You should have heard the fuss my mom kicked up !
And could I have a long-sleeved jacket this time ? The short-sleeved ones are so babyish.
With just my memory as a tool my own recursion depth limit is 6. After that I need my task list . BTW I am merely stating what I am experiencing at work.
If it's any consolation, Mom yells the most at the students she thinks are the best.
I guess I'm grinning because Jeannie didn't holler very much for a change.
I think so
He's so cute that it's a shame he's not nicer.
... even though Hugh is obviously out of my league.(  to be too good or too expensive for you ) The championship doesn't have to be ....
Oh, Shona. You are such a party pooper. (  someone who spoils other people's enjoyment by disapproving of or not taking part in a particular activity )
You could if you put your mind to it.
I saw them going into that pizza parlor on Austin Street. Are they dating ?
..... hoping she didn't sound too breathless.
The Big Bang May Not Have Spawned The Universe After All
Well, we're just starting out, so we foul up sometimes.
Don't you need a jacket or anything ? It's freezing out.
Hugh : And here you are spending your coffee break with another Highland dancer
The Script Network held it summer party in London Film museum
If you keep working on it hard, I think you have a real shot at it this year, ...
You never had pink salt before?
..... maybe he just wants more people to fill out the audience, but I am dying to go.
I'll call you later about Friday night, OK ?
You'd think I was planning to pull an all-nighter or something.
..... she was speechless with delight.
I don't want to gush or anything, -- but well, you are great.
You should come jam with us sometime.
Bye, Mom don't wait up.
This girl definitely has taste. It's not fair, MacKendrick. You always hog all quality women.
This round's on me. You can get the next one if you want.
Myles seemed to be a big hit with all the girls.
Last Sunday I wanted to kiss you too, but I was afraid that if I did, you'd think I was being fresh. (  being too confident and showing a lack of respect, or showing by your actions or words that you want to have sex with someone )
.... savoring ( to enjoy food or an experience slowly, in order to appreciate it as much as possible ) the memory of Hugh's kisses ......
I was a total wreck ( A person who is physically or mentally broken down or worn out ) that day.
I thought maybe you had an ulterior motive.
So you saw through my diabolical plot, uh ?
I understand you have a pretty good shot at that second runner-up again.
Shona has an even better shot at winning first place, Aynsley, so you'd better be on your toes.
Hugh let out a whoop of laughter.
It's a lot of hard work and everything, but I really love it.
You can't risk it, not with the championships so close.
Finally they nodded their heads in unison.
I wish you two wouldn't holler at me like that. It's awfully embarassing when I'm with a guy.
You better win that championship just to make up for all this neglect.
Have you got your hooks into John Powell yet ?
Mom, you weren't supposed to let on, I wanted to surprise her.
You're really starting to show a lot of poise, .......
Pair that with poise, and in my opinion you've got Aynsley beat.
She's still on my case for coming home late the last couple of times we went out.
You'll have a whole week to rest up for it.
I fell on the way home, I didn't damage anything vital, but I feel kind of achy.
Will you please stop channel-hopping .......
In answer to her parents' worried questions, she confessed that she and Hugh had broken up.
I'm just picking up a pair of panty hose. would you believe every pair I own has a run. ( a long vertical hole in tights and stockings )
I bet she's planning on making a big play for him tonight at Cathy Davidson's very exclusively party.
Now that Hugh's available, she'll probably be all over him, trying to catch him on the rebound.
I don't like any of these dresses, they're really tacky. ( of cheap quality or in bad style )
.... you should have seen him tripping all over his feet. He simply couldn't keep time with the music.
Afterward she ran some errands for her mother, then spent the rest of the day working on an English paper, doing household chores, and listening for the phone.
Vandals is a new teen club that just opened up.
You're not much of a talker, are you ?
Kim : I thought he'd be a refreshing change from you-know-who.
Shona : ' Refreshing ' is hardly the word for it.
Can't you put a smile on your face and make the best of it for tonight ?
I was feeling kind of lonely and mixed up.
Her legs felt rubbery ( weak ) as she climbed the stairs, as if .....
You're not still moping about Hugh, are you ?
He's bound to be there, whether he wants to come or not. Jeannie and Christina wouldn't let him wimp out. ( to decide not to do something because you are too frightened )
Ok that's enough play-by-play ( A detailed commentary of an event as it unfolds ), I don't want to know what happens next !
Are you two up to joining me ?
Aynsley was talking a blue streak ( to talk quickly and without stopping ) , but Hugh didn't seem to be paying much attention.
I can't believe she actually got him up on his feet.
I think I just saw him heading for the refreshment stand.
Your father just threw his back out ( to injure one's back in some way ) on the dancer floor.
I told you I was a rotten dancer.
Shona raced to the kitchen on tiptoe .......
I know I should have called you, but I guess my pride got in the way.
I was so wrapped up in how important the championship is to me that I didn't spare a thought for how important your gig was to you.
You'll need to be well rested for the competition tomorrow.
I'm just beginning to recuperate from an overdose of it.
You absolutely sparkled up there onstage.
Oh please, you're going to give me a swelled head.
She knew she stood a better chance of winning the championship since her chief competitor wasn't in top form.
Today's competition would determine whether she was a champion Highland dncer or just an also-ran. ( someone in a competition who is unlikely to do well or who has failed )
If you don't want me to coach you for the nationals, I won't.
Thanks + Anas Sam . I wanted to take a picture of the canal while it was raining and when I got to the bridge there were some baskets with beautiful flowers so I decided to include them in the shot, I also got quite wet in the process."
Happy Birthday! 28 years ago today Nintendo released the NES gaming system in New York and other North American markets. Thanks to #NES emulators for Android you can relive your childhood memories. What is your favorite NES game?
The original Grand Theft Auto is getting a 3D remake
I missed the weapon wheel in Infinite. Happy to see it coming back.
I like that they went so deep as to include grim fandango.
Loving this song
New Google watch could be very close to release, will sport lots of Google Now functionality : by + Robert Nazarian Ten days ago, it was reported that we could see a new Google watch (codenamed Gem) on October 31 alongside the Nexus 5, Nexus 10, and Kit Kat. Of course, the latest rumor suggests the Nexus 5 will be announced tomorrow, and we have yet to see an FCC filing or any significant leaks regarding a Google watch. Now we do know that Google is working on a watch based on earlier reports from publications like the Wall Street Journal and the fact that Google purchased WiMM. The question is when will they show it to us?
Is this a bug or a feature?
I guess the same as big Brother
I've just ordered one, SIM locked to o2. There are warnings on unlocking Z1; what is the safest way to unlock?
The HTC one should have been what the One X was. A year to late.
Song of the night
Have you two not got work to do
I only pre-ordered for Knack believe it or not
I like this phone too much
actually now i want to buy this for my nexus
I definitely think it applies to wearable devices. But I can't see it taking off on smartphones