disguise its excrescence
disbelief
discarded
disguise it as an unimaginative screenwriter 's invention
disease
with an inauspicious
spy action flick with Antonio Banderas and Lucy Liu never comes together .
be appreciated by anyone outside the under-10 set
a spotty script
not so
be as bored
feel more like literary conceits than flesh-and-blood humans
feel like time fillers between surf shots
feel like time fillers between surf shots .
feel like a short stretched out to feature length
feel like mopping up ,
feel like mopping up
spent the duration of the film 's shooting schedule waiting to scream : ``
be as bored watching Morvern Callar as the characters are in it .
spend on a ticket
to create a completely crass and forgettable movie
to define his career with but Pinocchio . It might as well have been Problem Child IV
bears out as your typical junkie opera
be as bored watching Morvern Callar as the characters are in it . If you go , pack your knitting needles
on in a disjointed , substandard fashion from one
on its own postmodern conceit
but not much fun to watch .
but not particularly funny
most opaque , self-indulgent
be as tiresome as 9 seconds of Jesse Helms ' anti- Castro rhetoric , which are included
is to reduce everything he touches to a shrill , didactic cartoon
is to have some idea of the fate that lies in store for moviegoers lured to the mediocrity that is Kung Pow : Enter the Fist .
is to have some idea of the fate that lies in store for moviegoers lured to the mediocrity that is Kung Pow : Enter the Fist
is to determine how well the schmaltz is manufactured -- to assess the quality of the manipulative engineering . Average , at best , I 'm afraid
is to Gary Cooper what a gnat is to a racehorse
is tiresomely grave and long-winded , as if circularity itself indicated profundity .
but it offers few surprises and finds its stars slumming in territory
when you 're talking about a slapstick comedy , that 's a pretty big problem
but no tension or surprise
but not enough to make this anything more than another big-budget bust
the shallow sensationalism characteristic
unbearably loud
stereotypical caretakers
For a film about explosions and death and spies , `` Ballistic : Ecks vs. Sever '' seems as safe as a children 's film .
miscast leads ,
with such unrelenting Dickensian decency
the glum , numb experience of watching O Fantasma
if you do n't understand what on earth is going on
illogic
Murphy do the genial-rogue shtick to death ,
Murphy do the genial-rogue shtick to death
Murphy do the genial-rogue shtick to death , but because the plot is equally hackneyed
This dramatically shaky contest of wills only reiterates the old Hollywood saw : Evil is interesting and good is boring
This dramatically shaky contest of wills only reiterates the old Hollywood saw :
This dramatically shaky contest of wills
This action-thriller\/dark comedy is one of the most repellent things to pop up in a cinematic year already littered with celluloid garbage .
their recklessness
( and semi-coherent
( and literally ) tosses around sex toys and offers half-hearted paeans to empowerment that are repeatedly undercut by the brutality of the jokes , most at women 's expense .
( and an uneasy alliance , at that
unless you 're an absolute raving Star Wars junkie , it is n't much fun .
soggy performances
soggy potboiler
, absurd collection
, a movie comes along to remind us of how very bad a motion picture can truly be . Frank McKlusky C . I .
, a movie like Ballistic : Ecks Vs . Sever is more of an ordeal than an amusement .
, a formula comedy redeemed by its stars , That is even lazier and far less enjoyable .
Some Body smacks of exhibitionism more than it does cathartic truth telling .
Solondz may well be the only one laughing at his own joke
Solondz may be convinced that he has something significant to say , but he is n't talking a talk that appeals to me .
Solondz may be convinced that he has something significant to say , but he is n't talking a talk that appeals to me
Solondz may be convinced that he has something significant to say , but
the running time about 10 minutes past a child 's interest and an adult 's patience .
the running time about 10 minutes past a child 's interest and an adult 's patience
thinking the only reason to make the movie is because present standards allow for plenty of nudity
thinly sketched story . Killing time
delivered with a hammer . Thumbs down
delivered so little entertainment
plays it straight , turning Leys ' fable into a listless climb down the social ladder .
yet , it must be admitted
The film would have been more enjoyable had the balance shifted in favor of water-bound action over the land-based ` drama ,
The film would have been more enjoyable had the balance shifted in favor of water-bound action over the land-based ` drama , ' but
The film would have been more enjoyable had the balance shifted in favor of water-bound action over the land-based ` drama , '
The film would have been more enjoyable had the balance shifted in favor of water-bound action over the land-based ` drama , ' but the emphasis on the latter leaves Blue Crush waterlogged .
The film would have been more enjoyable had the balance shifted in favor of water-bound action over the land-based ` drama , ' but the emphasis on the latter leaves Blue Crush waterlogged
Burning
Did no one on the set have a sense of humor , or did they not have the nerve to speak up
Did no one on the set have a sense of humor , or
Did no one on the set have a sense of humor ,
Did no one on the set have a sense of humor
Did we really need a remake of '' Charade ?
Did we really need a remake of '' Charade
Did no one on the set have a sense of humor , or did they not have the nerve to speak up ?
( Evans is ) a fascinating character , and deserves a better vehicle than this facetious smirk of a movie .
( Green is ) the comedy equivalent of Saddam Hussein , and I 'm just about ready to go to the U . N . and ask permission for a preemptive strike .
( Hell is ) looking down at your watch and realizing Serving Sara is n't even halfway through .
The work of an exhausted , desiccated talent who ca n't get out of his own way
( sinks )
spent the duration of the film 's shooting schedule waiting to scream :
the rather clumsy original
stalls in its lackluster gear of emotional blandness
und drung , but explains its characters ' decisions only unsatisfactorily
spend their time in the theater thinking up grocery lists and ways to tell their kids how not to act like Pinocchio
undemanding armchair tourists
und drung , but explains its characters ' decisions only unsatisfactorily .
under a rock
yet can not recommend it , because it overstays its natural running time
standard
to cuss him out severely for bungling the big stuff
loose , poorly structured film
loose , poorly structured
loopy and
loony
loose-jointed structure
remake Andrei Tarkovsky 's Solaris so much as distill it
from the clumsy cliché of the ugly American
from the fact that the film idiotically uses the website feardotcom.com or the improperly hammy performance from poor Stephen Rea
from the lack
who are either too goodly , wise and knowing or downright comically evil
who ca n't act
it is n't merely offensive
it is nearly impossible to look at or understand
it is not enough to give the film the substance it so desperately needs .
it is not worth
it is quite possibly the sturdiest example yet of why the DV revolution has cheapened the artistry of making a film .
it is repetitious
the pale script
shot Kennedy ? Moot point .
be the worst film a man has made about women since valley of the dolls
be the worst thing
just different bodies for sharp objects to rip through
just does n't figure in the present Hollywood program .
just because it seems obligatory
just did n't care
just die already
just does n't have anything really interesting to say
just does n't have big screen magic
Goddammit
the film suffers from its own difficulties
they wanted their story to go
they missed the boat .
they lack the skills to get us to this undetermined destination
they keep bringing it back another day as punishment for paying money to see the last James Bond movie
they still would n't add up to the time required to boil a four - minute egg .
they should know better
they should have avoided .
the rigors
is as serious as a pink slip .
is as predictable as can be
on inanely for two hours
The plot of the comeback curlers is n't very interesting actually ,
introverted young men with fantasy fetishes
the ingredients are there . But an unwillingness to explore beyond the surfaces of her characters prevents Nettelbeck 's film from coming together .
the ingredients do n't quite add up to a meal
the rage and
Cho 's latest comic set is n't as sharp or as fresh as I 'm the One That I Want ... but
Cho 's latest comic set is n't as sharp or as fresh as I 'm the One That I Want ...
The story really has no place to go since Simone is not real -- she ca n't provide any conflict
The story really has no place to go since Simone is not real --
The story really has no place to go since Simone is not real -- she ca n't provide any conflict .
The story really has no place to go since Simone is not real
tanks .
tantamount to insulting the intelligence of anyone who has n't been living under a rock
tardier
be wishing for a watch that makes time go faster rather than the other way around
be with a large dose of painkillers
fragmentary
enjoy mindless action without the benefit of decent acting , writing , and direction
enjoy really bad movies
offended by his lack of faith in his audience
offended
to drown yourself in a lake afterwards
decided to make a dull , pretentious version of jesus ' son
death might be a release .
death might be a release
to drown a viewer in boredom than to send any shivers down his spine
to drag as soon as the action speeds up
to drag along the dead ( water ) weight of the other
seems based on ugly ideas instead of ugly behavior , as happiness was ...
have not been this disappointed by a movie in a long time
have not been this disappointed by a movie in a long time .
have nothing better to do with 94 minutes .
all right . Extremely dumb . Extremely confusing .
all right . Extremely dumb . Extremely confusing . Extremely boring
Schmaltzy and unfunny , Adam Sandler 's cartoon about Hanukkah is numbingly bad , Little Nicky bad , 10 Worst List bad .
Schmaltzy and unfunny
Schindler 's List it ai n't .
Scherfig tosses us a romantic scenario that is just as simplistic as a Hollywood production .
Schneidermeister ... Makin ' a fool of himself
from director Mark Romanek 's self-conscious scrutiny
in a series of very bad special effects
in a visual style that is willfully overwrought
is a cold , bliss-less work that groans along thinking itself some important comment on how life throws us some beguiling curves
is a comedy that 's not very funny and an action movie that is not very thrilling ( and an uneasy alliance , at that )
is a cold , bliss-less work that groans along thinking itself some important comment on how life throws us some beguiling curves .
is a bad movie appearing on behalf of a good cause .
is a clear case of preaching to the converted
is a comedy that 's not very funny and an action movie that is not very thrilling ( and an uneasy alliance , at that ) .
every family whose mother has suffered through the horrible pains of a death by cancer
every gag two or three times
every fake , dishonest , entertaining and , ultimately , more perceptive moment in Bridget Jones 's Diary
every faltering half-step
every faltering half-step of its development
to his swaggering affectation of seriousness
to his formula of dimwitted comedy and even dimmer characters
a hunky has-been
a hundred of them can be numbing . Proof of this is Ballistic : Ecks vs . Sever
of Hollywood fluff
a prisoner
avoids the more serious emotions involved
Tennessee Williams by way of Oprah 's Book Club
Ten Little Indians meets Friday the 13th by way of Clean and Sober , filmed on the set of Carpenter 's The Thing and loaded with actors you 're most likely to find on the next inevitable incarnation of The Love Boat
does n't add anything fresh to the myth
does little here but point at things that explode into flame
does little here
does little , apart from raising the topic , to further stoke the conversation
does n't add up
does n't add anything fresh to the myth .
any real emotional impact
any real psychological grounding for the teens ' deviant behaviour . Being latently gay and liking to read are hardly enough
any real raw emotion , which is fatal for a film that relies on personal relationships
an outrageous central gimmick that could have been a reject from Monty Python 's Meaning of Life
the movie is a little tired ;
the movie is a little tired
the most opaque , self-indulgent and just plain goofy an excuse for a movie as you can imagine .
dodge this one
docile , mostly wordless ethnographic extras
the most opaque , self-indulgent and just plain goofy an excuse for a movie as you can imagine
` Abandon all hope , ye who enter here ' ...
` Abandon all hope , ye who enter here '
` Abandon all hope , ye who enter here ' ... you should definitely let Dante 's gloomy words be your guide .
` Abandon all hope , ye who enter here ' ... you should definitely let Dante 's gloomy words be your guide
, it can be just as frightening and disturbing -- even punishing
to cheap manipulation or corny conventions
consider what New Best Friend does not have , beginning with the minor omission of a screenplay .
consider what New Best Friend does not have , beginning with the minor omission of a screenplay
considered a star , nor why he keeps being cast in action films when none of them are ever any good
My precious new Star Wars movie is a lumbering , wheezy drag ...
My own minority report is that it stinks .
My Wife is an Actress has its moments in looking at the comic effects of jealousy . In the end , though , it is only mildly amusing when it could have been so much more .
a filmmaker to let this morph into a typical romantic triangle
most dangerous
the mediocre end
monotony
the mess that is World Traveler
the messiness
would probably have worked better as a one-hour TV documentary .
Murder by Numbers fits the profile too closely .
Murphy and Owen Wilson
Muddled , trashy and
: It 's a slow slog to get there .
; it 's just too bad it does n't have more flashes of insight .
the same ideas repeated in films over and over again
is 75 wasted minutes of Sandler as the voice-over hero in Columbia Pictures ' perverse idea of an animated holiday movie .
is 75 wasted minutes of Sandler as the voice-over hero in Columbia Pictures ' perverse idea of an animated holiday movie
is A ... as in aimless , arduous , and arbitrary
is DOA .
is DOA
believe that something so short could be so flabby
believe anyone would really buy this stuff
believe a movie can be mindless without being the peak of all things insipid
believe that Resident Evil is not it
believe it or not , Jason actually takes a backseat in his own film to special effects
inoffensive
plays like somebody spliced random moments of a Chris Rock routine into what is otherwise a cliche-riddled but self-serious spy thriller .
plays out with the drowsy heaviness of synchronized swimmer wearing a wool wetsuit .
plays like a travelogue for what mostly resembles a real-life , big-budget NC-17 version of Tank Girl
its storytelling prowess and special effects are both listless .
its stupidity more than obvious
its spry 2001 predecessor -- but it 's a rushed , slapdash , sequel-for-the-sake - of-a-sequel with less than half the plot and ingenuity
Hey Arnold ! The Movie could have been made 40 years ago
that sink it faster than a leaky freighter
Each scene drags , underscoring the obvious , and sentiment is slathered on top .
Each scene immediately succumbs to gravity and plummets to earth
Each scene drags , underscoring the obvious , and
Each scene drags , underscoring the obvious , and sentiment is slathered on top
Each scene drags , underscoring the obvious
Each scene drags , underscoring the obvious ,
Dull , a road-trip movie that 's surprisingly short of both adventure and song .
the CliffsNotes with pages missing
the film falters
to be revealed by the dispassionate Gantz brothers as ordinary , pasty lumpen
appears to have blown his entire budget on soundtrack rights and
appears to have blown his entire budget on soundtrack rights
appears to have blown his entire budget on soundtrack rights and had nothing left over for jokes
apply the chloroform-soaked handkerchief
look at the world 's dispossessed .
the same kind of maudlin , sentimental mysticism that mars the Touched by an Angel school of non-God spiritual-uplift movies
is so dumb and so exploitative in its violence that , ironically , it becomes everything that the rather clumsy original was railing against
underwritten that you ca n't figure out just where the other characters , including Ana 's father and grandfather , come down on the issue of Ana 's future
undetermined
the same old formula of teen sex , outrageous pranks and scenes designed to push the envelope of bad taste for laughs
underscores the fuzzy sentimentality of the movie itself , which feels , as it plods toward the end , less like a movie than like the filmed reading of a script in need of polishing
to be as a collection of keening and self-mutilating sideshow geeks
little imagination
little farm melodrama .
to avoid solving one problem by trying to distract us with the solution to another
the finish line winded but
to sustain interest in his profession after the family tragedy . Too predictably , in fact
to be invented to describe exactly how bad it is
Inconsequential
Incoherence reigns .
've heard that the fans of the first Men in Black have come away hating the second one .
've just watched a feature-length video game with some really heavy back story
've learned the hard way just how complex international terrorism is
Inconsequential road-and-buddy pic .
gang-infested
Inconsequential road-and-buddy pic
there 's nothing here you have n't seen before .
there 's nothing so striking or fascinating or metaphorically significant about his career as to rate two hours of our attention .
there 's not an original character , siuation or joke in the entire movie
there 's no other reason why anyone should bother remembering it
there 's no saving the movie . Sorry , Charlie
there 's no fizz
there 's little to love about this English trifle .
see Recoing 's bizzarre reaction to his unemployment
does n't trust laughs -- and does n't conjure proper respect for followers of the whole dead-undead genre , who deserve more from a vampire pic than a few shrieky special effects .
does n't trust laughs -- and does n't conjure proper respect for followers of the whole dead-undead genre , who deserve more from a vampire pic than a few shrieky special effects
does n't trust laughs
does n't sustain a high enough level of invention .
Tries to work in the same vein as the brilliance of Animal House but instead comes closer to the failure of the third Revenge of the Nerds sequel .
Trouble Every Day is a plodding mess .
Infidelity
conned
It 's a strange film , one that was hard for me to warm up to .
was , I would go back and choose to skip it .
consider a DVD rental instead
was a dark and stormy night
to offend and put off everyone
come away thinking not only that Kate is n't very bright , but that she has n't been worth caring about and that maybe she , Janine and Molly -- an all-woman dysfunctional family -- deserve one another .
come away wishing , though , that the movie spent a lot less time trying to make a credible case for reports from the afterlife and a lot more time on the romantic urgency that 's at the center of the story
come as they may , Lawrence unleashes his trademark misogyny -- er , comedy -- like a human volcano or an overflowing septic tank , take your pick .
come away thinking not only that Kate is n't very bright , but that she has n't been worth caring about and that maybe she , Janine and Molly -- an all-woman dysfunctional family -- deserve one another
combined scenes of a Japanese monster flick with canned shots of Raymond Burr commenting on the monster 's path of destruction
come as they may , Lawrence unleashes his trademark misogyny -- er , comedy -- like a human volcano or an overflowing septic tank , take your pick
is simply too ludicrous and borderline insulting
is relatively slow to come to the point
entertained getting hit by a bus
enough to salvage this lifeless boxing film
in Saigon in 1952 . That 's its first sign of trouble
follow the same blueprint from hundreds of other films , sell it to the highest bidder and
follow the same blueprint from hundreds of other films
follow the same blueprint from hundreds of other films ,
followed by the bad idea
follow the same blueprint from hundreds of other films , sell it to the highest bidder and walk away without anyone truly knowing your identity
a space station in the year 2455 can be crossed off the list of ideas for the inevitable future sequels ( hey , do n't shoot the messenger )
a sprawl of uncoordinated vectors
a squirm-inducing fish-out-of-water formula that goes nowhere and goes there very , very slowly
a stab at soccer hooliganism
a stab
ultimately comes off as a pale successor .
ultimately comes off as insultingly simplistic
Shakespeare
Strong filmmaking requires a clear sense of purpose , and in that oh-so-important category , The Four Feathers comes up short .
a dearth of vitality
a cut-and-paste of every bad action-movie line in history
septic tank
sentimentality and annoying
Stupid , infantile , redundant , sloppy , over-the-top , and amateurish . Yep , it 's '' Waking up in Reno . '' Go back to sleep .
sentimentalized
an artist who is simply tired --
an artist who is simply tired
Sandler , who also executive produces , has made a film that makes previous vehicles look smart and sassy .
Samira Makhmalbaf 's new film Blackboards is much like the ethos of a stream of consciousness , although , it 's unfortunate for the viewer that the thoughts and reflections coming through are torpid and banal
Santa weigh down the plot so heavily that they drain all the film of its energy and needlessly strain credibility
headache
the experience of actually watching the movie is less compelling than the circumstances of its making .
Impossible as it may sound
barely adequate babysitter
by an inconsistent , meandering , and sometimes dry plot
by amateurish
do n't know if Frailty will turn Bill Paxton into an A-list director
by accents thick as mud
by a weak script that ca n't support the epic treatment
by a sloppy script
by a screenplay that forces them into bizarre , implausible behavior
put the nail in the coffin of any future Rice adaptations
The French director has turned out nearly 21\/2 hours of unfocused , excruciatingly tedious cinema that , half an hour in , starts making water torture seem appealing .
before quickly losing its focus , point and purpose in a mess of mixed messages , over-blown drama and Bruce Willis with a scar
Frankly , it 's kind of insulting , both to men and women . And it 's not that funny -- which is just generally insulting .
Frankly , it 's kind of insulting , both to men and women . And it 's not that funny
Frankly , it 's kind of insulting , both to men and women . And it 's not that funny --
Fred Schepisi 's film is paced at a speed that is slow to those of us in middle age and deathly slow to any teen . With a cast of A-list Brit actors
Frankly , it 's pretty stupid . I had more fun with Ben Stiller 's Zoolander , which I thought was rather clever . But there 's plenty to offend everyone ...
do n't care to understand
do n't care about the truth
do n't blame Eddie Murphy but should n't
do n't blame Eddie Murphy but
do n't care whether that cold-hearted snake Petrovich ( that would be Reno ) gets his comeuppance . Just bring on the Battle Bots , please !
do n't care what kind of sewage they shovel into their mental gullets to simulate sustenance
Mr. Murray , a prolific director of music videos , stuffs his debut with more plot than it can comfortably hold .
Egoyan 's movie is too complicated to sustain involvement , and , if you 'll excuse a little critical heresy , too intellectually ambitious .
Egoyan 's work often elegantly considers various levels of reality and uses shifting points of view , but here he has constructed a film so labyrinthine that it defeats his larger purpose
a moody ,
a little too smugly superior to like
needs a little gravity ,
needs a little gravity , beyond good hair and humping
needlessly strain credibility
needs love
needs a little gravity , beyond good hair and humping .
He has not learnt that storytelling is what the movies are about .
stupid cliches
is the recording industry in the current climate of mergers and downsizing
it should pay reparations to viewers .
it sounds like a cruel deception carried out by men of marginal intelligence , with reactionary ideas about women and a total lack of empathy .
it slow , predictable and not very amusing
the smeary digital video does match the muddled narrative
one spectacularly ugly-looking broad
one that 's been told by countless filmmakers about Italian - , Chinese - , Irish - , Latin - , Indian - , Russian
One of those films that seems tailor made to air on pay cable to offer some modest amusements when one has nothing else to watch .
Watching it is rather like an overlong visit from a large group of your relatives .
Kilmer seems to be posing , rather than acting . And that leaves a hole in the center of The Salton Sea
Watching this film , what we feel is n't mainly suspense or excitement .
Kilmer seems to be posing , rather than acting .
Kilmer seems to be posing , rather than acting . And
, what 's with the unexplained baboon cameo ?
One of those films that started with a great premise and then just fell apart
that would be me : fighting off the urge to doze .
Smug , artificial , ill-constructed and fatally overlong ...
most severe
fill the after-school slot
fiend
something cringe-inducing
something about it that feels incomplete , as if the real story starts just around the corner
something else far more pleasurable . Something like scrubbing the toilet .
something from a Halloween that died
sedentary
sedentary doldrums
see Robert De Niro singing - and dancing to - West Side Story show tunes . Choose your reaction : A . ) That sure is funny ! B . ) That sure is pathetic !
Mitch Davis 's wall of kitsch hard going
Disturbingly superficial in its approach to the material .
a pretty unpleasant viewing
a pretty unpleasant viewing experience
a pretty unpleasant
fooled by the impressive cast list
Whether ( Binoche and Magimel ) are being charming or angst-ridden
depraved , incoherent , instantly disposable
yet curiously tepid and choppy
done all that Heaven allows , if you wanted to make as anti-Kieslowski a pun as possible . Suffice to say its total promise is left slightly unfulfilled
yet another self-consciously overwritten story about a rag-tag bunch of would-be characters that team up for a ca n't -
yet another self-consciously overwritten story about a rag-tag bunch of would-be characters that team up for a ca n't - miss heist -- only to have it all go wrong
yet another self-consciously overwritten story about a rag-tag bunch of would-be characters that team up for a ca n't - miss heist -- only to have it all go wrong .
you 'd think by now america would have had enough of plucky british eccentrics with hearts of gold
wo n't be sitting through this one again
wo n't care
wo n't argue with anyone who calls ` Slackers ' dumb , insulting , or childish
wo n't fly with most intelligent viewers .
theaters . It 's hard to imagine acting that could be any flatter
easy to make such a worthless film
pretension ,
of the problems with the film
a punishment
impossible to claim that it is '' Based on a True Story '' with a straight face
impossible to claim that it is '' Based on a True Story ''
whiny jags
while wearing low-cut gowns , not making snappy comebacks
whiny
whiney
the story is just too clichéd and too often strains credulity
few will find the movie
this turd
this trifling romantic comedy in which opposites attract for no better reason than that the screenplay demands it squanders the charms of stars Hugh Grant and Sandra Bullock .
this unimaginative comedian
this underdramatized but overstated film
worst movies
worst revenge-of-the-nerds clichés
worst elements
worst excesses
worst films
worst cinematic tragedies
worst comedy
their caustic purpose for existing
their charm does n't do a load of good
far less sophisticated
it never moves beyond their surfaces
it never builds any suspense
it misses too many opportunities
it merely lacks everything except good intentions
quite a nosedive
as you discount its ability to bore
`` One look at a girl in tight pants and big tits and you turn stupid ? ''
`` Orange County ''
lacking
The movie 's seams may show
The movie 's seams may show ...
How will you feel after an 88-minute rip-off of The Rock with action confined to slo-mo gun firing and random glass-shattering ? ''
Howard appears to have had free rein to be as pretentious as he wanted
However , it lacks grandeur and that epic quality often associated with Stevenson 's tale as well as with earlier Disney efforts .
How can you charge money for this ? '
How did it ever get made ?
How do you make a movie with depth about a man who lacked any ?
sickeningly
sickeningly savage
sight gags
an encyclopedia of cliches that shoplifts shamelessly from farewell-to-innocence movies like The Wanderers and A Bronx Tale without cribbing any of their intelligence
Rifkin no doubt fancies himself something of a Hubert Selby Jr . , but there is n't an ounce of honest poetry in his entire script
Rifkin no doubt fancies himself something of a Hubert Selby Jr . , but there is n't an ounce of honest poetry in his entire script ;
Rifkin no doubt fancies himself something of a Hubert Selby Jr . , but
Rifkin no doubt fancies himself something of a Hubert Selby Jr . , but there is n't an ounce of honest poetry in his entire script ; it 's simply crude and unrelentingly exploitative
Rifkin no doubt fancies himself something of a Hubert Selby Jr . , but there is n't an ounce of honest poetry in his entire script ; it 's simply crude and unrelentingly exploitative .
Some Like It Hot on the Hardwood proves once again that a man in drag is not in and of himself funny .
it is a failure .
it includes a fair share of dumb drug jokes and predictable slapstick
it implodes in a series of very bad special effects .
befallen
A semi-autobiographical film that 's so sloppily written and cast that you can not believe anyone more central to the creation of Bugsy than the caterer
A relative letdown .
A real snooze .
A reality-snubbing hodgepodge .
The basic premise is intriguing but quickly becomes distasteful and downright creepy .
it had been only half-an-hour long or a TV special
Funk
Full of the kind of obnoxious chitchat that only self-aware neurotics engage in .
Full of the kind of obnoxious
runs 163 minutes
run-of-the-mill revulsion for extreme unease
run-of-the-mill singles blender
run-of-the-mill revulsion
run of the mill
run out of ideas
Stale , futile scenario
Stale ,
Bond 's tired formula of guns , girls and gadgets
Bond 's tired formula
predictable or bland
predictable or
predictable romantic comedy
predictable plot and paper-thin supporting characters
predictable as the tides
predictable as the outcome of a Globetrotters-Generals game
predictable denouement
predictable at every turn
predictably conventional
racial profiling Hollywood style
a cartoon monster
The worst film of the year
little critical
The worst film of the year .
little left
stereotypes
stiffness
who can out-bad-act the other
The character is too forced and overwritten to be funny or believable much of the time , and Clayburgh does n't always improve the over-the-top mix .
you feel pissed off
its rather slow beginning
its predictability
its pulpy core conceit
its filmmakers run out of clever ideas and visual gags about halfway through
its extremely languorous rhythms ,
who comes across as both shallow and dim-witted
superficiality and silliness
superficially loose
superficiality
superficiality and
seemed bored
who cares ?
that 's not scary , not smart and not engaging
that 's ever gone into an after-school special compiled in one place , minus those daytime programs ' slickness and sophistication ( and who knew they even had any ? )
that 's critic-proof , simply because it aims so low
that 's hardly any fun to watch
that 's just the problem with it
that 's much too big for its britches
so old-fashioned
something else altogether -- clownish and offensive and nothing at all like real life
some awful acting and lame special effects
ridiculous schlock
Adrift , Bentley and Hudson stare and sniffle , respectively , as Ledger attempts , in vain , to prove that movie-star intensity can overcome bad hair design .
... a pretentious and ultimately empty examination of a sick and evil woman .
... a weak and ineffective ghost story without a conclusion or pay off .
'' imitation
i . e . Peploe 's , it 's simply unbearable
hypocritical work
hypocritical
of the ugly American
Long
of the gay community as an all-inclusive world where uptight , middle class bores like Antonia can feel good about themselves
the goodwill the first half of his movie generates by orchestrating a finale that is impenetrable and dull
the gloomy film noir veil
the glamorous machine that thrusts the audience into a future they wo n't much care about
the good and different idea ( of middle-aged romance ) is not handled well and , except for the fine star performances , there is little else to recommend '' Never Again . ''
the good and different idea ( of middle-aged romance ) is not handled well and , except for the fine star performances
the really bad Blair Witch Project
conflicts
the proceedings a little bit too conventional
about a couple of saps stuck in an inarticulate screenplay
about a family of sour immortals
veers uncomfortably
veered off too far into the exxon zone ,
veered off too far into the exxon zone , and
veered off too far
followed by thirty-five minutes of inflated nonsense .
It 's Splash without the jokes .
It 's Young Guns meets Goodfellas in this easily skippable hayseeds-vs
sick character
bitchy
of the grief
-- from the writing and direction to the soggy performances --
paint-by-numbers
paints an absurdly simplistic picture
paints an absurdly simplistic picture .
pale Xerox of other , better crime movies
pale Xerox of other , better crime movies .
you walk out of the theater not feeling
gamely as the movie tries to make sense of its title character , there remains a huge gap between the film 's creepy
to lose interest before Sandrine
average Bond
All these developments and challenges facing Santa weigh down the plot so heavily that they drain all the film of its energy and needlessly strain credibility
All the well-meaningness in the world ca n't erase the fact that The Believer feels like a 12-Step Program for the Jewish Nazi .
All these developments and challenges facing Santa weigh down the plot so heavily that they drain all the film of its energy and needlessly strain credibility .
this as one of the worst films of the summer .
this as one of the worst films of the summer . Or for the year , for that matter
this alarming production ,
this alleged psychological thriller
this alleged psychological thriller in search of purpose or even a plot
this arrogant Richard Pryor wannabe
author 's
improbably
improbably forbearing
improbably forbearing wife
imprisonment
improve the over-the-top mix
who is utterly unlikeable
Rob Schneider 's infantile cross-dressing routines
who has to contend with unpleasant characters , hit-and-miss performances and awkwardly staged scenes
Rob Schneider 's infantile cross-dressing routines fill The Hot Chick , the latest gimmick from this unimaginative comedian .
, `` Crossroads '' instead provokes a handful of unintentional howlers and numerous yawns .
, `` Ballistic : Ecks vs. Sever '' seems as safe as a children 's film .
, `` Extreme Ops '' was obviously made for the `` XXX '' crowd , people who enjoy mindless action without the benefit of decent acting , writing , and direction .
the climactic burst of violence
Suffocated at conception by its Munchausen-by-proxy mum .
Suffocated at conception by its Munchausen-by-proxy mum
Suffocated at conception
Suffocated
Suffice to say its total promise is left slightly unfulfilled
Suffers from rambling , repetitive dialogue and the visual drabness endemic to digital video .
Suffers from rambling , repetitive dialogue and the visual
Suffers from all the excesses of the genre .
the not-exactly - stunning insight that crime does n't pay
the notion that a strong , unified showing among Germany and Eastern European Jews might have changed 20th-Century history is undermined by Ahola 's inadequate performance
Suffocated at conception by its Munchausen-by-proxy mum . Punish the vehicle to adore the star
Suffocated at conception by its Munchausen-by-proxy mum . Punish
Though her fans will assuredly have their funny bones tickled , others will find their humor-seeking dollars best spent elsewhere .
spin hopelessly out
spiffing up leftovers that are n't so substantial or fresh
spin hopelessly out of control -- that is to say
The worst film
The world needs more filmmakers with passionate enthusiasms like Martin Scorsese . But it does n't need Gangs of New York .
Piccoli
Pinochet
falls far short of the peculiarly moral amorality of ( Woo 's ) best work
falls far short of poetry
a little fleeing of its own
familiar and predictable , and 4\/5ths of it might as well have come from a Xerox machine rather than ( writer-director ) Franc .
a lingering creepiness one
The whole thing feels like a ruse , a tactic to cover up the fact that the picture is constructed around a core of flimsy -- or , worse yet , nonexistent -- ideas .
a case of too many chefs fussing over too weak a recipe
wannabe film -- without the vital comic ingredient of the hilarious writer-director himself .
a calculating fiend or
a calculating fiend
a calculating fiend or just a slippery self-promoter
wan , thinly sketched story . Killing time
I 'd much rather watch teens poking their genitals into fruit pies
I 'd rather watch a rerun of The Powerpuff Girls
Sure , I hated myself in the morning . But
Sure , I hated myself in the morning .
viewers are likely to lose interest before Sandrine
a whole lot of nada
viewers recoiling from the reality
viewers may find themselves wishing they could roll over and take a nap .
takes such a speedy swan dive from
the same love story
unlikely to be appreciated by anyone outside the under-10 set
unlikely to inspire anything more than a visit to McDonald 's , let alone some savvy street activism
unlikable characters and a self-conscious sense
unmotivated
Less-than-compelling documentary
Less-than-compelling documentary of a Yiddish theater clan
Less-than-compelling
Less cinematically powerful
slightly disappointing
slow and repetitive
slow and repetitive parts
become annoying and artificial
( Sam 's ) self-flagellation is more depressing than entertaining .
that tries too hard to be emotional
Girlfriends are bad , wives are worse and babies are the kiss of death in this bitter Italian comedy .
Girlfriends are bad , wives are worse and babies are the kiss of death in this bitter Italian comedy
Girlfriends are bad , wives are worse
directed by Wally Wolodarsky from a script by Joe Jarvis and Greg Coolidge . These are names to remember , in order to avoid them in the future
The trouble with making this queen a thoroughly modern maiden is that it also makes her appear foolish and shallow rather than , as was more likely , a victim of mental illness .
misdemeanor
Molested
A bit too eager to please
A bit too eager to please .
a familiar anti-feminist equation ( career - kids = misery ) in tiresome romantic-comedy duds
misfires at every level
It 's so devoid of joy and energy it makes even Jason X ... look positively Shakesperean by comparison .
It 's so downbeat and nearly humorless that it becomes a chore to sit through -- despite some first-rate performances by its lead .
It 's rare that a movie can be as intelligent as this one is in every regard except its storyline ; everything that 's good is ultimately scuttled by a plot that 's just too boring and obvious
It 's rare that a movie can be as intelligent as this one is in every regard except its storyline ; everything that 's good is ultimately scuttled by a plot that 's just too boring and obvious .
never takes hold .
confuses the mere flashing of kinky soft-core imagery with naughty fun
confuses
conjured up only 10 minutes prior to filming
, Blade II mutates into a gross-out monster movie with effects that are more silly than scary .
, Caruso 's self-conscious debut is also eminently forgettable .
whose teeth are a little too big for her mouth
what good the execution of a mentally challenged woman could possibly do
what can only be characterized as robotic sentiment
is enough to give you brain strain
is easily as bad at a fraction the budget
, the movie will likely set the cause of woman warriors back decades .
, the movie winds up feeling like a great missed opportunity .
, the movie sinks into an abyss of clichés , depression and bad alternative music .
, the movie makes two hours feel like four .
, the movie is so clumsily sentimental and ineptly directed it may leave you speaking in tongues .
, the movie would be impossible to sit through
goes on for the 110 minutes of `` Panic Room ''
goes for sick and demented humor simply to do so .
goes unindicted here , which is probably for the best .
goes unindicted here , which is probably for the best
going on for too long , trying to mirror every subsequent event in Chinese history : war , revolution , Communism , etc.
going to a house party and watching the host defend himself against a frothing ex-girlfriend
going to go down as the worst -- and only -- killer website movie of this or any other year
going to face frightening late fees
nonchallenging
Is n't it a bit early in his career for director Barry Sonnenfeld to do a homage to himself ?
Is n't it a bit early in his career for director Barry Sonnenfeld to do a homage to himself ? And it 's a lousy one at that
underwhelming
Is it possible for a documentary to be utterly entranced by its subject and still show virtually no understanding of it
Is it possible for a documentary to be utterly entranced by its subject and still show virtually no understanding of it ?
Is it really an advantage to invest such subtlety and warmth in an animatronic bear when the humans are acting like puppets ?
who ignored it in favor of old ` juvenile delinquent ' paperbacks with titles like Leather Warriors and Switchblade Sexpot
is capped with pointless extremes
is careless and unfocused
is broken by frequent outbursts of violence and noise .
is both contrived and cliched
is broken by frequent outbursts of violence and noise
is both a snore and utter tripe
is both a snore and utter tripe .
is beyond playing fair with the audience . Are we dealing with dreams , visions or being told what actually happened as if it were the third ending of Clue ?
technically sophisticated in the worst way
White Oleander , '' the movie , is akin to a Reader 's Digest condensed version of the source material .
While this movie , by necessity , lacks Fellowship 's heart
White Oleander may leave you rolling your eyes in the dark ,
mock the kind of folks they do n't understand , ones they figure the power-lunchers do n't care to understand , either .
modeled on the worst revenge-of-the-nerds clichés the filmmakers could dredge up
to have no goal and no urgency
to serve than silly fluff . Nor is it
gasping like a beached grouper
gaudy bag
boilerplate clichés
boils down to a transparently hypocritical work that feels as though it 's trying to set the women 's liberation movement back 20 years . '
boring talking heads , etc.
borrowed images
borrowed plot points
the first half of his movie generates by orchestrating a finale that is impenetrable and dull
than bland
than bad
than coke . If you 're looking for a tale of Brits behaving badly , watch Snatch again . It 's 51 times better than this
grisly corpse
's more of the ` laughing at ' variety than the ` laughing with
Often gruelling
Octopus 2 : River of Fear
by far the worst movie of the year
by half-baked setups and sluggish pacing
the glacier-paced direction and
few sequels
right-wing , propriety-obsessed family
fumbled
having been slimed in the name of High Art
have you scratching your head than hiding under your seat
have written a more credible script , though with the same number of continuity errors
have used my two hours better watching Being John Malkovich again
an horrific but weirdly unemotional spectacle
an exercise in pointlessness
an extended cheap
it 's lazy for a movie to avoid solving one problem by trying to distract us with the solution to another
it 's hard to care about a film that proposes as epic tragedy the plight of a callow rich boy who is forced to choose between his beautiful , self-satisfied 22-year-old girlfriend and an equally beautiful , self-satisfied 18-year-old mistress .
it 's hard to care about a film that proposes as epic tragedy the plight of a callow rich boy who is forced to choose between his beautiful , self-satisfied 22-year-old girlfriend and an equally beautiful , self-satisfied 18-year-old mistress
it 's far from a groundbreaking endeavor
it 's disappointing to see one reduce it to an idea that fits in a sampler
it 's never a good sign when a film 's star spends the entirety of the film in a coma
it 's lazy for a movie to avoid solving one problem by trying to distract us with the solution to another .
the glacier-paced direction
is an arthritic attempt at directing by Callie Khouri . I had to look away -
is an almost poignant dimension to the way that every major stunt Seagal 's character ... performs is shot from behind , as if it could fool us into thinking that we 're not watching a double
is an almost poignant dimension to the way that every major stunt Seagal 's character ... performs is shot from behind , as if it could fool us into thinking that we 're not watching a double .
is an arthritic attempt at directing by Callie Khouri .
is an arthritic attempt at directing by Callie Khouri . I had to look away
is an angst-ridden attempt to be profound
, Mr . Montias is n't nearly as good to his crew as he is as a director or actor .
, No Such Thing is Hartley 's least accessible screed yet .
, Norton has to recite bland police procedural details ,
, Pumpkin is far more offensive than it is funny
, Pa . is a strangely drab romp . Some studio pizazz might have helped .
muddled narrative
a mess of purposeless violence
a meltdown
a meandering , inarticulate and ultimately disappointing film
a mediocre trifle
palatable to only a chosen and
palatable to only a chosen
pale
palatable to only a chosen and very jaundiced few
very least
A Veggie Tales Movie may well depend on your threshold for pop manifestations of the Holy Spirit .
: George W . Bush
bad direction
bad direction and bad acting --
bad direction and bad acting
An ungainly , comedy-deficient , B-movie rush job
An uneven look into a grim future that does n't come close to the level of intelligence and visual splendour that can be seen in other films
An uneven look into a grim future that does n't come close to the level of intelligence and visual splendour that can be seen in other films based on Philip K . Dick stories .
An uneven film dealing with too many problems to be taken seriously .
An uneven film
An uneven film dealing with too many problems to be taken seriously
the preteen girls who worship Lil ' Bow Wow
Succumbs
Succumbs to the same kind of maudlin , sentimental mysticism that mars the Touched by an Angel school of non-God spiritual-uplift movies
Stuffy , full of itself , morally ambiguous and nothing to shout about .
Stultifyingly
Stuffy , full of itself
Stuffy , full of itself ,
Succeeds in providing a disquiet world the long-dreaded completion of the Police Academy series
Stylistically , the movie is a disaster
, Anderson 's movie is essentially a one-trick pony that , hampered by an undeveloped script , ultimately pulls up lame .
the withering effects
fails him
failure
why this distinguished actor would stoop so low
the irrelevant as on the engaging ,
the irksome , tiresome nature of complacency
the film never recovers from the clumsy cliché of the ugly American abroad , and the too-frosty exterior Ms. Paltrow employs to authenticate her British persona is another liability .
why anyone in his right mind would even think to make the attraction a movie
the film never recovers from the clumsy cliché of the ugly American abroad
the film never recovers from the clumsy cliché of the ugly American abroad ,
why bother with a contemptible imitator starring a `` SNL '' has-been acting like an 8-year-old channeling Roberto Benigni ?
sank
a brief era of insanity
a bored Cage spent the duration of the film 's shooting schedule waiting to scream : `` Got AIDS yet
victimized
trivializing it
Bears about as much resemblance to the experiences of most battered women as Spider-Man does to the experiences of most teenagers .
Dragon loses its fire midway , nearly flickering out by its perfunctory conclusion .
you 're talking about a slapstick comedy , that 's a pretty big problem
farcical and loathsome
farcical and loathsome .
farm melodrama .
fart jokes ,
fart jokes , masturbation jokes ,
fart jokes , masturbation jokes , and
fart jokes , masturbation jokes , and racist Japanese jokes
erasing
the marquis de sade could n't have been as dull a person as this film makes him out to be .
mandates that you avoid the Godzilla
unaware that it 's the butt of its own joke .
seems to have a knack for wrapping the theater in a cold blanket of urban desperation
derived from far less sophisticated and knowing horror films
desarrollarse
Friday After Next spreads them pretty thin
Friday After Next is a lot more bluster than bite .
fights
fiascoes he 's been making for the last several years
Unflinchingly bleak and desperate
Enthusiastically taking up the current teen movie concern with bodily functions
Entertains not so much because of its music or comic antics , but through the perverse pleasure of watching Disney scrape the bottom of its own cracker barrel .
Entertains not so much
Entertains not
... plays like a badly edited , 91-minute trailer ( and ) the director ca n't seem to get a coherent rhythm going . In fact , it does n't even seem like she tried .
believing people were paid to make it
... something appears to have been lost in the translation this time . The Importance of Being Earnest movie seems to be missing a great deal of the acerbic repartee of the play . ''
sillier , not scarier
test Trekkie loyalty
silly , Nickelodeon-esque kiddie flick
terrorist bomb
drags on becoming boring and predictable .
dragged on
takes an abrupt turn into glucose sentimentality and laughable contrivance
takes an astonishingly condescending attitude toward women
while something of Bubba Ho-Tep 's clearly evident quality may end up languishing on a shelf somewhere
it drags
it drags during its 112-minute length
wrote Patch Adams , for which he should not be forgiven .
wrote it but this Cliff Notes edition is a cheat
that the entire exercise has no real point
where the situations and the dialogue spin hopelessly out of control -- that is to say
where the only belly laughs come from the selection of outtakes tacked onto the end credits
where the characters inhabit that special annex of hell where adults behave like kids , children behave like adults and everyone
where the big scene is a man shot out of a cannon into a vat of ice cream
where people who have never picked a lock do so easily after a few tries and become expert fighters after a few weeks
where nothing really happens .
where normally good actors , even Kingsley , are made to look bad
where it plainly has no business going
In Praise of Love lacks even the most fragmented charms I have found in almost all of his previous works .
In Praise of Love , the sort of bitter old crank who sits behind his light meter and harangues the supposed injustices of the artistic world-at-large
Impostor is a step down for director Gary Fleder .
Impostor deviously adopts the guise of a modern motion picture
a remake by the numbers , linking a halfwit plot to a series of standup routines in which Wilson and Murphy show how funny they could have been in a more ambitious movie
their shallow styles
's a brazenly misguided project
's a case of two actors who do everything humanly possible to create characters who are sweet and believable , and are defeated by a screenplay that forces them into bizarre , implausible behavior
's a boring movie about a boring man , made watchable by a bravura performance from a consummate actor incapable of being boring .
with the impossible task of making them jell
no more racist portraits of Indians , for instance )
that include extraordinary strength and laser-beam eyes , which unfortunately do n't enable them to discern flimsy screenplays
no new friends
this Southern Gothic drama is sadly a tough sit , with an undeveloped narrative and enough flashbacks and heavy-handed metaphors to choke a horse -- or at least slow him down to a canter .
this PG-13-rated piffle is ultimately as threatening as the Snuggle Fabric Softener bear .
this Jerry Bruckheimer production has little else to offer
the opposite of a truly magical movie
is a temporal inquiry that shoulders its philosophical burden lightly .
stupid , derivative horror film
stupid ?
during the offbeat musical numbers
stupid and
stupid and annoying
clinch him this year 's Razzie
climax and , worst of all
clichés .
feces
unimpressive
The script becomes lifeless and falls apart like a cheap lawn chair .
The script by Vincent R . Nebrida ... tries to cram too many ingredients into one small pot .
The script falls back on too many tried-and-true shenanigans that hardly distinguish it from the next teen comedy .
The script covers huge , heavy topics in a bland , surfacey way that does n't offer any insight into why , for instance , good things happen to bad people .
inside unnecessary films
unimaginative , nasty , glibly cynical piece
from films crammed with movie references
We hate ( Madonna ) within the film 's first five minutes , and she lacks the skill or presence to regain any ground .
We hate ( Madonna ) within the film 's first five minutes , and she lacks the skill or presence to regain any ground
We hate ( Madonna ) within the film 's first five minutes , and
We hate ( Madonna ) within the film 's first five minutes ,
We just do n't really care too much about this love story . In that setting , their struggle is simply too ludicrous and borderline insulting .
We miss the quirky amazement that used to come along for an integral part of the ride .
can get for a buck or so in that greasy little vidgame pit in the theater lobby
can get on television for free
except that it seems to take itself far more seriously .
in its characters ' frustrations
in its current incarnation , Storytelling never quite gets over its rather lopsided conception
damn it
wobbly
genre a bad name
genial but never inspired , and little
genres that just does n't work
genre a bad name .
women torn apart by a legacy of abuse
also does the absolute last thing we need Hollywood doing to us
also looking cheap
also unlistenable
also wilts after awhile
Sewer rats could watch this movie and be so skeeved out that they 'd need a shower .
Sewer rats
Sex With Strangers will shock many with its unblinking frankness . But what is missing from it all is a moral . What is the filmmakers ' point ? Why did they deem it necessary to document all this emotional misery
sank from quirky to jerky to utter turkey .
the same-old , lame-old slasher nonsense
Mira Sorvino 's limitations as a classical actress
Mira Sorvino 's limitations
Millions of dollars heaped upon a project of such vast proportions need to reap more rewards than spiffy bluescreen technique and stylish weaponry .
abandoned , but
thoughtful without having much dramatic impact
thoughtful dialogue elbowed aside by one-liners , and a visual style that incorporates rotoscope animation for no apparent reason except
threadbare standbys
The new faces are interesting , but the old story is n't , especially when it starts to seem more improvised than scripted
The nicest thing that can be said about Stealing Harvard ( which might have been called Freddy Gets Molested by a Dog )
The nicest thing that can be said about Stealing Harvard ( which might have been called Freddy Gets Molested by a Dog ) is that it 's not as obnoxious as Tom Green 's Freddie Got Fingered .
The noble tradition of men in drag hits an all-time low in Sorority Boys , whose makers apparently believe that women 's clothing can cover up any deficiency in acting , writing or direction .
The notion that bombing buildings is the funniest thing in the world
bitter Italian comedy
bit of piffle .
bitten off more than he or anyone else could chew
does the absolute last thing we need Hollywood doing to us
does so many of the little things right that it 's difficult not to cuss him out severely for bungling the big stuff
does too much meandering , Norton has to recite bland police procedural details , Fiennes wanders around in an attempt to seem weird and distanced
does the movie fail to make us part of its reality
does the field no favors
the yawning chasm where the plot should be
another routine Hollywood frightfest
another run-of-the-mill Disney sequel
another routine Hollywood frightfest in which the slack execution italicizes the absurdity of the premise
another self-consciously overwritten story about a rag-tag bunch of would-be characters that team up for a ca n't - miss heist -- only to have it all go wrong .
another run-of-the-mill Disney sequel intended for the home video market
and murder
are far worse messages to teach a young audience , which will probably be perfectly happy with the sloppy slapstick comedy
are far worse
that it seems the film should instead be called ` My Husband Is Travis Bickle '
aims for poetry and ends up sounding like satire
does n't know if it wants to be a retro-refitting exercise in campy recall for older fans or a silly , Nickelodeon-esque kiddie flick .
does n't know it 's a comedy
does n't have enough vices to merit its 103-minute length
does n't have much to say beyond the news
does n't have the necessary self-control to guide a loose , poorly structured film through the pitfalls of incoherence and redundancy
does n't have the necessary self-control to guide a loose , poorly structured film through the pitfalls of incoherence and redundancy .
does n't improve upon the experience of staring at a blank screen
Most of the storylines feel like time fillers between surf shots .
Most of the storylines feel like time fillers between surf shots . The movie is n't horrible , but you can see mediocre cresting on the next wave
financial extortion
, one which can only qualify as a terrible tragedy
vulgar dialogue and
vulgar dialogue
vulgar dialogue and a plot that crawls along at a snail 's pace
the film is so bleak that it 's hardly watchable
missing here
mistaking the fact that this hybrid misses the impact of the Disney classic , and even that of the excellent 1934 MGM version
mistakenly thought they could achieve an air of frantic spontaneity by simply tossing in lots of characters doing silly stuff and stirring the pot
`` The Dangerous Lives of Altar Boys '' has flaws , but
tragic deaths
it 's a real shame that so much of the movie -- again , as in The Animal -- is a slapdash mess .
it 's a lousy one at that
it 's a pretty listless collection of kid-movie clichés .
it 's a brazenly misguided project
it 's a conundrum not worth solving .
it 's a crime movie made by someone who obviously knows nothing about crime
get Carvey into as many silly costumes and deliver as many silly voices
get Carvey into as many silly costumes and
to be a freak show , too mercenary and obvious to be cerebral , too dull and pretentious to be engaging
of a wrong turn
is a subzero version of Monsters , Inc. ,
is a strangely drab romp .
of action movie excess while remaining heartless
is a smorgasbord of soliloquies about nothing delivered by the former Mr. Drew Barrymore
is a shapeless inconsequential move relying on the viewer to do most of the work .
is a strangely drab romp
is a smorgasbord of soliloquies about nothing delivered by the former Mr. Drew Barrymore .
it progresses in such a low-key manner that it risks monotony
it seeks to rely on an ambiguous presentation
it seems to lack substance .
the whole of Safe Conduct is less than the sum of its parts .
the weaknesses
cintas que pecan de pretenciosas y que resultan totalmente banales
some idea of the glum , numb experience of watching o fantasma
wimp
about the inability of dreams and aspirations
that Stealing Harvard is a horrible movie -- if only it were that grand a failure
movie nothing
movie directionless
trapped at a bad rock concert
decidedly uncinematic
decide if you need to see it
clutches his chest
clunker .
clumsy cliché
clue you in that something 's horribly wrong
tear ducts does n't mean it 's good enough for our girls
tawdry soap opera antics
tawdry B-movie flamboyance and grandiose spiritual anomie
tawdry B-movie scum
tawdry B-movie flamboyance
tear-drenched quicksand
like horrible poetry
basted in faux-contemporary gravy
While it is interesting to witness the conflict from the Palestinian side , Longley 's film lacks balance ... and fails to put the struggle into meaningful historical context .
bastard child
sulky
hour-and-a-half-long commercial
suffering Afghan refugees on the news
hotter-two-years-ago rap and R&B names and references
suffering
sudden violence
than a trashy cop buddy comedy
than a modem that disconnects every 10 seconds
than a recruitment film for future Hollywood sellouts
with miscast leads , banal dialogue and an absurdly overblown climax , killing me softly
this is the first film in a long time that made me want to bolt the theater in the first 10 minutes .
ultimately feels as flat as the scruffy sands of its titular community .
ultimately insignificant
ultimately flawed
ultimate thrills . Men in Black II achieves ultimate insignificance
ultimately lifeless
ultimately it 's undone by a sloppy script
'll see a better thriller this year
will object to the idea of a Vietnam picture with such a rah-rah , patriotic tone
frailties
thrown every suspenseful cliché in the book
thrown every suspenseful cliché in the book at this nonsensical story
through this frankly fantastical by-the-numbers B-flick with just a suspension of disbelief
throwback to long gone bottom-of-the-bill fare like The Ghost and Mr. Chicken .
through the B.S. giving a big middle-fingered `` shut up '' to those who talk up what is nothing more than two guys beating the hell outta one another
through the corporate stand-up-comedy mill
look at a slice of counterculture that might be best forgotten .
look at a slice of counterculture that might be best forgotten
it did n't entirely grab me
As literary desecrations go
As it is , it 's too long and unfocused
Frustratingly
is lightweight filmmaking ,
is lightweight filmmaking
is like a 1940s Warner Bros . B picture
is lightweight filmmaking , to be sure
the heavy-handed film
impossible romance
like a 95-minute commercial for NBA properties
much meandering , Norton has to recite bland police procedural details , Fiennes wanders around in an attempt to seem weird and distanced
is more likely to induce sleep than fright
is more likely to induce sleep than fright .
amateurishly
Windtalkers airs just about every cliche in the war movie compendium across its indulgent two-hour-and-fifteen-minute length .
A domestic melodrama with weak dialogue and biopic
A domestic melodrama with weak dialogue and biopic cliches .
drab and sordid
drab and
downward
downright unfree
down a familiar road with a few twists
more recyclable than
more recyclable
cartoonish performance
would be a film that is n't this painfully forced , false and fabricated
charmless witch
treads heavily into Romeo and Juliet\/West Side Story territory , where it plainly has no business going
characters who are either too goodly , wise and knowing or downright comically evil
characters who are sweet and believable , and are defeated by a screenplay that forces them into bizarre , implausible behavior
charitable it can only be seen as propaganda
the stunts in The Tuxedo seem tired and , what 's worse , routine
the subject matter goes nowhere .
the farrelly bros . -- peter and bobby -- and their brand of screen comedy are wheezing to an end , along with green 's half-hearted movie career
treads heavily
treading water at best in this forgettable effort
Too restrained to be a freak show , too mercenary and obvious to be cerebral , too dull and pretentious to be engaging ... The Isle defies an easy categorization
Too restrained to be a freak show , too mercenary and obvious to be cerebral , too dull and pretentious to be engaging ... The Isle defies an easy categorization .
Too restrained to be a freak show , too mercenary and obvious to be cerebral , too dull and pretentious to be engaging
Too restrained to be a freak show , too mercenary and obvious to be cerebral , too dull and pretentious to be engaging ...
Too often , the viewer is n't reacting to humor so much as they are wincing back in repugnance .
Too predictably
Too much of this well-acted but dangerously slow thriller feels like a preamble to a bigger , more complicated story , one that never materializes .
redundant concept
redundant , sloppy , over-the-top ,
reduces the complexities to bromides and slogans
reeked of a been-there , done-that sameness
Too silly to be frightening , too stolid to be funny
Too silly to be frightening , too stolid to be funny , it projects the same lazy affability as its nominal star , David Arquette .
ends with outtakes in which most of the characters forget their lines and just utter ` uhhh , ' which is better than most of the writing in the movie
ends with outtakes in which most of the characters forget their lines and just utter ` uhhh , ' which is better than most of the writing in the movie .
ends up selling his film short
endure instead of
it 's probably not accurate to call it a movie
it 's one of the worst of the entire franchise .
it 's simply crude and unrelentingly exploitative
from the Tinseltown assembly line
from the addition of a wholly unnecessary pre-credit sequence designed to give some of the characters a ` back story
from taking John Carpenter 's Ghosts of Mars and eliminating the beheadings
Rashomon-for-dipsticks
baseball movies that try too hard to be mythic
Ozpetek falls short in showing us Antonia 's true emotions
a hard time sitting through this one
cold , grey , antiseptic and
Serving Sara does n't distinguish itself from the herd
Serving Sara does n't serve up a whole lot of laughs .
Not so much farcical as sour .
cold , grey , antiseptic
Not only is entry number twenty the worst of the Brosnan bunch
Not only are the film 's Sopranos gags incredibly dated and unfunny , they also demonstrate how desperate the makers of this ` we 're - doing-it-for - the-cash ' sequel were .
Not only are the film 's Sopranos gags incredibly dated and unfunny
cold and dreary weather
Mediocre movies start to drag as soon as the action speeds up
Mediocre movies
this overheated melodrama plays like a student film .
this overheated melodrama
does n't pay
does n't pop Reese back
does n't overcome the tumult of maudlin tragedy
does n't overcome the tumult of maudlin tragedy .
does n't quite fly
does n't quite fly .
All the characters are stereotypes , and
All the characters are stereotypes , and their interaction is numbingly predictable
All the Queen 's Men is allegedly `` inspired '' was a lot funnier and more deftly enacted than what 's been cobbled together onscreen
All the characters are stereotypes ,
All the characters are stereotypes , and their interaction is numbingly predictable .
was more melodramatic
that goes nowhere and goes there very , very slowly
this might have been an eerie thriller
this listless feature
this loser
bitch
felt work about impossible , irrevocable choices and the price of making them .
between the artificial structure
bile
Takes one character we do n't like and another we do n't believe , and puts them into a battle of wills that is impossible to care about and is n't very funny
Talk To Her is not the perfect movie many have made it out to be
Talk To Her is not the perfect movie many have made it out to be ,
bloodbath
bloated effects
enough to make The Sound of Music play like a nail-biting thriller
does n't allow an earnest moment to pass without reminding audiences that it 's only a movie .
does n't allow an earnest moment to pass without reminding audiences that it 's only a movie
does n't add up to a whole lot .
does n't add up to a whole lot
of the most frantic , virulent and foul-natured Christmas season pics ever delivered by a Hollywood studio
of the most depressing movie-going experiences I can think of
finds it difficult to sustain interest in his profession after the family tragedy
finds a way to make J.K. Rowling 's marvelous series into a deadly bore
finds a way to make J.K. Rowling 's marvelous series into a deadly bore .
finds its humour in a black man getting humiliated by a pack of dogs who are smarter than him
hollow despair
look like they were borrowed from Gilligan 's Island
amazingly lame .
amazingly lame
always pulls it back
two signs that M. Night Shyamalan 's debut feature sucked up all he has to give to the mystic genres of cinema : Unbreakable and Signs
avoid the Godzilla sized soda
had gone a tad less for grit and a lot more for intelligibility
is weak .
is we never really see her Esther blossom as an actress , even though her talent is supposed to be growing .
is we never really see her Esther blossom as an actress , even though her talent is supposed to be growing
is weighed down by supporting characters who are either too goodly , wise and knowing or downright comically evil .
is weighed down by supporting characters who are either too goodly , wise and knowing or downright comically evil
puts the ` ick ' in ` classic .
the by now intolerable morbidity
the butt
nice vomit bath
the business of the greedy talent agents
nightmare date
its rather routine script
its questionable satirical ambivalence
a bit anachronistic .
a bit of a phony relationship
a bit melodramatic and even a little dated
a bit of a cheat in the end
insanely dysfunctional
funeral
, nothing good can happen
, not scarier
, nonconformist values , What to Do in Case of Fire ? lazily and glumly settles into a most traditional , reserved kind of filmmaking .
, nor why he keeps being cast in action films when none of them are ever any good
, nor are the uneven performances by the cast members , who seem bound and determined to duplicate Bela Lugosi 's now-cliched vampire accent .
` Unfaithful ' cheats on itself and retreats to comfortable territory .
a party political broadcast
inhuman
inhuman monster
inherent in the mixture of Bullock Bubble and Hugh Goo
to an air ball
the supposed injustices of the artistic world-at-large
the surprisingly shoddy makeup work
this loose collection of largely improvised numbers
this leaden comedy
this long-on-the-shelf , point-and-shoot exercise in gimmicky crime drama
ame and unnecessary .
, the movie is a disaster .
a whole bunch of Snowball 's cynicism to cut through the sugar coating .
sound great . \ \/ But Daphne , you 're too Buff \ \/ Fred thinks he 's tough \ \/ And Velma - wow , you 've lost weight
soulless hunk
soulless and ugly movies like this are the result . Let your silly childhood nostalgia slumber unmolested .
soulless and ugly movies like this are the result .
soulless and ugly movies
soul-killing as its title is nearly meaningless
soul-killing
it does . My only wish is that Celebi could take me back to a time before I saw this movie and
themselves are n't all that interesting
be not much more than a shaggy human tale
be not much more
be no clear path as to where the story 's going , or how long it 's going to take to get there
for , it certainly got lost in the '' soon-to-be-forgettable '' section of the quirky rip-off prison romp pile . It 's petty thievery
be on afternoon TV
be oblivious to the existence of this film
an alienated
be part of an insider clique , which tends to breed formulaic films rather than fresh ones
that cold-hearted snake Petrovich
is somewhat melodramatic
that cold-hearted snake Petrovich ( that would be Reno )
is predictable
taken away your car , your work-hours
At times a bit melodramatic and even a little dated ( depending upon where you live )
At times THE GUYS taps into some powerful emotions , but this kind of material is more effective on stage . It 's not a motion picture
At times THE GUYS taps into some powerful emotions , but this kind of material is more effective on stage . It 's not a motion picture ; it 's an utterly static picture
At times THE GUYS taps into some powerful emotions , but this kind of material is more effective on stage . It 's not a motion picture ; it 's an utterly static picture .
I have a feeling that I would have liked it much more if Harry & Tonto never existed
I have no way of knowing exactly how much is exaggeration , but
a bunch of other , better movies slapped together .
a bunch of Allied soldiers went undercover as women in a German factory during World War II ? Um , no . But here 's a movie about it anyway
a bunch of strung-together TV episodes
a bunch of typical late-twenty-somethings natter on about nothing
the things that prevent people from reaching happiness
like Max Rothman 's future , does not work .
like Slob City reductions of Damon Runyon crooks
particularly nightmarish
it feels like a glossy rehash .
it feels more like the pilot episode of a TV series than a feature film
it feels a bit long
it familiar and insufficiently cathartic
it fails
it fails to have a heart , mind or humor of its own
it even uses a totally unnecessary prologue , just because it seems obligatory
it eventually works its way up to merely bad rather than painfully awful .
There 's a scientific law to be discerned here that producers would be well to heed : Mediocre movies start to drag as soon as the action speeds up
overproduced and generally disappointing effort
so much that this arrogant Richard Pryor wannabe 's routine is offensive , puerile and unimaginatively foul-mouthed if it was at least funny
an old story
overplay the shock tactics and bait-and-tackle metaphors
overplotted
a gross-out monster movie with effects that are more silly than scary
to relying on the very digital technology that he fervently scorns , creating a meandering , inarticulate and ultimately disappointing film
so much of the movie -- again , as in The Animal -- is a slapdash mess
Auto Focus bears out as your typical junkie opera ...
push the envelope of bad taste for laughs
purposeless
become almost redundant to say so
of the heart , one which it fails to get
of the glum , numb experience of watching O Fantasma
A misogynistic piece
might have been titled ` the loud and the ludicrous '
Coughs and sputters
Coughs and sputters on its own postmodern conceit .
Coughs and sputters on its own postmodern conceit
Could The Country Bears really be as bad as its trailers ? In a word -- yes .
Could The Country Bears really be as bad as its trailers ? In a word -- yes
, movies like Ghost Ship will be used as analgesic balm for overstimulated minds .
, mind-numbingly bad .
, mind-numbingly , indescribably bad
so packed with subplots involving the various Silbersteins that it feels more like the pilot episode of a TV series than a feature film
you wish that the movie had worked a little harder to conceal its contrivances
wo n't get through this frankly fantastical by-the-numbers B-flick with just a suspension of disbelief . Rather
populating its hackneyed and meanspirited storyline with cardboard characters and performers who
populated by whiny , pathetic , starving and untalented artistes
mind having my heartstrings pulled , but do n't treat me like a fool
mimicry
mind-destroying cinematic pollution
mind-destroying
mind-numbingly lengthy riff
mind-numbingly bad
mindless action
mindless XXX mold
By the time we learn that Andrew 's Turnabout Is Fair Play is every bit as awful as Borchardt 's Coven
a stab at soccer hooliganism , a double-barreled rip-off of Quentin Tarantino 's climactic shootout
a stab at soccer hooliganism , a double-barreled rip-off of Quentin Tarantino 's climactic shootout --
a stab at soccer hooliganism , a double-barreled rip-off of Quentin Tarantino 's climactic shootout -- and
a stale copy
a stale copy of a picture that was n't all that great to begin with
seems like some futile concoction that was developed hastily after Oedekerk
reach for a barf bag
re-working to show more of the dilemma , rather than have his characters stage shouting
reach a truly annoying pitch
at a slice of counterculture that might be best forgotten
at an idea that should 've been so much more even if it was only made for teenage boys and wrestling fans
seems just as expectant of an adoring , wide-smiling reception
the inanities of the contemporary music business
the inanities of the contemporary music business and a rather sad story of the difficulties
seem twice as long
seems more tacky and reprehensible , manipulating our collective fear without bestowing the subject with the intelligence or sincerity it unequivocally deserves
Fortunately for all involved , this movie is likely to disappear as quickly as an ice cube thrown into a pot of boiling water .
For the rest of us , sitting through Dahmer 's two hours amounts to little more than punishment .
Formuliac
Perhaps the grossest movie ever made .
Peter Kosminsky never get the audience to break through the wall her character erects
Kaufman 's imagination has failed him .
Kate 's jealous female friends become downright despicable
Sandra Bullock and
cheesy effects
cheesy effects and a hoary plot
even the most cynical curmudgeon
even the most cynical curmudgeon with
this movie is a phlegmatic bore , so tedious it makes the silly spy vs . spy film The Sum of All Fears ,
seems suited neither to kids or adults .
this movie is hopeless
unlikable , uninteresting , unfunny ,
Never comes together as a coherent whole .
Never engaging
Nervous breakdowns are not entertaining .
Nemesis meekly goes where nearly every Star Trek movie has gone before
Never Again swings between false sentiment and unfunny madcap comedy and , along the way , expects the audience to invest in the central relationship as some kind of marriage of true minds .
A lame romantic comedy about an unsympathetic character and someone who would not likely be so stupid as to get involved with her .
A lame romantic comedy about an unsympathetic character and someone who would not likely be so stupid as to get
A lame romantic comedy
A light , engaging comedy that fumbles away almost all of its accumulated enjoyment with a crucial third act miscalculation .
how this gets us in trouble
as bad as
how this gets us in trouble .
It 's crap on a leash -- far too polite to scale the lunatic heights of Joe Dante 's similarly styled Gremlins .
It 's definitely not made for kids or their parents , for that matter
It 's definitely not made for kids or their parents , for that matter , and
It 's definitely not made for kids or their parents , for that matter ,
It 's definitely not made for kids or their parents , for that matter , and I think even fans of Sandler 's comic taste may find it uninteresting .
It 's definitely not made for kids or their parents , for that matter , and I think even fans of Sandler 's comic taste may find it uninteresting
at the expense of those who paid for it and those who pay to see it
unlikable , uninteresting , unfunny , and
seemed too pat and familiar to hold my interest
unlikable , uninteresting , unfunny , and completely , utterly inept
in this run-of-the-mill vehicle
for no apparent reason except
for serious
unlikable , uninteresting , unfunny , and completely ,
after drinking twelve beers
Wal-Mart checkout line
this is a film for the under-7 crowd . But it would be better to wait for the video . And a very rainy day
good intentions leads to the video store ''
as appalling as any ` comedy '
may not be a great piece of filmmaking
may not be a straightforward bio
may leave you rolling your eyes in the dark
may never again
this is a film for the under-7 crowd . But it would be better to wait for the video . And a very rainy day .
'd need a shower
'd have to dig pretty deep to uncover it
managed to find something new to add to the canon of Chan . Make Chan 's action sequences boring
'd hoped the movie would avoid
an ungainly
an ungainly movie ,
an ungainly movie
an ungainly movie , ill-fitting ,
an ungainly movie , ill-fitting
an unimaginative
an ungainly movie , ill-fitting , with its elbows sticking out where the knees should be
that beneath the hype , the celebrity , the high life , the conspiracies and the mystery there were once a couple of bright young men -- promising , talented , charismatic and tragically doomed
ick
ick '
icky
the shameless self-caricature of ` Analyze This ' ( 1999 ) and ` Analyze That , ' promised ( or threatened ) for later this year
the shameless self-caricature of ` Analyze This ' ( 1999 ) and
the shameless self-caricature of ` Analyze This ' ( 1999 )
the silly showdown
it would fit Chan like a $ 99 bargain-basement special .
is too much of a plunge
is trash
proves that not only blockbusters pollute the summer movie pool .
irredeemably awful
ironically has little to do with the story , which becomes something about how lame it is to try and evade your responsibilities and that you should never , ever , leave a large dog alone with a toddler .
irrelevant as on the engaging , which gradually turns What
irredeemably awful .
provide a mix of smiles and tears , '' Crossroads '' instead provokes
provide scant reason
surrealist
surrounding himself with untalented people
that everlasting conundrum
told and retold
is all over the place
is advised to take the warning literally , and log on to something more user-friendly .
is advised to take the warning literally , and log on to something more user-friendly
is all over the place , really .
is all over the place , really
just do it , instead of using bad sci-fi as window dressing
crass and insulting homage
crass and insulting
crassly flamboyant
keeps things interesting , but do n't go out of your way to pay full price .
crass , jaded movie types
crass , jaded
crass , jaded movie types and the phony baloney movie biz
disgusted with this material
only obscure the message
only now it 's begun to split up so that it can do even more damage
only in making me groggy
message-mongering moralism
past the fantastical aspects and harsh
one of the hapless victims of the arrogant
one of those movies that 's so bad it starts to become good
one of those crass , contrived sequels that not only fails on its own , but makes you second-guess your affection for the original
the plot so bland that even as rogue CIA assassins working for Chris Cooper 's agency boss close in on the resourceful amnesiac , we do n't feel much for Damon\/Bourne or his predicament
worked last time ,
mess .
the irresponsible
Disappointingly , the characters are too strange and dysfunctional , Tom included , to ever get under the skin ,
Disappointingly
Disappointingly , the characters are too strange and dysfunctional , Tom included , to ever get under the skin
Discursive
Disappointingly , the characters are too strange and dysfunctional , Tom included , to ever get under the skin , but this is compensated in large part by the off-the-wall dialogue , visual playfulness and the outlandishness of the idea itself
most impossibly dry account
most painfully marginal
the content is n't nearly as captivating as the rowdy participants think it is
A silly , self-indulgent film
such as skateboarder Tony Hawk or BMX rider Mat Hoffman , are about a half dozen young Turks angling to see how many times they can work the words '' radical '' or '' suck '' into a sentence .
such blatant and sickening product placement
such patronising reverence
such self-amused trash
such superficial treatment
though Jay Roach directed the film from the back of a taxicab
should have gotten more out of it than you did
your taste runs to ` difficult ' films
pass off its lack of imagination
pass off its lack of imagination as hip knowingness
pass this stinker
giving the whole thing a dirty , tasteless feel
glacier-paced direction
weighed down with agonizing contrivances , overheated pathos and long , wistful gazes
a hard-to-swallow premise
gets over its own investment in conventional arrangements
The story 's pathetic
The story 's pathetic and
weighed down with agonizing contrivances , overheated pathos and
A graceless , witless attempt at mating Some Like It Hot with the WWII espionage thriller .
A graceless , witless attempt at mating Some Like It Hot with the WWII espionage thriller
A graceless ,
A graceless
A great ending does n't make up for a weak movie ,
a heavy-handed indictment
popped up with more mindless drivel
pop up in a cinematic year already littered with celluloid garbage
immature character
immerse you in sheer , unrelenting wretchedness
imminently forgettable
souvlaki can you take before indigestion sets in
, freshened up by the dunce of a Screenwriting 101 class .
, for one reason or another , Crush turns into a dire drama partway through .
, flee .
, for a movie that tries to be smart , it 's kinda dumb .
gross-out contests
gross-out gags
The tug-of-war at the core of Beijing Bicycle becomes weighed down with agonizing contrivances , overheated pathos and long , wistful gazes .
The twist that ends the movie is the one with the most emotional resonance , but twists are getting irritating
The twist that ends the movie is the one with the most emotional resonance , but twists are getting irritating , and
The twist that ends the movie is the one with the most emotional resonance , but twists are getting irritating , and this is the kind of material where the filmmakers should be very careful about raising eyebrows
repressed teenage memories
repressed
the unsettled tenor
the picture 's cleverness is ironically muted by the very people who are intended to make it shine .
pokes fun at the same easy targets as other rowdy raunch-fests -- farts , boobs , unmentionables -- without much success .
pokes fun at the same easy targets as other rowdy raunch-fests -- farts , boobs , unmentionables -- without much success
pointless mayhem
points as it races to the finish line proves simply too discouraging to let slide
pointless extremes
we just get messy anger , a movie as personal therapy .
saucer-eyed , downy-cheeked moppets
say that it 's slow at times
say that a few of the characters act in ways that real people would n't
chatty fish
chases , this movie is a phlegmatic bore , so tedious it makes the silly spy vs . spy film The Sum of All Fears ,
chases , this movie is a phlegmatic bore , so tedious it makes the silly spy vs . spy film The Sum of All Fears , starring Ben Affleck
cheap , graceless , hackneyed sci-fi serials
cheap , graceless , hackneyed
as such the film has a difficult time shaking its blair witch project real-time roots
as they may , lawrence unleashes his trademark misogyny -- er , comedy -- like a human volcano or an overflowing septic tank , take your pick
of how uncompelling the movie is unless it happens to cover your particular area of interest
of how very bad a motion picture can truly be
about Sorority Boys
relies on predictable plot contrivances
directs The Pianist like a surgeon mends a broken heart ; very meticulously but without any passion .
showy
I ca n't see why any actor of talent would ever work in a McCulloch production again if they looked at how this movie turned out .
disappointed in the relative modesty of a movie that sports a ` topless tutorial service
's released , and will not be remembered long afterwards
slapping its target audience in the face
I ca n't remember the last time I saw worse stunt editing or cheaper action movie production values than in Extreme Ops .
of the pool with an utterly incompetent conclusion
have a résumé loaded with credits like `` Girl in Bar # 3
have a tendency to slip into hokum
Jackson shamefully strolls through this mess with a smug grin , inexplicably wearing a kilt and carrying a bag of golf clubs over one shoulder .
Jacquot 's rendering of Puccini 's tale of devotion and double-cross is more than just a filmed opera . In his first stab at the form , Jacquot takes a slightly anarchic approach that works only sporadically .
struggling
mad
stuck in Heaven because He 's afraid of His best-known creation ?
M. Night Shyamalan 's debut feature sucked up all he has to give to the mystic genres of cinema
is too calm and thoughtful for agitprop , and the thinness of its characterizations makes it a failure as straight drama . '
is too calm and thoughtful for agitprop , and the thinness of its characterizations makes it a failure as straight drama .
is too calm and thoughtful for agitprop ,
is too calm and thoughtful for agitprop , and the thinness of its characterizations makes it a failure as straight drama
is too calm and thoughtful for agitprop , and the thinness of its characterizations
is to substitute plot for personality .
this Cinderella story does n't have a single surprise up its sleeve .
the problem is the needlessly poor quality of its archival prints and film footage . the images
A movie you observe , rather than one you enter into .
A movie where story is almost an afterthought
A movie where story is almost an afterthought amidst a swirl of colors and inexplicable events .
A movie so bad that it quickly enters the pantheon of wreckage that includes Battlefield Earth and Showgirls .
will not go down in the annals of cinema as one of the great submarine stories
will not be able to stomach so much tongue-in-cheek weirdness
It 's hard to believe that something so short could be so flabby .
It 's hard to care about a film that proposes as epic tragedy the plight of a callow rich boy who is forced to choose between his beautiful , self-satisfied 22-year-old girlfriend and an equally beautiful , self-satisfied 18-year-old mistress .
It 's hard to imagine another director ever making his wife look so bad in a major movie .
is intriguing but quickly becomes distasteful and downright creepy
is intriguing but quickly becomes distasteful and downright creepy .
is ironically just the sort of disposable , kitchen-sink homage that illustrates why the whole is so often less than the sum of its parts in today 's Hollywood
the cheap
the cheap , graceless , hackneyed sci-fi serials of the '30s and '40s
the cheap , graceless , hackneyed sci-fi serials
the cheesiest
the rough waters of contradiction
And people make fun of me for liking Showgirls .
Distances you
It is a film that will have people walking out halfway through
will not be for much longer
lacking in substance ,
lacking in substance
lack the nerve ...
lack the nerve
lack the nerve ... to fully exploit the script 's potential for sick humor .
lack the nerve ... to fully exploit the script 's potential for sick humor
lack-of-attention span
lack-of-attention
lacking a depth in storytelling usually found in anime like this
lacking a depth
will not appeal to the impatient
not particularly flattering spotlight
not particularly
A strangely
the movie 's accumulated force still feels like an ugly knot tightening in your stomach . but is that knot from dramatic tension or a symptom of artistic malnutrition ?
kill-by-numbers
kill-by-numbers flick
killers and stalk 'n'
unable to save the movie
is an ` action film ' mired in stasis
is also eminently forgettable .
The satire is just too easy to be genuinely satisfying .
but a pale imitation of the real deal
The satire is unfocused , while the story goes nowhere .
in nearly every scene , but to diminishing effect
Bond knock-offs
to look at while you wait for the story to get going
numbing action sequence made up mostly of routine stuff Yuen has given us before .
could n't find stardom if MapQuest emailed him point-to-point driving directions .
numbing . Proof of this is Ballistic : Ecks vs . Sever
the movie 's downfall
could n't find stardom if MapQuest emailed him point-to-point driving directions
a fairly slow paced , almost humdrum approach to character development
a fairly slow paced
a fairly slow paced ,
to play one lewd scene after another . About half of them are funny , a few are sexy and none are useful in telling the story , which is paper-thin and decidedly unoriginal
to play Hannibal Lecter again , even though Harris has no immediate inclination to provide a fourth book
to place most of the psychological and philosophical material in italics rather than trust an audience 's intelligence
we have a bad , bad , bad movie
could n't help but feel the wasted potential of this slapstick comedy .
wish Windtalkers had had more faith in the dramatic potential of this true story . This would have been better than the fiction it has concocted , and there still could have been room for the war scenes
sticks , really , except a lingering creepiness one feels from being dragged through a sad , sordid universe of guns , drugs , avarice and damaged dreams
would have been better than the fiction
stereotypes that gives the ( teen comedy )
sterotypes
stick figures reading lines from a TelePrompTer
cliche with little new added .
cliches , painful improbability
cliches , painful improbability and
the highly predictable narrative
the highly predictable narrative falls short
plays out with the drowsy heaviness of synchronized swimmer wearing a wool wetsuit
tattered and ugly past
plays like some weird Masterpiece Theater sketch with neither
tattered
their heads were is anyone 's guess
hugely overwritten
no great love for the original
no great love
no good jokes , no good scenes , barely a moment
no good jokes , no good scenes ,
no good scenes
no good jokes , no good scenes , barely a moment when Carvey 's Saturday Night Live-honed mimicry rises above the level of embarrassment
bully
low-budget series
low-key , 102-minute infomercial
low rate Annie
low-brow
many infuriating flaws
rings false
all comes down to whether you can tolerate Leon Barlow .
deeply biased , and wholly designed to make you feel guilty about ignoring what the filmmakers clearly believe
defeated by a screenplay that forces them into bizarre , implausible behavior
defeats the possibility of creating a more darkly edged tome
I skipped Country Bears
I still want my money back .
ultimately tragic
to invest their hard-earned bucks into a movie which obviously did n't invest much into itself either
, ends on the protagonist 's death bed and does n't get much livelier in the three hours in between .
, embarrassing movie
, dull thriller
, dramatized PBS program
, dysfunctional and destructive
, dumb action movie
American Chai encourages rueful laughter at stereotypes only an Indian-American would recognize . And the lesson , in the end , is nothing new
American Chai encourages rueful laughter at stereotypes only an Indian-American would recognize .
gimmicky instead of compelling
ghoulish as the first and trains not as big as the second
The humor is forced and heavy-handed , and occasionally simply unpleasant .
The first Fatal Attraction was vile enough . Do we really need the Tiger Beat version ?
The furious coherence that ( DeNiro ) brings to this part only underscores the fuzzy sentimentality of the movie itself , which feels , as it plods toward the end , less like a movie than like the filmed reading of a script in need of polishing .
The heavy-handed film is almost laughable as a consequence .
marginal
a phony relationship
long , slow and dreary
nonprofessional
This remake of Lina Wertmuller 's 1975 eroti-comedy might just be the biggest husband-and-wife disaster since John and Bo Derek made the ridiculous Bolero .
This remake of Lina Wertmuller 's 1975 eroti-comedy might just be the biggest husband-and-wife disaster since John and Bo Derek made the ridiculous Bolero
This remake of Lina Wertmuller 's 1975 eroti-comedy might just be the biggest husband-and-wife disaster since John and
This remake of Lina Wertmuller 's 1975 eroti-comedy might just be the biggest husband-and-wife disaster since John
a rushed , slapdash , sequel-for-the-sake - of-a-sequel
trashy time
which has been held hostage by generic scripts that seek to remake Sleepless in Seattle again and again
Bible stores of the potential for sanctimoniousness
, overblown enterprise
Occasionally interesting but essentially unpersuasive
Obvious politics and rudimentary animation
Obstacles are too easily overcome and there is n't much in the way of character development in the script .
I 'm not a fan of the phrase ` life affirming ' because it usually means ` schmaltzy , '
I 'm not even a fan of the genre
I 'm not exactly sure what -- and has all the dramatic weight of a raindrop
A superfluous sequel ... plagued by that old familiar feeling of ` let 's get this thing over with ' : Everyone has shown up at the appointed time and place
self-deprecating
self-aware in its dumbness
A superfluous sequel ... plagued by that old familiar feeling of ` let 's get this thing over with '
for the big-fisted direction of Jez Butterworth , who manages to blast even the smallest sensitivities from the romance with his clamorous approach
Yvan 's rambunctious , Jewish sister and her non-Jew husband
respond by hitting on each other .
A sugar-coated Rocky whose valuable messages are forgotten 10 minutes after the last trombone honks .
story is almost an afterthought
story for those intolerant of the more common saccharine genre
Reggio and Glass so rhapsodize cynicism , with repetition and languorous slo-mo sequences , that Glass 's dirgelike score becomes a fang-baring lullaby .
Plays like one of those conversations that Comic Book Guy on `` The Simpsons '' has .
Plays like John Le Carré with a couple of burnt-out cylinders .
Pinocchio he directed , cowrote and starred in borders on the grotesque .
sad-sack
major waste
did n't entirely grab me
make J.K. Rowling 's marvelous series into a deadly bore
we keep seeing the same movie with roughly the same people every year
The creative animation work may not look as fully ` rendered ' as Pixar 's industry standard ,
a dysfunctional parent-child relationship
a dumb comedy
his character 's deceptions ultimately undo him
, Auto Focus bears out as your typical junkie opera ...
subjecting its audience and characters to action that feels not only manufactured , but also so false you can see the filmmakers ' puppet strings
subjected to one mind-numbingly lengthy riff on poo and pee jokes after another
sub-aquatic mess
that Celebi could take me back to a time before I saw this movie
follow the stale , standard , connect-the-dots storyline which has become commonplace in movies that explore the seamy underbelly of the criminal world
make 'em like that
that , its title notwithstanding , should have been a lot nastier
be warned
swings between false sentiment and unfunny madcap comedy and , along the way , expects the audience to invest in the central relationship as some kind of marriage of true minds
hollow
hoity-toity
hits new depths of unoriginality and predictability
swings annoyingly between vertigo and opacity
swings annoyingly
's also not smart or barbed enough for older viewers
's always disappointing when a documentary fails to live up to -- or offer any new insight into -- its chosen topic .
's almost as if it 's an elaborate dare more than a full-blooded film .
's already a joke in the United States
's already done way too often
's also built on a faulty premise , one it follows into melodrama and silliness .
's also drab and inert
's also far from being a realized work
turns out to be a pretty fair description of how you feel while you 're watching this ultra-manipulative thriller .
turns numbingly dull-witted and disquietingly creepy .
turns out to be a cheap knockoff
turns out to be cleverer , better written and of considerable more interest than the finished film , that 's a bad sign . A very bad sign
turns out to be cleverer , better written and of considerable more interest than the finished film , that 's a bad sign . A very bad sign .
turns out to be as ill-starred as you might expect
turns out to be as ill-starred as you might expect .
turns out to be neither funny nor provocative - only dull
turns out to be neither funny nor provocative - only dull .
hope Britney wo n't do it one more time , as far as
is a copy of a copy of a copy
is a crime that should be punishable by chainsaw
worst -- and only --
worst -- and only -- killer website movie
worse : the poor acting by the ensemble cast , the flat dialogue by Vincent R. Nebrida or the gutless direction by Laurice Guillen
wildly overproduced , inadequately motivated every step
bratty for sympathy , and as the film
A sleep-inducingly slow-paced crime drama
A surprisingly flat retread , hobbled by half-baked setups and sluggish pacing .
A sub-formulaic slap in the face to seasonal cheer .
wildly uneven hit-and-miss enterprise
and -- sadly -- dull
and , perhaps paradoxically , illuminated
wildly careening tone
wildly overproduced
wildly overproduced ,
underwritten by the NBA
modernize it with encomia to diversity and tolerance
a long and clunky ending
a long and clunky ending ...
a long , convoluted ploy
a lock on the title of ugliest movie of the year
a loathsome movie
a lobotomized Woody Allen
that it makes My Big Fat Greek Wedding look like an apartheid drama
speaks more of the season than the picture
too long , too cutesy , too sure of its own importance , and possessed
sourness
wildly uneven movie
to make something out of Ellis ' nothing novel
for bug-eyed mugging and gay-niche condescension
A collage of clichés and a dim
A clichéd and shallow cautionary tale
A clutchy , indulgent and pretentious travelogue and diatribe against ... well , just stuff .
A clutchy , indulgent and pretentious travelogue and diatribe against ... well , just stuff
A clichéd and shallow cautionary tale about the hard-partying lives of gay men .
A clichéd and shallow cautionary tale about the hard-partying
sets a new benchmark for lameness
Very bad
Verbinski substitutes atmosphere for action , tedium for thrills .
Verbinski substitutes atmosphere for action
Verbinski implements every hack-artist trick to give us the ooky-spookies .
Vera 's technical prowess ends up selling his film short ; he smoothes over hard truths even as he uncovers them .
Vera 's technical prowess ends up selling his film short ; he smoothes over hard truths even as he uncovers them
Vera 's technical prowess ends up selling his film short ;
that it is made up of three episodes of a rejected TV show
downright comically evil
down-and-dirty
down to whether you can tolerate Leon Barlow . I ca n't
that does n't clue you in that something 's horribly wrong , nothing will
drab and inert
too dry and too placid
that does n't even in passing mention political prisoners , poverty and the boat loads of people who try to escape the country
with absolutely no meaning , and no desire
that does n't mean it still wo n't feel like the longest 90 minutes of your movie-going life
with a bang , but then fizzles like a wet stick of dynamite at the very end .
freaks
frazzled wackiness and frayed satire
frazzled wackiness and
frayed satire
freakshow
agony
agonizing , Catch-22
ai n't what it used to be
a best-selling writer of self-help books who ca n't help herself
a better satiric target
a better movie than what Bailly manages to deliver
a better celebration of these unfairly dismissed heroes would be a film that is n't this painfully forced , false and fabricated .
Dilbert without the right-on satiric humor
Since when did dumb entertainment
Simply a re-hash of the other seven films .
Simply a re-hash of the other seven films
that makes you feel like you 're watching an iceberg melt -- only
short of a travesty of a transvestite comedy
wo n't be remembered as one of ( Witherspoon 's ) better films
vaguely discontented woman
shootings , beatings
shooting blanks
shallow and glib
Oscar caliber cast does n't live up to material
racism and
racism and homophobia
Overly long
Overall tomfoolery like this is a matter of taste .
experience I 've had since '' Ca n't Stop The Music . '' It may as well be called '' Jar-Jar Binks : The Movie . '' It 's that painful .
experienced by Southern blacks as distilled through a Caucasian perspective
drabness
a painful elegy and
doze off thirty minutes into the film
doze off thirty minutes
downright silly
downright repellent
downright despicable
that malarkey
as Ken
think of this dog of a movie as the cinematic equivalent of high humidity .
think of this dog of a movie
think of this dog of a movie as the cinematic equivalent of high humidity
rude and profane
rubbish that is listless , witless , and devoid of anything resembling humor .
rubbish that is listless , witless , and devoid of anything resembling humor
rude and
royally screwed
rubbish
rubber-face routine
I 'm sure the filmmaker would disagree , but , honestly , I do n't see the point . It 's a visual Rorschach test and
I 'm sure the filmmaker would disagree , but , honestly , I do n't see the point . It 's a visual Rorschach test and I must have failed
I 'm sure the filmmaker would disagree , but , honestly , I do n't see the point . It 's a visual Rorschach test
I 'm sure the filmmaker would disagree , but , honestly , I do n't see the point . It 's a visual Rorschach test and I must have failed .
It 's mired in a shabby script that piles layer upon layer of Action Man cliché atop wooden dialogue and a shifting tone that falls far short of the peculiarly moral amorality of ( Woo 's ) best work .
It 's like going to a house party and watching the host defend himself against a frothing ex-girlfriend .
, it just sits there like a side dish no one ordered .
, Mr. Murray , a prolific director of music videos , stuffs his debut with more plot than it can comfortably hold .
, Mr. Montias is n't nearly as good to his crew as he is as a director or actor .
and inconsistencies
, it is quite possibly the sturdiest example yet of why the DV revolution has cheapened the artistry of making a film .
the dark areas of parent-child relationships
fairly slow paced
fairly slow
fairly parochial melodrama
fairly uneventful and
fairly uneventful
his showboating wise-cracker stock persona sure is getting old .
self-indulgent and just plain
becomes an enemy to his own race
what 's missing in murder by numbers is any real psychological grounding for the teens ' deviant behavior . being latently gay and liking to read are hardly enough .
what 's missing in murder by numbers is any real psychological grounding for the teens ' deviant behavior . being latently gay and liking to read are hardly enough
what 's missing in murder by numbers is any real psychological grounding for the teens ' deviant behavior . being latently gay and liking to read
, this girl-woman who sincerely believes she can thwart the world 's misery with blind good will
, this fourth animated movie in four years wo n't convert you
what 's the point ?
, this reconfigured tale asks disturbing questions about those things we expect from military epics .
you could just rent those movies instead , let alone seek out a respectable new one
you discount its ability to bore
what 's next ... ghost blimp
self-promotion
It 's slow -- very , very slow . It 's not the ultimate Depression-era gangster movie . That 's pure PR hype .
It 's so bad it 's good , but only if you slide in on a freebie
It 's slow --
It 's slow -- very , very slow . It 's not the ultimate Depression-era gangster movie . That 's pure PR hype
It 's so crammed with scenes and vistas and pretty moments that it 's left a few crucial things out , like character development and coherence .
It 's so full of wrong choices that all you can do is shake your head in disbelief -- and worry about what classic Oliver Parker intends to mangle next time .
It 's so badly made on every level that I 'm actually having a hard time believing people were paid to make it .
was unable to reproduce the special spark between the characters that made the first film such a delight
It 's so mediocre , despite the dynamic duo on the marquee , that we just ca n't get no satisfaction .
It 's so underwritten that you ca n't figure out just where the other characters , including Ana 's father and grandfather , come down on the issue of Ana 's future .
was trying to decide what annoyed me most about God is Great
has its handful of redeeming features , as long as you discount its ability to bore .
is just hectic and homiletic
is just as ill-fitting as Shadyac 's perfunctory directing chops
is just as likely to blacken that organ with cold vengefulness
is just as likely to blacken that organ with cold vengefulness .
is just as obvious as telling a country skunk
is just as obvious as telling a country skunk that he has severe body odor
is just as obvious as telling a country skunk that he has severe body odor .
us too drunk on the party favors to sober us up with the transparent attempts at moralizing
too loud
that chides the absurdity of its protagonist 's plight
that could have been a reject from Monty Python 's Meaning of Life
in Case of Fire
a Hollywood satire but winds up as the kind of film that should be the target of something
in 2002 , such revelations wilt .
bungle their way
that can be snide
There are times when A Rumor of Angels plays like an extended episode of Touched by an Angel -- a little too much dancing , a few too many weeping scenes -- but
jackson tries to keep the plates spinning as best he can , but all the bouncing back and forth ca n't help but become a bit tedious -- even with the breathtaking landscapes and villainous varmints there to distract you from the ricocheting .
increasingly disturbed
incomprehensible
incompetent , incoherent or just plain crap
incompetent , incoherent or
inconsequential move
visually flashy but narratively opaque and emotionally vapid
were made for the palm screen
may work as an addictive guilty pleasure but the material never overcomes its questionable satirical ambivalence
may work as an addictive guilty pleasure but the material never overcomes its questionable satirical ambivalence .
may scream low budget
may not mark Mr. Twohy 's emergence into the mainstream
watching this film nearly provoked me to take my own life . And if The Hours wins ` Best Picture ' I just might .
maybe `` How will you feel after an 88-minute rip-off of The Rock with action confined to slo-mo gun firing and random glass-shattering ? ''
, an Italian superstar and aspiring directress who just happens to be her own worst enemy
Possibly the most irresponsible picture ever released by a major film studio .
watching this waste of time
of carefully choreographed atrocities , which become strangely impersonal and abstract
to bolt the theater in the first 10 minutes
Retard 101
to bigoted views
to believe these jokers are supposed to have pulled off four similar kidnappings before
to bludgeon myself unconscious
to blend politics and drama , an admirable ambition . It 's too bad that the helping hand he uses to stir his ingredients is also a heavy one
B-movie
water ' story . You 've seen them a million times . Just one problem : Fish out of water usually die .
masquerade ball where normally good actors , even Kingsley , are made to look bad
masquerade ball where normally good actors , even Kingsley , are made to look bad .
masochistic
masochistic moviegoers
in their recklessness
be me : fighting off the urge to doze
be made for a different film altogether
be made by African-Americans because of its broad racial insensitivity towards African-Americans
buying into sham truths and routine '' indie '' filmmaking , Freundlich has made just another safe movie
butchered
folds under its own thinness
most improbable feat ? It did n't go straight to video
most likely to find on the next inevitable incarnation of The Love Boat
folds under its own thinness .
most generic
most horrific movie
most ill-conceived
most ill-conceived animated comedy
most improbable
that makes you wonder about changing the director and writer 's diapers
that makes the film seem like something to endure instead of enjoy
that manages to do virtually everything wrong
an otherwise appalling , and downright creepy , subject --
some of the worst dialogue
some of the more overtly silly dialogue would sink Laurence Olivier
some of the most poorly staged and lit action in memory
some of the more overtly silly dialogue
, wound-licking , bar-scrapping doggedness
as bad as its trailers ?
the ` true story ' by which All the Queen 's Men is allegedly `` inspired '' was a lot funnier and more deftly enacted than what 's been cobbled together onscreen
the `` Miami Vice '' checklist
tepid films like Dragonfly tossed at them
tends to breed formulaic films rather than fresh ones
tends to over-romanticize the spiritual desolation of the struggling artiste
this ready-made midnight movie probably wo n't stand the cold light of day ,
tepid waste
tepid genre offering
this ready-made midnight movie
fails on its own ,
fails on its own
muddled and
failed to capture me .
failed to capture me
failed narrative
fail to make us part of its reality
fails loudly in execution
fails by spinning out of control
fails .
failing to exploit them
'' ... something appears to have been lost in the translation this time . The Importance of Being Earnest movie seems to be missing a great deal of the acerbic repartee of the play . ''
'' Hey , the movie about the baseball-playing monkey was worse . ''
a tired , talky feel
( The film 's ) taste for `` shock humor '' will wear thin on all but
jerky
wore out its welcome well before the end credits rolled about 45 minutes in
the outdated clothes and plastic knickknacks
the otherwise calculated artifice that defines and overwhelms the film 's production design
the outdated swagger of a shameless '70s blaxploitation shuck-and-jive sitcom
the outdated swagger
this film is by lowering your expectations .
this film , which is often preachy and poorly acted
are so old-fashioned
are so overstated
is almost nothing in this flat effort that will amuse or entertain them , either
is all too predictable and far too cliched to really work
are simply named The Husband , The Wife and The Kidnapper , emphasizing the disappointingly generic nature of the entire effort
are simply too bland to be interesting
are simply too bland to be interesting .
are small and easily overshadowed by its predictability
is also as unoriginal as they come , already having been recycled more times than I 'd care to count
wish the movie were less simplistic , obvious , clumsily plotted and shallowly characterized
wind up as glum as Mr. De Niro
why it fails
overstimulated minds
contrivance , as artificial as the video games Japanese teens play
contrived banter
contrived nonsense
controlled display of murderous vulnerability ensures that malice has a very human face .
like it does . My only wish is that Celebi could take me back to a time before I saw this movie and I could just skip it
like its title character , is repellantly out of control .
to have you scratching your head than hiding under your seat .
to have ransacked every old World War II movie for overly familiar material
all-over-the-map movie would be a lot better if it pared down its plots and characters to a few rather than dozens ... or if it were subtler ... or if it had a sense of humor .
equals the sum of its pretensions
equals the sum of its pretensions .
druggy
drowsy drama
drowsy
drowned me in boredom .
's depression
At least one scene is so disgusting that viewers may be hard pressed to retain their lunch .
Audacious-impossible
a good name for a movie this delibrately obtuse and unapproachable .
a good performance in a film that does n't merit it
a grab bag of genres that do n't add up to a whole lot of sense
it surrenders to a formulaic bang-bang , shoot-em-up scene at the conclusion
the extensive use of stock footage
the extensive use of stock footage quickly becomes a tiresome cliché
the explosions tend to simply hit their marks , pyro-correctly
the slowest viewer grasps it
gag two or three times
galled that you 've wasted nearly two hours of your own precious life with this silly little puddle of a movie
gags to break the tedium
a porno flick
10 or 15 minutes could be cut and no one would notice
... with the candy-like taste of it fading faster than 25-cent bubble gum , I realized this is a throwaway movie that wo n't stand the test of time .
... watching this film nearly provoked me to take my own life .
a cast of competent performers from movies , television and the theater are cast adrift in various New York City locations with no unifying rhythm or visual style .
to cliches and pat storytelling
a cellular phone commercial
a case of masochism and an hour and a half
a case of two actors who do everything humanly possible to create characters who are sweet and believable , and are defeated by a screenplay that forces them into bizarre , implausible behavior
'' should come with the warning '' For serious film buffs only
'' shut up '' to those who talk up what is nothing more than two guys beating the hell outta
'' to those who talk up what is nothing more than two guys beating the hell outta
'' unelected '' have suspected all along : George W . Bush
that makes it possible for the viewer to doze off for a few minutes or make several runs to the concession stand and\/or restroom and not feel as if he or she has missed anything
though meant to be universal in its themes of loyalty , courage and dedication to a common goal , never
, preposterous )
a glossy rehash
, pointless and depressing , even if you
, plot mechanics get in the way of what should be the lighter-than-air adventure .
seem bound and determined to duplicate Bela Lugosi 's now-cliched vampire accent
seem goofy
seem goofy rather than provocative
seem barely in the same movie
that does n't demand a dumb , distracted audience
seem great to knock back a beer with but they 're simply not funny performers
seem great to knock back a beer with but they 're simply not funny performers .
drama , tampoco es tan superficial como muchas
the movie feeling depressed by the shallow , selfish , greedy characters
Most of the dialogue made me want to pack raw dough in my ears .
Does n't offer much besides glib soullessness , raunchy language and a series of brutal set pieces ...
Does n't offer much besides glib soullessness , raunchy language and a series of brutal set pieces ... that raise the bar on stylized screen violence
Does n't offer much besides glib soullessness , raunchy language and a series of brutal set pieces ... that raise the bar on stylized screen violence .
Most fish stories are a little peculiar , but this is one that should be thrown back in the river
to be in a contest to see who can out-bad-act the other
A woozy , roisterous , exhausting mess , and the off-beat casting of its two leads
A woozy , roisterous , exhausting mess , and the off-beat casting of its two leads turns out to be as ill-starred as you might expect .
A woozy , roisterous ,
A woozy , roisterous , exhausting mess
A woozy , roisterous , exhausting mess ,
A woozy , roisterous , exhausting mess , and
are slow and repetitive parts
are remembered only as an afterthought
does n't wrap the proceedings up neatly
Stinks from start to finish , like a wet burlap sack of gloom
A movie version of a paint-by-numbers picture . We can tell what it is supposed to be , but ca n't really call it a work of art .
A muddy psychological thriller
A muddy psychological thriller rife with miscalculations
does n't work as either .
Stock Character camp
A movie version of a paint-by-numbers picture . We can tell what it is supposed to be ,
A movie version of a paint-by-numbers picture . We can tell what it is supposed to be , but
A movie version of a paint-by-numbers picture . We can tell what it is supposed to be , but ca n't really call it a work of art
very depressing movie
very depressing
very excited at rehashing what was basically a one-joke picture
utter loss personified in the film 's simple title
utterly incompetent conclusion
( Green is ) the comedy equivalent of Saddam Hussein , and I 'm just about ready to go to the U.N. and ask permission for a preemptive strike .
cutesy reliance
duck the very issues it raises
drops you into a dizzying , volatile , pressure-cooker of a situation that quickly snowballs out of
drowned me
drowned me in boredom
dubious
utterly incompetent
- the books are better .
grossly
grossly contradictory
gross-out quota
grosses
gross-out humor
gross-out flicks ,
of the 37-minute Santa vs . the Snowman
the next inevitable incarnation of The Love Boat
make an important film about human infidelity and happenstance that he tosses a kitchen sink onto a story already overladen with plot conceits
for the most part , The Weight of Water comes off as a two-way time-switching myopic mystery that stalls in its lackluster gear of emotional blandness .
for the `` XXX '' crowd , people who enjoy mindless action without the benefit of decent acting , writing , and direction
agonizing contrivances
There is no solace here , no entertainment value , merely a fierce lesson in where filmmaking can take us .
too long , too cutesy , too sure of its own importance , and possessed of that peculiar tension of being too dense & about nothing at all
to set the women 's liberation movement back 20 years
unusual but unfortunately also
unusual but unfortunately also irritating
until the slowest viewer grasps it
until things fall apart
add up to the time required to boil a four - minute egg
add up to nothing more than jerking the audience 's chain .
sudsy
suffered and bled
suffers a severe case of oversimplification , superficiality and silliness
add up to nothing more than jerking the audience 's chain
to Gary Cooper what a gnat is to a racehorse
indecipherable plot complications
make the stones weep -- as shameful as it
wrong with performances here
wrong with the clumsy comedy Stealing Harvard
written using Mad-libs . There can be no other explanation . Hilariously inept and ridiculous
wrong at several key junctures
wrong with this increasingly pervasive aspect of gay culture
wrong with this ricture
out there somewhere who 's dying for this kind of entertainment
too long to shake
a third-person story now , told by Hollywood , and much more ordinary for it
I guess a space station in the year 2455 can be crossed off the list of ideas for the inevitable future sequels ( hey , do n't shoot the messenger ) .
movie audiences both innocent and jaded
there was ever a movie where the upbeat ending feels like a copout
fills time
filling the screen with this tortured , dull artist and monster-in-the
progresses in such a low-key manner that it risks monotony
promised ( or threatened ) for later this year
is like cold porridge with only the odd enjoyably chewy lump .
is light , innocuous and unremarkable
is like cold porridge with only the odd enjoyably chewy lump
card being the dreary mid-section of the film
cardboard characters and performers
his second
guts and
proves rough
proves rough going for the audience as well
inability to stand in for true , lived experience
incessant use
his portrait of sex-as-war is strictly sitcom
Although made on a shoestring and unevenly
Although it does n't always hang together
Although devoid of objectivity and full of nostalgic comments from the now middle-aged participants
that seems to have no goal and no urgency
that screams `` bathroom break
that reek of a script rewrite designed to garner the film a `` cooler '' PG-13 rating
proud yet director Muccino 's characters are less worthy of Puccini than they are of daytime television
this film is full of rabbits . brimful . but like most rabbits , it seems to lack substance .
that it progresses in such a low-key manner that it risks monotony
the pseudo-educational stuff
this film is full of rabbits . brimful . but like most rabbits , it seems to lack substance
even worse
even worse behind the camera
even vaguely interested
even think of staying with this for more than , say , ten ... make that three minutes
its awkward structure keeps breaking the spell
peppered with false starts
peppered with false starts and
peppered with false starts and populated by characters who are nearly impossible to care about
own worst instincts in under 90 minutes
own worst instincts
own sadistic tendencies toward his audience
that this vapid vehicle is downright doltish and uneventful
that those responsible did n't cut their losses -- and ours -- and retitle it The Adventures of Direct-to-Video Nash , and send it to its proper home
that this is a Mormon family movie , and a sappy , preachy one at that
that this Mean Machine was a decent TV outing that just does n't have big screen magic
that this arrogant Richard Pryor wannabe 's routine is offensive , puerile and unimaginatively foul-mouthed if it was at least funny
that thrusts the audience into a future they wo n't much care about
are defeated by a screenplay that forces them into bizarre , implausible behavior
are dampened by a lackluster script and substandard performances
are credited with the cliché-laden screenplay
are clinically depressed and have abandoned their slim hopes and dreams
are clinically depressed and
been much puzzlement among critics about what the election symbolizes
to indicate Clooney might have better luck next time
to inhale this gutter romancer 's secondhand material
to include anything even halfway scary
to insulting the intelligence of anyone who has n't been living under a rock
to inject farcical raunch
to inspire anything more than a visit to McDonald 's , let alone some savvy street activism
When it 's on dry land , though , this surfer-girl melodrama starts gasping like a beached grouper .
When it comes to entertainment , children deserve better than Pokemon 4Ever .
When not obscured by the booming bass-heavy soundtrack
pretentiously
seems as tired as its protagonist
seeming predictably formulaic
seems hopelessly juvenile
seems hopelessly juvenile .
demented kitsch mess
to whip life into The Importance of Being Earnest that he probably pulled a muscle or two
personal low
'm afraid you wo n't get through this frankly fantastical by-the-numbers B-flick with just a suspension of disbelief
'm afraid you wo n't get through this frankly fantastical by-the-numbers B-flick with just a suspension of disbelief .
'm behaving like an idiot !
'll want to crawl up your own \*\*\* in embarrassment
'm afraid .
'm just about ready to go to the U.N. and ask permission for a preemptive strike
` The Château is never quite able to overcome the cultural moat surrounding its ludicrous and contrived plot . '
capitalizes on this concept and opts for the breezy and amateurish feel of an after school special on the subject of tolerance
capitalizes on this concept and opts for the breezy and amateurish feel of an after school special on the subject of tolerance .
, sexually charged , but ultimately lacking in substance , not to mention dragged down by a leaden closing act .
, sense and sensibility have been overrun by what can only be characterized as robotic sentiment .
shoot something on crummy-looking videotape
shoddy male hip hop fantasy
misdirected
shocking in its eroticized gore
its clunky dialogue and lapses in logic
its clunky dialogue and lapses
its child-centered , claustrophobic context
clueless
cloying or preachy
often overwritten
often overwhelms what could have been a more multifaceted look at this interesting time and place .
, however , Kilmer seems to be posing , rather than acting . And that leaves a hole in the center of The Salton Sea .
, however , manages just to be depressing , as the lead actor phones in his autobiographical performance .
, his directorial touch is neither light nor magical enough to bring off this kind of whimsy .
, hollow exercise
be going through the motions , beginning with the pale script
it 's supposed to feel funny and light
be filling the screen with this tortured , dull artist and monster-in-the
wrecks any chance of the movie rising above similar fare
but blatantly biased .
but blatantly biased
but could have and should have been deeper
but could have and should have been deeper .
this movie , a certain scene in particular , brought me uncomfortably close to losing my lunch .
the glum , numb experience
of numerous minor flaws
aloof
already mentioned
also a -- dare I say it twice --
his sense of story and his juvenile camera movements smack of a film school undergrad
never shakes the oppressive , morally superior good-for-you quality that almost automatically accompanies didactic entertainment
never rises to its clever what-if concept .
never rise above the level of an after-school TV special
never really busts out of its comfy little cell
never shoot straight
proven that no amount of imagination , no creature , no fantasy story and no incredibly outlandish scenery
the little nuances
Like most movies about the pitfalls of bad behavior
Like many such biographical melodramas , it suffers from the awkwardness that results from adhering to the messiness of true stories .
Like most movies about the pitfalls of bad behavior ... Circuit gets drawn into the party .
Like life on the island
Like leafing through an album of photos accompanied by the sketchiest of captions .
Like life on the island , the movie grows boring despite the scenery .
ultimately losing cause
modernizes A.E.W. Mason 's story to suit the sensibilities of a young American , a decision that plucks `` The Four Feathers '' bare
moldy-oldie , not-nearly - as-nasty - as-it
earnest yet curiously tepid and choppy recycling in which predictability
earnest yet curiously tepid and choppy recycling in which predictability is the only winner
earnest yet curiously tepid and choppy
earnest yet curiously tepid and choppy recycling
racial insensitivity
gone , replaced by the forced funniness found in the dullest kiddie flicks
going to see this movie is hereby given fair warning
Allegiance to Chekhov , which director Michael Cacoyannis displays with somber earnestness in the new adaptation of The Cherry Orchard , is a particularly vexing handicap .
All too familiar ... basically the sort of cautionary tale that was old when ` Angels With Dirty Faces ' appeared in 1938 .
All too familiar ...
All too familiar ... basically the sort of cautionary tale that was old when ` Angels With Dirty Faces ' appeared in 1938
marred
marred only by an inexplicable , utterly distracting blunder at the very end
an 88-minute highlight reel that 's 86 minutes too long
amounts to being lectured to by tech-geeks , if you 're up for that sort of thing
to even think of staying with this for more than , say , ten ... make that three minutes
the number of tumbleweeds blowing through the empty theatres
the next Texas Chainsaw Massacre
the new script by the returning David S. Goyer is much sillier .
truncated
with motionless characters
that the shocking conclusion is too much of a plunge
Pretentious editing ruins a potentially terrific flick .
that stubbornly refused to gel
that strokes the eyeballs while it evaporates like so much crypt mist in the brain
that takes itself all too seriously
that takes an astonishingly condescending attitude toward women
only surprise
only teenage boys could possibly find it funny .
cheesiness
its rough edges
its rough
its rote plot
its recycled aspects , implausibility , and sags
its recycled aspects , implausibility , and
its recycled aspects , implausibility ,
made the near-fatal mistake of being what the English call ` too clever by half
made under the influence of Rohypnol
made to air on pay cable to offer some modest amusements when one has nothing else to watch .
must be given to the water-camera operating team of Don King , Sonny Miller , and Michael Stewart .
must have baffled the folks in the marketing department
the website feardotcom . com or the improperly hammy performance from poor Stephen Rea
and you 'll want to slap them .
anger
and yell ` Safe
angst-ridden
the addition of a biblical message will either improve the film for you , or it will lessen it
Forget about one Oscar nomination for Julianne Moore this year
Forget about one Oscar nomination for Julianne Moore this year -
Forget
what you do n't see
the wheezing terrorist subplot has n't the stamina for the 100-minute running time
The milieu is wholly unconvincing
The milieu is wholly unconvincing ... and the histrionics reach a truly annoying pitch
The milieu is wholly unconvincing ... and the histrionics reach a truly annoying pitch .
histrionic
The most excruciating 86 minutes one
The modern-day characters are nowhere near as vivid as the 19th-century ones .
the film sometimes flags ...
turns a blind eye to the very history it pretends to teach
the one bald and the other sloppy
this one is strictly a lightweight escapist film
hollow joke
offense
Wince-inducing dialogue , thrift-shop costumes , prosthetic makeup by Silly Putty and Kmart blue-light-special effects
offends
his lack of faith in his audience
his lack of self-awareness
cliched and contrived that it makes your least favorite James Bond movie seem as cleverly plotted as The Usual Suspects
name-calling
Wince-inducing
my precious new star wars movie is a lumbering , wheezy drag ...
naipaul , a juicy writer , is negated
'' One look at a girl in tight pants and big tits and you turn stupid ? '' Um ... is n't that the basis for the entire plot ?
'' Sorority Boys '' was funnier , and that movie was pretty bad .
a chore to sit through -- despite some first-rate performances by its lead
a choppy ending
a fairly terrible movie ...
a fairly terrible movie
a failure at life
a dumb action movie
it 's frustrating to see these guys -- who are obviously pretty clever -- waste their talent on parodies of things they probably thought were funniest when they were high
it 's frustrating to see these guys -- who are obviously pretty clever -- waste their talent on parodies of things they probably thought were funniest when they were high .
it 's enough to make one pine for the day when godard can no longer handle the rigors of filmmaking
it 's all pretty tame . the most offensive thing about the movie is that hollywood expects people to pay to see it .
has all the actors reaching for the back row
has all of Dean 's mannerisms and self-indulgence , but none of his sweetness and vulnerability .
has all of Dean 's mannerisms and self-indulgence , but none of his sweetness and vulnerability
has about as much substance as its end credits blooper reel
has a wooden delivery and encounters a substantial arc of change that does n't produce any real transformation .
has a wooden delivery and encounters a substantial arc of change that does n't produce any real transformation
has a wooden delivery and
that this Hollywood contrivance orbits around
when it came time to get to the heart of the movie
A bore that tends to hammer home every one of its points .
A bloated gasbag thesis grotesquely impressed by its own gargantuan aura of self-importance ...
A bloated gasbag thesis
A bland animated sequel that hardly seems worth the effort .
A boring , wincingly cute and nauseatingly politically correct cartoon
A boring , formulaic mix of serial killers and stalk 'n' slash .
A boring , formulaic mix of serial killers and stalk 'n'
A boring , formulaic mix
an oily arms dealer , squad car pile-ups and the requisite screaming captain
an old Warner Bros . costumer jived with sex
an opportunity to strongly present some profound social commentary
do n't look for any hefty anti-establishment message in what is essentially a whip-crack of a buddy movie that ends with a whimper
to break the tedium
do n't fret about the calories because there 's precious little substance in Birthday Girl
comedic agony
plays as dramatic even when dramatic things happen to people . It labours as storytelling
If director Michael Dowse only superficially understands his characters
come up with an adequate reason why we should pay money for what we can get on television for free
as sexual manifesto , I 'd rather listen to old Tori Amos records
as shameful
too predictable
milieu as
has oodles of vulgar
writing , skewed characters
become almost as operatic to us as they are to her characters
begins in Saigon in 1952 . That 's its first sign of trouble
begins in Saigon in 1952 . That 's its first sign of trouble .
before pulling the plug on the conspirators and averting an American-Russian Armageddon
befuddled
potboiler until its absurd , contrived , overblown , and entirely implausible finale .
the dopey plot
American and European cinema has amassed a vast Holocaust literature , but it is impossible to think of any film more challenging or depressing than The Grey Zone .
as if to prove a female director can make a movie with no soft edges , kathryn bigelow offers no sugar-coating or interludes of lightness . her film is unrelentingly claustrophobic and unpleasant
repression
does n't do much to weigh any arguments one way or the other
does n't clue you in that something 's horribly wrong
does n't have much else ... especially in a moral sense .
does n't have much else ... especially in a moral sense
does n't have anything really interesting to say .
too pessimistic
spot the culprit early-on in this predictable thriller
spread propaganda
Scarcely worth a mention apart from reporting on the number of tumbleweeds blowing through the empty theatres
Scarcely worth a mention apart from reporting on the number of tumbleweeds blowing through the empty theatres graced with its company .
Schaeffer should follow his titular advice
Scarcely worth
Scarcely worth a mention
Mattei 's underdeveloped effort
Mattei 's underdeveloped effort here is nothing but a convenient conveyor belt of brooding personalities that parade about as if they were coming back from Stock Character camp -- a drowsy drama infatuated by its own pretentious self-examination .
tries-so-hard-to-be-cool `` Clockstoppers
trots out the video he took of the family vacation to Stonehenge
has all the trappings of an energetic , extreme-sports adventure , but ends up more of a creaky `` Pretty Woman '' retread , with the emphasis on self-empowering schmaltz and big-wave surfing that gives pic its title an afterthought
has all the trappings of an energetic , extreme-sports adventure , but ends up more of a creaky `` Pretty Woman '' retread , with the emphasis on self-empowering schmaltz and big-wave surfing that gives pic its title an afterthought .
has about 3\/4th the fun of its spry 2001 predecessor -- but it 's a rushed , slapdash , sequel-for-the-sake - of-a-sequel with less than half the plot and ingenuity .
a pasolini film without passion or politics , or
never truly come to care about the main characters and whether or not they 'll wind up together
no.
Has none of the crackle of '' Fatal Attraction '' , '' 9 1\/2 Weeks '' , or even '' Indecent Proposal '' ,
Has none of the crackle of '' Fatal Attraction '' , '' 9 1\/2 Weeks '' , or even '' Indecent Proposal ''
Has lost some of the dramatic conviction that underlies the best of comedies ...
Has none of the crackle of '' Fatal Attraction '' , '' 9 1\/2 Weeks '' , or even '' Indecent Proposal '' , and feels more like Lyne 's stolid remake of '' Lolita '' .
Has none of the crackle of '' Fatal Attraction '' , '' 9 1\/2 Weeks '' , or even '' Indecent Proposal '' , and feels more like Lyne 's stolid remake of '' Lolita ''
the toughest ages a kid can go through
wasted nearly two hours of your own precious life with this silly little puddle of a movie
wasted nearly two hours of your own precious life
wastes an exceptionally good idea
waster '
Genuinely unnerving
Generic thriller junk .
A major waste ... generic
It 's as if Solondz had two ideas for two movies , could n't really figure out how to flesh either out
It 's as if Solondz had two ideas for two movies , could n't really figure out how to flesh either out ,
It 's as if Solondz had two ideas for two movies , could n't really figure out how to flesh either out , so
It 's as if Solondz had two ideas for two movies , could n't really figure out how to flesh either out , so he just slopped 'em together here
It 's as if Solondz had two ideas for two movies , could n't really figure out how to flesh either out , so he just slopped 'em together here .
It 's as if a bored Cage spent the duration of the film 's shooting schedule waiting to scream
It 's as if a bored Cage spent the duration of the film 's shooting schedule waiting to scream :
It 's as if a bored Cage spent the duration of the film 's shooting schedule waiting to scream : ''
It 's as if a bored Cage spent the duration of the film 's shooting schedule waiting to scream : '' Got AIDS yet
It 's as if a bored Cage spent the duration of the film 's shooting schedule waiting to scream : '' Got AIDS yet ?
rotting from miles away
run-of-the-mill .
melancholic
too boring , and occasionally annoying
been bland
who belongs with the damned for perpetrating Patch Adams
is milk it with despondent eyes and whine that nobody treats him human enough
is majorly ham-fisted , from the repetitive manifestos that keep getting thrown in people 's faces to the fact Amber is such a joke .
is majorly ham-fisted
is majorly ham-fisted ,
is majorly ham-fisted , from the repetitive manifestos that keep getting thrown in people 's faces to the fact Amber is such a joke
snags and stumblings
going to subjugate truth to the tear-jerking demands of soap opera
gone a tad less for grit and a lot more
gone badly awry
is the word for the big-fisted direction of Jez Butterworth , who manages to blast even the smallest sensitivities from the romance with his clamorous approach .
is the word for the big-fisted direction of Jez Butterworth , who manages to blast even the smallest sensitivities from the romance with his clamorous approach
is the picture of health with boundless energy until a few days before she dies . This is absolutely and completely ridiculous and an insult to every family whose mother has suffered through the horrible pains of a death by cancer
is the picture of health with boundless energy until a few days before she dies . This is absolutely and completely ridiculous and an insult to every family whose mother has suffered through the horrible pains of a death by cancer .
its botches
give his audience a single character worth rooting for ( or worth rooting against , for that matter )
too blatant
give it thumbs down
It is ridiculous , of course ... but
It uses an old-time formula , it 's not terribly original
It uses an old-time formula , it 's not terribly original and
It uses an old-time formula , it 's not terribly original and it 's rather messy
It uses an old-time formula , it 's not terribly original and it 's rather messy --
lame special effects
lame horror flicks go
lacks wit , feeling and believability to compensate for its incessant coarseness and banality
lacks wit , feeling and believability
lacks wit , feeling and believability to compensate for its incessant coarseness and banality .
is a particularly vexing handicap
is a no-surprise series of explosions and violence while Banderas looks like he 's not trying to laugh at how bad
is a no-surprise series of explosions and violence while Banderas looks like he 's not trying to laugh at how bad it
by-the-numbers effort by Washington . It wo n't rock any boats
by the supposedly liberal media ... to the intimate and ultimately tragic heartache of maverick individuals like Hatfield and Hicks
can you take before indigestion sets in
can still make you feel that you never want to see another car chase , explosion or gunfight again
's not a very good movie in any objective sense
's not a single jump-in-your-seat moment
's not as pathetic as The Animal
's not as pathetic as The Animal .
's not enough substance here
's not enough substance
's not enough to the story to fill two hours
's not enough substance here to sustain interest for the full 90 minutes , especially with the weak payoff
has never looked uglier .
has no atmosphere , no tension -- nothing but Costner , flailing away
the movie is loaded with good intentions , but in his zeal to squeeze the action and our emotions into the all-too-familiar dramatic arc of the holocaust escape story , minac drains his movie of all individuality .
has n't escaped the rut dug by the last one
has n't escaped the rut dug by the last one .
has never looked uglier
has n't added enough of his own ingredients
has n't added enough of his own ingredients .
appear foolish and shallow rather than , as was more likely ,
appear foolish and shallow
boring , sad man
helped by the thin characterizations , nonexistent plot and pretentious visual style
help the poor woman if Attal is this insecure in real life
bore that tends to hammer home every one of its points .
bored and ... decided to make a dull , pretentious version of Jesus ' Son
bored to care
bored to even think of staying with this for more than , say , ten ... make that three minutes
boring ,
boring , and
boring , and occasionally annoying
boring , formulaic mix
adults will certainly want to spend their time in the theater thinking up grocery lists and ways to tell their kids how not to act like pinocchio . as for children , they wo n't enjoy the movie at all
adults will certainly want to spend their time in the theater thinking up grocery lists and ways to tell their kids how not to act like pinocchio . as for children , they wo n't enjoy the movie at all .
against her natural likability
mediocre screenplay
Though this film can be clumsy
The ending does n't work
The ending does n't work ...
The ending does n't work ... but
The elements were all there but lack of a pyschological center knocks it flat
The elements were all there but lack of a pyschological center knocks it flat .
on fatality , classism , and ignorance
wo n't join the pantheon of great monster\/science fiction flicks that we have come to love ...
are they like humans , only hairier
are thinner than cardboard -- or even comic-book paper .
are thinner than cardboard -- or even comic-book paper
on adultery
special effects overpower cogent story-telling and visual clarity during the big action sequences
if it pared down its plots and characters to a few rather than dozens ... or
if it had been only half-an-hour long or a TV special , the humor would have been fast and furious -- at ninety minutes , it drags .
has a no-frills docu-Dogma plainness
if it wants to be a retro-refitting exercise in campy recall for older fans or a silly , Nickelodeon-esque kiddie flick
wo n't know much more when you leave
not as innovative , nor the story as imaginative as in the original .
not as innovative , nor the story as imaginative
not Zhang 's forte
not a trace
not a champion
not a trace of humanity or empathy
not an event that is believable , not a confrontation that is not staged
bringing a barf bag to the moviehouse
bringing a barf bag
of would-be characters
off too far
slippery slope
echoes the by now intolerable morbidity of so many recent movies
What with the incessant lounge music playing in the film 's background
's muy loco , but no more ridiculous than most of the rest of `` Dragonfly
's muy loco , but no more ridiculous
's muy loco , but no more ridiculous than most of the rest of `` Dragonfly . ''
's muy loco , but no more ridiculous than most of the rest of `` Dragonfly .
13 Conversations may be a bit too enigmatic and overly ambitious to be fully successful
a nightmare about bad cinema
downer
does n't have more flashes of insight
does n't have the same magical quality as the beginning of the story
does n't have the same magical quality as the beginning of the story .
we learn that Andrew 's Turnabout Is Fair Play is every bit as awful as Borchardt 's Coven
pretty good . Of course , by more objective measurements it 's still quite bad .
the Harry Potter series
to think of a recent movie that has worked this hard to achieve this little fun
A mess . The screenplay does too much meandering , Norton has to recite bland police procedural details , Fiennes wanders around in an attempt to seem weird and distanced , Hopkins looks like a drag queen .
A mawkish self-parody that plays like some weird Masterpiece Theater sketch with neither a point of view nor a compelling reason for being
A mawkish self-parody that plays like some weird Masterpiece Theater sketch with neither a point of view nor a compelling reason for being .
A mawkish self-parody
A mawkish self-parody that plays like some weird Masterpiece Theater sketch with neither
a taunt
, especially with the weak payoff
, even the funniest idea is n't funny .
, everything else about the film tanks .
The movie is n't painfully bad , something to be ` fully experienced ' ; it 's just tediously bad , something to be fully forgotten
The movie is genial but never inspired , and little about it will stay with you .
The movie is like Scorsese 's Mean Streets redone by someone who ignored it in favor of old ` juvenile delinquent ' paperbacks with titles like Leather Warriors and Switchblade Sexpot .
The movie is like a year late for tapping into our reality tv obsession , and even tardier for exploiting the novelty of the '' webcast . ''
The movie is n't painfully bad , something to be ` fully experienced '
The movie is concocted and carried out by folks worthy of scorn , and
The movie is concocted and carried out by folks worthy of scorn , and the nicest thing I can say is that I ca n't remember a single name responsible for it
The movie is concocted and carried out by folks worthy of scorn , and the nicest thing I can say is that I ca n't remember a single name responsible for it .
Yes , I suppose it 's lovely that Cal works out his issues with his dad and comes to terms with his picture-perfect life -- but World Traveler gave me no reason to care ,
Yes , I suppose it 's lovely that Cal works out his issues with his dad and comes to terms with his picture-perfect life -- but World Traveler gave me no reason to care , so
Yes , I suppose it 's lovely that Cal works out his issues with his dad and comes to terms with his picture-perfect life -- but World Traveler gave me no reason to care , so I did n't
Yes , I suppose it 's lovely that Cal works out his issues with his dad and comes to terms with his picture-perfect life -- but World Traveler gave me no reason to care , so I did n't .
Williams ' anarchy gets tiresome
slathered on crackers and
A complete waste of time .
A crass and insulting homage
A complete waste of time
A cockeyed shot all the way .
A clash between the artificial structure of the story and the more contemporary , naturalistic tone of the film
A clash between the artificial structure of the story and the more contemporary , naturalistic tone of the film ...
revelatory and narcissistic
buggy drag
( but ) there is n't much about K-19 that 's unique or memorable .
( but ) there is n't much about K-19
War
few new converts
One of those decades-spanning historical epics that strives to be intimate and socially encompassing but fails to do justice to either effort in three hours of screen time
One of the worst movies of the year ... Watching it was painful .
One of those so-so films that could have been much better
One of those films where the characters inhabit that special annex of hell where adults behave like kids , children behave like adults and everyone screams at the top of their lungs no matter what the situation .
pretty cynical and condescending
One of those decades-spanning historical epics that strives to be intimate and socially encompassing but fails to do justice to either effort in three hours of screen time .
It 's getting harder and harder to ignore the fact that Hollywood is n't laughing with us , folks . It 's laughing at us .
It 's dumb , but more importantly , it 's just not scary .
It 's dumb , but more importantly , it 's just not scary
It 's dumb , but
It 's dumb ,
It 's frustrating to see these guys -- who are obviously pretty clever -- waste their talent on parodies of things they probably thought were funniest when they were high .
It 's fitting that a movie as artificial and soulless as The Country Bears owes its genesis to an animatronic display at Disneyland .
It 's everything you do n't go to the movies for .
remind us of the devastating horror suffered by an entire people
repeated
May take its sweet time to get wherever it 's going
that takes its sweet time building to a climax that 's scarcely a surprise by the time
that takes too long to shake
May lack the pungent bite of its title ,
May lack the pungent bite of its title , but
Thanks largely to Williams , all the interesting developments are processed in 60 minutes -- the rest is just an overexposed waste of film
Thanks largely to Williams , all the interesting developments are processed in 60 minutes -- the rest is just an overexposed waste of film .
That 's a cheat .
Sia lacks visual flair .
toss it at the screen in frustration
toss it
toss logic and science into what is essentially a `` Dungeons and Dragons '' fantasy with modern military weaponry
this opera is n't a favorite
through the audience 's meat grinder one more
disguise the slack complacency of ( Godard 's ) vision , any more than the gorgeous piano and strings on the soundtrack can drown out the tinny self-righteousness of his voice
disguise the slack complacency of ( Godard 's ) vision
disapproval
would be precious little left .
other Imax films do n't : chimps , lots of chimps , all blown up to the size of a house .
charged with loitering -- so much on view , so little to offer
charged with loitering
charged with loitering --
the haphazard administration
forced to watch the host and hostess
can wreak havoc in other cultures
This Nickleby thing might have more homosexual undertones than an Eddie Murphy film . And just when you think it ca n't get any more gay , in pops Nathan Lane
Hallmark card sentimentality and
Handled correctly , Wilde 's play is a masterpiece of elegant wit and artifice . Here , alas , it collapses like an overcooked soufflé .
MIB II is a movie that makes it possible for the viewer to doze off for a few minutes or make several runs to the concession stand and\/or restroom and not feel as if he or she has missed anything .
a third-act plot development is somewhat melodramatic
too crude to serve the work especially well
, as artificial as the video games Japanese teens play
, bald
governs college cliques
goth-vampire , tortured woe-is-me lifestyle
a heroine who comes across as both shallow and dim-witted
'd be hard put to find a movie character more unattractive or odorous ( than Leon )
a study in schoolgirl obsession
a stupefying
But they do n't fit well together and neither is well told
has little to do with the story , which becomes something about how lame it is to try and evade your responsibilities and that you should never , ever , leave a large dog alone with a toddler
has little to do with the story , which becomes something about how lame it is to try and evade your responsibilities and that you should never , ever , leave a large dog alone with a toddler .
By getting myself wrapped up in the visuals and eccentricities of many of the characters , I found myself confused when it came time to get to the heart of the movie .
is now a movie that is n't really good enough to be in theaters .
is now a movie that is n't really good enough to be in theaters
is nothing more than an obsolete , if irritating , notion of class .
first . Many of the effective horror elements are dampened through familiarity
disappointed
direct antithesis
discord
if we put together a wry white man and a chatty black man and give them guns , the movie will be funny ''
if the story 's a little weak
if the filmmakers just follow the books , they
if you 're in the right b-movie frame of mind
, Yu clearly hopes to camouflage how bad his movie is .
Shadyac 's perfunctory directing chops
utterly static picture
an encyclopedia of cliches that shoplifts shamelessly from farewell-to-innocence movies like the wanderers and a bronx tale without cribbing any of their intelligence
totally weirded
utter tripe
intolerable levels
intolerable
into thinking some of this worn-out , pandering palaver is actually funny
a Mexican soap opera
a Pandora 's Box of special effects that run the gamut from cheesy to cheesier to cheesiest
a Pasolini film without passion or politics
with a florid , overplotted , Anne Rice rock 'n' roll vampire novel
rank frustration
rank
rank frustration from those in the know about rubbo 's dumbed-down tactics
rape-payback
lost and desolate
lost in the murk of its own making
lost in the '' soon-to-be-forgettable '' section of the quirky rip-off prison romp pile
lost in the translation this time . The Importance of Being Earnest movie seems to be missing a great deal of the acerbic repartee of the play
lost in the thin soup of canned humor
lost their movie mojo
lost the ability to think
nothing delivered by the former Mr . Drew Barrymore
nothing at the core of this slight coming-of-age\/coming-out tale
nothing about who he is or who he was before
nothing about crime
not-very-funny comedy
not-very-funny
An allegory concerning the chronically mixed signals African American professionals get about overachieving could be intriguing , but the supernatural trappings only obscure the message .
approached the usher and said that if she had to sit through it again , she should ask for a raise
Margaret Thatcher 's ruinous legacy
There is a difference between movies with the courage to go over the top and movies that do n't care about being stupid
developed characters so much as caricatures , one-dimensional buffoons that get him a few laughs but nothing else
forgotten the movie
that makes as much of a mess as this one
utter loss
be a toss-up between presiding over the end of cinema as we know it and another night of delightful hand shadows
be a shame if this was your introduction to one of the greatest plays of the last 100 years
be a total loss
be able to find better entertainment
The Tuxedo miscalculates badly by forcing the star to play second fiddle to the dull effects that allow the suit to come to life .
The Tuxedo does n't add up to a whole lot .
The Tuxedo '' should have been the vehicle for Chan that '' The Mask '' was for Jim Carrey . Alas
The Uncertainty Principle , as verbally pretentious as the title may be
with lots of somber blues and pinks
spirit-crushing
see the would-be surprises coming a mile away
all the dramatic weight
all the dramatic weight of a raindrop
all the blanket statements and dime-store ruminations on vanity
long running time
long running
from being dragged through a sad , sordid universe of guns , drugs , avarice and damaged dreams
from being a total rehash
everything else about it is straight from the Saturday morning cartoons -- a retread story , bad writing , and the same old silliness
everything else about the film tanks .
everything except someone pulling the pin from a grenade with his teeth
everything humanly possible to create characters who are sweet and believable , and are defeated by a screenplay that forces them into bizarre , implausible behavior
everything that 's good is ultimately scuttled by a plot that 's just too boring and obvious
's not life-affirming
's not life-affirming -- its vulgar
wreck
wreak havoc in other cultures
wreak
she fails to provoke them .
she had to sit through it again
she is unable to save the movie
Plays like a series of vignettes -- clips of a film that are still looking for a common through-line .
Plays like the old disease-of-the-week small-screen melodramas .
the plot , and a maddeningly insistent and repetitive piano score that made me want to scream
I am more offended by his lack of faith in his audience than by anything on display here .
I am not generally a huge fan of cartoons derived from TV shows ,
will be able to recognize that this story is too goofy ... even for Disney
bizarre to the adult mind
botched in execution
both Oscar winners , a fact which , as you watch them clumsily mugging their way through Snow Dogs , seems inconceivable
says it all . Jackass is a vulgar and cheap-looking version of Candid Camera staged for the Marquis de Sade set .
Alzheimer 's disease
Hey Arnold ! The Movie is what happens when you blow up small potatoes to 10 times their natural size , and it ai n't pretty .
High Crimes miscasts nearly every leading character .
Hey Arnold ! The Movie is what happens when you blow up small potatoes to 10 times their natural size ,
silly and
the inchoate but already eldritch Christian Right propaganda machine
the immediate aftermath of the terrorist attacks
's both sitcomishly predictable and cloying in its attempts to be poignant .
's churning ground that has long passed the point of being fertile
's clear the filmmakers were n't sure where they wanted their story to go , and even more clear that they lack the skills to get us to this undetermined destination
this never-ending confusion and hatred
lend some dignity to a dumb story
do n't mind crappy movies as much as adults , provided there 's lots of cute animals and clumsy people
leftovers that are n't so substantial or fresh
do n't mind crappy movies as much as adults , provided there 's lots of cute animals and clumsy people .
do n't really care too much about this love story
do n't really care too much about this love story .
not only fails on its own , but makes you second-guess your affection for the original
wound-licking
sure which half of Dragonfly is worse : The part where nothing 's happening , or the part where something 's happening
It may be an easy swipe to take , but this Barbershop just does n't make the cut
It may be an easy swipe to take , but this Barbershop just does n't make the cut .
uneasily as a horror picture ...
better suited for the small screen
is mild-mannered , been-there material given a pedestrian spin by a director who needed a touch of the flamboyant , the outrageous
is milked
is misbegotten
is messy , murky , unsatisfying
You would n't call The Good Girl a date movie ( an anti-date movie is more like it ) , but
You would n't call The Good Girl a date movie ( an anti-date movie is more like it ) ,
varies between a sweet smile and an angry bark , while Said attempts to wear down possible pupils through repetition . It has no affect on the Kurds
better suited for a movie titled '' Glory : A Soldier 's Story
how bad this movie was
how it washed out despite all of that is the project 's prime mystery .
how lame
how long will filmmakers copy the `` Saving Private Ryan '' battle scenes before realizing Steven Spielberg
Kim ) begins to overplay the shock tactics and bait-and-tackle metaphors
is n't a new plot
Watching it was painful
is n't enough clever innuendo to fil
Watching it was painful .
have been titled ` the loud and the ludicrous '
have blown his entire budget on soundtrack rights
have had enough of plucky british eccentrics with hearts of gold
have it all go wrong
have made every effort to disguise it as an unimaginative screenwriter 's invention
Kilmer seems to be posing , rather than acting . And that leaves a hole in the center of The Salton Sea .
XXX
The actors try hard but come off too amateurish and awkward .
Once one experiences Mr . Haneke 's own sadistic tendencies toward his audience
Once Ice-T sticks his mug in the window of the couple 's BMW and begins haranguing the wife in bad stage dialogue , all credibility flies out the window .
Once Ice-T sticks his mug in the window of the couple 's BMW and begins haranguing the wife in bad stage dialogue
Once ( Kim ) begins to overplay the shock tactics and bait-and-tackle metaphors , you may decide it 's too high a price to pay for a shimmering picture postcard .
On top of a foundering performance , ( Madonna 's ) denied her own athleticism by lighting that emphasizes every line and sag .
The action clichés just pile up .
On the whole , the movie lacks wit , feeling and believability to compensate for its incessant coarseness and banality .
dense
in the same old story
from the audience than Jar Jar Binks , Scrappy Doo and Scooby Dumb
a brisk pace as it races through the familiar story . However , it lacks grandeur
a brisk pace as it races through the familiar story . However , it lacks grandeur and that epic quality often associated with Stevenson 's tale as well as with earlier Disney efforts
its agonizing , Catch-22 glory
its stupidity
of folks they do n't understand , ones they figure the power-lunchers do n't care to understand , either
of flimsy -- or , worse yet , nonexistent -- ideas
of fleetingly interesting actors ' moments
of five blind , crippled , Amish people alive in this situation
of fools who saw Quentin Tarantino 's handful of raucous gangster films and branched out into their own pseudo-witty copycat interpretations
cell phones , guns , and the internal combustion engine
the editing might have been tighter
the undisputed worst boxing movie
the uninitiated may find hard to follow
the unwatchable Soapdish
the unwatchable Soapdish is more original
sometimes maddeningly slow film
that it feels more like the pilot episode of a TV series than a feature film
poorly paced you could fit all of Pootie Tang in between its punchlines
that it even uses a totally unnecessary prologue , just because it seems obligatory
immaturity
the cinematography is cloudy
the tortured husband
ca n't rescue Brown Sugar from the curse of blandness
ca n't rescue Brown Sugar from the curse of blandness .
ca n't remember a single name responsible for it
ca n't remember the last time I saw a movie where I wanted so badly for the protagonist to fail
ca n't remember the last time I saw a movie where I wanted so badly for the protagonist to fail .
ca n't really be called animation
ca n't really call it a work of art
ca n't recommend it .
around any scenes that might have required genuine acting from Ms . Spears
give herself over
watching the proverbial paint dry
the comic elements of the premise , making the proceedings more bizarre than actually amusing
exhausting mess
exhausting cinema
exhaust the patience of even the most understanding spouse
the confusions
the confusions you had while watching it
the conflicted complexity
recognized as the man who bilked unsuspecting moviegoers
recognize that this story is too goofy ... even for Disney
recite poetry in voice-over
recently said , a tortuous comment that perfectly illustrates the picture 's moral schizophrenia .
recently said , a tortuous comment that perfectly illustrates the picture 's moral schizophrenia
recognize that this story is too goofy
ultimately fails
little timewaster
turkey rotting
a term paper
, sloppy
hobbled by half-baked setups and sluggish pacing
let the subtitles fool you
there is little else to recommend `` Never Again . ''
there is no earthly reason other than money why this distinguished actor would stoop so low
aspiring directress who just happens to be her own worst enemy
unfilmable
unfamiliar with
something both ugly and mindless
unexplainable
something deeply creepy about Never
one that allows him to churn out one mediocre movie after another
one that , next to his best work , feels clumsy and convoluted
less like
cranky
cranky adults
crappola
crack ensemble
little else of consequence
little emotional resonance
to admire the film 's stately nature and call it classicism or be exasperated by a noticeable lack of pace . Or both
Feeble
Feeble comedy
missing a great deal of the acerbic repartee of the play
sucked up all
sucked .
a shallow rumination
sucks the blood
of the tortured and self-conscious material
soap-opera
soap-opera emotion
dip into your wallet , swipe 90 minutes of your time ,
dip into your wallet , swipe 90 minutes of your time
diminishing his stature from Oscar-winning master
diminishing his stature
dimness
diminishing his stature from Oscar-winning master to lowly studio hack
thyself '
As a story of dramatic enlightenment , the screenplay by Billy Ray and Terry George leaves something to be desired .
As a remake , it 's a pale imitation .
squeezed the life out of whatever idealism American moviemaking ever had
'' is a shapeless inconsequential move relying on the viewer to do most of the work .
'' is a movie that has no interest in itself .
'' is a big time stinker .
the biggest husband-and-wife disaster since John
the biggest husband-and-wife disaster
the bland animation and simplistic story
the bland songs
Who , exactly , is fighting whom here ?
Who , exactly , is fighting whom here
Who cares ? ) .
, it would fit Chan like a $ 99 bargain-basement special .
, its unintentional parallels might inadvertently evoke memories and emotions which are anything but humorous .
There 's not a single jump-in-your-seat moment and believe it or not , Jason actually takes a backseat in his own film to special effects .
be ploughing the same furrow once too often
There 's not a comedic moment in this romantic comedy .
formulaic equations
formula payback and
That the e-graveyard
a weak script
a way that 's too loud , too goofy and too short of an attention span
a visit to McDonald 's , let alone
a visual flair that waxes poetic far too much for our taste
a weak script that ca n't support the epic treatment
requisite faux-urban vibe
required to supply too much of the energy in a film that is , overall , far too staid for its subject matter
rescue Brown Sugar from the curse of blandness
resembles an outline for a '70s exploitation picture than the finished product
resembles an outline for a '70s exploitation picture
The plot is nothing but boilerplate clichés from start to finish , and the script assumes that not only would subtlety be lost on the target audience , but that it 's also too stupid to realize that they 've already seen this exact same movie a hundred times
The premise itself is just SOOOOO tired .
That regurgitates and waters down many of the previous film 's successes , with a few new swings thrown in
softheaded metaphysical claptrap
sketchy it amounts to little more than preliminary notes for a science-fiction horror film
skidding
abysmally pathetic
abysmally
absurd lengths
repulsively sadistic
repulsively
repulsively sadistic and mundane
repulsively sadistic and
required poignancy , a salute that I 'd hoped the movie would avoid
required poignancy ,
Piccoli 's performance is amazing , yes , but the symbols of loss and denial and life-at-arm 's - length in the film seem irritatingly transparent .
No thanks .
No surprises .
No more .
No cute factor here ... Not that I mind ugly ; the problem is he has no character , loveable or otherwise .
No laughs .
fondly remembered as Roman Coppola 's brief pretentious period before going on to other films that actually tell a story worth caring about
that a subject as monstrous and pathetic as Dahmer
the same tired old gags , modernized for the extreme sports generation . There 's already been too many of these films
the same tired old gags , modernized for the extreme sports generation
the same tired old gags , modernized for the extreme sports generation .
the same tired old gags
fool us into thinking that we 're not watching a double
that ` they do n't make movies like they used to anymore
that ` this is a story without surprises
that Van Wilder does little that is actually funny with the material
with a hard-to-swallow premise
with a hack script
wading
vulgarities
vulgarities in a sequel you can refuse
will only satisfy the most emotionally malleable of filmgoers .
tackling what seems like done-to-death material
will probably be a talky bore .
tackling a low-budget movie in which inexperienced children play the two main characters might not be the best way to cut your teeth in the film industry
tackling a low-budget movie in which inexperienced children play the two main characters
will only satisfy the most emotionally malleable of filmgoers
fairly disposable yet
fairly disposable
the director just ends up exposing his own obsession .
falls
fake
often unfunny
often downright creepy
often look smeary and blurry , to the point of distraction . Then again , in a better movie
often it 's meandering , low on energy , and too eager to be quirky at moments when a little old-fashioned storytelling would come in handy
often play like a milquetoast movie of the week blown up for the big screen
strain credibility
straight-to-video
straight-to-video sci-fi rental shelf
straight to a Mystery Science Theater 3000 video
too sappy for its own good
utterly painful
utterly painful to watch
turgid fable
sandwiched in between the most impossibly dry account of Kahlo 's life imaginable
sappy
sappy fiascoes he 's been making for the last several years
stiff or just plain bad
sticky and unsatisfied
to be both repulsively sadistic and mundane .
to be cerebral , too dull and pretentious to be engaging
to be as ill-starred as you might expect
to be both repulsively sadistic and mundane
to be cliches whose lives are never fully explored
to be cleverer , better written and of considerable more interest than the finished film , that 's a bad sign . A very bad sign
in this flat effort
self-consciously overwritten story
too-frosty
manipulative and contrived
manipulative and
that the material is so second-rate .
most battered women
most awful acts
too slight to be called any kind of masterpiece
this ready-made midnight movie probably wo n't stand the cold light of day , but
you 'd have a 90-minute , four-star movie . as it is , it 's too long and unfocused
too stupid
adolescence difficult to wade through
adored The Full Monty so resoundingly that you 're dying to see the same old thing in a tired old setting
too much meandering , Norton has to recite bland police procedural details , Fiennes wanders around in an attempt to seem weird and distanced , Hopkins looks like a drag queen
this ready-made midnight movie probably wo n't stand the cold light of day
fueling terrorist acts
frustrations
has here a thriller without thrills
has its faults
you 're going from one room to the next and none of them have any relation to the other
into a routine courtroom drama , better suited for a movie titled `` Glory : A Soldier 's Story
the nincompoop
the needlessly poor quality of its archival prints and film footage
the needlessly poor
the needlessly poor quality
the kind of movie that leaves vague impressions and a nasty aftertaste but little clear memory of its operational mechanics .
the know about rubbo 's dumbed-down tactics
is not Edward Burns ' best film
the modern rut of narrative banality
the modern rut
the molehill
to duck the very issues it raises
to distract you from the ricocheting
the Farrelly Bros. -- Peter and Bobby -- and their brand of screen comedy are wheezing to an end , along with Green 's half-hearted movie career
serial killer
Divine Secrets of the Ya-Ya Sisterhood suffers from a ploddingly melodramatic structure
, unsubtle and Hollywood-predictable
, utterly distracting blunder
, unrepentantly trashy take on Rice 's second installment of her Vampire Chronicles .
laugh-out-loud ludicrous
laughable as a consequence
( Hawn 's character ) is so bluntly written , without a trace of sentimentality ,
a clunker
a clichéd , doddering , misogynistic boy
a clichéd , doddering , misogynistic boy 's club
a cliche-riddled but self-serious spy thriller
De Niro looks bored , Murphy recycles Murphy , and you mentally add Showtime to the pile of Hollywood dreck that represents nothing more than the art of the deal .
De Niro may enjoy the same free ride from critics afforded to Clint Eastwood in the lazy Bloodwork .
De Niro looks bored
De Niro looks bored , Murphy recycles Murphy ,
De Niro looks bored , Murphy recycles Murphy , and you mentally add Showtime to the pile of Hollywood dreck that represents nothing more than the art of the deal
De Niro and McDormand give solid performances , but their screen time is sabotaged by the story 's inability to create interest
the pathology it pretends to investigate
Forced , familiar and
Forced , familiar
Forced , familiar and thoroughly condescending .
Forced , familiar and thoroughly condescending
For those of us who respond more strongly to storytelling than computer-generated effects , the new Star Wars installment has n't escaped the rut dug by the last one .
Forced
the party favors to sober us up with the transparent attempts at moralizing
orgy
the typical Hollywood disregard for historical truth and realism is at work here
offensive and
offend everyone
off-kilter dialogue
off-putting
offensive and nothing at all like real life
to fill time
to figure out that this is a Mormon family movie , and a sappy , preachy one at that
to feel like you were n't invited to the party
Putty
sometimes murky
sometimes improbable story
sometimes improbable
sometimes tedious --
entertainment opportunism at its most glaring
keening and self-mutilating sideshow
keening and self-mutilating sideshow geeks
, this is the opposite of a truly magical movie .
, this is the most visually unappealing .
, this opera is n't a favorite , so it 's a long time before the fat lady sings .
, this movie strangely enough has the outdated swagger of a shameless ` 70s blaxploitation shuck-and-jive sitcom .
, this movie is a phlegmatic bore , so tedious it makes the silly spy vs. spy film The Sum of All Fears , starring Ben Affleck , seem downright Hitchcockian .
, this sad-sack waste of a movie is a City of ruins .
'' is the operative word for `` Bad Company
'' it 's equally distasteful to watch him sing the lyrics to `` Tonight . ''
'' lacks in depth
'' loses its overall sense of mystery and becomes a TV episode rather than a documentary that you actually buy into .
Lilia 's transformation from strict mother to sensual siren is superficially preposterous , but
is that its protagonist , after being an object of intense scrutiny for 104 minutes , remains a complete blank
is that its protagonist , after being an object of intense scrutiny for 104 minutes , remains a complete blank .
's something deeply creepy about Never
's something deeply creepy about Never Again
was looking for something hard with which to bludgeon myself unconscious .
's so unmemorable
's so unmemorable that it turned my ballpoint notes to invisible ink
's some centered storytelling to go along with all the weird stuff
is that its own action is n't very effective
's so preposterous that I did n't believe it for a second , despite the best efforts of everyone involved .
's so underwritten that you ca n't figure out just where the other characters , including Ana 's father and grandfather , come down on the issue of Ana 's future
's so underwritten that you ca n't figure out just where the other characters , including Ana 's father and grandfather , come down on the issue of Ana 's future .
's so uninspired
place most of the psychological and philosophical material in italics rather than trust an audience 's intelligence
plain , unimaginative
plagued by that old familiar feeling of ` let 's get this thing over with '
plain dumb
was made in 1978 but not released then because it was so weak , and it has been unearthed and released now , when it has become even weaker
should have avoided .
torture
Is there a group of more self-absorbed women than the mother and daughters featured in this film ? I do n't think so . Nothing wrong with performances here , but the whiney characters bugged me
Is the time really ripe for a warmed-over James Bond adventure , with a village idiot as the 007 clone ?
Is it a comedy ? A drama ? A romance ? A cartoon ?
Is it a comedy ? A drama ? A romance ? A cartoon
relied too much
relentlessly nasty
relentlessly nasty situations
relentlessly downbeat
relied too much on convention
it obnoxious and stiff
it never quite makes the grade as tawdry trash .
of overly-familiar and poorly-constructed comedy
sledgehammers
slavishly copies
slavishly
it offends by just being wishy-washy
it offers few surprises and finds its stars slumming in territory
, its quintet of writers could still use some more schooling .
, its soap-opera morality tales have the antiseptic , preprogrammed feel of an after-school special .
, it would have been groundbreaking . Now it 's just tired .
, its power is undercut by its own head-banging obviousness .
, just stuff . Watching Scarlet Diva , one is poised for titillation , raw insight or both . Instead , we just get messy anger , a movie as personal therapy
here 's the real damn : It is n't funny , either .
like me pray for an even more interesting , less symmetrical , less obviously cross-shaped creation .
a shame the marvelous first 101 minutes have to be combined with the misconceived final 5
a stale , overused cocktail using the same olives since 1962 as garnish
Amy and Matthew have a bit of a phony relationship ,
ridiculously inappropriate
empty and unsatisfying
emptiness
empty and unsatisfying , like swallowing a Communion wafer without the wine
ends in bone-crushing screwups
pretty stupid
pretty stupid .
pretty stupid . I had more fun with Ben Stiller 's Zoolander , which I thought was rather clever .
Nothing more than a mediocre trifle .
the filmmakers look down on their working-class subjects from their lofty perch , that finally makes Sex With Strangers , which opens today in the New York metropolitan area , so distasteful
the filmmaking may be a bit disjointed
mind ugly
mimics everyone and everything
might want to take a reality check before you pay the full ticket price to see `` Simone , '' and consider a DVD rental instead .
does n't add up to a sufficient explanation of what the final dance work , the selection , became in its final form
relatively slow
that made The Full Monty a smashing success ... but neglects to add the magic that made it all work
The Time Machine '' is a movie that has no interest in itself . It does n't believe in itself ,
its story is only surface deep
its story just is n't worth telling
its stupidities
its stupidities wind up sticking in one 's mind a lot more than the cool bits .
He 's afraid of His best-known creation
such a lousy way , complete with some of the year 's ( unintentionally ) funniest moments , that it 's impossible to care
the word -- mindless , lifeless , meandering , loud , painful , obnoxious
's not nearly as good as any of its influences
three minutes of dialogue , 30 seconds of plot
resolutely unamusing , how thoroughly unrewarding all of this is
broad stereotypes
broad stereotypes and
broad stereotypes and outrageously unbelievable scenarios
around a core of flimsy -- or , worse yet , nonexistent -- ideas
watch a movie in which a guy dressed as a children 's party clown gets violently gang-raped
An unsuccessful attempt at a movie of ideas .
of malaise
An unwise amalgam
shows crushingly little curiosity about , or is ill-equipped to examine , the interior lives of the characters in his film , much less incorporate them into his narrative .
shows crushingly little curiosity about , or is ill-equipped to examine , the interior lives of the characters in his film , much less incorporate them into his narrative
a lick of sense
the black-and-white archival footage of their act showcases pretty mediocre shtick .
Gedeck ,
writing . Even kids deserve better
Not a film to rival To Live ,
this frozen tundra soap opera
boils down to surviving invaders seeking an existent anti-virus . If only there were one for this kind of movie
boils down to surviving invaders seeking an existent anti-virus . If only there were one for this kind of movie .
bogus story
bogs down in genre cliches
, I hated myself in the morning .
persistently useless
perhaps it 's an emotion closer to pity
turned down
choose the Cliff-Notes over reading a full-length classic
chokes the energy right out of the very audience it seeks to frighten
choppy , surface-effect feeling
choppiness
been slimed in the name of High Art
turn nasty and tragic during the final third of the film
Manages to be both repulsively sadistic and mundane .
miscast leads
mirthless todd solondzian satire and callow student film
miscast leads , banal dialogue and
miscast leads , banal dialogue and an absurdly overblown climax
'm left slightly disappointed that it did n't .
'm convinced I could keep a family of five blind , crippled , Amish people alive in this situation better than these British soldiers do at keeping themselves kicking .
'm just about ready to go to the U . N . and ask permission for a preemptive strike
'm giving it thumbs down due to the endlessly repetitive scenes of embarrassment .
distant
'm not sure which is worse : the poor acting by the ensemble cast ,
'm not sure which is worse : the poor acting by the ensemble cast
too insistent
too hard to be mythic
the audience 's awkward silence
A sad and rote exercise in milking a played-out idea -- a straight guy has to dress up in drag -- that shockingly manages to be even worse than its title
A sad and rote exercise
A retread of material already thoroughly plumbed by Martin Scorsese .
A retread
Kung Pow sets a new benchmark for lameness .
's possible to make a narrative film about September 11th , though I 'm sure some will try
its empty head
its flaws
's not there yet
's often infuriatingly glib and posturing
that unexpected downer of an ending
pure misogynist evil
, the answer is clear : Not easily and , in the end , not well enough .
, the `` big twists '' are pretty easy to guess
, that would be me : fighting off the urge to doze .
too full
, the effect comes off as self-parody .
, the effects not as innovative , nor the story as imaginative as in the original .
... no charm , no laughs , no fun , no reason to watch .
... never quite settles on either side
... may work as an addictive guilty pleasure but the material never overcomes its questionable satirical ambivalence . This Scarlet 's letter is A ... as in aimless , arduous , and arbitrary .
... may look classy in a '60s - homage pokepie hat , but as a character he 's dry , dry , dry .
... manages to embody the worst excesses of nouvelle vague without any of its sense of fun or energy .
... lies a plot cobbled together from largely flat and uncreative moments .
... keep the movie from ever reaching the comic heights it obviously desired .
... one resurrection too many .
When not wallowing in its characters ' frustrations , the movie is busy contriving false , sitcom-worthy solutions to their problems .
When the film ended , I felt tired and drained and wanted to lie on my own deathbed for a while .
When the fire burns out , we 've only come face-to-face with a couple dragons
When the fire burns out , we 've only come face-to-face with a couple dragons and that 's where the film ultimately fails
When the fire burns out , we 've only come face-to-face with a couple dragons and that 's where the film ultimately fails .
stale plot and pornographic way
too indulgent
Pryor wannabe
Proves a lovely trifle that , unfortunately , is a little too in love with its own cuteness .
Punch-Drunk Love is so convinced of its own brilliance that , if it were a person , you 'd want to smash its face in . '
Pumpkin is a mere plot pawn for two directors with far less endearing disabilities
philosophers , not
philosophers , not filmmakers
philosophical void
phlegmatic
phlegmatic bore
finds a consistent tone and lacks bite
finds a consistent tone and lacks bite ,
finds a consistent tone and lacks bite , degenerating into a pious , preachy soap opera
what kind of sewage they shovel into their mental gullets to simulate sustenance
the pile of useless actioners
a Triumph , however , it is not
a Triumph , however , it is not .
scalds like acid
this Nicholas Nickleby finds itself in reduced circumstances -- and
's the worst movie I 've seen this summer
's too bad that the rest is n't more compelling .
's too bad that the rest is n't more compelling
pitifully unromantic
starts out bizarre and just keeps getting weirder
A small fortune in salaries and stunt cars might have been saved if the director , Tom Dey , had spliced together bits and pieces of Midnight Run and 48 Hours ( and , for that matter , Shrek ) .
A small fortune in salaries and stunt cars
A sluggish pace and lack of genuine narrative hem the movie in every bit as much as life hems in the spirits of these young women .
A sluggish pace and lack of genuine narrative
There 's a delightfully quirky movie to be made from curling , but Brooms is n't it .
A small independent film suffering from a severe case of Hollywood-itis .
a bad film
a ` b ' for boring
a bad
If the predictability of bland comfort food appeals to you , then the film is a pleasant enough dish .
If the predictability of bland comfort food appeals to you
If the movie were all comedy , it might work better . But it has an ambition to say something about its subjects , but not a willingness .
their own pseudo-witty copycat interpretations
when he is not more lucratively engaged in the shameless self-caricature of ` Analyze This ' ( 1999 ) and ` Analyze That , ' promised ( or threatened ) for later this year
when it 's really an exercise in gross romanticization of the delusional personality type
be disingenuous to call Reno a great film
be doing something else far more pleasurable
be exasperated by a noticeable lack of pace
be expected from any movie with a `` 2 '' at the end of its title
The following things are not at all entertaining
of unsettling atmospherics
sentimental mess
that gives movies about ordinary folk a bad name
romantic\/comedy asks the question how much souvlaki can you take before indigestion sets in .
Dissing a Bond movie is quite like calling a dog stupid , but when it has the temerity to run over two hours
Dissing
Disney-fied adolescent angst
The movie occasionally threatens to become didactic ,
The movie occasionally threatens to become didactic
The movie occasionally threatens to become didactic , but
blandly cinematic surgical examination
poo
men of marginal intelligence
lynchings
maddening
neurasthenic
neorealism 's
Highly uneven and inconsistent ... Margarita Happy Hour kinda resembles the el cheapo margaritas served within .
Highly uneven and inconsistent ... Margarita Happy Hour kinda
Highly uneven and inconsistent ...
Highly uneven and inconsistent
Highly uneven and
Highly uneven
Its underlying mythology is a hodgepodge of inconsistencies that pose the question :
Its one-sidedness ... flirts with propaganda .
wazoo and sets
Its gross-out gags and colorful set pieces ... are of course stultifyingly contrived and too stylized by half .
Its mysteries are transparently obvious , and it 's too slowly paced to be a thriller
Its inescapable absurdities are tantamount to insulting the intelligence of anyone who has n't been living under a rock ( since Sept. 11 ) .
Its one-sidedness
Its mysteries are transparently obvious , and it 's too slowly paced to be a thriller .
Its one-sidedness ... flirts with propaganda
because it does n't have enough vices to merit its 103-minute length
if you 're watching a movie that was made in 1978 but not released then because it was so weak , and it has been unearthed and released now , when it has become even weaker
the same 15-cent stump speech
introducing an intriguing and alluring premise , only to fall prey to a boatload of screenwriting cliches that sink it faster than a leaky freighter
and the desperate struggle
is unable to save the movie
is unashamedly pro-Serbian
is unashamedly pro-Serbian and makes little attempt to give voice to the other side .
a romantic scenario that is just as simplistic as a Hollywood production
that , come to think of it , the day-old shelf would be a more appropriate location to store it
that , even in all its director 's cut glory , he 's made a film that 's barely shocking , barely interesting and most of all , barely anything
that ( Nelson 's ) achievement does n't match his ambition
The enormous comic potential of an oafish idiot impersonating an aristocrat remains sadly unrealized .
The ending is a cop-out . What happens to John Q ? I do n't have an I Am Sam clue .
The ending is a cop-out . What happens to John Q ?
it causing significant harm and not smelly enough to bother despising
it chokes the energy right out of the very audience it seeks to frighten
victim ... and an ebullient affection for industrial-model meat freezers
victim to sloppy plotting
victim to sloppy plotting ,
victim to sloppy plotting , an insultingly unbelievable final act and
it barely gives one pause when considering some of the other dreck out there right now .
it can be made on the cheap .
Not everything works ,
Not as distinctive or even as humorous as its needs to be to stand out , but
cold blanket
trying to sneak out of the theater
characterized as robotic sentiment
saddled with an unwieldy cast of characters and angles
saddled
saddest
, i.e. Peploe 's , it 's simply unbearable
Works hard to establish rounded characters , but then has nothing fresh or particularly interesting to say about them .
the ride 's a little bumpy , with a final lap that 's all too suspiciously smooth
, if it only had a brain .
in the car , bitch ,
If you are willing to do this , then you so crazy !
guffaw with a script
, however , Kilmer seems to be posing , rather than acting .
last-minute
appalled
Preposterous and
Pretentious editing ruins a potentially terrific flick
Pretentious
appalled by an Asian film since Shinya Tsukamoto 's Iron Man
to wrench my eyes out of my head and toss them at the screen
Dark , resonant ,
The dialogue is very choppy and monosyllabic despite the fact that it is being dubbed .
would likely be most effective if used as a tool to rally anti-Catholic protestors .
his characters are acting horribly
muddled , repetitive and ragged
muck
muddy psychological thriller
muddled drama
much worse than bland or
much worse than bland or better than inconsequential
, unfunny and unrecommendable
muddy sound
comes to resemble the kind of soft-core twaddle you 'd expect to see on Showtime 's ` Red Shoe Diaries . '
figuring it out would n't make Trouble Every Day any better .
fill The Hot Chick , the latest gimmick from this unimaginative comedian .
comes to resemble the kind of soft-core twaddle you 'd expect to see on Showtime 's ` Red Shoe Diaries
fill time
filled with crude humor and vulgar innuendo
Those who are only mildly curious , I fear , will be put to sleep or bewildered by the artsy and often pointless visuals .
the tawdry
only occasionally satirical and never fresh
only half-hearted
only half-hearted in its spy mechanics
pitch your expectations at an all time low
pillage from Shirley Jackson , Richard Matheson ... and puke up something like ROSE RED
pillage from Shirley Jackson , Richard Matheson ...
pinned to its huckster lapel while a yellow streak a mile wide decorates its back
pinned to its huckster lapel
save Oleander 's uninspired story
save everyone the misery
cuss him out severely for bungling the big stuff
cut-and-paste job
us '' versus '' them ''
almost perpetually wasted characters
the dimming
the dialogue is frequently overwrought and crudely literal
the difficult process of adapting to loss
the difficult relationship between a father and son
... an hour-and-a-half of inoffensive , unmemorable filler .
... an airless , prepackaged Julia Roberts wannabe that stinks so badly of hard-sell image-mongering you 'll wonder if Lopez 's publicist should share screenwriting credit .
... an unimaginative , nasty , glibly cynical piece of work .
... a plotline that 's as lumpy as two-day old porridge ... the filmmakers ' paws , sad to say , were all over this '' un-bear-able '' project !
... a hokey piece of nonsense that tries too hard to be emotional .
... although this idea is '' new '' the results are tired .
In the wake of Saving Private Ryan , Black Hawk Down and We Were Soldiers , you are likely to be as heartily sick of mayhem as Cage 's war-weary marine .
In theory , a middle-aged romance pairing Clayburgh and Tambor sounds promising , but in practice it 's something else altogether -- clownish and offensive and nothing at all like real life .
clips from Brian De Palma 's Scarface . That 's a cheat
's a little bumpy , with a final lap that 's all too suspiciously smooth
poorly-constructed
creating the characters who surround Frankie
a train wreck
moral emptiness
Its plot and animation offer daytime TV serviceability , but little more .
questions cinema 's capability for recording truth .
, it traps audiences in a series of relentlessly nasty situations that we would pay a considerable ransom not to be looking at .
, it sounds like a cruel deception carried out by men of marginal intelligence , with reactionary ideas about women and a total lack of empathy .
, it tends to speculation , conspiracy theories or , at best , circumstantial evidence
, it suffers from the awkwardness that results from adhering to the messiness of true stories .
, it must have read ` seeking anyone with acting ambition but no sense of pride or shame . '
, it should pay reparations to viewers .
, it probably would look a lot like this alarming production , adapted from Anne Rice 's novel The Vampire Chronicles .
of dissidents in the streets
of dishonesty
A ... as in aimless , arduous , and arbitrary
? Um , no .
? Sadly , as Blood Work proves , that was a long , long time ago .
A '' Home Alone '' film that is staged like '' Rosemary 's Baby , '' but is not as well-conceived as either of those films .
deceit
decided lack of spontaneity in its execution and a dearth of real poignancy in its epiphanies
It might be ` easier ' to watch on video at home
Sheridan 's take on the author 's schoolboy memoir ... is a rather toothless take on a hard young life .
It must be the end of the world :
Sheridan 's take on the author 's schoolboy memoir ... is a rather toothless take on a hard young life
How can such a cold movie claim to express warmth
accident
accident-prone
How Long Is This Movie
How about surprising us by trying something new
How I Killed My Father is one of those art house films that makes you feel like you 're watching an iceberg melt -- only
slog
to worry about being subjected to farts , urine , feces , semen , or any of the other foul substances
piss on trees , b . s .
piss on trees , b . s
of a parody of a comedy of a premise
of a mushy , existential exploration of why men leave their families
sinks further and further
tabloid journalism
Lacks the visual flair and bouncing bravado that characterizes better hip-hop clips and is content to recycle images and characters that were already tired 10 years ago .
Jaglomized is the Cannes Film Festival , the annual Riviera spree of flesh , buzz , blab and money
purposeless violence
is simply not enough of interest onscreen to sustain its seventy-minute running time
is simply not enough of interest onscreen
is simply tired
is simply not enough of interest onscreen to sustain its seventy-minute running time .
is shallow , offensive and redundant , with pitifully few real laughs
is shallow , offensive and redundant ,
is silly beyond comprehension
is shallow , offensive and redundant , with pitifully few real laughs .
It 's slow -- very , very slow .
unimaginative
is somehow making its way instead to theaters
is somehow making its way instead to theaters .
is so disgusting that viewers may be hard pressed to retain their lunch .
is so stale , in fact , that its most vibrant scene is one that uses clips from Brian De Palma 's Scarface .
is so insanely stupid , so awful in so many ways that watching it leaves you giddy
is so stale , in fact , that its most vibrant scene is one that uses clips from Brian De Palma 's Scarface
is a smorgasbord of soliloquies about nothing delivered by the former mr
silly overkill
silly rather than plausible
silly rather than
is a lumbering , wheezy drag
so-five-minutes-ago pop music
so-so , made-for-TV
so-so slapstick
soap opera-ish dialogue
soap opera that Tornatore was right to cut
what 's on Saturday morning TV especially the pseudo-educational stuff we all ca n't stand
's a little bumpy
's a humble effort , but
in the solemnity with which it tries to pump life into overworked elements from Eastwood 's Dirty Harry period
in the rush of slapstick thoroughfare
midlife crisis
clunky
clunky tv-movie
clumsily
clunkiness
cockamamie
Rock 's stand-up magic wanes .
wavers between Hallmark card sentimentality and goofy , life-affirming moments straight out of a cellular phone commercial
watered-down it almost loses what made you love it
, hastily , emptily
While the production details are lavish , film has little insight into the historical period and its artists , particularly in how Sand developed a notorious reputation .
While the story is better-focused than the incomprehensible Anne Rice novel it 's based upon , Queen Of The Damned is a pointless , meandering celebration of the goth-vampire , tortured woe-is-me lifestyle .
While there 's likely very little crossover appeal to those without much interest in the Elizabethans ( as well as rank frustration from those in the know about Rubbo 's dumbed-down tactics )
the face of death
was n't feeling any of it
was n't a good movie
plod
European pickup . What 's hard to understand
anti-date movie
anti-date
antithesis
anyone who has seen Chicago on stage will leave the theater feeling they 've watched nothing but a pale imitation of the real deal
anyone who has seen The Hunger or Cat People will find little new here
a sitcom without the snap-crackle
a single iota worse
The Master Of Disaster - it 's a piece of dreck disguised as comedy .
The Other Side of Heaven '' appalling ''
smirk uneasily at the film 's nightmare versions of everyday sex-in-the-city misadventures
aside , the only thing Avary seems to care about are mean giggles and pulchritude . It makes sense that he went back to school to check out the girls -- his film is a frat boy 's idea of a good time .
interminably it 's like watching a miserable relationship unfold in real time
to pass this stinker off as a scary movie
smirk uneasily
was god awful
left well enough alone and just
left an acrid test in this gourmet 's mouth .
completely crass and forgettable
completely inane
completely crass and forgettable movie
completely loses its creepy menace .
completely lacking in chills
completely misses its emotions
to pass off its lack of imagination as hip knowingness
has no teeth
has made before , like beau travil and nenette et boni , could prepare us for this gory , perverted , sex-soaked riff on the cannibal genre
has little else to offer
's no place for this story to go but down
's no real reason to see it
's no real sense of suspense
's no rooting interest
's not a comedic moment in this romantic comedy
's not a comedic moment in this romantic comedy .
's not a fresh idea at the core of this tale .
's not a particularly good film
washed away
was feeling this movie until it veered off too far into the exxon zone , and left me behind at the station looking for a return ticket to realism
was bored and ... decided to make a dull , pretentious version of jesus ' son
was i scared ? only at the prospect of beck 's next project . let 's see , a haunted house , a haunted ship , what 's next ... ghost blimp
was i scared ? only at the prospect of beck 's next project . let 's see , a haunted house , a haunted ship , what 's next ... ghost blimp ?
a big , baggy , sprawling carnival of a movie , stretching out before us with little rhyme or reason
a big , baggy , sprawling carnival of a movie , stretching out before us with little rhyme or reason .
a big , baggy , sprawling carnival
a bland , surfacey way that does n't offer any insight into why , for instance , good things happen to bad people
Thumbs Friggin ' Down
Time literally stops on a dime in the tries-so-hard-to-be-cool '' Clockstoppers ,
Time literally stops on a dime in the tries-so-hard-to-be-cool '' Clockstoppers
a bland murder-on-campus yawner .
lukewarm and quick to pass
ludicrous enough
lukewarm and
ludicrous attempt
narrative and ( too ) short
Perceptive in its vision of nascent industrialized world politics as a new art form , but far too clunky , didactic and saddled with scenes that seem simply an ill fit for this movie .
An almost unbearably morbid love story .
An already thin story
An already thin story boils down to surviving invaders seeking an existent anti-virus . If only there were one for this kind of movie .
An alternately raucous and sappy ethnic sitcom ... you 'd be wise to send your regrets .
to infamy
Gaghan 's
of run-of-the-mill profanity
sad to say -- it accurately reflects the rage and alienation that fuels the self-destructiveness of many young people .
watching an iceberg melt -- only
you are likely to be as heartily sick of mayhem as Cage 's war-weary marine .
Brisk hack job .
Britney Spears has popped up with more mindless drivel
what on earth is going on
, hypocritical
, humorless soap opera
an unpleasant debate that 's been given the drive of a narrative and that 's been acted out
Lost Dreams
Lost
the absurdity
the absurdity of its protagonist 's plight
the absence of spiritual guidance
's kind of insulting , both to men and women
's kinda dumb
's kinda dumb .
's like an old Warner Bros. costumer jived with sex
's like going to a house party and watching the host defend himself against a frothing ex-girlfriend
's like going to a house party and watching the host defend himself against a frothing ex-girlfriend .
Despite slick production values and director Roger Michell 's tick-tock pacing , the final effect is like having two guys yelling in your face for two hours .
Despite its visual virtuosity , ` Naqoyqatsi ' is banal in its message and the choice of material to convey it .
Despite some strong performances , never rises above the level of a telanovela .
Despite some comic sparks , Welcome to Collinwood never catches fire .
but a complete failure
a terrible
a terrible story
a tendency to sag in certain places
a technological exercise that lacks juice and delight
angling to see how many times they can work the words `` radical '' or `` suck '' into a sentence
no special effects , and no Hollywood endings
no way
Opera on film is never satisfactory .
Opens as promising as any war\/adventure film you 'll ever see and dissolves into a routine courtroom drama , better suited for a movie titled `` Glory : A Soldier 's Story . ''
None of Birthday Girl 's calculated events take us by surprise ...
Nobody seems to have cared much about any aspect of it , from its cheesy screenplay to the grayish quality of its lighting to its last-minute , haphazard theatrical release .
No one involved , save Dash , shows the slightest aptitude for acting , and the script , credited to director Abdul Malik Abbott and Ernest ` Tron ' Anderson , seems entirely improvised .
No one involved , save Dash , shows the slightest aptitude for acting , and the script , credited to director Abdul Malik Abbott and Ernest ` Tron ' Anderson , seems entirely improvised
No one involved , save Dash , shows the slightest aptitude for acting ,
No one involved , save Dash , shows the slightest aptitude for acting
Harrison 's Flowers puts its heart in the right place , but its brains are in no particular place at all
's kind of insulting
the spell they cast is n't the least bit mesmerizing
's just too bad the screenwriters eventually shoot themselves in the feet with cop flick cliches like an oily arms dealer , squad car pile-ups and the requisite screaming captain .
's just not very smart .
's just not very smart
Staggeringly dreadful romance .
up more of a creaky '' Pretty Woman '' retread , with the emphasis on self-empowering schmaltz and big-wave surfing that gives pic its title an afterthought
Sarah 's dedication to finding her husband seems more psychotic than romantic , and nothing in the movie makes a convincing case that one woman 's broken heart outweighs all the loss we witness
that scalds like acid
reality shows -- reality shows for God 's sake ! -- is a crime that should be punishable by chainsaw .
reality shows for God 's sake ! --
reality shows -- reality shows for God 's sake ! --
to leave the theater
Hollywood fluff
Hollywood excess
Smug , artificial , ill-constructed and fatally overlong ... it never finds a consistent tone and lacks bite , degenerating into a pious , preachy soap opera
Snipes is both a snore and utter tripe .
have an original bone in his body
one in Clockstoppers , a sci-fi thriller as lazy as it is interminable
such a good design turns out to be a cheap knockoff
such a blip on the year 's radar screen
succumbs to being nothing more than a formulaic chase in the dark .
successful at faking some pretty cool stunts but a complete failure at trying to create some pretty cool characters . And forget about any attempt at a plot !
It 's all pretty cynical and condescending , too .
is never able to pull it back on course .
is never any question of how things will turn out
is never clear
is never especially clever and
is never especially clever and often
video , and so devoid of artifice and purpose that it appears not to have been edited at all .
video , and so devoid of artifice and purpose that it appears not to have been edited at all
video , and so devoid of artifice and purpose
video before month 's end
hinges on the subgenre 's most enabling victim ... and an ebullient affection for industrial-model meat freezers
cannibal genre
by the time the credits roll across the pat ending
in practice it 's something else altogether -- clownish and offensive and nothing at all like real life
in producing that most frightening of all movies -- a mediocre horror film too bad to be good and too good to be bad
easy swipe to take
easy to imagine that a new software program spit out the screenplay
have come to term an '' ambitious failure
have come away hating the second one .
have come away hating the second one
have called it Gutterball
have been written using Mad-libs . There can be no other explanation . Hilariously inept and ridiculous
have ditched the artsy pretensions and revelled in the entertaining shallows
of its pretensions
pretty much self-centered
, the overpraised Elizabeth
Though Howard demonstrates a great eye as a director , this Southern Gothic drama is sadly a tough sit , with an undeveloped narrative and enough flashbacks and heavy-handed metaphors to choke a horse -- or at least slow him down to a canter .
Though Ganesh is successful in a midlevel sort of way , there 's nothing so striking or fascinating or metaphorically significant about his career as to rate two hours of our attention .
Though Frida is easier to swallow than Julie Taymor 's preposterous Titus , the eye candy here lacks considerable brio .
Though Moonlight Mile is replete with acclaimed actors and actresses and tackles a subject that 's potentially moving , the movie is too predictable and too self-conscious to reach a level of high drama .
separation and loss
any scenes that might have required genuine acting from Ms . Spears
puerile men
and , in the end , not well enough
brainless
brainless insanity
aspires to comedic grand larceny but
aspires to comedic grand larceny but stands convicted of nothing more than petty theft of your time
aspires to comedic grand larceny but stands convicted of nothing more than petty theft of your time .
assert
disorientated
disparate elements
disorientated .
disposable , kitchen-sink homage
is not entirely successful
's been hyped to be because it plays everything too safe
genteel and unsurprising
than the finished film , that 's a bad sign
stoop so low
nothing fresh about Wannabes , which was written by Mr . DeMeo
nothing fresh about Wannabes , which was written by Mr . DeMeo , who produced and directed the film with Charles A . Addessi , much of the time
`` Empire '' lacks in depth
feel uneasy , even queasy , because ( Solondz 's ) cool compassion
feel uneasy , even queasy ,
feel uneasy , even queasy
feel you 've just watched a feature-length video game with some really heavy back story
the abyss
as unoriginal
puzzling than unsettling
puzzles me is the lack of emphasis on music in Britney Spears ' first movie .
jabs
, no matter how degraded things get .
damn
, nasty journey
, nearly psychic nuances
The film 's trailer also looked like crap , so crap is what I was expecting .
The film 's thoroughly recycled plot and tiresome jokes ... drag the movie down .
The film 's thoroughly recycled plot and tiresome jokes ...
One minute , you think you 're watching a serious actioner ; the next , it 's as though clips from The Pink Panther Strikes Again and\/or Sailor Moon have been spliced in .
The film 's thoroughly recycled plot
The film , like Jimmy 's routines , could use a few good laughs .
that Heaven allows , if you wanted to make as anti-Kieslowski a pun as possible . Suffice to say its total promise is left slightly unfulfilled
that Hollywood is n't laughing with us , folks . It 's laughing at us
to be the definition of a ` bad ' police shooting
One look at a girl in tight pants and big tits and you turn stupid ?
Not all of the stories work and the ones that do
A mimetic approximation of better films like Contempt and 8 1\/2 .
Not all of the stories work and the ones that do are thin and scattered ,
Not all of the stories work and the ones that do are thin and scattered , but
that Ethan Hawke would be even worse behind the camera than he is in front of it
looks to be going through the motions , beginning with the pale script
looks to be going through the motions , beginning with the pale script .
loosely-connected string
plays like a tired Tyco ad .
that Craven endorses They simply because this movie makes his own look much better by comparison
know where all the buttons are , and how to push them
the story and the actors are served with a hack script .
put together by some cynical creeps at revolution studios and imagine entertainment to make the suckers out there surrender $ 9 and 93 minutes of unrecoverable life
put together his slasher video
put to sleep or bewildered by the artsy and often pointless visuals
put together by some cynical creeps at revolution studios
put together by some cynical creeps at revolution studios and
the staleness of its script
weep for the future when a good portion of the respected critical community in this country consider Blue Crush to be an intelligent film about young women .
, I think it 's in projects like the ( unfortunately R-rated ) Paid .
( unfortunately R-rated )
are left with a superficial snapshot that , however engaging , is insufficiently enlightening and inviting
are just too many characters saying too many clever things and getting into too many pointless situations . Where 's the movie here ?
are just too many characters saying too many clever things and getting into too many pointless situations . Where 's the movie here
lack depth or complexity ,
lack depth or complexity , with the ironic exception of Scooter
are left with something like two ships passing in the night rather than any insights into gay love
are left with a superficial snapshot that , however engaging , is insufficiently enlightening and inviting .
laborious whine , the bellyaching of a paranoid and unlikable man .
lack a strong-minded viewpoint , or a sense of humor
are little more than collections of quirky traits lifted from a screenwriter 's outline and thrown at actors charged with the impossible task of making them jell .
labored writing and slack direction
laborious
laborious pacing
laborious whine , the bellyaching of a paranoid and unlikable man
Problem Child IV
deserves , at the very least , a big box of consolation candy
deserves a better vehicle
deserves , at the very least , a big box of consolation candy .
deserve better
deserves a better vehicle than this facetious smirk of a movie
But as a movie , it 's a humorless , disjointed mess .
But I had a lot of problems with this movie .
But I was n't .
But an unwillingness to explore beyond the surfaces of her characters prevents Nettelbeck 's film from coming together .
But Windtalkers does n't beat that one , either .
its focus , point and purpose in a mess of mixed messages , over-blown drama and Bruce Willis
the auditorium feeling dizzy , confused
I was watching a documentary about the wartime Navajos and what they accomplished instead of all this specious Hollywood hoo-ha
I wasted 123 minutes and $ 9
I wish I could say '' Thank God It 's Friday ''
I wish I could say '' Thank God It 's Friday '' ,
I watched the brainless insanity of No Such Thing with mounting disbelief .
These guys seem great to knock back a beer with but they 're simply not funny performers .
I wish I could say '' Thank God It 's Friday '' , but
These self-styled athletes have banged their brains into the ground so frequently and furiously , their capacity to explain themselves has gone the same way as their natural instinct for self-preservation .
the stale material
told by the man who wrote it but this Cliff Notes edition is a cheat
victims
so shameless and coarse
so rambling
so rambling and
so rambling and disconnected it never builds any suspense
so ripe the film ca n't help but go soft and stinky
Those who are not acquainted with the author 's work , on the other hand , may fall fast asleep .
Those seeking a definitive account of Eisenstein 's life would do better elsewhere .
Thoroughly awful .
Thoroughly awful
to produce something that is ultimately suspiciously familiar
the wayward wooden one end it all by stuffing himself into an electric pencil sharpener
, credulous , unassuming , subordinate subjects .
, despite downplaying her good looks , carries a little too much ai n't - she-cute baggage into her lead role as a troubled and determined homicide cop to quite pull off the heavy stuff .
, desiccated talent
Payami tries to raise some serious issues about Iran 's electoral process ,
regret
sellouts
selling his film short
nasty journey
A fairly harmless but ultimately lifeless feature-length
A fairly harmless but ultimately lifeless feature-length afterschool special
A fairly harmless but ultimately lifeless feature-length afterschool special .
A fake street drama
A dull , simple-minded and stereotypical tale of drugs , death and mind-numbing indifference on the inner-city streets .
A dull , somnambulant exercise
A dull , somnambulant exercise in pretension whose pervasive quiet
A dull , somnambulant exercise in pretension whose pervasive quiet is broken by frequent outbursts of violence and noise .
A fake street drama that keeps telling you
A fake street drama that keeps telling you things instead of showing them
the nuances of pain
weepy Southern bore-athon .
ethnic cleansing
evelyn may be based on a true and historically significant story , but the filmmakers have made every effort to disguise it as an unimaginative screenwriter 's invention .
evelyn may be based on a true and historically significant story , but the filmmakers have made every effort to disguise it as an unimaginative screenwriter 's invention
's clear the filmmakers were n't sure where they wanted their story to go , and even more clear that they lack the skills to get us to this undetermined destination .
's critic-proof , simply because it aims so low
's difficult not to cuss him out severely for bungling the big stuff
has a built-in audience , but only among those who are drying out from spring break and are still unconcerned about what they ingest
has a built-in audience , but only among those who are drying out from spring break
has a built-in audience , but only among those who are drying out from spring break and
has made the near-fatal mistake of being what the English call ` too clever by half .
has made the near-fatal mistake of being what the English call ` too clever by half . '
off his game
off as annoying rather than charming
off more than he or anyone else could chew
blurs the line between black comedy and black hole .
were put to sleep by the movie and
This starts off with a 1950 's Doris Day feel and it gets very ugly , very fast . The first five minutes will have you talking 'til the end of the year !
This starts off with a 1950 's Doris Day feel and it gets very ugly , very fast . The first five minutes will have you talking 'til the end of the year
This starts off with a 1950 's Doris Day feel and it gets very ugly ,
This starts off with a 1950 's Doris Day feel and it gets very ugly
is its lame aspiration for grasping the coolness vibes when in fact the film is n't as flippant or slick as it thinks it is
is its complete and utter lack of tension
is itself a sort of cinematic high crime , one that brings military courtroom dramas down very , very low .
is itself a sort of cinematic high crime , one that brings military courtroom dramas down very , very low
very slow , uneventful
very shapable but largely unfulfilling
very shapable but largely unfulfilling present
very sluggish
very sluggish pace
wallowing in hormonal melodrama
walked out muttering words like `` horrible '' and `` terrible , ''
walked out muttering words like `` horrible '' and `` terrible ,
walked out muttering words like `` horrible '' and `` terrible , '' but had so much fun dissing the film that they did n't mind the ticket cost
walked out muttering words like `` horrible '' and `` terrible , '' but
walked out of Runteldat
walked out muttering words like `` horrible '' and `` terrible , '' but had so much fun dissing the film that they did n't mind the ticket cost .
walked the delicate tightrope between farcical and loathsome
of how Sandler is losing his touch
spectacle and
tediously
in the dullest kiddie flicks
to pitch into farce , yet only half-hearted in its spy mechanics
to pro-serb propaganda
to pile too many '' serious issues '' on its plate at times
in the end , it stays in formula -- which is a waste of De Niro , McDormand and the other good actors in the cast
as dull as its characters , about whose fate it is hard to care
as dumb , credulous , unassuming , subordinate subjects .
as dumb
as easy to be bored by as your ABC 's
as emotionally manipulative and sadly imitative of innumerable past Love Story derisions
'' cremaster 3 '' should come with the warning '' for serious film buffs only !
while certainly more naturalistic than its australian counterpart , amari 's film falls short in building the drama of lilia 's journey
by people who could n't pass an entrance exam
by people far more talented than Ali G
by people who ca n't come up with legitimate funny
by lowering your expectations
: neither as funny nor as clever
any ` reality ' show
and artistically inept
with the consequences of words and with the complicated emotions fueling terrorist acts
heartbreak
heartache everyone
infantile humor
infantile that makes you wonder about changing the director and writer 's diapers
infidelity and
inflated nonsense
inflated past its natural length
really as bad as you might think
reality-snubbing
realize , much to our dismay
realize , much to our dismay , that this really did happen
realize , much to our dismay ,
realize that they 've already seen this exact same movie a hundred times
while certainly more naturalistic than its australian counterpart , amari 's film falls short in building the drama of lilia 's journey .
Baran is shockingly devoid of your typical Majid Majidi shoe-loving , crippled children .
flailing away
a wooden delivery
flailing
in which a guy dressed as a children 's party clown gets violently gang-raped ?
is really just another genre picture .
is really the only thing that 's worth watching in Birthday Girl , a film by the stage-trained Jez Butterworth ( Mojo ) that serves as yet another example of the sad decline of British comedies in the post-Full Monty world
Murder and mayhem of this sort quickly becomes monotonous .
exploring her process of turning pain into art would have made this a superior movie
explored previously with better aplomb and sardonic wit
Murder By Numbers is like a couple of mediocre TV-movie - of-the-week films clumsily stuck together
Murder By Numbers is like a couple of mediocre TV-movie -
Murder By Numbers is like a couple of mediocre TV-movie
Murder and
Barney 's ideas about creation and identity do n't really seem all that profound , at least by way of what can be gleaned from this three-hour endurance test built around an hour 's worth of actual material .
Ballistic : Ecks vs . Sever is a dumb action movie .
Ballistic is oddly lifeless .
Barely goes beyond comic book status .
proves that it 's easier to change the sheets than to change hackneyed concepts when it comes to dreaming up romantic comedies
proves that it 's easier to change the sheets than to change hackneyed concepts when it comes to dreaming up romantic comedies .
proves that a nightmare is a wish a studio 's wallet makes .
proves preposterous , the acting is robotically italicized ,
proves once again that a man in drag is not in and of himself funny
proves once again that a man in drag is not in and of himself funny .
left wondering about this exotic-looking woman whose emotional depths are only hinted at
left with something like two ships passing in the night rather than any insights into gay love
left with a superficial snapshot
ultimately empty examination
ultimately empty
futile lifestyle
crudely literal
crucifixion
gasp appalled
It 's a setup so easy it borders on facile ,
It 's a setup so easy it borders on facile , but
once overly old-fashioned
It 's a shame the marvelous first 101 minutes have to be combined with the misconceived final 5 .
told by a cinematic gymnast having too much fun embellishing the misanthropic tale to actually engage it .
-- as if the director is trying to dupe the viewer into taking it all as Very Important simply because the movie is ugly to look at and not a Hollywood product
-- and gross --
-- an unpleasant debate that 's been given the drive of a narrative and that 's been acted out --
Adults , other than the parents ... will be hard pressed to succumb to the call of the wild .
After a while
After a while , Hoffman 's quirks and mannerisms , particularly his penchant for tearing up on cue -- things that seem so real in small doses -- become annoying and artificial .
like a made-for-home-video quickie
like a milquetoast movie of the week blown up for the big screen
like a highbrow , low-key , 102-minute infomercial , blending entrepreneurial zeal with the testimony of satisfied customers .
like a rejected X-Files episode than a credible account of a puzzling real-life happening
like a rejected X-Files episode than a credible account of a puzzling real-life happening .
like a particularly amateurish episode of Bewitched that takes place during Spring Break
like a ruse , a tactic to cover up the fact that the picture is constructed around a core of flimsy -- or , worse yet , nonexistent -- ideas
yet another visit
For me , this opera is n't a favorite , so it 's a long time before the fat lady sings .
For all its shoot-outs , fistfights , and car chases , this movie is a phlegmatic bore , so tedious it makes the silly spy vs. spy film The Sum of All Fears , starring Ben Affleck , seem downright Hitchcockian .
together and not quite enough characterization
's one pussy-ass world when even killer-thrillers revolve around group therapy sessions
's one pussy-ass world when even killer-thrillers revolve around group therapy sessions .
leaks out of the movie , flattening its momentum with about an hour to go .
leaks out of the movie , flattening its momentum with about an hour to go
leaning on badly-rendered CGI effects
's often overwritten
's often overwritten ,
's often overwritten , with a surfeit of weighty revelations , flowery dialogue , and nostalgia for the past and roads not taken
central gimmick
based on ugly ideas instead of ugly behavior ,
paid enough to sit through crap like this
packed with subplots involving the various Silbersteins that it feels more like the pilot episode of a TV series than a feature film
paced , and often just plain dull
smeary and blurry ,
of what critics have come to term an `` ambitious failure
, it runs for 170
, it simply lulls you into a gentle waking coma .
, it stays in formula -- which is a waste of De Niro , McDormand and the other good actors in the cast
, it still cuts all the way down to broken bone .
, it still feels somewhat unfinished .
kiddie-flick sentimentality
the thin characterizations , nonexistent plot and pretentious visual style
the worst possibilities
single digits kidlets Stuart Little 2 is still a no brainer .
the thematic ironies are too obvious
show this movie to reviewers before its opening , afraid of the bad reviews they thought they 'd earn
unfocused
is tortured and unsettling
after-school '' cartoon
the canadian 's inane ramblings
Scratch for a lesson in scratching
give a spark to `` Chasing Amy '' and `` Changing Lanes '' falls flat as thinking man CIA agent Jack Ryan in this summer 's new action film , `` The Sum of All Fears
with the ferocity of a frozen burrito
give a spark to `` Chasing Amy '' and `` Changing Lanes '' falls flat as thinking man CIA agent Jack Ryan in this summer 's new action film ,
, Lawrence desperately looks elsewhere , seizing on George 's haplessness and Lucy 's personality tics .
, Lawrence sounds whiny and defensive , as if his life-altering experiences made him bitter and less mature .
, Jeong-Hyang Lee 's film is just as likely to blacken that organ with cold vengefulness .
, Juwanna Mann is even more ludicrous than you 'd expect from the guy-in-a-dress genre
that they border on being cartoonlike
the -LRB- unfortunately R-rated -RRB-
the -LRB- unfortunately R-rated -RRB- Paid
but cuts deeper than expected
to show this movie to reviewers before its opening , afraid of the bad reviews they thought they 'd earn .
to sit through than most of Jaglom 's self-conscious and gratingly irritating films
is so prolonged and boring it is n't even close to being the barn-burningly bad movie it promised it would be .
is so thoughtlessly assembled .
is so thoughtlessly assembled
is no longer accessible
expected
the heart , one which it fails to get
experimental enough to alienate the mainstream audience while ringing cliched to hardened indie-heads
however , manages just to be depressing , as the lead actor phones in his autobiographical performance .
however engaging , is insufficiently enlightening and inviting
grow increasingly disturbed
gross out the audience
gross out
the sad decline of British comedies
the sad schlock merchant of ` Deadly Friend
real downer
is diluted by too much stage business in the modern day
is diluted by too much stage business in the modern day .
been more satisfying if it had , in fact , been fleshed out a little more instead of going for easy smiles
been plundered by similar works featuring the insight
been packaged and sold back to us by Hollywood
overplayed and exaggerated
overkill to the highest degree
overlong and not well-acted
overlong and
overlong and not well-acted , but
overlong and not well-acted ,
overplayed
overlong and not well-acted , but credit writer-producer-director
with Green 's half-hearted movie career
with Guardian hack Nick Davies
too obviously
too offensive
too mushy
too mushy -- and in a relatively short amount of time
too much of the energy
too much to do , too little time to do it in
too neat and new pin-like
too narrow to attract crossover viewers
This film 's relationship to actual tension is the same as what Christmas-tree flocking in a spray can is to actual snow : a poor -- if durable -- imitation .
This film , starring Anthony Hopkins and Chris Rock , is your typical ` fish out of water ' story . You 've seen them a million times . Just one problem : Fish out of water usually die .
This film , starring Anthony Hopkins and Chris Rock , is your typical ` fish out of water ' story . You 've seen them a million times . Just one problem : Fish out of water usually die . This one does .
This film is full of rabbits . Brimful . But like most rabbits , it seems to lack substance
with '' independent film '' as a commodified , sold-out concept on the American filmmaking scene
by the dispassionate Gantz brothers as ordinary , pasty lumpen
take before indigestion sets in
take me back to a time before i saw this movie and i could just skip it
tadpole is emblematic of the witless ageism afflicting films : young is cool , and too young is too cool
take before indigestion sets
its brains are in no particular place at all
its bad-luck timing
Every now and again , a movie comes along to remind us of how very bad a motion picture can truly be . Frank McKlusky C . I . is that movie !
veers uncomfortably close to pro-serb propaganda .
Every now and again , a movie comes along to remind us of how very bad a motion picture can truly be . Frank McKlusky C . I .
Eventually , they will have a showdown , but , by then , your senses are as mushy as peas and you do n't care who fires the winning shot .
veers uncomfortably close to pro-serb propaganda
to be slathered on crackers and served as a feast of bleakness
veered off too far into the exxon zone , and left me behind at the station looking for a return ticket to realism
veers
about it causing significant harm and not smelly enough to bother despising
veered off too far into the exxon zone
followed by thirty-five minutes of inflated nonsense
folks . It 's laughing at us
in too many conflicts
in this tepid genre offering
in this startlingly unfunny comedy
in this sort of stop-go slow motion that makes the gang rumbles look like they 're being streamed
in this less-than-magic kingdom
in this film , which is often preachy and poorly acted
secondhand , familiar -- and not in a good way
The Transporter bombards the viewer with so many explosions and side snap kicks that it ends up being surprisingly dull .
focuses on Joan 's raging hormones and sledgehammers the audience with Spanish inquisitions about her '' madness '' so much that I became mad that I wasted 123 minutes and $ 9 . 50 on this 21st century torture device .
search of purpose or even a plot
focusing on the story 's least interesting subject
second fiddle
second-rate
in a long time that made me want to bolt the theater in the first 10 minutes
Losin '
Losin ' his fan base
Lord as a luv-spreading Dr . Feelgood or omnipotent slacker
viewers looking for nothing
not a cozy or ingratiating work ,
, there is n't a redeeming moment here .
, there is n't much
, there 's no saving the movie . Sorry , Charlie
, there 's also an abundance of hackneyed dialogue and more silly satanic business than you can shake a severed limb at .
, there 's little to love about this English trifle .
, there 's nothing so striking or fascinating or metaphorically significant about his career as to rate two hours of our attention .
, there 's no sense of actual passion being washed away in love 's dissolution .
, there 's nothing here you have n't seen before .
If Sinise 's character had a brain his ordeal would be over in five minutes but instead the plot
makes no sense
would require many sessions on the couch of Dr . Freud .
slopped 'em together
slopped 'em together here
sloppy , over-the-top ,
were once amusing
sloppy script
Journalistically dubious , inept and often lethally dull
Journalistically dubious , inept and often lethally dull .
works on no level whatsoever for me .
Jones , despite a definitely distinctive screen presence , just is n't able to muster for a movie that , its title notwithstanding , should have been a lot nastier if it wanted to fully capitalize on its lead 's specific gifts .
Journalistically dubious ,
Journalistically dubious , inept
There 's a heavy stench of ` been there , done that ' hanging over the film . It 's everything you 'd expect -- but nothing more .
There 's a heavy stench of ` been there , done that ' hanging over the film .
There 's a little violence and lots of sex in a bid to hold our attention , but it grows monotonous after a while , as do Joan and Philip 's repetitive arguments , schemes and treachery
There 's a little violence and lots of sex in a bid to hold our attention , but it grows monotonous after a while , as do Joan and Philip 's repetitive arguments , schemes and treachery .
a can of 2-day old Coke
a cage with her ape
a cacophony of pretentious , meaningless prattle
takes a bit too long to find its rhythm
could fail to crack a smile at
insult the intelligence of everyone
insult
insult the intelligence of everyone in the audience
-- maybe too much
-- lots of boring talking heads , etc . --
-- or , worse yet , nonexistent -- ideas
-- not everyone thinks poo-poo jokes are ` edgy . '
pity or
to provide the pleasures of a slightly naughty , just-above-average off - Broadway play
antic spirits
any country
Jason X is this bad on purpose is never clear .
Jason X is this bad on purpose is never clear . But
the fans of the first Men in Black have come away hating the second one .
's not so much a movie as a joint promotion for the National Basketball Association and teenaged rap and adolescent poster-boy Lil ' Bow Wow .
's not so much a movie as a joint promotion for the National Basketball Association and teenaged rap and adolescent poster-boy Lil ' Bow Wow
's not that funny
's not particularly well made
's not very good
's somewhat clumsy and too lethargically paced
a résumé loaded with credits like `` Girl in Bar # 3
a sardine
My only wish is that Celebi could take me back to a time before I saw this movie and
My only wish is that Celebi could take me back to a time before I saw this movie and I could just skip it
My only wish is that Celebi could take me back to a time before I saw this movie and I could just skip it .
takes a great film and turns it into a mundane soap opera
that is heavy on religious symbols but wafer-thin on dramatic substance
heard that the fans of the first Men in Black have come away hating the second one
hell , I dunno
mostly little-known performers in key roles
the film grows as dull as its characters , about whose fate it is hard to care .
sporting one of the worst titles in recent cinematic history
It gives poor Dana Carvey nothing to do that is really funny , and then expects us to laugh because he acts so goofy all the time .
It gives poor Dana Carvey nothing to do that is really funny , and then expects us to laugh because he acts so goofy all the time
It forces you to watch people doing unpleasant things to each other and themselves , and it maintains a cool distance from its material that is deliberately unsettling .
It gives poor Dana Carvey nothing to do that is really funny , and
It gets old quickly .
The film has a kind of hard , cold effect .
you to sleep than a sound machine
word ` dog '
to force-feed James Bond
wordy
you took Orwell , Bradbury , Kafka , George Lucas and the Wachowski Brothers and threw them into a blender . But that 's just the problem with it
The overall effect is so completely inane that one would have to be mighty bored to even think of staying with this for more than , say , ten ... make that three minutes .
this movie . No
this movie . No , it 's the repetition of said behavior
can be no other explanation . Hilariously inept and ridiculous
can catch some quality naptime along the way
can believe this load of junk .
can believe this load of junk
can catch some quality naptime along the way .
it 's a long time before the fat lady sings
it 's a lot less sensational than it wants to be
it 's a bad , embarrassing movie
it 's a bargain-basement European pickup . What 's hard to understand is why anybody picked it up . Wiser souls would have tactfully pretended not to see it and left it lying there
it 's a humorless , disjointed mess .
it 's a period romance that suffers from an overly deliberate pace and uneven narrative momentum .
it 's a piece of dreck disguised as comedy .
keep getting thrown in people 's faces to the fact Amber is such a joke
keep from laughing at the ridiculous dialog or the oh-so convenient plot twists
keep getting torn away from the compelling historical tale to a less-compelling soap opera
keep bringing it back another day as punishment for paying money to see the last James Bond movie
keep a more general audience even vaguely interested in his bratty character
accompanied by the sketchiest of captions .
accessible to a chosen few , standoffish to everyone else , and smugly suggests a superior moral tone is more important than filmmaking skill
appears as if even the filmmakers did n't know what kind of movie they were making
appearing in this junk that 's TV sitcom material at best
appeal to those without much interest in the Elizabethans ( as well as rank frustration from those in the know about Rubbo 's dumbed-down tactics )
appear together on a marquee , especially when the payoff is an unschooled comedy like Stealing Harvard , which fails to keep 80 minutes from seeming like 800
horse feathers
Unfortunately , Carvey 's rubber-face routine is no match for the insipid script he has crafted with Harris Goldberg .
Unfortunately , Kapur modernizes A . E . W . Mason 's story to suit the sensibilities of a young American , a decision that plucks '' The Four Feathers '' bare .
Undisputed is nearly incoherent , an excuse to get to the closing bout ... by which time it 's impossible to care who wins .
Unfortunately the story and the actors are served with a hack script .
Unfortunately , it 's also not very good . Especially compared with the television series that inspired the movie .
Unfortunately , there is almost nothing in this flat effort that will amuse or entertain them , either .
horrifyingly , ever
seeing the same ideas repeated in films over and over again
so devoid
to a tragedy which is somehow guessable from the first few minutes , maybe because it echoes the by now intolerable morbidity of so many recent movies
to a transparently hypocritical work that feels as though it 's trying to set the women 's liberation movement back 20 years
to abandon the theater
You is pure junk
You get the impression that writer and director Burr Steers knows the territory ... but his sense of humor has yet to lose the smug self-satisfaction usually associated with the better private schools .
You could nap for an hour and not miss a thing .
You really have to wonder how on earth anyone , anywhere could have thought they 'd make audiences guffaw with a script as utterly diabolical as this .
You might say Tykwer has done all that Heaven allows , if you wanted to make as anti-Kieslowski a pun as possible . Suffice to say its total promise is left slightly unfulfilled .
is a movie you 've seen many times before , repackaged as new material
is a movie you 've seen many times before , repackaged as new material because there is a latino in the lead
is a movie you 've seen many times before
is a movie you 've seen many times
is an inexpressible and drab wannabe looking for that exact niche
thriller nonsense
All this turns out to be neither funny nor provocative - only dull .
we 've learned the hard way just how complex international terrorism is
rife with miscalculations
are so familiar you might as well be watching a rerun
are some fairly unsettling scenes
Apparently designed as a reverie about memory and regret , but the only thing you 'll regret is remembering the experience of sitting through it .
ridiculous action sequences
this arrogant Richard Pryor wannabe 's routine is offensive , puerile and unimaginatively foul-mouthed if it was at least funny
his piece of puffery with a sour cliche and heavy doses of mean-spiritedness
might soon be looking for a sign . An EXIT sign , that is
might not give a second look if we passed them on the street
with your mouth full of rotten pulp and living worms
, Bartleby performs neither one very well .
, Ballistic : Ecks vs . Sever is a dumb action movie .
, B-movie
Everything about it from the bland songs to the colorful but flat drawings is completely serviceable and quickly forgettable .
, Amy 's Orgasm is not a porno , though it is as tedious as one .
Everything 's serious , poetic , earnest and -- sadly -- dull .
Everything about it from the bland songs to the colorful but flat drawings
Starts as a tart little lemon drop of a movie and ends up as a bitter pill
Starts as a tart little lemon drop of a movie and ends up as a bitter pill .
Stains
Starts as a tart little lemon drop of a movie
passable entertainment , but it 's the kind of motion picture that wo n't make much of a splash when it 's released , and will not be remembered long afterwards
passable entertainment , but it 's the kind of motion picture that wo n't make much of a splash when it 's released , and will not be remembered long afterwards .
past a child 's interest and an adult 's patience
an ancient librarian whacking a certain part of a man 's body
an ancient librarian
wander into the dark areas of parent-child relationships without flinching
wander into the dark areas of parent-child relationships
Contrived , awkward and
, it 's not nearly as good as any of its influences .
discovered , indulged in and rejected as boring before I see this piece of crap again
Contrived , awkward
disease-of-the-week
disease-of-the-week small-screen melodramas
's no sense of actual passion being washed away in love 's dissolution
of goofball stunts any `` Jackass '' fan
's neither too erotic nor very thrilling ,
's never a good sign when a film 's star spends the entirety of the film in a coma
awful complications
breakdown
who inject far more good-natured spirit and talent into this project than it deserves
I did n't particularly like E . T . the first time
I did n't particularly like E . T . the first time I saw it as a young boy .
I did n't hate this one , it 's not very good either .
I could just skip it
I can imagine this movie as a b & w British comedy , circa 1960 , with Peter Sellers , Kenneth Williams , et al . , but at this time , with this cast , this movie is hopeless .
Does n't deliver a great story ,
Does little to elaborate the conceit of setting this blood-soaked tragedy of murderous ambition in the era of Richard Nixon
Does n't add up to much
Does n't add up to much .
Does n't come close to justifying the hype that surrounded its debut at the Sundance Film Festival two years ago
Does n't come close to justifying the hype that surrounded its debut at the Sundance Film Festival two years ago .
The rollerball sequences feel sanitised and stagey .
The romance between the leads is n't as compelling or as believable as it should be .
The result is an ` action film ' mired in stasis .
The result is so tame that even slightly wised-up kids would quickly change the channel .
could just feel the screenwriter at every moment ` Tap , tap , tap , tap , tapping away ' on this screenplay
could have written a more credible script , though with the same number of continuity errors .
could just rent those movies instead , let alone seek out a respectable new one
could have used my two hours better watching Being John Malkovich again .
could have used my two hours better watching Being John Malkovich again
could have written a more credible script , though with the same number of continuity errors
could have wrapped things up at 80 minutes
could keep a family of five blind , crippled , Amish people alive in this situation better than these British soldiers do at keeping themselves kicking
stay afloat for its just under ninety minute running time
stay away . Otherwise , this could be a passable date film
What a great shame that such a talented director as Chen Kaige has chosen to make his English-language debut with a film so poorly plotted and scripted .
What a great shame that such a talented director as Chen Kaige has chosen to make his English-language debut with a film
What a pity ... that the material is so second-rate .
What a pity
What Madonna does here ca n't properly be called acting -- more accurately , it 's moving and it 's talking and it 's occasionally gesturing , sometimes all at once .
What ` Blade Runner ' would 've looked like as a low-budget series on a UHF channel .
What a stiflingly unfunny and unoriginal mess this is !
What a stiflingly unfunny and unoriginal mess this
critical overkill
of corny dialogue and preposterous moments
I ca n't recommend it .
I ca n't recommend it . But
I ca n't recommend it . But it 's surprisingly harmless
sleep
sleep or bewildered by the artsy and often pointless visuals
the oddest thing about the movie is how it winds up affirming the same damn moldy values the material has always held dear .
I have to put up with 146 minutes of it
the delicate tightrope between farcical and loathsome
I have to admit that I am baffled by Jason X.
the deliberate , tiresome ugliness
I just did n't care as much for the story .
it 's merely a blandly cinematic surgical examination of what makes a joke a joke .
it 's not intended to
lazy
lazy for a movie
lawrence unleashes his trademark misogyny -- er , comedy -- like a human volcano or an overflowing septic tank
Imagine if you will a Tony Hawk skating video interspliced with footage from Behind Enemy Lines and set to Jersey shore techno .
Imagine if you will a Tony Hawk skating video interspliced with footage from Behind Enemy Lines and set to Jersey shore techno
Imagine a really bad community theater production of West Side Story without the songs .
Imagine a really bad community theater production of West Side Story without the songs
Imagine the James Woods character from Videodrome making a home movie of Audrey Rose and showing it to the kid from The Sixth Sense and you 've imagined The Ring
Imagine the James Woods character from Videodrome making a home movie of Audrey Rose and showing it to the kid from The Sixth Sense and
Imagine the James Woods character from Videodrome making a home movie of Audrey Rose and showing it to the kid from The Sixth Sense
Imagine the James Woods character from Videodrome making a home movie of Audrey Rose and showing it to the kid from The Sixth Sense and you 've imagined The Ring .
sit and stare and turn away from one another instead of talking and it 's all about the silences and if you 're into that , have at it
this mothball-y stuff
sinks into by-the-numbers territory
sinks into by-the-numbers territory .
deny the possibility of hope
the lower depths
looked like crap
the maid is a lie
the majority of the film that shows a stationary camera on a subject that could be mistaken for giving a public oration , rather than contributing to a film 's narrative
hardly enough
some serious re-working to show more of the dilemma , rather than have his characters stage shouting
that is very , very far from the one most of us
for those moviegoers who complain that ` they do n't make movies like they used to anymore
that is not even as daring as John Ritter 's glory days on Three 's Company
that is impenetrable and dull
hardscrabble lives
that is plainly dull and visually ugly when it is n't incomprehensible
you 're not nearly moved to tears by a couple of scenes
dampened through
dampened through familiarity ,
wide-angle shots taken from a distance to hide the liberal use of a body double
wild , lunatic invention
error
erratic dramedy
escaped the rut dug by the last one
of those films that aims to confuse
runs the gamut from stale parody to raunchy sex gags to formula romantic comedy .
rush job
runs the gamut from stale parody
runs the gamut from stale parody to raunchy sex gags to formula romantic comedy
rut
rushed
The ill-conceived modern-day ending falls flat where it should deliver a moral punch .
getting butchered in A . I .
Unfaithful = do n't
Unfortunately , Heartbreak Hospital wants to convey the same kind of haughtiness in its own sketchy material but this territory has already been explored previously with better aplomb and sardonic wit .
is almost exactly the same ( as The Full Monty ) .
Unfaithful . Almost everything else
Unfaithful =
Uneasy
Uneasy mishmash
Uneasy mishmash of styles and genres .
ages-old slapstick and unfunny tricks
feel more like a non-stop cry for attention , than an attempt at any kind of satisfying entertainment .
of such tools as nudity , profanity and violence
Same song , second verse
Same song , second verse , coulda been better , but it coulda been worse
Same song , second verse , coulda been better , but it coulda
put through torture for an hour and a half
That 's a cheat
That '' is one of those crass
put together by some cynical creeps at Revolution Studios and Imagine Entertainment to make the suckers out there surrender $ 9 and 93 minutes of unrecoverable life
punctuated by flying guts
occasionally annoying
do n't mind having my heartstrings pulled , but do n't treat me like a fool
do n't inhabit their roles
do n't know what she 's doing in here
do n't go to the movies for
obviously does n't have his heart in it
balance all the formulaic equations in the long-winded heist comedy
balding
this gory , perverted ,
this gory ,
this every-joke-has - been-told-a - thousand-times -
this every-joke-has - been-told-a - thousand-times - before movie
truly annoying
truly annoying pitch
ca n't think of a thing to do with these characters except have them run through dark tunnels , fight off various anonymous attackers , and evade elaborate surveillance technologies
ca n't think of a thing to do with these characters except have them run through dark tunnels , fight off various anonymous attackers , and evade elaborate surveillance technologies .
ca n't think of a single good reason to see this movie , even though everyone in my group extemporaneously shouted , ` Thank you ! ' when Leguizamo finally plugged an irritating character late in the movie
ca n't think of a single good reason to see this movie , even though everyone in my group extemporaneously shouted , ` Thank you ! ' when Leguizamo finally plugged an irritating character late in the movie .
soap opera-ish story
a limerick scrawled in a public restroom
come on . Like you could n't smell this turkey rotting from miles away
come off too amateurish and awkward
, if a bit draggy at times
, if the picture also shares the weaknesses of both genres , more
, if ultimately not quite satisfying
The most remarkable ( and frustrating ) thing about World Traveler ,
The most remarkable ( and frustrating ) thing about World Traveler , which opens today in Manhattan
The most horrific movie experience I 've had since '' Ca n't Stop The Music . '' It may as well be called '' Jar-Jar Binks : The Movie . '' It 's that painful .
The most ill-conceived animated comedy
The most ill-conceived animated comedy since the 1991 dog Rover
something is rotten in the state of California
to offend
convince the audience that these brats will ever be anything more than losers
convinced that this Mean Machine was a decent TV outing that just does n't have big screen magic
convinced I could keep a family of five blind , crippled , Amish people alive in this situation better than these British soldiers do at keeping themselves kicking
convinced of its own brilliance
of stale candy , something from a Halloween that died
belongs with the damned for perpetrating Patch Adams
beneath it
of stop-go slow motion that makes the gang rumbles look like they 're being streamed
of stale gags
of standard , stiff TV-style animation and snazzy-looking digital effects that do little to disguise the fact that the characters barely move
This is one of the biggest disappointments of the year
a camp adventure , one of those movies that 's so bad it starts to become good
never really harnesses to full effect the energetic cast .
This is not a Jackie Chan movie .
never springs to life
never really builds up a head of emotional steam .
all things we 've seen before
almost saves the movie .
as a movie , it 's a humorless , disjointed mess .
tired and drained
little rhyme or reason
The film did n't convince me that Calvin Jr . 's Barbershop represents some sort of beacon of hope in the middle of Chicago 's South Side .
little social context
Death
Dense with characters
Dense
may not have the highest production values you 've ever seen
undercut by its awkward structure and a final veering toward melodrama
After Collateral Damage , you might imagine that most every aggrieved father cliché has been unturned .
After all , he took three minutes of dialogue , 30 seconds of plot and turned them into a 90-minute movie that feels five hours long .
Adults will wish the movie were less simplistic , obvious , clumsily plotted and shallowly characterized .
Limps along
Limps along on a squirm-inducing fish-out-of-water formula that goes nowhere and goes there very , very slowly .
Limps along on a squirm-inducing fish-out-of-water formula that goes nowhere and goes there very , very slowly
Linklater
untrained in acting
be the target of something deeper and more engaging . Oh , and more entertaining
be some sort of credible gender-provoking philosophy submerged here , but who the hell cares
be the only one laughing at his own joke
, if it only had a brain
utterly misplaced earnestness
usually goes straight to video -- with a lousy script , inept direction , pathetic acting , poorly dubbed dialogue and murky cinematography
utterly misplaced
amusing nor dramatic enough to sustain interest
As ( the characters ) get more depressed
we 've been here , done that
ca n't think of a single good reason to see this movie , even though everyone in my group extemporaneously shouted
ca n't even do that much
ca n't even do that much .
ca n't get any more gay
ca n't hide the giant Achilles ' heel in `` Stuart Little 2 `` : There 's just no story , folks
ca n't hide the giant Achilles ' heel in `` Stuart Little 2 `` : There 's just no story , folks .
Arnold ! The Movie could have been made 40 years ago
JFK conspiracy nuts
poorly dubbed
We started to wonder if ... some unpaid intern had just typed ` Chris Rock , ' ` Anthony Hopkins ' and ` terrorists ' into some Univac-like script machine
We just do n't really care too much about this love story .
We started to wonder if ... some unpaid intern had just typed ` Chris Rock , ' ` Anthony Hopkins ' and ` terrorists ' into some Univac-like script machine .
Wedding feels a bit anachronistic .
Would 've been nice if the screenwriters had trusted audiences to understand a complex story , and left off the film 's predictable denouement . Then Nadia 's birthday might not have been such a bad day after all .
poorly scripted ,
Worthless , from its pseudo-rock-video opening
Worthless , from its pseudo-rock-video opening to the idiocy of its last frames
Worthless
Worthless ,
Would 've been nice if the screenwriters had trusted audiences to understand a complex story , and left off the film 's predictable denouement . Then
Would 've been nice if the screenwriters had trusted audiences to understand a complex story , and left off the film 's predictable denouement . Then Nadia 's birthday might not have been such a bad day after all
Worthless , from its pseudo-rock-video opening to the idiocy of its last frames .
Complex , sinuously plotted and , somehow , off-puttingly cold .
Company-style laugh track
Complete lack of originality , cleverness or even visible effort
Complete lack
Completely creatively stillborn and
Completely creatively stillborn
Completely creatively stillborn and executed in a manner that I 'm not sure could be a single iota worse ... a soulless hunk of exploitative garbage .
Completely creatively stillborn and executed in a manner that I 'm not sure
to dumb down the universe
to drag on for nearly three hours
to eke out an emotional tug of the heart , one which it fails to get
we 're to slap protagonist Genevieve LePlouff because she 's French
takes talent to make a lifeless movie about the most heinous man who ever lived .
takes talent to make a lifeless movie about the most heinous man who ever lived
takes too long figuring out what to do next
shrieky special effects
required to give this comic slugfest some heart
required of her , but the actress and director Peter Kosminsky never get the audience to break through the wall her character erects
Goldmember has none of the visual wit of the previous pictures , and it looks as though Jay Roach directed the film from the back of a taxicab .
Goldmember has none of the visual wit of the previous pictures , and
Goldmember has none of the visual wit of the previous pictures , and it looks as though Jay Roach directed the film from the back of a taxicab
Goldmember has none of the visual wit of the previous pictures
Goldmember has none of the visual wit of the previous pictures ,
Good for a few unintentional laughs , '' Extreme Ops '' was obviously made for the '' XXX '' crowd , people who enjoy mindless action without the benefit of decent acting , writing , and direction .
This time out , ( Sade ) is an unsettlingly familiar figure -- in turns loyal and deceitful , responsible and reckless , idealistically selfless and coldly self-interested .
ugly , pointless and depressing , even if you hate clowns .
ugly , pointless and depressing , even if you
ugliest movie
ugly movies
ugly knot
ugly chapter
ugly and mindless
ugly to look at
in that oh-so-important category , The Four Feathers comes up short
rely on stupidity as a substitute for humor
'm not exactly sure what this movie thinks it is about .
'm behaving like an idiot
'm just too bored to care
'm not exactly sure what this movie thinks it is about
'm just too bored to care .
has so many flaws
has sex on screen been so aggressively anti-erotic
has severe body odor
It 's never a good sign when a film 's star spends the entirety of the film in a coma . It 's a worse sign when you begin to envy her condition .
It 's never a good sign when a film 's star spends the entirety of the film in a coma .
becomes an enemy
must be quirky or bleak
must be admitted , not entirely humorless . Indeed
vulgar innuendo
vulgar and forgettably
clone-gag
clips of a film that are still looking for a common through-line
close to losing my lunch
silliest and most incoherent
silliest and most incoherent movie
silly , self-indulgent
silly , self-indulgent filmmaker
silly . Unfortunately
it plods toward the end , less like a movie than like the filmed reading of a script in need of polishing
it projects the same lazy affability as its nominal star , David Arquette .
it presents friendship between women as pathetic , dysfunctional and destructive
it raises the possibility that it wrote itself as a newly automated Final Draft computer program .
of piffle
of people who sadly are at hostile odds with one another through recklessness and retaliation
directed , cowrote and starred in borders on the grotesque
to skip the film and pick up the soundtrack
Seagal ran out of movies years ago , and
dull , ridiculous attempt
dull a person as this film makes him out to be
dull , pretentious version
dull , ridiculous
dull , lifeless , and irritating
dull , nerdy folks
dull , dour documentary
dull , lifeless
dull '' cyber-horror '' flick
dull , costumey feel
the zip is gone
Contrived as this may sound
Contrived
Contradicts
Clueless Does South Fork
Seagal ran out of movies years ago , and this is just the proof .
explosions , sadism and seeing people
flaccid satire and what
an inhalant blackout
an incredibly heavy-handed , manipulative dud that feels all too familiar .
an incredibly heavy-handed , manipulative dud that feels all too familiar
an incredibly heavy-handed , manipulative dud
an inconsistent and ultimately unsatisfying drizzle
an inconsistent , meandering , and sometimes dry plot
an incongruous summer playoff
Rice never clearly defines his characters or gives us a reason to care about them .
Ridiculous
Rife with nutty cliches and far too much dialogue .
Rife with nutty cliches and far too much dialogue
exhausted by documentarians
humorless
humor ends and tragedy
a movie like Ballistic : Ecks Vs . Sever is more of an ordeal than an amusement .
'll be more acquainted with the tiniest details of Tom Hanks ' face than his wife is
a movie so sloppy , so uneven , so damn unpleasant that I ca n't believe any viewer , young or old ,
did this viewer feel enveloped in a story that , though meant to be universal in its themes of loyalty , courage and dedication to a common goal , never seems to leave the lot
did n't sell many records but
did n't offer an advance screening . '' The Adventures of Pluto Nash '' is a big time stinker
did n't particularly like E . T . the first time
a film about the irksome , tiresome nature of complacency that remains utterly satisfied to remain the same throughout .
a film about the irksome , tiresome nature of complacency
feels rigged and sluggish
a movie that is n't just offensive
feels secondhand , familiar -- and not in a good way
feels secondhand , familiar -- and not in a good way .
threw loads of money at an idea that should 've been so much more even if it was only made for teenage boys and wrestling fans
disappoints
because your nerves just ca n't take it any more
Rodan is out of his league
become a caricature -- not even with that radioactive hair
A savage John Waters-like humor that dances on the edge of tastelessness
dissolves into a routine courtroom drama , better suited for a movie titled '' Glory : A Soldier 's Story
disservice
dissatisfied with the movie as a whole
distended pace and foot-dragging rhythms follow
distended
Given too much time to consider the looseness of the piece , the picture begins to resemble the shapeless , grasping actors ' workshop that it is .
Given too much time to consider the looseness of the piece
the thin veneer of nationalism
falters , however , in its adherence to the Disney philosophy of required poignancy , a salute that I 'd hoped the movie would avoid .
falters , however , in its adherence to the Disney philosophy of required poignancy , a salute that I 'd hoped the movie would avoid
falters , however
` The War of the Roses , ' trailer-trash style .
dull , simple-minded and stereotypical
It 's easy to love Robin Tunney -- she 's pretty and she can act -- but it gets harder and harder to understand her choices .
dull , simple-minded and stereotypical tale
are jarring and deeply out of place in what could have ( and probably should have ) been a lighthearted comedy
are jarring and deeply out of place in what could have ( and probably should have )
are just too many characters saying too many clever things and getting into too many pointless situations
are lukewarm and quick to pass .
lists ingredients , but never mixes and stirs
sanctimonious
in execution
Stupid , infantile , redundant , sloppy
Stupid ,
Stultifyingly , dumbfoundingly , mind-numbingly bad .
Dahmer resorts to standard slasher flick thrills when it should be most in the mind of the killer
Stylistically , the movie is a disaster .
Stupid , infantile , redundant , sloppy , over-the-top , and amateurish .
Stupid , infantile , redundant , sloppy ,
lacks the zest
often unsettling
's not enough to sustain the comedy .
To the filmmakers , Ivan is a prince of a fellow , but he comes across as shallow and glib though not mean-spirited , and there 's no indication that he 's been responsible for putting together any movies of particular value or merit
To the vast majority of more casual filmgoers , it will probably be a talky bore .
To work , love stories require the full emotional involvement and support of a viewer
To work , love stories require the full emotional involvement and support of a viewer . That is made almost impossible by events that set the plot in motion .
Toback 's ) fondness for fancy split-screen , stuttering editing and pompous references to Wittgenstein and Kirkegaard
make fun of me for liking Showgirls
Determined to be fun , and bouncy , with energetic musicals , the humor did n't quite engage this adult .
Despite terrific special effects and funnier gags , Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets finds a way to make J.K. Rowling 's marvelous series into a deadly bore .
swallowing a Communion wafer without the wine
suspiciously
is as difficult for the audience to take as it
of screenwriting cliches that sink it faster than a leaky freighter
of self-absorption
of semi-improvised ( and semi-coherent )
its characters ' decisions
its characters ' decisions only unsatisfactorily
its characters , about whose fate it is hard to care
Boring and meandering
Boring and
Boring we did n't .
Boring and meandering .
Both deserve better .
` terrible filmmaking ' bad , but more
Manipulative claptrap , a period-piece movie-of-the-week , plain old blarney ... take your pick . All three descriptions suit Evelyn , a besotted and obvious drama that tells us nothing new .
Manipulative
Manipulative claptrap
Manipulative claptrap ,
Many shallower movies these days seem too long
of official repression
opera-ish dialogue
that I wasted 123 minutes and $ 9 .
that I wasted 123 minutes and $ 9
nauseating
into that annoying specimen of humanity
Like a can of 2-day old Coke . You can taste it , but there 's no fizz .
Like a can of 2-day old Coke . You can taste it , but there 's no fizz
Like a can of 2-day old Coke . You can taste it
Like a can of 2-day old Coke .
Like a can of 2-day old Coke
. I have not been this disappointed by a movie in a long time .
vapid
Falters when it takes itself too seriously and when it depends too heavily on its otherwise talented cast to clown in situations that are n't funny
Falters when it takes itself too seriously and when it depends too heavily on its otherwise talented cast to clown in situations that are n't funny .
Falters when it takes itself too seriously and when it depends too heavily on its otherwise talented cast
Fairly successful at faking some pretty cool stunts but a complete failure at trying to create some pretty cool characters . And forget about any attempt at a plot !
Falters
for this story to go but down
leave the same way you came -- a few tasty morsels under your belt , but no new friends .
Pair that with really poor comedic writing ...
Pair that with really poor comedic writing ... and
Painfully padded .
Pair that with really poor comedic writing
Paid In Full is so stale , in fact , that its most vibrant scene is one that uses clips from Brian De Palma 's Scarface .
Painfully
seems to have dumped a whole lot of plot in favor of ... outrageous gags
seems to have been written using Mad-libs . There can be no other explanation . Hilariously inept and ridiculous .
seems to have no goal and no urgency . It 's just filler
seems to have dumped a whole lot of plot in favor of ... outrageous gags .
seems to me the film is about the art of ripping people off without ever letting them consciously know you have done so
Pair that with really poor comedic writing ... and you 've got a huge mess
Pair that with really poor comedic writing ... and you 've got a huge mess .
seems to be acting
with all the grandiosity
with all its flaws , is that it has none of the pushiness and decibel volume of most contemporary comedies .
with all its flaws
your seat for long stretches
flick , primarily because it is dull
like a rather unbelievable love interest and a meandering ending --
fleshed out a little more instead of going for easy smiles
like a mere disease-of - the-week TV movie
usual blend
usual chaotic nonsense
using it as a prop for warmed-over melodrama and the kind of choreographed mayhem
even if it may still leave you wanting more answers as the credits
owe Nicolas Cage an apology .
's not enough intelligence , wit or innovation on the screen to attract and sustain an older crowd .
's not enough substance in the story to actually give them life
's not clear
's not all new
's not enough intelligence , wit or innovation on the screen to attract and sustain an older crowd
's not clear whether we 're supposed to shriek
shining a not particularly flattering spotlight on America 's skin-deep notions of pulchritude
repetitive , muddy and blurry
'd think by now America would have had enough of plucky British eccentrics with hearts of gold
Ponderous , plodding soap opera disguised as a feature film
see nothing in it
see nothing in it to match the ordeal of sitting through it
have not yet recovered
have no interest in the gang-infested , East-vs . - West Coast rap wars
have otherwise been bland and
in an inarticulate screenplay
in an impossible spot
, nonsensical and formulaic
in bad need of major acting lessons and maybe a little coffee
in as flat
, not the usual route in a thriller , and the performances are odd and pixilated and sometimes both .
is n't much fun .
Trade Center tragedy
has a laundry list of minor shortcomings
This Scarlet 's letter is A ... as in aimless , arduous , and arbitrary
to vaporize from your memory minutes after it ends
This Sade is hardly a perverse , dangerous libertine and agitator -- which would have made for better drama . He 's just a sad aristocrat in tattered finery , and the film seems as deflated as he does .
created SOLELY because it 's a marketable product
creaking
creaking , rusty ship
create a completely crass and forgettable movie
you can see mediocre cresting on the next wave
to walk the silly walk that distinguishes the merely quirky from the surreal
sugary sentiment and withholds delivery
sugary sentiment and withholds delivery on the pell-mell
precious little left
preaches strictly to the converted .
preaches strictly to the converted
to waste the talents of Robert Forster , Anne Meara , Eugene Levy , and Reginald VelJohnson all in the same movie
spousal abuse
spotty script
spreading a Puritanical brand of Christianity
taken quite a nosedive from Alfred Hitchcock 's imaginative flight
a low rate Annie
a low rate Annie featuring some kid who ca n't act , only echoes of Jordan , and weirdo actor Crispin Glover screwing things up old school
a lousy one at that
a lovely trifle that , unfortunately , is a little too in love with its own cuteness
a lot to ask people to sit still for two hours and change watching such a character , especially when rendered in as flat and impassive a manner as Phoenix 's
a lousy one
the level of an after-school TV special
the least demanding
the less charitable might describe as a castrated
mean-spirited and wryly observant .
mean-spirited film
mean-spirited lashing
mean-spirited second half
mean things and shoot a lot of bullets . Some of the characters die and others do n't , and the film pretends that those living have learned some sort of lesson
mean-spirited
mean-spirited and
mean-spirited and wryly
meandering and pointless
it should have ditched the artsy pretensions and revelled in the entertaining shallows .
it should have gone straight to a Mystery Science Theater 3000 video
it skirts around any scenes that might have required genuine acting from Ms . Spears
tortured and
than this hastily dubbed disaster
than to change hackneyed concepts when it comes to dreaming up romantic comedies
than to rush to the theatre for this one
than this facetious smirk of a movie
with slow pacing
tragically
with so many distracting special effects and visual party tricks
`` Based on True Events , '' a convolution of language that suggests it 's impossible to claim that it is `` Based on a True Story '' with a straight face .
`` Based on True Events , '' a convolution of language that suggests it
`` Besotted '' is misbegotten
more stuff in attempt to camouflage its sameness
more stunts , more stuff in attempt to camouflage its sameness
childish things
oddballs
this ready-made midnight movie probably wo n't stand the cold light of day , but under the right conditions , it 's goofy ( if not entirely wholesome ) fun
obviously did n't invest much into itself either
obsolete , if irritating , notion
an open wound
obvious or simplistic
obviously belongs in something lighter and sunnier
obviously constructed
his control
Anyone who can count to five ( the film 's target market ? ) can see where this dumbed-down concoction is going .
Apallingly
Any movie this boring should be required to have ushers in the theater that hand you a cup of coffee every few minutes . Like a marathon runner trying to finish a race , you need a constant influx of liquid just to get through it .
Any one episode of The Sopranos would send this ill-conceived folly to sleep with the fishes .
Anyone who can count to five ( the film 's target market ? )
banal bore
unmoved
unmoved by this film , which is immaculately produced
the all-too-familiar saga of the contemporary single woman
unpersuasive
unpicked
Begins as a promising meditation on one of America 's most durable obsessions but winds up as a slender cinematic stunt .
Sluggish
Being author Wells ' great-grandson , you 'd think filmmaker Simon Wells would have more reverence for the material . But this costly dud is a far cry from either the book or the beloved film .
Slap her
vehicle to showcase the Canadian 's inane ramblings
The characters are based on stock clichés , and the attempt to complicate the story only defies credibility
Been there done that .
Been there done that
Been there , done that ... a thousand times already , and better .
The characters are based on stock clichés , and
as though clips from The Pink Panther Strikes Again and\/or Sailor Moon have been spliced in
as the worst -- and only -- killer website movie of this or any other year
a Christmas perennial . Coal
a City of ruins
The characters are never more than sketches ... which leaves any true emotional connection or identification frustratingly out of reach .
long-winded and stagy
long-winded and
Consider the film a celluloid litmus test for the intellectual and emotional pedigree of your date and a giant step backward for a director I admire
Consider the film a celluloid litmus test for the intellectual and emotional pedigree of your date and a giant step backward for a director I admire .
long-dreaded
long-dreaded completion
long-winded
long-suffering eyeballs
who takes up drugs and winds up in an institution
who have little patience for Euro-film pretension
who just happens to be her own worst enemy
Fans of the TV series will be disappointed ,
Fans of the TV series will be disappointed
Fancy a real downer ?
Fans of the TV series will be disappointed , and everyone else will be slightly bored
Fans of the TV series will be disappointed , and
your Ice-T 's from your Cool-J 's to realize that as far as these shootings are concerned , something is rotten in the state of California
Everything that was right about Blade is wrong in its sequel .
Everything was as superficial as the forced New Jersey lowbrow accent Uma had .
you do n't care who fires the winning shot
limp Eddie Murphy
limited range
limited to LDS Church members and undemanding armchair tourists
limited and so embellished by editing that there 's really not much of a sense of action or even action-comedy
limited by its short running time
limited and so embellished by editing that there 's really not much of a sense of action
limited and so embellished by editing that there 's really not much of a sense of action or
far from the best of the series
are less than adorable
are lacking
Me no lika da accents so good ,
Me no lika da accents so good , but
Contains the humor , characterization , poignancy , and intelligence of a bad sitcom .
Contains the humor , characterization , poignancy , and intelligence of a bad sitcom
If looking for a thrilling sci-fi cinematic ride , do n't settle for this Imposter .
If somebody was bored and ... decided to make a dull , pretentious version of Jesus ' Son
willing to do this , then you so crazy
will upset or frighten young viewers
willing to go with this claustrophobic concept
at the very least
at the very root of his contradictory , self-hating , self-destructive ways
we ca n't recommend anything but a rental for The Tuxedo
Starts out strongly before quickly losing its focus , point and purpose in a mess of mixed messages , over-blown drama and Bruce Willis with a scar .
on offal like this
that a movie as artificial and soulless as The Country Bears owes its genesis to an animatronic display at Disneyland
that a new software program spit out the screenplay
that a life like this can sound so dull
that a movie about goodness is not the same thing as a good movie
that Three Seasons achieved but loses its way in rhetorical excess and blatant sentimentality
that Waiting For Happiness is a bad film
that The Truth About Charlie gets increasingly tiresome
that The Believer feels like a 12-Step Program for the Jewish Nazi
its noticeable lack
its most tedious scenes
its noticeable lack of emotional heft
people may be wondering what all that jazz was about `` Chicago '' in 2002 .
people thought I was too hard on `` The Mothman Prophecies ''
peculiarly moral amorality
what is almost certainly going to go down as the worst -- and only -- killer website movie of this or any other year
what is missing from it
what is essentially an extended soap opera
Cherry Orchard is badly edited , often awkwardly directed and suffers from the addition of a wholly unnecessary pre-credit sequence designed to give some of the characters a ` back story . '
Cherish would 've worked a lot better had it been a short film .
Chelsea Walls is a case of too many chefs fussing over too weak a recipe .
Chen films the resolutely downbeat Smokers Only with every indulgent , indie trick in the book
Cherish is a dud -- a romantic comedy that 's not the least bit romantic and only mildly funny .
Chen films the resolutely downbeat Smokers Only with every indulgent , indie trick in the book .
What the director ca n't do is make either of Val Kilmer 's two personas interesting or worth caring about .
unapproachable .
have relied too much on convention in creating the characters who surround Frankie .
are a few modest laughs , but certainly no thrills
are a few modest laughs , but certainly no
are a few modest laughs , but
, artistic and muted , almost to the point of suffocation .
, as Blood Work proves , that was a long , long time ago .
, around the halfway mark it takes an abrupt turn into glucose sentimentality and laughable contrivance .
, artificial , ill-constructed and fatally overlong
the same easy targets
the same blueprint
, as you watch them clumsily mugging their way through Snow Dogs ,
, as you watch them clumsily mugging their way through Snow Dogs , seems inconceivable
tossing around obscure expressions
hanging over The Time Machine is not , as the main character suggests , ` what if ? ' but rather , ` How can you charge money for this ?
feels painfully redundant and inauthentic .
feels painfully redundant and inauthentic
feels somewhat unfinished .
feels somewhat unfinished
on the glamorous machine that thrusts the audience into a future they wo n't much care about
being snared in its own tangled plot
greedy
greedy characters
great to see this turd squashed under a truck , preferably a semi
trying to drown yourself in a lake afterwards
of failed jokes , twitchy acting , and general boorishness
understand why this did n't connect with me would require another viewing
ability to offend and put off everyone
abandon their scripts and go where the moment takes them
on the awkward interplay and utter lack of chemistry between Chan and Hewitt
rarely permitting its characters more than two obvious dimensions and repeatedly placing them in contrived , well-worn situations
rarely gets beneath the surface of things .
rarely coherent
rarely dampens her diva persona enough to spark genuine chemistry with Townsend . When she speaks
horse tale
horrors ! )
horrors !
horror concept
horrific but weirdly unemotional spectacle
are too strange and dysfunctional , Tom included , to ever get under the skin
will do for a set . Reign of Fire has the disadvantage of also looking cheap .
will do for a set . Reign of Fire has the disadvantage of also looking cheap
this story gets sillier , not scarier , as it goes along
is tiresomely grave and long-winded ,
is the way it skirts around any scenes that might have required genuine acting from Ms . Spears .
is the way it skirts around any scenes that might have required genuine acting from Ms . Spears
is tiresomely grave and long-winded
is the type of movie best enjoyed by frat boys and college kids while sucking on the bong and downing one alcoholic beverage after another .
is the type of movie best enjoyed by frat boys and college kids while sucking on the bong and downing one alcoholic beverage after another
its shaky foundation
its relatively scant 97 minutes
Putting the primitive murderer inside a high-tech space station unleashes a Pandora 's Box of special effects that run the gamut from cheesy to cheesier to cheesiest .
this story to go but down
Putting the primitive murderer inside a high-tech space station unleashes a Pandora 's Box of special effects that run the gamut from cheesy to cheesier to cheesiest
Star Trek : Nemesis meekly goes where nearly every Star Trek movie has gone before . Wince-inducing dialogue , thrift-shop costumes , prosthetic makeup by Silly Putty and Kmart blue-light-special effects
Star Trek : Nemesis meekly goes where nearly every Star Trek movie has gone before . Wince-inducing dialogue , thrift-shop costumes , prosthetic makeup by Silly Putty and Kmart blue-light-special effects all
Star Trek : Nemesis meekly goes where nearly every Star Trek movie has gone before . Wince-inducing dialogue , thrift-shop costumes , prosthetic makeup by Silly Putty and Kmart blue-light-special effects all conspire to test Trekkie loyalty .
this strangely schizo cartoon
the death report
something to be fully forgotten
something on crummy-looking videotape
something terrible happens
made in 1978 but not released then because it was so weak , and it has been unearthed and released now , when it has become even weaker
made it dull , lifeless , and irritating
made me feel unclean
made me want to bolt the theater in the first 10 minutes
he 's gone too commercial since his two Oscar nominated films in 2000
smug or sanctimonious
the cockettes
surprising ? When the violence actually shocked ?
more disappointed as each overwrought new sequence
more disappointed as each overwrought new sequence plods
more depressed
more determined to become the next Texas Chainsaw Massacre . But what about the countless other people who 'd merely like to watch a solid tale about a universally interesting soul
and immature character
and despairing milieu
and even dimmer characters
the waste of potential
some fine sex onscreen , and some tense arguing , but not a whole lot more
fast fade
fast-forward
Each scene wreaks of routine ; the film never manages to generate a single threat of suspense
Each scene wreaks of routine ;
nincompoop
no apparent reason
no apparent
no apparent reason except
be barely enough to sustain an interstitial program on the Discovery Channel .
-- except with an outrageous central gimmick that could have been a reject from Monty Python 's Meaning of Life .
may mistake Love Liza for an Adam Sandler Chanukah song
( A ) soulless , stupid sequel
( A ) soulless , stupid sequel ...
( A ) soulless
( A ) soulless ,
It jumps around with little logic or continuity , presenting backstage bytes of information that never amount to a satisfying complete picture of this particular , anciently demanding métier .
It just does n't have anything really interesting to say
It lacks the compassion , good-natured humor and the level of insight that made ( Eyre 's ) first film something of a sleeper success .
It just goes to show , an intelligent person is n't necessarily an admirable storyteller .
It looks good , but it is essentially empty
can this limping but dearly-loved franchise survive ? '
can this limping but dearly-loved franchise survive
cancer
can tickle many a preschooler 's fancy , but when it costs a family of four about $ 40 to see a film in theaters , why spend money on a dog like this when you can rent a pedigree instead
can tickle many a preschooler 's fancy , but when it costs a family of four about $ 40 to see a film in theaters , why spend money on a dog like this when you can rent a pedigree instead ?
The dramatic scenes are frequently unintentionally funny , and the action sequences -- clearly the main event -- are surprisingly uninvolving .
The drama discloses almost nothing .
The dramatic scenes are frequently unintentionally funny ,
Rosenthal ( Halloween II ) seems to have forgotten everything he ever knew about generating suspense .
Attal 's hang-ups surrounding infidelity are so old-fashioned and , dare I say , outdated ,
Attal 's hang-ups surrounding infidelity are so old-fashioned and , dare I say , outdated , it 's a wonder that he could n't have brought something fresher to the proceedings simply by accident
Attal 's hang-ups surrounding infidelity are so old-fashioned and , dare I say ,
Attal 's hang-ups surrounding infidelity are so old-fashioned and , dare I say , outdated
Attal 's hang-ups surrounding infidelity are so old-fashioned and ,
Attal 's hang-ups surrounding infidelity are so old-fashioned
Attal 's hang-ups surrounding infidelity are so old-fashioned and
thrusts the inchoate but already eldritch Christian Right propaganda machine into national media circles .
, we do n't feel much for Damon\/Bourne or his predicament
, we 'd prefer a simple misfire .
, wannabe-hip crime comedy
, wanna watch a movie in which a guy dressed as a children 's party clown gets violently gang-raped ?
, virulently unpleasant excuse
, virulent and foul-natured
, violent and mindless
Unfunny comedy with a lot of static set ups , not much camera movement , and most of the scenes take place indoors in formal settings with motionless characters .
Unfunny
Unfunny and
Unfortunately , the experience of actually watching the movie is less compelling than the circumstances of its making .
Unfunny comedy
Unfunny comedy with a lot of static set ups , not much camera movement , and most of the scenes
Unfunny and lacking any sense of commitment to or affection for its characters
Unfunny and lacking any sense of commitment to or affection for its characters , the Reginald Hudlin comedy relies on toilet humor , ethnic slurs .
In a strange way , Egoyan has done too much . He 's worked too hard on this movie .
In addition to sporting one of the worst titles in recent cinematic history , Ballistic : Ecks Vs . Sever also features terrible , banal dialogue ; convenient , hole-ridden plotting ; superficial characters and a rather dull , unimaginative car chase .
In addition to sporting one of the worst titles in recent cinematic history
In all the annals of the movies , few films have been this odd , inexplicable and unpleasant .
to manipulate its audience
shock tactics and bait-and-tackle metaphors
shoddy airport security
shoddy suspense thriller
big bloody chomps
big , fat ,
big , fat , dumb
bibi 's generic
bibi 's generic angst
the proverbial paint dry
is exhaustion , from watching a movie that is dark ( dark green , to be exact ) , sour , bloody and mean .
is exhaustion , from watching a movie that is dark ( dark green , to be exact ) , sour , bloody and mean
is exactly what it wants to be : an atrociously , mind-numbingly , indescribably bad movie . Unfortunately
is exactly what it wants to be : an atrociously , mind-numbingly , indescribably bad movie .
is even worse than I imagined a movie ever could be .
is expressly for idiots who do n't care what kind of sewage they shovel into their mental gullets to simulate sustenance
to see how many times they can work the words `` radical '' or `` suck '' into a sentence
to see who can out-bad-act the other
before landing squarely on `` stupid ''
vile
been through the corporate stand-up-comedy mill
been written using Mad-libs
Challenging , intermittently engrossing and unflaggingly creative . But it 's too long and too convoluted and
sketchiest
to hurry up and get to its subjects ' deaths just so the documentary will be over
Based
immediately succumbs to gravity and plummets to earth
imitative of innumerable
impassive a manner
every cliché about gays in what is essentially an extended soap opera
every cliché
every cliche we 've come to expect , including the assumption that `` crazy '' people are innocent , childlike and inherently funny
every aggrieved father cliché
the same mistake as the music industry
a museum , where viewers would be free to leave
the same mistake
suspecting that it was improvised on a day-to-day basis during production
wanted to like much more than I actually did
resurrection is n't exactly quality cinema , but it is n't nearly as terrible as it cold have been
their tormentor deserved .
their super-powers , their super-simple animation
a sly dissection of the inanities of the contemporary music business and a rather sad story of the difficulties of artistic collaboration
not memorable
feel weird \ \/ Thinking about all the bad things in the world \ \/ Like puppies with broken legs \ \/ And butterflies that die \ \/ And movies starring pop queens
feel time has decided to stand still
feel sorry
feel sorry for Mick Jagger 's sex life
spent the duration of the film 's shooting schedule waiting to scream : `` Got AIDS yet
spent watching this waste of time .
becomes about seduction , where backstabbing and betrayals are celebrated
becomes an exercise in trying to predict when a preordained '' big moment '' will occur and not '' if .
to camouflage how bad his movie is
the first two are ruined by amateurish writing and acting , while the third feels limited by its short running time
provoked to intolerable levels
a muddled and offensive cautionary tale for Hispanic Americans
a muddled and offensive cautionary tale
a music video rather than a full-length movie
on my own deathbed for a while
Steven Soderbergh 's ` Solaris ' is a failure
so clumsily sentimental
is a movie where the most notable observation is how long you 've been sitting still .
is a movie where the most notable observation is how long you 've been sitting still
is a movie that has no interest in itself .
is a movie that has no interest in itself
is a new collectible . What parents will suspect is that they 're watching a 76-minute commercial .
is too bad
is too bad that this likable movie is n't more accomplished . The actors try hard but come off too amateurish and awkward
is too blatant
is too complicated to sustain involvement , and , if you 'll excuse a little critical heresy , too intellectually ambitious
is too contemplative
is too contemplative to be really funny .
I would recommend Big Bad Love only to Winger fans who have missed her since 1995 's Forget Paris . But even then , I 'd recommend waiting for DVD and just skipping straight to her scenes .
turd squashed
the final effect is like having two guys yelling in your face for two hours .
IHOPs do n't pile on this much syrup .
a little convenient
blah characters
would be a lot better if it pared down its plots and characters to a few rather than dozens ... or if it were subtler ... or if it had a sense of humor .
admission ? Absolutely not
admission ? Absolutely not . It sucked
bother to make her heroine 's book sound convincing , the gender-war ideas original , or the comic scenes fly
bottom-feeder
me uncomfortably close to losing my lunch
This dubious product
This dubious product of a college-spawned ( Colgate U . ) comedy ensemble known as Broken Lizard
This erotic cannibal movie is boring
This extremely unfunny film
This extremely unfunny film clocks in at 80 minutes , but feels twice as long .
, if not very imaginative ,
is just a plain old monster
so tedious it makes the silly spy vs .
Empire ca n't make up its mind whether it wants to be a gangster flick or an art film .
Empire ca n't make up its mind whether it wants to be a gangster flick or an art film . It does n't work as either .
Ends up offering nothing more than the latest Schwarzenegger or Stallone flick would .
Ends up offering nothing more than the latest Schwarzenegger or Stallone flick
No , I do n't know why Steven Seagal is considered a star , nor why he keeps being cast in action films when none of them are ever any good or make any money .
Ninety minutes of Viva Castro ! can be as tiresome as 9 seconds of Jesse Helms ' anti- Castro rhetoric , which are included
No Such Thing breaks no new ground and treads old turf like a hippopotamus ballerina .
the film does n't really care about the thousands of americans who die hideously
that stalls in its lackluster gear of emotional blandness
the film does n't really care about the thousands of americans who die hideously ,
that started with a great premise and then just fell apart
that stretches the running time about 10 minutes past a child 's interest and an adult 's patience .
in Columbia Pictures ' perverse idea of an animated holiday movie
spectacularly ugly-looking
in Case of Fire ? lazily and glumly
This Bond film goes off the beaten path , not necessarily for the better .
plays like some weird masterpiece theater sketch with neither a point
played in the most straight-faced fashion , with little humor to lighten things up
it has all the heart of a porno flick ( but none of the sheer lust ) .
it gets very ugly , very fast
delivers some chills and sustained unease , but flounders in its quest for Deeper Meaning
delusions to escape their maudlin influence .
think of it as '' Pootie Tang with a budget
think they
two star script
The film starts promisingly , but the ending is all too predictable and far too cliched to really work .
The film starts promisingly , but
The film starts promisingly , but the ending is all too predictable and far too cliched to really work
The film ultimately offers nothing more than people in an urban jungle needing other people to survive ...
years in China . He has not learnt that storytelling is what the movies are about
still want my money back
Devolves into the derivative , leaning on badly-rendered CGI effects .
Deuces Wild treads heavily into Romeo and Juliet\/West Side Story territory , where it plainly has no business going .
Devolves into the derivative
( Lee ) treats his audience the same way that Jim Brown treats his women -- as dumb , credulous , unassuming , subordinate subjects . And Lee seems just as expectant of an adoring , wide-smiling reception .
( Lin Chung 's ) voice is rather unexceptional ,
( Lin Chung 's ) voice is rather unexceptional
( L ) ame and unnecessary .
( Lee ) treats his audience the same way that Jim Brown treats his women -- as dumb , credulous , unassuming , subordinate subjects . And
( Lee ) treats his audience the same way that Jim Brown treats his women -- as dumb , credulous , unassuming , subordinate subjects .
than petty theft of your time
than perfunctory skill
( Lin Chung 's ) voice is rather unexceptional , even
( sinks ) into exploitation .
fails on its own , but makes you second-guess your affection for the original
The whole thing comes off like a particularly amateurish episode of Bewitched that takes place during Spring Break .
failure to construct a story with even a trace of dramatic interest
faced and spindly attempt at playing an ingenue makes her nomination as best actress even more of a an a
fade amid the deliberate , tiresome ugliness
smallness
sits uneasily as a horror picture
sits uneasily as a horror picture ...
sits uneasily as a horror picture ... but
truly , truly bad movie
truly , truly bad
These self-styled athletes have banged their brains into the ground so frequently
looks much more like a cartoon in the end
looks much more like a cartoon in the end than The Simpsons ever has
remains that a wacky concept does not a movie make
looks like a made-for-home-video quickie
looks like a made-for-home-video quickie .
who do n't care what kind of sewage they shovel into their mental gullets to simulate sustenance
that is as difficult for the audience to take as it
who do n't need the lesson in repugnance . It 's also not smart or barbed enough for older viewers
who desperately want to be Quentin Tarantino when they grow up
who does n't understand the difference between dumb fun and just plain dumb
pulse
it must have read ` seeking anyone with acting ambition but no sense of pride or shame . '
it might have held my attention , but
it might as well have been titled Generic Jennifer Lopez Romantic Comedy
it might have held my attention ,
These characters become wearisome .
shot from behind , as if it could fool us into thinking that we 're not watching a double
shot himself in the foot
shot that misfires .
just not a thrilling movie
just plain dull
just not well enough
just plain irrelevant
just plain dumb
just sits there like a side dish no one ordered .
staged violence overshadows everything , including most of the actors .
stages his gags
staged violence overshadows everything ,
staged violence overshadows everything , including most of the actors
watered down the version of the one before
staged like '' Rosemary 's Baby , '' but is not as well-conceived as either of those films .
the flat dialogue by Vincent R. Nebrida
staged violence overshadows everything
thick as the cigarette smoke
staged like '' Rosemary 's Baby , '' but is not as well-conceived as either of those films
they were put to sleep by the movie and had a nightmare
is boring
is bravado -- to take an entirely stale concept and push it through the audience 's meat grinder one more time
Johnnie To and Wai Ka Fai are ) sure to find an enthusiastic audience among American action-adventure buffs , but the film 's interests may be too narrow to attract crossover viewers .
intolerance has the power to deform families , then tear them apart
seems far more interested in gross-out humor than in showing us well-thought stunts or a car chase that we have n't seen 10,000 times .
told by a cinematic gymnast having too much fun embellishing the misanthropic tale to actually engage it
in its lackluster gear of emotional blandness
in its recycled aspects , implausibility , and sags
The thought of watching this film with an audience full of teenagers fixating on its body humour and reinforcement of stereotypes ( of which they 'll get plenty ) fills me with revulsion .
The thought of watching this film with an audience full of teenagers fixating on its body humour and reinforcement of stereotypes
The thought of watching this film with an audience full of teenagers fixating on its body humour and reinforcement of stereotypes ( of which they 'll get plenty )
The thing about guys like Evans is this : You 're never quite sure where self-promotion ends and the truth begins .
The thing about guys like Evans is this : You 're never quite sure where self-promotion ends and the truth begins
The threat implied in the title Pokémon 4ever is terrifying
tartly
target audience has n't graduated from junior high school
taste for '' shock humor '' will wear thin on all
undemanding action movies with all the alacrity of their Hollywood counterparts
modern action\/comedy buddy movie whose only nod to nostalgia is in the title
frantic efforts
in bizarre unjustified fashion
in borders
in broad stereotypes and outrageously unbelievable scenarios
have finally aged past his prime ... and , perhaps more than he realizes
have finally aged past his prime ... and ,
have felt like a cheat
in a sardine can '' warped logic
in events that could easily crush it forever
all the more annoying
all the poignancy of a Hallmark card and all the comedy of a Gallagher stand-up act
all the more infuriating
will find little of interest in this film , which is often preachy and poorly acted
Schneidermeister ... Makin ' a fool of himself ...
Schneidermeister ... Makin ' a fool of himself ... Losin ' his fan base
Schneidermeister ... Makin ' a fool of himself ... Losin ' his fan base ...
Schwartzman , who 's shot himself in the foot
is Wang 's pacing that none of the excellent cast are given air to breathe
is Oedekerk 's realization of his childhood dream to be in a martial-arts flick , and proves that sometimes the dreams of youth should remain just that
is a bad film
is a bad movie appearing on behalf of a good cause
eventually works its way up to merely bad rather than painfully awful .
ever making his wife look so bad in a major movie
ever reaching the comic heights it obviously desired
to imagine the process that produced such a script , but here 's guessing that spray cheese and underarm noises played a crucial role
to immerse you in sheer , unrelenting wretchedness
a lackluster script and substandard performances
a lackluster screenplay
a lackluster script
a kind of abstract guilt
a pretty mediocre family film
a pretty big problem
a primer on what happens when lack of know-how mixes with lack of give-a-damn
treats women like idiots .
does n't quite go the distance
does n't reach them
does n't really go anywhere
does n't really go anywhere .
does n't sustain its initial promise with a jarring , new-agey tone creeping into the second half
Terminally bland
Terminally bland , painfully slow
Terminally bland , painfully slow and needlessly confusing
Terminally bland , painfully slow and
Terminally bland , painfully slow and needlessly confusing ... The movie , shot on digital videotape rather than film , is frequently indecipherable .
shoplifts shamelessly
shoplifts
does little
trademark misogyny
does it ask searching enough questions to justify its pretensions
any way of gripping what its point is ,
any way of gripping what its point is , or
any way of gripping what its point is
any storytelling flow
and Dreyfus
fear and paranoia
the paucity of laughter in what 's supposed to be a comedy
is sabotaged by ticking time bombs and other Hollywood-action cliches
is sabotaged by the story 's inability to create interest
does LeBlanc make one spectacularly ugly-looking broad
does a disservice
does LeBlanc make one spectacularly ugly-looking broad , but he appears miserable throughout as he swaggers through his scenes .
does a disservice to the audience and to the genre .
does a disservice to the audience and to the genre
does a film so graceless and devoid of merit as this one come along .
does a film so graceless and devoid of merit as this one come along
newcomers may find themselves stifling a yawn or two during the first hour
\ \/ But Daphne , you 're too Buff \ \/ Fred thinks he 's tough \ \/ And Velma - wow , you 've lost weight
\ \/ Fred
with the candy-like taste of it fading faster than 25-cent bubble gum , I realized this is a throwaway movie that wo n't stand the test of time .
mucking up its storyline
better off staying on the festival circuit
better films
Murphy and Wilson actually make a pretty good team ... but the project surrounding them is distressingly rote .
of creating historical context and waltzes off into a hectic soap about the ups and downs of the heavy breathing between the two artists
of conveying any emotion
the self-interest and paranoia that shape most American representations of Castro
is Sandler running on empty , repeating what he 's already done way too often
is Lilia herself . She 's a cipher , played by an actress who smiles and frowns but does n't reveal an inner life
is Sandler running on empty , repeating what he 's already done way too often .
is a Mormon family movie , and a sappy , preachy one at that
its subject matter is too calm and thoughtful for agitprop , and the thinness of its characterizations makes it a failure as straight drama . '
its tragic waste of life
its tragic waste
its underventilated père-fils confrontations
its unbelievable naïveté and arbitrary flashbacks
for mercy
the Halloween series has lost its edge
the Jerry Springer crowd
the all-too-familiar dramatic
the all-too-familiar
take an entirely stale concept and
reduce the chances that the appeal of Hey Arnold ! The Movie will reach far beyond its core demographic
the grieving process
Shore awful .
found the proceedings a little bit too conventional
the grossest movie
providing no real sense of suspense
altogether darker side
Sheridan is painfully bad , a fourth-rate Jim Carrey who does n't understand the difference between dumb fun and just plain dumb .
scrubbing the toilet
script weaknesses
scripted by someone who just graduated from elementary school
script and uptight characters
undermines its message of Christian love and compassion
undermines his good intentions .
undermined by Ahola 's inadequate performance
undermine this adaptation
trying to set the women 's liberation movement back 20 years
's a drag how Nettelbeck sees working women -- or at least this working woman -- for whom she shows little understanding .
's a glorified sitcom , and a long , unfunny one at that .
report that it is instead a cheap cliché
happens to be her own worst enemy
gruelling
worse stunt editing
decay
worn threadbare
still need to function according to some set of believable and comprehensible impulses , no matter how many drugs they do or how much artistic license Avary employs .
still feels like it was made by some very stoned college students
still feels like an ugly knot tightening in your stomach
still do n't feel enough of an attachment to these guys to care one way or another
still ca n't save itself from being unoriginal , unfunny and unrecommendable .
still ca n't relate to Stuart
loaded with actors you 're most likely to find on the next inevitable incarnation of The Love Boat
living under a rock
pulls up lame
seemed static
looks as if it was made without much thought -- and is best watched that way
to suffer '
to string-pulling rather than legitimate character development
looks as if it was made without much thought -- and is best watched that way .
in a way that verges on the amateurish
in a way that bespeaks an expiration date passed a long time ago
bad people
bad movie
an even less capable trio of criminals
bad premise
's worse
's weaker than most .
's weaker than most
's where the film ultimately fails
looks as if it was made without much thought
enveloped in a story that , though meant to be universal in its themes of loyalty , courage and dedication to a common goal , never seems to leave the lot
entry number twenty the worst of the Brosnan bunch
gag
there just is n't much to laugh at .
these jokers are supposed to have pulled off four similar kidnappings before
reduce the chances that the appeal of Hey Arnold
represents the worst kind of filmmaking , the kind that pretends to be passionate and truthful but is really frustratingly timid and soggy .
against governmental odds
against humanity
A chilly , remote , emotionally distant piece ... so dull that its tagline should be : ` In space , no one can hear you snore .
may be the first cartoon ever to look as if it were being shown on the projection television screen of a sports bar
Trying to make head or tail of the story in the hip-hop indie Snipes is enough to give you brain strain -- and
Trying to make head or tail of the story in the hip-hop indie Snipes is enough to give you brain strain --
Trying to make head or tail of the story in the hip-hop indie Snipes is enough to give you brain strain
does not a movie make
does not deserve to go down with a ship as leaky as this
does not deserve to go down with a ship as leaky as this .
's never as solid as you want it to be
a sermon for most of its running time
is omitted nor a clich left unsaid
is one of the hapless victims of the arrogant '' if we put together a wry white man and a chatty black man and give them guns , the movie will be funny '' syndrome
is nothing if not
is of overwhelming waste
is painfully formulaic and stilted
for purposes of bland Hollywood romance
seriously dumb
You 're never quite sure where self-promotion ends and the truth begins
the tries-so-hard-to-be-cool '' Clockstoppers
the triviality
the travails of metropolitan life ! Alas
the travails of metropolitan life ! Alas , another breathless movie about same !
our infantilized culture
a video installation in a museum , where viewers would be free to leave
a so-called ` comedy ' and not laugh
a snore and utter tripe
a so-called ` comedy '
a sour taste in your mouth
a visual style that is willfully overwrought
a village idiot as the 007 clone
our infantilized culture that is n't entirely infantile
serves as a rather thin moral to such a knowing fable
serves as auto-critique , and its clumsiness as its own most damning censure .
serves as auto-critique , and its clumsiness as its own most damning censure
an all-time low for Kevin Costner
an all-inclusive world where uptight , middle class bores like Antonia can feel good about themselves
So boring that even its target audience talked all the way through it .
an angry bark
an amateurish screenplay
So boring
as if it were an obligation .
more irritating cartoons
do virtually everything wrong
do too many things in this story
balding 50-year-old actor
And as with most late-night bull sessions , eventually the content is n't nearly as captivating as the rowdy participants think it is .
baloney
baloney movie biz
banal , virulently unpleasant excuse
And adults will at least have a dream image of the West to savor whenever the film 's lamer instincts are in the saddle .
of unrecoverable life
of unoriginality and predictability
of too many chefs fussing over too weak a recipe
of those films that started with a great premise and then just fell apart
of unwatchable drivel
by a charm that 's conspicuously missing from the Girls ' big-screen blowout
by a desire to match mortarboards with Dead Poets Society and Good Will Hunting than by its own story
by a director so self-possessed he actually adds a period to his first name
by a lackluster script and substandard performances
by a plot that 's just too boring and obvious
do n't come off
do n't combine easily
, and as with all ambitious films , it has some problems .
The Country Bears has no scenes that will upset or frighten young viewers . Unfortunately , there is almost nothing in this flat effort that will amuse or entertain them , either .
The Four Feathers is definitely horse feathers
The Emperor 's Club turns a blind eye to the very history it pretends to teach .
The Four Feathers is definitely horse feathers , but
The Four Feathers is definitely horse feathers ,
a ravishing consciousness-raiser , if a bit draggy at times
behave like kids
begun to split up so that it can do even more damage
disappointments
It does n't work as either .
It does n't matter that the film is less than 90 minutes . It still feels like a prison stretch .
It does n't make for great cinema ,
It does n't make for great cinema
It does n't make for great cinema , but it is interesting to see where one 's imagination will lead when given the opportunity .
warned
one of the actor 's whiny jags
through a dreary tract of virtually plotless meanderings
though lovers of the book may wonder why it 's necessary
one of the most repellent things to pop up in a cinematic year already littered with celluloid garbage
trying to laugh at how bad
trying to hold onto what 's left of his passe ' chopsocky glory
trying to have it both ways
There are many things that solid acting can do for a movie , but crafting something promising from a mediocre screenplay is not one of them
trying to decide what annoyed me most about God is Great
trying to be other films
Chabrol has taken promising material for a black comedy and turned it instead into a somber chamber drama .
probably would look a lot like this alarming production , adapted from Anne Rice 's novel The Vampire Chronicles .
be his way of saying that piffle is all that the airhead movie business deserves from him right now
problematic characters
do n't add up to much more than trite observations on the human condition
do n't add up to much more than trite observations on the human condition .
do justice to the awfulness of the movie , for that comes through all too painfully in the execution
do little to salvage this filmmaker 's flailing reputation
do little to salvage this filmmaker 's flailing reputation .
be greedy
disappointing when a documentary fails to live up to -- or offer any new insight into -- its chosen topic .
the pitfalls of incoherence and redundancy
Ecks this one off your must-see list
Ecks this one off your must-see list .
Ed Burns can have his revoked
dress up in drag
try paying less attention to the miniseries and more attention to the film it is about
drifts so inexorably into cliches
drifts so inexorably
raw and disturbing tale
drifts so inexorably into cliches about tortured ( and torturing ) artists and consuming but impossible love that you ca n't help but become more disappointed as each overwrought new sequence plods
the material is so second-rate
neither does it exude any charm or personality
neglects
needs to show some presence and star quality
needs to do his or her own Hamlet . For Benigni it was n't Shakespeare whom he wanted to define his career with but Pinocchio . It might as well have been Problem Child IV .
needs to do his or her own Hamlet . For Benigni it was n't Shakespeare whom he wanted to define his career with but Pinocchio . It might as well have been Problem Child IV
needs more dramatic meat on its bones .
waxes poetic far too much for our taste
Her fans walked out muttering words like `` horrible '' and `` terrible , '' but had so much fun dissing the film that they did n't mind the ticket cost .
Her film is like a beautiful food entrée that is n't heated properly , so that it ends up a bit cold and relatively flavorless .
Here the love scenes all end in someone screaming .
interesting but constantly unfulfilling
try for the greatness that Happy Together shoots for ( and misses )
stumblings
it races to the finish line proves simply too discouraging to let slide
it reaches the level of crudity in the latest Austin Powers extravaganza
it says far less about the horrifying historical reality than about the filmmaker 's characteristic style
it projects onto the screen -- loud , violent and mindless
it promises , just not well enough to recommend it
it seeks excitement in manufactured high drama
it seems as if each watered down the version of the one before
A Generation X artifact , capturing a brief era of insanity in the sports arena that surely can not last .
A DOA
A DOA dud from frame one .
The low-budget Full Frontal was one of the year 's murkiest , intentionally obscure and self-indulgent pictures , and Solaris is its big-budget brother .
one of those films that requires the enemy to never shoot straight
one of those art house films that makes you feel like you 're watching an iceberg melt -- only
one resurrection too many .
one reason it 's so lackluster
this wafer-thin movie
watching this film nearly provoked me to take my own life . And
The lower your expectations , the more you 'll enjoy it .
The makers have forsaken the entertaining elements of the original
this vapid vehicle is downright doltish and uneventful
other words , about as bad a film
other than money why this distinguished actor would stoop so low
, weightless fairy tale
Fat Waste
scary and sad
, we get an ugly , mean-spirited lashing out by an adult who 's apparently been forced by his kids to watch too many Barney videos .
snowballs out of
the next , hastily , emptily
fessenden 's horror trilogy
should be tried as a war criminal
feels like an ugly knot tightening in your stomach . but is that knot from dramatic tension or a symptom of artistic malnutrition
feels like just one more in the long line of films this year about
fessenden 's
something has been lost in the translation to the screen
something fundamental missing from this story
no quarter to anyone seeking to pull a cohesive story out of its 2 1\/2 -
see how insufferable the character is
see a devastating comic impersonation
no quarter to anyone seeking to pull a cohesive story out of its 2 1\/2 - hour running time
should have been deeper
may prove too convoluted for fun-seeking summer audiences
sabotages the movie 's strengths
( Carvey 's ) characters are both overplayed and exaggerated
Rumor
their estranged
follows the basic plot trajectory of nearly every Schwarzenegger film
follows the formula ,
follows the formula , but throws in too many conflicts to keep the story compelling
follows the formula , but throws in too many conflicts to keep the story compelling .
There 's not much more to this adaptation of the Nick Hornby novel than charm
completely deadpan
Satan is throwing up his hands in surrender , is firing his R&D people , and has decided he will just screen The Master of Disguise 24\/7 .
I 'm not sure which half of Dragonfly is worse : The part where nothing 's happening , or the part where something 's happening
a confusing melange of tones and styles ,
a complete mess
a community-college advertisement
a confusing melange
you 're in the right b-movie frame of mind
playwriting 101 premise
Both heartbreaking
try to create characters out of the obvious cliches ,
of the saddest action hero performances ever witnessed
of the self-esteem of employment and the shame of losing a job
feels less like a change in ( herzog 's ) personal policy than a half-hearted fluke .
bottom
bowel-curdling
impish augmentation
impersonal in its relentlessness
implements every hack-artist trick to give us the ooky-spookies
implausible situation
implodes in a series of very bad special effects
searching for a quarter in a giant pile of elephant feces ...
whistles and bells
visually flashy but narratively opaque and
why any actor of talent would ever work in a McCulloch production again if they looked at how this movie turned out
the glum , numb experience of watching o fantasma
I 'm sure mainstream audiences will be baffled ,
the glacier-paced direction and the stereotypical characters
sleep-inducingly
worn-out material
worse than bland
worse , routine
worse yet
the glum , numb
sexism to Monday Morning that undercuts its charm
visually bland
put so much time and energy into this turkey
lampoons the moviemaking process itself ,
sex in the movies look like cheap hysterics
it makes My Big Fat Greek Wedding look like an apartheid drama
it makes absolutely no sense
it makes films like XXX and Collateral Damage seem like thoughtful treatises
it makes your least favorite James Bond movie seem as cleverly plotted as The Usual Suspects
want to bolt the theater in the first 10 minutes
searching for its identity
rank frustration from those in the know about Rubbo 's dumbed-down tactics
rank frustration from those in the
rank frustration from those
randomness usually achieved only by lottery drawing
rampant vampire devaluation
rampant adultery
a screenplay that forces them into bizarre , implausible behavior
a scummy ripoff of David Cronenberg
a scummy ripoff
a scummy ripoff of David Cronenberg 's brilliant ` Videodrome .
a scummy ripoff of David Cronenberg 's brilliant ` Videodrome
a sea of visual and verbal clichés
a scummy ripoff of David Cronenberg 's brilliant ` Videodrome . '
most of the movie is the same teenage American road-trip drek we 've seen before
most offensive action
most of which passed as slowly as if I 'd been sitting naked on an igloo
as you watch them clumsily mugging their way through Snow Dogs
as you watch them clumsily mugging their way through Snow Dogs ,
Parents beware
latent 15-year-old romantic
lectures on '' the other '' and '' the self
shining a not particularly flattering spotlight
the good , which is its essential problem
Mobius strip
I 'm not sure which is worse : the poor acting by the ensemble cast , the flat dialogue by Vincent R. Nebrida or the gutless direction by Laurice Guillen .
I 'm sure the filmmaker would disagree , but , honestly , I do n't see the point .
I 'm telling you , this is f \*\*\* ed
I 've come to expect more from this studio than some 79-minute after-school `` cartoon ''
an equally miserable film
an equally miserable film the following year
an episode of Miami Vice
Watching `` Ending '' is too often like looking over the outdated clothes and plastic knickknacks at your neighbor 's garage sale .
an erratic career
an essentially awkward version
the movie makes two hours feel like four .
becomes simply a monster chase film
A non-mystery mystery .
A muted freak-out
A noble failure .
A movie that 's held captive by mediocrity .
None of the characters or plot-lines are fleshed-out enough to build any interest .
Nonsensical
None of this violates the letter of Behan 's book , but missing is its spirit , its ribald , full-throated humor .
None of these characters resembles anyone you 've ever met in real life , unless you happen to know annoyingly self-involved people who speak in glib sentences that could have only come from the pen of a screenwriter .
Nonsensical , dull '' cyber-horror '' flick
, you have a problem .
, you might soon be looking for a sign .
ruin and ultimate collapse
in its ugly and diverse forms
in its dumbness
Boring
Boring we
Borrows from so many literary and cinematic sources that this future world feels absolutely deja vu
Borrows from so many literary and cinematic sources that this future world feels absolutely deja vu .
predisposed to the movie 's rude and crude humor
predominantly charitable it can only be seen as propaganda
you 'll regret
the hurried , badly cobbled look of the 1959 Godzilla , which combined scenes of a Japanese monster flick with canned shots of Raymond Burr commenting on the monster 's path of destruction
the hurried , badly cobbled look
you have no interest in the gang-infested , East-vs . - West Coast rap wars
the humor dwindles
uncouth , incomprehensible , vicious and absurd
qualify as a terrible tragedy
puzzlement among critics about what the election symbolizes
you wo n't care
you wish he 'd gone the way of Don Simpson
you wrong on both counts
is callow
suffers from a laconic pace and a lack of traditional action
suffers a severe case of oversimplification , superficiality and silliness .
suffers from a simplistic narrative and a pat , fairy-tale conclusion
suffers from a laconic pace and a lack of traditional action .
suffocating rape-payback horror
they 'll probably run out screaming .
vulgarity , sex scenes , and cussing
they '' looked like . Why '' they '' were here and what '' they '' wanted and quite honestly , I did n't care
they 're merely signposts marking the slow , lingering death of imagination .
Hell
they 're doing is a matter of plumbing arrangements and mind games , of no erotic or sensuous charge .
Hell House
that 's as lumpy as two-day old porridge ... the filmmakers ' paws , sad to say , were all over this '' un-bear-able '' project
that 's a bad sign
that 's about as overbearing and over-the-top as the family it
that 's a bad sign when they 're supposed to be having a collective heart attack
something of a stiff
something more recyclable than significant
The entire film is one big excuse to play one lewd scene after another . About half of them are funny , a few are sexy and none are useful in telling the story , which is paper-thin and decidedly unoriginal .
a deep vein of sadness
off-season
idea ( of middle-aged romance ) is not handled well and ,
idea ( of middle-aged romance ) is not handled well and , except for the fine star performances
idea ( of middle-aged romance ) is not handled well
idea ( of middle-aged romance ) is not handled well and
the girls-behaving-badly film has fallen
the genuine ones barely register
the gay community as an all-inclusive world where uptight , middle class bores like Antonia can feel good about themselves
the psychology too textbook to intrigue
the camera for a yarn that 's ultimately rather inconsequential
It does n't really know or care about the characters , and uses them as markers for a series of preordained events .
about every cliche in the compendium about crass , jaded movie types and the phony baloney movie biz
about existential suffering
of Tremors on the modern B-scene : neither as funny nor as clever ,
from squirming in their seats
from seeming predictably formulaic
It forces you to watch people doing unpleasant things to each other and themselves , and
varmints
it feels like an after-school special gussied up with some fancy special effects
it feels like an after-school special gussied up with some fancy special effects , and
it feels like an after-school special gussied up with some fancy special effects ,
it feels like an after-school special gussied up with some fancy special effects , and watching its rote plot points connect is about as exciting as gazing at an egg timer for 93 minutes .
it feels like an after-school special gussied up with some fancy special effects , and watching its rote plot points connect is about as exciting as gazing at an egg timer for 93 minutes
preposterous and thoroughly misogynistic
big issues
a B-movie revenge
a Brazil-like , hyper-real satire
silly fluff . Nor
silly and overwrought
silly and unintentionally
silly beyond comprehension
silly con job
silly , stupid and pointless
silly Hollywood action film
silly and monotonous
the only thing Avary seems to care about are mean giggles and pulchritude .
pacing and indifferent craftsmanship
pacing and lack
pace and foot-dragging rhythms follow
all right . Extremely dumb .
gain the unconditional love she seeks
you think , hmmmmm . You see the movie and you think , zzzzzzzzz
that 's been done before
All the necessary exposition prevents the picture from rising above your generic sand 'n' sandal adventure .
All the amped-up Tony Hawk-style stunts and thrashing rap-metal ca n't disguise the fact that , really , we 've been here , done that .
All the characters are stereotypes
All the Queen 's Men is finally just one long drag .
All the amped-up Tony Hawk-style stunts and thrashing rap-metal
this facetious smirk
this every-joke-has - been-told-a
Suffers from all the excesses
Suffers from all the excesses of the genre
Succumbs to the same kind of maudlin , sentimental mysticism that mars the Touched by an Angel school of non-God spiritual-uplift movies .
Sucking
Sucking all the ` classic ' out of Robert Louis Stevenson 's Treasure Island
Sucking all the ` classic ' out of Robert Louis Stevenson 's Treasure Island and filling the void with sci-fi video game graphics and Disney-fied adolescent angst ...
in ( the characters ' ) misery
A lackluster , unessential sequel to the classic Disney adaptation
, a movie comes along to remind us of how very bad a motion picture can truly be .
, `` dead circus performer '' funny
, `` Rollerball '' 2002 may go down in cinema history as the only movie ever in which the rest of the cast was outshined by LL Cool J.
, a second assassin shot Kennedy ?
, a movie like Ballistic : Ecks Vs. Sever is more of an ordeal than an amusement .
the not-exactly
the none-too-original premise
the no sense ending
the folly of superficiality that is itself
you 're likely wondering why you 've been watching all this strutting and posturing .
spied with my little eye ... a mediocre collection of cookie-cutter action scenes and
spent the duration of the film 's shooting schedule waiting to scream
spent the past 20 minutes looking at your watch
spies
a loony melodramatic denouement in which a high school swimming pool substitutes for a bathtub
his pathos from drippiness
a long way to go before it reaches the level of crudity in the latest Austin Powers extravaganza
a long patch of black ice
maudlin , sentimental mysticism that mars the Touched by an Angel school of non-God spiritual-uplift movies
a cheap
a cheap scam
Ultimately this is a frustrating patchwork : an uneasy marriage of Louis Begley 's source novel ( About Schmidt ) and an old Payne screenplay .
Ultimately the , yes , snail-like pacing and lack of thematic resonance make the film more silly than scary , like some sort of Martha Stewart decorating program run amok .
Ultimately , the film amounts to being lectured to by tech-geeks , if you 're up for that sort of thing .
that 's not quite the memorable experience it might have been
Ultimately , Sarah 's dedication to finding her husband seems more psychotic than romantic , and nothing in the movie makes a convincing case that one woman 's broken heart outweighs all the loss we witness .
when her material is not first-rate
Ultimate X is the gabbiest giant-screen movie ever , bogging down in a barrage of hype .
I 'd be hard pressed to think of a film more cloyingly sappy than Evelyn this year .
could be doing something else far more pleasurable
could be more appropriate
rapidly deteriorating
rapidly deteriorating line
rather messy
too much kid-vid
smarty-pants
smarty-pants aura
smug
a more annoying
a more annoying , though less angry
a more annoying , though
( P ) artnering Murphy with Robert De Niro for the TV-cops comedy Showtime would seem to be surefire casting . The catch is that they 're stuck with a script that prevents them from firing on all cylinders .
become dullingly repetitive
Ghost Ship is pretty landbound , with its leaden acting , dull exposition and telegraphed ` surprises . '
Can I admit XXX is as deep as a Petri dish and as well-characterized as a telephone book but still say it was a guilty pleasure ?
difficult-to-swallow setting
dig deep to sink this low . Fortunately for all involved
diffuses every opportunity for a breakthrough
were a series of Bible parables and not an actual story
Mocking kung fu pictures when they were a staple of exploitation theater programming was witty . Mocking them now is an exercise in pointlessness .
Mocking them now is an exercise in pointlessness
Mocking
Mocking kung fu pictures when they were a staple of exploitation theater programming
Moderately involving despite bargain-basement photography and hackneyed romance .
A brutally dry satire of Middle American numbness .
a fan of the phrase ` life affirming ' because it usually means ` schmaltzy
even though the reality is anything but
It all comes down to whether you can tolerate Leon Barlow . I ca n't .
It aimlessly and unsuccessfully attempts to fuse at least three dull plots into one good one .
It 's tough to tell which is in more abundant supply in this woefully hackneyed movie , directed by Scott Kalvert , about street gangs and turf wars in 1958 Brooklyn -- stale cliches , gratuitous violence , or empty machismo .
It 's tough to be startled when you 're almost dozing .
It 's unfortunate that Wallace , who wrote Gibson 's Braveheart as well as the recent Pearl Harbor , has such an irrepressible passion for sappy situations and dialogue .
It 's the kind of under-inspired , overblown enterprise that gives Hollywood sequels a bad name .
Entertainment more disposable than Hanna-Barbera 's half-hour cartoons
, Big Trouble remains a loosely tied series of vignettes which only prove that ` zany ' does n't necessarily mean ` funny . '
, All About the Benjamins evokes the bottom tier of blaxploitation flicks from the 1970s .
, American Chai is enough to make you put away the guitar , sell the amp , and apply to medical school .
, Ballistic : Ecks Vs . Sever also features terrible , banal dialogue ; convenient , hole-ridden plotting ; superficial characters and a rather dull , unimaginative car chase .
, Austin Powers in Goldmember has some unnecessary parts and is kinda wrong in places .
, and sexuality
worse sign
whatever fills time --
, Andersson 's rigorous personal vision is not only distanced but distancing .
is equally hackneyed
is entry number twenty the worst of the Brosnan bunch
is essentially devoid of interesting characters or even a halfway intriguing plot
is even lazier and far less enjoyable
is even more suggestive of a 65th class reunion mixer
is even lazier and far less enjoyable .
is even more suggestive of a 65th class reunion mixer where only eight surviving members show up
Seems content to dog-paddle in the mediocre end of the pool , and
you missed the point
you might to scrutinize the ethics of Kaufman 's approach
you might soon be looking for a sign . An EXIT sign , that is .
( an anti-date movie is more like it )
Seems content to dog-paddle in the mediocre end of the pool ,
goes downhill .
goes for sick and demented humor simply to do so
nonsensical
nonsensical and
none of which ever seem to hit
none of these words really gets at the very special type of badness that is Deuces Wild .
underplayed
undermining the movie 's reality and stifling its creator 's comic voice
undernourished
undermining the movie 's reality and
with but Pinocchio . It might as well have been Problem Child IV
with but Pinocchio . It might as well have been Problem Child
with blade-thin characters
watching this film with an audience full of teenagers fixating on its body humour and reinforcement of stereotypes
mixed messages ,
misunderstanding of Marivaux 's rhythms , and Mira Sorvino 's limitations as a classical actress
misuse
mixed messages , over-blown drama and Bruce Willis
to have been lost in the translation this time
moaning about their cruel fate
to go down as the worst -- and only -- killer website movie of this or any other year
to shout insults at the screen
to shine through the gloomy film noir veil
to show that if you give a filmmaker an unlimited amount of phony blood , nothing good can happen
the flawed support structure
the flat dialogue by Vincent R . Nebrida or the gutless direction
bites hard .
termina por ser una parodia absolutamente predecible
tepid and tedious
tepid and choppy recycling
tepid and
grossest
grotesquely
grossest movie
grow boring ...
grow boring
Clumsy
the film is an agonizing bore except when the fantastic kathy bates turns up . bravado kathy
the film is a contrivance , as artificial as the video games japanese teens play in a nightclub sequence ,
Clumsy , obvious , preposterous , the movie will likely set the cause of woman warriors back decades .
's far from fresh-squeezed
by an adult who 's apparently been forced by his kids to watch too many Barney videos
by cold , loud special-effects-laden extravaganzas
by cliches , painful improbability and murky points
threatened by a terrorist bomb
seems to take itself far more seriously
You could say that it 's slow at times , you could say that a few of the characters act in ways that real people would n't ,
The Trinity Assembly approaches the endeavor with a shocking lack of irony , and
have the necessary self-control to guide a loose , poorly structured film through the pitfalls of incoherence and redundancy
have to ask whether her personal odyssey trumps the carnage that claims so many lives around her .
have to check your brain at the door
used to burn every print of the film
an excruciating dollop of Disney sentimentality mixed in for good measure
an eviction notice
it 's not as awful as some of the recent hollywood trip tripe ... but it 's far from a groundbreaking endeavor
it 's never a good sign when a film 's star spends the entirety of the film in a coma .
it 's never a good sign when a film 's star spends the entirety of the film in a coma . it
it 's never a good sign when a film 's star spends the entirety of the film in a coma . it 's a worse sign when you begin to envy her condition
it 's never a good sign when a film 's star spends the entirety of the film in a coma . it 's a worse sign when you begin to envy her condition .
used my two hours better watching
it 's not helpful to listen to extremist name-calling , regardless of whether you think kissinger was a calculating fiend or just a slippery self-promoter
lifeless rumblings
three episodes of a rejected TV show
is almost laughable as a consequence .
is almost impossible to follow
is almost impossible
, Sonny is spiked with unintentional laughter that , unfortunately , occurs too infrequently to make the film even a guilty pleasure .
, Scherfig tosses us a romantic scenario that is just as simplistic as a Hollywood production .
, Storytelling never quite gets over its rather lopsided conception
a martial arts adventure told by a lobotomized Woody Allen
a manipulative whitewash
our lust
out
grow wearisome amid leaden pacing and indifferent craftsmanship ( most notably wretched sound design ) .
grow wearisome amid leaden pacing and indifferent craftsmanship ( most notably wretched sound design )
While Cherish does n't completely survive its tonal transformation from dark comedy to suspense thriller
An unintentionally surreal kid 's picture ... in which actors in bad bear suits enact a sort of inter-species parody of a VH1 Behind the Music episode .
An unintentionally surreal kid 's picture ... in which actors in bad bear suits enact a sort of inter-species parody of a VH1 Behind the Music episode
An unsatisfying hybrid of Blair Witch and typical stalk-and-slash fare , where the most conservative protagonist is always the last one living
An unsatisfying hybrid
An unsuccessful attempt
bad cinema
loose
of an elderly , mentally handicapped family member
practically assures that the pocket monster movie franchise is nearly ready to keel over
stuck around for this long
the kind of movie Toback 's detractors always accuse him of making
there , done that ,
the drowsy heaviness of synchronized swimmer wearing a wool wetsuit
Ross 's
Befuddled
Before long , you 're desperate for the evening to end
Before it collapses into exactly the kind of buddy cop comedy it set out to lampoon , anyway
a bloated plot that stretches the running time about 10 minutes
a bit too much like an infomercial for Ram Dass 's latest book aimed at the boomer
a bit too much like an infomercial for Ram Dass 's latest book aimed at the boomer demographic
a black man getting humiliated by a pack of dogs who are smarter than him
to term an `` ambitious failure
car-wreck
Hollywood war-movie stuff
for exploiting the novelty of the ''
Hollywood too long has ignored
In its ragged , cheap and unassuming way
is exactly what it wants to be : an atrociously , mind-numbingly , indescribably bad movie
is f \*\*\* ed
ring hollow
ridiculous and money-oriented
ridiculous and
ridiculous
far less endearing disabilities
far less endearing
far more demanding than it needs to be
far from being a realized work
far from a treasure
far more interested in gross-out humor than in showing us well-thought stunts or a car chase that we have n't seen 10
far more interested in gross-out humor
Producer John Penotti surveyed high school students ... and came back with the astonishing revelation that '' they wanted to see something that did n't talk down to them . '' Ignoring that , he made Swimfan anyway
Prozac Nation
many flaws
to those who are n't too familiar with turntablism
to those who talk up what is nothing more than two guys beating the hell outta
Unbearable
Bloodwork is n't a terrible movie , just a stultifyingly obvious one -- an unrewarding collar for a murder mystery .
Unflinchingly
Blue Crush delivers what it promises , just not well enough to recommend it .
Episode II -- Attack of the Clones is a technological exercise that lacks juice and delight
Episode II -- Attack of the Clones is a technological exercise that lacks juice and delight .
Epps has neither the charisma nor the natural affability that has made Tucker a star .
Equilibrium the movie , as opposed to the manifesto , is really , really stupid .
Esther Kahn is unusual but unfortunately also irritating .
truly awful and heartbreaking subject matter
it treats women like idiots
that Martin Lawrence 's latest vehicle can explode obnoxiously into 2,500 screens while something of Bubba Ho-Tep 's clearly evident quality may end up languishing on a shelf somewhere
here his sense of story and his juvenile camera movements smack of a film school undergrad ,
here his sense of story and his juvenile camera movements smack of a film school undergrad
here are unintentional .
While not all transitions to adulthood are so fraught
dreary movie .
dramatic tension or a symptom of artistic malnutrition
dramatic things happen to people
drawn toward the light -- the light of the exit sign
dreadful romance .
dreary indulgence .
undeterminable
three terminally depressed , mostly inarticulate , hyper dysfunctional families
understated performances of ( Jack Nicholson 's ) career
undistinguished attempt to make a classic theater piece
undone by anachronistic quick edits and occasional jarring glimpses of a modern theater audience watching the events unfold
undone by a sloppy script
with the director taking a hands-off approach when he should have shaped the story to show us why it 's compelling
with the director taking a hands-off approach when he should have shaped the story to show us why it 's compelling .
literary purists may not be pleased
the constraints of formula
with the impression that you should have gotten more out of it than you did
sheer , unrelenting wretchedness
quiet freak-outs
too often becomes ponderous in its teaching of history
too obviously hateful to be classified otherwise
too overbearing
too often into sugary sentiment and withholds delivery on the pell-mell pyrotechnics its punchy style promises .
In Praise of Love remains a ponderous and pretentious endeavor that 's unfocused and tediously exasperating
In a 102-minute film , Aaliyah gets at most 20 minutes of screen time ... most viewers will wish there had been more of the '' Queen '' and less of the '' Damned
In a 102-minute film , Aaliyah gets at most 20 minutes of screen time ... most viewers will wish there had been more of the '' Queen '' and less of the '' Damned .
In a 102-minute film , Aaliyah gets at most 20 minutes of screen time ... most viewers will wish there had been more of the '' Queen '' and less of the '' Damned . ''
In a big corner office in Hell
In a big corner office in Hell , Satan is throwing up his hands in surrender , is firing his R&D people , and has decided he will just screen The Master of Disguise 24\/7 .
is a remake by the numbers , linking a halfwit plot to a series of standup routines in which Wilson and Murphy show how funny they could have been in a more ambitious movie .
blobby old-school
blobby
blobby old-school cgi animation
bloated
's a heavy stench of ` been there , done that ' hanging over the film
's a heaven for bad movies
's a hellish
's a heavy stench of ` been there , done that ' hanging over the film .
's a hellish , numbing experience to watch
's a hellish ,
's a little violence and lots of sex in a bid to hold our attention
schmaltzy , by-the-numbers romantic comedy
with the entire project having the feel of something tossed off quickly ( like one of Hubert 's punches )
with the drowsy heaviness of synchronized swimmer wearing a wool wetsuit
schmaltz
with the clumsy comedy Stealing Harvard
with the candy-like taste of it fading faster than 25-cent bubble gum
with the candy-like taste of it fading faster than 25-cent bubble gum , I realized this is a throwaway movie that wo n't stand the test of time . It 's a trifle .
schlocky horror\/action hybrid
schlocky
no organic intrigue
no other purpose
... also one of the most curiously depressing
no obvious directing
no one can hear you snore
no one in the audience or the film seems to really care
this Barbershop just does n't make the cut
this English trifle
thirty-three minutes spent watching this waste of time
you 've completely lowered your entertainment standards
anguished performance
is composed of snappy patter and pseudo-sophisticated cultural observations , while the remainder ... would be more at home on a daytime television serial
starts making water torture seem appealing
subject us to boring , self-important stories of how horrible we are to ourselves and each other
the movie lacks in action
the movie is hindered by a central plot that 's peppered with false starts and populated by characters who are nearly impossible to care about .
morally bankrupt characters
more abhorrent
more frantic than involving , more chaotic than entertaining .
clichés , depression and
clichés , depression and bad alternative music
cliché and foreshadowing
cliché-laden
cliché-laden screenplay
The sequel plays out like a flimsy excuse to give Blade fans another look at Wesley Snipes ' iconic hero doing battle with dozens of bad guys -- at once .
The sheer dumbness
The sheer dumbness of the plot ( other than its one good idea ) and the movie 's inescapable air of sleaziness
The setting turns out to be more interesting than any of the character dramas , which never reach satisfying conclusions .
The sheer dumbness of the plot ( other than its one good idea ) and the movie 's inescapable air of sleaziness get you down .
Culkin exudes none of the charm or charisma that might keep a more general audience even vaguely interested in his bratty character .
Crystal and De Niro share little screen time and even less chemistry .
a heretofore unfathomable question : Is it possible for computer-generated characters
from being a complete waste of time
a hit-to-miss ratio that does n't exactly favour the audience
We need kidnapping suspense dramas right now like we need doomsday thrillers .
We never really feel involved with the story , as all of its ideas remain just that : abstract ideas .
Weapon-derived buddy-cop movie
exactly , is fighting whom here ? Ah , yes , that would be me : fighting off the urge to doze
exactly 89 minutes , most of which passed as slowly as if I 'd been sitting naked on an igloo
it churns up not one but two flagrantly fake thunderstorms to underscore the action
it certainly got lost in the '' soon-to-be-forgettable '' section of the quirky rip-off prison romp pile .
weeping
Cry havoc and let slip the dogs of cheese , indeed
although this idea is '' new '' the results are tired
although this idea is '' new '' the results are tired .
Sets up a nice concept for its fiftysomething leading ladies , but fails loudly in execution
Sets up a nice concept for its fiftysomething leading ladies , but fails loudly in execution .
Serving Sara should be served an eviction notice at every theater stuck with it .
'' dangerous
The only thing worse than your substandard , run-of-the-mill Hollywood picture is an angst-ridden attempt to be profound .
The only way this supernatural snore-fest could give anyone a case of the frights is if they were put to sleep by the movie and had a nightmare .
The only way this supernatural snore-fest could give anyone a case of the frights
The only thing to fear about '' Fear Dot Com ''
The only thing that could possibly make them less interesting than they already are is for them to get full montied into a scrappy , jovial team .
The only thing worse than your substandard , run-of-the-mill Hollywood picture
The only thing to fear about '' Fear Dot Com '' is hitting your head on the theater seat in front of you when you doze off thirty minutes into the film .
The only way to tolerate this insipid , brutally clueless film might be with a large dose of painkillers .
The only way to tolerate this insipid , brutally clueless film
the way it fritters away its potentially interesting subject matter via a banal script ,
doing last year 's taxes
doing last year 's taxes with your ex-wife
doing dumb things
doing silly stuff
the worst of the Brosnan bunch
the worst of the entire franchise
another genre exercise ,
( The film 's ) taste for `` shock humor '' will wear thin on all but those weaned on the comedy of Tom Green and the Farrelly Brothers .
( The film 's ) taste for `` shock humor '' will wear thin on all but those weaned on the comedy of Tom Green and the Farrelly Brothers
( Tries ) to parody a genre that 's already a joke in the United States .
( Tries ) to parody
another movie which presumes that high school social groups are at war , let alone conscious of each other 's existence .
this startlingly unfunny comedy
this shoddy suspense thriller
you look at this and its like you 're going from one room to the next and none of them have any relation to the other
falls short of First Contact because the villain could n't pick the lint off Borg Queen Alice Krige 's cape ; and finishes half a parsec ( a nose ) ahead of Generations .
falls short of First Contact because the villain could n't pick the lint off Borg Queen Alice Krige 's cape ; and finishes half a parsec ( a nose ) ahead of Generations
anyone 's guess
you feel like a sucker
does n't have big screen magic
does n't have anything really interesting to say
does n't give you enough to feel good about .
does n't give you enough to feel good about
does n't generate a lot of energy .
does n't give us a reason to be in the theater beyond Wilde 's wit and the actors ' performances
stupid ? ''
Frustratingly , Dridi tells us nothing about El Gallo other than what emerges through his music .
stupid ? '' Um ... is n't that the basis for the entire plot
, pencil-thin story
stupid and pointless
stupid characters
Grainy photography
old porridge
void
the way it skirts around any scenes that might have required genuine acting from Ms . Spears
old quickly .
you may just end up trying to drown yourself in a lake afterwards .
mixes with lack of give-a-damn
really develops beyond attacking obvious target
Somewhat blurred ,
it 'll only put you to sleep .
issues '
than another platter of reheated Aliens
unwary viewers
of a movie that might have been titled ` The Loud and the Ludicrous '
of a patchwork in script and production
of a novel
its protagonist , after being an object of intense scrutiny for 104 minutes , remains a complete blank
its predictable plot and paper-thin supporting characters
the most unpleasant things
the most screwy thing here is how so many talented people were convinced to waste their time
the most unpleasant things the studio
cinematic sin
crafted but ultimately hollow mockumentary
the script is a dim-witted pairing of teen-speak and animal gibberish
the scuzzy
the script is a dim-witted pairing of teen-speak and animal gibberish .
the scuzzy underbelly of nyc 's drug scene
those who equate obscurity with profundity
the scuzzy underbelly
crafted but ultimately hollow mockumentary .
turns loyal and deceitful , responsible and reckless , idealistically selfless and coldly self-interested
the movie were less simplistic , obvious , clumsily plotted and shallowly characterized . But
collapses when Mr. Taylor tries to shift the tone to a thriller 's rush
collapses when Mr. Taylor tries to shift the tone to a thriller 's rush .
the movie were less simplistic , obvious , clumsily plotted and shallowly characterized .
bargain-basement photography and hackneyed romance
bargain-basement photography and
based in insipid vulgarity
based in insipid vulgarity .
hostile
stealing harvard aspires to comedic grand larceny but stands convicted of nothing more than petty theft of your time
stealing harvard aspires to comedic grand larceny but stands convicted of nothing
than bad martial arts movies are all by themselves , without all Oedekerk 's impish augmentation
stealing harvard aspires to comedic grand larceny
the way it exploits the hot-button issue of domestic abuse for cheap
insane
ultimately unsatisfying
ultimately you 'll leave the theater wondering why these people mattered
ultimately undo him
ultimately pointless
ultimately proves tiresome , with the surface histrionics failing to compensate for the paper-thin characterizations and facile situations .
's How to Kill Your Neighbor 's Dog is slight but unendurable .
's How to Kill Your Neighbor 's Dog is slight but unendurable
, wildly gruesome
tired of going where no man has gone before
tiresome ugliness
in today 's cinema du sarcasm
it does n't give a damn
As unseemly
make fun of these curious owners of architectural oddities .
tosses around sex toys and offers
tosses around sex toys and offers half-hearted paeans to empowerment
to bother pleasuring its audience
toss them at the screen
are framed in a drama so clumsy
think of it as American Pie On Valium
think of band camp as a geeky or nerdy thing
is corny in a way that bespeaks an expiration date passed a long time ago .
even a story immersed in love , lust , and sin could n't keep my attention
even a hint of joy , preferring to focus on the humiliation of Martin as he defecates in bed and urinates on the plants at his own birthday party
Will probably be one of those movies barely registering a blip on the radar screen of 2002 .
Williams ' usual tear and a smile , just sneers and bile
premise , mopes through a dreary tract of virtually plotless meanderings and then ends with a whimper .
Tom Hanks was just an ordinary big-screen star
drug therapy
drum up
more slowly
more repulsive
chilly , remote , emotionally distant piece
chilly , clinical lab report
children smiling for the camera than typical documentary footage which hurts the overall impact of the film
children behave like adults and everyone
the superficial tensions of the dynamic he 's dissecting
the superficially written characters ramble
the substance it so desperately needs
the sum of its pretensions
the superficial tensions
unchecked heartache
to diminishing effect . The characters never change
except to show fisticuffs in this sort of stop-go slow motion that makes the gang rumbles look like they 're being streamed
to discern if this is a crazy work of disturbed genius or merely 90 minutes of post-adolescent Electra rebellion
refuse to admit that they do n't like it
refers incessantly to old movies , when you could just rent those movies instead , let alone seek out a respectable new one
reflects the worst of their shallow styles
referred to in the title , many can aspire but none can equal
ends up being even dumber than its title .
ends up being surprisingly dull
ends up being even dumber than its title
exceedingly dull
ends up festooning U . S . art house screens for no reason other than the fact that it 's in French ( well , mostly ) with English subtitles
it 's still tainted by cliches , painful improbability and murky points .
it 's still not a good movie
it 's so poorly made , on all levels , that it does n't even qualify as a spoof of such
it 's something else altogether -- clownish and offensive and nothing at all like real life
any John Waters movie has it beat by a country mile .
any Scorsese
a hell
a heavy stench of ` been there , done that ' hanging over the film
a heavy stench
all too literally
Nothing but one relentlessly depressing situation after another for its entire running time , something that you could easily be dealing with right now in your lives .
Nothing here seems as funny as it did in Analyze This , not even Joe Viterelli as De Niro 's right-hand goombah .
Nothing but one relentlessly depressing situation after another for its entire running time
Nothing but one relentlessly depressing situation after another for its entire running time ,
Nothing but one relentlessly depressing situation after another for its entire running time , something that you could easily be dealing with right now in your lives
Memorable for a peculiar malaise that renders its tension flaccid and
Memorable for a peculiar malaise that renders its tension flaccid
Memorable for a peculiar malaise that renders its tension flaccid and , by extension , its surprises limp and its resolutions ritual
Memorable for a peculiar malaise that renders its tension flaccid and , by extension , its surprises limp and
Memorable for a peculiar malaise that renders its tension flaccid and , by extension , its surprises limp
Memorable for a peculiar malaise that renders its tension flaccid and ,
Memorable for a peculiar malaise that renders its tension flaccid and , by extension , its surprises limp and its resolutions ritual .
this rude and crude film
the stereotypical
these were more repulsive than the first 30 or 40 minutes
they 'll be too busy cursing the film 's strategically placed white sheets .
they also demonstrate how desperate the makers of this ` we 're - doing-it-for - the-cash ' sequel were .
after being snared in its own tangled plot
All that 's missing is the spontaneity , originality and delight .
was hard for me
this movie just goes on and on and on and on
brought me uncomfortably close to losing my lunch
where it 's on slippery footing
TV cop show cliches
entangled interrelationships
while it can be a bit repetitive
does n't bode well for the rest of it
does n't clue you in that something 's horribly wrong , nothing will
does n't come much lower .
does n't do a load of good
does n't do much with its template , despite a remarkably strong cast
does n't do much with its template , despite a remarkably strong cast .
does n't end up being very inspiring or insightful
does n't end up being very inspiring or insightful .
of the movie is playing the obvious game
of the most poorly staged and lit action in memory
of the most unpleasant things the studio
of the obvious cliches
fixating on its body humour and reinforcement of stereotypes
look elsewhere
drenched in swoony music and fever-pitched melodrama
ambivalence and ambiguity
the most ordinary and obvious fashion
had so much fun dissing the film that they did n't mind the ticket cost . In this case zero
had since '' Ca n't Stop The Music . '' It may as well be called '' Jar-Jar Binks : The Movie . '' It 's that painful
had no obvious directing involved
had no obvious directing
rent `` Shakes The Clown '' , a much funnier film with a similar theme and an equally great Robin Williams performance
is why I have given it a one-star rating
is why I have given it a one-star rating .
is why film criticism can be considered work
is why film criticism can be considered work .
is what comes from taking John Carpenter 's Ghosts of Mars and eliminating the beheadings . In other words , about as bad a film you 're likely to see all year
is what comes from taking John Carpenter 's Ghosts of Mars and eliminating the beheadings . In other words , about as bad a film you 're likely to see all year .
is whether these ambitions , laudable in themselves , justify a theatrical simulation of the death camp of Auschwitz II-Birkenau
is wholly unconvincing
A film neither bitter nor sweet , neither romantic nor comedic , neither warm nor fuzzy
is without doubt an artist of uncompromising vision , but that vision is beginning to feel ,
thrown into a pot of boiling water
to insult the intelligence of everyone in the audience
someone made off with your wallet
were , what '' they '' looked like . Why '' they '' were here and what '' they '' wanted and quite honestly , I did n't care
lots of boring talking heads , etc .
lot to be desired
lot to ask people to sit still for two hours and change watching such a character , especially when rendered in as flat and impassive a manner as Phoenix 's
lots of sloppiness
its scrapbook of oddballs
its script , which nurses plot holes gaping enough to pilot an entire Olympic swim team through
its seemingly eternal running time to pique your interest , your imagination , your empathy or anything , really , save your disgust and your indifference
a bit too enigmatic and
a bit too enigmatic
a bit too enigmatic and overly ambitious to be fully successful
a blown-out vein
a bow-wow
the manner of the storytelling , which undercuts the devastatingly telling impact of utter loss personified in the film 's simple title
into overkill
creeped
B.S.
, often awkwardly directed and suffers from the addition of a wholly unnecessary pre-credit sequence designed to give some of the characters a ` back story
, obnoxious
, obnoxious 88-minute infomercial
, numbing action sequence made up mostly of routine stuff Yuen has given us before .
, of course , barely begins to describe the plot and its complications . Vulgar is too optimistic a title .
, offensive and redundant
, obvious , preposterous , the movie will likely set the cause of woman warriors back decades .
, of course , barely begins to describe the plot and its complications .
B picture , and
too mainstream
overflowing septic tank
overexposed waste
overlong documentary
overinflated mythology
overinflated
overlong documentary about ` The Lifestyle .
this loose collection of largely improvised numbers would probably have worked better as a one-hour TV documentary .
sorry use of Aaliyah in her one
sorry use of Aaliyah in her one and
listless , witless ,
begins to vaporize from your memory minutes after it ends
4Ever has the same sledgehammer appeal as Pokemon videos , but it breathes more on the big screen and induces headaches more slowly
behaving like an idiot
the Jewish Nazi
It 's like watching a nightmare made flesh .
throwaway one-liners , not-quite jokes , and
for a fairly inexperienced filmmaker
be really dumb
for a good while . Before it collapses into exactly the kind of buddy cop comedy it set out to lampoon , anyway
that is where Ararat went astray .
that is so insanely stupid , so awful in so many ways that watching it leaves you giddy
that is slow to those of us in middle age
festooning U . S . art house screens for no reason other than the fact
festooning U . S . art house screens for no reason other than the fact that it 's in French ( well , mostly ) with English subtitles
fetid underbelly
Audiences are advised to sit near the back and squint to avoid noticing some truly egregious lip-non-synching
simply too discouraging to let slide
A boring , pretentious muddle that uses a sensational , real-life 19th-Century crime as a metaphor for -- well , I 'm not exactly sure what -- and has all the dramatic weight of a raindrop .
I ca n't say that I liked Homeboy ;
I ca n't say that I liked Homeboy
I ca n't say that I liked Homeboy ; it 'd be more accurate to say that I found it intriguing , bizarre , Dogma-like in spots - and quite truthful , in its way
a bunch of Allied soldiers went undercover as women in a German factory during World War II ? Um , no .
the thinness of its characterizations
leukemia
it could have been a hoot in a bad-movie way if the laborious pacing and endless exposition had been tightened
it contains almost enough chuckles for a three-minute sketch , and no more .
it completely contradicts everything Kieslowski 's work aspired to , including the condition of art
it covers just about every cliche in the compendium about crass , jaded movie types and the phony baloney movie biz .
it could never really have happened this way
without thrills and a mystery
without the dark spookiness of crystal lake camp , the horror concept completely loses its creepy menace .
passes for sex in the movies look like cheap hysterics
an enemy
an enemy to his own race
see a flick about telemarketers
lousy
see coming a mile away
lots of ham , lots of cheese , with a sickly sweet coating to disguise its excrescence until just after ( or during ) consumption of its second half
a complete waste
a complete shambles
thrown at actors charged with the impossible task of making them jell
a complete shambles of a movie so sloppy , so uneven , so damn unpleasant that I ca n't believe any viewer , young or old ,
lost in the translation
be completely forgotten
of the film 's problems
produces nearly as much lead as gold .
produces nearly as much lead as gold
profane and exploitative as the most offensive action flick you 've ever seen .
profane and exploitative as the most offensive action
profane and exploitative
mirthless todd solondzian
himself a task he is not nearly up to
highly annoying
threadbare comic setups
, not even Ms. Redgrave 's noblest efforts can redeem it from hopeless sentimentality .
, not-nearly - as-nasty - as-it
, no , we get another scene , and then another .
contradictory things
For all its alleged youthful fire , XXX is no less subservient to Bond 's tired formula of guns , girls and gadgets while brandishing a new action hero .
For all its impressive craftsmanship , and despite an overbearing series of third-act crescendos , Lily Chou-Chou never really builds up a head of emotional steam .
this movie brainless
rendered in as flat
poorly structured
poorly-constructed comedy
poor remake
poorly executed comedy .
poorly rejigger Fatal Attraction into a high school setting
minus those daytime programs ' slickness and sophistication ( and who knew they even had any ? )
mired in convoluted melodrama
mired in juvenile and near-xenophobic pedagogy
's a movie that ends with Truckzilla , for cryin ' out loud
contorting itself into an idea of expectation
's a lousy one at that .
went astray
Even the hastily and amateurishly
takes nearly three hours to unspool
taken this mothball-y stuff and
Call me a wimp
the horror
's been done before
Sits
shameful
's being conned right up to the finale
shame Americans ,
shame Americans
there 's no indication that he 's been responsible for putting together any movies of particular value or merit
squalor
Frankly , it 's pretty stupid .
Fred Schepisi 's film is paced at a speed that is slow to those of us in middle age and deathly slow to any teen .
serviceable at worst
TV sitcom material
Kapur gives us episodic choppiness , undermining the story 's emotional thrust .
K-19 may not hold a lot of water as a submarine epic , but it holds even less when it turns into an elegiacally soggy Saving Private Ryanovich
K-19 may not hold a lot of water as a submarine epic , but it holds even less when it turns into an elegiacally soggy Saving Private Ryanovich .
, sloppy , over-the-top ,
, slapdash disaster . A DOA dud from frame one .
, should scare any sane person away .
, should n't have been made
, she is merely a charmless witch .
, singing and finger snapping it might have held my attention , but as it stands I kept looking for the last exit from Brooklyn .
, simple-minded and stereotypical
, silly and monotonous
cheap-looking
cheap-looking monsters
Soulless and -- even more damning --
barf
barely shocking , barely interesting and most of all , barely anything
barely shocking , barely interesting and most of all , barely
bargain-basement special
bargain-basement
barn-burningly bad movie
barn-burningly
it 's not that funny -- which is just generally insulting .
it 's kinda dumb .
it 's not quite the genre-busting film it 's been hyped to be because it plays everything too safe .
it 's not a total loss .
Nelson 's brutally unsentimental approach ... sucks the humanity from the film , leaving behind an horrific but weirdly unemotional spectacle .
Nelson 's brutally unsentimental approach
Neither funny nor suspenseful nor particularly well-drawn .
Neither funny nor suspenseful nor particularly well-drawn
Neither funny nor suspenseful nor
Needless to say , the dramatics that follow are utter hooey .
Needless to say
Needless
A lack of thesis
A humorless
A humorless journey into a philosophical void .
It 's better suited for the history or biography channel ,
It 's clear why Deuces Wild , which was shot two years ago , has been gathering dust on MGM 's shelf .
It 's better suited for the history or biography channel , but there 's no arguing the tone of the movie - it leaves a bad taste in your mouth and questions on your mind .
punishable by chainsaw
punitive minutes
For every cheesy scene
friggin ' christmas
fright
Appropriately cynical social commentary aside ,
Appropriately cynical social commentary aside , # 9 never quite ignites .
'' Men in Black II , '' has all the earmarks of a sequel . The story is less vibrant , the jokes are a little lukewarm , but will anyone really care ?
'' Extreme Ops '' was obviously made for the '' XXX '' crowd , people who enjoy mindless action without the benefit of decent acting , writing , and direction .
'' Bad '' is the operative word for '' Bad Company , '' and I do n't mean that in a good way .
'' Analyze That '' is one of those crass , contrived sequels that not only fails on its own , but makes you second-guess your affection for the original .
' will appeal to No One
' this schlock-filled fairy tale hits new depths of unoriginality and predictability .
an ugly knot tightening in your stomach . but is that knot from dramatic tension or a symptom of artistic malnutrition
an ugly knot tightening
an ugly
an ugly knot
ideas that are too complex to be rapidly absorbed
the shackles of its own clichés
the shameless self-caricature
the bad guys
the second half of the movie really goes downhill .
the screenplay by Billy Ray and Terry George leaves something to be desired .
the script assumes that not only would subtlety be lost on the target audience , but that it 's also too stupid to realize that they 've already seen this exact same movie a hundred times
the scripters do n't deserve any Oscars
it veered off too far into the Exxon zone , and left me behind at the station looking for a return ticket to realism
intolerable company
A literary detective story is still a detective story
the way it fritters away its potentially interesting subject matter via a banal script , unimpressive acting and indifferent direction
Mr. Goyer 's loose , unaccountable direction
is about as humorous as watching your favorite pet get buried alive
is about as humorous as watching your favorite pet get buried alive .
is about as necessary as a hole in the head
is about the worst thing Chan has done in the United States
is about the worst thing Chan has done in the United States .
is absolutely and completely ridiculous
julie davis is the kathie lee gifford of film directors , sadly proving once again ego does n't always go hand in hand with talent
Mr. Goyer 's loose , unaccountable direction is technically sophisticated in the worst way .
lacks focus
lackluster thriller `` New Best Friend ''
lack contrast , are murky and are frequently too dark to be decipherable .
labours as storytelling .
lacked any
lack their idol 's energy and passion for detail .
and ( too ) short
only for the film 's publicists or for people who take as many drugs as the film 's characters
While not for every taste
While some will object to the idea of a Vietnam picture with such a rah-rah , patriotic tone , Soldiers ultimately achieves its main strategic objective : dramatizing the human cost of the conflict that came to define a generation .
While the film is not entirely successful
too becomes off-putting
too bad nothing else is
only half-an-hour long or
the way it fritters away its potentially interesting subject matter via a banal script
Mr. Hartley 's distended pace and foot-dragging rhythms
one more collection of penis , breast and flatulence
one more collection of penis , breast and flatulence gags in search of a story .
one of my least favourite emotions , especially when I have to put up with 146 minutes of it
wait for pay per view or rental
virtually plotless
bullets . Some of the characters die and others do n't , and the film pretends that those living have learned some sort of lesson
built entirely from musty memories of half-dimensional characters .
built for controversy .
a subtlety that makes the silly , over-the-top coda especially disappointing
a stuttering script
stops shy of overkill ,
rough-hewn vanity project
not the least of which is Rebecca Romijn-Stamos
not the Craven of ' A Nightmare
not terribly funny
Instead of accurately accounting a terrible true story , the film 's more determined to become the next Texas Chainsaw Massacre . But what about the countless other people who 'd merely like to watch a solid tale about a universally interesting soul ?
sucks , but
sucks , but has a funny moment or two .
sucks , but has a funny moment or two
suck up
sucked dry the undead action flick formula
suffered through the horrible pains of a death by cancer
suffered through the horrible pains of a death
Instead of making his own style , director Marcus Adams just copies from various sources -- good sources , bad mixture
thoughtlessly assembled
watching the spectacle of a promising young lad treading desperately in a nasty sea , shed an errant tear
, you have to gloss over the no sense ending .
, you begin to wonder if they are ever going to depart .
, you do n't want to be worrying about whether the ineffectual Broomfield is going to have the courage to knock on that door .
, you could restage the whole thing in your bathtub .
should never appear together on a marquee , especially when the payoff is an unschooled comedy like Stealing Harvard , which fails to keep 80 minutes from seeming like 800
should n't have been made
should n't the reality seem at least passably real
gives you an idea just how bad it was
giving a damn
gives them a bad odor
gives us episodic choppiness , undermining the story 's emotional thrust
giving a damn about
pathetic exploitation film
gets us too drunk on the party favors to sober us up with the transparent attempts at moralizing .
gets violently gang-raped
gets the impression the creators of Do n't Ask Do n't Tell laughed a hell of a lot at their own jokes .
gets tiresome
gets us too drunk on the party favors to sober us up with the transparent attempts at moralizing
gets sillier , not scarier
gets sillier , not scarier ,
gets sillier , not scarier , as it goes along
the same way you came -- a few tasty morsels under your belt , but no new friends
that 's when you 're in the most trouble
A grim , flat and boring werewolf movie that refuses to develop an energy level
A grim , flat and boring werewolf movie that refuses to develop an energy level .
at its utterly misplaced earnestness
A great ending does n't make up for a weak movie , and Crazy as Hell does n't even have a great ending .
A great ensemble cast ca n't lift this heartfelt enterprise out of the familiar .
poorly thought-out and substance-free
poor judgment
poor one
imagine that a new software program spit out the screenplay
imagine the process that produced such a script , but here 's guessing that spray cheese and underarm noises played a crucial role
imagine the life of Harry Potter as a martial arts adventure told by a lobotomized Woody Allen
imagine Benigni 's Pinocchio becoming a Christmas perennial . Coal is n't as easy to come by as it used to be
imagine one thing worse than Kevin Spacey trying on an Irish accent
as a work of fiction inspired by real-life events . Those seeking a definitive account of Eisenstein 's life would do better elsewhere
struggles
actors to draw out the menace of its sparse dialogue
The unceasing sadism is so graphically excessive , the director just ends up exposing his own obsession .
The unceasing sadism is so graphically excessive
The two leads are almost good enough to camouflage the dopey plot , but so much naturalistic small talk , delivered in almost muffled exchanges , eventually has a lulling effect
The unceasing sadism
The two leads are almost good enough to camouflage the dopey plot , but so much naturalistic small talk , delivered in almost muffled exchanges , eventually has a lulling effect .
This harrowing journey into combat hell
This heist flick about young Brooklyn hoods is off the shelf after two years to capitalize on the popularity of Vin Diesel , Seth Green and Barry Pepper . It should have stayed there .
there is no foundation for it
Not a cozy or ingratiating work
Not as distinctive
Not as distinctive or even as
Not as distinctive or even as humorous
Not as distinctive or even as humorous as its needs
Not as distinctive or even as humorous as its needs to be to stand out
movie brainless
movie dawdle
movie excess while remaining heartless
as with most late-night bull sessions , eventually the content is n't nearly as captivating as the rowdy participants think it is
as with most late-night bull sessions , eventually the content is n't nearly as captivating as the rowdy participants think it is .
tear-stained
plastered with one Hollywood cliche after another , most of which involve precocious kids getting the better of obnoxious adults
religious bigotry
relocation camps
relying on technology-of-the-moment technique or pretentious dialogue
about 25 minutes of decent material
the same kind of haughtiness in its own sketchy material
vertigo and opacity
Middle East
Michele 's spiritual quest is neither amusing nor dramatic enough to sustain interest
has this sneaky feel to it -- as if the director is trying to dupe the viewer into taking it all as Very Important simply because the movie is ugly to look at and not a Hollywood product
has thrown every suspenseful cliché in the book at this nonsensical story
has this sneaky feel to it -- as if the director is trying to dupe the viewer into taking it all as Very Important simply because the movie is ugly to look at and not a Hollywood product .
has thrown every suspenseful cliché in the book at this nonsensical story .
has to recite bland police procedural details , Fiennes wanders around in an attempt to seem weird and distanced
has to recite bland police procedural details , Fiennes wanders around in an attempt
the same old
it does n't even seem like she tried .
Jaglom offers the none-too-original premise that everyone involved with moviemaking is a con artist and a liar .
James Bond for being a clichéd , doddering , misogynistic boy 's club
Some movies can get by without being funny simply by structuring the scenes as if they were jokes : a setup , delivery and payoff . Stealing Harvard ca n't even do that much . Each scene immediately succumbs to gravity and plummets to earth
Some movies were made for the big screen , some for the small screen
would recommend Big Bad Love only to Winger fans who have missed her since 1995 's Forget Paris
until it 's undone by the sogginess of its contemporary characters , and actors
Lucy 's a dull girl , that 's all .
Lucy Liu never comes together
unwary
there is not even half the interest
is trying to dupe the viewer into taking it all as Very Important simply because the movie is ugly to look at and not a Hollywood product
will probably disturb many who see it
will probably never achieve the popularity of My Big Fat Greek Wedding
to do with imagination than market research
rant
It 's hard to understand why anyone in his right mind would even think to make the attraction a movie . And
It 's hard to understand why anyone in his right mind would even think to make the attraction a movie .
It 's hard to pity the ` plain ' girl who becomes a ravishing waif after applying a smear of lip-gloss . Rather , pity anyone who sees this mishmash .
It 's hard to imagine that even very small children will be impressed by this tired retread .
no-frills docu-Dogma
no way original , or even all that memorable , but as downtown Saturday matinee brain candy
no way original , or even
is interested in nothing
is interesting but constantly unfulfilling .
is interesting but constantly unfulfilling
Anne Geddes , John Grisham , and Thomas Kincaid
leave the building
impostor deviously
fewer laughs
labored and unfunny
labors
labored
labours as storytelling
labors so hard to whip life into The Importance of Being Earnest that he probably pulled a muscle or two
labors so hard to whip life into The Importance of Being Earnest that he probably pulled a muscle or two .
the movie looks genuinely pretty . Your nightmares , on the other hand , will be anything but . Not even Felinni would know what to make of this Italian freakshow
not great
not for a sentimental resolution that explains way more about Cal than does the movie or the character any good
kills it ,
kills the suspense
kills the suspense .
demonizes
damaged-goods people
damaged-goods
unaccountable direction is technically sophisticated in the worst way .
unamusing
damage
is atrocious
is at once luridly graphic and laughably unconvincing
is as lax and limp a comedy as I 've seen in a while , a meander through worn-out material .
is as innocuous as it is flavorless
is as generic as its title .
built on a faulty premise , one it follows into melodrama and silliness
bull
, no matter how you spell it , it 's still a mistake to go see it .
, neither the actors nor director Reginald Hudlin can make it more than fitfully entertaining .
in the tries-so-hard-to-be-cool `` Clockstoppers
own staggeringly unoriginal terms
own self-referential hot air
requires gargantuan leaps of faith just to watch it
to hate it
repulsive and
repulsive and depressing
but it is surely no classic , like the novel upon which it is based .
a failure
tragic )
winds up affirming the same damn moldy values the material has always held dear
winds up accomplishing neither in full , and leaves us feeling touched and amused by several moments and ideas , but nevertheless dissatisfied with the movie as a whole .
winds up looking like a bunch of talented thesps slumming it .
stereotyped characters
stench
blade-thin
blah
bland police procedural details
bland animated sequel
help overcome the problematic script .
help this movie one bit
Brosnan 's finest non-Bondish performance yet fails to overcome the film 's manipulative sentimentality and annoying stereotypes .
clean-cut Dahmer ( Jeremy Renner ) and fiendish acts that no amount of earnest textbook psychologizing can bridge .
guess a space station in the year 2455 can be crossed off the list of ideas for the inevitable future sequels ( hey , do n't shoot the messenger )
to live up to -- or offer any new insight into -- its chosen topic
too formulaic
formulaic and forgettable that it 's hardly over before it begins to fade from memory
formulaic and forgettable
humdrum life by some Freudian puppet
tinged with tragic undertones
times when the film 's reach exceeds its grasp
times when you wish that the movie had worked a little harder to conceal its contrivances
no less subservient to Bond 's tired formula of guns , girls and gadgets
no larger point
no interest in itself
no idea of it is serious
no insight
grows monotonous after a while , as do Joan and Philip 's repetitive arguments , schemes and treachery
but completely fails to gel together .
but a tedious picture
but a little too smugly superior
but a stumblebum of a movie
but a convenient conveyor belt of brooding personalities that parade about as if they were coming back from Stock Character camp -- a drowsy drama infatuated by its own pretentious self-examination
but a little too smugly
rips off The Sixth Sense
relatively scant 97 minutes
too evident
feeling repetitious
feel emotionally cheated by the film 's tart , sugar-free wit
there is plenty of room for editing , and a much shorter cut surely would have resulted in a smoother , more focused narrative without sacrificing any of the cultural intrigue .
Spit
Special without the courage of its convictions .
decrepit
decrepit freaks
deeply biased
deeply biased ,
deep-sixed by a compulsion
deepest recesses
deeply biased , and
deeply biased , and wholly
a question for philosophers , not filmmakers ;
, do we have that same option to slap her creators because they 're clueless and inept ?
, doddering , misogynistic boy
I suspect that you 'll be as bored watching Morvern Callar as the characters are in it .
, disjointed jumble of borrowed plot points and situations .
, disjointed mess
, director Roger Kumble seems to have dumped a whole lot of plot in favor of ... outrageous gags .
many documentaries like this presuppose religious bigotry or zealous nuttiness of its antagonists
make one pine for the day when Godard can no longer handle the rigors of filmmaking
artistic and muted , almost to the point of suffocation .
The filmmakers juggle and juxtapose three story lines but fail to come up with one cogent point , unless it 's that life stinks , especially for sensitive married women who really love other women .
The film tries too hard to be funny and tries too hard to be hip . The end result is a film that 's neither .
The film would work much better as a video installation in a museum , where viewers would be free to leave . Immediately .
With the exception of McCoist , the players do n't have a clue on the park . The acting is n't much better .
With the exception of McCoist , the players do n't have a clue on the park .
satire Lucky Break was aiming for , it certainly got lost in the '' soon-to-be-forgettable '' section of the quirky rip-off prison romp pile . It 's petty thievery like this that puts flimsy flicks like this behind bars
With its parade of almost perpetually wasted characters ... Margarita feels like a hazy high that takes too long to shake .
With its parade of almost perpetually wasted characters
With or without ballast tanks , K-19 sinks to a Harrison Ford low .
With the cheesiest monsters this side of a horror spoof , which They is n't , it is more likely to induce sleep than fright .
With the cheesiest monsters this side of a horror spoof , which They is n't
to proceed as the world implodes
a persecuted
daft
occasionally flawed ,
all its failed connections
This slow-moving Swedish film
This tale has been told and retold
This tale has been told and retold ;
positively dreadful
possess the lack-of-attention span
possess the lack-of-attention span that we did at seventeen
scummy ripoff
did I miss something ?
Holland lets things peter out midway , but
a slight , weightless fairy tale
did I miss something ? ''
that upsets the novel 's exquisite balance and shreds the fabric of the film
that ultimately dulls the human tragedy at the story 's core
that verges on the amateurish
story , character and comedy bits are too ragged to ever fit smoothly together
Offers very little genuine romance and even fewer laughs ... a sad sitcom of a movie , largely devoid of charm
Offers very little genuine romance and even fewer laughs ... a sad sitcom of a movie , largely devoid of charm .
Oh , it 's extreme , all right . Extremely dumb . Extremely confusing . Extremely boring .
Oft-described as the antidote to American Pie-type sex comedies , it actually has a bundle in common with them , as the film diffuses every opportunity for a breakthrough
Oh come on . Like you could n't smell this turkey rotting from miles away .
The Importance of Being Earnest movie seems to be missing a great deal of the acerbic repartee of the play . ''
The Master of Disguise is funny -- not
The Master of Disguise is awful .
toilet
toilet-humor codswallop
for that comes through all too painfully in the execution
While McFarlane 's animation lifts the film firmly above the level of other coming-of-age films ... it 's also so jarring that it 's hard to get back into the boys ' story .
While The Isle is both preposterous and thoroughly misogynistic
more fun watching a documentary
But for the most part , The Weight of Water comes off as a two-way time-switching myopic mystery that stalls in its lackluster gear of emotional blandness .
one of the most plain white toast comic book films
one of the most curiously depressing
But first , you have to give the audience a reason to want to put for that effort
slightly noxious
Broomfield 's style of journalism is hardly journalism at all ,
may find it uninteresting
may have made a great Saturday Night Live sketch , but a great movie it is not .
may have made a great Saturday Night Live sketch , but a great movie it is not
made for the tube
made by and for those folks who collect the serial killer cards and are fascinated by the mere suggestion of serial killers
made for the `` XXX '' crowd , people who enjoy mindless action without the benefit of decent acting , writing , and direction
mainstream audiences will find little of interest in this film , which is often preachy and poorly acted .
unsatisfying muddle
the kind of soft-core twaddle you 'd expect to see on Showtime 's ` Red Shoe Diaries
it 's hardly a necessary enterprise
it 's in danger of going wrong
, Derrida is all but useless
, I found myself struggling to put my finger on that elusive '' missing thing . ''
stunt-hungry dimwits
stupid to be satire , too obviously hateful to be classified otherwise
stupid Americans will get a kick out of goofy Brits with cute accents performing ages-old slapstick and unfunny tricks
stupid Americans
recommend anything but a rental for The Tuxedo
stupidest
stupider
unknowable
universal concerns
flaws Igby
flaws ,
flaws , but also
wheedling reluctant witnesses
awfully like one long tourist spot for a Mississippi that may never have existed outside of a scriptwriter 's imagination .
be taking a risk if you choose to see it
be her own worst enemy
horrifying
grab the old lady at the end of my aisle 's walker and toss it at the screen in frustration
would have been better than the fiction it has concocted
's an odd show , pregnant with moods , stillborn except as a harsh conceptual exercise
would have been just another bad movie .
would have been just another bad movie
so impersonal or even shallow
so impersonal or
so impersonal
so flabby
so inane
so in love with its overinflated mythology that it no longer recognizes the needs of moviegoers for real characters and compelling plots .
is a discreet moan of despair about entrapment in the maze of modern life .
most offensive
that were imposed for the sake of commercial sensibilities
and pulp melodrama
baggy , sprawling carnival
a little bit too conventional
a little lukewarm
a little off-kilter
whereas the extremely competent hitman films such as pulp fiction and get shorty resonate a sardonic verve to their caustic purpose for existing , who is cletis tout ? is an inexpressible and drab wannabe looking for that exact niche .
be excited that it has n't gone straight to video ?
of DeVito 's misanthropic vision
for followers of the whole dead-undead genre , who deserve more from a vampire pic than a few shrieky special effects
A cartoon ?
whiny , pathetic , starving and untalented artistes
A bland , obnoxious 88-minute
A bland , obnoxious 88-minute infomercial for Universal Studios and its ancillary products . . .
A battle between bug-eye theatre and dead-eye
A battle between bug-eye theatre and dead-eye matinee .
Van Wilder does n't bring anything new to the proverbial table , but
Velocity represents everything wrong with '' independent film '' as a commodified , sold-out concept on the American filmmaking scene .
of the horror film franchise that is apparently as invulnerable as its trademark villain
whine , the bellyaching of a paranoid and unlikable man
drag it down to mediocrity -- director Clare Peploe 's misunderstanding of Marivaux 's rhythms , and Mira Sorvino 's limitations as a classical actress
drag the movie
drag along
drag along the dead ( water ) weight of the other
drag as soon as the action speeds up
drag audience enthusiasm
drag it down to mediocrity
drag it down to mediocrity --
alienating most viewers
alienating most
free . I still want my money back
exploiting it yourself
exploiting
a bid to hold our attention
na
explains its characters ' decisions only unsatisfactorily
exploit the comic elements of the premise , making the proceedings more bizarre than actually amusing
exploitation piece
exploitation picture
The film 's plot may be shallow , but
The film 's plot may be shallow ,
Since when did dumb entertainment have to be this dumb
Sir Anthony Hopkins saying ` Get in the car , bitch , ' this Jerry Bruckheimer production has little else to offer
Sit through this one , and you wo n't need a magic watch to stop time
Sit through this one , and you wo n't need a magic watch to stop time ;
short of its aspiration to be a true ` epic '
The film 's only missteps
Oversexed , at times overwrought comedy\/drama that offers little insight into the experience of being forty , female and single .
Overly long and worshipful bio-doc .
Oversexed
Oversexed , at times
Oversexed , at times overwrought comedy\/drama
Oversexed , at times overwrought comedy\/drama that
downer than your end-of-year 401 ( k ) statement
downer than your end-of-year 401 ( k ) statement .
downhill as soon as macho action conventions assert themselves
downing
the rest are padding unashamedly appropriated from the teen-exploitation playbook
artistic befuddlement
things fall apart
drug dealers
drug dealers ,
ruins everything
rumblings
However it may please those who love movies that blare with pop songs , young science fiction fans will stomp away in disgust .
However it may please those who love movies that blare with pop songs
Howard and his co-stars all give committed performances , but they 're often undone by Howard 's self-conscious attempts to find a ` literary ' filmmaking style to match his subject .
Howard and his co-stars all give committed performances , but they 're often undone by Howard 's self-conscious attempts to find a ` literary ' filmmaking style to match his subject
short on plot
Howie
, assured of the wrong things , and scared to admit how much they may really need the company of others
, assuming that ... the air-conditioning in the theater is working properly .
and hood rats butt their ugly heads
on MGM 's shelf
, then the game is even more rigged than it was two centuries ago .
, they 're sandwiched in between the most impossibly dry account of Kahlo 's life imaginable .
, the whole of Safe Conduct is less than the sum of its parts .
you can with a stuttering script
you can tolerate Leon Barlow . I ca n't
you can be forgiven for realizing that you 've spent the past 20 minutes looking at your watch and waiting for Frida to just die already .
will be from unintentional giggles -- several of them .
It does n't quite work
It does n't quite deserve the gong ,
It does n't help that the director and cinematographer Stephen Kazmierski shoot on grungy video , giving the whole thing a dirty , tasteless feel .
It does n't quite work ,
has little wit and no surprises .
has little insight into the historical period and its artists
has little insight into the historical period and its artists ,
has little insight into the historical period and its artists , particularly in how Sand developed a notorious reputation
has little enthusiasm for such antique pulp
has little insight
is insipid
is in trouble
is in need of a scented bath .
us nothing new
uptight , middle class bores like Antonia
uptight , middle
's like going to a house party and watching the host defend himself against a frothing ex-girlfriend . You do n't want to call the cops .
ignore the fact that Hollywood is n't laughing with us , folks
if you have nothing better to do with 94 minutes
if you have no interest in the gang-infested
` Are we a sick society ? ' journalism
incoherent
incompetent ,
thing to do with these characters except have them run through dark tunnels , fight off various anonymous attackers , and evade elaborate surveillance technologies
incoherence
incoherence and
incoherence and sub-sophomoric
inchoate but already eldritch Christian Right propaganda machine
includes Battlefield Earth and Showgirls
low-budget , video-shot
low-budget movie
low-budget constraints
were here and what '' they '' wanted and quite honestly , I did n't care
Its mysteries are transparently obvious
in the way of a too-conscientious adaptation
works and qualifies as cool at times , but is just too lame to work or be cool at others
in the travails of creating a screenplay
Predecessors The Mummy and The Mummy Returns stand as intellectual masterpieces next to The Scorpion King .
of cliches that the talented cast generally
of clichés , depression and bad alternative music
of clams left in the broiling sun for a good three days
of cliches that shoplifts shamelessly from farewell-to-innocence movies like The Wanderers and A Bronx Tale without cribbing any of their intelligence
of children smiling for the camera than typical documentary footage which hurts the overall impact of the film
de entretenimiento puro y sin complejos
dead-end
dead-end experimentation
to be truly prurient
to be under the illusion that he 's shooting the latest System of a Down video
As lo-fi as the special effects are
Arnold Schwarzenegger
mass drug-induced bowel evacuations , and none-too-funny commentary on the cultural distinctions between Americans and Brits .
mass drug-induced bowel
masturbation jokes
home movie gone haywire
A film with a great premise but only a great premise
A film that should be relegated to a dark video store corner is somehow making its way instead to theaters . It 's hard to imagine acting that could be any flatter .
A film that should be relegated to a dark video store corner
A film that loses sight of its own story .
too much dancing
too many weeping
too commercial
too commercial since his two Oscar nominated films in 2000
that makes Fatal Attraction look like a classic by comparison
that life stinks
that lies in store for moviegoers lured to the mediocrity that is Kung Pow : Enter the Fist
that made me want to bolt the theater in the first 10 minutes
an out of place metaphor
foul
... hokey art house pretension .
as a video installation in a museum , where viewers would be free to leave .
oppressive
the `` big twists '' are pretty easy to guess
the `` XXX '' crowd , people who enjoy mindless action without the benefit of decent acting , writing , and direction
... does n't deserve the energy it takes to describe how bad it is .
is on full , irritating display in ( this ) meandering and pointless French coming-of-age import from writer-director Anne-Sophie Birot .
be cleverer , better written and
fails to lend the characters ' individual stories enough dramatic resonance to make us care about them
fails to lend the characters ' individual stories enough dramatic resonance to make us care about them .
fails the most basic relevancy test as well .
fails to generate much suspense
fails to hit the entertainment bull 's - eye
fails on its own , but
fails the most basic relevancy test
fails the most basic relevancy test as well
be as ill-starred as you might expect
weirded
be as ill-starred
it 's undone by the sogginess of its contemporary characters , and actors
be better off investing in the worthy EMI recording that serves as the soundtrack , or the home video of the 1992 Malfitano-Domingo production
it 's too long and too convoluted
be better as a diary or documentary
less successful
the butt of its own joke
, this does not really make the case the Kissinger should be tried as a war criminal .
will not be remembered long afterwards
the business of the greedy talent agents get in the way of saying something meaningful about facing death
this is a frustrating patchwork : an uneasy marriage of Louis Begley 's source novel ( About Schmidt ) and an old Payne screenplay .
unsurprising .
wish there had been more of the `` Queen '' and less of the `` Damned
limply between bizarre comedy and pallid horror
listen to extremist name-calling ,
listen to extremist name-calling
listen to extremist name-calling , regardless of whether you think kissinger was a calculating fiend or just a slippery self-promoter
tadpole is emblematic of the witless ageism afflicting films :
like such a bore
like the similarly ill-timed Antitrust
like shooting fish in a barrel
like stereotypical caretakers and moral teachers ,
all-over-the-map
all will be Greek to anyone not predisposed to the movie 's rude and crude humor .
all unfolds predictably
to have been modeled on the worst revenge-of-the-nerds clichés the filmmakers could dredge up
to have been picked not for their acting chops , but for their looks and appeal to the pre-teen crowd
to have cared much about any aspect of it , from its cheesy screenplay to the grayish quality of its lighting to its last-minute , haphazard theatrical release
to have forgotten everything he ever knew about generating suspense
to have gone into recruiting the right bands for the playlist and the costuming of the stars than into the script , which has a handful of smart jokes and not much else
the film , while it 's not completely wreaked
the film 's mid-to-low budget
the film 's manipulative sentimentality and annoying stereotypes
the film 's predictable denouement
the film 's mid-to-low budget is betrayed by the surprisingly shoddy makeup work .
The story plays out slowly ,
The story plays out slowly
The story suffers a severe case of oversimplification , superficiality and silliness .
druggy and self-indulgent
druggy and self-indulgent ,
druggy and self-indulgent , like a spring-break orgy for pretentious arts majors
dry , reliable textbook
Average , at best , I 'm afraid .
Avary 's failure to construct a story with even a trace of dramatic interest
a great disservice
By surrounding us with hyper-artificiality
butterflies that die
tortured ( and torturing ) artists and consuming but impossible love that you ca n't help but become more disappointed as each overwrought new sequence plods
gay s\/m fantasy
gave me plenty of time to ponder my Thanksgiving to-do list
gathering dust on MGM 's shelf
gathering dust
the suckers out there surrender $ 9 and 93 minutes of unrecoverable life
a pointless , meandering celebration
the suckers
a plot cobbled together from largely flat and uncreative moments
a plot that 's just too boring and obvious
a plot twist instead of trusting the material
the subgenre 's most enabling victim
What Jackson has done is proven that no amount of imagination , no creature , no fantasy story and no incredibly outlandish scenery
What an embarrassment .
What goes on for the 110 minutes of `` Panic Room ''
are terribly wasted .
are terribly wasted
Claude Chabrol has here a thriller without thrills , but
Claude Chabrol has here a thriller without thrills ,
, out of embarrassment or stupidity
seeking anyone with acting ambition but no sense of pride or shame
a battle of witlessness between a not-so-bright mother and daughter and an even less capable trio of criminals
the slasher genre has sunk
seeing former nymphette Juliette Lewis playing a salt-of-the-earth mommy named Minnie and watching Slim travel incognito in a ridiculous wig no respectable Halloween costume shop would ever try to sell
drama ,
drags during its 112-minute length
the desperation of a very insecure man
Drags along in a dazed and enervated , drenched-in-the - past numbness .
Dragonfly has no atmosphere , no tension -- nothing but Costner , flailing away . It 's a buggy drag .
Dragonfly has no atmosphere , no tension -- nothing but Costner , flailing away .
Drags
Dragonfly ' is a movie about a bus wreck that turns into a film wreck .
effort to watch
effort by Washington . It wo n't rock any boats
About as cutting-edge as Pet Rock : The Movie .
those decades-spanning historical epics that strives to be intimate and socially encompassing but fails to do justice to either effort in three hours of screen time
those films that requires the enemy to never shoot straight
those based-on-truth stories that persuades you , with every scene , that it could never really have happened this way
Abomination
About as cutting-edge as Pet Rock
About as cutting-edge as Pet Rock : The Movie
About as cutting-edge as Pet Rock :
A movie that harps on media-constructed ` issues '
A movie that harps on media-constructed ` issues ' like whether compromise is the death of self ... this Orgasm ( wo n't be an ) exceedingly memorable one for most people .
A movie that the less charitable might describe as a castrated
A movie that the less charitable might describe as a castrated cross between Highlander and Lolita .
A movie version of a paint-by-numbers picture .
A movie version of a paint-by-numbers picture
Stripped almost entirely of such tools as nudity , profanity and violence
Stripped almost entirely
Stripped almost entirely of such tools as nudity , profanity and violence , LaBute does manage to make a few points about modern man and his problematic quest for human connection .
preachy
( Less a movie than )
( Less a movie than ) an appalling , odoriferous thing ... so rotten in almost every single facet of production that you 'll want to crawl up your own \*\*\* in embarrassment .
almost Bergmanesque intensity
missing from it
missing a beat
mistake .
hard to get back into the boys ' story
drops you
droll whimsy
drivel
is little more than Home Alone raised to a new , self-deprecating level
abhorrent to you
filmmakers throw a few big-name actors and cameos at a hokey script
filmmaker Simon Wells would have more reverence for the material . But this costly dud is a far cry from either the book or the beloved film
became mad that I wasted 123 minutes and $ 9 .
make its characters idiots
make its characters idiots in order to advance the plot
luridly graphic and laughably unconvincing
luridly graphic and
lurches between not-very-funny comedy , unconvincing dramatics
lurches between not-very-funny comedy
you avoid the godzilla sized soda
he refuses to give us real situations and characters
he probably would n't be too crazy with his great-grandson 's movie splitting up in pretty much the same way .
he should be filling the screen with this tortured , dull artist and monster-in-the
more effective on stage . It 's not a motion picture
more disciplined grade-grubbers
The plot is so predictable and sentimental that viewers are likely to lose interest before Sandrine and
predictable enough to make The Sound of Music play like a nail-biting thriller
predictable plot contrivances
The plot is so predictable and sentimental that viewers are likely to lose interest before Sandrine
up as the kind of film that should be the target of something deeper and more engaging . Oh , and more entertaining , too .
up as the kind of film that should be the target of something deeper and more engaging . Oh , and more entertaining , too
The plot is very clever , but Boyd weighs it down with too many characters and events , all intertwined and far too complicated to keep track of
sucking you
sucked
sucking
sucks .
sucks . '
clearly evident poverty and hardship
terrible tragedy
its munchausen-by-proxy
its juxtaposition of overwrought existentialism and stomach-churning gore will have you forever on the verge of either cracking up or throwing up .
its lackluster gear
its lackluster
its lackluster gear of emotional blandness
of action and almost no substance
of adolescent violence
of admission ? Absolutely not . It sucked .
of admission ? Absolutely not . It sucked
would be me : fighting off the urge to doze
provided his own broadside
other times as bland as a block of snow
other than the very sluggish pace )
other sloppy
about in thick clouds of denial
skip
slapping its target audience
with the bad lighting that 's often written off as indie film naturalism
air ball
Taken outside the context of the current political climate ( see : terrorists are more evil than ever ! )
slapping its target audience in the face by shooting itself in the foot
aimlessly and unsuccessfully
aimlessly and
aimless hodgepodge
aims for the toilet and scores a direct hit .
aims for the toilet and scores a direct hit
aimlessly and unsuccessfully attempts to fuse at least three dull plots into one good one .
movie sputters
uninteresting , unlikeable people
it 's ho-hum all the way through
probably wo n't have you swinging from the trees hooting it 's praises
this 65-minute trifle
Goes Down
is likely to cause massive cardiac arrest if taken in large doses .
is like reading a research paper ,
is like reading a research paper , with special effects tossed in
is like reading a research paper
is likely to cause massive cardiac arrest if taken in large doses
uninteresting
care whether that cold-hearted snake Petrovich ( that would be Reno ) gets his comeuppance .
care for its decrepit freaks beyond the promise of a reprieve from their incessant whining
care what kind of sewage they shovel into their mental gullets to simulate sustenance
grumbling
the curse of a self-hatred instilled
Although Olivier Assayas ' elegantly appointed period drama seems , at times , padded with incident in the way of a too-conscientious adaptation
though clearly well-intentioned , this cross-cultural soap opera
though clearly well-intentioned , this cross-cultural soap opera is painfully formulaic and stilted
though impostor deviously adopts the guise of a modern motion picture ,
though impostor deviously adopts the guise of a modern motion picture , it too is a bomb
knock-offs
kooky yet shadowy
every bad idea that 's ever gone into an after-school special compiled in one place , minus those daytime programs ' slickness and sophistication ( and who knew they even had any ? )
every bad idea
Another one of those estrogen
with outrageous tendencies
on stage . It 's not a motion picture
hard to achieve this little fun
with a script that prevents them from firing on all cylinders
people on the economic fringes of Margaret Thatcher 's ruinous legacy
hard to be emotional
own head-banging obviousness
the preposterous hairpiece worn by lai 's villainous father to the endless action sequences
the preposterous hairpiece
hard to be funny
reluctant
hard to be hip . The end result is a film that 's neither
relies a bit too heavily on grandstanding , emotional , Rocky-like moments
It 's still a comic book ,
Celebrity cameos do not automatically equal laughs .
Celebrity cameos do not automatically equal laughs
old gags
old .
old age and grief
to little more than a screenful of gamesmanship that 's low on both suspense and payoff
to listen to extremist name-calling , regardless of whether you think Kissinger was a calculating fiend or just a slippery self-promoter
to lift ( this ) thrill-kill cat-and-mouser ... above its paint-by-numbers plot
to lessen the overall impact the movie could have had
When ( De Palma 's ) bad , he 's really bad , and Femme Fatale ranks with the worst
When ( De Palma 's ) bad , he 's really bad , and Femme Fatale ranks with the worst he has done .
When a film is created SOLELY because it 's a marketable product , soulless and ugly movies like this are the result . Let your silly childhood nostalgia slumber unmolested .
When a film is created SOLELY because it 's a marketable product
pretentious nonsense , lavishly praised by those who equate obscurity with profundity
pretentious nonsense ,
When a set of pre-shooting guidelines a director came up with for his actors turns out to be cleverer , better written and of considerable more interest than the finished film , that 's a bad sign . A very bad sign .
pretentious mess
pretentious and as impenetrable as Morvern 's thick , working-class Scottish accent .
pretentious and as impenetrable as Morvern
pretentious , meaningless prattle
desperate for work and food
Gangs of New York is an unapologetic mess , whose only saving grace is that it ends by blowing just about everything up .
Gee , a second assassin shot Kennedy ? Moot point .
you blow up small potatoes to 10 times their natural size
the audience is forced to endure three terminally depressed , mostly inarticulate , hyper dysfunctional families for the price of one .
that wastes the talents of its attractive young leads
more problematic aspects
the movie 's sophomoric blend of shenanigans and slapstick
the movie 's wildly careening tone
more of an ordeal than an amusement
're rooting for the film to hurry up and get to its subjects ' deaths just so the documentary will be over
glitches casual fans could correct in their sleep
glitches
the movie around them is so often nearly nothing that their charm does n't do a load of good
the film 's supposed insights are so poorly thought-out and substance-free that even a high school senior taking his or her first psychology class could dismiss them
It 's neither as romantic nor as thrilling as it should be .
It 's often infuriatingly glib and posturing
Bedroom
personified in the film 's simple title
a bland murder-on-campus
a bland
` How can you charge money for this ? '
a bloated
a bolly-holly masala mess
totally unnecessary prologue
can out-bad-act the other
can only assume that the jury who bestowed star Hoffman 's brother Gordy with the Waldo Salt Screenwriting award at 2002 's Sundance Festival were honoring an attempt to do something different over actually pulling it off
can obscure this movie 's lack of ideas .
can obscure this movie 's lack of ideas
can not be revived .
can not be revived
, should have been a lot nastier
total loss
its dumbness
coldly self-interested
coldly
across as shallow and glib though
across as shallow and glib though not mean-spirited
act weird
, it 's kinda dumb . And second , what 's with all the shooting ?
, it 's just not scary
, it 's full of throwaway one-liners , not-quite jokes , and a determined TV amiability that Allen personifies .
, it 's extreme , all right . Extremely dumb . Extremely confusing . Extremely boring .
, it 's disastrous
, it 's clear that All About the Benjamins is a totally formulaic movie .
, it 's churning ground that has long passed the point of being fertile
, it 's also uninspired , lacking the real talent and wit to elevate it beyond its formula to the level of classic romantic comedy to which it aspires .
, it 's also rarely coherent .
be so stupid
be smarter than any 50 other filmmakers still
be seen everywhere
be sealed in a jar and left on a remote shelf indefinitely
never want to see another car chase , explosion or gunfight again
schticky
being as cloying or preachy as equivalent evangelical Christian movies
An awful snooze .
An EXIT sign , that is .
An already thin story boils down to surviving invaders seeking an existent anti-virus .
you have nothing better to do with 94 minutes
you have no interest in the gang-infested
you have left the theatre
you just do n't care whether that cold-hearted snake Petrovich ( that would be Reno ) gets his comeuppance .
of pain
of overkill
am not generally a huge fan of cartoons derived from TV shows
amateurish
am more offended by his lack of faith in his audience than by anything on display
am more offended by his lack of faith in his audience than by anything on display here
those in the know about rubbo 's dumbed-down tactics
those films that started with a great premise and then just fell apart
thoroughly dull
Like the Tuck family themselves , this movie just goes on and on and on and on
Like most of Jaglom 's films , some of it is honestly affecting , but more of it seems contrived and secondhand .
Like most of Jaglom 's films , some of it is honestly affecting , but more of it seems contrived and secondhand
those unforgettably uncertain
of those crass
morbid one
more and more frustrating
more appetizing than a side dish of asparagus
money why this distinguished actor would stoop so low
morality and the choices we make underneath such a mountain of clichés and borrowed images
What you would end up with if you took Orwell , Bradbury , Kafka , George Lucas and the Wachowski Brothers and threw them into a blender . But that 's just the problem with it - the director has n't added enough of his own ingredients .
of those movies where you walk out of the theater not feeling
What you get with Empire is a movie you 've seen many times before , repackaged as new material because there is a Latino in the lead .
secondary
goes out of its way to introduce obstacles for him to stumble over
goes straight to video
goes straight to video -- with a lousy script , inept direction , pathetic acting , poorly dubbed dialogue and murky cinematography
going for it other than its exploitive array of obligatory cheap
going through the motions
All About the Benjamins evokes the bottom tier of blaxploitation flicks from the 1970s .
that takes nearly three hours to unspool
just plain awful but
just plain awful
it is impossible to find the film anything but appalling , shamelessly manipulative and contrived , and totally lacking in conviction
it is hard to tell who is chasing who or why
this strangely schizo cartoon seems suited neither to kids or adults .
this strenuously unconventional movie
emotionally bruised characters who add up to more than body count
emotionally bruised
emotionally bruised characters
an ` e ' for effort -- and a ` b ' for boring
an absurdly
an absurdly overblown
an absurdly overblown climax
Friday After Next has the same problem that Next Friday did --
jump ship in January
because so many of us keep going and then , out of embarrassment or stupidity
From Elysian Fields is a cold , bliss-less work that groans along thinking itself some important comment on how life throws us some beguiling curves .
pop junk
the old MIB label stands for Milder Is n't Better .
Friday After Next is the kind of film that could only be made by African-Americans because of its broad racial insensitivity towards African-Americans .
Not for everyone
made me want to scream
made indieflick in need of some trims and a more chemistry between its stars
only is entry number twenty the worst of the Brosnan bunch
only seems to care about the bottom line
that something so short could be so flabby
that special annex of hell
clichés
destroy
destroy , blood ties
destroy is also a creative urge
destruction
hit-to-miss
hit the skids
Green might want to hang onto that ski mask , as robbery may be the only way to pay for his next project .
Green 's half-hearted movie career
technical flaws to get in the way
technical flaws
tearing ` orphans ' from their mothers
tearing ` orphans
hokum .
hitting all of its assigned marks to take on any life of its own
ho-hum affair
rare to see a movie that takes such a speedy swan dive from `` promising '' to `` interesting '' to `` familiar '' before landing squarely on `` stupid ''
rap stars and hood rats butt their ugly heads in a regurgitation of cinematic violence that gives brutal birth to an unlikely , but likable , hero . '
ratchets up the stirring soundtrack , throws in a fish-out-of-water gag and lets the cliched dialogue rip
rarely dampens her diva persona enough to spark genuine chemistry with Townsend .
seduced . If you do n't laugh , flee
actors charged with the impossible task of making them jell
actors in bad bear suits
actors in bad bear suits enact a sort of inter-species parody of a VH1 Behind the Music episode
she does little here but point at things that explode into flame
forced to follow
forced avuncular chortles
forcing us to endure every plot contrivance that the cliché-riddled genre can offer
forcing
this is standard crime drama fare ... instantly forgettable and thoroughly dull .
stands , despite its noticeable lack of emotional heft ,
this is standard crime drama fare ... instantly forgettable and thoroughly dull
so desperate for attention it nearly breaks its little neck trying to perform entertaining tricks
offers little beyond the momentary joys of pretty and weightless intellectual entertainment
offers little beyond the momentary joys of pretty and weightless intellectual entertainment .
offers few surprises
offers few surprises and finds its stars slumming in territory
offers little
seen some bad singer-turned actors
moving along
'' Looking For Leonard '' just seems to kinda sit in neutral , hoping for a stiff wind to blow it uphill or something .
Their computer-animated faces
The weakest of the four Harry Potter books
The weakest
a choke leash
a children 's party clown gets violently gang-raped
a children 's party clown
a choke leash around your neck so director Nick Cassavetes
She may not be real
these shenanigans exhausting
these wane to an inconsistent and ultimately unsatisfying drizzle
overcooked , ham-fisted direction
overemphatic
ought to be a whole lot scarier than they are in this tepid genre offering .
ought to pick up the durable best seller Smart Women , Foolish Choices for advice
ought to be a directing license , so that Ed Burns can have his revoked .
ought to be a directing license , so that Ed Burns can have his revoked
ought to be a whole lot scarier than they are in this tepid genre offering
ought to be a joyful or at least fascinating subject
has all the charm of a meltdown
has all the excitement of eating oatmeal
a far cry from either the book or the beloved film
is that hollywood expects people to pay to see it
is so incredibly inane
is so mired in juvenile and near-xenophobic pedagogy that it 's enough to make one pine for the day when godard can no longer handle the rigors of filmmaking
A bigger holiday downer than your end-of-year 401 ( k ) statement .
A bit of an unwieldy mess
A bit of an unwieldy mess .
A better title , for all concerned , might be Swept Under the Rug .
A bland animated sequel that
an ordeal
an ordeal than an amusement
an ordinary big-screen star
an otherwise good movie marred beyond redemption by a disastrous ending
of imperfection
Whether Jason X is this bad on purpose is never clear . But one thing 's for sure
Whereas the extremely competent hitman films such as Pulp Fiction and Get Shorty resonate a sardonic verve to their caustic purpose for existing , Who Is Cletis Tout ? is an inexpressible and drab wannabe looking for that exact niche .
the most peculiar ( and peculiarly venomous ) bigotries
the most peculiar ( and peculiarly venomous ) bigotries in our increasingly frightening theocracy
Windtalkers had had more faith in the dramatic potential of this true story . This would have been better than the fiction it has concocted
Windtalkers had had more faith in the dramatic potential of this true story . This would have been better than the fiction it has concocted ,
Where their heads were
Windtalkers had had more faith in the dramatic potential of this true story . This would have been better than the fiction it has concocted , and there still could have been room for the war scenes
If director Michael Dowse only superficially understands his characters , he does n't hold them in contempt .
If it tried to do anything more
to out-shock , out-outrage or out-depress
might want to consider a different destination -- some jolly country embroiled in a bloody civil war , perhaps .
might want to consider a different destination -- some jolly country embroiled in a bloody civil war , perhaps
might say Tykwer has done all that Heaven allows , if you wanted to make as anti-Kieslowski a pun as possible . Suffice to say its total promise is left slightly unfulfilled
might want to hang onto that ski mask , as robbery may be the only way to pay for his next project .
might want to hang onto that ski mask , as robbery may be the only way to pay for his next project
considering that Baird is a former film editor , the movie is rather choppy .
considerably less ambitious
hate yourself later
God help the poor woman if Attal is this insecure in real life
without style
Moore 's ) noisy
American and
as gazing at an egg timer for 93 minutes
as clinical , detached , uninvolving
as awful as some of the recent hollywood trip tripe
as exciting as gazing at an egg timer for 93 minutes
as epic tragedy
a flawed human
is so bluntly written , without a trace of sentimentality
a flashy editing style that does n't always jell with Sean Penn 's monotone narration
Not everything in this ambitious comic escapade works
Guys say mean things and shoot a lot of bullets . Some of the characters die and others do n't , and the film pretends that those living have learned some sort of lesson , and , really , nobody in the viewing audience cares .
Guy gets girl , guy loses girl , audience falls asleep .
Guy gets girl , guy loses girl , audience falls asleep
Guys say mean things and shoot a lot of bullets . Some of the characters die and others do n't , and the film pretends that those living have learned some sort of lesson , and , really ,
Guys say mean things and shoot a lot of bullets . Some of the characters die and others do n't , and the film pretends that those living have learned some sort of lesson , and , really , nobody in the viewing audience cares
Guys say mean things and shoot a lot of bullets . Some of the characters die and others do n't , and the film pretends that those living have learned some sort of lesson ,
Guys say mean things and shoot a lot of bullets . Some of the characters die and others do n't , and the film pretends that those living have learned some sort of lesson , and
repetitions and inconsistencies
repetitions
repeatedly throughout the movie
a just a waste
spooks
` Ace Ventura ' rip-off
tries too hard to be funny and tries too hard to be hip
tries for more .
the typical Hollywood disregard for historical truth and realism
has flopped as surely as a soufflé gone wrong
has done too much
has done is proven that no amount of imagination , no creature , no fantasy story and no incredibly outlandish scenery
lives down to its title .
no points for originality , wit , or intelligence
Has all the scenic appeal of a cesspool
Has all the scenic appeal of a cesspool .
Has all the values of a straight-to-video movie
Has all the values of a straight-to-video movie ,
Hartley created a monster but did n't know how to handle it .
Has all the complexity and realistic human behavior of an episode of General Hospital
Has all the complexity and realistic human behavior of an episode of General Hospital .
Has all the values of a straight-to-video movie , but because it has a bigger-name cast , it gets a full theatrical release .
The film sounds like the stuff of lurid melodrama
The film sounds like the stuff of lurid melodrama , but
The film may appear naked in its narrative form
wastes the talents of its attractive young leads
tries , and fails , to control the screen with swaggering machismo and over-the-top lunacy
does n't organize it with any particular insight
swings between false sentiment and unfunny madcap comedy and , along the way , expects the audience to invest in the central relationship as some kind of marriage of true minds .
these annoyances
out of a cellular phone commercial
It 's also not smart or barbed enough for older viewers
It 's also built on a faulty premise , one it follows into melodrama and silliness .
It 's always disappointing when a documentary fails to live up to -- or offer any new insight into -- its chosen topic . Unfortunately , that 's precisely what Arthur Dong 's Family Fundamentals does .
It 's always disappointing when a documentary fails to live up to -- or offer any new insight into -- its chosen topic . Unfortunately
It 's all arty and jazzy and people sit and stare and turn away from one another instead of talking and it 's all about the silences and if you 're into that , have at it .
It 's all surface psychodramatics .
It 's as if Allen , at 66 , has stopped challenging himself .
It 's an odd show , pregnant with moods , stillborn except as a harsh conceptual exercise .
All three descriptions suit Evelyn , a besotted and obvious drama that tells us nothing new
the resolutely downbeat Smokers Only with every indulgent , indie trick in the book
tries , and fails , to control the screen with swaggering machismo and over-the-top lunacy .
swings between false sentiment and unfunny madcap comedy
swings annoyingly between vertigo and opacity .
is likely to disappear as quickly as an ice cube thrown into a pot of boiling water .
is likely to disappear as quickly as an ice cube thrown into a pot of boiling water
is maddening .
is made up of three episodes of a rejected TV show
sure is getting old .
sure the filmmaker would disagree , but , honestly , I do n't see the point
superficial humour
a paunchy midsection , several plodding action sequences
is the most visually unappealing
is the kind of movie where people who have never picked a lock do so easily after a few tries and become expert fighters after a few weeks .
is the kind of movie where the big scene is a man shot out of a cannon into a vat of ice cream
is the lack of emphasis on music in Britney Spears ' first movie
is the kind of production that would have been funnier if the director had released the outtakes theatrically and used the film as a bonus feature on the DVD
its characters , weak and strong
its characterization of Hitler and
so downbeat and
tries to be smart
first mistake
this listless feature will win him any new viewers
lacks the punch and verve needed to make this genre soar
lacks the punch and verve needed to make this genre soar .
lacks the novel charm that made Spy Kids a surprising winner with both adults and younger audiences
lacks the passion required to sell the material
lacks the kind of dynamic that Limbo offers , and in some ways is a rather indulgent piece .
felt with a sardonic jolt
by such ` Have-yourself-a-happy-little-Holocaust ' movies
's not helpful to listen to extremist name-calling , regardless of whether you think Kissinger was a calculating fiend or just a slippery self-promoter .
's not nearly enough
's not funny
's not helpful to listen to extremist name-calling , regardless of whether you think Kissinger was a calculating fiend or just a slippery self-promoter
's not one decent performance from the cast and not one clever line of dialogue .
's not nearly enough that 's right
's not one decent performance from the cast and not one clever line of dialogue
's not original enough
's not original enough .
bland
black urban professionals
has sequel-itis something fierce . An ungainly , comedy-deficient , B-movie rush job
has sequel-itis something fierce . An ungainly , comedy-deficient , B-movie rush job ...
has shown poor judgment in planning to marry Ben Affleck
has so much money delivered so little entertainment .
has so much money delivered so little entertainment
crafting something promising from a mediocre screenplay is not one of them
apparently hoping that the audience will not notice the glaring triteness of the plot device
appalling , shamelessly manipulative and contrived ,
appalling , shamelessly manipulative and contrived , and
appalling , shamelessly manipulative and contrived , and totally lacking
appalling , shamelessly manipulative and contrived , and totally lacking in conviction
crap like this
the requisite faux-urban vibe and
heft to justify its two-hour running time
heavy-handed that they instead pummel the audience
heavy-handed metaphors to choke a horse -- or at least slow him down to a canter
heavy-handed moralistic
alienation
meant to make you think about existential suffering . Instead
The disjointed mess flows as naturally as Jolie 's hideous yellow ` do .
The disjointed mess
The director , with his fake backdrops and stately pacing , never settles on a consistent tone .
The director seems to take an unseemly pleasure in ( the characters ' ) misery and at the same time to congratulate himself for having the guts to confront it .
contrived , lame screenplay
authentically vague , but ultimately purposeless , study
authentically vague , but ultimately purposeless
authentically vague , but ultimately purposeless ,
most oppressive regimes
most peculiar ( and peculiarly venomous ) bigotries
most persnickety preteens
normal ol' slasher plot
nonexistent plot
nonsense but nothing more
nonsensical jargon and stiff-upper-lip laboriousness .
nonsense ensues
nonsensical jargon and stiff-upper-lip laboriousness
on the verge of either cracking up or throwing up
on which to hang his persistently useless movies
on their parents ' anguish
on the subgenre 's most enabling victim ... and an ebullient affection for industrial-model meat freezers
, combined with so much first-rate talent ... could have yielded such a flat , plodding picture
a young man who uses sarcastic lies like a shield
also not very good .
's more determined to become the next Texas Chainsaw Massacre
's mired in a shabby script that piles layer upon layer of Action Man cliché atop wooden dialogue and a shifting tone that falls far short of the peculiarly moral amorality of ( Woo 's ) best work
's mired in a shabby script that piles layer upon layer of Action Man cliché atop wooden dialogue and a shifting tone that falls far short of the peculiarly moral amorality of ( Woo 's ) best work .
mistakes
a new benchmark for lameness
does have a heart . Now , if it only had a brain .
does have a heart . Now , if it only had a brain
1960s rebellion
have given this movie a rating of zero
Klein
A low-budget affair
that will have people walking out halfway through
, few films have been this odd , inexplicable and unpleasant .
, film has little insight into the historical period and its artists , particularly in how Sand developed a notorious reputation .
, fetishistic violence
, fitfully amusing , but ultimately so weightless that a decent draft in the auditorium might blow it off the screen .
The movie 's ultimate point -- that everyone should be themselves -- is trite , but the screenwriter and director Michel Gondry restate it to the point of ridiculousness .
The movie 's ultimate point -- that everyone should be themselves -- is trite , but the screenwriter and director Michel Gondry restate it to the point of ridiculousness
The movie , shot on digital videotape rather than film
The movie 's vision of a white American zealously spreading a Puritanical brand of Christianity to South Seas islanders is one only a true believer could relish .
The movie , shot on digital videotape rather than film , is frequently indecipherable
The movie , shot on digital videotape rather than film , is frequently indecipherable .
You can fire a torpedo through some of Clancy 's holes ,
You can fire a torpedo through some of Clancy 's holes
You can fire a torpedo through some of Clancy 's holes , and the scripters do n't deserve any Oscars .
You 've already seen City by the Sea under a variety of titles , but
Wimps out by going for that PG-13 rating , so the more graphic violence is mostly off-screen and
Wimps out by going for that PG-13 rating , so
Wimps out by going for that PG-13 rating , so the more graphic violence is mostly off-screen
You can fire a torpedo through some of Clancy 's holes , and the scripters do n't deserve any Oscars . But
Wilson remains a silent , lumpish cipher
Wimps
cope with the pesky moods of jealousy
corniest
get through this interminable , shapeless documentary about the swinging subculture
get this thing over with
A crass and insulting homage to great films like Some Like It Hot and the John Wayne classics .
A crass and insulting homage to great films
a movie that might have been titled ` the loud and the ludicrous '
A culture clash comedy only half as clever as it thinks it is .
a monstrous murk
pull his head out of his butt
seen to better advantage on cable , especially considering its barely
drooling idiots
, we find ourselves longing for the block of wood to come back .
who can count to five ( the film 's target market ? )
It 's hard to like a film about a guy who is utterly unlikeable
It 's hard to like a film about a guy who is utterly unlikeable ,
It 's hampered by a Lifetime-channel kind of plot and a lead actress who is out of her depth .
It 's hard not to feel you 've just watched a feature-length video game with some really heavy back story .
It 's hard to believe these jokers are supposed to have pulled off four similar kidnappings before .
It 's got its heart in the right place , but it also wilts after awhile
that parade about as if they were coming back from Stock Character camp -- a drowsy drama infatuated by its own pretentious self-examination
that only self-aware neurotics engage in
that only seems to care about the bottom line
that peculiar tension of being too dense & about nothing at all
but it also does the absolute last thing we need Hollywood doing to us : It preaches
Swinging , the film makes it seem , is not a hobby that attracts the young and fit .
incinerates Frank Capra 's classic
time stinker
is not a classical dramatic animated feature , nor a hip , contemporary , in-jokey one
is not a bad movie , just mediocre .
is not a classical dramatic animated feature , nor a hip , contemporary , in-jokey one .
is not even half the interest .
long for the end
long for the end credits
long gone bottom-of-the-bill fare like The Ghost and Mr. Chicken
long on the irrelevant as on the engaging , which gradually turns What Time
chelsea walls is a case of too many chefs fussing over too weak a recipe .
chelsea walls is a case of too many chefs fussing over too weak a recipe
tries to be thrilling , touching or , yikes , uproarious
exhausted
exhausted than the athletes onscreen
There is a certain sense of experimentation and improvisation to this film that may not always work , but
There is nothing outstanding about this film
There is nothing outstanding about this film , but
There is nothing outstanding about this film ,
the dimming of a certain ambition
to dismiss the film
it 's an utterly static picture
it 's an acquired taste that takes time to enjoy
think ( Kissinger 's ) any more guilty of criminal activity than most contemporary statesmen
to lament the loss of culture
grab us , only to keep letting go at all the wrong moments
grab your kids and run
grab your kids and run and then
grab your kids and run and then probably call the police
the payoff for the audience , as well as the characters , is messy , murky , unsatisfying .
a stupefying attempt by the filmmakers to force-feed James Bond into the mindless XXX mold and throw 40 years of cinematic history down the toilet in favor of bright flashes and loud bangs
a substantial arc of change that does n't produce any real transformation
Who , exactly , is fighting whom here ? Ah , yes , that would be me : fighting off the urge to doze
be looking for a sign . An EXIT sign , that is
is of Brian De Palma 's addiction to the junk-calorie suspense tropes that have all but ruined his career
is of Brian De Palma 's addiction to the junk-calorie suspense tropes that have all but ruined his career .
is often preachy
is oddly lifeless .
uncontrolled
is often preachy and
how resolutely unamusing , how thoroughly unrewarding all of this is ,
how resolutely unamusing , how thoroughly unrewarding all of this is
Mostly Martha could have used a little trimming -- 10 or 15 minutes could be cut and no one would notice --
disease movie
distracted
if somebody was bored and ... decided to make a dull , pretentious version of jesus ' son ,
if somebody was bored and ... decided to make a dull , pretentious version of jesus ' son , they
if somebody was bored and ... decided to make a dull , pretentious version of jesus ' son , they 'd come up with something like bart freundlich 's world traveler
if somebody was bored and ... decided to make a dull , pretentious version of jesus ' son
Most of the supporting characters in Eastwood films are weak , as are most of the subplots .
if the filmmakers just follow the books ,
of canned humor
timewaster
of brooding personalities that parade about as if they were coming back from Stock Character camp -- a drowsy drama infatuated by its own pretentious self-examination
tries to seem sincere , and just
tries to fuse the two ` woods ' but winds up a Bolly-Holly masala mess
tries too hard , and overreaches the logic of its own world
tries too hard , and
tries too hard ,
tries too hard
tries too hard to be emotional
tries too hard , and overreaches the logic of its own world .
into the trap of pretention
with a blind orphan at its center
ragbag
loses its fire midway , nearly flickering out by its perfunctory conclusion .
loses points when it surrenders to a formulaic bang-bang , shoot-em-up scene at the conclusion
loses its fire midway ,
loses its fire midway , nearly flickering out by its perfunctory conclusion
loses points when it surrenders to a formulaic bang-bang , shoot-em-up scene at the conclusion .
loses sight of its own story
lost , leaving the character of Critical Jim two-dimensional and pointless
nothing funny in this every-joke-has - been-told-a
nothing funny in this every-joke-has - been-told-a -
nothing good
nothing good can happen
nothing in the movie makes a convincing case that one woman 's broken heart outweighs all the loss we witness
nothing left to work with , sort of like Michael Jackson 's nose
nothing more than an hour-and-a-half-long commercial for Britney 's latest album
nothing more than warmed-over Cold War paranoia
the knee-jerk misogyny that passes for humor in so many teenage comedies
the knee-jerk misogyny
the lack of linearity is the point of emotional and moral departure for protagonist Alice
the lack of linearity
A prolonged extrusion of psychopathic pulp .
retread action twaddle
retread , hobbled by half-baked setups and sluggish pacing .
on its taut performances and creepy atmosphere
profane
returning to one anecdote for comparison : the cartoon in Japan that gave people seizures
return ticket
despite playing out like a feature-length sitcom replete with stereotypical familial quandaries
despite a definitely distinctive screen presence , just is n't able to muster for a movie that , its title notwithstanding , should have been a lot nastier if it wanted to fully capitalize on its lead 's specific gifts
despite being noticeably derivative of Goodfellas and at least a half dozen other trouble-in-the-ghetto flicks
black BMW
black comedy and black hole
foreign mush
forgets about unfolding a coherent , believable story in its zeal to spread propaganda
But like Bruce Springsteen 's gone-to-pot Asbury Park , New Jersey , this sad-sack waste of a movie is a City of ruins .
But its storytelling prowess and special effects are both listless .
But it would be better to wait for the video .
But mainstream audiences will find little of interest in this film , which is often preachy and poorly acted .
But like most rabbits , it seems to lack substance .
to forgive that still serious problem
basic flaws
The Sweetest Thing is expressly for idiots who do n't care what kind of sewage they shovel into their mental gullets to simulate sustenance .
The Sweetest Thing leaves a bitter taste .
The Sweetest Thing leaves an awful sour taste .
The Sum of All Fears pretends to be a serious exploration of nuclear terrorism ,
The Sum of All Fears pretends to be a serious exploration of nuclear terrorism , but
The Sum of All Fears pretends to be a serious exploration of nuclear terrorism , but it 's really nothing more than warmed-over Cold War paranoia .
fuss or noise
Soderbergh 's spectacular swing for the fence yields only a spectacular whiff .
is almost completely deadpan
sick comedies
shy of overkill
shut up '' to those who talk up what is nothing more than two guys beating the hell outta
from a philosophical emptiness and maddeningly sedate pacing
from a riot-control projectile or my own tortured psyche
from a severe case of Hollywood-itis
everyone else yawning with admiration
every-joke-has - been-told-a
everyone except the characters in it can see coming a mile away
a reason the studio did n't offer an advance screening . '' The Adventures of Pluto Nash '' is a big time stinker
a remake by the numbers
's not life-affirming -- its vulgar and mean
's not life-affirming -- its vulgar and
's not that funny --
's not quite the genre-busting film it 's been hyped to be because it plays everything too safe .
's not that funny -- which is just generally insulting .
's not that funny -- which is just generally insulting
eccentric , accident-prone characters
easy to guess
Plays like a bad blend of an overripe episode of TV 's Dawson 's Creek and a recycled and dumbed-down version of Love Story .
Pinocchio never quite achieves the feel of a fanciful motion picture .
Obvious .
Obvious politics and rudimentary animation reduce the chances that the appeal of Hey Arnold !
uncharismatic , overgrown frat boy
starred in borders on the grotesque
I do n't think that A . C . will help this movie one bit
the pitfalls you 'd expect in such a potentially sudsy set-up
the pity is that it rarely achieves its best
I do n't think most of the people who loved the 1989 Paradiso will prefer this new version .
I do n't think most of the people who loved the 1989 Paradiso will prefer this new version . But
does not necessarily make for persuasive viewing .
blisteringly defined , that every other character seems overlooked and underwritten
blisteringly defined , that every other character seems overlooked
blobby old-school CGI animation
blisteringly defined , that every other character seems overlooked and underwritten .
a former gong show addict
a game you 're more likely to enjoy on a computer
Sometimes we feel as if the film careens from one colorful event to another without respite ,
boring talking heads , etc .
boring man
boring movie
boring talking heads
boring talking heads ,
say the least , not to mention inappropriate and wildly undeserved
borrows heavily from Lynch , Jeunet , and von Trier while failing to find a spark of its own
Sadly , as Blood Work proves , that was a long , long time ago .
Sadly , ` Garth ' has n't progressed as nicely as ` Wayne . '
Sade achieves the near-impossible : It turns the Marquis de Sade into a dullard .
Sade achieves the near-impossible : It turns the Marquis de Sade into a dullard
It 's a movie that ends with Truckzilla , for cryin ' out loud .
you 're going to face frightening late fees
the insinuation of mediocre acting or
the insinuation of mediocre acting
the insipid script
the insinuation of mediocre acting or a fairly trite narrative
's been packaged and sold back to us by Hollywood
's best to avoid imprisonment with the dull , nerdy folks that inhabit Cherish .
's best to avoid imprisonment with the dull , nerdy folks that inhabit Cherish
's both sitcomishly predictable and cloying in its attempts
less sophisticated audiences
less sophisticated
less sense than the Bruckheimeresque American action flicks it emulates
insanely stupid
humiliated by a pack of dogs who are smarter than him
humbuggery ...
humbuggery
surprising less moldy and trite than the last two
surfing between the Discovery Channel and a late-night made-for-cable action movie
surprise to see a world-class filmmaker like Zhang Yimou behind the camera for a yarn that 's ultimately rather inconsequential
take me back to a time before I saw this movie
to pose as an actual feature movie , the kind that charges full admission and gets hyped on TV and purports to amuse small children and ostensible adults
too fluffy
, The Piano Teacher is anything but fun .
is n't a '' Friday '' worth waiting for
is murder by numbers , and as easy to be bored by as your ABC 's ,
is much too conventional -- lots of boring talking heads , etc . -- to do the subject matter justice .
is murder by numbers , and as easy to be bored by as your ABC 's , despite a few whopping shootouts .
is muted
veers like a drunken driver
veers like a drunken driver through heavy traffic
veers into corny sentimentality ,
veers into corny sentimentality , probably
shameless sham
is much too conventional -- lots of boring talking heads , etc. -- to do the subject matter justice .
is much too conventional -- lots of boring talking heads , etc. -- to do the subject matter justice
is n't a new idea
have to be as a collection of keening and self-mutilating sideshow geeks
have taken the protagonists a full hour to determine that in order to kill a zombie you must shoot it in the head
have some idea of the glum , numb experience of watching o fantasma
have the slightest difficulty accepting him in the role
have you forever on the verge of either cracking up or throwing up
to pop up in a cinematic year already littered with celluloid garbage
The appeal of the vulgar , sexist , racist humour went over my head or -- considering just how low brow it is -- perhaps it snuck under my feet
The appeal of the vulgar , sexist , racist humour went over my head or -- considering just how low brow it is -- perhaps it snuck under my feet .
died a matter of weeks before the movie 's release
difficult ' films
dicey material
did n't know
died
from that 1982 's Tootsie , forgetting only to retain a single laugh
malnourished
from stale parody
from the amazingly lifelike Tara Reid , whose acting skills are comparable to a cardboard cutout
in the translation this time . The Importance of Being Earnest movie seems to be missing a great deal of the acerbic repartee of the play
resolutely unamusing , how thoroughly unrewarding all of this
of exploiting molestation for laughs
of fart jokes , masturbation jokes , and racist Japanese jokes
cause parents a few sleepless hours --
artificial and soulless
the cast or the redundant messages
with a sickening thud
by way too much indulgence of scene-chewing , teeth-gnashing actorliness
by whiny , pathetic , starving and untalented artistes
getting tired of the whole slo-mo , double-pistoled , ballistic-pyrotechnic Hong Kong action aesthetic
giant step backward
a refusal
the simpering soundtrack and editing more so
( Madonna 's ) denied her own athleticism by lighting that emphasizes every line and sag .
exercise in time-vaulting literary pretension .
the simpering soundtrack and editing
although this idea is `` new ''
exercise in emptiness
exercise in emptiness .
exercise in sham actor workshops and an affected malaise
exercise in sham actor workshops and an affected malaise .
exercise in time-vaulting literary pretension
also think that sequels can never capture the magic of the original .
turkey-on-rolls , stubbly chins , liver spots , red noses and
turkey-on-rolls , stubbly chins , liver spots
( Leigh ) lays it on so thick this time that it feels like a suicide race
turkey-on-rolls ,
( It 's ) difficult to get beyond the overall blandness of American Chai
( It 's ) a prison soccer movie starring charismatic tough guy Vinnie Jones , but it had too much spitting for me to enjoy .
let Dante 's gloomy words be your guide
the simpering soundtrack
that might have been titled ` the loud and the ludicrous '
bad it does n't have more flashes of insight
bad --
away from perfection
by dumb action-movie standards
the silly , over-the-top coda especially disappointing
Again may not , strictly speaking , qualify as revolutionary .
little excitement
Never having seen the first two films in the series , I ca n't compare Friday After Next to them , but nothing would change the fact that what we have here is a load of clams left in the broiling sun for a good three days .
redundant
one of the most moronic screenplays of the year , full of holes that will be obvious even to those who are n't looking for them
one of the saddest action hero performances ever witnessed
one of them
one of the worst of the entire franchise
wo n't have you swinging from the trees hooting it 's praises
Never having seen the first two films in the series , I ca n't compare Friday After Next to them , but nothing would change the fact that what we have here is a load of clams left in the broiling sun for a good three days
wo n't convert you -- or even keep your eyes open
wo n't convert you -- or even keep your eyes open .
wo n't be talking about the film once you exit the theater
a dark pit
a dark pit having a nightmare about bad cinema
like legally blonde and sweet home abomination , i mean , alabama
setting distracts
Fish out of water usually
covers a lot of ground , perhaps too much , but
First , for a movie that tries to be smart , it 's kinda dumb .
First-time director João Pedro Rodrigues ' unwillingness to define his hero 's background or motivations
Flat , misguided comedy
First-time director João Pedro Rodrigues ' unwillingness to define his hero 's background or motivations becomes more and more frustrating as the film goes on .
Flat , misguided comedy .
Fluffy and disposible
mixed-up films
the predictable parent
the predictable parent vs. child coming-of-age theme
to lead a group of talented friends astray
so-bad-it 's
direct-to-video\/DVD
direct-to-video\/DVD category
dips key moments
dips key moments from the film
dip into your wallet , swipe 90 minutes of your time , and offer you precisely this in recompense : A few early laughs scattered around a plot as thin as it is repetitious
direct-to-video stuff
As Warren he stumbles in search of all the emotions and life experiences
As A Rumor of Angels reveals itself to be a sudsy tub of supernatural hokum , not even Ms. Redgrave 's noblest efforts can redeem it from hopeless sentimentality .
As A Rumor of Angels reveals itself to be a sudsy tub of supernatural hokum
'' has-been
'' has n't much more to serve than silly fluff
While you have to admit it 's semi-amusing to watch Robert DeNiro belt out `` When you 're a Jet , you 're a Jet all the way , '' it 's equally distasteful to watch him sing the lyrics to `` Tonight . ''
, just is n't able to muster for a movie that , its title notwithstanding , should have been a lot nastier if it wanted to fully capitalize on its lead 's specific gifts
, lame screenplay
, less a movie-movie than a funny and weird meditation on Hollywood , success , artistic integrity and intellectual bankruptcy .
serviceability , but
I doubt anyone will remember the picture by the time Christmas really rolls around
There 's a scientific law to be discerned here that producers would be well to heed : Mediocre movies start to drag as soon as the action speeds up ; when the explosions start , they fall to pieces .
I do n't know what she 's doing in here
be seduced . If you do n't laugh , flee
be seen as propaganda
simply because the movie is ugly to look at and not a Hollywood product
will be lulled into a coma
will be lulled into a coma .
a weepy melodrama
a weird fizzle
a while , as do Joan and Philip 's repetitive arguments , schemes and treachery
resents having to inhale this gutter romancer 's secondhand material
resembles an outline for a '70s exploitation picture than the finished product .
begin to wonder if they are ever going to depart
begin to wonder if they are ever going to depart .
beginnings and middles
The plot is nothing but boilerplate clichés from start to finish
The plan to make Enough into ` an inspiring tale of survival wrapped in the heart-pounding suspense of a stylish psychological thriller ' has flopped as surely as a soufflé gone wrong .
The plot is nothing but boilerplate clichés from start to finish ,
The plot is nothing but boilerplate clichés from start to finish , and
begins as a seemingly brainless
is the superficial way it deals with its story
begins haranguing the wife in bad stage dialogue
is the sort of low-grade dreck that usually goes straight to video -- with a lousy script , inept direction , pathetic acting , poorly dubbed dialogue and murky cinematography , complete with visible boom mikes .
that her life is meaningless , vapid and devoid of substance , in a movie that is definitely meaningless , vapid and devoid of substance
sit through crap like this
sit through about 90 minutes of a so-called ` comedy ' and not laugh once
sit through this summer that do not involve a dentist drill
sit through than this hastily dubbed disaster
sit through about 90 minutes of a so-called ` comedy ' and not laugh
sit through a crummy , wannabe-hip crime comedy that refers incessantly to old movies , when you could just rent those movies instead , let alone seek out a respectable new one ?
Our culture is headed down the toilet with the ferocity of a frozen burrito after an all-night tequila bender --
Our culture is headed down the toilet with the ferocity of a frozen burrito after an all-night tequila bender -- and
represents nothing
represents Bartleby 's main overall flaw .
Detox is ultimately a pointless endeavor .
represents nothing more than the art of the deal
repugnance
Not every animated film from Disney will become a classic , but forgive me if I 've come to expect more from this studio than some 79-minute after-school `` cartoon '' .
Not even Solondz 's thirst for controversy , sketchy characters and immature provocations can fully succeed at cheapening it .
Not even Felinni would know what to make of this Italian freakshow .
Not just unlikable .
to leave this loser
most repugnant
Spider-Man is about growing strange hairs , getting a more mature body , and finding it necessary to hide new secretions from the parental units .
with a lousy script , inept direction , pathetic acting , poorly dubbed dialogue and murky cinematography
still ca n't act a lick .
you think , zzzzzzzzz
A beguiling , slow-moving parable about the collision of past and present
you there is no sense
Same song ,
you thought would leave you cold
what began as an intriguing look at youth fizzles into a dull , ridiculous attempt at heart-tugging
anyone who has ever suspected Hollywood of being overrun by corrupt and hedonistic weasels
the dialogue sounds like horrible poetry .
the direction unfocused
holds its goodwill close , but is relatively slow to come to the point .
falters
falters in its recycled aspects , implausibility , and sags
falls short in building the drama of lilia 's journey
falters in its recycled aspects , implausibility , and sags in pace
's just incredibly dull .
's just incredibly dull
's just a silly black genre spoof
's just disappointingly superficial
's just a silly black genre spoof .
's just hard to believe that a life like this can sound so dull .
's just hard to believe that a life like this can sound so dull
what is captured during the conceptual process does n't add up to a sufficient explanation of what the final dance work , the selection , became in its final form .
old , familiar
; the problem is he has no character , loveable or otherwise .
languishing on a shelf somewhere
languishing
lame Musketeer
was painful .
stretching and padding
stretched to the point of evaporation
stretching and padding its material in a blur of dead ends and distracting camera work
stretching and padding its material
worse stunt editing or
is even more rigged than it was two centuries ago
is done by the supposedly liberal media ... to the intimate and ultimately tragic heartache of maverick individuals like Hatfield and Hicks
You could hate it for the same reason .
rough content
rough waters
to term an '' ambitious failure
gone straight to video
still cuts all the way down to broken bone
stifles creativity and
stifles creativity
of death in this bitter Italian comedy
of critiquing itself at every faltering half-step of its development that criticizing feels more like commiserating
to be part of an insider clique , which tends to breed formulaic films rather than fresh ones
to be on afternoon TV
to be not much more than a shaggy human tale
to be neither funny nor provocative - only dull
to be mighty bored to even think of staying with this for more than , say , ten ... make that three minutes
of Jason X
in self - and audience-abuse
most anti-human
most adults will be way ahead of the plot .
never quite emerges from the shadow of Ellis ' book .
foolish
The performances of the children , untrained in acting
were afraid to show this movie to reviewers before its opening , afraid of the bad reviews they thought they 'd earn
the dead ( water ) weight of the other
footage that might have made No Such Thing a trenchant , ironic cultural satire instead of a frustrating misfire
the dangers of ouija boards
for , it certainly got lost in the '' soon-to-be-forgettable '' section of the quirky rip-off prison romp pile .
the curse of blandness
aggressively anti-erotic
intermittent unease
in which a bunch of pompous windbags drone on inanely for two hours
in what 's supposed to be a comedy
in which it studiously avoids provoking thought
in which most of the characters forget their lines
the narration helps little
is neither amusing nor dramatic enough to sustain interest
the mire of this alleged psychological thriller in search of purpose or even a plot
the misery
the mill sci-fi film with a flimsy ending and
the mill sci-fi film with a flimsy ending and lots of hype
about the folly of superficiality that is itself
to build up a pressure cooker of horrified awe
It 's a demented kitsch mess ( although the smeary digital video does match the muddled narrative ) , but
It 's a demented kitsch mess ( although the smeary digital video does match the muddled narrative ) ,
It 's a bit disappointing that it only manages to be decent instead of dead brilliant .
stuck with a script that prevents them from firing on all cylinders
paranoia and insecurity
own worst enemy
painful incident
the German film industry can not make a delightful comedy centering on food
worn a bit thin over the years
falls back on the same old formula of teen sex , outrageous pranks and scenes designed to push the envelope of bad taste for laughs
falls apart long before the end
falling flat
fall short of being interesting or entertaining
fall prey to a boatload of screenwriting cliches that sink it faster than a leaky freighter
faking some pretty cool stunts but a complete failure at trying to create some pretty cool characters . And forget about any attempt at a plot !
faking some pretty cool stunts but a complete failure at trying to create some pretty cool characters .
More vaudeville show than well-constructed narrative ,
More vaudeville show than well-constructed narrative
worn a bit thin over the years ,
leaning forward while wearing low-cut gowns , not making snappy comebacks
leaky script
fervently scorns , creating a meandering , inarticulate and ultimately disappointing film
Dawdles and drags when it should pop ; it does n't even have the virtue of enough mindless violence to break up the tedium of all its generational bonding .
Dawdles and drags when it should pop ; it does n't even have the virtue of enough mindless violence to break up the tedium of all its generational bonding
could fail to respond
For this reason and this reason only -- the power of its own steadfast , hoity-toity convictions --
For the most part , the ingredients are there . But an unwillingness to explore beyond the surfaces of her characters prevents Nettelbeck 's film from coming together .
For starters , the story is just too slim
For single digits kidlets Stuart Little 2 is still a no brainer . If you 're looking to rekindle the magic of the first film , you 'll need a stronger stomach than us .
For most movies , 84 minutes is short , but this one feels like a life sentence
For most movies , 84 minutes is short , but this one feels like a life sentence .
off the path of good sense
A recipe for cinematic disaster
A recipe for cinematic disaster ... part Quentin Tarantino , part Guy Ritchie , and part 1960s spy spoof , it 's all bad .
A recipe for cinematic disaster ... part Quentin Tarantino , part Guy Ritchie , and part 1960s spy spoof
A real clunker . A well-made , thoughtful , well-acted clunker , but a clunker nonetheless .
another fish-out-of-water story that barely stays afloat
to think of any film more challenging or depressing than The Grey Zone
the film 's Sopranos gags
this equally derisive clunker
, today , can prevent its tragic waste of life
'' or `` suck ''
's strongly mediocre ,
's stupid
's strongly mediocre , with funny bits surfacing every once in a while
's taken one of the world 's most fascinating stories and made it dull , lifeless , and irritating
's sweet , harmless , dumb , occasionally funny and about as compelling as a fishing show .
Robinson complex founders
Robinson complex founders on its own preciousness -- and
Robinson complex founders on its own preciousness -- and squanders its beautiful women .
Robinson complex founders on its own preciousness -- and squanders its beautiful women
Rock 's stand-up magic wanes . Hopkins , squarely fills the screen
pity anyone who sees this mishmash
pity the ` plain ' girl who becomes a ravishing waif after applying a smear of lip-gloss . Rather , pity anyone who sees this mishmash
place most of the psychological and philosophical material in italics
tired of hearing people
'm giving it thumbs down due to the endlessly repetitive scenes of embarrassment
'm all for the mentally challenged getting their fair shot in the movie business
stock plot
Irwin is a man with enough charisma and audacity to carry a dozen films , but this particular result is ultimately held back from being something greater
Irwin is a man with enough charisma and audacity to carry a dozen films , but this particular result is ultimately held back from being something greater .
it all down
it a total success ?
tired and
after the most awful acts are committed
a speed that is slow to those of us in middle age and deathly slow to any teen . With a cast of A-list Brit actors
tiny little jokes and nary an original idea
graceless
got to be a more graceful way of portraying the devastation of this disease
a complete moron
a complete wash
a complete wash ( no pun intended ) ,
sleep by the movie
sleep-inducing
sleep-inducing effects
This is a fragmented film , once a good idea that was followed by the bad idea to turn it into a movie .
a setup so easy it borders on facile
list
What little grace ( Rifkin 's ) tale of precarious skid-row dignity achieves
sense-of-humour failure
riddled with unanswered questions that it requires gargantuan leaps of faith just to watch it
riddled with unanswered questions that it requires gargantuan leaps of faith just to watch it plod along .
ridiculous Bolero
prickly indie comedy
prickly
primitive animated special effects
might more accurately be titled Mr. Chips off the Old Block
might not seem like the proper cup of tea
might want to take a reality check before you pay the full ticket price to see `` Simone , '' and consider a DVD rental instead
by those who equate obscurity with profundity
dog soldiers does n't transcend genre
than the pitiful Insurrection
than some 79-minute after-school `` cartoon ''
make this anything more than another big-budget bust
its mean-spirited second half
its material that is deliberately unsettling
than Home Alone raised to a new , self-deprecating level
such a flat , plodding picture
succumbing to sentimentality
such a bore
such a lousy way
schaeffer has to find some hook on which to hang his persistently useless movies , and it might as well be the resuscitation of the middle-aged character
heart-breakingly extensive annals
schaeffer has to find some hook on which to hang his persistently useless movies
to the cracked lunacy of The Adventures of Buckaroo Banzai , but thanks to an astonishingly witless script
to the dull effects that allow the suit to come to life
transparently hypocritical work
around this movie directionless
does so with such an uneven tone
surely it does n't have to be as a collection of keening and self-mutilating sideshow geeks
a miscast leading lady
there is plenty of room for editing , and a much shorter cut surely would have resulted in a smoother , more focused narrative without sacrificing any of the cultural intrigue
there is plenty of room for editing , and
some other recent efforts in the burgeoning genre of films about black urban professionals
Not everyone will welcome or accept The Trials of Henry Kissinger as faithful portraiture , but
Not everyone will welcome or accept The Trials of Henry Kissinger as faithful portraiture ,
give us anything we have n't seen before
, long-suffering but cruel
bogs
bogged down by hit-and-miss topical humour
personal tragedies
the high infidelity
this gory , perverted , sex-soaked riff on the cannibal genre
for sex in the movies look like cheap hysterics
of the quality of a lesser Harrison Ford movie - Six Days , Seven Nights , maybe , or that dreadful Sabrina remake
of the road , where the thematic ironies are too obvious and the sexual politics too smug
cheats on itself and retreats to comfortable
Mark me down as a non-believer in werewolf films that are not serious and rely on stupidity as a substitute for humor .
Mark me down as a non-believer in werewolf films that are not serious and rely on stupidity as a substitute for humor
Mark me down as a non-believer in werewolf films that are not serious
'm sure there 's a teenage boy out there somewhere who 's dying for this kind of entertainment .
'm not sure which will take longer to heal : the welt on Johnny Knoxville 's stomach from a riot-control projectile or my own tortured psyche .
'm not sure which is worse : the poor acting by the ensemble cast , the flat dialogue by Vincent R . Nebrida or the gutless direction by Laurice Guillen .
'm not sure which is worse : the poor acting by the ensemble cast , the flat dialogue by Vincent R . Nebrida or the gutless direction by Laurice Guillen
disturbingly familiar
disturbingly
Daphne , you 're too Buff \ \/ Fred thinks he 's tough \ \/ And Velma
'n safe as to often play like a milquetoast movie of the week blown up for the big screen
'n safe as to often play like a milquetoast movie of the week blown up for the big screen .
, soporific , visually dank
, somnolent show
, sometimes maddeningly slow film
, stay away . Otherwise , this could be a passable date film .
, soulless and ugly movies like this are the result . Let your silly childhood nostalgia slumber unmolested .
, strange reading
A sad and rote exercise in milking a played-out idea -- a straight guy has to dress up in drag -- that shockingly manages to be even worse than its title would imply .
A science-fiction pastiche so lacking in originality that if you stripped away its inspirations there
A science-fiction pastiche so lacking in originality that if you stripped away its inspirations there would be precious little left .
But this films lacks the passion required to sell the material .
But they lack their idol 's energy and passion for detail .
But this time , the old MIB label stands for Milder Is n't Better .
But this new jangle of noise , mayhem and stupidity must be a serious contender for the title .
LaBute ca n't avoid a fatal mistake in the modern era :
LaBute ca n't avoid a fatal mistake in the modern era
LaBute ca n't avoid a fatal mistake in the modern era : He 's changed the male academic from a lower-class Brit to an American , a choice that upsets the novel 's exquisite balance and shreds the fabric of the film
's very little
's unfocused and tediously exasperating
's undone by a sloppy script
's trying to set the women 's liberation movement back 20 years
's tough to tell which is in more abundant supply in this woefully hackneyed movie , directed by Scott Kalvert , about street gangs and turf wars in 1958 Brooklyn -- stale cliches , gratuitous violence , or empty machismo .
's unlikely to inspire anything more than a visit to McDonald 's , let alone some savvy street activism
's unfortunate that Wallace , who wrote Gibson 's Braveheart as well as the recent Pearl Harbor , has such an irrepressible passion for sappy situations and dialogue .
's unfortunate that Wallace , who wrote Gibson 's Braveheart as well as the recent Pearl Harbor , has such an irrepressible passion for sappy situations and dialogue
's unfortunate
kappa rho alpha phi
juvenile and near-xenophobic pedagogy
's nonsense
of nationalism that covers our deepest , media-soaked fears
as romantic nor as thrilling as it should be .
of motion picture that wo n't make much of a splash when it 's released , and will not be remembered long afterwards
ai n't art
ai n't art ,
ai n't art , by a long shot
supposed injustices
the rotting underbelly of Middle America
an entirely stale concept
... that the material is so second-rate .
... pays tribute to heroes the way Julia Roberts hands out awards -- with phony humility barely camouflaging grotesque narcissism .
... pitiful , slapdash disaster . A DOA dud from frame one .
... post-September 11 , '' The Sum Of All Fears '' seems more tacky and reprehensible , manipulating our collective fear without bestowing the subject with the intelligence or sincerity it unequivocally deserves .
... presents classic moral-condundrum drama : What would you have done to survive ? The problem with the film is whether these ambitions , laudable in themselves , justify a theatrical simulation of the death camp of Auschwitz II-Birkenau .
... should have been sent back to the tailor for some major alterations .
... simultaneously degrades its characters , its stars and its audience .
... take your pick . All three descriptions suit Evelyn , a besotted and obvious drama that tells us nothing new .
Purports to be a Hollywood satire
Purports to be a Hollywood satire but winds up as the kind of film that should be the target of something deeper and more engaging . Oh , and more entertaining , too .
Purposefully shocking in its eroticized gore , if unintentionally dull in its lack of poetic frissons .
find it either moderately amusing or just plain irrelevant
find it baffling
find anything to get excited about on this DVD
find in this dreary mess
of an underdone potato
find it uninteresting
The cartoon that is n't really good enough to be on afternoon TV
a Communion wafer without the wine
the awfulness of the movie
Just consider what New Best Friend does not have , beginning with the minor omission of a screenplay .
Just about everyone involved here seems to be coasting . There are a few modest laughs , but certainly no thrills .
Just dreadful . I do n't blame Eddie Murphy but should n't Owen Wilson know a movie must have a story and a script ?
Just dreadful . I do n't blame Eddie Murphy but should n't
Just dreadful .
Just dreadful
's uninteresting
You begin to long for the end credits as the desert does for rain .
's too much syrup and not enough fizz
because it plays everything too safe
actress-producer and writer
acts that no amount of earnest textbook psychologizing can bridge .
A smug and convoluted action-comedy that does n't allow an earnest moment to pass without reminding audiences that it 's only a movie .
A so-so , made-for-TV something posing as a real movie .
A sometimes incisive and sensitive portrait that is undercut by its awkward structure and a final veering toward melodrama .
A somewhat disappointing and meandering saga
its intended under-12 audience is concerned
its macabre , self-deprecating sense
If you 're looking for a story , do n't bother .
The premise itself is just SOOOOO tired . Pair that with really poor comedic writing ...
what saves lives on the freeway does not necessarily make for persuasive viewing .
what it lacks in outright newness
what it is supposed to be , but ca n't really call it a work of art
to convince the audience that these brats will ever be anything more than losers
... is moldy and obvious .
The premise itself is just SOOOOO tired . Pair that with really poor comedic writing
... is so enamored of her own creation that she ca n't see how insufferable the character is .
be careful what you wish for
be careful what you wish for ''
be called `` Jar-Jar Binks : The Movie
be cleverer , better written and of considerable more interest than the finished film
... has virtually no script at all ...
to conceive of anyone who has reached puberty actually finding the characters in Slackers or their antics amusing , let alone funny
ca n't go home again
... fifty minutes of tedious adolescent melodramatics followed by thirty-five minutes of inflated nonsense .
... grows decidedly flimsier with its many out-sized , out of character and logically porous action set pieces .
sequels can never capture the magic of the original . Well
Director Brian Levant , who never strays far from his sitcom roots , skates blithely from one implausible situation to another , pausing only to tie up loose ends with more bows than you 'll find on a French poodle .
that fails on so many levels
that fails to make adequate
The movie is hardly a masterpiece
The movie is hardly a masterpiece ,
The movie is well done , but slow .
way to go before it reaches the level of crudity in the latest Austin Powers extravaganza
way too full
way too full of itself
shifting in your chair too often
shenanigans and
low-key quality
neither romantic nor comedic
neither is it as smart
neither amusing nor dramatic enough to sustain interest
negotiate their imperfect , love-hate relationship
neither is incompetent , incoherent or just plain crap
negligible
negotiate the many inconsistencies in Janice 's behavior or
His Secret Life enters the land of unintentional melodrama and tiresome love triangles
Hitler 's
Hitler 's destiny
a severe case of Hollywood-itis
It would n't be my preferred way of spending 100 minutes or $ 7.00 .
It wo n't harm anyone , but
It wo n't harm anyone , but neither can I think of a very good reason to rush right out and see it
It would be disingenuous to call Reno a great film , but
It would be disingenuous to call Reno a great film
It would be disingenuous to call Reno a great film ,
a shaky , uncertain film
a difficult shoot
invest their hard-earned bucks into a movie which obviously did n't invest much into itself either
invested in undergraduate doubling subtexts and ridiculous stabs
invested in undergraduate doubling subtexts and ridiculous stabs at existentialism reminding of the discovery of the wizard of God
shows -- reality shows for God 's sake
thick clouds of denial
and disturbing little movie
a salute that I 'd hoped the movie would avoid
a sad sitcom of a movie , largely devoid of charm
a sad trust
a sadistic bike flick
a routine slasher film that was probably more fun to make than it is to sit through
serve than silly fluff . Nor is it
served by the movie 's sophomoric blend of shenanigans and slapstick
it 's too patched together
it 's too high a price to pay for a shimmering picture postcard
it 's the repetition of said behavior
it 's that life stinks
it 's tempting to jump ship in January to avoid ridiculous schlock like this shoddy suspense thriller .
it 's the CliffsNotes with pages missing .
the DV revolution has cheapened the artistry of making a film
will probably make you angry
A full world has been presented onscreen , not
when such a good design turns out to be a cheap knockoff
when such a good design turns out to be a cheap knockoff , we ca n't recommend anything but a rental for The Tuxedo
when the credits finally roll and you get to leave the theater
when the intention is quite the opposite
when the narrator stops yammering
or Monsters , Inc
oppressively heavy
Pinocchio . It might as well have been Problem Child
Pinocchio he directed , cowrote and starred in borders on the grotesque
Worthy of the gong .
Worst
Worst List
deleted
hackneyed in its dialogue
hack Nick Davies
hack-artist trick to give us the ooky-spookies
dismissed heroes would be a film that is n't this painfully forced , false and fabricated .
of Jez Butterworth , who manages to blast even the smallest sensitivities from the romance with his clamorous approach
Portentous and pretentious , The Weight of Water is appropriately titled , given the heavy-handedness of it drama .
Portentous and pretentious
Portentous and pretentious ,
Preposterous
as Vincent became more and more abhorrent
mumbo jumbo
mumbles his way through the movie .
mugging their way through Snow Dogs
mundane soap opera
seems to have been made under the influence of Rohypnol
figure the power-lunchers do n't care to understand
figure out that this is a Mormon family movie , and a sappy , preachy one at that
figure the power-lunchers do n't care to understand ,
figure the power-lunchers do n't care to understand , either
figuring it out would n't make Trouble Every Day any better
The best drug addition movies are usually depressing but rewarding . Quitting , however , manages just to be depressing , as the lead actor phones in his autobiographical performance .
create a ruffle in what is already an erratic career
plain old
plain old bad filmmaking
plain bored
plain lurid
of laziness
has no respect for laws , political correctness or common decency
seems to go out of his way to turn the legendary wit 's classic mistaken identity farce into brutally labored and unfunny hokum
satisfactorily exploit its gender politics , genre thrills or inherent humor
sardonic verve
seems to go out of his way to turn the legendary wit 's classic mistaken identity farce into brutally labored and unfunny hokum .
both shallow and dim-witted
both overplayed and exaggerated
cruelly tormented
cruel as it may sound , he makes Arnold Schwarzenegger look like Spencer Tracy
crushes all the goodwill it otherwise develops .
should be thrown back in the river
should be probing why a guy with his talent ended up in a movie this bad .
... a big , baggy , sprawling carnival of a movie , stretching out before us with little rhyme or reason .
... a bland , pretentious mess .
... Tara Reid plays a college journalist , but she looks like the six-time winner of the Miss Hawaiian Tropic Pageant , so I do n't know what she 's doing in here ...
... ` Some Body ' will appeal to No One .
... Burdette 's collage-form scenario tends to over-romanticize the spiritual desolation of the struggling artiste .
... Hudlin is stuck trying to light a fire with soggy leaves .
... ( a ) strained comedy that jettisons all opportunities for Rock to make his mark by serving up the usual chaotic nonsense .
... ( like ) channel surfing between the Discovery Channel and a late-night made-for-cable action movie .
... a boring parade of talking heads and technical gibberish that will do little to advance the Linux cause .
... a cinematic disaster so inadvertently sidesplitting it 's worth the price of admission for the ridicule factor alone .
Instead of building to a laugh riot we are left with a handful of disparate funny moments of no real consequence .
Instead of a witty expose on the banality and hypocrisy of too much kid-vid , we get an ugly , mean-spirited lashing out by an adult who 's apparently been forced by his kids to watch too many Barney videos .
to face frightening late fees
Costner 's warm-milk persona is just as ill-fitting as Shadyac 's perfunctory directing chops , and some of the more overtly silly dialogue would sink Laurence Olivier
Costner 's warm-milk persona is just as ill-fitting as Shadyac 's perfunctory directing chops , and
Costner 's warm-milk persona is just as ill-fitting as Shadyac 's perfunctory directing chops , and some of the more overtly silly dialogue would sink Laurence Olivier .
Cox offers plenty of glimpses at existing photos , but there are no movies of Nijinsky , so instead the director treats us to an aimless hodgepodge .
Cox offers plenty of glimpses at existing photos , but there are no movies of Nijinsky , so instead the director treats us to an aimless hodgepodge
Will probably stay in the shadow of its two older , more accessible Qatsi siblings .
clocks in at 80 minutes , but feels twice as long
cloaked in gross-out gags
cloaked in the euphemism ` urban drama
And if you appreciate the one-sided theme to Lawrence 's over-indulgent tirade , then knock yourself out and enjoy the big screen postcard that is a self-glorified Martin Lawrence lovefest .
The picture emerges as a surprisingly anemic disappointment .
The picture seems uncertain whether it wants to be an acidic all-male All About Eve or a lush , swooning melodrama in the Intermezzo strain .
The pairing does sound promising in theory ... but their lack of chemistry makes Eddie Murphy and Robert DeNiro in Showtime look like old , familiar vaudeville partners .
The performances are so overstated
Only two-fifths of a satisfying movie experience
Only masochistic moviegoers need apply .
One well-timed explosion in a movie can be a knockout , but a hundred of them can be numbing . Proof of this is Ballistic : Ecks vs . Sever
that you can practically see the Hollywood ` suits ' trying to put together the cast and filmmaking team for the all-too - inevitable American remake
the soullessness
a two star script
It would be churlish to begrudge anyone for receiving whatever consolation that can be found in Dragonfly , yet it is impossible to find the film anything but appalling , shamelessly manipulative and contrived , and totally lacking in conviction
It would be churlish to begrudge anyone for receiving whatever consolation that can be found in Dragonfly , yet it is impossible to find the film anything but appalling , shamelessly manipulative and contrived , and totally lacking in conviction .
It would be churlish to begrudge anyone for receiving whatever consolation that can be found in Dragonfly , yet
that wo n't go away
an audience full of teenagers fixating on its body humour and reinforcement of stereotypes
, it makes me wonder if Lawrence hates criticism so much that he refuses to evaluate his own work .
, it may be because teens are looking for something to make them laugh .
an appalling ` Ace Ventura ' rip-off that somehow manages to bring together Kevin Pollak , former wrestler Chyna and Dolly Parton .
an arthritic attempt at directing by Callie Khouri
of ego
really rattling the viewer
really only exists to try to eke out an emotional tug of the heart , one which it fails to get
one of the film 's stars recently said , a tortuous comment that perfectly illustrates the picture 's moral schizophrenia .
see the attraction for the sole reason that it was hot outside and there was air conditioning inside
by Southern blacks as distilled
As a revenge thriller , the movie is serviceable , but it does n't really deliver the delicious guilty pleasure of the better film versions .
As a tolerable diversion , the film suffices
's peppered with false starts and populated by characters who are nearly impossible to care about
Hrs
abysmal Hannibal
Human Nature is a goofball movie , in the way that Malkovich was , but it tries too hard
film that leaves you scratching your head in amazement over the fact that so many talented people could participate in such an ill-advised and poorly
quirky traits lifted from a screenwriter 's outline and thrown at actors charged with the impossible task of making them jell
would take a complete moron to foul up a screen adaptation of Oscar Wilde 's classic satire
quite as unpleasant as some of the people in his life
quite bad
pinheads
pinheads who talk throughout the show
pinheads who talk throughout the show .
piss on trees
piss on trees ,
piss on trees , b .
Lacks the spirit of the previous two , and makes all those jokes about hos and even more unmentionable subjects seem like mere splashing around in the muck .
Lacks the visual flair and bouncing bravado that characterizes better hip-hop clips and is content to recycle images and characters that were already tired 10 years ago
Lacks the spirit of the previous two , and makes all those jokes about hos and even more unmentionable subjects seem like mere splashing around in the muck
Lacks the spirit of the previous two , and
Lacks the spirit of the previous two , and makes all those jokes about hos
Lacks the spirit of the previous two
Lacks the spirit of the previous two ,
Lacks dramatic punch and depth
Lacks dramatic punch and depth .
the more problematic aspects
being a complete waste of time
the most awful acts
the most awful acts are committed
trying to predict when a preordained '' big moment '' will occur
, poorly dubbed dialogue and murky cinematography
is shallow , offensive and redundant
, poorly written , murky and weakly acted , the picture feels as if everyone making it lost their movie mojo .
is silly .
avoids the obvious
is a variant of the nincompoop benigni persona
is a technological exercise that lacks juice and delight
The humor is n't as sharp
The holiday message of the 37-minute Santa vs. the Snowman leaves a lot to be desired .
The images lack contrast , are murky and are frequently too dark to be decipherable .
drab wannabe
drab romp
A didactic and dull documentary glorifying software anarchy .
A disappointment
A didactic and dull documentary glorifying software
A dark , dull thriller
A dark , dull thriller with a parting
same path
same option to slap her creators because they 're clueless and inept
same sleep-inducing effects
A cumbersome and cliche-ridden movie
coma
collapses like an overcooked souffl
collapses
cold-hearted
cold
Roman Coppola may never become the filmmaker his Dad was , but heck -- few filmmakers will
Run for your lives
Run for your lives !
The stories here suffer from the chosen format .
the intimate and ultimately tragic heartache
The film 's almost unbearable portrait of sadness and grief
The film 's almost unbearable portrait
of abuse
this white-trash satire
was perplexed to watch it unfold with an astonishing lack of passion or uniqueness
was perplexed to watch it unfold with an astonishing lack of passion or uniqueness .
those of us who do n't object to the description '' unelected '' have suspected all along : George W . Bush
anybody picked it up . Wiser souls would have tactfully pretended not to see it and left it lying there
of cliches that shoplifts shamelessly from farewell-to-innocence movies like the wanderers and a bronx tale without cribbing any of their intelligence
of cheesy coincidences and voluptuous cheap effects
of cheese , with a sickly sweet coating to disguise its excrescence until just after ( or during ) consumption of its second half
of cliches
The Piano Teacher is anything but fun .
The Piano Teacher is the sort of movie that discourages American audiences from ever wanting to see another foreign film .
The Other Side of Heaven that subtly undermines its message of Christian love and compassion
The Ring makes its stupidity more than obvious .
The Ring just left me cold and wet like I was out in the Seattle drizzle without rainwear .
try to create characters out of the obvious cliches , but wind up using them as punching bags
sad ,
as watching your neighbor 's home videos
as two-day old porridge ... the filmmakers ' paws , sad to say , were all over this
as unpleasant
as to where the story 's going , or how long it 's going to take to get there
as though Jay Roach directed the film from the back of a taxicab
as threatening as the Snuggle Fabric Softener bear
The plot is paper-thin and the characters are n't interesting enough to watch them go about their daily activities for two whole hours .
this sucker
stake , just a twisty double-cross you can smell a mile away
as lame and sophomoric
through this mess
unfunny when it tries to makes us laugh and desperately unsuspenseful when it tries to make us jump out of our seats
complete and utter
complete and utter lack
complete with blade-thin characters
complete with blade-thin characters and
complete failure
complete misses
complete with blade-thin characters and terrible , pun-laden dialogue
, but it moves fast enough to cover its clunky dialogue and lapses in logic .
's mindless junk like this that makes you appreciate original romantic comedies like Punch-Drunk Love
's mildly sentimental , unabashedly consumerist ... studiously inoffensive and completely disposable .
's mindless junk like this that makes you appreciate original romantic comedies like Punch-Drunk Love .
's mildly sentimental , unabashedly consumerist ... studiously inoffensive and completely disposable
think it 's in projects like the -LRB- unfortunately R-rated -RRB- Paid .
a straight-to-video movie
a story that tries to grab us , only to keep letting go at all the wrong moments
used the film as a bonus feature on the DVD
wanders all over the map thematically and stylistically ,
wallowing in bibi 's generic angst
At nearly three hours , the whole of Safe Conduct is less than the sum of its parts .
wanders
walked away
a blind man directing a film
a bloody mess .
Shunji Iwai 's All About Lily Chou Chou is a beautifully shot , but ultimately flawed film about growing up in Japan .
Time literally stops on a dime in the tries-so-hard-to-be-cool '' Clockstoppers , '' but that does n't mean it still wo n't feel like the longest 90 minutes of your movie-going life
Time literally stops on a dime in the tries-so-hard-to-be-cool '' Clockstoppers , '' but that does n't mean it still wo n't feel like the longest 90 minutes of your movie-going life .
Tinseltown assembly line
Time of Favor could have given audiences the time of day by concentrating on the elements of a revealing alienation among a culture of people who sadly are at hostile odds with one another through recklessness and retaliation .
Time stands still in more ways that one in Clockstoppers , a sci-fi thriller as lazy as it is interminable .
To Blandly Go Where We Went 8 Movies Ago ...
To and Wai Ka Fai are ) sure to find an enthusiastic audience among American action-adventure buffs , but the film 's interests
a bit disjointed
a big time stinker
lumbering , wheezy
lulls you into a gentle waking coma
lulls you into a gentle waking coma .
lulled into a coma
lulls you
lulled
although the smeary digital video does match the muddled narrative
an acrid
an acrid test
anyone could desire to the cheap , graceless , hackneyed sci-fi serials of the '30s and '40s
anybody who has ever seen an independent film can report that it is instead a cheap cliché
An awkwardly garish showcase that diverges from anything remotely probing or penetrating .
An awful lot like one of ( Spears ' ) music videos in content -- except that it goes on for at least 90 more minutes and , worse , that you have to pay if you want to see it .
An awkwardly garish showcase that diverges from anything
An awkwardly garish showcase
to his series of spectacular belly flops both on and off the screen
The things this movie tries to get the audience to buy just
The thing just never gets off the ground .
savor whenever the film 's lamer instincts are in the saddle
The things this movie tries to get the audience to buy just wo n't fly with most intelligent viewers .
B '
Ayurveda does the field no favors
Awful
Automatically pegs itself for the straight-to-video sci-fi rental shelf .
an underachiever ,
artificial as the video games
of holes and completely lacking in chills .
an underachiever
becomes a questionable kind of inexcusable dumb innocence
becomes a hopeless , unsatisfying muddle
becomes a tiresome cliché
becomes a sprawl of uncoordinated vectors .
becomes a sprawl of uncoordinated vectors
becomes increasingly implausible as it races
Like those to Rome , all roads in The Banger Sisters inevitably lead to a joke about Hawn 's breasts , which constantly threaten to upstage the woman sporting them .
Like you could n't smell this turkey rotting from miles away
Lily Chou-Chou never really builds up a head of emotional steam .
This is one of the biggest disappointments of the year .
This is not a classical dramatic animated feature , nor a hip , contemporary , in-jokey one .
Lonely
, self-indulgent and maddening
's just filler .
's just a movie that happens to have Jackie Chan in it .
's just that it 's so not-at-all-good
's just merely very bad .
's just that it 's so not-at-all-good .
butchered in A.I.
Deuces Wild , which was shot two years ago , has been gathering dust on MGM 's shelf
Despite the opulent lushness of every scene , the characters never seem to match the power of their surroundings .
Deuces Wild is an encyclopedia of cliches that shoplifts shamelessly from farewell-to-innocence movies like The Wanderers and A Bronx Tale without cribbing any of their intelligence .
and uninspired .
and totally disorientated
, self-hating , self-destructive ways
None of this has the suavity or classical familiarity of Bond , but
None of this sounds promising
None of this sounds promising and
None of this sounds promising and ,
One well-timed explosion in a movie can be a knockout , but a hundred of them can be numbing
None of this sounds promising and , indeed , the first half of Sorority Boys is as appalling as any ` comedy ' to ever spill from a projector 's lens .
One-sided documentary offers simplistic explanations to a very complex situation .
He has not learnt that storytelling is what the movies are about
He fails .
He 's not good with people .
He 's a mouse , for cryin ' out loud , and all he does is milk it with despondent eyes and whine that nobody treats him human enough
's kind of insulting ,
's lacking a depth in storytelling usually found in anime like this
sketchy
sketchy but nevertheless
time waster '
the bottom rung of the series ' entries
the border of bemused contempt
the brainless insanity
have been any easier to sit through than this hastily dubbed disaster
have been a painless time-killer becomes instead a grating endurance test
have been astronomically bad
Considering the harsh locations and demanding stunts , this must have been a difficult shoot , but the movie proves rough going for the audience as well
one baaaaaaaaad movie
one among a multitude of simple-minded
one big , dumb action movie
One of the most depressing movie-going experiences I can think of is to sit through about 90 minutes of a so-called ` comedy ' and not laugh once .
subtler than Norman Jewison 's 1975 ultraviolent futuristic corporate-sports saga . It 's also stupider
It 's as flat as an open can of pop left sitting in the sun .
It 's another video movie photographed like a film , with the bad lighting that 's often written off as indie film naturalism .
It 's another stale , kill-by-numbers flick , complete with blade-thin characters and terrible , pun-laden dialogue .
It 's an awfully derivative story .
It 's also stupider
It 's also heavy-handed and devotes too much time to bigoted views .
is what keeps this slightly disappointing sequel going , with enough amusing banter -- blessedly curse-free -- to keep both kids and parents entertained .
is no '' Waterboy ! ''
an unsettlingly familiar figure --
very talented but underutilized
One look at a girl in tight pants and big tits and you turn stupid ? '' Um ... is n't that the basis for the entire plot ?
One of the most depressing movie-going experiences I can think of
that might be best forgotten
It 's coherent , well shot , and tartly acted , but it wears you down like a dinner guest showing off his doctorate .
because it 's lousy
would work much better as a one-hour TV documentary .
picked it up . Wiser souls would have tactfully pretended not to see it and
a grisly corpse
Silly stuff , all mixed up together like a term paper from a kid who ca n't quite distinguish one sci-fi work from another
in pain
would tax Einstein 's brain .
with a story that tries to grab us , only to keep letting go at all the wrong moments
shockingly devoid
embarrassingly
embarrassing script
embarrassing movie
embarrassing
Though Perry and Hurley make inspiring efforts to breathe life into the disjointed , haphazard script by Jay Scherick and David Ronn , neither the actors nor director Reginald Hudlin can make it more than fitfully entertaining .
Though a bit of a patchwork in script and production
Though clearly well-intentioned , this cross-cultural soap opera is painfully formulaic and stilted .
us to forget most of the film 's problems
have forsaken the entertaining elements of the original
have done so
have dumped a whole lot of plot in favor of ... outrageous gags
of last summer 's bloated effects
have failed
The main problem being that it 's only a peek
the story and ensuing complications are too manipulative
puerile men dominate the story
analyze this movie in three words : Thumbs Friggin ' Down
to being too bleak , too pessimistic and too unflinching for its own good
as it is , it 's too long and unfocused
brazen enough to attempt to pass this stinker off as a scary movie
assess the quality of the manipulative engineering . Average , at best , I 'm afraid
grief drives her
disposable , kitchen-sink homage that illustrates why the whole is so often less than the sum of its parts in today 's Hollywood
disrobed most of the cast ,
distasteful
the franchise 's best years are long past
want to leave your date behind for this one
notorious c . h . o
notorious c . h . o . has oodles of vulgar highlights .
historic scandal
hit that may strain adult credibility
hit that may strain adult credibility .
is nothing outstanding about this film
is not the director at his most sparkling
get an ugly , mean-spirited lashing out by an adult who 's apparently been forced by his kids to watch too many Barney videos
get an ugly , mean-spirited lashing
of Latin America 's most oppressive regimes
occasionally cloying
of Fear
a movie with a ` children 's ' song that includes the line ` My stepdad 's not mean , he 's just adjusting '
feeling compromised
feeling pandered to , which , in the end , might be all the more infuriating
puzzle his most ardent fans
puzzle his most ardent fans .
putrid writing , direction and timing with a smile that says , ` If I stay positive , maybe I can channel one of my greatest pictures , Drunken Master . '
puts Washington , as honest working man John Q . Archibald , on a pedestal , then keeps lifting the pedestal higher
putting the toilet seat
, no-frills ride
, not as gloriously flippant as Lock , Stock and Two Smoking Barrels ,
, not as gloriously flippant as Lock , Stock and Two Smoking Barrels
the unnamed , easily substitutable forces
the unnamed , easily substitutable forces that serve as whatever terror the heroes of horror movies try to avoid
the unfulfilling , incongruous
was ever a movie where the upbeat ending feels like a copout
The film 's hero is a bore and his innocence soon becomes a questionable kind of inexcusable dumb innocence
The film 's hero is a bore and his innocence soon becomes a questionable kind of inexcusable dumb innocence .
The film 's maudlin focus on the young woman 's infirmity and her naive dreams play like the worst kind of Hollywood heart-string plucking .
The film 's most improbable feat ? It did n't go straight to video .
The film 's needlessly opaque intro
The film 's needlessly opaque intro takes its doe-eyed Crudup out of pre-9 \ \/ 11 New York and onto a cross-country road trip of the Homeric kind .
looks like an action movie , but it 's so poorly made , on all levels , that it does n't even qualify as a spoof of such .
looks like an action movie , but it 's so poorly made , on all levels , that it does n't even qualify as a spoof of such
looks fake
looks like an episode of the TV show Blind Date , only less technically proficient and without the pop-up comments .
looks like an episode of the TV show Blind Date , only less technically proficient and without the pop-up comments
, the movie grows boring despite the scenery .
muddled and offensive cautionary tale
much too big
much too big for its britches
muddled and offensive
Wobbly
Lacking substance and soul , Crossroads comes up shorter than Britney 's cutoffs .
quickie teen-pop exploitation
quickly snowballs out of
Lacking substance and soul
Lacking gravitas , MacDowell is a placeholder for grief , and ergo this sloppy drama is an empty vessel . Leave these Flowers unpicked -- they 're dead on the vine .
Witless and utterly pointless .
faking some pretty cool stunts but a complete failure
faking some pretty cool stunts but a complete failure at trying to create some pretty cool characters
... the picture 's cleverness is ironically muted by the very people who are intended to make it shine
labored gags
are missing -- anything approaching a visceral kick , and anything approaching even a vague reason to sit through it all .
of the fate that lies in store for moviegoers lured to the mediocrity that is Kung Pow : Enter the Fist
of the film that shows a stationary camera on a subject that could be mistaken for giving a public oration , rather than contributing to a film 's narrative
described as a ghost story gone badly awry .
described as sci-fi generic
described as a ghost story gone badly awry
deserve a passing grade ( even on a curve )
But even then , I 'd recommend waiting for DVD and just skipping straight to her scenes .
performance - ahem
But even a hero can stumble sometimes .
with nothing original in the way of slapstick sequences
the attempt to complicate the story
the attempt to complicate the story only defies credibility
I was out in the Seattle drizzle without rainwear
I was looking for something hard with which to bludgeon myself unconscious .
I was glad when it was over
I want a little more than this
I tried to read the time on my watch .
I thought my own watch had stopped keeping time as I slogged my way through Clockstoppers .
I was perplexed to watch it unfold with an astonishing lack of passion or uniqueness .
Things really get weird , though not particularly scary
They threw loads of money at an idea that should 've been so much more even if it was only made for teenage boys and wrestling fans .
Things really get weird , though not particularly scary : the movie is all portent and no content
Things really get weird , though not particularly scary :
Things really get weird , though not particularly scary : the movie is all portent and no content .
Think The Lion King redone for horses , with fewer deliberate laughs , more inadvertent ones and stunningly trite songs by Bryan Adams , the world 's most generic rock star .
puts flimsy flicks like this behind bars
A direct-to-void release ,
demented
so many literary and cinematic sources that this future world feels absolutely deja vu
so mediocre
so much anyone can do with a florid , overplotted , Anne Rice rock 'n' roll vampire novel before the built-in silliness of the whole affair defeats them
so mired in juvenile and near-xenophobic pedagogy that it 's enough to make one pine for the day when Godard can no longer handle the rigors of filmmaking
sharp , overmanipulative Hollywood practices
Thoughtless , random , superficial humour
Thoughtless , random , superficial humour and
Thoughtless
Thoughtless ,
Though the book runs only about 300 pages , it is so densely packed ... that even an ambitious adaptation and elaborate production like Mr. Schepisi 's seems skimpy and unclear
Though the book runs only about 300 pages , it is so densely packed ... that even an ambitious adaptation and elaborate production like Mr. Schepisi 's seems skimpy and unclear .
Oh come on .
Often silly -- and gross -- but it 's rarely as moronic as some campus gross-out films .
Often lingers just as long on the irrelevant as on the engaging , which gradually turns What Time Is It There ?
to overwhelm everything else
A direct-to-void release , heading nowhere
for the viewer who has to contend with unpleasant characters , hit-and-miss performances and awkwardly staged scenes
for the ways in which it studiously avoids provoking thought
for the way it fritters away its potentially interesting subject matter via a banal script , unimpressive acting and indifferent direction
, contrived , overblown , and entirely implausible
, contrived plotting , stereotyped characters and Woo 's over-the-top instincts as a director undermine the moral dilemma at the movie 's heart .
, carries a little too much ai n't - she-cute baggage into her lead role as a troubled and determined homicide cop to quite pull off the heavy stuff .
, clarity matters , both in breaking codes and making movies . Enigma lacks it .
, cliche-ridden
, cliched and clunky
, clumsily staged violence overshadows everything , including most of the actors .
send this ill-conceived folly to sleep with the fishes
send the viewers home
send this ill-conceived folly
that knot from dramatic tension or a symptom of artistic malnutrition
that lacks juice and delight
to adopt a somewhat mannered tone ... that ultimately dulls the human tragedy at the story 's core
for a yarn that 's ultimately rather inconsequential
that leaves vague impressions and a nasty aftertaste but little clear memory of its operational mechanics
A film of empty , fetishistic violence in which murder is casual and fun .
A film of empty , fetishistic violence in which murder is casual and fun
A few energetic stunt sequences briefly enliven the film , but the wheezing terrorist subplot has n't the stamina for the 100-minute running time , and the protagonists ' bohemian boorishness mars the spirit of good clean fun
A few zingers aside , the writing is indifferent , and Jordan Brady 's direction is prosaic .
that it treats conspiracy as a kind of political blair witch , a monstrous murk that haunts us precisely because it can never be seen
estranged
This slight premise
This rush to profits
of why the DV revolution has cheapened the artistry of making a film
typical Pax
suspend their disbelief only so far
suspects that Craven endorses They simply because this movie makes his own look much better by comparison
is instead a tepid waste of time and talent .
is insufficiently enlightening and inviting
is instead a tepid waste of time and talent
is that it progresses in such a low-key manner that it risks monotony .
his boisterous energy fails to spark this leaden comedy
messy and frustrating
messy and
messy and frustrating ,
his aversion
attempts to wear down possible pupils through repetition
walked out muttering words like `` horrible '' and `` terrible
walked away not really know who `` they '' were , what `` they '' looked like
walked away from this new version of E.T.
the dumbest ,
like a wet stick of dynamite
admittedly limited extent
like a classroom play in a college history course
like a beautiful food entrée that is n't heated properly , so that it ends up a bit cold and relatively flavorless
like a badly edited , 91-minute trailer ( and ) the director ca n't seem to get a coherent rhythm going
to sag in certain places
to see one reduce it to an idea that fits in a sampler
to see another car chase , explosion or gunfight again
say that -- on the basis of this film alone -- I 'm not one of them
say the ingredients do n't quite add up to a meal
as exciting to watch as two last-place basketball
as exciting to watch as two last-place basketball teams
as funny nor as charming as it thinks it is
as generic as its title
as funny nor
as glum as Mr . De Niro
say whether The Tuxedo is more boring or embarrassing
fang-baring lullaby
fancy themselves too sophisticated for the cheese-laced spectacles that pack 'em in on the subcontinent
or `` suck ''
or maybe `` How will you feel after an 88-minute rip-off of The Rock with action confined to slo-mo gun firing and random glass-shattering ? ''
, worse ,
original and , instead , rehash old jokes
with the unexplained baboon cameo
we really need a 77-minute film to tell us exactly why a romantic relationship between a 15-year-old boy and a 40-year-old woman does n't work ?
reality shows for God 's sake
reality tv obsession
real clunker .
realistically nuanced a Robert De Niro performance can be when he is not more lucratively engaged in the shameless self-caricature of ` Analyze This ' ( 1999 ) and ` Analyze That , ' promised ( or threatened ) for later this year
reality shows -- reality shows for God 's sake !
real snooze .
a stock plot
vanity project
some blondes , ( Diggs ) should be probing why a guy with his talent ended up in a movie this bad .
is really bad
is really bad .
is rather like viewing a long soap opera in which only the first episode was any good
is rather like viewing a long soap opera in which only the first episode was any good .
is really closer to porn than a serious critique of what 's wrong with this increasingly pervasive aspect of gay culture .
is really closer to porn than a serious critique of what 's wrong with this increasingly pervasive aspect of gay culture
Murphy recycles Murphy ,
Murder by Numbers just does n't add up .
Bad . Very bad . Stultifyingly , dumbfoundingly
Bad . Very bad . Stultifyingly ,
Bad . Very bad
Bad .
Bad . Very bad . Stultifyingly
Bad . Very bad .
Bad '' is the operative word for '' Bad Company , '' and
Bad '' is the operative word for '' Bad Company , ''
Bad '' is the operative word for '' Bad Company , '' and I do n't mean that in a good way .
Bad '' is the operative word for '' Bad Company , '' and I do n't mean that in a good way
Still , it gets the job done -- a sleepy afternoon rental .
Stupid
Snide
Snide and
Snide and Prejudice
Snide and Prejudice .
the sort of burly action flick where one coincidence pummels another
Feels less like a change in ( Herzog 's ) personal policy than a half-hearted fluke .
-- 10 or 15 minutes could be cut and no one would notice --
Feels more like a rejected X-Files episode than a credible account of a puzzling real-life happening .
like a year late for tapping into our reality tv obsession , and even tardier for exploiting the novelty of the '' webcast
like a tired Tyco ad
like a temperamental child begging for attention , giving audiences no reason to truly care for its decrepit freaks beyond the promise of a reprieve from their incessant whining .
like a temperamental child begging for attention , giving audiences no reason to truly care for its decrepit freaks beyond the promise of a reprieve from their incessant whining
like a teenybopper Ed Wood film , replete with the pubescent scandalous innuendo and the high-strung but flaccid drama
like a surgeon mends a broken heart ; very meticulously but without any passion
like a side dish no one ordered
yielded such a flat , plodding picture
see one of those comedies that just seem like a bad idea from frame one
yet story , character and comedy bits are too ragged to ever fit smoothly together
yet this grating showcase
For a film that 's being advertised as a comedy , Sweet Home Alabama is n't as funny as you 'd hoped .
It 's plotless , shapeless -- and yet , it must be admitted , not entirely humorless .
-- sadly --
just a suspension of disbelief .
just a little bit too precious at the start and a little too familiar at the end
super - violent , super-serious and super-stupid
Davis has energy , but she does n't bother to make her heroine 's book sound convincing , the gender-war ideas original , or the comic scenes fly
learns her place as a girl , softens up and loses some of the intensity that made her an interesting character to begin with
learns her place as a girl , softens up and loses some of the intensity that made her an interesting character to begin with .
's only so much anyone can do with a florid , overplotted , Anne Rice rock 'n' roll vampire novel before the built-in silliness of the whole affair defeats them .
's only fair in the interest of full disclosure to say that -- on the basis of this film alone -- I 'm not one of them
's only one thing to root for : expulsion for everyone .
's one thing this world needs less of
The art demands live viewing . The innate theatrics that provide its thrills and extreme emotions lose their luster when flattened onscreen
The attempt to build up a pressure cooker of horrified awe
The attempt to build up a pressure cooker of horrified awe emerges from the simple fact that the movie has virtually nothing to show .
awkward and
awkward and ironic
awfully
awkward Hitchcockian theme
pained
painful , obnoxious
painfully awful
painfully bad
painfully flat
painfully flat gross-out comedy
painfully foolish in trying to hold onto what 's left of his passe ' chopsocky glory
painfully forced
painfully forced ,
painfully forced , false and fabricated
can withstand not only inept school productions , but even Oliver Parker 's movie adaptation
, it already has one strike against it .
, it certainly got lost in the '' soon-to-be-forgettable '' section of the quirky rip-off prison romp pile .
, it 's the worst movie I 've seen this summer
, it comes off as only occasionally satirical and never fresh .
our reality tv obsession , and even
our reality tv obsession ,
our dismay
just a twisty double-cross
just a twisty double-cross you can smell a mile away
just as frightening and disturbing -- even punishing
with the weak payoff
some bad singer-turned actors
somber pacing and lack
given a working over
give each other the willies
for the most part this is a dull , dour documentary on what ought to be a joyful or at least fascinating subject
, Windtalkers seems to have ransacked every old World War II movie for overly familiar material .
, Wilson remains a silent , lumpish cipher
, Welcome to Collinwood never catches fire .
, Ultimate X is the gabbiest giant-screen movie ever , bogging down in a barrage of hype .
The Chateau belongs to Rudd , whose portrait of a therapy-dependent flakeball spouting French malapropisms ...
with too little
set in a world that is very , very far from the one most of us
superfluous Notting Hill
ploddingly melodramatic structure
plight and isolation
achingly sad
acidity
is so poorly paced you could fit all of Pootie Tang in between its punchlines .
is so prolonged and boring
is so often less
is so often less than the sum of its parts in today 's Hollywood
is so much plodding sensitivity
is so pedestrian that the most positive comment we can make is that Rob Schneider actually turns in a pretty convincing performance as a prissy teenage girl .
is so poorly paced you could fit all of Pootie Tang in between its punchlines
is so pedestrian that the most positive comment we can make is that Rob Schneider actually turns in a pretty convincing performance as a prissy teenage girl
groan
groan and hiss
the question remains whether this should , indeed , have been presented as a theatrical release .
the quality of the manipulative engineering . Average , at best , I 'm afraid
actors you 're most likely to find on the next inevitable incarnation of The Love Boat
actor to lead a group of talented friends astray
realized this is a throwaway movie that wo n't stand the test of time
realize that it is made up of three episodes of a rejected TV show .
realize that it is made up of three episodes of a rejected TV show
really , we 've been here , done that
the tries-so-hard-to-be-cool `` Clockstoppers
been titled ` The Loud and the Ludicrous '
been so painful to sit through
been sitting naked on an igloo
been scripted by someone who just graduated from elementary school
its good qualities are obscured
its highfalutin title and corkscrew narrative
overexposed
overeager
overcomes the script 's flaws and envelops the audience in his character 's anguish , anger and frustration .
overdone
slovenly life
another car chase , explosion
this stinker
cliche-riddled but
too much forced drama in this wildly uneven movie , about a young man 's battle with his inescapable past and uncertain future in a very shapable but largely unfulfilling present
too much exploitation and too little art
too much exploitation and too little
too much exploitation and
too much exploitation
too much ai n't - she-cute baggage into her lead role as a troubled and determined homicide cop to quite pull off the heavy stuff
too much Norma Rae and not enough Pretty Woman
This film looks like it was produced in 1954 , shelved for 48 years , and repackaged for a 2002 audience .
This film was made to get laughs from the slowest person in the audience -- just pure slapstick with lots of inane , inoffensive screaming and exaggerated facial expressions .
This film is full of rabbits . Brimful . But like most rabbits , it seems to lack substance .
This film is so slick , superficial and trend-hoppy , that it 's easy to imagine that a new software program spit out the screenplay .
This formulaic chiller
This formulaic chiller will do little to boost Stallone 's career .
This goofy gangster yarn never really elevates itself from being yet another earnestly generic crime-busting comic vehicle -- a well-intentioned remake that shows some spunk and promise but fails to register as anything distinctive or daring
as an old pickup skidding completely out of control on a long patch of black ice
as an addictive guilty pleasure but the material never overcomes its questionable satirical ambivalence . This Scarlet 's letter is A ... as in aimless , arduous , and arbitrary
as an all-inclusive world where uptight , middle class bores like Antonia can feel good about themselves
this sort of stop-go slow motion that makes the gang rumbles look like they 're being streamed
tadpole is emblematic of the witless ageism afflicting films
this specious
visually unattractive , unbearably loud and utterly silly
Exploits ( headbanger )
Expect no major discoveries , nor any stylish sizzle ,
Even though the film does n't manage to hit all of its marks
Even in the summertime , the most restless young audience deserves the dignity of an action hero motivated by something more than franchise possibilities .
an innocuous game of fill-in - the-blanks with a tragic past
an innocuous game of fill-in -
an innocuous game of fill-in
about pretty much nothing
about seeing an American football stadium nuked as pop entertainment
in truth , cruel as it may sound , he makes Arnold Schwarzenegger look like Spencer Tracy
in undergraduate doubling subtexts and ridiculous stabs
in watching a child suffer
scratching your head
scratch a hole in your head
scorchingly plotted dramatic scenario
this sloppy drama is an empty vessel .
, then takes too long figuring out what to do next .
, their struggle is simply too ludicrous and borderline insulting
, the worse it gets
, the viewer is n't reacting to humor so much as they are wincing back in repugnance .
, the true creativity would have been to hide Treasure Planet entirely and completely reimagine it .
, the tricks alone are not enough to salvage this lifeless boxing film .
If H . G . Wells had a time machine and could take a look at his kin 's reworked version , what would he say ? ` It looks good , Sonny , but you missed the point .
If H . G . Wells had a time machine and could take a look at his kin 's reworked version , what would he say ? ` It looks good , Sonny , but you missed the point . '
If H . G . Wells had a time machine and could take a look at his kin 's reworked version , what would he say ? ` It looks good , Sonny , but
If H . G . Wells had a time machine and could take a look at his kin 's reworked version , what would he say ? ` It looks good , Sonny , but you missed the point
If Borstal Boy is n't especially realistic
causing significant harm and not smelly enough to bother despising
the Chelsea Hotel today is populated by whiny , pathetic , starving and untalented artistes
Sinks into the usual cafeteria goulash of fart jokes , masturbation jokes , and racist Japanese jokes
the Canadian 's inane ramblings
that 's barely shocking , barely interesting and most of all , barely anything
Sinks so low in a poorly played game of absurd plot twists , idiotic court maneuvers and stupid characters that even Freeman ca n't save it .
a stunningly unoriginal premise
Their contrast is neither dramatic nor comic
a category called Best Bad Film You Thought Was Going To Be Really Awful But Was n't
a certain kind of horror movie to qualify as ` worse than expected
Theological matters aside , the movie is so clumsily sentimental and ineptly directed it may leave you speaking in tongues .
walked out muttering words like '' horrible '' and '' terrible , ''
Wallace directs with such patronising reverence
Wallace , who wrote Gibson 's Braveheart as well as the recent Pearl Harbor , has such an irrepressible passion for sappy situations and dialogue
Wanderers and A Bronx Tale
corrupt and hedonistic weasels
takes up drugs and winds up in an institution
walked the delicate tightrope between farcical and loathsome .
of sophisticated , challenging filmmaking that stands , despite its noticeable lack of emotional heft , in welcome contrast to the indulgent dead-end experimentation of the director 's previous Full Frontal
wooden delivery
-- even more damning --
-- farts , boobs , unmentionables --
of the great crimes
-- even as they are being framed in conversation -- Max is static , stilted .
wretchedly unfunny wannabe comedy
should offer a free ticket ( second prize , of course , two free tickets ) to anyone who can locate a genuinely honest moment in their movie .
should offer a free ticket ( second prize , of course , two free tickets ) to anyone who can locate a genuinely honest moment in their movie
personal tragedy
personal tragedy and
any of these despicable characters
Jane learns her place as a girl , softens up and loses some of the intensity that made her an interesting character to begin with .
the feel of something tossed off quickly ( like one of Hubert 's punches )
the feel of poetic tragedy
finally has failed him .
the fate that lies in store for moviegoers lured to the mediocrity that is Kung Pow : Enter the Fist
's not much more watchable than a Mexican soap opera
's not nearly as fresh or enjoyable as its predecessor
's not entirely memorable
's not exactly worth
's not only dull
's not only dull because we 've seen ( Eddie ) Murphy do the genial-rogue shtick to death , but because the plot is equally hackneyed
Dahmer
Dangerous
The entire movie is about a boring , sad man being boring and sad .
the impression the creators of Do n't Ask Do n't Tell laughed a hell of a lot at their own jokes
a curious sick poetry ,
stretched to barely feature length ,
stretched to barely feature length
strenuously unfunny Showtime deserves the hook .
stretched over the nearly 80-minute running time
stretched out to feature
stretched beyond its limits to fill an almost feature-length film .
stretched beyond its limits to fill an almost feature-length film
Flawed but
their way around this movie directionless
he loses his focus when he concentrates on any single person
deeply out of place in what could have
defeated the film ... It was the unfulfilling , incongruous , `` wait a second
an inferior level
degraded , handheld Blair Witch video-cam footage
why the cast and crew did n't sign a pact to burn the negative and the script and pretend the whole thing never existed
a shameless ` 70s blaxploitation shuck-and-jive sitcom
a shabby script
a serious urge to grab the old lady at the end of my aisle 's walker and toss it at the screen in frustration
demonstrate that his pathology evolved from human impulses that grew hideously twisted
denying
Ms. Shreve 's novel proved too difficult a text to ` lick , ' despite the efforts of a first-rate cast .
wrote Patch Adams , for which he should not be forgiven
written using Mad-libs
heard a mysterious voice , and felt myself powerfully drawn toward the light -- the light of the exit sign
in its adherence to the Disney philosophy of required poignancy , a salute that I 'd hoped the movie would avoid
It has no affect on the Kurds , but it wore me down .
It has no affect on the Kurds , but it wore me down
work as an addictive guilty pleasure but the material never overcomes its questionable satirical ambivalence . This Scarlet 's letter is A ... as in aimless , arduous , and arbitrary
work as shallow entertainment ,
to generate any interest in an unsympathetic hero caught up in an intricate plot that while cleverly worked out , can not overcome blah characters
to function according to some set of believable and comprehensible impulses , no matter how many drugs they do or how much artistic license Avary employs
to frighten
almost stops the blood flow to your brain
along looking for astute observations and coming up blank
along in a dazed and enervated , drenched-in-the - past numbness .
alone are not enough to salvage this lifeless boxing film .
The Pianist does not
The problem with concept films is that if the concept is a poor one , there 's no saving the movie . Sorry , Charlie
The premise is in extremely bad taste , and the film 's supposed insights are so poorly thought-out and substance-free that even a high school senior taking his or her first psychology class could dismiss them .
The premise is in extremely bad taste , and the film 's supposed insights are so poorly thought-out and substance-free that even a high school senior taking his or her first psychology class could dismiss them
The premise is in extremely bad taste , and
The premise is in extremely bad taste ,
The problem is that the movie has no idea of it is serious or not .
The problem is n't that the movie hits so close to home so much as that it hits close to home while engaging in such silliness as that snake-down-the-throat business and the inevitable shot of Schwarzenegger outrunning a fireball .
The premise is overshadowed by the uberviolence of the Clericks as this becomes just another kung-fu sci-fi movie with silly action sequences .
it 's disastrous
it 's difficult not to cuss him out severely for bungling the big stuff
that Jim Brown treats his women -- as dumb , credulous , unassuming , subordinate subjects
that I wasted 123 minutes and $ 9.50 on this 21st century
it 's at least watchable
it 's been packaged and sold back to us by Hollywood
it 's certainly not a champion
` Slackers '
this is the kind of material where the filmmakers should be very careful about raising eyebrows
this is the sort of infantile that makes you wonder about changing the director and writer 's diapers
, nasty , glibly cynical
can also seem tedious
can also sometimes come across like nothing more than a glorified Nike ad
can also sometimes come across like nothing more than a glorified Nike ad .
can alienate even the savviest audiences .
can already be seen on television
can be gleaned from this three-hour endurance test built around an hour 's worth of actual material
can be made on the cheap .
this silly con job
juvenile and near-xenophobic
justify its two-hour running time
just waits grimly for the next shock without developing much attachment to the characters .
This is n't a '' Friday '' worth waiting for .
achieves near virtuosity in its crapulence
accuse Kung Pow for misfiring , since it is exactly what it wants to be : an atrociously , mind-numbingly , indescribably bad movie . Unfortunately
appears to have been made by people to whom the idea of narrative logic or cohesion is an entirely foreign concept .
appears to have been modeled on the worst revenge-of-the-nerds clichés the filmmakers could dredge up
appears not to have been edited at all
appears to have been made by people to whom the idea of narrative logic or cohesion is an entirely foreign concept
appears jagged , as if filmed directly from a television monitor , while the extensive use of stock footage quickly becomes a tiresome cliché
appears jagged , as if filmed directly from a television monitor , while the extensive use of stock footage quickly becomes a tiresome cliché .
appears miserable throughout as he swaggers through his scenes
is a big letdown
irony
Van Wilder does little that is actually funny with the material
flat , misguided comedy
to an aimless hodgepodge
to all of this unpleasantness
to add to the canon of Chan . Make Chan 's action sequences boring
flat , misguided comedy .
schaeffer has to find some hook on which to hang his persistently useless movies , and
schaeffer has to find some hook on which to hang his persistently useless movies ,
You can see the would-be surprises coming a mile away , and
You can see the would-be surprises coming a mile away , and the execution of these twists is delivered with a hammer . Thumbs down
You can see the would-be surprises coming a mile away , and the execution of these twists is delivered with a hammer . Thumbs down .
You can see where Big Bad Love is trying to go , but it never quite gets there
those rough edges
though somewhat weakened by a miscast leading lady .
flat ,
bringing it back another day as punishment for paying money to see the last James Bond movie
are served with a hack script
are problems with this film that even 3 Oscar winners ca n't overcome
are served with a hack script .
, Collateral Damage would have been just another bad movie . Now it 's a bad , embarrassing movie .
, Crossroads comes up shorter than Britney 's cutoffs .
, Christopher and Grace are little more than collections of quirky traits lifted from a screenwriter 's outline and thrown at actors charged with the impossible task of making them jell .
, Circuit is the awkwardly paced soap opera-ish story .
, Collateral Damage paints an absurdly simplistic picture .
should have been a painless time-killer becomes instead a grating endurance test .
should have been a painless time-killer becomes instead a grating endurance test
his lesser-praised movies
makers apparently believe that women 's clothing can cover up any deficiency in acting , writing or direction
compared to the movie 's contrived , lame screenplay and listless direction
audience to fidget through ten pseudo-serious minutes while waiting for the ending credits and the deleted scenes montage to break the audience 's awkward silence
pathetic
the loud and the ludicrous
the long , dishonorable history
the long , dishonorable history of quickie teen-pop exploitation
disappointing and meandering
disappointing and
's the kind of motion picture that wo n't make much of a splash when it 's released , and will not be remembered long afterwards
directs an equally miserable film the following year
disagreeable
disappoint anyone who values the original comic books
The makers of Mothman Prophecies succeed in producing that most frightening of all movies -- a mediocre horror film too bad to be good and too good to be bad .
The main story ... is compelling enough , but it 's difficult to shrug off the annoyance of that chatty fish .
tub-thumpingly loud
's not a fresh idea at the core of this tale
's not very interesting
's not a fresh idea
's low-cal woody at best
's frustrating to see these guys -- who are obviously pretty clever -- waste their talent on parodies of things they probably thought were funniest when they were high
Disturbing . Disgusting .
Distinctly sub-par ... more likely to drown a viewer in boredom than to send any shivers down his spine .
Distinctly sub-par
Distinctly sub-par ... more likely to drown a viewer in boredom than to send any shivers down his spine
Distinctly sub-par ...
Distances you by throwing out so many red herrings , so many false scares ,
Distances you by throwing out so many red herrings , so many false scares , that the genuine ones barely register .
Distances you by throwing out so many red herrings , so many false scares , that the genuine ones barely register
none-too-original premise
The screenplay is hugely overwritten , with tons and tons of dialogue -- most of it given to children .
The screenplay flounders under the weight of too many story lines .
's yet another studio horror franchise mucking up its storyline with glitches casual fans could correct in their sleep
's yet another studio horror franchise mucking up its storyline with glitches casual fans could correct in their sleep .
The screenplay , co-written by director Imogen Kimmel , lacks the wit necessary to fully exploit the comic elements of the premise , making the proceedings more bizarre than actually amusing .
could n't help but
could n't help but feel the wasted potential of this slapstick comedy
Leave
brilliantly named Half Past Dead -- or for Seagal
all his disparate Manhattan denizens -- especially the a \*\* holes
all over this `` un-bear-able '' project
sticker platitudes
sticks his mug in the window of the couple 's BMW and begins haranguing the wife in bad stage dialogue
sticks rigidly to the paradigm ,
What could have been right at home as a nifty plot line in Steven Soderbergh 's Traffic fails to arrive at any satisfying destination .
What begins brightly gets bogged down over 140 minutes .
What a vast enterprise has been marshaled in the service of such a minute idea
What ensues are much blood-splattering , mass drug-induced bowel evacuations , and none-too-funny commentary on the cultural distinctions between Americans and Brits .
reeking of research library dust
reeking
redundant and inauthentic
redundant and
redundancy and unsuccessful crudeness accompanying it
redundancy and unsuccessful crudeness
which fails to rise above its disgusting source material
I can analyze this movie in three words : Thumbs Friggin ' Down .
I ca n't say this enough : This movie is about an adult male dressed in pink jammies .
I ca n't remember the last time I saw an audience laugh so much during a movie , but there 's only one problem ... it 's supposed to be a drama
which , in the end , might be all the more infuriating
which contains few laughs and not much drama
the most impossibly dry account
which constantly threaten to upstage the woman sporting them
small-budget
the most impossibly dry account of Kahlo 's life imaginable
Paramount imprint
the director is trying to dupe the viewer into taking it all as Very Important simply because the movie is ugly to look at and not a Hollywood product
Parker 's ill-advised meddling
the director ca n't seem to get a coherent rhythm going
the director has n't added enough of his own ingredients
the director ca n't do
Parker 's ill-advised meddling with the timeless source material
the young actors , not very experienced
running on empty ,
the year , noteworthy only for the gimmick of being filmed as a single unbroken 87-minute
Impostor ca n't think of a thing to do with these characters except have them run through dark tunnels , fight off various anonymous attackers , and evade elaborate surveillance technologies .
Imposter makes a better short story than it does a film
Impostor has a handful of thrilling moments and a couple of good performances , but the movie does n't quite fly .
It 's a drag how Nettelbeck sees working women -- or at least this working woman -- for whom she shows little understanding .
It 's Tommy 's job to clean the peep booths surrounding her , and after viewing this one , you 'll feel like mopping up , too .
It 's Tommy 's job to clean the peep booths surrounding her , and after viewing this one , you 'll feel like mopping up , too
the little yard apes
the lousy dialogue
the low-budget production
the long-dreaded completion of the Police Academy series
the low-budget production swings annoyingly between vertigo and opacity .
the low-grade cheese standards
harsh
The film is explosive , but a few of those sticks are wet
The film is explosive , but
The film is an earnest try at beachcombing verismo , but it would be even more indistinct than it is were it not for the striking , quietly vulnerable personality of Ms. Ambrose .
The great pity
The weird thing about The Santa Clause 2 , purportedly a children 's movie , is that there is nothing in it to engage children emotionally .
you 'll want to slap them
you 'll want to slap them .
The great pity is that those responsible did n't cut their losses -- and ours -- and retitle it The Adventures of Direct-to-Video Nash , and send it to its proper home .
The high-concept scenario soon proves preposterous , the acting is robotically italicized , and
wickedly undramatic central theme
why it fails is a riddle wrapped in a mystery inside an enigma
why people thought I was too hard on '' The Mothman Prophecies ''
wickedly undramatic
essentially unpersuasive
of this sad , compulsive life
routine '' indie ''
rounded characters , but then has nothing fresh or particularly interesting to say about them .
sick sight
sickening product placement
signposts marking the slow , lingering death of imagination
silences
silent , lumpish cipher
're convinced that this Mean Machine was a decent TV outing that just does n't have big screen magic .
Two hours of junk .
Two hours of junk
Tykwer has done all that Heaven allows , if you wanted to make as anti-Kieslowski a pun as possible . Suffice to say its total promise is left slightly unfulfilled
Ultimately the project comes across as clinical , detached , uninvolving , possibly prompting audience members to wonder , ` What 's the point ? '
Uncertain in tone
aims so low
agonizing contrivances , overheated pathos
aggressively sitcom-cute
aggravating enough
aggravating enough to exhaust the patience of even the most understanding spouse
Roberto Benigni 's Pinocchio is an astonishingly bad film .
blowing just about everything
too cynical
in jeopardy
in jerking off in all its Byzantine incarnations to bother pleasuring its audience
in its vision of nascent industrialized world politics as a new art form , but far too clunky , didactic and saddled with scenes that seem simply an ill fit for this movie
to make of this Italian freakshow
, common sense flies out the window , along with the hail of bullets , none of which ever seem to hit Sascha .
of quickie teen-pop exploitation
of portraying the devastation of this disease
through all too painfully
Teen movies have really hit the skids .
through about 90 minutes of a so-called ` comedy ' and not laugh
through a sad , sordid universe of guns , drugs , avarice and damaged dreams
do n't pile on this much syrup
do n't mind having my heartstrings pulled , but do n't treat me like a fool .
do n't pile on this much syrup .
do n't really care too much about this love story . In that setting , their struggle is simply too ludicrous and borderline insulting
do n't quite add up to a meal
do n't really seem all that profound , at least by way of what can be gleaned from this three-hour endurance test built around an hour 's worth of actual material
do n't really care too much about this love story . In that setting , their struggle is simply too ludicrous and borderline insulting .
do n't rent it
do n't really seem all that profound , at least by way of what can be gleaned from this three-hour endurance test built around an hour 's worth of actual material .
badder than bad
badly awry
bad-movie way
badder
badly edited , often awkwardly directed and suffers from the addition of a wholly unnecessary pre-credit sequence designed to give some of the characters a ` back story
badly interlocked stories drowned by all too clever complexity .
badly cobbled
badly cobbled look
badly-rendered
badly-rendered CGI effects
slow slog to get there
this may be the dumbest , sketchiest movie on record about an aspiring writer 's coming-of-age .
bungle their way through the narrative as if it were a series of Bible parables and not an actual story
this movie , a certain scene in particular , brought me uncomfortably close to losing my lunch
bungle their way through the narrative
and appalled by an Asian film since Shinya Tsukamoto 's Iron Man
rape and
should be expected from any movie with a '' 2 '' at the end of its title .
It 's not so much a movie as a joint promotion for the National Basketball Association and teenaged rap and adolescent poster-boy Lil ' Bow Wow .
show life in all of its banality
It 's not only dull because we 've seen ( Eddie ) Murphy do the genial-rogue shtick to death , but because the plot is equally hackneyed .
It 's not nearly as fresh or enjoyable as its predecessor , but
It 's not particularly well made , but
It 's not particularly well made
come up with one cogent point , unless it 's that life stinks , especially for sensitive married women who really love other women
come to term an '' ambitious failure
come up with an irritatingly unimaginative retread concept
come perilously close to being Amoses and Andys for a new generation
come perilously close to being Amoses and Andys for a new generation .
come on . Like you could n't smell this turkey rotting from miles away .
The milieu is wholly unconvincing ... and
Yes , 4Ever is harmless in the extreme and it 'll mute your kids for nearly 80 minutes , but why not just treat the little yard apes to the real deal and take them to Spirited Away
The most horrific movie
wore out its welcome well before the end credits rolled about 45 minutes in .
most notably wretched sound design
rubbo 's dumbed-down
most notably wretched sound design )
rubbo 's dumbed-down tactics
ask people to sit still for two hours and change watching such a character , especially when rendered in as flat and impassive a manner as Phoenix 's
most of the characters forget their lines
relentlessly folksy
could be both an asset and a detriment . Those who trek to the ` plex predisposed to like it probably will enjoy themselves . But ticket-buyers with great expectations will wind up as glum as Mr . De Niro
his fictional Yvan 's neuroses are aggravating enough to exhaust the patience of even the most understanding spouse
the most notable observation is how long you 've been sitting still
bespeaks an expiration date passed a long time ago
the most offensive action
the most heinous man who ever lived
And if you appreciate the one-sided theme to Lawrence 's over-indulgent tirade , then knock yourself out and enjoy the big screen postcard that is a self-glorified Martin Lawrence lovefest . If you are willing to do this , then you so crazy !
Analyze That regurgitates and waters down many of the previous film 's successes , with a few new swings thrown in
Analyze This , not
This is n't a movie ; it 's a symptom
This is n't a movie ; it 's a symptom .
This is n't a movie
This is n't a movie ;
This is just lazy writing . Even kids deserve better .
a cliché
a cliché left
that starts out like Heathers , then becomes Bring it On , then becomes unwatchable
minor work
uneven action comedy
If you 're paying attention , the `` big twists '' are pretty easy to guess -
If you 're paying attention , the `` big twists '' are pretty easy to guess
naughty children 's
nauseatingly
nausea
About half of them are funny , a few are sexy and none are useful in telling the story , which is paper-thin and decidedly unoriginal .
Lilia herself . She 's a cipher , played by an actress who smiles and frowns but does n't reveal an inner life
Like the world of his film , Hartley created a monster but did n't know how to handle it .
uneven movie
unwieldy cast
not a classic
become almost as operatic to us
become a camp adventure , one of those movies that 's so bad it starts to become good .
become , to judge from In Praise of Love , the sort of bitter old crank who sits behind his light meter and harangues the supposed injustices of the artistic world-at-large
because you 're sure to get more out of the latter experience
because there is no foundation for it
because there 's no rooting interest
Sia lacks visual flair . But
Sia lacks visual flair . But Kouyate elicits strong performances from his cast , and he delivers a powerful commentary on how governments lie , no matter who runs them
person to be stuck with for two hours
persistently useless movies
usual fluttering and stammering
using the same olives since 1962 as garnish . Not only is entry number twenty the worst of the Brosnan bunch
call it classicism or be exasperated by a noticeable lack of pace
called `` Jar-Jar Binks : The Movie
call The Other Side of Heaven `` appalling ''
allows him to churn out one mediocre movie after another
I 'd recommend waiting for DVD and just skipping straight to her scenes .
Worse
World War II ? Um , no .
Works better in the conception than it does in the execution ... winds up seeming just a little too clever .
Works better in the conception than it does in the execution ... winds up seeming just a little too clever
Works better in the conception than it does in the execution
Woody Allen used to ridicule movies like Hollywood Ending . Now he makes them .
Many went to see the attraction for the sole reason that it was hot outside and there was air conditioning inside , and I do n't think that A . C . will help this movie one bit .
Many went to see the attraction for the sole reason that it was hot outside and there was air conditioning inside ,
Many went to see the attraction for the sole reason that it was hot outside and there was air conditioning inside , and I do n't think that A . C . will help this movie one bit
Many went to see the attraction for the sole reason that it was hot outside and there was air conditioning inside , and
Comes off more like a misdemeanor , a flat , unconvincing drama that never catches fire
Comes off more like a misdemeanor , a flat , unconvincing drama that never catches fire .
Comes across as a relic from a bygone era , and its convolutions ... feel silly rather than plausible .
Comic Book Guy on '' The Simpsons ''
that women 's clothing can cover up any deficiency in acting , writing or direction
tarted up with Latin flava and turned out by Hollywood playas .
seem weird and distanced
seem to have been conjured up only 10 minutes prior to filming
silly and tedious
silly and crude storyline
seemingly brainless
resentment
Burns never really harnesses to full effect the energetic cast .
's also one that , next to his best work , feels clumsy and convoluted
's an 88-minute highlight reel that 's 86 minutes too long .
Bullock 's complete lack of focus and ability quickly derails the film
So exaggerated and broad that it comes off as annoying rather than charming .
ultimately disappointing
ultimately disappoints
ultimately does n't learn at the center of a kids ' story
ultimately Serving Sara does n't distinguish itself from the herd
ultimately add up to nothing more than jerking the audience 's chain .
ultimately fails by spinning out of control
in telling the story , which is paper-thin and decidedly unoriginal
So muddled , repetitive and ragged
Tom Green stages his gags as assaults on America 's knee-jerk moral sanctimony
So much about the film is loopy and ludicrous ... that it could have been a hoot in a bad-movie way if the laborious pacing and endless exposition had been tightened .
the movie 's contrived , lame screenplay and
the movie 's failings
the movie 's contrived , lame screenplay
the movie 's inescapable air of sleaziness
'm afraid you wo n't get through this frankly fantastical by-the-numbers B-flick with just a suspension of disbelief . Rather
'm actually having a hard time believing people were paid to make it
get bogged down in earnest dramaturgy
get no satisfaction
has none of the charm and little of the intrigue from the TV series .
has not spawned a single good film
has not spawned a single good film .
has only a fleeting grasp of how to develop them
has reached puberty actually finding the characters in Slackers or their antics amusing , let alone funny
has settled for a lugubrious romance
movie that hovers somewhere between an acute character study and a trite power struggle
a derivative collection of horror and sci-fi cliches
mug shots
wacky implausibility
wade through
wafer-thin movie
wait for the video
undramatic
close to pro-Serb propaganda .
shun
shun her kids ,
shuns
it now seems pedestrian
it never quite gets there
it on so thick this time that it feels like a suicide race
Could have been crisper and punchier
Could have been crisper and punchier ,
Could have been crisper and punchier , but
Could this be the first major studio production shot on video tape instead of film ?
the words '' radical
whipping out the dirty words
throwaway , junk-food movie
brother Hoffman 's script stumbles over a late-inning twist that just does n't make sense
exploitative for the art houses and too cynical , small and
exploitative for the art houses and too cynical , small
A cheap scam put together by some cynical creeps at Revolution Studios and Imagine Entertainment to make the suckers out there surrender $ 9 and 93 minutes of unrecoverable life .
flailing reputation
flails limply between bizarre comedy and pallid horror .
flash that barely fizzle
flailing around
flailing around in a caper that 's neither original nor terribly funny
a riot-control projectile or my own tortured psyche
a ridiculous wig
a riot . The movie is a dud
a ridiculous wig no respectable Halloween costume shop would ever try to sell
a film that has nothing
a film that is , overall , far too staid for its subject matter
a film school undergrad
a film so cold and dead
a film so graceless and devoid
a film so graceless and devoid of merit as this one come along
a film that are still looking for a common through-line
a film that begins as a Seven rip-off , only to switch to a mix of The Shining , The Thing , and any naked teenagers horror flick from the 1980s
A cellophane-pop remake of the punk classic Ladies and Gentlemen , The Fabulous Stains
A cellophane-pop remake of the punk classic Ladies and Gentlemen , The Fabulous Stains ...
A cellophane-pop remake of the punk classic Ladies and Gentlemen , The Fabulous Stains ... Crossroads is never much worse than bland or better than inconsequential
Robert De Niro ca n't make this movie anything more than a trashy cop buddy comedy
Ringu is a disaster of a story , full of holes and completely lacking in chills . Ignore the reputation , and ignore the film .
Ritchie 's treatment of the class reversal is majorly ham-fisted , from the repetitive manifestos that keep getting thrown in people 's faces to the fact Amber is such a joke .
an insult to every family whose mother has suffered through the horrible pains of a death by cancer
an insultingly inept and artificial examination
an insultingly inept and artificial examination of grief
an insultingly inept and artificial examination of grief and
an insultingly inept and artificial examination of grief and its impacts upon the relationships of the survivors
an intelligent person is n't necessarily an admirable storyteller .
humdrum
'd rather listen to old Tori Amos records
did n't hate this one , it 's not very good either .
did n't connect with me would require another viewing
did go back
female population
felt disrespected .
felt disrespected
avoids all the comic possibilities of its situation , and becomes one more dumb high school comedy about sex gags and prom dates
avoids all the comic possibilities of its situation , and
through the perverse pleasure of watching Disney scrape the bottom of its own cracker barrel
through the mire of this alleged psychological thriller in search of purpose or even a plot
through the horrible pains of a death
avoid this like the dreaded King Brown snake . Personally
avoiding eye contact and walking slowly away
avoiding eye contact and
avoids all the comic possibilities of its situation ,
discomfort and embarrassment
but no sense of pride or shame
but none of which amounts to much of a story
but only among those who are drying out from spring break
A rude black comedy about the catalytic effect a holy fool
A rude black comedy about the catalytic effect a holy fool has upon those around him in the cutthroat world of children 's television .
A rude black comedy
disposable tissue
disquietingly
disloyal
dismiss them
dissatisfied
Glass 's dirgelike score becomes a fang-baring lullaby
falls short in building the drama of Lilia 's journey .
falls short of its Ideal predecessor largely due to Parker 's ill-advised meddling with the timeless source material
falls short of its Ideal predecessor largely due to Parker 's ill-advised meddling with the timeless source material .
falls victim
falls victim to relying on the very digital technology that he fervently scorns , creating a meandering , inarticulate and ultimately disappointing film
falls victim to relying on the very digital technology that he fervently scorns , creating a meandering , inarticulate and ultimately disappointing film .
false , sitcom-worthy solutions
false you can see the filmmakers ' puppet strings
falseness
that it also makes her appear foolish and shallow rather than , as was more likely ,
It 's excessively quirky and a little underconfident in its delivery , but
It 's excessively quirky and a little underconfident in its delivery
Not good
are jarring and deeply out of place in what could have
like this shoddy suspense thriller
like watching a miserable relationship unfold in real time
like viewing a long soap opera in which only the first episode was any good
in films over and over again
Not good enough to pass for a litmus test of the generation gap and not bad enough to repulse any generation of its fans .
Stress ` dumb . '
Stress ` dumb .
Eurotrash cult
Eurotrash
European pickup . What 's hard to understand is why anybody picked it up . Wiser souls would have tactfully pretended not to see it and left it lying there
Even as lame horror flicks go , this is lame .
Even as lame horror flicks go
Even at its best , it will never hold a candle to the original
while Dark Water is n't a complete wash ( no pun intended ) , watched side-by-side with Ringu , it ultimately comes off as a pale successor .
make the film more silly than scary
make the film more silly than scary ,
make one spectacularly ugly-looking broad
Depressingly thin and exhaustingly contrived .
Designed to provide a mix of smiles and tears , `` Crossroads '' instead provokes a handful of unintentional howlers and numerous yawns .
Despite its Hawaiian setting , the science-fiction trimmings and some moments of rowdy slapstick , the basic plot of `` Lilo '' could have been pulled from a tear-stained vintage Shirley Temple script .
Despite bearing the Paramount imprint , it 's a bargain-basement European pickup .
An empty , ugly exercise in druggy trance-noir and trumped-up street credibility
Blue Crush is as predictable as the tides .
Blue Crush has all the trappings of an energetic , extreme-sports adventure , but ends up more of a creaky `` Pretty Woman '' retread , with the emphasis on self-empowering schmaltz and big-wave surfing that gives pic its title an afterthought .
Block
Blessed with immense physical prowess he may well be , but Ahola is simply not an actor
Blessed with immense physical prowess he may well be , but Ahola is simply not an actor .
or , worse yet , nonexistent --
opposites attract for no better reason than that the screenplay demands it
nearly so sinister
nearly so sinister as the biennial Disney girl movie
that it 's not clear whether we 're supposed to shriek
into melancholia
Like a tone-deaf singer at a benefit concert
Like a tone-deaf singer at a benefit concert , John Q . is a bad movie appearing on behalf of a good cause .
Like being trapped at a perpetual frat party ... How can something so gross be so boring ?
Like coming into a long-running , well-written television series where you 've missed the first half-dozen episodes and probably wo n't see the next six .
Like most sequels , it takes what worked last time , repeats it and adds more characters , more stunts , more stuff in attempt to camouflage its sameness .
Like so many other allegedly scary movies
Like so many other allegedly scary movies , it gets so tangled up in The Twist that it chokes the energy right out of the very audience it seeks to frighten .
veers from its comic course
, inexplicable and unpleasant
, inner-city autistic
, indie trick
flails
seems to have been written using Mad-libs . There can be no other explanation . Hilariously inept and ridiculous
seems to be part of an insider clique , which tends to breed formulaic films rather than fresh ones .
seems to be no clear path as to where the story 's going , or how long it 's going to take to get there .
seems to be on auto-pilot
seems to be under the illusion that he 's shooting the latest System of a Down video
seems to be under the illusion that he 's shooting the latest System of a Down video .
seems to be posing , rather than acting
seems to be posing , rather than acting .
Stay away .
Stay away
take turns hurting each other
with the damned for perpetrating Patch Adams
have the patience for it
In other words , about as bad a film you 're likely to see all year .
of its gaudy Hawaiian shirt
taken one of the world 's most fascinating stories and made it dull , lifeless , and irritating
Sinks
taken promising material for a black comedy
In its own way , Joshua is as blasphemous and nonsensical as a Luis Buñuel film without the latter 's attendant intelligence , poetry , passion , and genius .
In one scene , we get a stab at soccer hooliganism , a double-barreled rip-off of Quentin Tarantino 's climactic shootout -- and Meat Loaf explodes .
In other words , about as bad a film
To honestly address the flaws inherent in how medical aid is made available to American workers , a more balanced or fair portrayal of both sides will be needed .
in a disjointed , substandard fashion from one
in a mess of purposeless violence
creates a new threat for the MIB , but recycles the same premise
created whole new levels of ugly .
created whole new levels of ugly
created for the sole purpose of generating Oscar talk
Sodden
predictable and stereotypical
predictable scenario
predictable and
predictable and cloying
predictable and sentimental that viewers are likely to lose interest before Sandrine
Sodden and glum , even in those moments where it 's supposed to feel funny and light .
the loose ! Run for your lives
the longest 90 minutes
though , this surfer-girl melodrama starts gasping like a beached grouper .
mediocre movie
mediocre horror film
mediocre cresting
mediocre acting
it takes what worked last time , repeats it and adds more characters , more stunts , more stuff in attempt to camouflage its sameness .
it still feels like it was made by some very stoned college students
it starts to seem more improvised than scripted
it studiously avoids provoking thought
it takes itself too seriously
it takes a sudden turn and devolves into a bizarre sort of romantic comedy
the victims
that 's already a joke in the United States . The movie is the equivalent of French hip-hop , which also seems to play on a 10-year delay .
that 's already a joke in the United States .
that 's conspicuously missing from the Girls ' big-screen blowout
that 's consistently surprising , easy to watch -- but , oh , so dumb
chitchat that only self-aware neurotics engage in
, damaged characters
, cynical
it 's also so jarring that it 's hard to get back into the boys ' story .
it 's just because this past year has seen the release of some of the worst film comedies in decades
it 's merely a blandly cinematic surgical examination of what makes a joke a joke
the victim )
crassly
no teeth
no such
not
punching people in the stomach again
an unlimited amount of phony blood
an unfunny movie that thinks it 's hilarious
an unfunny movie
an uneasy marriage of Louis Begley 's source novel ( About Schmidt )
obviously made for the '' XXX ''
an unchanged dullard
his life drew to a close
'll stay with the stage versions , however , which bite cleaner , and deeper
'll stay with the stage versions , however , which bite cleaner , and deeper .
'm not generally a fan of vegetables
see a movie that takes such a speedy swan dive from `` promising '' to `` interesting '' to `` familiar ''
see a movie that takes such a speedy swan dive from `` promising '' to `` interesting '' to `` familiar '' before landing squarely on `` stupid ''
see a movie that takes such a speedy swan dive from `` promising ''
see `` Simone , '' and consider a DVD rental instead
see how many times they can work the words `` radical '' or `` suck '' into a sentence
Cagney 's ` top of the world ' has been replaced by the bottom of the barrel
political Blair Witch ,
As ( the characters ) get more depressed , the story gets more tiresome , especially as it continues to mount a conspicuous effort to be profound .
Arnold 's jump from little screen to big will leave frowns on more than a few faces .
a film that will have people walking out halfway through
too many characters saying too many clever things and
too many films
too many characters saying too many clever things and getting into too many pointless situations
too harsh
too hard to be hip
too many characters
too many `` serious issues ''
a rush of sequins , flashbulbs , blaring brass and back-stabbing babes
as it is a loose collection of not-so-funny gags , scattered moments of lazy humor
as it explores the awful complications of one terrifying day
scene the impressively discreet filmmakers may have expected to record with their mini DV
scattered
Between bedroom scenes , viewers may find themselves wishing they could roll over and take a nap .
Better at putting you to sleep than a sound machine .
Better at putting you to sleep than a sound machine
Better to just call it ABC Kiarostami . For AIDS and Africa are nothing more than part of the scenery .
showcases
with an amateurish screenplay
Been there , done that , liked it much better the first time around - when it was called The Professional .
Been there , done that ... a thousand times already , and better
throwaway movie
Been there , done that ,
Been there , done that , liked it much better
Been there , done that , liked it much better the first time around - when it was called The Professional
Becomes a bit of a mishmash : a tearjerker that does n't and a thriller that wo n't .
Becomes the last thing you would expect from a film with this title or indeed from any Plympton film : boring
Becomes the last thing you would expect from a film with this title or indeed from any Plympton film : boring .
longs to frisk through the back alleys of history , but scarcely manages more than a modest , snoozy charm .
` terrible filmmaking '
` terrible filmmaking ' bad , but more like
frightening and disturbing
damned thing
under its own thinness
Fails to convince the audience that these brats will ever be anything more than losers
Fails so fundamentally on every conventional level that it achieves some kind of goofy grandeur .
Fails in making this character understandable , in getting under her skin , in exploring motivation ... Well before the end , the film grows as dull as its characters , about whose fate it is hard to care .
Fails in making this character understandable , in getting under her skin , in exploring motivation ... Well before the end
Fails so fundamentally on every conventional level that it achieves some kind of goofy grandeur
Fails so fundamentally on every conventional level
Fails in making this character understandable , in getting under her skin , in exploring motivation ... Well
Fails in making this character understandable , in getting under her skin , in exploring motivation ...
frequently veers into corny sentimentality , probably
, vapid and devoid
, unnecessary
, unfortunately , is a little too in love with its own cuteness
, unlikable characters
, unimaginative
Engrossing and affecting , if ultimately not quite satisfying
its own staggeringly unoriginal terms
. Unfortunately , there is almost nothing in this flat effort that will amuse or entertain them , either .
If Shayamalan wanted to tell a story about a man who loses his faith , why did n't he just do it , instead of using bad sci-fi as window dressing ?
If Oscar had a category called Best Bad Film You Thought Was Going To Be Really Awful But Was n't , Guys would probably be duking it out with The Queen of the Damned for the honor .
If Myers decides to make another Austin Powers movie , maybe he should just stick with Austin and Dr Evil .
If Melville is creatively a great whale , this film is canned tuna .
If it 's another regurgitated action movie you 're after
its relentless descent
its repetitions and inconsistencies
its ridiculousness
what could have
what critics have come to term an `` ambitious failure
yourself rooting for the monsters in a horror movie
Check your brain and your secret agent decoder ring at the door because you do n't want to think too much about what 's going on
Charly comes off as emotionally manipulative and sadly imitative of innumerable past Love Story derisions .
Characterisation has been sacrificed for the sake of spectacle .
the wan , thinly sketched story . Killing time
fizzles like a wet stick of dynamite at the very end
have poignancy jostling against farce , thoughtful dialogue elbowed aside by one-liners , and a visual style that incorporates rotoscope animation for no apparent reason except , maybe , that it looks neat .
have problems , which are neither original nor are presented in convincing way .
have problems , which are neither original nor are presented in convincing way
have ransacked every old World War II movie for overly familiar material
have read ` seeking anyone with acting ambition but no sense of pride or shame
the whole damned thing did n't get our moral hackles up
the same number of continuity errors
the same old bad trip
are both listless
is not it
out of steam
outlandish
is not one of the movies you 'd want to watch if you only had a week to live
outlandish that they border on being cartoonlike
strictly speaking , Schneider is no Steve Martin
feels like just one more in the long line of films
feels like just one more in the long line of films this year about the business of making movies
, if somewhat heavy-handed ,
groan-inducing
groan-inducing familiarity
groans from the audience than Jar Jar Binks , Scrappy Doo and Scooby Dumb
groans along thinking itself some important comment on how life throws us some beguiling curves
have no goal and no urgency
yet another example of the sad decline of British comedies
full , irritating display
on poo and pee jokes
on no level whatsoever for me
on so thick this time that it feels like a suicide race
horribly wrong
horrific
horrible poetry
horribly mediocre
hopes to camouflage how bad his movie is .
Feels like the work of an artist who is simply tired -- of fighting the same fights , of putting the weight of the world on his shoulders , of playing with narrative form .
is the sort of movie that discourages American audiences from ever wanting to see another foreign film
is the sort of movie that discourages American audiences from ever wanting to see another foreign film .
is the sort of infantile that makes you wonder about changing the director and writer 's diapers
is the script 's endless assault of embarrassingly ham-fisted sex jokes that reek of a script rewrite designed to garner the film a '' cooler '' PG-13 rating .
is the script 's endless assault of embarrassingly ham-fisted sex jokes
is the script 's endless assault of embarrassingly ham-fisted sex jokes that reek of a script rewrite designed to garner the film a '' cooler '' PG-13 rating
its rather lopsided conception
its quirky excesses
its quintet of writers could still use some more schooling .
the patience of even the most cinema-besotted critic -- and this was one of them
Splash without the jokes
Splashes its drama all over the screen , subjecting its audience and characters to action that feels not only manufactured , but also so false you can see the filmmakers ' puppet strings .
Splashes its drama all over the screen , subjecting its audience and characters to action that feels not only manufactured , but also so false you can see the filmmakers ' puppet strings
is less poetic than simply pretentious .
is less poetic than simply pretentious
is less like a children 's movie than a recruitment film for future Hollywood sellouts .
is less like a children 's movie than a recruitment film for future Hollywood sellouts
is left with a sour taste in one 's mouth , and little else .
is left with a sour taste in one 's mouth , and little else
is left slightly unfulfilled
is leaning forward while wearing low-cut gowns , not making snappy comebacks .
is leaning forward while wearing low-cut gowns , not making snappy comebacks
sounds whiny and defensive , as if his life-altering experiences made him bitter and less mature
sounds whiny and defensive ,
sounds whiny and defensive
sounds like another clever if pointless excursion into the abyss
sounds like a cruel deception carried out by men of marginal intelligence , with reactionary ideas about women and a total lack of empathy .
sounds like a cruel deception carried out by men of marginal intelligence , with reactionary ideas about women and a total lack of empathy
made for cable rather than for the big screen
made for the '' XXX
made in 1978 but not released then because it was so weak , and it has been unearthed
made in 1978 but not released then because it was so weak , and it has been unearthed and
debilitating
deaths
debut feature sucked
smirk
Hey , the movie about the baseball-playing monkey was worse . ''
Herzog simply runs out of ideas and the pace turns positively leaden as the movie sputters to its inevitable tragic conclusion .
Herzog simply runs out of ideas and the pace turns positively leaden as the movie sputters to its inevitable tragic conclusion
Herzog simply runs out of ideas and
as if the movie is more interested in entertaining itself than in amusing us
more like entertainment for trolls
more light
an unsettling sight , and
an unsettling sight ,
an unsettling sight
an unpleasantly
an unnecessary and clumsy last scene
an unimaginative , nasty , glibly cynical piece of work .
an unimaginative , nasty , glibly cynical piece of
ultimately feels like just one more in the long line of films this year about the business of making movies .
ultimately succumbs
Eddie Murphy nor Robert De Niro has ever made
no quarter to anyone seeking to pull a cohesive story out
no quarter to anyone seeking to pull a cohesive story out of its 2 1\/2
no quarter
no quarter to anyone
no picnic
no sense of actual passion being washed away in love 's dissolution
-- and the sometimes bad choices
devastatingly
a suffocating rape-payback horror show that hinges on the subgenre 's most enabling victim ... and an ebullient affection for industrial-model meat freezers .
a suffocating
a suffocating rape-payback
a suffocating rape-payback horror
inadvertent
Broomfield has compelling new material but he does n't unveil it until the end , after endless scenes of him wheedling reluctant witnesses and pointing his camera through the smeared windshield of his rental car .
Broomfield has compelling new material but he does n't unveil it until the end , after endless scenes of him wheedling reluctant witnesses and pointing his camera through the smeared windshield of his rental car
inane , humorless and under-inspired
ultimately the project comes across as clinical , detached , uninvolving , possibly prompting audience members to wonder , ` what 's the point ? '
inadequately motivated
while howard 's appreciation of brown and his writing is clearly well-meaning and sincere , the movie would be impossible to sit through were it not for the supporting cast .
whimper
whimsy and spoon feeding
a first-timer
It made me realize that we really have n't had a good cheesy B-movie playing in theaters since ... well ... since last week 's Reign of Fire .
It makes even Elizabeth Hurley seem graceless and ugly .
It looks good , but it is essentially empty .
not quite '' Shrek '' or Monsters , Inc . ''
It merely indulges in the worst elements of all of them .
not quite
the kind of detachment
winning actresses ( and one Academy Award winning actor ) succumb to appearing in this junk that 's TV sitcom material at best
The entire point of a shaggy dog story
The entire movie is in need of a scented bath .
throw 40 years of cinematic history
it 's the little nuances that perhaps had to escape from director Mark Romanek 's self-conscious scrutiny to happen , that finally get under your skin
on toilet humor , ethnic slurs
( and frustrating
( and its palate )
, we get a cinematic postcard that 's superficial and unrealized .
, we get a stab at soccer hooliganism , a double-barreled rip-off of Quentin Tarantino 's climactic shootout -- and Meat Loaf explodes
, we need agile performers
, we need more X and less blab .
, we never really get inside of them .
you 're in for a painful ride .
you 're desperate for the evening to end
you 're a struggling nobody
had just typed ` Chris Rock , ' ` Anthony Hopkins ' and ` terrorists ' into some Univac-like script machine
Ultimately , clarity matters , both in breaking codes and making movies . Enigma lacks it .
had free rein to be as pretentious as he wanted
dared to mess with some powerful people
, but it 's the kind of motion picture that wo n't make much of a splash when it 's released , and will not be remembered long afterwards .
In his role of observer of the scene , Lawrence sounds whiny and defensive , as if his life-altering experiences made him bitter and less mature .
In old-fashioned screenwriting parlance , Ms . Shreve 's novel proved too difficult a text to ` lick , ' despite the efforts of a first-rate cast .
In my own very humble opinion , In Praise of Love lacks even the most fragmented charms I have found in almost all of his previous works .
About as enjoyable , I would imagine , as searching for a quarter in a giant pile of elephant feces ... positively dreadful .
About one in three gags in White 's intermittently wise script hits its mark ;
About one in three gags in White 's intermittently wise script hits its mark ; the rest are padding unashamedly appropriated from the teen-exploitation playbook
blade runner than like a bottom-feeder sequel in the escape from new york series
the folly of superficiality
blandness
initially succeeds by allowing itself to go crazy , but ultimately fails by spinning out of control .
of Elizabeth Berkley 's flopping dolphin-gasm
the end of the world
cliched
the gander , some of which occasionally amuses but none of which amounts to much of a story
that the era of the intelligent , well-made B movie is long gone
is far less mature
is expressly for idiots who do n't care what kind of sewage they shovel into their mental gullets to simulate sustenance .
is extremely straight and mind-numbingly stilted
is extremely straight and mind-numbingly stilted ,
is extremely straight and mind-numbingly stilted , its episodic pacing keeping the film from developing any storytelling flow
is extremely straight and mind-numbingly stilted , its episodic pacing keeping the film from developing any storytelling flow .
is far from Zhang 's forte
other foul substances
but if you expect light romantic comedy , good gosh ,
- been-told-a - thousand-times
- been-told-a - thousand-times -
, like beau travil and nenette et boni , could prepare us for this gory , perverted , sex-soaked riff on the cannibal genre
to sink this low
many clichés
to show this movie to reviewers before its opening , afraid of the bad reviews they thought they 'd earn
to recite bland police procedural details , Fiennes wanders around in an attempt
spied with my little eye ... a mediocre collection of cookie-cutter action scenes
the herd
the heaviest , most joyless movie
the heavy-handedness
been just another bad movie
been lost in the translation this time
been nice if the screenwriters had trusted audiences to understand a complex story , and left off the film 's predictable denouement
the tedium
warn
every suspenseful cliché
every suspenseful cliché in the book
everybody , wanna watch a movie in which a guy dressed as a children 's party clown gets violently gang-raped ?
impenetrable and
impenetrable and insufferable ball
impersonal , almost generic
impersonal and
impersonal and abstract
too ludicrous
ca n't remember the last time I saw worse stunt editing or cheaper action movie production values than in Extreme Ops .
ca n't remember the last time I saw worse stunt editing or cheaper action movie production values than in Extreme Ops
Seagal ran out of movies years ago , and this is just the proof
ca n't make up its mind whether it wants to be a gangster flick or an art film
ca n't generate enough heat in this cold vacuum of a comedy to start a reaction .
ca n't generate enough heat in this cold vacuum of a comedy to start a reaction
ca n't quite distinguish one sci-fi work from another
the battle
suspect that you 'll be as bored watching Morvern Callar as the characters are in it . If you go , pack your knitting needles
suspect that you 'll be as bored watching Morvern Callar as the characters are in it . If you go , pack your knitting needles .
would have just gone more over-the-top instead of trying to have it both ways
is the only part of the film that is enlightening -- and how appreciative you are of this depends on your level of fandom .
is the only part of the film that is enlightening -- and how appreciative you are of this depends on your level of fandom
has the potential for Touched by an Angel simplicity and sappiness
to listen to them reading the phone book
numbing .
not exactly assured in its execution
feeling a little sticky and unsatisfied
feeling strangely unsatisfied
feeling like you 've completely lowered your entertainment standards
feeling this movie until it veered off too far into the Exxon zone , and left me behind at the station looking for a return ticket to realism
soulless and ugly movies like this
sordid and disgusting
soul-searching garbage .
soulless techno-tripe .
soulless techno-tripe
an abundance of hackneyed dialogue and more silly satanic business
an absurdly simplistic picture
an ` E ' for effort -- and a ` B ' for boring
an action movie that is not very thrilling
a new arrow in Schaeffer 's quiver of ineptitudes
is a particularly toxic little bonbon , palatable to only a chosen and very jaundiced few .
is a perfect metaphor for the movie itself , which contains few laughs and not much drama
is a perfect metaphor for the movie itself , which contains few laughs and not much drama .
is a one-joke movie , and a bad joke at that
is a paper bag to wear over his head when he goes out into public , to avoid being recognized as the man who bilked unsuspecting moviegoers
is a paper bag to wear over his head when he goes out into public , to avoid being recognized as the man who bilked unsuspecting moviegoers .
is a poor one
is a primer on what happens when lack of know-how mixes with lack of give-a-damn
is too obvious or simplistic for this movie
is too goofy
is too predictable and too self-conscious
is too obvious or simplistic for this movie .
is too cute to take itself too seriously
is too forced and overwritten to be funny or believable much of the time
is too forced and overwritten
the protagonists ' bohemian boorishness
is too predictable and too self-conscious to reach a level of high drama .
is too predictable and too self-conscious to reach a level of high drama
the protagonists ' bohemian boorishness mars the spirit of good clean fun
and screamingly neurotic
which will cause loads of irreparable damage that years and years of costly analysis could never fix
to play second fiddle to the dull effects that allow the suit to come to life
which ones shtick
which never reach satisfying conclusions
if the filmmakers come up with nothing original in the way of slapstick sequences
a little too much dancing
a little too much dancing , a few too many weeping
a little too much dancing , a few too many weeping scenes --
fantasy pablum
saddled with scenes that seem simply an ill fit
saddled with a general air of misogyny
is so slovenly done , so primitive in technique , that it ca n't really be called animation .
smash its face in
sad-sack waste
smeary and
what is the point ?
completely ridiculous
completely wreaked
completely predictable
completely predictable plot
complete with loads of CGI and bushels of violence , but not a drop
completely contradicts everything Kieslowski 's work aspired to , including the condition of art
unoriginal
They should have called it Gutterball .
Thirty years ago , it would have been groundbreaking . Now it 's just tired .
`` men in a sardine can '' warped
`` radical '' or `` suck ''
ca n't sustain more than 90 minutes
wish the movie were less simplistic , obvious , clumsily plotted and shallowly characterized . But what are adults doing in the theater at all ?
if shayamalan wanted to tell a story about a man who loses his faith , why did n't he just do it , instead of using bad sci-fi as window dressing
Equlibrium could pass for a thirteen-year-old 's book report on the totalitarian themes of 1984 and Farenheit 451 .
Equilibrium becomes a concept doofus
Nicolas Cage is n't the first actor to lead a group of talented friends astray , and this movie wo n't create a ruffle in what is already an erratic career .
Nicolas Cage is n't the first actor to lead a group of talented friends astray
Nicolas Cage is n't the first actor to lead a group of talented friends astray ,
Nicolas Cage is n't the first actor to lead a group of talented friends astray , and
Nicolas Cage is n't the first actor to lead a group of talented friends astray , and this movie wo n't create a ruffle in what is already an erratic career
trashy
treads predictably along familiar territory ,
it difficult to sustain interest in his profession after the family tragedy
Some movies were made for the big screen , some for the small screen , and some , like Ballistic : Ecks vs . Sever , were made for the palm screen .
Some movies were made for the big screen , some for the small screen , and some , like Ballistic : Ecks vs . Sever , were made for the palm screen
it does n't leave you with much .
set the cause of woman warriors back decades
This time , the hype is quieter , and
Director Elie Chouraqui , who co-wrote the script , catches the chaotic horror of war , but why bother if you 're going to subjugate truth to the tear-jerking demands of soap opera ?
Director David Fincher and writer David Koepp ca n't sustain it .
painfully marginal
terrible story
terrible events
of the hapless victims of the arrogant
of the film buzz and whir ; very little of it
come from a Xerox machine rather than ( writer-director ) Franc
come to expect more from this studio than some 79-minute after-school `` cartoon ''
( Janey ) forgets about her other obligations , leading to a tragedy which is somehow guessable from the first few minutes , maybe because it echoes the by now intolerable morbidity of so many recent movies .
( Jackson and Bledel ) seem to have been picked not for their acting chops , but for their looks and appeal to the pre-teen crowd .
( Johnnie To and Wai Ka Fai are ) sure to find an enthusiastic audience among American action-adventure buffs , but the film 's interests may be too narrow to attract crossover viewers .
The troubling thing about Clockstoppers is that it does n't make any sense .
The truth about Charlie is that it 's a brazenly misguided project .
The trouble is , its filmmakers run out of clever ideas and visual gags about halfway through .
The trashy teen-sleaze equivalent of Showgirls .
The troubling thing about Clockstoppers
The troubling thing
cliches , painful improbability and murky
who ultimately does n't learn at the center of a kids ' story
The type of dumbed-down exercise in stereotypes that gives the ( teen comedy ) genre a bad name .
The type of dumbed-down exercise in stereotypes that gives the ( teen comedy )
small ...
slow-moving Swedish film
sluggish
slow to those of us in middle age and deathly slow to any teen .
sluggish pacing
's a drag how Nettelbeck sees working women -- or at least this working woman -- for whom she shows little understanding
full of teenagers fixating on its body humour and reinforcement of stereotypes
full of holes and completely lacking in chills
unsalvageability
through the pitfalls of incoherence and redundancy
whiny and
the overcooked , ham-fisted direction
the overcooked , ham-fisted direction ,
while the third feels limited by its short running time
whiny , pathetic , starving and untalented
it makes you forgive every fake , dishonest , entertaining and , ultimately , more perceptive moment in Bridget Jones 's Diary
it makes serial killer Jeffrey Dahmer boring
it makes you feel like a chump
it makes even Jason X ... look positively Shakesperean by comparison
it makes me wonder if Lawrence hates criticism so much that he refuses to evaluate his own work .
flawed film
flawed but rather unexceptional
the pay-off is negligible
flawed but rather unexceptional women
the path of the mundane
the pacing and lack
flawed but
should be enjoying this .
should be charged with loitering -- so much on view , so little to offer .
just mediocre . The performances are so overstated
just needs better material
just is n't a very involving one
just lapses into unhidden British
just lazy
things heat up only in the movie 's final scenes
things moving , while never quite
Joan and Philip 's repetitive arguments , schemes and treachery
a Mormon family movie , and a sappy , preachy one at that
to overplay the shock tactics and bait-and-tackle metaphors
bewilderingly
the intention is quite the opposite
chopsocky
chore to sit through -- despite some first-rate performances by its lead
chore
chronically
in narcissism and self-congratulation
in murder by numbers is any real psychological grounding for the teens ' deviant behavior . being latently gay
Time Out is as serious as a pink slip .
so laddish and juvenile , only teenage boys could possibly find it funny
found myself growing more and more frustrated and detached as Vincent became more and more abhorrent .
found myself growing more and more frustrated and detached as Vincent became more and more abhorrent
beaten , well-worn video box cover
through this interminable , shapeless documentary about the swinging subculture
that even its target audience talked all the way through it .
in bad filmmaking
in bad stage dialogue
in an emotionally unavailable rut
in an unsympathetic hero caught up in an intricate plot that while cleverly worked out , can not overcome blah characters
have given this movie a rating of zero .
in Talk to Her , the women are down for the count
all the excitement of eating oatmeal
Scarlet Diva has a voyeuristic tug , but all in all it 's a lot less sensational than it wants to be .
you could be doing something else far more pleasurable . Something like scrubbing the toilet . Or emptying rat traps .
ever such a dependable concept was botched in execution
ever spill from a projector 's lens
troubled
every bad action-movie line
not well enough
bags
bad thing
that slather Clearasil over the blemishes of youth
does not proclaim the truth about two love-struck somebodies
's merely a blandly cinematic surgical examination of what makes a joke a joke
That frenetic spectacle ( on the TV show )
That 's muy loco , but no more ridiculous than most of
That neither protagonist has a distinguishable condition hardly matters because both are just actory concoctions , defined by childlike dimness and a handful of quirks .
That frenetic spectacle ( on the TV show ) has usually been leavened by a charm that 's conspicuously missing from the Girls ' big-screen blowout .
That such a horrible movie could have sprung from such a great one
does go on forever
does go on forever .
trickery
tricks and self-indulgent actor moments
tricks and self-indulgent
anyone saw in this film that allowed it to get made
anyone in his right mind would even think to make the attraction a movie .
any way of gripping what its point is , or even its attitude toward its subject
does an established filmmaker so ardently waste viewers ' time with a gobbler like this
does have a long way to go before it reaches the level of crudity in the latest Austin Powers extravaganza
, out-outrage or out-depress
how bad an actress she is
, painful
, pasty lumpen
how a rich historical subject , combined with so much first-rate talent ... could have yielded such a flat , plodding picture
rather than substance
their story is predictable
As gamely as the movie tries to make sense of its title character , there remains a huge gap between the film 's creepy
As exciting as all this exoticism might sound to the typical Pax viewer , the rest of us will be lulled into a coma .
their struggle is simply too ludicrous and borderline insulting .
there 's nothing here to match that movie 's intermittent moments of inspiration .
seems to be missing a great deal of the acerbic repartee of the play .
seems to be missing .
recite some of this laughable dialogue
seems to have been ` it 's just a kids ' flick .
seems to have been ` it 's just a kids ' flick
The explosion essentially ruined -- or , rather , overpowered -- the fiction of the movie for me
is a bad mannered , ugly and destructive little \*\*\*\* .
is a bad mannered , ugly and destructive little \*\*\*\*
is a City of ruins .
the film does n't really care about the thousands of americans who die hideously , it
of cliches and absurdities
the film does n't really care about the thousands of americans who die hideously , it cares about how ryan meets his future wife and makes his start at the cia
the sheer insanity of it all
the simplest story
could have been a reject from Monty Python 's Meaning of Life
is a bit like getting all excited about a chocolate eclair and then biting into it and finding the filling missing .
is a bit like getting all excited about a chocolate eclair and then biting into it and finding the filling missing
is a battle of witlessness between a not-so-bright mother and daughter and an even less capable trio of criminals
is a barely adequate babysitter for older kids
is a bore
is a bomb .
too fast
itself is ultimately quite unengaging .
its vulgar
itself is just SOOOOO tired .
unbearable
big , dumb action movie
the Disney philosophy of required poignancy , a salute that I 'd hoped the movie would avoid
the Farrelly Bros . -- Peter and Bobby -- and their brand of screen comedy are wheezing to an end , along with Green 's half-hearted movie career
passing interest
Ultimately , the film never recovers from the clumsy cliché of the ugly American abroad , and the too-frosty exterior Ms. Paltrow employs to authenticate her British persona is another liability .
Ultimately , in the history of the Academy , people may be wondering what all that jazz was about `` Chicago '' in 2002 .
the first lousy Guy Ritchie imitation
by thirty-five minutes of inflated nonsense
although this idea is `` new '' the results are tired
although this idea is `` new '' the results are tired .
screen violence
screenwriting cliches that sink it faster than a leaky freighter
undercut by its own head-banging obviousness
underestimate just how dangerous entertainments like it can be
undergraduate doubling subtexts and ridiculous stabs
too drunk on the party favors to sober us up with the transparent attempts at moralizing
as it is flavorless
's a liability
's a great deal of corny dialogue and preposterous moments
you will a Tony Hawk skating video interspliced with footage from Behind Enemy Lines and set to Jersey shore techno
sticks rigidly to the paradigm , rarely permitting its characters more than two obvious dimensions and repeatedly placing them in contrived , well-worn situations
sticks rigidly to the paradigm , rarely permitting its characters more than two obvious dimensions and repeatedly placing them in contrived , well-worn situations .
sticky cocoon
stiff TV-style animation
stiff as a board
stiff-upper-lip laboriousness
Despite its promising cast of characters
you wo n't need a magic watch to stop time
loads of CGI and bushels of violence
logic and misuse
logic and misuse of two fine actors , Morgan Freeman and Ashley Judd
Despite its promising cast of characters , Big Trouble remains a loosely tied series of vignettes which only prove that ` zany ' does n't necessarily mean ` funny . '
thick as mud
so little to offer
`` Ecks vs. Sever '' or `` xXx ''
to tell a tale that simply ca n't sustain more than 90 minutes
so little
surrounding us with hyper-artificiality
've already seen Heartbreak if you 've watched the far superior Nurse Betty or Sunset Boulevard . Even the unwatchable Soapdish is more original .
've already seen the prequel to The Silence of the Lambs and Hannibal
's wrong with this increasingly pervasive aspect of gay culture
've already seen Heartbreak if you 've watched the far superior Nurse Betty or Sunset Boulevard . Even the unwatchable Soapdish is more original
's worth watching in Birthday Girl , a film by the stage-trained Jez Butterworth ( Mojo ) that serves as yet another example of the sad decline of British comedies in the post-Full Monty world
's worth watching in Birthday Girl , a film by the stage-trained Jez Butterworth ( Mojo ) that serves as yet another example of the sad decline of British comedies
've already seen this kind of thing
epilogue that leaks suspension of disbelief
epilogue that leaks suspension of disbelief like a sieve
epilogue that leaks suspension of disbelief like a sieve ,
, accompanying the stunt-hungry dimwits in a random series of collected gags , pranks , pratfalls , dares , injuries , etc. .
there is n't much in the way of character development in the script
there is no real reason to see it . Wait for video -- and then do n't rent it .
numerous minor flaws
there is something about it that feels incomplete , as if the real story starts just around the corner
What little grace ( Rifkin 's ) tale of precarious skid-row dignity achieves is pushed into the margins by predictable plotting and tiresome histrionics .
mean
maybe the original inspiration has run its course
Trying to make head or tail of the story in the hip-hop indie Snipes is enough to give you brain strain -- and the pay-off is negligible
Trying to make head or tail of the story in the hip-hop indie Snipes is enough to give you brain strain -- and the pay-off is negligible .
does n't necessarily equate to being good , no matter how admirably the filmmakers have gone for broke
does n't necessarily
does n't match his ambition
does n't mean it 's good enough for our girls
does n't make for great cinema
does n't manage to hit all of its marks
does n't make much
Tootsie knockoff .
, does not work .
` Blade II ' just does n't cut it
Too much power , not enough puff .
Too slick and manufactured to claim street credibility .
an uneasy marriage
the last days
fails to spark this leaden comedy
You can not guess why the cast and crew did n't sign a pact to burn the negative and the script and pretend the whole thing never existed .
You can see the would-be surprises coming a mile away , and the execution of these twists is delivered with a hammer
entirely unexamined in this startlingly unfunny comedy
entirely too much focus on meal preparation and igloo construction
, too mediocre to love .
a setup , delivery and payoff . Stealing Harvard ca n't even do that much . Each scene immediately succumbs to gravity and plummets to earth
for a depressing story that throws a bunch of hot-button items in the viewer 's face and asks to be seen as hip , winking social commentary
for a film that has nothing
feeling like a great missed opportunity
feel-bad
feeling guilty
feel-bad ending
feeling guilty for it
serve no other purpose
serve no other purpose than to call attention to themselves
sermonize
A Nightmare
served by the movie 's sophomoric blend of shenanigans and slapstick , although the more lascivious-minded might be disappointed in the relative modesty of a movie that sports a ` topless tutorial service
Paul Cox needed to show it .
an addictive guilty pleasure but the material never overcomes its questionable satirical ambivalence . This Scarlet 's letter is A ... as in aimless , arduous , and arbitrary
an aimless hodgepodge
made creepy by its '' men in a sardine can '' warped logic .
predictable plot
might benefit from a helping hand and a friendly kick in the pants
Degenerates into hogwash
do we have that same option to slap her creators because they 're clueless and inept
do we have that same option to slap her creators because they 're clueless and inept ?
do with a florid , overplotted , Anne Rice rock 'n' roll vampire novel
do with these characters except have them run through dark tunnels , fight off various anonymous attackers , and evade elaborate surveillance technologies
do worse than this oddly cheerful -- but not particularly funny -- body-switching farce
And for all the wrong reasons besides .
of the witless ageism afflicting films
weirdness
by Taylor 's cartoonish performance and the film 's ill-considered notion
one of the most repellent things
one of the year 's murkiest , intentionally obscure and self-indulgent pictures
by Vincent R . Nebrida or the gutless direction
The 50-something lovebirds are too immature and unappealing to care about .
The Adventures of Pluto Nash '' is a big time stinker
The Adventures of Pluto Nash is a whole lot of nada .
quite like calling a dog stupid
quite like the grinding of bad ideas
begs to be parodied
beginning to resemble someone 's crazy French grandfather
beginning with the minor omission of a screenplay
begins as a Seven rip-off
begins as a Seven rip-off ,
begins as a Seven rip-off , only to switch to a mix of The Shining , The Thing , and any naked teenagers horror flick from the 1980s
It all looks and plays like a $ 40 million version of a game you 're more likely to enjoy on a computer .
It certainly wo n't win any awards in the plot department but
the american insomnia
though it draws several decent laughs , it 's low-cal woody at best
try to create characters out of the obvious cliches , but wind up using them as punching bags .
try to guess the order in which the kids in the house will be gored
trying figure out whether or not some cocky pseudo-intellectual kid has intentionally left college or was killed
may be subtler than Norman Jewison 's 1975 ultraviolent futuristic corporate-sports saga . It 's also stupider .
Cassavetes thinks he 's making Dog Day Afternoon with a cause , but all he 's done is to reduce everything he touches to a shrill , didactic cartoon
Cassavetes thinks he 's making Dog Day Afternoon with a cause , but all he 's done is to reduce everything he touches to a shrill , didactic cartoon .
Carvey 's Saturday Night Live-honed mimicry rises above the level of embarrassment
a load of clams left in the broiling sun for a good three days
Weirdly , Broomfield has compelling new material but he does n't unveil it until the end , after endless scenes of him wheedling reluctant witnesses and pointing his camera through the smeared windshield of his rental car .
at a tough-man contest
the arrogant
lots of cheese ,
lots of cheese
lots of other quirky movies that try to score hipness
lots of inane , inoffensive screaming and exaggerated facial expressions
lots of ham , lots of cheese , with a sickly sweet coating to disguise its excrescence until just after ( or during ) consumption of its second half .
loud , low-budget and tired
Easter-egg-colored concoction
you 're not deeply touched by this movie
as bad as you might think
raw and disturbing
its worst
neither is well told
neither light nor magical enough to bring off this kind of whimsy
neither of them deserves Eric Schaeffer
neither star appears very excited at rehashing what was basically a one-joke picture
it takes an abrupt turn into glucose sentimentality and laughable contrivance
it thumbs down
He 's just a sad aristocrat in tattered finery ,
He 's just a sad aristocrat in tattered finery , and the film seems as deflated as he does
long and clunky
He 's just a sad aristocrat in tattered finery , and the film seems as deflated as he does .
interesting failure
examine , the interior lives of the characters in his film , much less
subversive
create characters who are sweet and believable , and are defeated by a screenplay that forces them into bizarre , implausible behavior
rival
that could easily crush it forever
with the same number of continuity errors
soft-core twaddle
one of those ` alternate reality '
one of the worst
one of the worst films of the summer
one of the worst movies of one year
one of the worst movies of the year .
one of the worst movies of the year . It 's just merely very bad
one of the worst titles in recent cinematic history
one of the year 's worst cinematic tragedies
Watch Barbershop again if you 're in need of a Cube fix -- this is n't worth sitting through
Watch Barbershop again if you 're in need of a Cube fix -- this is n't worth sitting through .
, worse , that you have to pay if you want to see it
, you 'd better have a good alternative
original and , instead , rehash old
, worse
farce , thoughtful dialogue elbowed aside by one-liners , and a visual style that incorporates rotoscope animation for no apparent reason except
far too much
farce ,
farce
see the perpetrators of Chicago torn apart by dingoes
see the filmmakers ' puppet strings
their parents ' anguish
situations that are n't funny
to admit I walked out of Runteldat
HIV\/AIDS
that only ever walked the delicate tightrope between farcical and loathsome . In the wrong hands , i . e . Peploe 's , it 's simply unbearable
a confusing melange of tones and styles , one moment a romantic trifle
a confusing melange of tones and styles , one moment a romantic trifle and the next a turgid drama
wrong
writhing under dialogue like ` you 're from two different worlds ' and ` tonight the maid is a lie and this , this is who you are , ' this schlock-filled fairy tale hits new depths of unoriginality and predictability .
writhing under dialogue like ` you 're from two different worlds ' and ` tonight the maid is a lie and this , this is who you are , ' this schlock-filled fairy tale hits new depths of unoriginality and predictability
writhing under dialogue like ` you 're from two different worlds ' and ` tonight the maid is a lie and this , this is who you are ,
a sad picture
a sad picture of the singles scene
that old familiar feeling of ` let 's get this thing over with '
inspire anything more than a visit to McDonald 's , let alone
that one eventually resents having to inhale this gutter romancer 's secondhand material
Brian De Palma is utterly mad
of this worn-out , pandering palaver
of this so-called satire
of this and that -- whatever fills time -- with no unified whole
of this ` we 're - doing-it-for - the-cash ' sequel
Far from perfect ,
bother being as cloying or preachy as equivalent evangelical Christian movies
both the pitfalls
both the glad-handing and the choking sense of hollow despair
to question why somebody might devote time to see it
should be able to find better entertainment
Holden Caulfield did it better .
could nap for an hour and not miss a thing .
could n't smell this turkey rotting from miles away
could only be made by African-Americans because of its broad racial insensitivity towards African-Americans
could not find a buyer to play it on the tube
could restage the whole thing in your bathtub
could possibly make them less interesting than they already are
could roll over and take a nap
could restage the whole thing in your bathtub .
we never really feel involved with the story , as all of its ideas remain just that : abstract ideas .
should be doing a lot of things , but does n't .
why he keeps being cast in action films when none of them are ever any good
we just do n't really care too much about this love story . in that setting , their struggle is simply too ludicrous and borderline insulting .
many silly costumes
worldly knowledge comes from TV reruns and supermarket tabloids
many repetitive
many pointless
you wo n't be talking about the film once you exit the theater
changed the male academic from a lower-class Brit to an American , a choice that upsets the novel 's exquisite balance and shreds the fabric of the film
chaotic insanity
it lacks the novel charm that made Spy Kids a surprising winner with both adults and younger audiences
it loses steam towards the middle and never really develops beyond attacking obvious target .
it looks as though Jay Roach directed the film from the back of a taxicab
it lacks focus . I sympathize with the plight of these families
contriving false , sitcom-worthy solutions
victim
a semi-throwback , a reminiscence without nostalgia or sentimentality
a sense of good intentions derailed by a failure to seek and strike just the right tone
rarely comes alive as its own fire-breathing entity in this picture .
slog to get there
slow at times
small amount
ransacks its archives for a quick-buck sequel
ransacks its archives for a quick-buck sequel .
most of the movie feeling depressed by the shallow , selfish , greedy characters
asks the question how much souvlaki can you take before indigestion sets in .
situates it all in a plot as musty as one of the Golden Eagle 's carpets
the west to savor whenever the film 's lamer instincts are in the saddle
suicide
, ghastly
blundering
view nor a compelling reason
a half-hearted
I 'm just about ready to go to the U.N. and ask permission for a preemptive strike
a lousy script ,
a lousy script
she 's not funny !
shave ice without the topping
she 's a best-selling writer of self-help books who ca n't help herself
she 's not funny
Director Tom Dey demonstrated a knack for mixing action and idiosyncratic humor in his charming 2000 debut Shanghai Noon , but Showtime 's uninspired send-up of TV cop show cliches mostly leaves him shooting blanks
Robert Altman 's lesser works
a mostly boring affair
Cremaster 3 '' should come with the warning `` For serious film buffs only ! ''
Crikey indeed
Crikey
( N ) o matter how much good will the actors generate , Showtime eventually folds under its own thinness .
A sloppy slapstick throwback to long gone bottom-of-the-bill fare like The Ghost and Mr. Chicken .
A supernatural mystery that does n't know whether it wants to be a suspenseful horror movie or a weepy melodrama .
A thoroughly awful movie
becomes lifeless
becomes a sermon for most of its running time .
becomes claustrophobic
becomes distasteful and downright creepy
becomes just another voyeuristic spectacle
becomes just another voyeuristic spectacle ,
becomes just another voyeuristic spectacle , to be consumed and forgotten
becomes just another voyeuristic spectacle , to be consumed and forgotten .
Normally , Rohmer 's talky films fascinate me , but when he moves his setting to the past , and relies on a historical text , he loses the richness of characterization that makes his films so memorable
Normally , Rohmer 's talky films fascinate me , but when he moves his setting to the past , and relies on a historical text , he loses the richness of characterization that makes his films so memorable .
Nonsensical , dull '' cyber-horror '' flick is a grim , hollow exercise in flat scares and bad acting .
time for an absurd finale of twisted metal , fireballs and revenge
a flat , plodding picture
a florid but ultimately vapid crime melodrama with lots of surface
a florid but ultimately vapid crime melodrama
a flimsy excuse
It 's possible that something hip and transgressive was being attempted here that stubbornly refused to gel , but
It 's possible that something hip and transgressive was being attempted here that stubbornly refused to gel ,
It 's not too much of anything .
It 's not too fast and not too slow . It 's not too racy and it 's not too offensive . It 's not too much of anything .
It 's possible that something hip and transgressive was being attempted here that stubbornly refused to gel
It 's obvious ( Je-Gyu is ) trying for poetry ; what he gets instead has all the lyricism of a limerick scrawled in a public restroom
It 's obvious ( Je-Gyu is ) trying for poetry ;
Gambling and throwing a basketball game for money is n't a new plot -- in fact Toback himself used it in Black and White . But
Bottom-rung
frustration
raises serious questions
worn
underachiever
see why any actor of talent would ever work in a McCulloch production again if they looked at how this movie turned out
knock yourself out and enjoy the big screen postcard that is a self-glorified Martin Lawrence lovefest . If you are willing to do this , then you so crazy !
knew what the hell was coming next
including the assumption that `` crazy '' people are innocent , childlike and inherently funny
includes a fair share of dumb drug jokes and predictable slapstick
lacks considerable brio for a film about one of cinema 's directorial giants
indicative of how uncompelling the movie is unless it happens to cover your particular area of interest
indescribably bad
suggest that the wayward wooden one end it all by stuffing himself into an electric pencil sharpener
suit the sensibilities of a young American , a decision that plucks '' The Four Feathers '' bare
is badly edited , often awkwardly directed and suffers from the addition of a wholly unnecessary pre-credit sequence designed to give some of the characters a ` back story .
is badly edited , often awkwardly directed and suffers from the addition of a wholly unnecessary pre-credit sequence designed to give some of the characters a ` back story
is banal in its message and the choice of material
is badly edited , often awkwardly directed and suffers from the addition of a wholly unnecessary pre-credit sequence designed to give some of the characters a ` back story . '
is banal in its message and the choice of material to convey it .
is banal in its message and the choice of material to convey it
is barely an hour long . Nevertheless , it still seems endless
is barely an hour long . Nevertheless , it still seems endless .
that , hampered by an undeveloped script ,
which is Amy 's self-absorbed personality
who else needs a shower ?
too bad the screenwriters eventually shoot themselves in the feet with cop flick cliches like an oily arms dealer , squad car pile-ups and the requisite screaming captain
too bad to be good and
too bad to be good
too bleak
leaving questions in its wake
on a dime in the tries-so-hard-to-be-cool `` Clockstoppers
on `` stupid ''
on `` stupid
the barbarism of ` ethnic cleansing
's too long and too convoluted
's tough to watch
the gabbiest giant-screen movie
Collateral Damage is trash ,
Collateral Damage is trash
Collateral Damage is trash , but it earns extra points by acting as if it were n't .
Collateral Damage is trash , but
tends to place most of the psychological and philosophical material in italics rather than trust an audience 's intelligence
tends to do a little fleeing of its own .
tense arguing
tendency to slip into hokum . A Rumor of Angels does n't just slip
about as exciting to watch as two last-place basketball teams playing one another on the final day of the season
about as exciting to watch as two last-place basketball teams playing one another on the final day of the season .
about as exciting to watch as two last-place basketball teams
about as inspiring
about as humorous
from the script 's bad ideas and awkwardness
stop watching
scream
stops short of indulging its characters ' striving solipsism
it delivers some chills and sustained unease , but flounders in its quest for deeper meaning .
it cold
it can still make you feel that you never want to see another car chase , explosion or gunfight again
stomach so much tongue-in-cheek weirdness
Sure , it 's contrived and predictable
stooping
Sure , it 's contrived and predictable , but
Sure , it 's contrived and predictable ,
bewildering
simplistic and more than a little pretentious
simply becomes a routine shocker
simply by accident
simply not funny performers
Now it 's a bad , embarrassing movie .
pages missing
Noyce 's greatest mistake
packaged and sold back to us by Hollywood
packaged and sold back
even predictable remake
even the corniest
you could n't smell this turkey rotting from miles away
you could do worse than this oddly cheerful -- but not particularly funny -- body-switching farce .
you can smell the grease on the plot
you can see the filmmakers ' puppet strings
even the corniest and most hackneyed
you do n't go to the movies for
even the corniest and
the barn-burningly bad movie it promised it would be
that disconnects every 10 seconds
the barn-burningly bad movie
than forcing us to endure every plot contrivance that the cliché-riddled genre can offer
All that 's missing is the spontaneity , originality and delight
All that ( Powerpuff Girls ) charm is present in the movie , but it 's spread too thin .
All that ( Powerpuff Girls ) charm is present in the movie , but it 's spread too thin
All the Queen 's Men is allegedly '' inspired ''
It 's hard to say who might enjoy this
compensate for corniness and cliche
This is a film about the irksome , tiresome nature of complacency that remains utterly satisfied to remain the same throughout . Even as the hero of the story rediscovers his passion in life
this dog of a movie
this dreary mess
this digital-effects-heavy , supposed family-friendly comedy
this cliche pileup
Suggests puns about ingredients and soup and somebody being off their noodle , but let 's just say the ingredients do n't quite add up to a meal .
Sunshine State lacks the kind of dynamic that Limbo offers , and in some ways is a rather indulgent piece .
Suggests puns about ingredients and soup and somebody being off their noodle , but let 's just say the ingredients do n't quite add up to a meal
intense , claustrophobic
intended the film to be more than that
in 8 Crazy Nights than a proctologist is apt to encounter in an entire career
in 2002 , such revelations wilt
in Bibi 's generic angst
sitcom material
, this trifling romantic comedy in which opposites attract for no better reason than that the screenplay demands it squanders the charms of stars Hugh Grant and Sandra Bullock .
, this strangely schizo cartoon seems suited neither to kids or adults .
, this somber cop drama ultimately feels as flat as the scruffy sands of its titular community .
, an actor this uncharismatically beautiful would have a résumé loaded with credits like `` Girl in Bar # 3 . ''
numbing
his own shortcomings here in a way
Almost nothing else -- raunchy and graphic as it may be in presentation -- is one-sided , outwardly sexist or mean-spirited . And in a sense , that 's a liability .
Almost nothing else -- raunchy and graphic as it may be in presentation -- is one-sided , outwardly sexist or mean-spirited . And in a sense , that 's a liability
, insensitive people who take turns hurting each other .
a little scattered
a little scattered -- ditsy
a little too much ai n't - she-cute baggage into her lead role as a troubled and determined homicide cop to quite pull off the heavy stuff
a little violence and lots of sex in a bid to hold our attention
may be just as fun ( and scary ) as going to the film .
may be subtler than Norman Jewison 's 1975 ultraviolent futuristic corporate-sports saga . It 's also stupider
may be hard pressed to retain their lunch
may be as authentic as they are mean
may be a thousand years old , but why did it have to seem like it took another thousand to tell it to us ?
a bottom-feeder
a bomb
a bottom-feeder sequel in the escape from new york series
a bottom-feeder sequel
more tiresome
cinematic car wreck
churns up not one but two flagrantly fake thunderstorms to underscore the action
churn out one mediocre movie after another
churn out one mediocre movie
when it drags
Horrid
Hopkins\/Rock collision
Hope keeps arising that the movie will live up to the apparent skills of its makers and the talents of its actors , but it does n't
Horrid little propaganda film
a waste of De Niro , McDormand and the other good actors
a waste
a waste of De Niro , McDormand and the other good actors in the cast
a way that bespeaks an expiration date passed a long time ago
a way to make J . K . Rowling 's marvelous series into a deadly bore
a way that verges on the amateurish
a weak and ineffective ghost story without a conclusion or pay off
a weak and ineffective ghost story
screen-eating dominatrixes
screen-eating dominatrixes like Goldie Hawn
real people would n't
fails to keep it up and
fails to keep 80 minutes from seeming like 800
fails to justify the build-up .
fails to live up to -- or offer any new insight into -- its chosen topic
fails to keep it up and settles into clichés
fails to overcome the film 's manipulative sentimentality and annoying stereotypes
fails to make the most out of the intriguing premise .
a movie , a vampire soap opera that does n't make much
a mostly boring affair with a confusing sudden finale that 's likely to irk viewers .
a mostly boring affair with a confusing sudden finale that 's likely to irk viewers
( MacDowell ) ventures beyond her abilities several times here and reveals how bad an actress she is .
( Orlando Jones )
captures some of the discomfort and embarrassment of being a bumbling American in Europe
Go , girls , right down the reality drain .
seedy clash
seeing an otherwise good movie marred beyond redemption by a disastrous ending
Many went to see the attraction for the sole reason that it was hot outside and there was air conditioning inside , and I do n't think that A.C. will help this movie one bit .
Many went to see the attraction for the sole reason that it was hot outside and there was air conditioning inside , and I do n't think that A.C. will help this movie one bit
Manipulative claptrap , a period-piece movie-of-the-week , plain old blarney ... take your pick .
Manipulative claptrap , a period-piece movie-of-the-week , plain old blarney ...
Many of the effective horror elements are dampened through familiarity , ( yet )
dimwits
diluted by focusing on the story 's least interesting subject
diluted by too much stage business in the modern day
diluted
diminishes her stature
dilutes the pleasure of watching them
diminishes
a fatal mistake
It 's the humanizing stuff that will probably sink the film for anyone who does n't think about percentages all day long .
It 's surprisingly bland despite the heavy doses of weird performances and direction .
Enigma looks great , has solid acting and a neat premise . Yet why it fails is a riddle wrapped in a mystery inside an enigma
Enigma is well-made , but it 's just too dry and too placid .
the contradiction that afflicts so many movies about writers
, 102-minute infomercial
, '' it 's equally distasteful to watch him sing the lyrics to '' Tonight . ''
what the English call ` too clever by half
what the hell was coming next
Big Chill
Besotted '' is misbegotten
is exactly how genteel and unsurprising the execution turns out to be
go home '' when talking to Americans
go down as the worst -- and only -- killer website movie of this or any other year
go boom
go to the U.N. and ask permission for a preemptive strike
weak direction
we still do n't feel enough of an attachment to these guys to care one way or another
no man has gone before , but several movies have
no good answer to that one
quite as unpleasant
unconcerned
unassuming
ready to hate one character
with cute accents performing ages-old slapstick and unfunny tricks
with celluloid garbage
with cliche
minute idea
to sit through about 90 minutes of a so-called ` comedy ' and not laugh once
to sit still for two hours and change watching such a character , especially when rendered in as flat and impassive a manner as Phoenix 's
to sit through than this hastily dubbed disaster
bland , obnoxious 88-minute
blacked out in the lobby
blacked out
black Austin
the forced New Jersey lowbrow accent Uma had
bland police procedural details , Fiennes
staid
stand a ghost of a chance
stale retread of the '53 original
stale retread
stale copy
terrible , banal dialogue
terrible , banal dialogue ;
terrible , banal dialogue ; convenient , hole-ridden plotting
terrible , banal dialogue ; convenient , hole-ridden plotting ;
terrible , banal dialogue ; convenient , hole-ridden plotting ; superficial characters
guns , violence
as tired as its protagonist
by uneven dialogue and plot lapses
, bloody and mean
a visual style that incorporates rotoscope animation for no apparent reason except
a video store near you
forced to make its characters idiots in order to advance the plot
forced to grapple with hazy motivations that never come into focus
we do n't get Williams ' usual tear and a smile , just sneers and bile , and the spectacle is nothing short of refreshing .
forced and heavy-handed ,
an embarrassment , a monotonous
an embarrassment ,
an embarrassment
an elegiacally soggy Saving Private Ryanovich
an emotionally unavailable rut
an emotional sterility to match its outer space setting
an end , along with Green 's half-hearted movie career
an empty vessel
light and sugary that were it a Macy 's Thanksgiving Day Parade balloon
light , innocuous and unremarkable
hard as this may be to believe , Here on Earth , a surprisingly similar teen drama , was a better film .
is all too familiar .
is all too predictable
is all windup and not much of a pitch
demanding than it needs to be
demanding regular shocks and bouts of barely defensible sexual violence to keep it interested
, The Transporter is riddled with plot holes big enough for its titular hero to drive his sleek black BMW through .
, The Ring makes its stupidity more than obvious .
, Super Troopers suffers from a bad case of arrested development .
happens when something goes bump in the night and nobody cares ?
, White Oleander is n't an adaptation of a novel .
, The Transporter lacks Besson 's perspective as a storyteller .
saccharine as
a made-for-TV look
a made-for-TV look , rigid performances and an asinine ` twist ' that brazenly rips off The Sixth Sense
a major problem
a major problem in contemporary society
The makers have forsaken the entertaining elements of the original and ,
The makers have forsaken the entertaining elements of the original and
The makers of Divine Secrets of the Ya-Ya Sisterhood should offer a free ticket ( second prize , of course , two free tickets ) to anyone who can locate a genuinely honest moment in their movie .
grounds this overstuffed , erratic dramedy in which he and his improbably forbearing wife contend with craziness and child-rearing in Los Angeles .
lost soul
baffled the folks in the marketing department
Analyze That '' is one of those crass
his characters -- if that 's not too glorified a term --
preachy fable
excess debris
an endless trailer
an engaging , wide-eyed actress whose teeth are a little too big for her mouth
, which gets under our skin simply by crossing the nuclear line
the intelligence of gay audiences has been grossly underestimated , and
the intelligence of gay audiences has been grossly underestimated
the intelligence of gay audiences has been grossly underestimated , and a meaty plot and well-developed characters have been sacrificed for skin and flash that barely fizzle .
the intelligence of gay audiences has been grossly underestimated , and a meaty plot and well-developed characters have been sacrificed for skin and flash that barely fizzle
Befuddled in its characterizations
Befuddled in its characterizations as it begins to seem as long as the two year affair which is its subject
Being unique does n't necessarily equate to being good , no matter how admirably the filmmakers have gone for broke .
the discomfort
familial jealousy and unrepentant domestic psychopathy
for an unfocused screenplay
a movie so sloppy , so uneven , so damn unpleasant
for an absurd finale of twisted metal
for an hour , in which we 're told something creepy and vague is in the works
is getting old .
a movie that , its title notwithstanding , should have been a lot nastier
might be shocked to discover that Seinfeld 's real life is boring
with mainstream foreign mush like My Big Fat Greek Wedding
the dubious
far too fleeting
intimidated by both her subject matter
intimidated by both her subject matter and
intimidated by both her subject matter and the period trappings of this debut venture into the heritage business
interview subjects who will construct a portrait of Castro so predominantly charitable it can only be seen as propaganda
far too much for our taste
enough of plucky British eccentrics
The dramatic crisis does n't always succeed in its quest to be taken seriously , but
The dramatic crisis does n't always succeed in its quest to be taken seriously ,
The dramatic crisis does n't always succeed in its quest to be taken seriously
to the indulgent dead-end experimentation of the director 's previous Full Frontal
the film is static
Evans is ) a fascinating character , and deserves a better vehicle than this facetious smirk of a movie .
Evelyn , a besotted and obvious drama that tells us nothing new
Esther seems to remain an unchanged dullard
Evelyn , a besotted and obvious drama that tells us nothing new .
the film is just hectic and homiletic : two parts exhausting Men in Black mayhem to one part family values .
the film is just a corny examination of a young actress trying to find her way .
with the sloppy slapstick comedy
the film is essentially juiceless .
the film is deadly dull
woe
wo n't enjoy the movie at all
almost immediately that Welcome to Collinwood is n't going to jell
ripe for the Jerry Springer crowd
here is how so many talented people were convinced to waste their time
here is unusually tame
here leaves a lot to be desired
here the choices are as contrived and artificial as Kerrigan 's platinum-blonde hair
here his sense of story and his juvenile camera movements smack of a film school undergrad , and
here his sense of story and his juvenile camera movements smack of a film school undergrad , and his maudlin ending might not have gotten him into film school in the first place
here is DOA .
Wannabes
the satire is weak .
the sci-fi comedy spectacle as Whiffle-Ball epic
drudgery
drown out the tinny self-righteousness of his voice
drown out
dressed as a children 's party clown gets violently gang-raped
drink to excess , piss on trees , b.s. one another
understand the difference between dumb fun and just plain dumb
understand why anyone in his right mind would even think to make the attraction a movie .
understand that the idea of exploiting molestation for laughs is funny , not actually exploiting it yourself
'll be too busy cursing the film 's strategically placed white sheets .
when it could have been so much more
its actors to draw out the menace of its sparse dialogue
its New England characters , most of whom wander about in thick clouds of denial
its absurdities and crudities
weak movie
whether you can tolerate Leon Barlow . I ca n't
which , as you watch them clumsily mugging their way through Snow Dogs , seems inconceivable
whether you think Kissinger was a calculating fiend or just a slippery self-promoter
too obvious or simplistic
too much of most viewers
too much on its plate
too much spitting for me to enjoy
too much stage business
too much heart
too much meandering , Norton has to recite bland police procedural details , Fiennes wanders around in an attempt to seem weird and distanced
too much obvious padding
If you go , pack your knitting needles
If you enjoy being rewarded by a script that assumes you are n't very bright , then Blood Work is for you .
If you really want to understand what this story is really all about , you 're far better served by the source material .
If you do n't flee , you might be seduced . If you do n't laugh , flee .
If you enjoy being rewarded by a script that assumes you are n't very bright
If you do n't laugh , flee
If you recognize Zeus ( the dog from Snatch ) it will make you wish you were at home watching that movie instead of in the theater watching this one .
is a remake by the numbers , linking a halfwit plot to a series of standup routines in which Wilson and Murphy show how funny they could have been in a more ambitious movie
with less of Mr. Eyre 's uninspired dramatics
with its unbelievable naïveté and arbitrary flashbacks
blends uneasily
she 's really done it this time . That chirpy songbird Britney Spears has popped up with more mindless drivel .
she ca n't see how insufferable the character is
's a feel-bad ending for a depressing story that throws a bunch of hot-button items in the viewer 's face and asks to be seen as hip , winking social commentary
's a feel-bad ending for a depressing story that throws a bunch of hot-button items in the viewer 's face and asks to be seen as hip , winking social commentary .
's a fanboy ` what if ? ' brought to life on the big screen
's a frightful vanity film that , no doubt , pays off what debt Miramax felt they owed to Benigni
is hardly the most original fantasy film ever made
with yawn-provoking dullness
with which to bludgeon myself unconscious
with unpleasant characters , hit-and-miss performances and awkwardly staged scenes
A very long movie
no laughs
no justice
no interesting concept can escape
no fun
no foundation for it
no idea what in creation is going on
thirty-five minutes of inflated nonsense
third-rate
third-rate romance
animation back 30 years , musicals back 40 years and
animation back 30 years , musicals back 40 years and Judaism back at least 50
animation back 30 years
animation back 30 years ,
animated movies in quite a while
a dull girl , that 's all
stymied by accents thick as mud
stymied by accents thick as mud .
morally bankrupt
within scams
more holes
more holes than Clyde Barrow 's car
more in common with a fireworks display than a movie , which normally is expected to have characters and a storyline
a hollow joke told by a cinematic gymnast having too much fun embellishing the misanthropic tale to actually engage it .
a hodgepodge of inconsistencies that pose the question
a hokey piece
a hokey piece of nonsense
a hokey piece of nonsense that tries too hard to be emotional
a hokey piece of nonsense that tries too hard to be emotional .
a hokey script
crazy , mixed-up films
crawls along at a snail 's pace
crass , then gasp for gas , verbal deportment
crawls along
crass , low-wattage
crass , then gasp for gas ,
crass , low-wattage endeavor
ungainly
inferior
how bad his movie is
uneasily
from hopeless sentimentality
Well-nigh unendurable
exactly the same ( as The Full Monty )
Well , it does go on forever .
Well-intentioned though it may be , its soap-opera morality tales have the antiseptic , preprogrammed feel of an after-school special .
the story and the somewhat predictable plot
the story goes nowhere
the story is far-flung , illogical , and plain stupid .
feels stitched together from stock situations and characters from other movies
might be wishing for a watch that makes time go faster rather than the other way around .
amateurish execution
amateurishness
amateur ' in almost every frame
am sorry that I was unable to get the full brunt of the comedy .
always too whimsical
am sorry that I was unable to get the full brunt of the comedy
scant place for the viewer
Shatner is probably the funniest person in the film , which gives you an idea just how bad it was .
Shallow
Shaky close-ups of turkey-on-rolls , stubbly chins , liver spots , red noses and the filmmakers new bobbed do draw easy chuckles but lead nowhere .
Shallow , noisy and pretentious .
Shallow , noisy and pretentious
Shamelessly sappy and , worse , runs away from its own provocative theme .
Michael Zaidan , was supposed to have like written the screenplay or something
Michele is a such a brainless flibbertigibbet that it 's hard to take her spiritual quest at all seriously .
so earnest , so overwrought and so wildly implausible
Killer
so emotionally predictable or bland
does not work .
does not work
so easily after a few tries and become expert fighters after a few weeks
does not make for much of a movie
does not live up to its style
does not make for much of a movie .
does not translate well to the screen
The only thing in Pauline and Paulette that you have n't seen before is a scene featuring a football field-sized Oriental rug crafted out of millions of vibrant flowers .
The only thing scary about feardotcom
The only thing '' swept away '' is the one hour and thirty-three minutes spent watching this waste of time .
The only question ... is to determine how well the schmaltz is manufactured -- to assess the quality of the manipulative engineering . Average , at best , I 'm afraid .
The only thing scary about feardotcom is that the filmmakers and studio are brazen enough to attempt to pass this stinker off as a scary movie .
The only thing that could possibly make them less interesting than they already are
Swept Away ' sinks .
biggest disappointments
bile , and irony
Sweet gentle Jesus , did the screenwriters just do a cut-and-paste of every bad action-movie line in history ?
Sweet Home Alabama is one dumb movie , but its stupidity is so relentlessly harmless that it almost wins you over in the end
combatants
Sweet Home Alabama is one dumb movie
In the long , dishonorable history of quickie teen-pop exploitation
the worst film a man has made about women since Valley of the Dolls
the worst National Lampoon film
would require many sessions on the couch of Dr. Freud
seems terrified of the book 's irreverent energy , and scotches most of its élan , humor , bile , and irony
, Snide and Prejudice .
( `` Safe Conduct '' ) is a long movie at 163 minutes
( `` Laissez-passer '' )
does n't generate a lot of energy
does n't figure in the present Hollywood program
does n't even try for the greatness that Happy Together shoots for ( and misses )
does n't even in passing mention political prisoners , poverty and the boat loads of people who try to escape the country
does n't even have potential as a cult film , as it 's too loud to shout insults at the screen
does n't even have potential as a cult film , as it 's too loud to shout insults at the screen .
feels empty and unsatisfying
feels free to offend
feels empty and unsatisfying ,
feels the dimming of a certain ambition
Mr . Goyer 's loose , unaccountable direction is technically sophisticated in the worst way .
you should avoid this like the dreaded King Brown snake . Personally
you shoot something on crummy-looking videotape
, so bizarre to the adult mind ,
both sides of this emotional car-wreck
: disappointment .
missed the boat .
`` horrible '' and `` terrible
`` if we put together a wry white man and a chatty black man and give them guns , the movie will be funny '' syndrome
missed opportunities .
missed opportunity and trifle than dark , decadent truffle
missed opportunity and trifle
missed the boat
missed opportunity and trifle than dark , decadent truffle .
, well , it 's also rarely coherent .
is without intent .
is without doubt an artist of uncompromising vision , but that vision is beginning to feel , if not morally bankrupt , at least terribly monotonous
is without doubt an artist of uncompromising vision , but that vision is beginning to feel , if not morally bankrupt , at least terribly monotonous .
is wrong in its sequel .
Holocaust films
However
However , it lacks grandeur
of a recent movie that has worked this hard to achieve this little fun
of a rejected TV show
of a pregnant premise being wasted by a script that takes few chances and manages to insult the intelligence of everyone in the audience
its paint-by-numbers plot
its paint fights , motorized scooter chases
grave and
would have preferred a transfer down the hall to Mr . Holland 's class for the music , or to Robin Williams 's lecture so I could listen to a teacher with humor , passion , and verve .
would have more reverence for the material .
would if this latest and laziest imaginable of all vintage-TV spinoffs were capable of engendering an emotional response of any kind
would have to be mighty bored to even think of staying with this for more than , say , ten ... make that three minutes
cried
crime drama
that plays like some weird masterpiece theater sketch with neither a point
two-dimensional offerings
movie-of-the-week , plain old blarney
deepest tragedies
tongue uncomfortably in cheek
cliched dialogue rip
clichéd and shallow
clichéd and
clichéd to a fault
clichéd and shallow cautionary tale
wrote Patch Adams , for which he should not be forgiven . Why he was given free reign over this project -- he wrote , directed , starred and produced -- is beyond me .
wrote Patch Adams , for which he should not be forgiven . Why he was given free reign over this project -- he wrote , directed , starred and produced -- is beyond me
two-dimensional and
overcook the hysteria
banal , cliched
banal script
barely enough plot to string the stunts together and not quite enough characterization to keep the faces straight
barely gives one pause when considering some of the other dreck out there right now .
how far Herzog has fallen
how bad this movie was , I would go back and choose to skip it .
how horrible we are to ourselves and each other
how horrible
how first-time director Kevin Donovan managed to find something new to add to the canon of Chan . Make Chan 's action sequences boring
its faults
wo n't be long before you 'll spy I Spy at a video store near you
turned Rice 's complex Akasha into a cartoon monster
're ready to hate one character ,
're the kind of parent who enjoys intentionally introducing your kids to films which will cause loads of irreparable damage that years and years of costly analysis could never fix
time-it-is tedious
it is missing
it is flawed
it is formula filmmaking
the 1980s
are infants
are infants ... who might be distracted by the movie 's quick movements and sounds .
are intimate and therefore bolder than the otherwise calculated artifice that defines and overwhelms the film 's production design
is disgusting to begin with
on dumb gags , anatomical humor , or character cliches
broad racial insensitivity
Wildly incompetent but brilliantly named Half Past Dead -- or for Seagal pessimists : Totally Past His Prime .
Wildly incompetent but brilliantly named Half Past Dead -- or for Seagal pessimists : Totally Past His Prime
like Bartleby , is something of a stiff -- an extra-dry office comedy that seems twice as long as its 83 minutes .
alone could force you to scratch a hole in your head .
alone , should scare any sane person away .
already tired
also shares the weaknesses of both genres , more
Todd Solondz ' oftentimes funny , yet ultimately cowardly autocritique
draws a picture of a man for whom political expedience became a deadly foreign policy
sophomoric
's undeniably hard to follow
the most severe kind
chokes on .
chokes on its own self-consciousness
chokes on its own self-consciousness .
choose to skip it
's a feature-length adaptation of one of those `` Can This Marriage Be Saved ?
the thousands of Americans who die hideously
the third feels limited by its short running time
the theater wondering why these people mattered
a movie that ends with Truckzilla , for cryin ' out loud . If that does n't clue you in that something 's horribly wrong , nothing will
a movie that starts out like Heathers , then becomes Bring it On , then becomes unwatchable
a movie that is definitely meaningless , vapid and devoid of substance
a movie this bad
this interminable , shapeless documentary about the swinging subculture
every indulgent , indie trick
every indulgent , indie trick in the book
, it 's tempting to jump ship in January to avoid ridiculous schlock like this shoddy suspense thriller .
bad ' police
, it 's the CliffsNotes with pages missing .
a highbrow , low-key , 102-minute infomercial
, it created whole new levels of ugly .
, it could be a lot better if it were , well , more adventurous .
profoundly devastating events
, brooding and slow
Memories of Rollerball have faded , and I skipped Country Bears . But this new jangle of noise , mayhem and stupidity must be a serious contender for the title
this schlocky horror\/action hybrid
, brash and mainly unfunny
tedious for the viewer who has to contend with unpleasant characters , hit-and-miss performances and awkwardly staged scenes
they could have been in a more ambitious movie
they are n't able to muster a lot of emotional resonance in the cold vacuum of space
they ca n't generate enough heat in this cold vacuum of a comedy to start a reaction .
they come , already having been recycled more times than I 'd care to count
be surefire casting . The catch is that they 're stuck with a script that prevents them from firing on all cylinders
be the biggest husband-and-wife disaster since John
Alas , another breathless movie about same
Alas , getting there is not even half the interest .
Alas , it 's neither .
barely stays afloat
this movie strives to be more , but does n't quite get there .
this movie strangely enough has the outdated swagger of a shameless '70s blaxploitation shuck-and-jive sitcom .
demented premise
Take away the controversy , and it 's not much more watchable than a Mexican soap opera
hits audiences with what may be his most demented film to date
show that hinges on the subgenre 's most enabling victim ... and an ebullient affection for industrial-model meat freezers
the picture fails to generate much suspense , nor does it ask searching enough questions to justify its pretensions
the picture fails to generate much suspense , nor
shows moments of promise but ultimately succumbs to cliches and pat storytelling
of the worst sin of attributable to a movie like this
of the worst movies of the year ... Watching it
of the worst movies of the year
of the worst movies of one year
of the worst films of the summer
betrayals
had the misfortune to watch in quite some time
, Sweet Home Alabama is taking another bummer of a wrong turn .
tedious adolescent melodramatics
the picture fails to generate much suspense ,
loses its overall sense of mystery and
loses its overall sense of mystery
fizzles like a wet stick of dynamite
loses his focus when he concentrates on any single person
loses his focus
flattens instead of sharpens
flattens instead of sharpens .
flatula
tedious as one
Moot point .
americans who die hideously
amount to much of anything
amounts to being lectured to by tech-geeks
amounts to being lectured to by tech-geeks ,
if you 're just in the mood for a fun -- but bad -- movie
if tragic )
if they were coming back from Stock Character camp -- a drowsy drama infatuated by its own pretentious self-examination
loud , ugly , irritating
loud , ugly , irritating movie
loud , violent and mindless
loud , witless mess
loud , bang-the-drum
loud , brash and mainly unfunny
its solemn pretension
a central plot that 's peppered with false starts and populated by characters who are nearly impossible to care about
stupidity , incoherence and sub-sophomoric
stupidities
a crucial third act miscalculation
pro-serb propaganda
problem
intellectual bankruptcy
, more time appears to have gone into recruiting the right bands for the playlist and the costuming of the stars than into the script , which has a handful of smart jokes and not much else .
, more inadvertent ones and stunningly trite
, more frantic than involving , more chaotic than entertaining .
, miserable and smug . This is one of the biggest disappointments of the year .
is shockingly devoid of your typical Majid Majidi shoe-loving , crippled children
soon proves preposterous , the acting is robotically italicized ,
grotesque
ground that has long passed the point of being fertile
overlooked pitfalls
overly convenient
overly convenient plot twists
overlong soap
overly old-fashioned
overly-familiar
sophomore slump
cute and forgettable
cynicism
a work that 's more interested in asking questions than in answering them
a word : No
soppy
sordid of human behavior on the screen ,
sordid of human behavior on the screen
sorriest
Filmmaker Stacy Peralta has a flashy editing style that does n't always jell with Sean Penn 's monotone narration
being a clichéd , doddering , misogynistic boy 's club
being an unusual sci-fi character study to a chase flick that detracts from its ending
misfire that even Tunney ca n't save .
much like an infomercial for Ram Dass 's latest book aimed at the boomer demographic .
misfire
the horrors of the killing field and the barbarism of ` ethnic cleansing
refuses to offer much accompanying sustenance in the way of characterization , humor or plain old popcorn fun .
puréed mélange
pure wankery
psychotic
psychologically unpersuasive
a useless movie
a troubled and determined homicide cop
isolation
is unapologetically dumb
and ostensible adults
that it 's also too stupid to realize that they 've already seen this exact same movie a hundred times
and pee jokes
that it 's too close to real life to make sense
that it can not even be dubbed hedonistic
and ponderously mope around trying to strike lightning as captured by their 1970s predecessors
few laughs and not much drama
looks as if it were made by a highly gifted 12-year-old instead of a grown man
supermarket tabloids
supply too much of the energy in a film that is , overall , far too staid for its subject matter
... less a story than an inexplicable nightmare , right down to the population 's shrugging acceptance to each new horror .
a brazenly misguided project
it does n't even try for the greatness that Happy Together shoots for ( and misses )
it did n't
it does a disservice to the audience and to the genre .
liberal arts college bumper sticker platitudes
it does n't improve upon the experience of staring at a blank screen
to dig deep to sink this low
to cut through the sugar coating
An unwise amalgam of Broadcast News and Vibes .
An unsuccessful attempt at a movie
badness that is Deuces Wild
worst harangues
badly edited , 91-minute trailer
worst possibilities
badly edited
there are no unforgettably stupid stunts or uproariously rude lines of dialogue to remember it by
there are n't many reasons anyone would want to see Crossroads if they 're not big fans of teen pop kitten Britney Spears
there are moviegoers anxious to see strange young guys doing strange guy things
three terminally depressed , mostly inarticulate , hyper dysfunctional families for the price of one
there are side stories aplenty -- none of them memorable
be little more than another platter of reheated Aliens
Do we really need a 77-minute film to tell us exactly why a romantic relationship between a 15-year-old boy and a 40-year-old woman does n't work
profound , and hyper-cliched
hideous yellow
hideous , confusing spectacle
hideous
hides behind obviously constructed routines
While the film misfires at every level
While the film is competent , it 's also uninspired , lacking the real talent and wit to elevate it beyond its formula to the level of classic romantic comedy to which it aspires .
sociopath who 's the scariest of sadists .
, it might be like trying to eat Brussels sprouts .
, it probably wo n't have you swinging from the trees hooting it 's praises
, it still seems endless .
, it seems to lack substance .
, it would be rendered tedious by Avary 's failure to construct a story with even a trace of dramatic interest .
This u-boat does n't have a captain .
The sinister inspiration that fuelled DeVito 's early work is confused in Death to Smoochy into something both ugly and mindless .
The smug , oily demeanor that Donovan adopts throughout the stupidly named Pipe Dream is just repulsive .
The smug , oily demeanor that Donovan adopts throughout the stupidly named Pipe Dream
The smug , oily demeanor
The situations and jokes are as predictable and as lowbrow as the endless pratfalls the boys take in their high heels .
The so-inept - it 's - surreal dubbing ( featuring the voices of Glenn Close , Regis Philbin and Breckin Meyer ) brings back memories of cheesy old Godzilla flicks .
a sick and evil woman
a sickening thud
becomes a simplistic story about a dysfunctional parent-child relationship
become smug or sanctimonious
pooper-scoopers
poor Hermocrates and Leontine
poor acting
poor fit
poor casting
's a reason the studio did n't offer an advance screening .
's a reason the studio did n't offer an advance screening
's a pale imitation .
astronomically bad
astonishingly condescending attitude
astonishingly condescending
at , but its not very informative about its titular character and no more challenging than your average television biopic
the guilty
Full Frontal '' seems , well , contrived
From the choppy editing to the annoying score to ` special effects ' by way of replacing objects in a character 's hands below the camera line , `` Besotted '' is misbegotten
Frida is n't that much different from many a Hollywood romance .
Just one more collection of penis , breast and flatulence gags in search of a story . Or a profit . Or some damn thing .
K-19 may not hold a lot of water as a submarine epic
K-19 exploits our substantial collective fear of nuclear holocaust to generate cheap Hollywood tension .
Just when the movie seems confident enough to handle subtlety , it dives into soapy bathos .
K-19 may not hold a lot of water as a submarine epic ,
, shapeless documentary
, self-important stories
, revolting
, romantic comedy with a fresh point of view just does n't figure in the present Hollywood program .
, save your disgust and your indifference
every bit as awful as Borchardt 's Coven
every bizarre old-movie idiosyncrasy with such monastic devotion you 're not sure if you should applaud or look into having him committed
shooting fish in a barrel
based on stock clichés
, and the thinness of its characterizations makes it a failure as straight drama . '
And when you 're talking about a slapstick comedy , that 's a pretty big problem .
it 's just a kids ' flick
it 's hard to imagine a more generic effort in the genre .
it 's harder still to believe that anyone in his right mind would want to see the it .
it 's hardly a necessary enterprise .
National Lampoon 's Van Wilder could be the worst thing to come out of National Lampoon since Class Reunion
Needed a little less bling-bling and a lot more romance
Needed a little less bling-bling and a lot more romance .
pulp melodrama
`` Bad '' is the operative word for `` Bad Company , '' and
`` Bad '' is the operative word for `` Bad Company , '' and I do n't mean that in a good way .
good to speak about other than the fact that it is relatively short
Apparently , romantic comedy with a fresh point of view just does n't figure in the present Hollywood program .
Apparently writer-director Attal thought he need only cast himself
Anyone who suffers through this film
Anyone who suffers through this film deserves , at the very least , a big box of consolation candy .
Anyone who wants to start writing screenplays can just follow the same blueprint from hundreds of other films , sell it to the highest bidder and walk away without anyone truly knowing your identity .
Apparently writer-director Attal thought he need only cast himself and
Apparently writer-director Attal thought he need only cast himself and his movie-star wife sitting around in their drawers to justify a film
is the conceit , this is one of those rare pictures that you root for throughout , dearly hoping that the rich promise of the script will be realized on the screen . It never is , not fully .
may find themselves stifling a yawn or two during the first hour
is the central flaw of the film
' cheats on itself and retreats to comfortable territory . Too bad .
' is a movie about a bus wreck that turns into a film wreck .
' it is far too self-conscious to draw you deeply into its world .
' left me with a very bad feeling .
it was , as my friend David Cross would call it , ` Hungry-Man portions of bad '
drabness endemic to digital video .
that crawls along at a snail 's pace
drabness endemic to digital video
if '' gory mayhem '' is your idea of a good time
idiotic
the sports arena that surely can not last
the story is just too slim .
which works so well for the first 89 minutes , but ends so horrendously confusing
some of this worn-out , pandering palaver
some of this laughable dialogue
some of the year 's ( unintentionally ) funniest moments , that it 's impossible to care
other than its exploitive array of obligatory cheap
other than fling gags at it
other than to employ Hollywood kids and people who owe favors to their famous parents .
think this movie loves women at all
the ridiculous Bolero
to the bitter end
to the bloated costume drama
just like the deli sandwich : lots of ham , lots of cheese , with a sickly sweet coating to disguise its excrescence until just after ( or during ) consumption of its second half .
just one long drag
just one long
just like the deli sandwich : lots of ham , lots of cheese , with a sickly sweet coating to disguise its excrescence until just after ( or during ) consumption of its second half
just plain
just one that could easily wait for your pay per view dollar
know whether it wants to be a suspenseful horror movie or a weepy melodrama .
know the meaning of the word ` quit
know that ten bucks you 'd spend on a ticket ?
with acting ambition but no sense of pride or shame
too conventional -- lots of boring talking heads , etc . -- to do the subject matter justice
too burdened by the actor
Will undoubtedly play well in European markets , where Mr. Besson is a brand name , and in Asia , where Ms. Shu is an institution , but American audiences will probably find it familiar and insufficiently cathartic .
has definite weaknesses
bug-eyed mugging
bug-eyed mugging and gay-niche condescension
a shallow rumination on the emptiness of success
Mel
Take Care is nicely performed by a quintet of actresses , but nonetheless it drags during its 112-minute length .
a summer-camp talent show : hastily written
a such a brainless flibbertigibbet
a subzero version
a subzero version of Monsters , Inc . ,
rude and crude humor
rude lines
routine stuff Yuen
routine action and jokes like this
routine action and jokes like this are your cup of tea , then pay your $ 8 and get ready for the big shear .
routine crime
routine is offensive , puerile and unimaginatively foul-mouthed if it was at least funny
not taken
not smart and
not smart and not engaging
not smelly enough to bother despising
not really funny
not scary
not scary , not smart and not engaging
not smart
I 've always dreamed of attending Cannes , but after seeing this film , it 's not that big a deal
as the protagonists struggled
suffers from a philosophical emptiness and maddeningly sedate pacing
suffers from a philosophical emptiness and maddeningly sedate pacing .
suffers from a paunchy midsection , several plodding action sequences and a wickedly undramatic central theme
suffers from a paunchy midsection , several plodding action sequences and a wickedly undramatic central theme .
suffers because it does n't have enough vices to merit its 103-minute length .
suffering from a severe case of Hollywood-itis
suffers because it does n't have enough vices to merit its 103-minute length
suffers from the addition of a wholly unnecessary pre-credit sequence designed to give some of the characters a ` back story
easy , cynical potshots at morally bankrupt characters
easy , cynical potshots
, young science fiction fans will stomp away in disgust .
, you need a constant influx of liquid just to get through it
, you realize that it is made up of three episodes of a rejected TV show .
, you wo n't know much more when you leave .
, you yearn for a few airborne TV sets or nude groupies on the nod to liven things up .
, you may decide it 's too high a price to pay for a shimmering picture postcard .
, you might be wishing for a watch that makes time go faster rather than the other way around .
in a contest to see who can out-bad-act the other .
pat for its own good
past its natural length
gives the quickly named Blossom , Bubbles and Buttercup supernatural powers that include extraordinary strength and laser-beam eyes , which unfortunately do n't enable them to discern flimsy screenplays .
gives the quickly named Blossom , Bubbles and Buttercup supernatural powers that include extraordinary strength and laser-beam eyes , which unfortunately do n't enable them to discern flimsy screenplays
gives poor Dana Carvey nothing
gives poor Dana Carvey nothing to do that is really funny
your dialogue is n't smart
your end-of-year 401 ( k ) statement
which is often preachy and poorly acted
which might have been called Freddy Gets Molested by a Dog )
which obviously did n't invest much into itself either
which somewhat dilutes the pleasure of watching them
laughably
laughable in the solemnity with which it tries to pump life into overworked elements from Eastwood 's Dirty Harry period
A frustrating combination of strained humor and heavy-handed sentimentality .
A fragile framework upon which to hang broad , mildly fleshed-out characters that seem to have been conjured up only 10 minutes prior to filming .
A frantic search for laughs , with a hit-to-miss ratio that does n't exactly favour the audience
's really wrong with this ricture
\/ Like puppies with broken legs \ \/ And butterflies that die \ \/ And movies starring pop queens
the film is an agonizing
Frank Capra played this story straight . But the 2002 film does n't really believe in it , and breaks the mood with absurdly inappropriate ` comedy ' scenes
as an evil , monstrous lunatic
as an exploratory medical procedure or an autopsy
as any other Arnie musclefest
only qualify as a terrible tragedy
The very definition of what critics have come to term an '' ambitious failure . ''
The very definition of what critics have come to term an '' ambitious failure
The very definition of what critics have come to term an '' ambitious failure .
The verdict : Two bodies and hardly a laugh between them
The verdict : Two bodies and hardly a laugh between them .
a comedy that 's not very funny
trying simply to out-shock , out-outrage or out-depress its potential audience ! Who knew
This flat run at a hip-hop Tootsie is so poorly paced you could fit all of Pootie Tang in between its punchlines .
This film biggest problem ? No laughs
This film biggest problem ? No laughs .
This flat run
the most positive thing that can be said about the new Rob Schneider vehicle
pomposity and pretentiousness
silly street patois
simple '' Goddammit
a dull
a doubt
a dim-witted pairing of teen-speak and animal gibberish
a dim-witted pairing
asks the question how much souvlaki can you take before indigestion sets in
assaultive
assault
at an egg timer for 93 minutes
the most plain , unimaginative romantic comedies I
As your relatives swap one mundane story after another , you begin to wonder if they are ever going to depart .
paper-thin and decidedly unoriginal
paper-thin and
Glazed with a tawdry B-movie scum .
Glazed with a tawdry B-movie scum
paper-thin , and their personalities undergo radical changes when it suits the script
Glizty but formulaic and silly ... Cagney 's ` top of the world ' has been replaced by the bottom of the barrel .
Aside from the fact that the film idiotically uses the website feardotcom.com or the improperly hammy performance from poor Stephen Rea
slapdash disaster . A DOA dud from frame one
it ever becoming preachy or syrupy
about bad cinema
about as interesting
about as much resemblance to the experiences of most battered women as Spider-Man
too pat and familiar to hold my interest
too sappy
too ragged to ever fit smoothly together
too predictable and far too cliched
the most pitiful directing
too predictable and
no cliche unturned
watching this film nearly provoked me to take my own life .
Mike Myers shows up and ruins everything
hash
hate El Crimen del Padre Amaro because it 's anti-Catholic
hate it .
hastily and
hastily and amateurishly
hate myself
hate myself most mornings
of asparagus . If you 're not a fan , it might be like trying to eat Brussels sprouts
Lightweight
Like Mike does n't win any points for originality .
whenever the film 's lamer instincts are in the saddle
This movie may not have the highest production values you 've ever seen , but
This movie may not have the highest production values you 've ever seen ,
This movie may not have the highest production values you 've ever seen
it 's far tamer than advertised
it 's far too slight and introspective to appeal to anything wider than a niche audience .
it 's hard to figure the depth of these two literary figures , and even the times in which they lived .
like The Rock on a Wal-Mart budget
like Stealing Harvard , which fails to keep 80 minutes from seeming like 800
like Scorsese 's Mean Streets redone by someone who ignored it in favor of old ` juvenile delinquent ' paperbacks with titles like Leather Warriors and Switchblade Sexpot
names to remember , in order to avoid them in the future
naïveté
naïveté and arbitrary flashbacks
naïveté and arbitrary
It 's just weirdness for the sake of weirdness
It 's just weirdness for the sake of weirdness ,
It 's horribly depressing and not very well done .
It 's in the action scenes that things fall apart .
It 's hard to understand why anyone in his right mind would even think to make the attraction a movie . And it 's harder still to believe that anyone in his right mind would want to see the it
It 's hard to understand why anyone in his right mind would even think to make the attraction a movie . And it 's harder still to believe that anyone in his right mind would want to see the it .
It 's just rather leaden and dull .
It 's just merely very bad
with a storyline that never quite delivers the original magic
saving the movie . Sorry , Charlie
is instead a cheap cliché
is incompetent , incoherent or just plain crap
is inane and awful
is in the end an honorable , interesting failure . It falls far short of poetry
Certain to be distasteful to children and adults alike
the cruelty and suffering
takes its title all too literally
graphic violence
gratingly unfunny
gratingly unfunny groaner
grating , mannered onscreen presence
implausible
implausible platonic
implausible platonic romance
them less interesting than they already are
kinda dumb . And second , what 's with all the shooting
kinda dumb . And
kinda dumb .
is so deadly dull that watching the proverbial paint dry would be a welcome improvement
is so deadly dull
is so convinced of its own brilliance that , if it were a person , you 'd want to smash its face in . '
is so convinced of its own brilliance that , if it were a person , you 'd want to smash its face in .
is so deadly dull that watching the proverbial paint dry would be a welcome improvement .
unattractive or odorous
unappealing
is awful . It 's Pauly Shore awful . Do n't say you were n't warned
is awful . It 's Pauly Shore awful . Do n't say you were n't warned .
is bad
to run over two hours
bruising
in truth , cruel as it may sound , he makes Arnold Schwarzenegger look like Spencer Tracy .
's hard to shake the feeling that it was intended to be a different kind of film
in what is essentially an extended soap opera
in which a guy dressed as a children 's party clown gets violently gang-raped
in which the rest of the cast was outshined by LL Cool J.
's hard to imagine that even very small children will be impressed by this tired retread
's hard to imagine another director ever making his wife look so bad in a major movie .
's hard to say who might enjoy this , are there Tolstoy groupies out there ? It 's dark and tragic , and lets the business of the greedy talent agents get in the way of saying something meaningful about facing death
's hard to pity the ` plain ' girl who becomes a ravishing waif after applying a smear of lip-gloss . Rather , pity anyone who sees this mishmash .
's hard to pity the ` plain ' girl who becomes a ravishing waif after applying a smear of lip-gloss . Rather , pity anyone who sees this mishmash
wincingly
cares passionately about its subject , but too often becomes ponderous in its teaching of history ,
but occasionally stretches believability to its limits and relies on predictable plot contrivances
on the soullessness of work
( but ultimately silly
( but none of the sheer lust )
feel the wasted potential of this slapstick comedy
static set ups , not much camera movement ,
static set ups , not much camera movement
static set ups ,
blandly directed
hell-jaunt purists
bliss-less
might as well have come from a Xerox machine rather than ( writer-director ) Franc . Reyes ' word processor .
might as well have come from a Xerox machine rather than ( writer-director ) Franc . Reyes ' word processor
might as well have been titled Generic Jennifer Lopez Romantic Comedy
might be distracted by the movie 's quick movements and
might be disappointed in the relative modesty of a movie that sports a ` topless tutorial service
might be best forgotten
might be distracted by the movie 's quick movements and sounds
the inevitable Hollywood remake
Middle American musical torpor
formula -- which is a waste of De Niro , McDormand and the other good actors in the cast
awry
awkwardly staged scenes
awkwardly paced soap opera-ish story
formulaic , its plot and pacing typical Hollywood war-movie stuff
formulaic , its plot and pacing typical Hollywood war-movie stuff ,
formula mercilessly
formulaic ,
bad ,
humorless and
humorless soap opera
tired as its protagonist
to make you wish Jacquot had left well enough alone and just filmed the opera without all these distortions of perspective
Contains all the substance of a Twinkie -- easy to swallow , but scarcely nourishing .
sogginess
brooding and slow
brought down by lousy direction
is an impossible task
's the kind of movie that ends up festooning U.S. art house screens for no reason other than the fact that it 's in French ( well , mostly ) with English subtitles and is magically ` significant ' because of that
's that painful .
Spanish inquisitions about her '' madness '' so much that I became mad that I wasted 123 minutes and $ 9 .
Spain 's greatest star wattage does n't overcome the tumult of maudlin tragedy .
one that was hard for me to warm up to
dealing with dreams , visions or being told what actually happened as if it were the third ending of Clue
death and mind-numbing indifference on the inner-city streets
death and mind-numbing indifference
detract from the affection of that moral favorite
I walked out of Runteldat
I walked away not really know who `` they '' were , what `` they '' looked like .
a rating of zero
The film takes too long getting to the good stuff , then takes too long figuring out what to do next .
The film takes too long getting to the good stuff
The film seems a dead weight . The lack of pace kills it , although , in a movie about cancer , this might be apt .
The film seems a dead weight .
The film might have been more satisfying if it had , in fact , been fleshed out a little more instead of going for easy smiles .
The film meant well in its horse tale about freedom , but was n't able to reach the heart because it was too overbearing .
The film makes a tragic error by going on for too long , trying to mirror every subsequent event in Chinese history : war , revolution , Communism , etc .
The film makes a fatal mistake : It asks us to care about a young man whose only apparent virtue is that he is not quite as unpleasant as some of the people in his life .
With very little to add beyond the dark visions already relayed by superb recent predecessors like Swimming With Sharks and The Player , this latest skewering
With very little to add beyond the dark visions already relayed by superb recent predecessors like Swimming With Sharks and The Player , this latest skewering ... may put off insiders and outsiders alike .
rhetoric and cliché
of Chinese , one which can only qualify as a terrible tragedy
aged
aggressively nerve-wracking
aging hippies
aging hippies ( this one included )
odd and
pushes its agenda too forcefully
Blue Crush is as predictable as the tides ... The movie feels stitched together from stock situations and characters from other movies .
Boasting some of the most poorly staged and lit action in memory
A bad movie that happened to good actors .
Blue Crush is as predictable as the tides
Blue Crush is as predictable as the tides ...
Blue Crush is as predictable as the tides ... The movie feels stitched together from stock situations and characters from other movies
Two tedious
Boasts eye-catching art direction but has a forcefully quirky tone that quickly wears out its limited welcome .
Two badly interlocked stories drowned by all too clever complexity .
if you expect light romantic comedy , good gosh
if you ca n't pronounce `` gyro '' correctly
if you appreciate the one-sided theme to Lawrence 's over-indulgent tirade , then knock yourself out and enjoy the big screen postcard that is a self-glorified Martin Lawrence lovefest .
if you 've watched the far superior Nurse Betty or Sunset Boulevard
that they 're playing characters who sometimes feel more like literary conceits than flesh-and-blood humans
that this film , like the similarly ill-timed Antitrust , is easily as bad at a fraction the budget
trapped by them , forced to change behavior in bizarre unjustified fashion and
strangely unsatisfied
stranded with nothing more than our lesser appetites
strands his superb performers in the same old story
Offensive in the way it exploits the hot-button issue of domestic abuse for cheap thrills
Offensive in the way it exploits the hot-button issue of domestic abuse for cheap thrills and
Offensive
Offensive in the way it exploits the hot-button issue of domestic abuse for cheap
Offers absolutely nothing I had n't already seen .
Offensive in the way it exploits the hot-button issue of domestic abuse for cheap thrills and disgusting in the manner it repeatedly puts a small child in jeopardy , treating her as little more than a prop to be cruelly tormented
Offensive in the way it exploits the hot-button issue of domestic abuse for cheap thrills and disgusting in the manner it repeatedly puts a small child in jeopardy , treating her as little more than a prop to be cruelly tormented .
Offers very little genuine romance and
Offers very little genuine romance and even fewer laughs
The Movie could have been made 40 years ago ,
The Movie could have been made 40 years ago , and
for the full 90 minutes , especially with the weak payoff
for the film 's publicists or for people who take as many drugs as the film 's characters
is n't quite one of the worst movies of the year . It 's just merely very bad
is n't quite enough to drag along the dead ( water ) weight of the other
is n't quite out of ripe
is n't quite one of the worst movies of the year . It 's just merely very bad .
lumpen
lunacy
make either of Val Kilmer 's two personas interesting or worth caring about
directed by Alan Taylor , Napoleon 's journey is interesting but his Parisian rebirth is stillborn
Personal Velocity has a no-frills docu-Dogma plainness , yet
Personally , I 'd rather watch them on the Animal Planet .
Broder 's screenplay is shallow , offensive and redundant , with pitifully few real laughs .
may be too narrow to attract crossover viewers .
may find 80 minutes of these shenanigans exhausting
may be ploughing the same furrow once too often
may be ploughing the same furrow once too often .
may be the first cartoon ever to look as if it were being shown on the projection television screen of a sports bar .
warning you
may find The Singles Ward occasionally bewildering .
of a truly frightening situation
of a shameless ` 70s blaxploitation shuck-and-jive sitcom
of a play that only ever walked the delicate tightrope between farcical and loathsome
The bland
The biggest problem with Roger Avary 's uproar against the MPAA is that , even in all its director 's cut glory , he 's made a film that 's barely shocking , barely interesting and most of all , barely anything .
The big ending surprise almost saves the movie . It 's too bad that the rest is n't more compelling .
more than she can handle
Godard 's ode to tackling life 's wonderment is a rambling and incoherent manifesto about the vagueness of topical excess ...
Godard 's ode to tackling life 's wonderment is a rambling and incoherent manifesto about the vagueness of topical excess ... In Praise of Love remains a ponderous and pretentious endeavor that 's unfocused and tediously exasperating
Godard 's ode to tackling life 's wonderment is a rambling and incoherent manifesto about the vagueness of topical excess ... In Praise of Love remains a ponderous and pretentious endeavor that 's unfocused and tediously exasperating .
Godard uses his characters -- if that 's not too glorified a term -- as art things
Godard uses his characters -- if that 's not too glorified a term -- as art things , mouthpieces , visual motifs , blanks .
were in diapers when the original was released in 1987 ... this story gets sillier , not scarier , as it goes along
Might have been better off as a documentary , with less of Mr. Eyre 's uninspired dramatics and more of his sense of observation and outrage .
almost taste the desiccated air
also tempered with elements which prove the direct antithesis of what it gets right
it 's just another sports drama\/character study . Yet
were less densely plotted
while it evaporates like so much crypt mist in the brain
unpleasant details
as a result , it makes for only intermittent fun
as a relic from a bygone era , and its convolutions ... feel silly rather than plausible
as a seemingly brainless
his ( Nelson 's ) screenplay needs some serious re-working to show more of the dilemma , rather than have his characters stage shouting
his ( Nelson 's ) screenplay needs some serious re-working to show more of the dilemma , rather than have his characters stage shouting matches about it .
stupor
style adventure that plays like a bad soap opera , with passable performances from everyone in the cast
a pale imitation
stupidly
stupidly named
stupidly named Pipe Dream
workshop mentality
year late for tapping into our reality tv obsession
year late for tapping into our reality tv
so many merchandised-to-the-max movies
Precocious smarter-than-thou wayward teen struggles to rebel against his oppressive , right-wing , propriety-obsessed family . Anyone else seen this before ?
so lackluster
so long as there are moviegoers anxious to see strange young guys doing strange guy things
so low in a poorly
so many false scares
so many flaws
who comes to America speaking not a word of English
Precocious
i 'm giving it thumbs down due to the endlessly repetitive scenes of embarrassment . there 's got to be a more graceful way of portraying the devastation of this disease
i 'm giving it thumbs down due to the endlessly repetitive scenes of embarrassment . there
i 'm giving it thumbs down due to the endlessly repetitive scenes of embarrassment . there 's got to be a more graceful way of portraying the devastation of this disease .
i 'm all for the mentally challenged getting their fair shot in the movie business , but surely it does n't have to be as a collection of keening and self-mutilating sideshow geeks .
i 'm all for the mentally challenged getting their fair shot in the movie business , but surely it does n't have to be as a collection of keening and self-mutilating sideshow geeks
i 'm giving it thumbs down due to the endlessly repetitive scenes of embarrassment .
i 'm giving it thumbs down due to the endlessly repetitive scenes of embarrassment
got lost in the `` soon-to-be-forgettable '' section of the quirky rip-off prison romp pile
got lost in the `` soon-to-be-forgettable '' section of the quirky rip-off prison romp pile .
goofball stunts any `` Jackass '' fan
ultimately disappoint the action
ugly and
's as if Solondz had two ideas for two movies , could n't really figure out how to flesh either out
's as if Allen , at 66 , has stopped challenging himself
's as if Allen , at 66 , has stopped challenging himself .
's apparently nothing left to work with , sort of like Michael Jackson 's nose
's apparently nothing left to work with , sort of like Michael Jackson 's nose .
's an unhappy situation all around .
's an unhappy situation
's an unhappy situation all around
is a big letdown .
with some contrived banter , cliches and some loose ends
mopes through a dreary tract of virtually plotless meanderings
mopes
with if you took Orwell , Bradbury , Kafka , George Lucas and the Wachowski Brothers and threw them into a blender . But that 's just the problem with it
with his fake backdrops and stately pacing
with hazy motivations that never come into focus
with half the demons , half the daring , much less talent , many fewer laughs .
that was hard for me to warm up to
that was n't at least watchable
Your nightmares , on the other hand
and murky cinematography
and not always for the better
limply
limited
The movie weighs no more than a glass of flat champagne .
are forced to grapple with hazy motivations that never come into focus
a lifeless movie
a listless climb
a life like this can sound so dull
for instance , good things happen to bad people
cursing
cursing the film 's strategically placed white sheets
watch them go about their daily activities for two whole hours
be funny if a bunch of Allied soldiers went undercover as women in a German factory during World War II ? Um , no . But here 's a movie about it anyway
be funny in a way that 's too loud , too goofy and too short of an attention span
A listless sci-fi comedy in which Eddie Murphy deploys two
be forgiven for frequently pandering to fans of the gross-out comedy
be forgiven for realizing that you 've spent the past 20 minutes looking at your watch and waiting for Frida to just die already
be found in Sara Sugarman 's whimsical comedy Very Annie-Mary but not enough to sustain the film
A limp Eddie Murphy vehicle that even he seems embarrassed to be part of .
A lightweight , uneven action comedy that freely mingles French , Japanese and Hollywood cultures .
A cross between Blow and Boyz N The Hood , this movie strives to be more , but does n't quite get there .
A dark comedy that goes for sick and demented humor simply to do so .
airs just about every cliche in the war movie compendium across its indulgent two-hour-and-fifteen-minute length
airs just about every cliche in the war movie compendium across its indulgent two-hour-and-fifteen-minute length .
Van Wilder brings a whole new meaning to the phrase ` comedy gag . ' At least one scene is so disgusting that viewers may be hard pressed to retain their lunch .
Van Wilder brings a whole new meaning to the phrase ` comedy gag . ' At least one scene is so disgusting that viewers may be hard pressed to retain their lunch
Van Wilder brings a whole new meaning to the phrase ` comedy gag
Van Wilder does n't bring anything new to the proverbial table ,
think of staying with this for more than , say , ten
doubt the filmmakers ' motives
doubt that Peter O'Fallon did n't have an original bone in his body
double-barreled rip-off
serves up a cruel reminder of the fate of hundreds of thousands of Chinese , one which can only qualify as a terrible tragedy .
exploiting the novelty of the ''
exploiting molestation for laughs
Purgatory County
a barely tolerable slog over well-trod ground
Skins has a right to yawp , and we have a right to our grains of salt
Sit through this one , and you wo n't need a magic watch to stop time ; your DVD player will do it for you .
Lan Yu lacks a sense of dramatic urgency
Opera on film is never satisfactory . The art demands live viewing . The innate theatrics that provide its thrills and extreme emotions lose their luster when flattened onscreen .
derivativeness
derivative to stand on its own as the psychological thriller it purports to be
to imagine any recent film , independent or otherwise , that makes as much of a mess as this one
to induce sleep than fright
At its worst
drained of life in an attempt to be sober and educational
drama and exasperatingly slow journey
, its shortness disappoints
things insipid
things like '' si , pretty much '' and '' por favor , go home '' when talking to Americans . That 's muy loco , but no more ridiculous than most of the rest of '' Dragonfly
drug dealers , kidnapping , and unsavory folks
art-house obscurities
extreme unease
run-of-the-filth gangster flicks
run-of-the-filth
runs out of ideas
It 's one thing to read about or rail against the ongoing - and unprecedented - construction project going on over our heads .
shoestring and unevenly
Human Nature talks the talk , but it fails to walk the silly walk that distinguishes the merely quirky from the surreal
Human Nature talks the talk , but it fails to walk the silly walk that distinguishes the merely quirky from the surreal .
Hudlin is stuck trying to light a fire with soggy leaves .
buy into the notion that something inexplicably strange once happened in Point Pleasant
vainly , I think
and hell
's frustrating to see these guys -- who are obviously pretty clever -- waste their talent on parodies of things they probably thought were funniest when they were high .
's forced to make its characters idiots in order to advance the plot
's extremely hard to relate to any of the characters
's fitting that a movie as artificial and soulless as The Country Bears owes its genesis to an animatronic display at Disneyland .
's fitting that a movie as artificial and soulless as The Country Bears owes its genesis to an animatronic display at Disneyland
on a dime in the tries-so-hard-to-be-cool '' Clockstoppers
on a Wal-Mart budget
the dumbest , sketchiest movie on record about an aspiring writer 's coming-of-age
you 'll be thinking of 51 ways to leave this loser .
you 'll be as bored watching Morvern Callar as the characters are in it . If you go , pack your knitting needles
you 'd want to smash its face in
you 'd probably turn it off , convinced that you had already seen that movie .
you 'd have a hard time believing it was just coincidence .
It feels like an after-school special gussied up with some fancy special effects ,
It feels like an after-school special gussied up with some fancy special effects , and
It does nothing new with the old story , except to show fisticuffs in this sort of stop-go slow motion that makes the gang rumbles look like they 're being streamed over a 28K modem .
It feels like a community theater production of a great Broadway play
It feels like a community theater production of a great Broadway play :
It feels like a community theater production of a great Broadway play : Even at its best , it will never hold a candle to the original
It feels like a community theater production of a great Broadway play : Even at its best , it will never hold a candle to the original .
It feels like an after-school special gussied up with some fancy special effects
has fallen
has generic virtues ,
was , as my friend David Cross would call it , ` Hungry-Man portions of bad '
warped logic by writer-director Kurt Wimmer
Watching Haneke 's film is , aptly enough , a challenge and a punishment . But
is interminable
we all could have stopped watching long ago .
to be a comedy and too silly to be an effective horror film
the dumbest , sketchiest movie
to be a directing license , so that Ed Burns can have his revoked
implied in the title Pokémon 4ever is terrifying
immature provocations
immediately succumbs to gravity and plummets to earth .
imagine anybody ever being `` in the mood '' to view a movie as harrowing and painful as The Grey Zone
imagine that most every aggrieved father cliché has been unturned
heartstring untugged
Overly stylized with lots of flash black - & - white freeze frames reminiscent of a pseudo-hip luxury car commercial , ( it 's ) at its worst when it 's actually inside the ring
Outside of Burger 's desire to make some kind of film , it 's really unclear why this project was undertaken
Overall the film feels like a low-budget TV pilot that could not find a buyer to play it on the tube .
Overall , the film misses the brilliance of Jelinek 's novel by some way . It settles for being merely grim .
were an obligation
is not quite the career peak
would be to underestimate just how dangerous entertainments like it can be .
would be to underestimate just how dangerous entertainments like it can be
fritters away
fritters away its potentially interesting subject matter via a banal script
of college dorm rooms , a subtlety that makes the silly , over-the-top coda especially disappointing
of continuity errors
death report
death penalty
deceitful
of its own grasp of the absurd
a movie that takes such a speedy swan dive from
worn a bit thin
hooting
but overall limp ,
A frustrating ` tweener '
most poorly staged and
most poorly staged and lit
most plain , unimaginative romantic comedies I
most poorly staged
most pitiful directing
most plain , unimaginative
most pitiful
high-strung
that just seem like a bad idea from frame one
that keep getting thrown in people 's faces to the fact Amber is such a joke
that jettisons all opportunities for Rock to make his mark by serving up the usual chaotic nonsense
that keeps shifting focus to the journalist who wrote it
fire a torpedo through some of Clancy 's holes
firmly believe that people have lost the ability to think and will forgive any shoddy product as long as there 's a little girl-on-girl action
as an ice cube thrown into a pot of boiling water
once you get through the accents , All or Nothing becomes an emotional , though still positive , wrench of a sit .
as big-screen remakes of The Avengers and The Wild Wild West
is on full , irritating display
is on full , irritating display in ( this ) meandering and pointless French coming-of-age import from writer-director Anne-Sophie Birot
fistfights , and car chases , this movie is a phlegmatic bore , so tedious it makes the silly spy vs . spy film The Sum of All Fears , starring Ben Affleck
is off-putting
is off-putting ,
is off-putting , to say the least , not to mention inappropriate and wildly undeserved .
journey into a philosophical void .
fails to live up to the sum of its parts .
as artificial and soulless
fails to portray its literarily talented and notorious subject as anything much more than a dirty old man .
fails to portray its literarily talented and notorious subject as anything much more than a dirty old man
fails to rise above its disgusting source material
fails to walk the silly walk that distinguishes the merely quirky from the surreal
as awful as some of the recent Hollywood trip tripe
it 's enough to make you wish Jacquot had left well enough alone and just filmed the opera without all these distortions of perspective .
it 's far from fresh-squeezed
long for a greater sense of urgency in the here and now of The Two
lethargically
lethargically paced
least favorite
least interesting subject
least interesting
leave frowns
leave frowns on more than a few faces
, the movie is hindered by a central plot that 's peppered with false starts and populated by characters who are nearly impossible to care about .
will leave the theater feeling they 've watched nothing but a pale imitation of the real deal
will be put to sleep or bewildered by the artsy and often pointless visuals
live spoof of dog day afternoon
's a documentary that says that the alternate sexuality meant to set you free may require so much relationship maintenance that celibacy can start looking good .
with `` courage '' pinned to its huckster lapel while a yellow streak a mile wide decorates its back
literally bruising jokes . every five minutes or so
literally bruising jokes .
literally bruising jokes . every five minutes
literally bruising
literally bruising jokes
their cruel fate
little crossover appeal to those without much interest in the elizabethans ( as well as rank frustration from those in the know about rubbo 's dumbed-down tactics )
emotionally scattered film
emotionally scattered film whose hero gives his heart only to the dog
emotionally vapid
like one of ( Spears ' ) music videos in content -- except that it goes on for at least 90 more minutes and , worse , that you have to pay if you want to see it .
more depressing than entertaining
the nightmare you had a week ago that wo n't go away
the film 's ill-considered notion
the film 's biggest problem
The talk-heavy film
duds
ducts does n't mean it 's good enough for our girls
imitative
dudsville
Because you can hear about suffering Afghan refugees on the news and still be unaffected
Bears is bad .
Before it collapses into exactly the kind of buddy cop comedy it set out to lampoon , anyway .
Before it collapses into exactly the kind of buddy cop comedy
eventually the content is n't nearly as captivating as the rowdy participants think it is .
imagine that even very small children will be impressed by this tired retread
'll find yourself wishing that you and they were in another movie .
'll feel like you ate a Reeses without the peanut butter ... '
'll feel like you ate a Reeses without the peanut butter ...
sag in certain places
'll laugh for not quite and hour and a half , but come out feeling strangely unsatisfied
Earnest , unsubtle and Hollywood-predictable
the plot ( other than its one good idea ) and the movie 's inescapable air of sleaziness
Dialogue-heavy and too cerebral for its own good -- or , at any rate , too cerebral for its racy subject matter
, trembling incoherence
no interesting concept
gaping
gaping enough to pilot an entire Olympic swim team through
a real shame
a real danger less sophisticated audiences will mistake it for an endorsement of the very things that Bean abhors
a rather toothless take
What makes Esther Kahn so demanding is that it progresses in such a low-key manner that it risks monotony .
What parents will suspect is that they 're watching a 76-minute commercial .
What goes on for the 110 minutes of `` Panic Room '' is a battle of witlessness between a not-so-bright mother and daughter and an even less capable trio of criminals .
What happened with Pluto Nash ?
their emotional nakedness
sags
while deconstructing the very format of the biography in a manner
I 'm sure if you 're a Hartley fan , you might enjoy yourself ... Me , I did n't care for it
while you wait for the story to get going
Qutting may be a flawed film , but
Qutting may be a flawed film ,
Qutting may be a flawed film
see this piece of crap again
see two Academy Award winning actresses ( and one Academy Award winning actor ) succumb to appearing in this junk that 's TV sitcom material at best
see the same old thing in a tired old setting
see this piece of crap
stiff and schmaltzy and clumsily directed
stiff and schmaltzy and clumsily directed .
the slack execution italicizes the absurdity of the premise
devoid of urgent questions
it 's also far from being a realized work
rhetorical excess
rhetorical
unrelentingly claustrophobic
watching a nightmare made flesh
Downright transparent
Downright transparent is the script 's endless assault of embarrassingly ham-fisted sex jokes that reek of a script rewrite designed to garner the film a '' cooler '' PG-13 rating .
Downbeat , period-perfect biopic hammers home a heavy-handed moralistic message
effect of loss
look at life in U . S . relocation camps .
avoid the ghetto of sentimental chick-flicks by treating female follies with a satirical style
avoid the ghetto of sentimental chick-flicks
A movie like The Guys is why film criticism can be considered work .
A movie that 's held captive by mediocrity . Not bad ,
Strangers , which opens today in the New York metropolitan area , so distasteful
this thing feels flimsy and ephemeral .
this territory has already been explored previously with better aplomb and sardonic wit
very stilted in its dialogue
this three-hour endurance test
this three-hour endurance test built around an hour 's worth of actual material
this time . That chirpy songbird Britney Spears has popped up with more mindless drivel
've seen the hippie-turned-yuppie plot before
( A ) mess
mind-numbingly , indescribably bad
mired in a shabby script that piles layer upon layer of Action Man cliché atop wooden dialogue and a shifting tone that falls far short of the peculiarly moral amorality of ( Woo 's ) best work
mired in a shabby script
mishmash .
takes a backseat in his own film to special effects
the film goes right over the edge and kills every sense of believability
stalls
lull you to sleep
They just do n't work in concert
addict
utterly satisfied to remain the same throughout .
he can actually trick you into thinking some of this worn-out , pandering palaver is actually funny
he 's unlikely to become a household name on the basis of his first starring vehicle .
he 's made a film that 's barely shocking , barely interesting and most of all , barely anything
he 's a slow study : The action is stilted and the tabloid energy embalmed .
he 'll go to weave a protective cocoon around his own ego
the nincompoop benigni persona
is one of those films that aims to confuse
the smeary digital video
claustrophic , suffocating and chilly
It 's not a motion picture ;
the most highly-praised disappointments I
the theater thinking up grocery lists and ways to tell their kids how not to act like Pinocchio .
the most part a useless movie , even with
the most part a useless movie , even
its juxtaposition of overwrought existentialism and stomach-churning gore
of aborted attempts
of a therapy session brought to humdrum life by some Freudian puppet
the sloppy
of absurd plot twists , idiotic court maneuvers and stupid characters
other , better movies
other hyphenate American young men struggling to balance conflicting cultural messages
makes the silly original cartoon seem smart and well-crafted in comparison .
alas , it collapses like an overcooked soufflé .
airhead movie business
alarming
... unspeakably , unbearably dull , featuring reams of flatly delivered dialogue and a heroine who comes across as both shallow and dim-witted .
... too sappy for its own good .
most unpleasant details
were written by somebody else
mostly boring
wildly unsentimental but
terrorizing
terrorizing tone
tested by bad luck and their own immaturity
a dungpile
possible for the viewer to doze off for a few minutes or make several runs to the concession stand and\/or restroom and not feel as if he or she has missed anything
post-September 11 , `` The Sum Of All Fears '' seems more tacky and reprehensible , manipulating our collective fear without bestowing the subject with the intelligence or sincerity it unequivocally deserves .
sizzle and very little
sizzle and very little steak
the movie is certainly not number 1
the movie is all portent and no content
the movie in a superficial way , while never sure what its purpose was
the movie is playing the obvious game
is n't able to muster for a movie that , its title notwithstanding , should have been a lot nastier
is n't a product of its cinematic predecessors so much as an MTV , sugar hysteria , and PlayStation cocktail .
is n't a product of its cinematic predecessors so much as an MTV , sugar hysteria , and PlayStation cocktail
is n't a new plot -- in fact Toback himself used it in Black and White .
is more of an ordeal than an amusement .
is more of an ordeal than an amusement
is almost nothing in this flat effort that will amuse or entertain them , either .
carefully choreographed atrocities
is also as unoriginal
cared much about any aspect of it , from its cheesy screenplay to the grayish quality of its lighting to its last-minute , haphazard theatrical release
cared much about any aspect of it , from its cheesy screenplay to the grayish quality of its lighting
cared much about any aspect of it , from its cheesy screenplay
is almost an afterthought
One gets the impression the creators of Do n't Ask Do n't Tell laughed a hell of a lot at their own jokes . Too bad none of it is funny .
the criminal world
indigestion sets
is n't my favorite in the series
are so generic
is also as unoriginal as they come , already having been recycled more times than I 'd care to count .
indoctrinated prejudice
ever so wrong
ever a movie needed one of the actor 's whiny jags to pump it up
movie that leaves vague impressions and a nasty aftertaste but little clear memory of its operational mechanics
motion picture that wo n't make much of a splash when it 's released , and will not be remembered long afterwards
If I had been thinking about the visual medium , they would have been doing something wrong
If Steven Soderbergh 's ` Solaris ' is a failure
with a white-empowered police force
with a sickly sweet coating to disguise its excrescence until just after ( or during ) consumption of its second half
overwrought new sequence
own deathbed
letdown
less worthy
relentlessly globalizing
wish I could say `` Thank God It 's Friday ''
It 's virtually impossible to like any of these despicable characters .
It ai n't art , by a long shot
It ai n't art , by a long shot ,
wo n't know much more when you leave .
wo n't see the next six
wo n't need a magic watch to stop time
wo n't stand the test of time
are bad
are becoming irritating .
old tropes
What 's worse
What 's the point ?
pretentious ,
derivative , overlong , and bombastic
Generic slasher-movie nonsense
and ultimate collapse
and the thinness of its characterizations makes it a failure as straight drama . '
the smeary digital
're going to face frightening late fees
could be any flatter
're burnt out on It 's a Wonderful Life marathons and bored with A Christmas Carol
're desperate for the evening to end .
're entirely unprepared .
a non-starter
It 's fairly self-aware in its dumbness .
too long and unfocused
period trappings
performing in a film that is only mildly diverting
merely lacks everything except good intentions
merely quirky
a big-budget , after-school special
a bit repetitive
a bit tedious
darker turns
can keep your eyes open amid all the blood and gore
, someone , stop Eric Schaeffer before he makes another film .
, slow scenes . But something seems to be missing . A sense of real magic
there 's no art here
ad I suffered and bled on the hard ground of Ia Drang
add to the confusion
this stuck pig
recovering from its demented premise
it begins to fade from memory
this turgid
it begins to seem as long as the two year affair which is its subject
its excessive moral baggage
a heavy stench of ` been there , done
to compensate for the paper-thin characterizations and facile situations
Jacobi , the most fluent of actors , is given relatively dry material from Nijinsky 's writings to perform , and the visuals , even erotically frank ones , become dullingly repetitive
Jacobi , the most fluent of actors , is given relatively dry material from Nijinsky 's writings to perform , and the visuals , even erotically frank ones , become dullingly repetitive .
Jacquot seems unsure of how to evoke any sort of naturalism on the set .
Jaglom 's self-conscious and gratingly irritating films
, it 's really unclear why this project was undertaken
, it 's slow and unwieldy and takes a long time to reach its destination .
learn that Andrew 's Turnabout Is Fair Play is every bit as awful as Borchardt 's Coven
least inspired
leave you unfulfilled
a war tribute is disgusting to begin with
a war-ravaged land
new movie rapes
big , brassy , disturbing ,
errant
a razor-sided tuning fork that rings with cultural , sexual and social discord
vague without any of its sense of fun or energy
Like a grinning Jack O ' Lantern , its apparent glee is derived from a lobotomy , having had all its vital essence scooped out and discarded .
Like a fish that 's lived too long , Austin Powers in Goldmember has some unnecessary parts and is kinda wrong in places .
Like a fish that 's lived too long
Like a three-ring circus , there are side stories aplenty -- none of them memorable .
Like a medium-grade network sitcom -- mostly inoffensive , fitfully amusing , but ultimately so weightless that a decent draft in the auditorium might blow it off the screen .
Like a medium-grade network sitcom -- mostly inoffensive
Like an Afterschool Special with costumes by Gianni Versace , Mad Love looks better than it feels .
propaganda film
whether you think kissinger was a calculating fiend or just a slippery self-promoter
whether that cold-hearted snake petrovich ( that would be reno ) gets his comeuppance . just bring on the battle bots , please
the film 's nightmare versions of everyday sex-in-the-city misadventures
more effective on stage
scuzzy
There 's not much to Fatale , outside of its stylish surprises
goes downhill
All mood and no movie .
All of the filmmakers ' calculations ca n't rescue Brown Sugar from the curse of blandness .
All the Queen 's Men is a throwback war movie that fails on so many levels , it should pay reparations to viewers .
All the characters are clinically depressed and have abandoned their slim hopes and dreams .
taste for `` shock humor '' will wear thin on all
it is also somewhat shallow and art-conscious
it is a loose collection of not-so-funny gags , scattered moments of lazy humor
the most aggressively nerve-wracking and screamingly neurotic
equally distasteful
equally miserable
equally miserable film
A decided lack of spontaneity in its execution and a dearth of real poignancy in its epiphanies .
junk-food movie
immature and
junk-calorie
imitations
immature and unappealing to care about
the original and , instead , rehash old jokes
the operative word for `` Bad Company
abuses
A superfluous sequel ... plagued by that old familiar feeling of ` let 's get this thing over with ' : Everyone has shown up at the appointed time and place , but visible enthusiasm is mighty hard to find .
mainstream foreign mush like My Big Fat Greek Wedding
mainstream foreign mush
A superfluous sequel ... plagued by that old familiar feeling of ` let 's get this thing over with ' : Everyone has shown up at the appointed time and place , but visible enthusiasm is mighty hard to find
only dull
only drama
only defies credibility
that the final product is a ghost
that the franchise 's best years are long past
that the bulk of the movie centers on the wrong character
only has about 25 minutes of decent material .
Writer\/director Joe Carnahan 's grimy crime drama is a manual of precinct cliches , but
clashes
almost unbearable portrait
almost unbearable
ingratiating
there surrender $ 9 and 93 minutes of unrecoverable life
Kung Pow is n't funny some of the time
hits so close to home so much as that it hits close to home while engaging in such silliness as that snake-down-the-throat business and the inevitable shot of Schwarzenegger
hits new depths of unoriginality and predictability .
hits an all-time low in Sorority Boys , whose makers apparently believe that women 's clothing can cover up any deficiency in acting , writing or direction
hits an all-time low in Sorority Boys , whose makers apparently believe that women 's clothing can cover up any deficiency in acting , writing or direction .
The director 's twitchy sketchbook style and adroit perspective shifts grow wearisome amid leaden pacing and indifferent craftsmanship ( most notably wretched sound design ) .
The creaking , rusty ship makes a fine backdrop , but the ghosts ' haunting is routine .
The director , with his fake backdrops and stately pacing ,
the annoying score
the alternate sexuality meant to set you free may require so much relationship maintenance that celibacy can start looking good
the ambiguous ending seem goofy rather than provocative
loneliness can make people act weird
vanishes somewhere between her hair and her lips
're not a fan ,
ready to go to the U.N. and ask permission for a preemptive strike
his slop
his showboating wise-cracker stock persona sure is getting old
his storytelling skills have eroded
this sad , compulsive life
this rather convoluted journey
the oppressive , morally superior good-for-you quality
the only way for a reasonably intelligent person to get through The Country Bears
the only way for a reasonably intelligent person to get through The Country Bears is to ponder how a whole segment of pop-music history has been allowed to get wet , fuzzy and sticky .
actually shows may put you off the idea forever .
actual snow : a poor -- if durable -- imitation
the slow , lingering death of imagination
clear the filmmakers were n't sure where they wanted their story to go
clear the filmmakers were n't sure where they wanted their story to go ,
clear the filmmakers were n't sure where they wanted their story to go , and
offers the none-too-original premise that everyone involved with moviemaking is a con artist and a liar .
'll find in this dreary mess
'll cry for your money back .
'll cry for your money back
'll be wistful for the testosterone-charged wizardry of Jerry Bruckheimer productions , especially because Half Past Dead is like The Rock on a Wal-Mart budget .
'll be wistful for the testosterone-charged wizardry of Jerry Bruckheimer productions , especially because Half Past Dead is like The Rock on a Wal-Mart budget
'll be thinking of 51 ways to leave this loser .
'll be thinking of 51 ways to leave this loser
'll be as bored watching Morvern Callar as the characters are in it . If you go , pack your knitting needles
A cinematic sleeping pill of impressive potency
A cinematic sleeping pill
A chaotic panorama
A chaotic panorama that 's too busy flying a lot of metaphoric flags .
A chiller resolutely without chills .
ourselves longing for the block of wood to come back
has a glossy coat of action movie excess while remaining heartless at its core .
has a glossy coat of action movie excess while remaining heartless at its core
is virtually impossible
is virtually impossible to follow here
on a 10-inch television screen
too much like an infomercial for Ram Dass 's latest book aimed at the boomer demographic .
With Spy Kids 2 : The Island of Lost Dreams writer\/director\/producer Robert Rodriguez has cobbled together a film that feels like a sugar high gone awry .
When your subject is illusion versus reality , should n't the reality seem at least passably real ?
When the screenwriter responsible for one of the worst movies of one year directs an equally miserable film the following year , you 'd have a hard time believing it was just coincidence .
Wiser souls would have tactfully pretended not to see it
migraine-inducing , despite Moore 's attempts
migraine-inducing , despite Moore 's attempts at whimsy and spoon feeding
mighty tedious for the viewer who has to contend with unpleasant characters , hit-and-miss performances and awkwardly staged scenes
migraine-inducing ,
mighty bored to even think of staying with this for more than , say , ten ... make that three minutes
might well be the worst special-effects creation of the year
constantly unfulfilling
constrictive
constant need to suddenly transpose himself into another character
hastier productions
construct based on theory , sleight-of-hand , and ill-wrought hypothesis
a polemical tract
a pointless , meandering celebration of the goth-vampire , tortured woe-is-me lifestyle
a ponderous and pretentious endeavor that 's unfocused and tediously exasperating
a ponderous and pretentious endeavor
a poor fit with Kieslowski 's lyrical pessimism
a poor fit
about this traditional thriller , moderately successful but not completely satisfying , is exactly how genteel and unsurprising the execution turns out to be .
Amy 's neuroses
( p ) artnering murphy with robert de niro for the tv-cops comedy showtime would seem to be surefire casting . the catch is that they 're stuck with a script that prevents them from firing on all cylinders .
( p ) artnering murphy with robert de niro for the tv-cops comedy showtime would seem to be surefire casting . the catch is that they 're stuck with a script that prevents them from firing on all cylinders
Ultimately too repellent to fully endear itself to American art house audiences , but it is notable for its stylistic austerity and forcefulness .
as awful
as artificial as the video games japanese teens play in a nightclub sequence
as an unimaginative screenwriter 's invention
Has nothing good to speak about other than the fact that it is relatively short , tries its best to hide the fact that Seagal 's overweight and out of shape .
Has nothing good to speak about other than the fact that it is relatively short
Has nothing
Has no reason to exist , other than to employ Hollywood kids and people who owe favors to their famous parents .
Has no reason to exist
a killer who does n't know the meaning of the word ` quit . '
a kid who ca n't quite distinguish one sci-fi work from another
does too much meandering , Norton has to recite bland police procedural details , Fiennes wanders around in an attempt to seem weird and distanced , Hopkins looks like a drag queen
dogs who are smarter than him
a kingdom more mild than wild
assume he had a bad run in the market or a costly divorce , because there is no earthly reason other than money why this distinguished actor would stoop so low .
assume he had a bad run in the market or a costly divorce , because there is no earthly reason other than money why this distinguished actor would stoop so low
assumes that not only would subtlety be lost on the target audience , but that it 's also too stupid to realize that they 've already seen this exact same movie a hundred times
spoiler alert ! )
trapped while some weird relative trots out the video he took of the family vacation to Stonehenge
treats his audience the same way that Jim Brown treats his women -- as dumb , credulous , unassuming , subordinate subjects
treats his women -- as dumb , credulous , unassuming , subordinate subjects
admit that I am baffled by Jason X.
little melodramatic , but with
admire the film 's stately nature and call it classicism or be exasperated by a noticeable lack of pace
Sweet Home Alabama is one dumb movie ,
no lika
no interest in the gang-infested
Sweet Home Alabama is one dumb movie , but
was unable to get the full brunt of the comedy
was too overbearing
was trying to do than of what he had actually done
was watching a documentary about the wartime Navajos
Sweet Home Alabama certainly wo n't be remembered as one of ( Witherspoon 's ) better films .
was vile enough . Do we really need the Tiger Beat version
was vile enough . Do we really need the Tiger Beat version ?
was witty . Mocking them now is an exercise in pointlessness .
Hart 's War seems to want to be a character study , but apparently ca n't quite decide which character .
Just one problem : Fish out of water usually die
Just one problem :
Just one more collection of penis , breast and flatulence gags in search of a story .
Just send it to Cranky .
was ushered in by The Full Monty and is still straining to produce another smash
washed out
'll derive from this choppy and sloppy affair
waste of time , money and celluloid
washed out despite all of that
'll ever see and dissolves into a routine courtroom drama , better suited for a movie titled `` Glory : A Soldier 's Story
where feelings of marginalization loom for every dreamer with a burst bubble
of other , marginally better shoot-em-ups
the worst kind of filmmaking , the kind that pretends to be passionate and truthful but is really frustratingly timid and soggy
it ca n't get any more gay
it becomes long and tedious like a classroom play in a college history course .
it also comes with the laziness and arrogance of a thing that already knows it 's won .
the film does n't manage to hit all of its marks
It 's actually too sincere --
It 's actually too sincere
It 's all arty and jazzy and people sit and stare and turn away from one another instead of talking and it 's all about the silences and if you 're into that , have at it
is like a series of beginnings and middles that never take off .
is like being trapped at a bad rock concert
is like a couple of mediocre TV-movie
is like reading a Times Portrait of Grief that keeps shifting focus to the journalist who wrote it
is like biting into what looks like a juicy , delicious plum on a hot summer day and coming away with your mouth full of rotten pulp and living worms
is like biting into what looks like a juicy , delicious plum on a hot summer day and coming away with your mouth full of rotten pulp and living worms .
suspect that you 'll be as bored watching Morvern Callar as the characters are in it .
is that it does n't make any sense .
is that it does n't make any sense
is that it 's so inane that it gave me plenty of time to ponder my Thanksgiving to-do list .
It 's predictable ,
, prepackaged Julia Roberts wannabe
A muckraking job
, preprogrammed feel
seem graceless and ugly
callow student film
callow student
callow
has nurtured his metaphors at the expense of his narrative
has nothing fresh or very exciting about it
has nothing going for it
has popped up with more mindless drivel
Tykwer 's surface flash is n't just a poor fit with Kieslowski 's lyrical pessimism ; it completely contradicts everything Kieslowski 's work aspired to , including the condition of art
Flawed
Fine acting but there is no sense of connecting the dots , just dots .
Fire
her creepy Egyptian demigod voice is as computer processed and overproduced as it was in her music .
acrid
messy ,
add up to a biting satire that has no teeth
The doofus-on - the-loose banter of Welcome to Collinwood has a cocky , after-hours loopiness to it . And as with most late-night bull sessions , eventually the content is n't nearly as captivating as the rowdy participants think it is .
The doofus-on - the-loose banter of Welcome to Collinwood has a cocky , after-hours loopiness to it . And as with most late-night bull sessions , eventually the content is n't nearly as captivating as the rowdy participants think it is
The doofus-on - the-loose banter of Welcome to Collinwood
are weak , as
are weak ,
are weak
are utter hooey .
are wincing back in repugnance
are wheezing to an end , along with Green 's half-hearted movie career
are weird resonances between actor and role
are written and directed by people who could n't pass an entrance exam
one it follows into melodrama and silliness
once amusing
focuses too much on Max when he should be filling the screen with this tortured , dull artist and monster-in-the - making
focuses too much on Max when he should be filling the screen with this tortured , dull artist and monster-in-the - making .
focuses too much on Max when he should be filling the screen with this tortured , dull artist and monster-in-the -
at the ridiculous dialog or the oh-so convenient plot twists
misfire that even Tunney ca n't save
morbid
running time , you 'll wait in vain for a movie to happen .
most oppressive
not much
not invite some genuine spontaneity into the film by having the evil aliens ' laser guns actually hit something for once ?
not in the way this film showcases him
not even someone as gifted as Hoffman ( the actor ) can make it work
brooding personalities that parade about as if they were coming back from Stock Character camp -- a drowsy drama infatuated by its own pretentious self-examination
skillfully through the plot 's hot brine -- until it 's undone by the sogginess of its contemporary characters , and actors
re-creation
, cry and realize ,
, considering that Baird is a former film editor , the movie is rather choppy .
repeatedly puts a small child in jeopardy , treating her as little more than a prop to be cruelly tormented
Mr . Goyer 's loose
repackaged for a 2002 audience
already thin story
already-shallow
also comes with the laziness and arrogance of a thing that already knows it 's won
also demonstrate how desperate the makers of this ` we 're - doing-it-for - the-cash ' sequel were .
methamphetamines
a new , self-deprecating level
Most fish stories are a little peculiar , but this is one that should be thrown back in the river .
eerie sense
miscellaneous bohos who expound upon the subject 's mysterious personality without ever explaining him
No amount of burning , blasting , stabbing , and shooting can hide a weak script .
Tykwer 's surface flash is n't just a poor fit with Kieslowski 's lyrical pessimism ;
Dogma films can produce the same sleep-inducing effects as watching your neighbor 's home videos .
No amount of good acting
Dogtown and Z-Boys lapses into an insider 's lingo and mindset that the uninitiated may find hard to follow , or care about .
sketches ... which leaves any true emotional connection or identification frustratingly out of reach
No amount of burning , blasting , stabbing , and shooting
No amount of good intentions is able to overcome the triviality of the story .
of bogus
cry for your money back
No amount of good acting is enough to save Oleander 's uninspired story .
you should be able to find better entertainment .
, folks , it does n't work .
, flat dialogue
, flashy , overlong soap opera .
, future Lizard endeavors will need to adhere more closely to the laws of laughter
The movie does n't generate a lot of energy . It is dark , brooding and slow , and takes its central idea way too seriously .
The movie does such an excellent job of critiquing itself at every faltering half-step of its development that criticizing feels more like commiserating .
The movie does n't generate a lot of energy .
The movie feels stitched together from stock situations and characters from other movies
The movie generates plot points with a degree of randomness usually achieved only by lottery drawing .
You 'll laugh for not quite and hour and a half , but come out feeling strangely unsatisfied . You 'll feel like you ate a Reeses without the peanut butter ... '
You 'll laugh for not quite and hour and a half , but come out feeling strangely unsatisfied . You 'll feel like you ate a Reeses without the peanut butter ...
You 've already seen City by the Sea under a variety of titles
corrupt
corpse
corporate circus
corny visual puns
corniness and cliche
raucous and sappy
raunchy and graphic
Slap her - she 's not funny !
Helmer DeVito ... attempts to do too many things in this story about ethics , payola , vice , murder , kids ' TV and revenge .
Slap her - she 's not funny ! No French people were harmed during the making of this movie
gets a bit heavy handed with his message at times
Slap me
Insufferably naive
Interview '' loses its overall sense of mystery and becomes a TV episode rather than a documentary that you actually buy into .
A dark-as-pitch comedy that frequently veers into corny sentimentality , probably would not improve much after a therapeutic zap of shock treatment .
A depraved , incoherent , instantly disposable piece
a monster
a monstrous
A dark-as-pitch comedy
A dark-as-pitch comedy that frequently veers into corny sentimentality , probably
standard horror flick formula
those so-so films that could have been much better
those monologues stretch on and on
transcends ethnic lines .
anomie and heartbreak
as it 's too loud to shout insults at the screen
the legendary wit 's classic mistaken identity farce into brutally labored and unfunny hokum
the legendary wit 's classic mistaken identity farce
the life out of whatever idealism American moviemaking ever had
the level of marginal competence
the lengths to which he 'll go to weave a protective cocoon around his own ego
that pretends to be passionate and truthful but is really frustratingly timid and soggy
that plays like a 95-minute commercial for NBA properties
that plays like a loosely-connected string of acting-workshop exercises
preach exclusively to the converted .
Stinks
A muddy psychological thriller rife with miscalculations . It makes me say the obvious :
a creaky '' Pretty Woman '' retread
Stinks from start to finish , like a wet burlap sack of gloom .
as for children , they wo n't enjoy the movie at all
A muddy psychological thriller rife with miscalculations .
Suffers from the lack
Suffers from the lack of a compelling or comprehensible narrative .
Suffice to say its total promise is left slightly unfulfilled .
is one more celluloid testimonial to the cruelties experienced by Southern blacks as distilled through a Caucasian perspective
is one dumb movie
is one big excuse to play one lewd scene after another . About half of them are funny , a few are sexy and none are useful in telling the story , which is paper-thin and decidedly unoriginal .
is one big excuse to play one lewd scene after another . About half of them are funny , a few are sexy and none are useful in telling the story , which is paper-thin and decidedly unoriginal
as far as mainstream matinee-style entertainment goes
is one big , dumb action movie . Stress ` dumb .
is one big , dumb action movie . Stress ` dumb
than jerking the audience 's chain
incoherence and redundancy
incoherent , instantly disposable
is not real
is not unlike watching a glorified episode of `` 7th Heaven .
is not more lucratively engaged in the shameless self-caricature of ` Analyze This ' ( 1999 ) and ` Analyze That , ' promised ( or threatened ) for later this year
is not unlike watching a glorified episode of `` 7th Heaven . ''
filled with more holes than Clyde Barrow 's car
look ill at ease sharing the same scene .
cheese , with a sickly sweet coating to disguise its excrescence until just after ( or during ) consumption of its second half
cheesy
cheesy coincidences and
cheesy coincidences and voluptuous cheap effects
filled with more holes than Clyde Barrow 's car .
ordinary , pasty lumpen
chamber
certainly not earthshaking
existência
This film seems thirsty for reflection , itself taking on adolescent qualities .
This disturbing bio-pic
and self-absorbed
it does n't really deliver the delicious guilty pleasure of the better film versions
as with all ambitious films , it has some problems .
it 's also disappointing to a certain degree
and withholds delivery
and uptight characters
and unfunny tricks
Passable entertainment , but it 's the kind of motion picture that wo n't make much of a splash when it 's released , and will not be remembered long afterwards .
a substitute for humor
a sudden turn and devolves
a sudsy tub of supernatural hokum
inspired me to think of its inhabitants as anything more than markers in a screenplay .
gore for suspense
plot holes
gore for suspense .
wanes
just unlikable . Disturbing . Disgusting .
the scenes of torture and self-mutilation
the savagery
getting around the fact that this is Revenge Of The Nerds Revisited
gets too cloying
getting around the fact that this is Revenge Of The Nerds Revisited -- again
getting around the fact that this is Revenge Of The Nerds Revisited --
how funny they could have been in a more ambitious movie
how desperate the makers of this ` we 're - doing-it-for - the-cash ' sequel were
how difficult
of the National Lampoon film franchise , too long reduced to direct-to-video irrelevancy
, it implodes in a series of very bad special effects
's no classic
, it is n't much fun
kiddie fantasy pablum
, it never quite makes the grade as tawdry trash .
introducing your kids to films which will cause loads of irreparable damage that years and years of costly analysis could never fix
the story 's least interesting subject
replaced by romance-novel platitudes
infuriatingly glib and posturing
Tom Shadyac has learned a bit more craft since directing Adams , but he still lingers over every point until the slowest viewer grasps it
repetition and languorous slo-mo sequences
left me behind at the station looking for a return ticket to realism
left me behind
from a Xerox machine rather than ( writer-director ) Franc
fall together without much surprise
fall fast asleep
from any movie with a `` 2 ''
nothing really happens .
nothing quite so much as a middle-aged moviemaker 's attempt to surround himself with beautiful , half-naked women
nothing special and , until the final act ,
nothing new to see
nothing to show
nothing special and , until the final act , nothing
is wrong in its sequel
the stories never add up to as much as they promise .
mainstream American movies tend to exploit the familiar
genres that do n't add up to a whole lot of sense
of talking heads and technical gibberish that will do little to advance the Linux cause
There 's no doubting that this is a highly ambitious and personal project for Egoyan , but it 's also one that , next to his best work , feels clumsy and convoluted
There 's more repetition than creativity throughout the movie .
deteriorates into a protracted
biggest offense
biggest downside
mention dragged down by a leaden closing act
bilked
mess that it feels less like bad cinema than like being stuck in a dark pit having a nightmare about bad cinema
forced to watch him try out so many complicated facial expressions
forces you to watch people doing unpleasant things to each other and themselves
But that 's just the problem with it
But that 's just the problem with it -
forced funniness
forced by his kids to watch too many Barney videos
But one thing 's for sure : It never comes close to being either funny or scary
But one thing 's for sure : It never comes close to being either funny or scary .
But seriously , folks , it does n't work .
clichéd white-trash situation imaginable
clichéd
clichés ,
cliches and pabulum
to foul up a screen adaptation of Oscar Wilde 's classic satire
to get bogged down in earnest dramaturgy
With its lackadaisical plotting and mindless action , All About the Benjamins evokes the bottom tier of blaxploitation flicks from the 1970s .
barely tolerable
barely tolerable slog
This is for the most part a useless movie , even with a great director at the helm .
This is cruel , misanthropic stuff with only weak claims to surrealism and black comedy .
similar obsessions can dominate a family
This is a third-person story now , told by Hollywood , and much more ordinary for it .
This is a poster movie , a mediocre tribute to films like Them !
barely fizzle
barely gets by on its artistic merits
barely register
This is an action movie with an action icon who 's been all but decommissioned .
flop
gasp appalled and
from a director beginning to resemble someone 's crazy French grandfather
from a flat script and a low budget
weird performances and
's not wallowing in hormonal melodrama
easily forgettable film .
easily forgettable film
shamelessly manipulative and contrived
shapeless inconsequential move
shameless attempt
shambles
shameless
Odd and weird
Odd and
Odd and weird .
Pollyana would reach for a barf bag
the poor quality of Pokemon 4 Ever is any indication
the poor quality of Pokemon 4
for the annoying demeanour of its lead character
big middle-fingered
a good sign when a film 's star spends the entirety of the film in a coma
Sometimes there are very , very good reasons for certain movies to be sealed in a jar and left on a remote shelf indefinitely .
unpleasant characters , hit-and-miss performances and
unpleasant characters , hit-and-miss performances
unpleasantly
unpleasant characters , hit-and-miss performances and awkwardly staged scenes
unrecommendable
unrelenting wretchedness
to no good
Sad nonsense , this .
SOOOOO tired . Pair
It 's a stale , overused cocktail using the same olives since 1962 as garnish .
as a feast of bleakness
you 'd never guess that from the performances .
the viewer in a literal and spiritual torpor that is anything but cathartic
's also uninspired ,
's also uninspired
's also stupider
's also simple-minded and contrived
's also rarely coherent .
's also heavy-handed and devotes too much time to bigoted views .
's also heavy-handed and devotes too much time to bigoted views
's also uninspired , lacking the real talent and wit to elevate it beyond its formula to the level of classic romantic comedy to which it aspires .
's also uninspired , lacking the real talent and wit to elevate it beyond its formula to the level of classic romantic comedy to which it aspires
less funny
less funny than it thinks it is
less concerned with cultural and political issues
less concerned with cultural and political issues than doting on its eccentric characters
less charitable
less compelling than the circumstances of its making
less blab
less capable
however , Kilmer seems to be posing , rather than acting .
how uncompelling the movie is unless it happens to cover your particular area of interest
trouble and
too fancy , not too filling
too eager to please
too fancy
too dense & about
too dense & about nothing at all
too dense &
is more like something from a bad Clive Barker movie .
is more than one joke about putting the toilet seat down .
is mostly a bore
valuable messages are forgotten 10 minutes after the last trombone
value cash above credibility .
slow for a younger crowd
having had all its vital essence scooped out and discarded
have you impatiently
have you impatiently squinting at your watch
having too much fun embellishing the misanthropic tale to actually engage it
is a manual of precinct cliches
Baran is n't the most transporting or gripping film from Iran -- or , indeed , by its director --
Baran is n't the most transporting or gripping film from Iran -- or , indeed , by its director -- but
Awkward but
As a revenge thriller , the movie is serviceable , but it does n't really deliver the delicious guilty pleasure of the better film versions
frustrated maniac
from this latest entry in the increasingly threadbare gross-out comedy cycle
from this three-hour endurance test built around an hour 's worth of actual material
from this studio than some 79-minute after-school '' cartoon
promising ideas and failed narrative , of good acting and plain old bad filmmaking
of every bad action-movie line in history
the video game is a lot more fun than the film
the viewer haunted by the waste of potential
the viewer is n't reacting to humor so much as they are wincing back in repugnance .
arrives we still do n't feel enough of an attachment to these guys to care one way or another
arrives we still do n't feel enough of an attachment to these guys to care one way or another .
arthritic
delineate the cost of the inevitable conflicts between human urges and an institution concerned with self-preservation
at putting you to sleep than a sound machine
the characters ) get more depressed
the characters barely move
the characters tend to be cliches whose lives are never fully explored
The heedless impetuousness of youth is on full , irritating display in ( this ) meandering and pointless French coming-of-age import from writer-director Anne-Sophie Birot .
The hackneyed story about an affluent damsel in distress who decides to fight her bully of a husband is simply too overdone .
at rehashing what was basically a one-joke picture
The hackneyed story
used soap
ca n't accuse Kung Pow for misfiring , since it is exactly what it wants to be : an atrociously , mind-numbingly , indescribably bad movie . Unfortunately
ca n't act
ca n't believe anyone would really buy this stuff .
Could as easily have been called ` Under Siege 3 : In Alcatraz ' ... a cinematic corpse that never springs to life
ca n't believe anyone would really buy this stuff
ca n't disguise that he 's spiffing up leftovers that are n't so substantial or fresh
ca n't distract from the flawed support structure holding Equilibrium up
more repetition than creativity throughout the movie
the filmmakers come up with nothing original in the way of slapstick sequences
persnickety
recycles the same premise
Could the whole plan here have been to produce something that makes Fatal Attraction look like a classic by comparison ? That 's the only sane rationale I can think of for Swimfan 's existence .
A witty , trenchant , wildly unsentimental but flawed
loneliness and the chilly anonymity of the environments where so many of us spend so much of our time
loneliness
there 's nothing fresh about Wannabes , which was written by Mr. DeMeo , who produced and directed the film with Charles A. Addessi , much of the time
there 's nothing very attractive about this movie
there 's definite room for improvement .
there 's no plot in this Antonio Banderas-Lucy Liu faceoff
there 's no saving the movie
like the grinding of bad ideas
looked like crap , so crap is what I was expecting
little melodramatic
looked like as a low-budget series on a UHF channel
one of those movies barely registering a blip on the radar screen of 2002
one of those crazy , mixed-up films that does n't know what it wants to be when it grows up
too tenuous
like its parade of predecessors ,
like its parade of predecessors
like just one more in the long line of films this year about
a dentist 's waiting room
enough to give you brain strain
Flat , but with a revelatory performance by Michelle Williams .
Flat
Flat ,
Flaccid drama and exasperatingly slow journey .
Flashy , pretentious and as impenetrable as Morvern 's thick , working-class Scottish accent .
Filmmakers have to dig deep to sink this low .
did n't convince me that Calvin Jr . 's Barbershop represents some sort of beacon of hope in the middle of Chicago 's South Side
did n't care
A free-for-all of half-baked thoughts
'' and `` terrible
another self-consciously overwritten story
While Guzmán frustratingly refuses to give Pinochet 's crimes a political context
While Scorsese 's bold images and generally smart casting ensure that `` Gangs '' is never lethargic , the movie is hindered by a central plot that 's peppered with false starts and populated by characters who are nearly impossible to care about .
While it 's genuinely cool to hear characters talk about early rap records ( Sugar Hill Gang , etc. ) , the constant referencing of hip-hop arcana can alienate even the savviest audiences .
the brawn , but not the brains
I found myself finally unmoved by this film , which is immaculately produced and has serious things to say
There 's an admirable rigor to Jimmy 's relentless anger , and to the script 's refusal of a happy ending , but as those monologues stretch on and on , you realize there 's no place for this story to go but down
There 's an admirable rigor to Jimmy 's relentless anger , and to the script 's refusal of a happy ending , but as those monologues stretch on and on , you realize there 's no place for this story to go but down .
There 's an admirable rigor to Jimmy 's relentless anger , and to the script 's refusal of a happy ending ,
There 's a whole heap of nothing at the core of this slight coming-of-age\/coming-out tale .
I doubt anyone will remember the picture by the time Christmas really rolls around , but maybe it 'll be on video by then .
There 's a thin line between likably old-fashioned and fuddy-duddy , and
why should you buy the movie milk when the TV cow is free ?
why this did n't connect with me would require another viewing
why the whole is so often less than the sum of its parts in today 's Hollywood
neurotic , and self-absorbed
neurotic , and self-absorbed Martha as her heart begins to open
A depressing confirmation of everything those of us who do n't object to the description `` unelected ''
A depressing confirmation of everything those of us who do n't object to the description `` unelected '' have suspected all along :
A depressing confirmation of everything those of us who do n't object to the description `` unelected '' have suspected all along : George W. Bush is an incurious , uncharismatic , overgrown frat boy with a mean streak a mile wide
A depressing confirmation of everything those of us who do n't object to the description `` unelected '' have suspected all along : George W. Bush is an incurious , uncharismatic , overgrown frat boy with a mean streak a mile wide .
A dreary movie .
reprehensible
represents glossy Hollywood at its laziest
represents glossy Hollywood at its laziest .
be cerebral , too dull and pretentious to be engaging
The problem with this film is that it lacks focus .
The problem with the film is whether these ambitions , laudable in themselves , justify a theatrical simulation of the death camp of Auschwitz II-Birkenau .
The problem with the film
The reality of the new live-action Pinocchio he directed , cowrote and starred in borders on the grotesque .
to the changes required of her , but the actress and director Peter Kosminsky never get the audience to break through the wall her character erects
sitting in a downtown café , overhearing a bunch of typical late-twenty-somethings natter on about nothing ,
sitting in a downtown café , overhearing a bunch of typical late-twenty-somethings natter on about nothing , and
its refusal to recognise any of the signposts , as if discovering a way through to the bitter end without a map
, accepting a 50-year-old in the role is creepy in a Michael Jackson sort of way .
, a standard-issue crime drama spat out from the Tinseltown assembly line .
, accessible to a chosen few , standoffish to everyone else , and smugly suggests a superior moral tone is more important than filmmaking skill
, alas , it collapses like an overcooked soufflé .
, after being an object of intense scrutiny for 104 minutes , remains a complete blank
about rubbo 's dumbed-down tactics
about nothing delivered by the former mr
restrained to be a freak show , too mercenary and obvious to be cerebral , too dull and pretentious to be engaging
restage the whole thing
P )
Not ` terrible filmmaking ' bad , but more like , ' I once had a nightmare like this , and it 's now coming true ' bad .
Not a stereotype is omitted nor a cliché left unsaid .
Not a strike against Yang 's similarly themed Yi Yi , but I found What Time ?
Norton has to recite bland police procedural details , Fiennes wanders around in an attempt to seem weird and distanced
Not completely loveable -- but what underdog movie since The Bad News Bears has been ?
straight-to-video movie
straight out of a cellular phone commercial
straight from the Saturday morning cartoons
to the tiniest segment of an already obscure demographic
wives are worse
with ` issues '
Stale
the worst kind of mythologizing
To say that this vapid vehicle is downright doltish and uneventful is just as obvious as telling a country skunk that he has severe body odor .
before i saw this movie and i could just skip it
the dragons are okay , not much fire in the script .
To say that this vapid vehicle is downright doltish and uneventful
's just the problem with it
's just no story , folks
's just no currency in deriding James Bond for being a clichéd , doddering , misogynistic boy 's club
's just no currency in deriding James Bond for being a clichéd , doddering , misogynistic boy 's club .
's just plain lurid when it is n't downright silly
's just plain lurid when it is n't downright silly .
's just plain bored
's just plain lurid
than enchanting ... terribly episodic and lacking the spark of imagination that might have made it an exhilarating
old disease-of-the-week small-screen melodramas
old crap
old college try
old bad trip
old ` juvenile delinquent ' paperbacks with titles
its make-believe promise of life
laden with plenty of baggage
lagging
lacks the detail of the book
lacks the utter authority of a genre gem
strains credulity and leaves the viewer haunted by the waste of potential
used my two hours better watching Being John Malkovich again
You do n't need to know your Ice-T 's from your Cool-J 's to realize that as far as these shootings are concerned , something is rotten in the state of California .
You emerge dazed , confused as to whether you 've seen pornography or documentary .
heavy-handed symbolism , dime-store psychology and endless scenic shots that make 105 minutes seem twice as long
heavy-handed symbolism , dime-store psychology and
heedless
ruin
run-of-the-mill vehicle
run-of-the-mill
sadistic
the gags are puerile .
unsubtle
outdated
outdated clothes and plastic knickknacks
stays in formula -- which is a waste of De Niro , McDormand and the other good actors in the cast
steaming , visceral heaps
of demonic doings on the high seas that works better the less the brain is engaged
to be funny , and too clipped and abbreviated to be an epic
to be hip . The end result is a film that 's neither
in wedgie heaven . Anyone else who may , for whatever reason , be thinking about going to see this movie is hereby given fair warning
in which a renowned filmmaker attempts to show off his talent by surrounding himself with untalented people
uninspired .
unholy hokum .
uninspired preachy and clichéd war
uninspired preachy and clichéd
A great ending does n't make up for a weak movie , and Crazy as Hell does n't even have a great ending
this cold vacuum of a comedy to start a reaction
as South Park
of his contradictory , self-hating , self-destructive ways
7th Heaven
The picture runs a mere 84 minutes ,
being recognized as the man who bilked unsuspecting moviegoers
Feardotcom 's thrills are all cheap ,
Feardotcom 's thrills are all cheap
again ransacks its archives for a quick-buck sequel .
again that the era of the intelligent , well-made B movie is long gone
insecure
in which two not very absorbing characters are engaged in a romance
77 minutes of Pokemon
in-your-face wallow
inability to create interest
Ignore the reputation , and ignore the film .
the mill sci-fi film with a flimsy ending
about the ups and downs of the heavy breathing between the two artists
about this English trifle
about three weeks in drive-ins
characteristically engorged and
Ill-considered , unholy hokum .
stripped almost entirely
Imagine O. Henry 's The Gift of the Magi relocated to the scuzzy underbelly of NYC 's drug scene .
Personal Velocity seems to be idling in neutral
struggle
is so cliched and contrived that it makes your least favorite James Bond movie seem as cleverly plotted as The Usual Suspects
is so charmless and vacant
pays a price for its intricate intellectual gamesmanship
is so bad , that it 's almost worth seeing because it 's so bad .
is so consistently unimaginative
is so completely inane that one would have to be mighty bored to even think of staying with this for more than , say , ten ... make that three minutes
is so consistently unimaginative that probably the only way to have saved the film is with the aid of those wisecracking Mystery Science Theater 3000 guys .
is so consistently unimaginative that probably the only way to have saved the film is with the aid of those wisecracking Mystery Science Theater 3000 guys
peculiarly
this is lame .
this is a dull , dour documentary on what ought to be a joyful or at least fascinating subject
falls back on the same old formula of teen sex , outrageous pranks and scenes designed to push the envelope of bad taste for laughs .
falls flat .
falls flat in just
falls flat in just about every conceivable area
falls flat in just about every conceivable area .
falls flat where it should deliver a moral punch
falls flat where it should deliver a moral punch .
falls short
falls short in building the drama of Lilia 's journey
learned the hard way just
least accessible
Dawdles and drags
Davis ... is so enamored of her own creation that she ca n't see how insufferable the character is .
rigid
Dawdles and drags when it should pop
Dawdles and drags when it should pop ;
could have been a daytime soap opera
unfortunately
unindicted here ,
A real clunker . A well-made , thoughtful , well-acted clunker , but a clunker
A real clunker .
A real clunker . A well-made , thoughtful , well-acted clunker
A real clunker
A ragbag
A ragbag of promising ideas and failed narrative , of good acting and plain old bad filmmaking
A predictable and stereotypical little B-movie
A predictable and stereotypical little B-movie .
, ugly and destructive little \*\*\*\*
, unassuming , subordinate
, unholy hokum .
, waits until after halftime to get started .
than a mall movie designed to kill time
that is in love with its own cleverness
that it 's slow at times
entirely witless and
entirely witless
entirely witless and inane ,
entirely witless and inane
Every sequel you skip
Every now and again , a movie comes along to remind us of how very bad a motion picture can truly be .
Every joke is repeated at least --
Every joke is repeated at least -- annoying , is n't it ?
Every joke is repeated at least -- annoying , is n't it
Every nanosecond of the The New Guy reminds you that you could be doing something else far more pleasurable .
got ice water in your veins
gory , perverted , sex-soaked riff
got dropped from their record label , proving that one man 's ruin may be another 's fortune
gory or explicit
's sort of bogus
's still a mistake to go see it .
's spread too thin
's still a mistake to go see it
's still quite bad
're stuck with a script that prevents them from firing on all cylinders
unforgivingly inconsistent
're more likely to enjoy on a computer
're never quite sure where self-promotion ends and the truth begins
It 's a bad sign in a thriller when you instantly know whodunit .
It 's a boom-box of a movie that might have been titled ` The Loud and the Ludicrous ' ...
It 's a boom-box of a movie that might have been titled ` The Loud and the Ludicrous '
It 's a bad thing when a movie has about as much substance as its end credits blooper reel .
It 's a boom-box of a movie that might have been titled ` The Loud and the Ludicrous ' ... the pandering to a moviegoing audience dominated by young males is all too calculated
unhurried , low-key film
the movie were less simplistic , obvious , clumsily plotted and shallowly characterized
provokes a handful of unintentional howlers and numerous yawns .
slow , predictable
a slow study : The action is stilted and the tabloid energy embalmed
a slow death
guilt
thinking over and over again , ' I should be enjoying this . '
slick , superficial and trend-hoppy
sense and sensibility have been overrun by what can only be characterized as robotic sentiment .
too mercenary and obvious
too loud and
the pity
is disappointingly generic
will leave you wanting to abandon the theater .
is disappointingly generic .
like this presuppose religious bigotry
like to dismiss the film
incessant
A sham construct based on theory , sleight-of-hand , and ill-wrought hypothesis .
A sham
A simpler , leaner treatment would have been preferable ; after all , being about nothing is sometimes funnier than being about something .
neither as funny nor as charming as it thinks it is
needs to shake up the mix , and work in something that does n't feel like a half-baked stand-up routine
neglects to add the magic that made it all work
negatives
negligible work
negligible British comedy .
neither Sendak nor the directors are particularly engaging or articulate .
this film , like the similarly ill-timed Antitrust ,
timid and soggy
prey to its sob-story trappings .
his formula of dimwitted comedy and even dimmer characters
is paced at a speed that is slow to those of us in middle age and deathly slow to any teen . With a cast of A-list Brit actors
might have required genuine acting from Ms. Spears
might be tempting to regard Mr. Andrew and his collaborators as oddballs
might imagine that most every aggrieved father cliché has been unturned .
might imagine that most every aggrieved father cliché has been unturned
might be like trying to eat Brussels sprouts .
might be intolerable company
might just be better suited to a night in the living room than a night at the movies
does n't really know or care about the characters , and
does n't really know or care about the characters
does n't really know or care about the characters ,
does n't work for me
does n't transcend genre
Wildly incompetent but brilliantly named Half Past Dead -- or for Seagal
because of its broad racial insensitivity towards African-Americans
Wildly incompetent but brilliantly named Half Past Dead -- or for Seagal pessimists :
terrorists are more evil than ever !
make a dull , pretentious version of jesus ' son
Wildly incompetent
because it was too overbearing
it 's stupid
it 's sort of bogus and it 's ho-hum all the way through
because of its bad-luck timing
it 's still quite bad
it 's still a mistake to go see it .
it 's spread too thin
it 's sort of true and it 's sort of bogus and it 's ho-hum all the way through
than money why this distinguished actor would stoop so low
than pure wankery
its one-joke premise with the thesis
The picture is a primer on what happens when lack of know-how mixes with lack of give-a-damn .
The picture , scored by a perversely cheerful Marcus Miller accordion\/harmonica\/banjo abomination , is a monument to bad in all its florid variety .
The period -- swinging London in the time of the mods and the rockers -- gets the once-over once again in Gangster No . 1 , but falls apart long before the end .
Jagjit
does n't have a single surprise up its sleeve .
does n't just make the most out of its characters ' flaws but insists on the virtue of imperfection
hard-to-believe plot twists force the movie off track in its final half hour
on its own self-referential hot air
own pretentious self-examination
traps audiences in a series of relentlessly nasty situations
traps audiences in a series of relentlessly nasty situations that we would pay a considerable ransom not to be looking at
trapped inside a huge video game
traps audiences in a series of relentlessly nasty situations that we would pay a considerable ransom not to be looking at .
to be a one-trick pony
and the challenges of friendships between women
to be a collection taken for the comedian at the end of the show
arrogant Richard Pryor wannabe
arrived for an incongruous summer playoff , demonstrating yet again that the era of the intelligent , well-made B movie is long gone
arrangements and mind games , of no erotic or sensuous charge
is it a monsterous one
look into having him committed
so corny
if overly talky documentary .
if not very imaginative ,
if overly talky
his ambitions have wandered
his Rules is barely worth following .
is instead about as fresh as last week 's issue of Variety .
the broiling sun
the broiling sun for a good three days
the bottom tier of blaxploitation flicks
German Jewish refugees
sounds sick and twisted
Not the kind of film that will appeal to a mainstream American audience , but
Not the kind of film that will appeal to a mainstream American audience
Not the kind of film that will appeal to a mainstream American audience ,
Not the kind of film
Nothing 's at stake , just a twisty double-cross you can smell a mile away --
given up
, it 's enough to make you wish Jacquot had left well enough alone and just filmed the opera without all these distortions of perspective .
that gives Hollywood sequels a bad name
dealing in broad stereotypes and outrageously unbelievable scenarios , and saddled with a general air of misogyny
deathbed
death is lurking around the corner , just waiting to spoil things
, Hard Copy should come a-knocking
, Hart 's War has much to recommend it , even if the top-billed Willis is not the most impressive player . As a story of dramatic enlightenment , the screenplay by Billy Ray and Terry George leaves something to be desired .
, Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets finds a way to make J . K . Rowling 's marvelous series into a deadly bore .
, Herzog simply runs out of ideas and the pace turns positively leaden as the movie sputters to its inevitable tragic conclusion .
Marries the amateurishness of The Blair Witch Project with the illogic of Series 7
Marries the amateurishness of The Blair Witch Project with the illogic of Series 7 :
Marries the amateurishness of The Blair Witch Project with the illogic of Series 7 : The Contenders to create a completely crass and forgettable movie
Marries the amateurishness of The Blair Witch Project with the illogic of Series 7 : The Contenders to create a completely crass and forgettable movie .
like a high school film project
say things like '' si , pretty much '' and '' por favor , go home '' when talking to Americans . That 's muy loco , but no more ridiculous than most of the rest of '' Dragonfly . ''
like a film about a guy who is utterly unlikeable
cheap Hollywood tension
cheap effects
cheap knockoff
cheap trick
cheated exactly
cheating
disarming cornball atmosphere
told by a lobotomized Woody Allen
to the illogic of its characters
tossed out
tossed out the window with the intelligent French drama
winds up a bolly-holly masala mess
, superficial and trend-hoppy
, tarted up with Latin flava and turned out by Hollywood playas .
, substandard fashion
, such revelations wilt
window dressing
, tasteless
A sequence of ridiculous shoot - 'em - up scenes
A sequence of ridiculous shoot - 'em -
A sequence of ridiculous shoot - 'em - up scenes .
A sequel that 's much too big for its britches .
By-the-numbers yarn .
Laggard drama wending its way to an uninspired philosophical epiphany
Laggard drama wending its way to an uninspired philosophical epiphany .
's worse , routine
's worked too hard on this movie
's worked too hard on this movie .
joke
jaundiced
The somber pacing and lack of dramatic fireworks
The somber pacing and lack
the abuses of one of Latin America 's most oppressive regimes
sentimentality and annoying stereotypes
Andrew 's Turnabout Is Fair Play is every bit as awful as Borchardt 's Coven
aimless story
aimless
aims to confuse
aimlessness
an existent anti-virus . If only there were one for this kind of movie
an excuse to get to the closing bout ... by which time it 's impossible to care who wins
twenty the worst of the Brosnan bunch
... get a sense of good intentions derailed by a failure to seek and strike just the right tone .
... for all its social and political potential , State Property does n't end up being very inspiring or insightful .
... expands the horizons of boredom to the point of collapse , turning into a black hole of dullness , from which no interesting concept can escape .
... comes alive only when it switches gears to the sentimental .
... feels as if ( there 's ) a choke leash around your neck so director Nick Cassavetes can give it a good , hard yank whenever he wants you to feel something .
... familiar and predictable , and 4\/5ths of it might as well have come from a Xerox machine rather than ( writer-director ) Franc . Reyes ' word processor .
... better described as a ghost story gone badly awry .
... as stiff , ponderous and charmless as a mechanical apparatus
... but its abrupt drop in IQ points as it races to the finish line proves simply too discouraging to let slide .
... built on the premise that middle-class Arkansas consists of monster truck-loving good ol' boys and peroxide blond honeys whose worldly knowledge comes from TV reruns and supermarket tabloids .
Queen Of The Damned is a pointless , meandering celebration of the goth-vampire , tortured woe-is-me lifestyle .
Qualities that were once amusing are becoming irritating .
find room for one more member of his little band , a professional screenwriter
find much fascination in the swinging . What they 're doing is a matter of plumbing arrangements and mind games , of no erotic or sensuous charge .
of an ever-ruminating , genteel yet decadent aristocracy that can no longer pay its bills
find something new to add to the canon of Chan . Make Chan 's action sequences boring
the movie grows boring despite the scenery .
` what you do n't see ' is much more terrifying than what you do
` blundering ' style
the movie equivalent of a sweaty old guy in a rain coat shopping for cheap porn
Juwanna Mann is even more ludicrous than you 'd expect from the guy-in-a-dress genre
Just the sort of lazy tearjerker that gives movies about ordinary folk a bad name .
Just is n't as weird as it ought to be .
Just send it to Cranky . We do n't get paid enough to sit through crap like this
stitch
toothless
Vietnam War
's something else altogether -- clownish and offensive and nothing at all like real life
the gang-infested
A sugar-coated Rocky
A stupid , derivative horror film that substitutes extreme gore for suspense .
A stupid , derivative horror film that substitutes extreme
A stupid , derivative horror film
A sour attempt at making a Farrelly Brothers-style , down-and-dirty laugher for the female set .
A spooky yarn of demonic doings on the high seas that works better the less the brain is engaged .
A spooky yarn of demonic doings on the high seas that works better the less the brain is engaged
The first question to ask about Bad Company is why Anthony Hopkins is in it .
makes little attempt to give voice to the other side
choppy ending
choppy recycling
whatever terror the heroes of horror movies try to avoid
makes me feel weird \ \/ Thinking about all the bad things in the world \ \/ Like puppies with broken legs \ \/ And butterflies that die \ \/ And movies starring pop queens
what the hell .
baffled by Jason X.
badly handled screenplay
badly handled
barely makes sense , with its unbelievable naïveté and arbitrary flashbacks .
barely enough to sustain an interstitial program on the Discovery Channel
could take me back to a time before i saw this movie and i could just skip it
could nap for an hour and not miss a thing
Director Ferzan Ozpetek creates an interesting dynamic with the members of this group , who live in the same apartment building . But he loses his focus when he concentrates on any single person .
Director Dirk Shafer and co-writer Greg Hinton ride the dubious divide where gay porn reaches for serious drama .
we have no idea what in creation is going on
we got Ten Little Indians meets Friday the 13th by way of Clean and Sober , filmed on the set of Carpenter 's The Thing and loaded with actors you 're most likely to find on the next inevitable incarnation of The Love Boat .
we get in FearDotCom is more like something from a bad Clive Barker movie . In other words
his latest has nothing going for it
many misses as hits
needs to overcome gaps in character development and story logic
needlessly poor quality
needing other people
High Crimes carries almost no organic intrigue as a government \ \/ Marine\/legal mystery ,
High Crimes carries almost no organic intrigue as a government \ \/ Marine\/legal mystery
High Crimes carries almost no organic intrigue as a government \ \/ Marine\/legal mystery , and
Hey everybody , wanna watch a movie in which a guy dressed as a children 's party clown gets violently gang-raped ?
Hey everybody , wanna watch a movie in which a guy dressed as a children 's party clown gets violently gang-raped ? I did n't think so .
High Crimes flog the dead horse of surprise as if it were an obligation . How about surprising us by trying something new
High Crimes carries almost no organic intrigue as a government \ \/ Marine\/legal mystery , and that 's because the movie serves up all of that stuff , nearly subliminally , as the old-hat province of male intrigue .
The directing and story are disjointed , flaws that have to be laid squarely on Taylor 's doorstep . But
The directing and story are disjointed , flaws that have to be laid squarely on Taylor 's doorstep .
oftentimes funny , yet ultimately cowardly
John McTiernan 's botched remake may be subtler than Norman Jewison 's 1975 ultraviolent futuristic corporate-sports saga .
John Le Carré with a couple of burnt-out cylinders
to invest such subtlety and warmth in an animatronic bear when the humans are acting like puppets
indulgence
intrepid hero ? Ridiculous
intrepid hero ? Ridiculous . What 's next ? D . J . Qualls as Indiana Jones ? Or Tom Green as Han Solo ?
intrepid hero ? Ridiculous .
sign a pact to burn the negative and the script and pretend the whole thing never existed
shun her kids , travel to one of the most dangerous parts of the world , don fatigues and become G.I. Jane
test severely the indulgence of fans of Amélie
terror the heroes of horror movies try to avoid
terrifically told by the man who wrote it but this Cliff Notes edition is a cheat
is well below expectations .
is wasted in this crass , low-wattage endeavor .
is well below expectations
is wasted in this crass , low-wattage endeavor
lethargic
a really bad community theater production
a really bad community theater production of West Side Story
a recent movie that has worked this hard to achieve this little fun
a recruitment film for future Hollywood sellouts
uselessly redundant and
remains a reactive cipher , when opening the man 's head and heart is the only imaginable reason for the film to be made
it actually has a bundle in common with them , as the film diffuses every opportunity for a breakthrough
it Gutterball
it a comedy ? A drama ? A romance ?
it 's used so extensively that good bits are hopelessly overshadowed
it ) comes off like a Hallmark commercial
it 's unfortunate for the viewer that the thoughts and reflections coming through are torpid and banal
Often gruelling and
of their Lord as a luv-spreading Dr . Feelgood or omnipotent slacker
wonder what the reaction of Israelis will be to this supposedly evenhanded presentation
wonder what the point of it is
children deserve better than Pokemon 4Ever .
's quite an achievement to set and shoot a movie at the Cannes Film Festival and yet fail to capture its visual appeal or its atmosphere .
's really little more than a particularly slanted , gay s\/m fantasy , enervating and deadeningly drawn-out
's really just another silly Hollywood action film , one among a multitude of simple-minded , yahoo-ing death shows .
's really just another silly Hollywood action film , one among a multitude of simple-minded , yahoo-ing death shows
's really little more than a particularly slanted , gay s\/m fantasy , enervating and deadeningly drawn-out .
opens today in the New York metropolitan area , so distasteful
Writer\/director John McKay ignites some charming chemistry between Kate and Jed but , when he veers into sodden melodrama , punctuated by violins , it 's disastrous and Kate 's jealous female friends become downright despicable
Writer\/director John McKay ignites some charming chemistry between Kate and Jed but , when he veers into sodden melodrama , punctuated by violins , it 's disastrous and
Makin ' a fool of himself
had a nightmare
had a nightmare like this
had , in fact , been fleshed out a little more instead of going for easy smiles
had , in fact
hackneyed romance
of Marivaux 's rhythms , and Mira Sorvino 's limitations as a classical actress
of Martha Stewart decorating program run amok
of Love , the sort of bitter old crank who sits behind his light meter and harangues the supposed injustices of the artistic world-at-large
contains almost enough chuckles for a three-minute sketch , and no more .
Propelled not by characters but by caricatures
An inelegant combination of two unrelated shorts that falls far short of the director 's previous work in terms
contains no wit , only labored gags
Professionally speaking , it 's tempting to jump ship in January to avoid ridiculous schlock like this shoddy suspense thriller .
Proof that a thriller can be sleekly shot , expertly cast , paced with crisp professionalism ... and still be a letdown if its twists and turns hold no more surprise than yesterday 's weather report .
Proof that a thriller can be sleekly shot , expertly cast , paced with crisp professionalism ... and still be a letdown if its twists and turns hold no more surprise than yesterday 's weather report
Cold
hindered
holds even less when it turns into an elegiacally soggy Saving Private Ryanovich
hindered by a central plot that 's peppered with false starts and populated by characters who are nearly impossible to care about
of paint-by-number American blockbusters like Pearl Harbor , at least
film is yet to be made
film school undergrad
The audience when I saw this one was chuckling at all the wrong times , and that 's a bad sign when they 're supposed to be having a collective heart attack
The audience when I saw this one was chuckling at all the wrong times , and that 's a bad sign when they 're supposed to be having a collective heart attack .
The audience when I saw this one was chuckling at all the wrong times , and
comically dismal social realism
become wearisome .
become wearisome
, insulting , or childish
, interest can not be revived .
for a few airborne TV sets or nude groupies on the nod to liven things up
cumbersome and cliche-ridden movie
cumbersome and
cumbersome and cliche-ridden
a haunting sense of malaise
, the film trails off into inconsequentiality .
, the jaunt is practically over before it begins .
Instead of a witty expose on the banality and hypocrisy of too much kid-vid
Control-Alt-Delete
Control-Alt-Delete Simone
Insomnia does not become one of those rare remakes to eclipse the original ,
Insomnia loses points when it surrenders to a formulaic bang-bang , shoot-em-up scene at the conclusion .
Insomnia loses points when it surrenders to a formulaic bang-bang , shoot-em-up scene at the conclusion . But
A sophomoric exploration of ` life problems ' most people solved long ago -- or at least
The pacing is often way off and there are too many bona fide groaners among too few laughs .
The pacing is often way off and
The pacing is often way off and there are too many bona fide groaners among too few laughs
The pacing is deadly , the narration helps little and Naipaul , a juicy writer , is negated .
The pacing is often way off
cruel , misanthropic stuff
Jason X has cheesy effects and a hoary plot
One senses in World Traveler and in his earlier film that Freundlich bears a grievous but obscure complaint against fathers , and circles it obsessively , without making contact .
One sloughs one 's way through the mire of this alleged psychological thriller in search of purpose or even a plot .
the sort of low-grade dreck that usually goes straight to video -- with a lousy script , inept direction , pathetic acting , poorly dubbed dialogue and murky cinematography , complete with visible boom mikes
more interesting in concept
an embarrassment , a monotonous , disjointed jumble of borrowed plot points and
an embarrassment , a monotonous , disjointed jumble of borrowed plot points and situations
an embarrassment , a monotonous ,
an embarrassment , a monotonous , disjointed jumble of borrowed plot points
really belongs with any viewer forced to watch him try out so many complicated facial expressions
While some of the camera work is interesting , the film 's mid-to-low budget is betrayed by the surprisingly shoddy makeup work .
While it may not add up to the sum of its parts
While it 's all quite tasteful to look at , the attention process tends to do a little fleeing of its own .
bad behavior
, it 's still a mistake to go see it .
As blunt as it is in depicting child abuse
, it barely gives one pause when considering some of the other dreck out there right now .
dead
's pretty linear and only makeup-deep
's plotless , shapeless
, it becomes everything that the rather clumsy original was railing against
a ho-hum affair
How many more times will indie filmmakers subject us to boring , self-important stories of how horrible we are to ourselves and each other ?
backstabbing
backstabbing and betrayals
play out with the intellectual and emotional impact of an after-school special
the more lascivious-minded might be disappointed in the relative modesty of a movie that sports a ` topless tutorial service
of a thousand cliches
of a travesty of a transvestite comedy
Lawrence gives us mostly fool 's gold
Lawrence desperately looks elsewhere , seizing on George 's haplessness and Lucy 's personality tics .
Lawrence hates criticism so much that he refuses to evaluate his own work
Lawrence has only a fleeting grasp of how to develop them
the more hackneyed elements of the film easier to digest
the more hackneyed elements of the film
the more common saccharine genre
the more outre aspects of ` black culture ' and the dorkier aspects
is a kind of perpetual pain
to recommend this film because for every thing it does right there 's at least one and occasionally two things it gets ever so wrong
is rote drivel aimed at Mom and Dad 's wallet .
is rote drivel aimed at Mom and Dad 's wallet
is rote spookiness , with nary an original idea ( or role , or edit , or score , or anything , really ) in sight
is rote spookiness
this could be a movie that ends up slapping its target audience in the face by shooting itself in the foot .
giving a big middle-fingered '' shut up '' to those who talk up what is nothing more than two guys beating the hell outta one another
is rather like being trapped while some weird relative trots out the video he took of the family vacation to Stonehenge .
is rigid and evasive in ways
awful snooze .
b.s. one another
b.s.
is a contrivance , as artificial as the video games japanese teens play in a nightclub sequence
is a contrivance ,
is a dim-witted pairing of teen-speak and animal gibberish
is a film living far too much in its own head
The innate theatrics that provide its thrills and extreme emotions lose their luster when flattened onscreen .
shoplifts shamelessly from farewell-to-innocence movies like the wanderers and a bronx tale without cribbing any of their intelligence
shoplifts shamelessly from farewell-to-innocence movies like the wanderers and a bronx tale
in the long-winded heist comedy
in the media
in the middle and lurches between not-very-funny comedy , unconvincing dramatics and some last-minute action strongly reminiscent of Run Lola Run
lived in a state of quiet desperation
's nothing fresh about Wannabes , which was written by Mr . DeMeo ,
the haunting images
the haphazardness of evil
sameness
same-old
same-old , lame-old slasher nonsense
combat hell
combined with indoctrinated prejudice
SNL '' has-been
SOOOOO tired
, such talent , such a wise \*\*\* .
was done better in Wilder 's Some Like It Hot is like saying the sun rises in the east .
was chuckling at all the wrong times
was captured by this movie when she obviously belongs in something lighter and sunnier
suffering and
as Anna Battista , an Italian superstar and aspiring directress who just happens to be her own worst enemy
as Dahmer
archival foot-age
approaching even a vague reason to sit through it all
are -- no real plot , no real conflict , no real point
of either cracking up or throwing up
of describing badness
The Santa Clause 2 's plot may sound like it was co-written by Mattel executives and lobbyists for the tinsel industry .
... the story is far-flung , illogical , and plain stupid .
The Sum of All Fears is almost impossible to follow
... the whole thing succeeded only in making me groggy .
as this becomes just another kung-fu sci-fi movie with silly action sequences
as thick as the cigarette smoke
is sadly a tough sit , with an undeveloped narrative and enough flashbacks and heavy-handed metaphors to choke a horse -- or at least slow him down to a canter .
the discord
wasted
is sadly a tough sit , with an undeveloped narrative and enough flashbacks and heavy-handed metaphors to choke a horse -- or at least slow him down to a canter
atrocious
at-a-frat-party school of screenwriting
atrocities
atrociously , mind-numbingly , indescribably bad movie
atrociously
the film 's open-ended finale that refuses to entirely close its characters ' emotional wounds .
the more overtly silly dialogue
is sabotaged by ticking time bombs and other Hollywood-action cliches .
, low-budget constraints
composed of snappy patter and pseudo-sophisticated cultural observations , while the remainder ... would be more at home on a daytime television serial
complicated to sustain involvement , and , if you 'll excuse a little critical heresy , too intellectually ambitious
hell-bent
, but it does n't really deliver the delicious guilty pleasure of the better film versions .
, but it does n't go too much further .
's neither as funny nor as charming as it thinks it is
's most offensive
's most improbable feat ? It did n't go straight to video
's neither original nor terribly funny
this movie so much as produced it -- like sausage
wanders all over the map thematically and stylistically , and borrows heavily from lynch , jeunet , and von trier while failing to find a spark of its own
wanting more answers as the credits roll
a bit of a patchwork in script and production
a bland , pretentious mess .
venomous
low-grade dreck that usually goes straight to video -- with a lousy script , inept direction , pathetic acting , poorly dubbed dialogue and murky cinematography
low-grade dreck
low-grade
low-budget filmmaking
low-grade dreck that usually goes straight to video -- with a lousy script , inept direction , pathetic acting , poorly dubbed dialogue and murky cinematography , complete with visible boom mikes
low-grade dreck that usually goes straight to video -- with a lousy script , inept direction , pathetic acting , poorly dubbed dialogue and murky cinematography ,
mysterious and brutal nature
nagging
an eventual cult
any true emotional connection or identification frustratingly
any viewer forced to watch him try out so many complicated facial expressions
An empty exercise , a florid but ultimately vapid crime melodrama with lots of surface flash but little emotional resonance .
An empty exercise
An empty exercise ,
of nascent industrialized world politics as a new art form , but far too clunky , didactic and saddled with scenes that seem simply an ill fit for this movie
of nonsense
Bad '' is the operative word for '' Bad Company
Bad '' is the operative word for '' Bad Company ,
B-grade special effects
B-film thuggery
B-flick
B-film
Lurid and less than lucid work
Lurid and less
Lurid
its `` men in a sardine can '' warped
its amiable jerking
becomes more specimen than character
becomes instead a grating endurance test
becomes just another revenge film
becomes long and tedious
becomes long and tedious like a classroom
its attitude and its obliviousness
becomes one more dumb high school comedy about sex gags and prom dates
becomes predictably conventional
to fill a frame . Like the Hanks character
its awkward structure keeps breaking the spell .
cop flick cliches
played-out idea
to feel sorry for Mick Jagger 's sex life
earlier copycat Under Siege
ZigZag might have been richer and more observant if it were less densely plotted .
This is n't my favorite in the series
This is n't my favorite in the series ,
This is n't a new idea .
very few laughs and even less surprises
very hollowness
to begrudge anyone for receiving whatever consolation
's impossible to claim that it is `` Based on a True Story '' with a straight face .
's horribly wrong
's impossible to claim that it is `` Based on a True Story '' with a straight face
's indicative of how uncompelling the movie is unless it happens to cover your particular area of interest
but rather , ` How can you charge money for this ? '
but never less than pure wankery .
but this Cliff Notes edition is a cheat
another phone call warning you that if the video is n't back at Blockbuster before midnight , you 're going to face frightening late fees
self-infatuated goofball
self-indulgent and remarkably ugly to look at
self-indulgent and remarkably ugly to look at , it 's ... like a series of pretentiously awful student films strung together into one feature-length horror .
self-infatuated
self-glorification and a manipulative whitewash . Stay
self-important and
One thing 's for sure -- if George Romero had directed this movie , it would n't have taken the protagonists a full hour to determine that in order to kill a zombie you must shoot it in the head .
One thing 's for sure -- if George Romero had directed this movie , it would n't have taken the protagonists a full hour to determine that in order to kill a zombie you must shoot it in the head
One of the more glaring signs of this movie 's servitude to its superstar is the way it skirts around any scenes that might have required genuine acting from Ms. Spears .
Heartbreak Hospital wants to convey the same kind of haughtiness in its own sketchy material
Heartbreak Hospital wants to convey the same kind of haughtiness in its own sketchy material but this territory has already been explored previously with better aplomb and sardonic wit .
Heaven '' appalling
Heaven allows , if you wanted to make as anti-Kieslowski a pun as possible . Suffice to say its total promise is left slightly unfulfilled
Heavy-handed
's hardly over before it begins to fade from memory
's icky
's hardly watchable
's icky .
's impossible to care
you 've seen many times before
without having much dramatic impact
provides an invaluable service
's a boom-box of a movie that might have been titled ` The Loud and the Ludicrous '
's a bizarre curiosity memorable mainly for the way it fritters away its potentially interesting subject matter via a banal script , unimpressive acting and indifferent direction .
's a bizarre curiosity memorable mainly for the way it fritters away its potentially interesting subject matter via a banal script , unimpressive acting and indifferent direction
's a choppy , surface-effect feeling to the whole enterprise
's a buggy drag .
's a buggy drag
's a cookie-cutter movie , a cut-and-paste job
the haphazard administration of it and
have been modeled on the worst revenge-of-the-nerds clichés the filmmakers could dredge up
one big , dumb action movie .
one big , dumb action movie . Stress ` dumb
one big excuse to play one lewd scene after another . About half of them are funny , a few are sexy and none are useful in telling the story , which is paper-thin and decidedly unoriginal
have been discovered , indulged in and rejected as boring before I see this piece of crap again
have been funnier if the director had released the outtakes theatrically and used the film as a bonus feature on the DVD
have been made by people to whom the idea of narrative logic or cohesion is an entirely foreign concept
Plodding , poorly written , murky and weakly acted , the picture feels as if everyone making it lost their movie mojo .
the major issues
you 've seen many times before , repackaged as new material because there is a Latino in the lead .
It 's as if De Palma spent an hour setting a fancy table and then served up Kraft Macaroni and Cheese .
It 's as if you 're watching a movie that was made in 1978 but not released then because it was so weak , and it has been unearthed and released now , when it has become even weaker .
It 's badly acted , blandly directed , and could have been scripted by someone who just graduated from elementary school .
It 's been 13 months and 295 preview screenings since I last walked out on a movie
It 's been 13 months and 295 preview screenings since I last walked out on a movie ,
It 's been 13 months and 295 preview screenings since I last walked out on a movie , but
It 's been 13 months and 295 preview screenings since I last walked out on a movie , but Resident Evil really earned my indignant , preemptive departure
It 's been 13 months and 295 preview screenings since I last walked out on a movie , but Resident Evil really earned my indignant , preemptive departure .
It 's best to avoid imprisonment with the dull , nerdy folks that inhabit Cherish .
is the way it avoids the more serious emotions involved .
is no psychology here , and no real narrative logic -- just a series of carefully choreographed atrocities , which become strangely impersonal and abstract
is no doubt true , but serves as a rather thin moral to such a knowing fable
is not , nor will he be , back
Jackson tries to keep the plates spinning as best he can , but all the bouncing back and forth ca n't help but become a bit tedious -- even with the breathtaking landscapes and villainous varmints there to distract you from the ricocheting
is a dud
is a disaster , with cloying messages and irksome characters .
vies with pretension -- and sometimes plain wacky implausibility -- throughout Maelstrom .
viewers not amused by the sick sense of humor
viewers out in the cold
is a dud -- a romantic comedy that 's not the least bit romantic and only mildly funny .
viewers out in the cold and undermines some phenomenal performances
viewers out in the cold and
is a dud -- a romantic comedy that 's not the least bit romantic and only mildly funny
is a depressing experience
is a disaster , with cloying messages and irksome characters
is a disaster ,
its awkward structure
tsai ming-liang 's ghosts are painfully aware of their not-being .
tsai ming-liang 's ghosts are painfully aware of their not-being
trying to distract us with the solution to another
in middle-of-the-road blandness
with a loony melodramatic denouement in which a high school swimming pool substitutes for a bathtub
with a large human tragedy . Alas , getting there is not even half the interest
with a lot of static set ups , not much camera movement , and most of the scenes
with a lower I . Q . than when I had entered
Though the book runs only about 300 pages , it is so densely packed ... that even an ambitious adaptation and elaborate production like Mr . Schepisi 's seems skimpy and unclear .
Though the book runs only about 300 pages , it is so densely packed ... that even an ambitious adaptation and elaborate production like Mr . Schepisi 's seems skimpy and unclear
Though it goes further than both , anyone who has seen The Hunger or Cat People will find little new here ,
Though it goes further than both , anyone who has seen The Hunger or Cat People will find little new here
emotional misery
emblematic of the witless ageism
emerging from between the badly dated cutesy-pie mystery scenario and the newfangled Hollywood post-production effects
break the audience 's awkward silence
brazenly rips off The Sixth Sense
breast and flatulence gags
, while it paints a sad picture of the singles scene
aging , suffering and the prospect of death
is a cop-out .
is a cop-out
is a decomposition of healthy eccentric inspiration and ambition -- wearing a cloak of unsentimental , straightforward text -- when it 's really an exercise in gross romanticization of the delusional personality type
astonishingly bad film
astonishingly bad
astonishing lack
hit-man
was so endlessly , grotesquely ,
are exactly what was missing from Rabbit-Proof Fence
wacky sight gags , outlandish color schemes , and corny visual puns
the last plot device left standing
a most hard-hearted person
numbs the movie 's power as a work of drama
numbs the movie 's power
nyc 's drug
flat as thinking man
loses credibility .
the rampantly designed Equilibrium becomes a concept doofus
loses credibility
loses all bite on the big screen .
loses all bite on the big screen
loses all
so insanely stupid , so awful
less than the sum of its parts
cheat
touched by an unprecedented tragedy
Reign of Fire never comes close to recovering from its demented premise , but
Reign of Fire never comes close to recovering from its demented premise ,
charred , somewhere northwest of the Bermuda Triangle
feel like a parody of the mellow , peace-and-love side of the '60s counterculture
put together with the preteen boy in mind
put you to sleep
put together with the preteen boy in mind .
putrid writing , direction and timing
putrid writing , direction and timing with a smile that says , ` If I stay positive , maybe I can channel one of my greatest pictures , Drunken Master .
putrid writing , direction and timing with a smile that says , ` If I stay positive , maybe I can channel one of my greatest pictures , Drunken Master
junkie
the vulgar , sexist , racist humour
the viewer to doze off for a few minutes or make several runs to the concession stand and\/or restroom and not feel as if he or she has missed anything
sympathizing with terrorist motivations by presenting the '' other side of the story
the wan , thinly sketched story
troubled teens
as a documentary , with less of Mr. Eyre 's uninspired dramatics
The film falls short on tension , eloquence , spiritual challenge -- things that have made the original New Testament stories so compelling for 20 centuries .
The film does n't really care about the thousands of Americans who die hideously
The film does n't show enough of the creative process or even of what was created for the non-fan to figure out what makes Wilco a big deal .
The film does n't really care about the thousands of Americans who die hideously , it cares about how Ryan meets his future wife and makes his start at the CIA .
The film did n't move me one way or the other ,
The film did n't move me one way or the other
, with all of the pitfalls of such you 'd expect .
Bolly-Holly masala mess
looks and plays like a $ 40 million version of a game you 're more likely to enjoy on a computer .
looks and feels tired
looks and feels tired .
much facile technique , such cute ideas , so little movie
much falseness
qualities that were once amusing are becoming irritating
qualities that were once amusing are becoming irritating .
5 grade trash
undercut by its awkward structure and a final veering
classified as a movie-industry satire
know what to make of this Italian freakshow
know the picture is in trouble .
know why Steven Seagal is considered a star , nor why he keeps being cast in action films when none of them are ever any good
know why Steven Seagal is considered a star , nor why he keeps being cast in action films when none of them are ever any good or
know who '' they '' were , what '' they '' looked like . Why '' they '' were here and what '' they '' wanted and quite honestly , I did n't care
's not just the vampires that are damned in Queen of the Damned
's not horrible , just horribly mediocre .
's not much going on in this movie unless you simply decide to buy into the notion that something inexplicably strange once happened in Point Pleasant
's not merely unwatchable , but also unlistenable .
's not merely unwatchable , but also unlistenable
are in this tepid genre offering
of the low-grade cheese standards on which it operates
of the hapless victims of the arrogant '' if we put together a wry white man and a chatty black man and give them guns , the movie will be funny '' syndrome
But here 's the real damn : It is n't funny , either .
But here 's a movie about it anyway .
But hard-to-believe plot twists force the movie off track in its final half hour .
people who have never picked a lock do so easily after a few tries and become expert fighters after a few weeks
insultingly simplistic
, others will find their humor-seeking dollars best spent elsewhere .
I suspect , not to offend by appearing either too serious or too lighthearted , it offends by just being wishy-washy
I suspect , not to offend by appearing either too serious or too lighthearted , it offends by just being wishy-washy .
They presume their audience wo n't sit still for a sociology lesson , however entertainingly presented , so they trot out the conventional science-fiction elements of bug-eyed monsters and futuristic women in skimpy clothes .
They just have problems , which are neither original nor are presented in convincing way .
They presume their audience wo n't sit still for a sociology lesson , however entertainingly presented , so they trot out the conventional science-fiction elements of bug-eyed monsters and futuristic women in skimpy clothes
They presume their audience wo n't sit still for a sociology lesson
a sinner
a sleepy afternoon rental
demons
The milieu is wholly unconvincing ...
so much as they are wincing back in repugnance
so much as distasteful
so much money
so much bad as bland
The movie is as padded as Allen 's jelly belly .
On its icy face , the new film is a subzero version of Monsters , Inc. , without the latter 's imagination , visual charm or texture .
On its own , it 's not very interesting .
On the evidence before us , the answer is clear : Not easily and , in the end , not well enough .
A 94-minute travesty of unparalleled proportions , writer-director Parker
for the ridicule factor
for the straight-to-video sci-fi rental shelf
The most excruciating 86 minutes one might sit through this summer that do not involve a dentist drill .
where the old adage `` be careful what you wish for ''
this one included )
whether you can tolerate Leon Barlow
glib but
stupidity , incoherence and sub-sophomoric sexual banter
A feeble Tootsie knockoff .
A feel-good movie that does n't give you enough to feel good about .
contains no wit , only labored gags .
hate it for the same reason
a reluctant , irresponsible man and
the entertaining elements of the original and , instead , rehash old jokes
This ready-made midnight movie probably wo n't stand the cold light of day
This ready-made midnight movie probably wo n't stand the cold light of day , but
that you want to slap it
to actual snow : a poor -- if durable -- imitation
This angst-ridden territory was covered earlier and much better in Ordinary People .
ungainly , comedy-deficient , B-movie
take what was otherwise a fascinating , riveting story and send it down the path of the mundane .
unfunny madcap comedy
suspension of disbelief
unfunny when it tries to makes us laugh
is just too bad the film 's story does not live up to its style .
is just too bad the film 's story does not live up to its style
is just too dialed-up to be America 's Sweetheart .
is just too dialed-up to be America 's Sweetheart
is just too slim
sparse instances
This Tuxedo ... should have been sent back to the tailor for some major alterations .
spat out from the Tinseltown assembly line .
spat out from the Tinseltown assembly line
hideously and clumsily
hideously and
hide the fact that Seagal 's overweight and out of shape
very bad Scouse accents
vent (
A very pretty after-school special . It 's an effort to watch this movie
A very pretty after-school special . It 's an effort to watch this movie ,
to recite bland police procedural details
to wrestle disbelief to the ground and then apply the chloroform-soaked handkerchief
to work , love stories require the full emotional involvement and support of a viewer . that is made almost impossible by events that set the plot in motion
to work , love stories require the full emotional involvement and support of a viewer . that is made almost impossible by events that set the plot in motion .
as boring before I see this piece of crap again
as boring and as obvious
as boring and
as boring
has calcified into chronic cynicism and fear
far the worst movie of the year
far the worst movie
far short
far more alienating than involving
far less enjoyable
of Malcolm in the Middle and its pubescent star , Frankie Muniz
worse ,
Holland lets things peter out midway ,
Predictable storyline and
Predictable storyline
Predictable storyline and by-the-book scripting
takes a look at 5 alternative housing options
takes a potentially trite and overused concept ( aliens come to Earth ) and
without thrills
regret and
regard Mr. Andrew and his collaborators as oddballs
B-movie you
generate any interest in an unsympathetic hero caught up in an intricate plot that while cleverly worked out , can not overcome blah characters
ca n't shake the feeling that Crossroads is nothing more than an hour-and-a-half-long commercial for Britney 's latest album
ca n't support the epic treatment
ca n't rescue this effort .
ca n't rescue this effort
ca n't save it
ca n't sustain it .
a jaded critic
to lose the smug self-satisfaction usually associated with the better private schools
is overblown in its plotting , hackneyed in its dialogue and anachronistic in its style
is otherwise a cliche-riddled but self-serious spy thriller
is one that uses clips from Brian De Palma 's Scarface . That 's a cheat
is one of the most repellent things to pop up in a cinematic year already littered with celluloid garbage .
the nauseating fictions peddled by such ` Have-yourself-a-happy-little-Holocaust ' movies as Life Is Beautiful and Jakob the Liar
a troubling interpretation of Ecclesiastes . A rewarding work of art for only the most patient and challenge-hungry moviegoers
catch some quality naptime along the way
cause you to bite your tongue to keep from laughing at the ridiculous dialog or the oh-so convenient plot twists
rarely does a film so graceless and devoid of merit as this one come along .
Mr . Wedge and Mr . Saldanha handle the mix of verbal jokes and slapstick well . Their film falters , however , in its adherence to the Disney philosophy of required poignancy , a salute that I 'd hoped the movie would avoid .
Ms . Phoenix is completely lacking in charm and charisma , and is unable to project either Esther 's initial anomie or her eventual awakening .
Bad and
Bad and baffling
Bad Things
Bad Film
Bad Film You Thought Was Going To Be Really Awful
Bad . Very bad . Stultifyingly , dumbfoundingly , mind-numbingly bad .
Bad Company leaves a bad taste , not only because of its bad-luck timing , but also the staleness of its script .
Bad . Very bad . Stultifyingly , dumbfoundingly ,
Bad . Very bad . Stultifyingly , dumbfoundingly , mind-numbingly bad
Still , I thought it could have been more .
sloppily
Why , you may ask , why should you buy the movie milk when the TV cow is free ? There 's no good answer to that one .
filling the void with sci-fi video game graphics and Disney-fied adolescent angst
larceny
long , dishonorable history
sexual jealousy , resentment
Felinni would know what to make of this Italian freakshow
Femme Fatale offers nothing more than a bait-and-switch that is beyond playing fair with the audience . Are we dealing with dreams , visions or being told what actually happened as if it were the third ending of Clue ?
Feels strangely hollow at its emotional core .
overlong infomercial
this is n't even a movie we can enjoy as mild escapism
like an extended dialogue exercise in Retard 101
like an overcooked soufflé
like an unbalanced mixture of graphic combat footage and almost saccharine domestic interludes that are pure Hollywood .
like as a low-budget series on a UHF channel
Here 's yet another studio horror franchise mucking up its storyline with glitches casual fans could correct in their sleep .
Her film is unrelentingly claustrophobic and unpleasant .
applies more detail to the film 's music than to the story line
Though everything might be literate and smart , it never took off and always seemed static .
unconvincing and criminally badly acted
crudely constructed
pseudo-sophisticated
to realize that as far as these shootings are concerned , something is rotten in the state of California
the filmed reading of a script in need of polishing
the film that shows a stationary camera on a subject that could be mistaken for giving a public oration , rather than contributing to a film 's narrative
cynicism and fear
the film suffers from a lack of humor ( something needed to balance out the violence ) ...
the film starts playing like General Hospital crossed with a Saturday Night Live spoof of Dog Day Afternoon .
the film ultimately fails
the film trails off into inconsequentiality .
dangers
's played in the most straight-faced fashion , with little humor to lighten things up .
I laughed out loud once .
I last walked out on a movie
I know how to suffer ' and if you see this film you 'll know too .
I kept wishing I was watching a documentary about the wartime Navajos and what they accomplished instead of all this specious Hollywood hoo-ha .
I kept thinking over and over again , ' I should be enjoying this . ' But I was n't .
I kept thinking over and over again , ' I should be enjoying this . ' But I was n't
I kept thinking over and over again , ' I should be enjoying this . ' But
I kept thinking over and over again , ' I should be enjoying this . '
I just did n't care as much for the story
the pungent bite
The action quickly sinks into by-the-numbers territory .
The action here is unusually tame , the characters are too simplistic to maintain interest , and the plot offers few surprises .
The action here is unusually tame , the characters are too simplistic to maintain interest , and the plot offers few surprises
The action here is unusually tame , the characters are too simplistic to maintain interest ,
The action here is unusually tame
The acting is just fine , but there 's not enough substance here to sustain interest for the full 90 minutes , especially with the weak payoff .
back and forth ca n't help but become a bit tedious --
audience hostage
painfully unfunny farce
painfully slow cliche-ridden film
painfully slow
painfully unfunny
paint-by-numbers picture
since it is exactly what it wants to be : an atrociously , mind-numbingly , indescribably bad movie
, it is a failure
While not all that bad of a movie , it 's nowhere near as good as the original .
, it feels painfully redundant and inauthentic .
for its posse of trailer park denizens
, it is more likely to induce sleep than fright .
, it is n't a comparison to reality so much as it is a commentary about our knowledge of films .
so crass
audience-abuse
so badly made on every level that I 'm actually having a hard time believing people were paid to make it
so badly made on every level
so boring
so cliched and contrived that it makes your least favorite James Bond movie seem as cleverly plotted as The Usual Suspects
so charmless and vacant
so consistently unimaginative
so completely inane
just the inherent immorality
just lost his wife
outwardly sexist
A difficult , absorbing film
outshined
Clooney might have better luck next time
Clueless
gets the once-over once again in Gangster No. 1 , but falls apart long before the end .
getting butchered in A.I.
he comes across as shallow and glib though not mean-spirited , and there 's no indication that he 's been responsible for putting together any movies of particular value or merit
getting harder and harder to ignore the fact that Hollywood is n't laughing with us , folks
behind the camera for a yarn that 's ultimately rather inconsequential
behind the crap ( literally )
, ` Naqoyqatsi ' is banal in its message and the choice of material to convey it .
much like a fragment of an underdone potato
, a lot of people wasted a lot of their time ( including mine ) on something very inconsequential .
, a question comes to mind : So why is this so boring ?
, a routine crime thriller remarkable only for its lack of logic and misuse of two fine actors , Morgan Freeman and Ashley Judd .
to be disappointed
strip-mined the Monty formula mercilessly since 1997
to be a parody of gross-out flicks , college flicks , or even flicks in general
stripped of most of his budget and all of his sense of humor
striking out
with the inherent absurdity of Ganesh 's rise
with the incessant lounge music playing in the film 's background
with the lazy material and the finished product 's unshapely look
plotless ,
plotless , shapeless
reworking to aim the film at young males in the throes of their first full flush of testosterone
that has calcified into chronic cynicism and fear
that it 's hard to get back into the boys ' story
the hapless victims of the arrogant '' if we put together a wry white man and a chatty black man and give them guns , the movie will be funny ''
punk kids '
the exception of McCoist , the players do n't have a clue on the park .
the hell
the execution
the horrors
this surfer-girl melodrama starts gasping like a beached grouper .
is so insanely stupid , so awful in so many ways that watching it leaves you giddy . Half Past Dead is just such an achievement
is so insanely stupid , so awful in so many ways
is so insanely dysfunctional that the rampantly designed Equilibrium becomes a concept doofus .
is so insanely dysfunctional that the rampantly designed Equilibrium becomes a concept doofus
is so insanely dysfunctional
is so grainy and rough , so dependent on being ` naturalistic ' rather than carefully lit and set up , that it 's exhausting to watch .
is so grainy and rough , so dependent on being ` naturalistic ' rather than carefully lit and set up , that it 's exhausting to watch
the grandeur of the best Next Generation episodes is lacking
old jokes
if circularity itself indicated profundity
if a movie is truly going to inspire me , I want a little more than this
if I 've come to expect more from this studio than some 79-minute after-school '' cartoon ''
really bad
really bad movies
really bad so much as distasteful
really blow the big one
if ever a movie needed one of the actor 's whiny jags to pump it up
that 's neither completely enlightening , nor
is workmanlike in the extreme .
grows thin
is wildly uneven
is worse :
is worse
visual gags
action sequences and some of the worst dialogue
the quality of the manipulative engineering . Average , at best
the punchline does n't live up to Barry 's dead-eyed , perfectly chilled delivery
the quality of a lesser Harrison Ford movie - Six Days , Seven Nights , maybe , or that dreadful Sabrina remake
the quality of the manipulative engineering .
the inherent absurdity
been conjured up only 10 minutes prior to filming
been cobbled together onscreen
been fleshed out a little more instead of going for easy smiles
been explored previously with better aplomb and sardonic wit
its huckster lapel
its hilarity is completely unintentional
its incessant coarseness and banality
to do a little fleeing of its own
, the basic plot of '' Lilo '' could have been pulled from a tear-stained vintage Shirley Temple script .
outside the context of the current political climate ( see : terrorists are more evil than ever ! )
of toasts at a testimonial dinner than a documentary
was just a matter of ` eh . '
was made by and for those folks who collect the serial killer cards and are fascinated by the mere suggestion of serial killers . For the rest of us , sitting through Dahmer 's two hours amounts to little more than punishment
was made by and for those folks who collect the serial killer cards and are fascinated by the mere suggestion of serial killers .
slight but
slight and introspective to appeal to anything wider than a niche audience
many inconsistencies
too many scenarios in which the hero might have an opportunity to triumphantly sermonize , and too few that allow us to wonder for ourselves if things will turn out okay .
too many spots where it 's on slippery footing
too many wrong turns
too mediocre
to the doldrums of the not-quite-urban
in part because the consciously dumbed-down approach wears thin
to the fact Amber is such a joke
as a satisfying kids flck becomes increasingly implausible as it races through contrived plot points
its rough edges and a tendency to sag in certain places
sir anthony hopkins saying ` get in the car , bitch , ' this jerry bruckheimer production has little else to offer
the saccharine sentimentality
its rote plot points
The angst-ridden , affluent slacker characters are more grating than engaging .
swoony lyricism and violent catastrophe
Roman Coppola may never become the filmmaker his Dad was , but heck -- few filmmakers will . But
an insult to the intelligence of the true genre enthusiast
an insurance commercial
an insider clique , which tends to breed formulaic films rather than fresh ones
an insult
Southern bore-athon .
about as overbearing and over-the-top as the family
Spectators will indeed sit open-mouthed before the screen , not screaming but yawning .
taboo
taboo subject matter
in the way it exploits the hot-button issue of domestic abuse for cheap
sci-fi drama that takes itself all too seriously
sci-fi drama that takes itself all too seriously .
sci-fi film which suffers from a lackluster screenplay
sci-fi film which suffers from a lackluster screenplay .
sci-fi generic
sitcom-worthy solutions
sits in a patch somewhere between mirthless Todd Solondzian satire and callow student film
sits in a patch somewhere between mirthless Todd Solondzian satire and callow student film .
sitcomishly
sitcomishly predictable and cloying
violence
stop me
, the picture refuses to offer much accompanying sustenance in the way of characterization , humor or plain old popcorn fun .
, the public is , regrettably , going to have tepid films like Dragonfly tossed at them .
, the question remains whether this should , indeed , have been presented as a theatrical release .
, the result does n't fully satisfy either the die-hard Jason fans or those who can take a good joke .
, the screenplay is stiff as a board ,
, the script carries Arnold ( and the viewers ) into the forbidden zone of sympathizing with terrorist motivations by presenting the '' other side of the story . ''
, the star chemistry begs the question of whether random gags add up to a movie
, the stories never add up to as much as they promise .
, the story gets more tiresome , especially as it continues to mount a conspicuous effort to be profound .
Ice Age does n't have some fairly pretty pictures
Ice Age wo n't drop your jaw
Ice Age wo n't drop your jaw ,
Disreputable doings and exquisite trappings are dampened by a lackluster script and substandard performances .
celebratory to soppy
celluloid garbage
cerebral , too dull and pretentious to be engaging
Disreputable
that it 's so not-at-all-good
does n't do much to weigh any arguments one way or the other . He simply presents his point of view that Ayurveda works . No question .
does n't give you time
does n't hold them in contempt
does n't quite fit
that it can not even be dubbed hedonistic .
looks an awful lot like life -- gritty , awkward and ironic
few characters and ideas
murder-suicide
those willing to endure its extremely languorous rhythms , Waiting for Happiness
mucking up its storyline with glitches casual fans could correct in their sleep
mundane
a chase flick that detracts from its ending
a cheap slasher flick
a cheap knockoff
a character in the movie with a shred of plausibility , not an event that is believable , not a confrontation that is not staged , not a moment that is not false
a child suffer
Wait for pay per view or rental but
of the ` laughing at ' variety than the ` laughing with
. . little action , almost no suspense or believable tension , one-dimensional characters up the wazoo and sets that can only be described as sci-fi generic .
. All three descriptions suit Evelyn , a besotted and obvious drama that tells us nothing new .
research library dust
rescue Adrian Lyne 's Unfaithful from its sleazy moralizing
rescue me from a summer of teen-driven , toilet-humor codswallop
could have guessed at the beginning
could have turned this into an Argentine retread of '' Iris '' or '' American Beauty ,
If Deuces Wild had been tweaked up a notch it would have become a camp adventure , one of those movies that 's so bad it starts to become good . But it was n't .
If Damon and Affleck attempt another Project Greenlight , next time out they might try paying less attention to the miniseries and more attention to the film it is about .
If Deuces Wild had been tweaked up a notch it would have become a camp adventure , one of those movies that 's so bad it starts to become good . But it was n't
If Deuces Wild had been tweaked up a notch it would have become a camp adventure , one of those movies that 's so bad it starts to become good . But
who speak in glib sentences that could have only come from the pen of a screenwriter
wrapping the theater in a cold blanket of urban desperation
perversity
pesky mother
pesky
phony
should stay in the past : a lesson this film teaches all too well .
Ritchie may not have a novel thought in his head
Ritchie 's film is easier to swallow than Wertmuller 's polemical allegory , but it 's self-defeatingly decorous .
Ritchie 's film is easier to swallow than Wertmuller 's polemical allegory , but it 's self-defeatingly decorous
any less psycho
pathetic as Dahmer
pathetically
pathetic acting , poorly dubbed dialogue and murky cinematography
Trite ,
obvious or self-indulgent
Hollywood remake
the film 's comic characters come perilously close to being Amoses and Andys for a new generation .
the field no favors
the fictional footage is unconvincing and criminally badly acted
unlucky
unmentioned victims
the images often look smeary and blurry , to the point of distraction
something must have been lost in the translation .
A morose little soap opera about three
a cruel story
There are slow and repetitive parts ,
There are slow and repetitive parts , but
There are now two signs that M. Night Shyamalan 's debut feature sucked up all he has to give to the mystic genres of cinema : Unbreakable and Signs .
whose pieces do not fit
who wrote it but this Cliff Notes edition is a cheat
deeply out of place
decomposition
deep to sink this low
be made on the cheap
be much funnier than anything in the film
be numbing
... its three-hour running time plays closer to two .
a shifting tone that falls far short of the peculiarly moral amorality of ( Woo 's ) best work
a side dish of asparagus
a simple `` Goddammit
may be a mess in a lot of ways
he took three minutes of dialogue , 30 seconds of plot and turned them into a 90-minute movie that feels five hours long .
this film , like the similarly ill-timed Antitrust , is easily as bad at a fraction the budget
it does n't have to be as a collection of keening and self-mutilating sideshow geeks
with such a rah-rah , patriotic tone
n't been dulled by slasher films and gorefests
in increasingly incoherent fashion
the film sometimes flags
to endure three terminally depressed , mostly inarticulate , hyper dysfunctional families for the price of one
to endure instead of enjoy
to crawl up your own \*\*\* in embarrassment
work with , sort of like Michael Jackson 's nose
women like idiots
wonder , ` what 's the point ? '
almost forget the sheer
almost funny
almost comic embarrassment
The problem with this film is that it lacks focus . I sympathize with the plight of these families
The problem with this film is that it lacks focus . I sympathize with the plight of these families ,
The problem with this film is that it lacks focus . I sympathize with the plight of these families , but
The problem with this film is that it lacks focus . I sympathize with the plight of these families , but the movie does n't do a very good job conveying the issue at hand
The problem with this film
The problem with this film is that it 's forced to make its characters idiots in order to advance the plot .
The problem with this film is that it 's forced to make its characters idiots in order to advance the plot . Had anyone here done anything remotely intelligent
The problem with this film is that it 's forced to make its characters idiots in order to advance the plot . Had anyone here done anything remotely intelligent , we all could have stopped watching long ago .
K-19 will not go down in the annals of cinema as one of the great submarine stories
it 's another regurgitated action movie you 're after
it 's asking too much
it 's almost worth seeing because it 's so bad
it 's also cold , grey , antiseptic and emotionally desiccated .
it 's also simple-minded and contrived
it 's also uninspired , lacking the real talent and wit to elevate it beyond its formula to the level of classic romantic comedy to which it aspires .
it 's also generic , untidy , condescending and mild of impact rather than stunning
it 's also rarely coherent .
this lifeless boxing film
this leaky script barely stays afloat
this leaky script
this latest and laziest imaginable of all vintage-TV spinoffs
this latest and laziest imaginable of all vintage-TV spinoffs were capable of engendering an emotional response of any kind
camouflage how bad his movie is
camouflage the dopey plot
the screenwriter and director Michel Gondry restate it to the point of ridiculousness
cold , grey
acidic all-male
achieves ultimate insignificance
cold ,
cold , bliss-less work
to loss
to appearing in this junk that 's TV sitcom material at best
to an inconsistent and ultimately unsatisfying drizzle
to ask people to sit still for two hours and change watching such a character , especially when rendered in as flat and impassive a manner as Phoenix 's
You can see the would-be surprises coming a mile away
You can practically smell the patchouli oil .
You Thought Was Going To Be Really Awful
You 've seen them a million times
You 've already seen Heartbreak if you 've watched the far superior Nurse Betty or Sunset Boulevard . Even the unwatchable Soapdish is more original .
Another useless recycling of a brutal mid - '70s American sports movie .
Another useless recycling of a brutal mid - '70s American sports movie
Another useless recycling of a brutal mid -
Another useless recycling of a brutal mid
Another useless recycling
are once again made all too clear in this schlocky horror\/action hybrid .
are padding unashamedly appropriated from the teen-exploitation playbook
are presented in such a lousy way , complete with some of the year 's ( unintentionally ) funniest moments , that it 's impossible to care
, Frank Novak 's irritating slice of lumpen life is as reliably soul-killing as its title is nearly meaningless .
, Formula 51 sank from quirky to jerky to utter turkey .
sentiment and unfunny madcap comedy
, Dogtown and Z-Boys lapses into an insider 's lingo and mindset that the uninitiated may find hard to follow , or care about .
, Dogma films can produce the same sleep-inducing effects as watching your neighbor 's home videos .
, Dridi tells us nothing about El Gallo other than what emerges through his music .
, Crystal and De Niro share little screen time and even less chemistry .
, Crush goes to absurd lengths to duck the very issues it raises .
, Die Another Day suggests that the Bond franchise has run into a creative wall that 007 can not fly over , tunnel under or barrel through .
however well intentioned
how well flatulence gags fit into your holiday concept
common sense flies out the window , along with the hail of bullets , none of which ever seem to hit Sascha .
, Jacquot seems unsure of how to evoke any sort of naturalism on the set .
, K-19 sinks to a Harrison Ford low .
, I would imagine , as searching for a quarter in a giant pile of elephant feces ... positively dreadful .
, Knockaround Guys rarely seems interested in kicking around a raison d'etre that 's as fresh-faced as its young-guns cast .
better to wait for the video . And a very rainy day
better to wait for the video . And
better to wait for the video .
Spy has all the same problems the majority of action comedies have .
Spreads itself too thin , leaving these actors , as well as the members of the commune
Spreads itself too thin , leaving these actors , as well as the members of the commune ,
Spreads itself too thin
Spreads itself too thin ,
Spreads itself too thin , leaving these actors , as well as the members of the commune , short of profound characterizations
salvage this filmmaker 's flailing reputation
`` Goddammit
of its spry 2001 predecessor -- but it 's a rushed , slapdash , sequel-for-the-sake - of-a-sequel with less than half the plot and ingenuity
discerned here that producers would be well to heed
of insulting , both to men and women
disappointments I
The misery of these people becomes just another voyeuristic spectacle , to be consumed and forgotten .
The messy emotions raging throughout this three-hour effort
The misery
The misery of these people
to see when you do n't want to use your brain . At all
Do n't hate El Crimen del Padre Amaro because it 's anti-Catholic . Hate it because it 's lousy .
Stinks from start
pale successor
The script , the gags , the characters are all direct-to-video stuff , and that 's where this film should have remained
The script , the gags , the characters are all direct-to-video stuff , and that 's where this film should have remained .
's tortured soul .
The script 's judgment and sense of weight is way , way off .
The script , the gags , the characters are all direct-to-video stuff ,
The script , the gags , the characters are all direct-to-video stuff
do n't see
offer a free ticket ( second prize , of course , two free tickets ) to anyone who can locate a genuinely honest moment in their movie
do n't stand a chance alone
While the Resident Evil games may have set new standards for thrills , suspense , and gore for video games , the movie really only succeeds in the third of these .
tired old setting
tired old vision
steals wholesale from that 1982 's Tootsie , forgetting only to retain a single laugh
steals wholesale from that 1982 's Tootsie , forgetting only to retain a single laugh .
stereotypical characters
step wrong
stereotypes are sprinkled everywhere
long gone
long gone bottom-of-the-bill fare
long . Nevertheless , it still seems endless
long and tedious
long soliloquies
long way to go before it reaches the level of crudity in the latest Austin Powers extravaganza
tired jokes
refracting
refracting all of World War II through the specific conditions of one man
tired , unnecessary
somebody was bored and ... decided to make a dull , pretentious version of jesus ' son
I could n't help but feel the wasted potential of this slapstick comedy .
I could not stand them
I could just feel the screenwriter at every moment ` Tap , tap , tap , tap , tapping away ' on this screenplay .
I could keep a family of five blind , crippled , Amish people alive in this situation better than these British soldiers do at keeping themselves kicking
I could have looked into my future and saw how bad this movie was , I would go back and choose to skip it . Fortunately
I could have used my two hours better watching Being John Malkovich again .
the movie tries to make sense of its title character
the movie sputters
the movie version of an adolescent dirty-joke book done up in post-Tarantino pop-culture riffs
disturbing story
keeps adding flourishes -- artsy fantasy sequences -- that simply feel wrong
keeps being cast in action films when none of them are ever any good
keeps adding flourishes -- artsy fantasy sequences -- that simply feel wrong .
Yet it 's not quite the genre-busting film it 's been hyped to be because it plays everything too safe .
Yet another genre exercise , Gangster No. 1 is as generic as its title .
myopic
Yet why it fails is a riddle wrapped in a mystery inside an enigma .
Kaufman and Gondry rarely seem sure of where it should go
Kaufman 's script is never especially clever and often is rather pretentious .
The central story lacks punch .
The character is too forced and overwritten to be funny or believable much of the time , and Clayburgh does n't always improve the over-the-top mix
The character is too forced and overwritten to be funny or believable much of the time ,
The character is too forced and overwritten to be funny or believable much of the time , and
veers into overkill
If you want a movie time trip , the 1960 version is a far smoother ride .
If you pitch your expectations at an all time low , you could do worse than this oddly cheerful -- but not particularly funny -- body-switching farce .
If you think that Jennifer Lopez has shown poor judgment in planning to marry Ben Affleck , wait till you see Maid in Manhattan .
crush it
the mediocrity that is Kung Pow : Enter the Fist
was reportedly rewritten a dozen times
hapless
hang his persistently useless movies
hang a soap opera on
of required poignancy , a salute that I 'd hoped the movie would avoid
sinks into a mire of sentiment .
sinks into a mire of sentiment
sink this low . Fortunately for all involved
sinuously plotted
The film did n't convince me that Calvin Jr. 's Barbershop represents some sort of beacon of hope in the middle of Chicago 's South Side .
of rehashed sight gags
yet another studio horror franchise mucking up its storyline with glitches casual fans could correct in their sleep
why is this so boring ?
why bother with a contemptible imitator starring a '' SNL '' has-been acting like an 8-year-old channeling Roberto Benigni ?
why bother if you 're going to subjugate truth to the tear-jerking demands of soap opera
why anyone in his right mind would even think to make the attraction a movie .
why a guy with his talent ended up in a movie this bad
why Steven Seagal is considered a star , nor why he keeps being cast in action films when none of them are ever any good
why Lee 's character did n't just go to a bank manager and save everyone the misery
why I have given it a one-star rating
of unbridled greed and materalism
rotten pulp and living worms
rough-trade homo-eroticism
of ripping people off without ever letting them consciously know you have done so
showdown
Uncertain in tone ... a garbled exercise in sexual politics , a junior varsity Short Cuts by way of Very Bad Things .
Uncertain in tone ...
Uncertain in tone ... a garbled exercise in sexual politics , a junior varsity Short Cuts by way of Very Bad Things
Uncommonly stylish but equally silly ... the picture fails to generate much suspense , nor does it ask searching enough questions to justify its pretensions .
a contemptible imitator starring a `` SNL '' has-been acting like an 8-year-old channeling Roberto Benigni
Call me a cold-hearted curmudgeon for not being able to enjoy a mindless action movie
's Axis of Evil .
other two recent Dumas botch-jobs
features terrible , banal dialogue ; convenient , hole-ridden plotting ; superficial characters and a rather dull , unimaginative car chase .
features terrible , banal dialogue ; convenient , hole-ridden plotting ; superficial characters and a rather dull , unimaginative car chase
feature-length stretch
the Sally Jesse Raphael atmosphere
of overwhelming waste
of overwrought existentialism and stomach-churning gore
halfhearted twist
the imaginative ( and sometimes illegal ) ways kids can make a playground out of the refuse of adults
do n't settle for this Imposter
do n't settle for this Imposter .
do n't see the point
do n't see the point .
do n't think so
do n't think I laughed out loud once . And when you 're talking about a slapstick comedy , that 's a pretty big problem
do n't think I laughed out loud once . And when you 're talking about a slapstick comedy , that 's a pretty big problem .
do n't want to be worrying about whether the ineffectual Broomfield is going to have the courage to knock on that door
back to sleep
babies are the kiss of death in this bitter Italian comedy
the hypocrisy
and death
and deceitful
has a tough time emerging from between the badly dated cutesy-pie mystery scenario and the newfangled Hollywood post-production effects .
disrespected
disposable story
dissing the film that they did n't mind the ticket cost . In this case zero
dissing the film that they did n't mind the ticket cost .
dissing the film
It 's not nearly as fresh or enjoyable as its predecessor
It 's not nearly as fresh or enjoyable as its predecessor ,
It 's not hateful . It 's simply stupid , irrelevant and deeply , truly , bottomlessly cynical .
Yes , Ballistic is silly . Unfortunately
Yes , Ballistic is silly . Unfortunately , it 's not silly fun unless you enjoy really bad movies .
The metaphors are provocative , but too often , the viewer is left puzzled by the mechanics of the delivery .
to remind the First World that HIV\/AIDS is far from being yesterday 's news
when it has the temerity to run over two hours
copout
copycat interpretations
copyof
corny examination
, he 's unlikely to become a household name on the basis of his first starring vehicle .
paranoid
paranoia , and
An unremarkable ,
as '' Pootie Tang with a budget
perilously
a cliché left unsaid
a clunker nonetheless
a cloak of unsentimental , straightforward text
somewhat less than it might have been
somewhat less
the layers of soap-opera emotion
steals so freely from other movies and combines enough disparate types of films
Christian Right propaganda machine
unoriginality and predictability
it would be better to wait for the video . And a very rainy day
it would still be beyond comprehension
it would have worked so much better dealing in only one reality
it would have just gone more over-the-top instead of trying to have it both ways
Absurdities and clichés
Absurdities and clichés accumulate like lint in a fat man 's navel .
Abysmally
Absolutely not .
Absurdities
Abysmally pathetic
Loud , silly , stupid and pointless
Loud , chaotic and largely unfunny .
Loud , chaotic and largely unfunny
Loud , chaotic and
Loosely speaking , we 're in All of Me territory again , and , strictly speaking , Schneider is no Steve Martin .
Loud , silly , stupid and pointless .
nor as thrilling as it should be .
because it echoes the by now intolerable morbidity of so many recent movies
because of its music or comic antics , but through the perverse pleasure of watching Disney scrape the bottom of its own cracker barrel
petty theft of your time
Should have gone straight to video . It looks like an action movie , but it 's so poorly made , on all levels , that it does n't even qualify as a spoof of such .
Showtime 's uninspired send-up of TV cop show cliches mostly leaves him shooting blanks
Showtime 's uninspired send-up
phrase ` comedy gag
Showtime eventually folds under its own thinness .
, particularly that unexpected downer of an ending
uses very little dialogue
machismo and over-the-top
that the movie has no idea of it is serious or
that the movie has no idea of it is serious
lying , cheating ,
lying , cheating , but
share little screen time and even less chemistry .
Woody , what happened ?
sick
share little screen time and even less chemistry
Clare Peploe 's airless movie adaptation could use a little American Pie-like irreverence .
Clare Peploe 's airless movie adaptation
to describe how bad it is
for cable
for bungling the big stuff
an infomercial for Ram Dass 's latest book
an impossible spot because his character 's deceptions ultimately undo him and
significantly less charming than listening to a four-year-old
significantly less charming than listening to a four-year-old with a taste for exaggeration recount
repellent to fully endear itself to American art house audiences ,
seemingly uncertain what 's going to make people laugh
seems a dead weight
seems a dead weight .
seems a disappointingly thin slice of lower-class London life ; despite the title ... amounts to surprisingly little
be more genial than ingenious
ultimately pulls up lame
ultimately pulled under by the pacing and lack of creativity within .
ultimately tedious sex farce .
ultra-cheesy
ultimately weak
ultra-cheesy dialogue
be missing a great deal of the acerbic repartee of the play
's barely shocking , barely interesting and most of all , barely anything
unforgettably stupid
stale candy , something from a Halloween that died
stale candy ,
stale material
stale gags
staleness
stale parody
stalk 'n'
stalk
playing more than one role just to add to the confusion
playing out like a feature-length sitcom replete with stereotypical familial quandaries
in showing us well-thought stunts or a car chase that we have n't seen 10
in search of purpose or even a plot
in self-consciously flashy camera effects , droning house music and flat , flat dialogue
playing characters who sometimes feel more like literary conceits than flesh-and-blood humans
sick and twisted
to push the envelope of bad taste for laughs
's Firestorm that my fingernails instinctively crawled towards my long-suffering eyeballs .
's Firestorm that my fingernails instinctively crawled towards my long-suffering eyeballs
's ... like a series of pretentiously awful student films strung together into one feature-length horror .
get our moral hackles up
get our moral hackles
get on a board and , uh , shred ,
could have given audiences the time of day by concentrating on the elements of a revealing alienation among a culture of people who sadly are at hostile odds with one another through recklessness and retaliation .
has no point and
has no point
has neither the charisma nor the natural affability that has made Tucker a star .
has no clue about making a movie
could have looked into my future and saw how bad this movie was , I would go back and choose to skip it .
has none of the charm and little of the intrigue from the TV series
has no point and goes nowhere
stillborn
triteness
triteness and
unrecoverable life
Jeffrey Dahmer ,
should have been a cutting Hollywood satire
walk away without anyone truly knowing your identity
walk away
this is downright movie penance
cop-out
cop-out . What happens to John Q ?
cop-out .
stilted
unwillingness to define his hero 's background or motivations
clumsily mugging their way through Snow Dogs
cloying messages and irksome characters
clue you in that something 's horribly wrong , nothing will
clothed in excess layers of hipness
cloying messages
side snap kicks that it ends up being surprisingly dull
sickly entertainment at best and mind-destroying cinematic pollution at worst
sickly sweet coating to disguise its excrescence until just after ( or during ) consumption of its second half
sickly entertainment at best and mind-destroying cinematic pollution
milking a played-out idea -- a straight guy has to dress up in drag -- that shockingly manages to be even worse than its title
he obviously does n't have his heart in it
of psychopathic pulp
of pre-9 \ \/ 11 New York and
he makes the audience hostage to his swaggering affectation of seriousness
he makes Arnold Schwarzenegger look like Spencer Tracy
of purpose or even a plot
he never really embraces the joy of Fuhrman 's destructive escapism or the grace-in-rebellion found by his characters
thus , we 're subjected to one mind-numbingly lengthy riff on poo and pee jokes after another
this is a story without surprises
This pep-talk for faith , hope and charity does little to offend , but if saccharine earnestness were a crime , the film 's producers would be in the clink for life .
This overproduced and generally disappointing effort is n't likely to rouse the Rush Hour crowd .
This overproduced and generally disappointing effort
This pep-talk for faith , hope and charity does little to offend , but if saccharine earnestness were a crime , the film 's producers would be in the clink for life
the worst dialogue
the worst elements
the working out of the plot almost arbitrary
the world 's most generic rock star
the worst comedy
the worst comedy of the year
brisk is Wang 's pacing that none of the excellent cast are given air to breathe .
broad , melodramatic estrogen opera
brings military courtroom dramas down very
broad and farcical
broad , mildly fleshed-out characters that seem to have been conjured up only 10 minutes prior to filming
exploitative for the art houses and
exploitative for the art houses and too cynical
exploitative for the art houses and too cynical ,
flashy , overlong soap
flashy , empty sub-music video style
flashy , overlong soap opera .
flat acting
flat , flat dialogue
flat as a spoof
flat and uncreative
flat as thinking man CIA agent Jack Ryan in this summer 's new action film , '' The Sum of All Fears
flat as the scruffy sands of its titular community
a romantic comedy that 's not the least bit romantic and only mildly funny
a road-trip drama
a road-trip drama with too many wrong turns
a road-trip movie that 's surprisingly short of both adventure and song
sex gags and prom dates
several plodding action sequences
several old themes
several attempts at lengthy dialogue scenes
sewage
severe body odor
several scenes of this tacky nonsense
nutty cliches and far too much dialogue
nutty cliches and far too much
oafish idiot
oafish
writing , skewed characters , and the title performance by Kieran Culkin
writing , skewed characters ,
fest of self-congratulation between actor and director that leaves scant place for the viewer
feminist empowerment tale thinly
a hot sake half-sleep
a historic scandal
awful movie
awful sour taste
awash in self-consciously flashy camera effects , droning house music and flat , flat dialogue
avoids all the comic possibilities of its situation , and becomes one more dumb high school comedy about sex gags and prom dates .
awful .
awful . It 's Pauly Shore awful . Do n't say you were n't warned
awe . What a vast enterprise has been marshaled in the service of such a minute idea
throw each other out windows
of institutionalized slavery that ties a black-owned record label with a white-empowered police force
The Tuxedo was n't just bad ;
The Tuxedo was n't just bad
The Tuxedo 's 90 minutes of screen time
The Tuxedo was n't just bad ; it was , as my friend David Cross would call it , ` Hungry-Man portions of bad ' .
The Tuxedo was n't just bad ; it was , as my friend David Cross would call it , ` Hungry-Man portions of bad '
is at times too restrained
Full Frontal lacks in thematic coherence
as an actress in a role
as any Hollywood fluff
The movie 's downfall is to substitute plot for personality . It does n't really know or care about the characters , and uses them as markers for a series of preordained events .
Offers big , fat , dumb
muddled and derivative
sits uneasily
undone by his pretensions
It 's hard to imagine any recent film , independent or otherwise , that makes as much of a mess as this one .
It 's hard to imagine acting that could be any flatter
It 's got the brawn , but not the brains .
It 's just too bad the screenwriters eventually shoot themselves in the feet with cop flick cliches like an oily arms dealer , squad car pile-ups and the requisite screaming captain .
It 's just not very smart .
It 's impossible to even categorize this as a smutty guilty pleasure .
around any scenes that might have required genuine acting from Ms. Spears
in hindsight , it is n't even all that dumb
in its child-centered , claustrophobic context , it can be just as frightening and disturbing -- even punishing .
like the recent I Spy , the star chemistry begs the question of whether random gags add up to a movie
like them , it eventually culminates in the not-exactly - stunning insight that crime does n't pay
Even die-hard fans of Japanese animation ... will find this one a challenge .
Even by dumb action-movie standards
Even by dumb action-movie standards , Ballistic : Ecks vs . Sever is a dumb action movie .
Even horror fans will most likely not find what they 're seeking with Trouble Every Day
Even horror fans will most likely not find what they 're seeking with Trouble Every Day ;
took three minutes of dialogue , 30 seconds of plot and turned them into a 90-minute movie that feels five hours long
well-acted but dangerously slow
gives new meaning to the phrase ` fatal script error . '
potboiler until its absurd , contrived , overblown , and entirely implausible finale
deep into the girls ' confusion and pain as they struggle tragically to comprehend the chasm of knowledge that 's opened between them
Shows that Jackie Chan is getting older , and that 's something I would rather live in denial about
make Trouble
It wo n't hold up over the long haul , but
It wo n't hold up over the long haul
this stuck pig of a movie flails limply between bizarre comedy and pallid horror
eminently forgettable
emerges in the movie , using a plot that could have come from an animated-movie screenwriting textbook
Written , flatly , by David Kendall and
Written , flatly ,
Written , flatly , by David Kendall
emerges as a surprisingly anemic disappointment .
resist his pleas
its apparent glee is derived from a lobotomy , having had all its vital essence scooped out and discarded .
its absurd , contrived , overblown , and entirely implausible finale
its abrupt drop in IQ
its abrupt drop in IQ points as it races to the finish line proves simply too discouraging to let slide
choking on its own conceit
this stuck pig of a movie
abysmal
every bit as awful
asks you to not only suspend your disbelief but your intelligence as well
to films which will cause loads of irreparable damage that years and years of costly analysis could never fix
to find a movie character more unattractive or odorous ( than Leon )
into an urban Hades
into an ocean of trouble
Let your silly childhood nostalgia slumber unmolested .
Let 's hope -- shall we ? -- that the ` true story ' by which All the Queen 's Men is allegedly '' inspired '' was a lot funnier and more deftly enacted than what 's been cobbled together onscreen .
Let 's see , a haunted house , a haunted ship , what 's next ... Ghost Blimp
Life is a crock -- or something like it .
sets a new benchmark for lameness .
assumes you are n't very bright
flawed
nearly as graphic but much
flat
their cheap , B movie way
seen just about everything in Blue Crush in one form or the other
a succession of cheesy coincidences and voluptuous cheap effects
flat in just
flat and boring
flat , unconvincing drama
flat and
flat , unconvincing
like chewing whale blubber
Anemic ,
the expectation of laughter has been quashed by whatever obscenity is at hand
Mr. Eyre 's uninspired dramatics
with the intellectual and emotional impact of an after-school special
leaves something to be desired
leaves him shooting blanks
leave you feeling a little sticky and unsatisfied
leaves any true emotional connection or identification frustratingly out of reach
leaves Blue Crush waterlogged
genre cliches
genial-rogue shtick
genial than ingenious
of low-budget filmmaking
a verbal duel
a typical Bible killer story
does n't leave you with much .
of a legal thriller
to break the audience 's awkward silence
the experience of staring at a blank screen
does n't do much to weigh any arguments one way or the other .
in a patch somewhere between mirthless Todd Solondzian satire and callow student film
creating an atmosphere of dust-caked stagnation
creating a meandering , inarticulate and ultimately disappointing film
creates an outline for a role he still needs to grow into , a role that Ford effortlessly filled with authority .
the painted backdrops in a movie are more alive than its characters
the narcotizing bland ( sinister , though not nearly so sinister as the biennial Disney girl movie ) machinations
powers that include extraordinary strength and laser-beam eyes , which unfortunately do n't enable them to discern flimsy screenplays
so bland
that grew hideously twisted
that for the most part , the film is deadly dull
Once the expectation of laughter has been quashed by whatever obscenity is at hand
would n't matter so much that this arrogant Richard Pryor wannabe 's routine is offensive , puerile and unimaginatively foul-mouthed if it was at least funny .
would n't matter so much that this arrogant Richard Pryor wannabe 's routine is offensive , puerile and unimaginatively foul-mouthed if it was at least funny
would not improve much after a therapeutic zap of shock treatment .
would not improve much after a therapeutic zap of shock treatment
the limited range of a comedian
the limitations of his skill and
the limitations of his skill
'll need a stronger stomach than us
means scary horror movie
meant to enhance the self-image of drooling idiots
meant to enhance the self-image of drooling idiots .
'll have to wrestle disbelief to the ground and then apply the chloroform-soaked handkerchief .
it turns into an elegiacally soggy Saving Private Ryanovich
it ultimately disappoints
'll have more fun setting fire to yourself in the parking lot .
it tough for them to really care
it tries to be thrilling , touching or , yikes , uproarious
it turned my ballpoint notes to invisible ink
thanks to an astonishingly witless script
your brain and your secret agent decoder ring at the door
the self-image of drooling idiots
more than a widget cranked out on an assembly line to see if stupid Americans will get a kick out of goofy Brits with cute accents performing ages-old slapstick and unfunny tricks
more than a widget cranked out on an assembly line to see if stupid Americans will get a kick out of goofy Brits with cute accents performing ages-old slapstick and unfunny tricks .
chooses to produce something that is ultimately suspiciously familiar .
`` Collateral Damage '' goes by the numbers and reps decent action entertainment -- until the silly showdown ending that forces the viewer to totally suspend disbelief
never clearly defines his characters or
, dishonorable history
, discontent , and yearning
that it is one that allows him to churn out one mediocre movie after another
not a good movie
not a good movie ,
not a good movie , but it
not to act like pinocchio
an overripe episode of TV 's Dawson 's Creek and a recycled and dumbed-down version of Love Story
an ultra-loud blast of pointless mayhem
an ultra-loud blast of pointless mayhem ,
an ultra-loud blast of pointless mayhem , going nowhere fast
occurs too infrequently to make the film even a guilty pleasure
occasionally two things it gets ever so wrong
an unbalanced mixture of graphic combat footage and almost saccharine domestic interludes that are pure Hollywood
occasionally simply unpleasant
that it is instead a cheap cliché
banal in its message and the choice of material
'm sure mainstream audiences will be baffled
that do n't really care for the candidate
to breed formulaic films rather than fresh ones
But the film itself is ultimately quite unengaging
It 's one pussy-ass world when even killer-thrillers revolve around group therapy sessions .
be the worst National Lampoon film
be the worst film a man has made about women since Valley of the Dolls
be too busy cursing the film 's strategically placed white sheets
Arguably the year 's silliest and most incoherent movie .
Apparently reassembled from the cutting-room floor of any given daytime soap .
to watch it unfold with an astonishing lack of passion or uniqueness
that you 've seen it all before , even if you 've never come within a mile of The Longest Yard
continues to baffle the faithful with his games of hide-and-seek .
continues to mount a conspicuous effort to be profound
None of his actors stand out
None of his actors stand out ,
Benigni 's Pinocchio becoming a Christmas perennial . Coal is n't as easy to come by as it used to be
None of his actors stand out , but that 's less of a problem here than it would be in another film :
unavailable
to wear over his head when he goes out into public , to avoid being recognized as the man who bilked unsuspecting moviegoers
Bella is the picture of health with boundless energy until a few days before she dies . This is absolutely and completely ridiculous and an insult to every family whose mother has suffered through the horrible pains of a death by cancer .
Belongs in the too-hot-for-TV direct-to-video\/DVD category , and this is why I have given it a one-star rating .
has about 3\/4th the fun of its spry 2001 predecessor -- but it 's a rushed , slapdash , sequel-for-the-sake - of-a-sequel with less than half the plot and ingenuity
has all the heart of a porno flick ( but none of the sheer lust ) .
a 2002 audience
a 100-year old mystery that is constantly being interrupted by Elizabeth Hurley in a bathing suit
a 12-Step Program
Yes , dull .
damaged
to wear a bit thin
episodic choppiness ,
Exploring value choices is a worthwhile topic for a film -- but here the choices are as contrived and artificial as Kerrigan 's platinum-blonde hair
All the movie 's narrative gymnastics ca n't disguise the fact that it 's inauthentic at its core and that its story just is n't worth telling .
, uneven action comedy
, uneventful
, uncertain film
, unconvincing dramatics
, unaware that it 's the butt of its own joke .
, ugly , irritating
, ugly exercise
, trivializes the movie with too many nervous gags and pratfalls .
noble failure .
no-frills docu-Dogma plainness
Andersson 's rigorous personal vision is not only distanced but distancing .
, but I believe a movie can be mindless without being the peak of all things insipid
craven
I also believe that Resident Evil is not it .
crippled
cult
on tediously about their lives , loves and the art
so stoked to make an important film about human infidelity and happenstance that he tosses a kitchen sink onto a story already overladen with plot conceits
so stilted and unconvincing
so stale
will probably feel emotionally cheated by the film 's tart , sugar-free wit .
were hoping `` Ecks vs. Sever '' or `` xXx '' was going to be
were that grand a failure
it was written for no one
what ?!?
the doofus-on - the-loose banter of welcome to collinwood has a cocky , after-hours loopiness to it . and as with most late-night bull sessions , eventually the content is n't nearly as captivating as the rowdy participants think it is .
wastes its time on mood rather than
wastes its time on mood
Caruso 's self-conscious debut is also eminently forgettable .
Carrying this wafer-thin movie on his nimble shoulders , Chan wades through putrid writing , direction and timing with a smile that says , ` If I stay positive , maybe I can channel one of my greatest pictures , Drunken Master . '
Carrying this wafer-thin movie on his nimble shoulders
Carrying this wafer-thin movie
appears to have had free rein to be as pretentious as he wanted
wasted potential
wastes its time
wastes an exceptionally good idea .
so short
have given it a one-star rating
have forgotten everything he ever knew about generating suspense
have expected a little more human being , and a little less product
your typical ` fish out of water ' story
zero .
have gone into recruiting the right bands for the playlist and the costuming of the stars than into the script , which has a handful of smart jokes and not much else
unease
undone by its overly complicated and derivative screenplay , the glacier-paced direction and the stereotypical characters .
the same way that Jim Brown treats his women -- as dumb , credulous , unassuming , subordinate subjects .
be on video by then
the same old thing
the same old silliness
the same old garbage
the same old crap
overpraised
overly talky
feels less like bad cinema than like being stuck in a dark pit having a nightmare about bad cinema
feels less the product of loving , well integrated homage and more like a mere excuse for the wan , thinly sketched story . Killing time , that 's all that 's going on here .
feels like a hazy high that takes too long to shake .
feels like a hazy high that takes too long to shake
feels like a spectator and not a participant
feels like a prison stretch
to wait for the video
somewhat tired
ambivalence
power to deform families , then tear them apart
poverty
grinding
grimly for the next shock
grinds itself out in increasingly incoherent fashion
grinds on
grinds itself
grinds itself out
grinds on with yawn-provoking dullness
grinds on with yawn-provoking dullness .
full of holes that will be obvious even to those who are n't looking for them
full of unhappy
yet humorless disquisition on the thin line between sucking face and literally sucking face .
so many flaws it would be easy for critics to shred it
so distant you might as well be watching it through a telescope
so distant
Bottom-rung New Jack City
unchecked
a future they wo n't much care about
one Hollywood cliche
one 's worse fears about civilization
one 's patience to get to the good stuff
one bad idea
one alcoholic beverage
is the paucity of laughter in what 's supposed to be a comedy .
is the paucity of laughter in what 's supposed to be a comedy
is the same as what Christmas-tree flocking in a spray can is to actual snow : a poor -- if durable -- imitation .
is the same as what Christmas-tree flocking in a spray can is to actual snow : a poor -- if durable -- imitation
is the same teenage American road-trip drek we 've seen before
will anyone really care
will appeal to No One
its pretensions
its questionable in-the-ring match-up
the performances are television - caliber and the message of providing solace through deception is a little creepy .
the performers are sunk by the film 's primitive approach to the mechanics of comedy .
Spousal abuse is a major problem in contemporary society , but the film reduces this domestic tragedy to florid melodrama
Spousal abuse is a major problem in contemporary society , but the film reduces this domestic tragedy to florid melodrama .
Springer crowd
the Man has taken away your car , your work-hours and denied you health insurance
of rotten pulp and living worms
is lame
is lame .
is largely unexplored
sounds whiny and defensive , as if his life-altering experiences made him bitter and less mature .
soupy end result
sour , bloody and mean
sour attempt
sour immortals
to make his mark by serving up the usual chaotic nonsense
their hearts in the right place . where their heads were is anyone 's guess
made with as little wit , interest , and professionalism as artistically possible for a slummy Hollywood caper flick .
made with as little wit , interest , and professionalism as artistically possible for a slummy Hollywood caper flick
made up of three episodes of a rejected TV show
made to get laughs from the slowest person in the audience -- just pure slapstick with lots of inane , inoffensive screaming and exaggerated facial expressions
made piece of unwatchable drivel .
made-for-TV
defecates
some quality naptime
so distant you might as well be watching it through a telescope .
to make a lifeless movie about the most heinous man who ever lived
Hip-hop prison thriller of stupefying absurdity
Hill looks to be going through the motions , beginning with the pale script .
, he took three minutes of dialogue , 30 seconds of plot and turned them into a 90-minute movie that feels five hours long .
as in aimless , arduous , and arbitrary
as imperious
as ill-fitting as Shadyac 's perfunctory directing chops
There 's not enough here to justify the almost two hours .
There 's not a spark of new inspiration in it , just more of the same , done with noticeably less energy and imagination .
more importantly , it 's just not scary
an undeveloped narrative and enough flashbacks and
an undeveloped narrative and enough flashbacks and heavy-handed metaphors to choke a horse -- or at least slow him down to a canter
an undeveloped script
an uneasy alliance
an unimaginative , nasty , glibly cynical piece
to make an important film about human infidelity and happenstance that he tosses a kitchen sink onto a story already overladen with plot conceits
to hope for any chance of enjoying this film
, his story flattens instead of sharpens .
( Davis ) wants to cause his audience an epiphany , yet he refuses to give us real situations and characters
( Davis ) wants to cause his audience an epiphany , yet he refuses to give us real situations and characters .
( Carvey 's ) characters are both overplayed and exaggerated , but then again , subtlety has never been his trademark
( Carvey 's ) characters are both overplayed and exaggerated , but then again , subtlety has never been his trademark .
never worry about anyone
new ways of describing badness need to be invented to describe exactly how bad it is
new ways of describing badness
new depths of unoriginality and predictability
-- or even keep your eyes open .
unfamiliar personas
unfamiliar
despite Moore 's attempts
despising
despite its alleged provocation post-9 \
while howard 's appreciation of brown and his writing is clearly well-meaning and sincere , the movie would be impossible to sit through
of John C. Walsh 's Pipe Dream
every low-budget movie must be quirky or bleak
of Holocaust movies
surviving invaders seeking an existent anti-virus . If only there were one for this kind of movie
Sandler running on empty , repeating what he 's already done way too often
It would n't matter so much that this arrogant Richard Pryor wannabe 's routine is offensive , puerile and unimaginatively foul-mouthed if it was at least funny .
It takes a really long , slow and dreary time to dope out what TUCK EVERLASTING is about . So here it is : It 's about a family of sour immortals .
It takes a really long , slow and dreary time to dope out what TUCK EVERLASTING is about . So here it is : It 's about a family of sour immortals
this anything more than another big-budget bust
Everything -- even life on an aircraft carrier -- is sentimentalized .
Every visual joke is milked , every set-up obvious and lengthy , every punchline predictable . There 's no energy .
Every visual joke is milked , every set-up obvious and lengthy , every punchline predictable . There 's no energy
Every visual joke is milked , every set-up obvious and lengthy ,
Every visual joke is milked , every set-up obvious and lengthy
The darker elements of misogyny and unprovoked violence suffocate the illumination created by the two daughters and the sparse instances of humor meant to shine through the gloomy film noir veil
The darker elements of misogyny and unprovoked violence suffocate the illumination created by the two daughters and
The darker elements of misogyny and unprovoked violence suffocate the illumination created by the two daughters
The darker elements of misogyny and unprovoked violence
The densest distillation of Roberts ' movies ever made .
The densest distillation of Roberts ' movies
The darker elements of misogyny and unprovoked violence suffocate the illumination created by the two daughters and the sparse instances of humor meant to shine through the gloomy film noir veil .
The dialogue is cumbersome ,
The dialogue is cumbersome
, Kathryn Bigelow offers no sugar-coating or interludes of lightness . Her film is unrelentingly claustrophobic and unpleasant .
is plainly dull and visually ugly when it is n't incomprehensible
the edge of sanity
is plenty of room for editing
is populated by whiny , pathetic , starving and untalented artistes
wears down the story 's more cerebral , and likable , plot elements
weathered
( and probably should have
( and probably should have )
( and unintentionally
narcotized
( and unintentionally ) terrifying .
, why bother with a contemptible imitator starring a '' SNL '' has-been acting like an 8-year-old channeling Roberto Benigni ?
, where exciting , inane images keep popping past your head and the same illogical things keep happening over and over again .
, with enough negatives
Unambitious
Unambitious writing
hamstrung by a badly handled screenplay of what is really an amusing concept -- a high-tech tux that transforms its wearer into a superman
hand you a cup of coffee
Uncertainty Principle
half-assed
half-assed film .
hamstrung
had so much fun dissing the film that they did n't mind the ticket cost
had to endure last summer
dark areas
while the humor aspects of ` Jason X ' were far more entertaining than I had expected , everything else about the film tanks .
while the highly predictable narrative falls short
while the extensive use of stock footage quickly becomes a tiresome cliché
while the story goes nowhere
while the plot holes are big enough for a train car to drive through -- if Kaos had n't blown them all up
unsure of how to evoke any sort of naturalism on the set
unsympathetic
to the cheap , graceless , hackneyed sci-fi serials of the '30s and '40s
unspeakably ,
unspeakably , unbearably dull
unspeakably , unbearably dull , featuring reams of flatly delivered dialogue and a heroine who comes across as both shallow and dim-witted .
unsuccessful
binds of a small family
bit too precious at the start and a little too familiar at the end
bizarre
the flimsy story
the first sci-fi comedy that could benefit from a Three 's Company-style laugh track
this boring
here ... Not that I mind ugly ; the problem is he has no character , loveable or otherwise .
of Critical Jim two-dimensional and pointless
of Cuban leader Fidel Castro
is fatal for a film that relies on personal relationships
is fascinating , though , even if the movie itself does n't stand a ghost of a chance .
is far less mature , interpreting the play as a call for pity and sympathy for anachronistic phantasms haunting the imagined glory of their own pasts .
is far less mature , interpreting the play as a call for pity and sympathy for anachronistic phantasms haunting the imagined glory of their own pasts
is far-flung , illogical , and plain stupid .
is far-flung , illogical , and plain stupid
When twentysomething hotsies make movies about their lives , hard-driving narcissism is a given
sure where self-promotion ends and the truth begins
to take a reality check before you pay the full ticket price to see `` Simone , '' and consider a DVD rental instead
more bizarre
more a cinematic collage
more abundant supply in this woefully hackneyed movie , directed by Scott Kalvert , about street gangs and turf wars in 1958 Brooklyn -- stale cliches , gratuitous violence , or empty machismo
the hapless victims of the arrogant '' if we put together a wry white man and a chatty black man and give them guns , the movie will be funny '' syndrome
the hapless facilitator
the hapless facilitator of an extended cheap
better off as a documentary , with less of Mr. Eyre 's uninspired dramatics and more
better off as a documentary , with less of Mr. Eyre 's uninspired dramatics and
better off as a documentary , with less of Mr. Eyre 's uninspired dramatics
better at fingering problems than finding solutions
shows may put you off the idea forever
wanted to lie on my own deathbed for a while
he just needs better material
wanted to define his career with but Pinocchio . It might as well have been Problem Child IV
wanted to make as anti-Kieslowski a pun as possible . Suffice to say its total promise is left slightly unfulfilled
thought it could have been more
thought it could have been more .
he just slopped 'em together here
sway , where all relationships are simultaneously broadly metaphorical , oddly abstract , and excruciatingly literal
for fashioning an engrossing entertainment out of an almost sure-fire prescription for a critical and commercial disaster
shrewd feminist fairy tale
sustained fest of self-congratulation between actor and director that leaves scant place for the viewer .
sustained fest of self-congratulation between actor and director that leaves scant place for the viewer
imagine another director ever making his wife look so bad in a major movie
some dramatic scenes that are jarring and deeply out of place in what could
ca n't see why any actor of talent would ever work in a McCulloch production again if they looked at how this movie turned out .
ca n't seem to get a coherent rhythm going
ca n't seem to get a coherent rhythm going .
ca n't shake the thought that Undercover Brother missed an opportunity to strongly present some profound social commentary
ca n't rescue Adrian Lyne 's Unfaithful from its sleazy moralizing .
ca n't see why any actor of talent would ever work in a McCulloch production again if they looked at how this movie turned out
did n't laugh at the ongoing efforts of cube
didactic and dull
die hideously
ominous mood and tension
omits
the finished film , that 's a bad sign
has squeezed the life out of whatever idealism American moviemaking ever had
heavy-handed , manipulative
themselves stifling a yawn or two during the first hour
heavy stench
an action movie that is not very thrilling ( and an uneasy alliance , at that )
Simplistic fluff-ball of whimsy
Simplistic fluff-ball
Simon Wells would have more reverence for the material . But this costly dud is a far cry from either the book or the beloved film
he has no clue about making a movie
feels as if everyone making it lost their movie mojo
feels as if everyone making it lost their movie mojo .
feels at odds with the rest of the film
is a script of even the most elemental literacy , an inkling of genuine wit , and anything resembling acting .
speak fluent flatula
sour little movie
is a rancorous curiosity : a movie without an apparent audience
is a primer on what happens when lack of know-how mixes with lack of give-a-damn .
is a rather dull person to be stuck with for two hours
is a rancorous curiosity : a movie without an apparent audience .
is a rather dull person to be stuck with for two hours .
morose and humorless
A devastating indictment of unbridled greed and materalism .
A different movie -- sometimes tedious --
the phony baloney movie biz
the perverse pleasure of watching Disney scrape the bottom of its own cracker barrel
a nice vomit bath at his wedding
a nice vomit bath
a new collectible . What parents will suspect is that they 're watching a 76-minute commercial
a new software program spit out the screenplay
got a headache
gory to be a comedy and too silly to be an effective horror film
got a headache watching this meaningless downer .
got a headache watching this meaningless downer
is too scattershot to take hold .
is too scattershot
is too scattershot to take hold
to raunchy sex gags to formula romantic comedy
too difficult
too discouraging to let slide
to Americans . That 's muy loco , but no more ridiculous than most of
farts , urine , feces ,
farts , urine , feces , semen
farts , urine , feces , semen , or
too clever for its own good
, I 'd rather listen to old Tori Amos records
the action sequences -- clearly the main event -- are surprisingly uninvolving
lame-old
lame horror flicks
lame aspiration
to Do in Case of Fire ? lazily and glumly
twitchy acting
though perhaps it 's an emotion closer to pity
complaining
complete mess
complete blank
would like to dismiss the film
Smith 's approach
is a negligible work of manipulation , an exploitation piece doing its usual worst to guilt-trip parents
he gives none to the audience
`` shock humor '' will wear thin on all
`` serious issues ''
`` shock humor ''
`` suck ''
is a pointless , meandering celebration of the goth-vampire , tortured woe-is-me lifestyle
`` soon-to-be-forgettable '' section
he fervently scorns , creating a meandering , inarticulate and ultimately disappointing film
... the efforts of its star , Kline , to lend some dignity to a dumb story are for naught .
sank from quirky
As saccharine movies go
As saccharine movies go , this is likely to cause massive cardiac arrest if taken in large doses .
As the Mediterranean sparkles , ` Swept Away ' sinks .
of routine stuff Yuen
( the characters ' ) misery
No big whoop , nothing new to see
No big whoop ,
No big whoop , nothing new to see , zero thrills , too many flashbacks and a choppy ending make for a bad film .
No big whoop , nothing new to see ,
No cliche escapes the perfervid treatment of gang warfare
No cliche escapes the perfervid treatment of gang warfare called ces Wild .
you wo n't get through this frankly fantastical by-the-numbers B-flick with just a suspension of disbelief . Rather
fans the embers of a dormant national grief and curiosity that has calcified into chronic cynicism and fear .
it certainly got lost in the `` soon-to-be-forgettable '' section of the quirky rip-off prison romp pile .
it chills the characters , reducing our emotional stake in the outcome of `` Intacto 's '' dangerous and seductively stylish game
it can not even be dubbed hedonistic
it classicism or be exasperated by a noticeable lack of pace
it collapses into exactly the kind of buddy cop comedy
's a slow slog to get there
The film makes strong arguments regarding the social status of America 's indigenous people , but really only exists to try to eke out an emotional tug of the heart , one which it fails to get
The film may not hit as hard as some of the better drug-related pictures
The film may not hit as hard as some of the better drug-related pictures ,
The film may not hit as hard as some of the better drug-related pictures , but
The film occasionally tries the viewer 's patience with slow pacing and a main character who sometimes defies sympathy
tragic loss
denied her own athleticism by lighting that emphasizes every line and sag .
densely packed
denied her own athleticism by lighting that emphasizes every line and sag
Though it 's not very well shot or composed or edited
Though a capable thriller , somewhere along the way K-19 jettisoned some crucial drama .
Diesel is n't the actor to save it
Direct-to-Video
own shortcomings
released then because it was so weak , and it has been unearthed
released now , when it has become even weaker
relatives swap one mundane story after another
relentlessly brutal
The trashy teen-sleaze equivalent
slow to those of us in middle age and deathly slow to any teen
slow to those of us in middle age and deathly
slow to those of us in middle age and
slow to those of us in middle age
a giant furry monster costume
an Argentine retread
's The Gift of the Magi relocated to the scuzzy underbelly of NYC 's drug scene .
's Quinn ( is ) a leather clad grunge-pirate with a hairdo like Gandalf in a wind-tunnel and a simply astounding cor-blimey-luv-a-duck cockney accent .
's The Gift of the Magi relocated to the scuzzy underbelly of NYC 's drug scene . Merry friggin ' Christmas
it lacks the utter authority of a genre gem
it lacks in substance
it lacks the detail of the book
it makes up for in effective if cheap moments of fright and dread .
gags and
garbage .
gags in search of a story .
gags in search of a story
whiny and defensive
who '' they '' were , what '' they '' looked like . Why '' they '' were here and what '' they '' wanted and quite honestly , I did n't care
it plays worse now
it plays like the standard made-for-TV movie
it plainly has no business going
it pretends to investigate
it pretends to expose the life of male hustlers
it portrays , tiresomely regimented
been patched in from an episode of miami vice
been lost in the translation
becomes monotonous
been as dull a person as this film makes him out to be
been as dull
becoming irritating
jumps around with little logic or continuity ,
jumps around with little logic or continuity
jumps around
juiceless
the scruffy sands of its titular community
the goo
the giant Achilles ' heel in `` Stuart Little 2 `` : There 's just no story , folks
the giant Achilles ' heel in `` Stuart Little 2 `` :
the giant Achilles ' heel in `` Stuart Little 2 ``
think I laughed out loud once . And when you 're talking about a slapstick comedy , that 's a pretty big problem
think , hmmmmm . You see the movie and you think , zzzzzzzzz
think of a recent movie that has worked this hard to achieve this little fun
be bored by as your ABC 's
is completely serviceable and quickly forgettable
is compelling enough , but it 's difficult to shrug off the annoyance of that chatty fish
do n't like
do n't know whether to admire the film 's stately nature and call it classicism or be exasperated by a noticeable lack of pace . Or both .
do n't get enough of that background for the characters to be involving as individuals rather than types
do n't get Williams ' usual tear and a smile , just sneers and bile
do n't gel
do n't even care that there 's no plot in this Antonio Banderas-Lucy Liu faceoff . It 's still terrible !
do n't have a clue on the park .
do n't have a clue on the park
be best appreciated by those willing to endure its extremely languorous rhythms , Waiting for Happiness
you wo n't know much more when you leave .
dreadfulness
chronically mixed signals
should be expected from any movie with a '' 2 '' at the end of its title
then -- strangely -- these wane to an inconsistent and ultimately unsatisfying drizzle
was put through torture for an hour and a half
direct-to-void release ,
because the cast is so engagingly messing around like Slob City reductions of Damon Runyon crooks
suffering Afghan refugees
the title , many can aspire but none can equal
the toilet and scores a direct hit
the too-hot-for-TV direct-to-video\/DVD category ,
deadly dull
davis has energy , but she does n't bother to make her heroine 's book sound convincing , the gender-war ideas original , or the comic scenes fly
davis has energy , but she does n't bother to make her heroine 's book sound convincing , the gender-war ideas original , or the comic scenes fly .
in extremely bad taste
in emptiness
in disgust
in deriding James Bond for being a clichéd , doddering , misogynistic boy 's club
though he only scratches the surface
all went wrong
all time low
all this visual trickery stops being clever and devolves into flashy , vaguely silly overkill .
Schaeffer has to find some hook on which to hang his persistently useless movies , and it might as well be the resuscitation of the middle-aged character
Schaeffer has to find some hook on which to hang his persistently useless movies , and it might as well be the resuscitation of the middle-aged character .
Schaeffer has to find some hook on which to hang his persistently useless movies ,
Schaeffer has to find some hook on which to hang his persistently useless movies , and
Schaeffer 's quiver of ineptitudes
Schaeffer has to find some hook on which to hang his persistently useless movies
Scene-by-scene , things happen , but you 'd be hard-pressed to say what or why .
Scene-by-scene , things happen , but you 'd be hard-pressed to say what or why
held back from being something greater
help that the director and cinematographer Stephen Kazmierski shoot on grungy video , giving the whole thing a dirty , tasteless feel
heinous crime
heinous
even those with an avid interest in the subject will grow impatient
mediocrity .
even uses a totally unnecessary prologue , just because it seems obligatory
all this contrived nonsense
all this contrived nonsense a bit
all these distortions
awkward
awkward emotions
bad journey
does n't feel like a film that strays past the two and a half mark
mediocre exercise
does n't give us anything we have n't seen before
mediocre end
The Adventures of Direct-to-Video Nash
That such a horrible movie could have sprung from such a great one is one of the year 's worst cinematic tragedies .
doddering
doddering , misogynistic boy
documentary which is emotionally diluted by focusing on the story 's least interesting subject
do you spell cliché
hard-driving narcissism is a given
anyone who has reached puberty actually finding the characters in Slackers or their antics amusing , let alone funny
the acting is robotically italicized ,
fat , dumb
the ` plain ' girl who becomes a ravishing waif after applying a smear of lip-gloss . Rather , pity anyone who sees this mishmash
do n't go out of your way to pay full price
do n't get paid enough to sit through crap like this
do n't feel much for Damon\/Bourne or his predicament
do n't even like their characters .
do n't even like their characters
do n't know why Steven Seagal is considered a star , nor why he keeps being cast in action films when none of them are ever any good or make any money .
do n't know why Steven Seagal is considered a star , nor why he keeps being cast in action films when none of them are ever any good or make any money
lost in the intricate connections and multiple timelines of its story
lost its edge
lost in the translation to the screen
lost its originality
threw medical equipment at a window ; not because it was particularly funny
As if Drop Dead Gorgeous was n't enough , this equally derisive clunker is fixated on the spectacle of small-town competition .
As gamely as the movie tries to make sense of its title character , there remains a huge gap between the film 's creepy , clean-cut Dahmer ( Jeremy Renner ) and fiendish acts that no amount of earnest textbook psychologizing can bridge .
only a document of the worst possibilities of mankind can be
only a document of the worst possibilities of mankind
only pain
the new Star Wars installment has n't escaped the rut dug by the last one .
is too busy
is to skip the film and pick up the soundtrack
is to sit through about 90 minutes of a so-called ` comedy ' and not laugh once .
is to sit through about 90 minutes of a so-called ` comedy ' and not laugh once
is too amateurishly square to make the most of its own ironic implications
is too amateurishly square
is to substitute plot for personality . It does n't really know or care about the characters , and uses them as markers for a series of preordained events
is a confusing melange of tones and styles , one moment a romantic trifle and the next a turgid drama .
is a bowser
is a bowser .
is a case of too many chefs fussing over too weak a recipe .
is a cinematic misdemeanor
is a complete mess
is a confusing melange of tones and styles , one moment a romantic trifle and the next a turgid drama
jagged , as if filmed directly from a television monitor ,
jagged , as if filmed directly from a television monitor
jagged ,
ivans xtc . is a mess .
itself virtually collapses into an inhalant blackout , maintaining consciousness just long enough to achieve callow pretension
jagged camera moves
of genres that do n't add up to a whole lot of sense
a creaky '' Pretty Woman ''
is a cliche
disgracefully
should serve detention
in a doctor 's office , emergency room , hospital bed or insurance company office
Though the film is static
Though there are many tense scenes in Trapped , they prove more distressing than suspenseful .
hoary dialogue , fluxing accents , and -- worst of all --
should scare any sane person away .
Though there are entertaining and audacious moments , the movie 's wildly careening tone and an extremely flat lead performance do little to salvage this filmmaker 's flailing reputation .
should scare any sane person away
in a dark pit having a nightmare about bad cinema
hoary dialogue , fluxing accents , and
should never appear together on a marquee , especially when the payoff is an unschooled comedy like Stealing Harvard , which fails to keep 80 minutes from seeming like 800 .
should pay reparations to viewers .
should pay reparations to viewers
A ) soulless
The movie , like Bartleby , is something of a stiff -- an extra-dry office comedy that seems twice as long as its 83 minutes .
A '' black Austin Powers ?
The most opaque , self-indulgent and just plain goofy an excuse for a movie as you can imagine .
The most opaque , self-indulgent and just plain goofy an excuse for a movie as you can imagine
if it pared down its plots and characters to a few rather than dozens ... or if it were subtler ... or if it had a sense of humor
hoary dialogue ,
has a needlessly downbeat
patronized
Two-bit potboiler .
be cruelly tormented
be cleverer , better written and of considerable more interest than the finished film , that 's a bad sign . A very bad sign
be cleverer , better written and of considerable more interest than the finished film , that 's a bad sign .
be cleverer , better written and of considerable more interest than the finished film , that 's a bad sign
be cliches whose lives are never fully explored
twice as bestial but half as funny
giving audiences no reason to truly care for its decrepit freaks beyond the promise of a reprieve from their incessant whining
far more cynical
entirely infantile
entirely unprepared
anyone who has seen chicago on stage will leave the theater feeling they 've watched nothing but a pale imitation of the real deal
screams out ` amateur ' in almost every frame
screaming and exaggerated
screaming and exaggerated facial expressions
under the strain of its plot contrivances and its need to reassure
underarm noises
the sogginess of its contemporary characters , and
undercut by amateurish execution
nostalgia slumber
to the narcotizing bland ( sinister , though not nearly so sinister as the biennial Disney girl movie ) machinations of the biennial Disney boy movie
's a pity that ( Nelson 's ) achievement does n't match his ambition
in an attempt to make the film relevant today , without fully understanding what it was that made the story relevant in the first place
in an entirely irony-free zone and Bale reduced mainly to batting his sensitive eyelids
in an off-kilter , dark , vaguely disturbing way
in an off-kilter , dark , vaguely disturbing way .
writhing under dialogue like ` you 're from two different worlds ' and ` tonight the maid is a lie and this , this
writhing under dialogue like ` you 're from two different worlds ' and ` tonight the maid is a lie and this , this is who you are
noticeably less
to be a Hollywood satire but winds up as the kind of film that should be the target of something
to avoid
an exhausted , desiccated talent
little visible talent and
little visible talent
little to salvage this filmmaker 's flailing reputation
little too ponderous to work as shallow entertainment , not remotely incisive enough to qualify as drama , Monsoon Wedding
little too ponderous to work as shallow entertainment , not remotely incisive enough to qualify as drama , Monsoon
little visible talent and no energy
works on the whodunit level as its larger themes get lost in the murk of its own making
rough edges
resolutely avoids all the comic possibilities of its situation , and becomes one more dumb high school comedy about sex gags and prom dates .
which might have been called Freddy Gets Molested by a Dog
does n't always jell with Sean Penn 's monotone narration
slide down the slippery slope of dishonesty
would change the fact that what we have here is a load of clams left in the broiling sun for a good three days
-- the only good thing --
would be better to wait for the video . And a very rainy day
would be easy for critics to shred it
, it has some problems .
would be easy for critics to shred it .
-- to its own detriment -- much
does n't sustain a high enough level of invention
does n't reveal even a hint of artifice
does n't remake Andrei Tarkovsky 's Solaris so much as distill it .
does n't quite know how to fill a frame . Like the Hanks character
does n't offer any insight into why , for instance , good things happen to bad people
-- which would have made for better drama .
at its cluelessness
think Undercover Brother has run out of steam
-- the sober-minded original was as graceful as a tap-dancing rhino --
The ending does leave you unfulfilled
the movie 's presentation , which is way too stagy
A frustrating combination
A free-for-all of half-baked thoughts , clumsily used visual tricks and self-indulgent actor moments .
at every turn of Elizabeth Berkley 's flopping dolphin-gasm
A frantic search for laughs , with a hit-to-miss ratio that does n't exactly favour the audience .
morphed into a movie -- a bad one
There 's too much falseness to the second half
the movie 's downfall is to substitute plot for personality
is a glorious failure .
is a glorious failure
of pretentiously awful student films
the movie 's downfall is to substitute plot for personality .
of pretentious , meaningless prattle
from Kevin Kline who unfortunately works with a two star script
a series of relentlessly nasty situations
Unless you are in dire need of a Diesel fix
Unless you are in dire need of a Diesel fix , there is no real reason to see it . Wait for video -- and then do n't rent it .
Unfortunately , the picture failed to capture me . I found it slow , drab , and bordering on melodramatic .
Unfortunately , as a writer , Mr . Montias is n't nearly as good to his crew as he is as a director or actor .
Unlike his directorial efforts , La Femme Nikita and The Professional , The Transporter lacks Besson 's perspective as a storyteller .
episodes smell
episodes smell of old soap opera
episodic choppiness
is a ghost story , an account of a nervous breakdown , a trip down memory lane , all three or none of the above
There 's too much falseness to the second half , and what began as an intriguing look at youth fizzles into a dull , ridiculous attempt at heart-tugging
There 's too much falseness to the second half , and what began as an intriguing look at youth fizzles into a dull , ridiculous attempt at heart-tugging .
13 Conversations may be a bit too enigmatic and overly ambitious to be fully successful , but
13 Conversations may be a bit too enigmatic and overly ambitious to be fully successful ,
's neither as romantic nor as thrilling as it should be
for a barf bag
for a bad film
nationwide blight
as the long-faced sad sack
illustrates the picture 's moral schizophrenia
feel the screenwriter at every moment ` Tap , tap , tap , tap , tapping away ' on this screenplay
as the scenes of torture and self-mutilation
image-mongering
ill-starred
sending the audience straight to hell
ill-informed
the slightly flawed ( and fairly unbelievable ) finale ,
an action movie with an action icon who 's been all but decommissioned
an actress , not quite a singer
A film that should be relegated to a dark video store corner is somehow making its way instead to theaters .
a glorious failure
a giant misplaced ashtray
And neither do cliches , no matter how ` inside ' they are .
Herzog is obviously looking for a moral to his fable , but the notion that a strong , unified showing among Germany and Eastern European Jews might have changed 20th-Century history is undermined by Ahola 's inadequate performance
waydowntown acknowledges the silent screams of workaday inertia but stops short of indulging its characters ' striving solipsism .
by Kevin Bray , whose crisp framing , edgy camera work , and wholesale ineptitude with acting , tone and pace very obviously mark him as a video helmer making his feature debut
one pussy-ass world
being dragged through a sad , sordid universe of guns , drugs , avarice and damaged dreams
being attempted here that stubbornly refused to gel
being cast in action films when none of them are ever any good
being boring
displacement
to the phrase ` fatal script error
Care deftly captures the wonder and menace of growing up , but he never really embraces the joy of Fuhrman 's destructive escapism or the grace-in-rebellion found by his characters .
Care deftly captures the wonder and menace of growing up , but he never really embraces the joy of Fuhrman 's destructive escapism or the grace-in-rebellion found by his characters
Carvey 's Saturday Night Live-honed mimicry
proficient , dull Sorvino
proficient , dull
Were it not for a sentimental resolution that explains way more about Cal than does the movie or the character any good
Wendigo wants to be a monster movie for the art-house crowd , but it falls into the trap of pretention almost every time .
Wendigo wants to be a monster movie for the art-house crowd , but it falls into the trap of pretention almost every time
Wendigo wants to be a monster movie for the art-house crowd
loud , low-budget and tired formula film
loud and boring
loud and thoroughly obnoxious comedy
Earnest but earthbound ... a slow , soggy , soporific , visually dank crime melodrama\/character study that would be more at home on the small screen but for its stellar cast
Earnest but earthbound ... a slow , soggy , soporific , visually dank crime melodrama\/character study that would be more at home on the small screen but for its stellar cast .
Earnest falls short of its Ideal predecessor largely due to Parker 's ill-advised meddling with the timeless source material .
Mr. Shyamalan is undone by his pretensions .
you 're an agnostic carnivore
that gives pic its title an afterthought
a demented
never add up to as much as they promise .
never builds any suspense
never become important to us
neither the actors nor director Reginald Hudlin can make it more than fitfully entertaining .
nerdy folks
to the script 's refusal of a happy ending
never catches fire
the fine line between cheese
it still seems endless
it starts off so bad that you feel like running out screaming
it suffers from the awkwardness that results from adhering to the messiness of true stories .
it suffers from too much Norma Rae and not enough Pretty Woman
it suffers from rampant vampire devaluation
He does n't , however , deliver nearly enough of the show 's trademark style and flash .
su
is that it does n't give a damn
A mess .
A mess . The screenplay does too much meandering , Norton has to recite bland police procedural details , Fiennes wanders around in an attempt to seem weird and distanced
some eyes this will seem like a recycling of clichés , an assassin 's greatest hits . To others
some eyes this will seem like a recycling of clichés , an assassin 's greatest hits .
some fairly unsettling scenes
one of the most frantic , virulent and foul-natured Christmas season pics ever delivered by a Hollywood studio
one of the biggest disappointments of the year
trying simply to out-shock , out-outrage or out-depress
not quite satisfying
not quite sure what the point is
something that makes Fatal Attraction look like a classic by comparison
something so gross
sometimes inexpressive
something tossed off quickly ( like one of Hubert 's punches )
rejects
, with some glimpses of nature and family warmth , Time Out is a discreet moan of despair about entrapment in the maze of modern life .
seem at times too many
far from a groundbreaking endeavor
far from heaven ''
most hackneyed
'' loses its overall sense of mystery and becomes a TV episode rather than a documentary that you actually buy into
with such patronising reverence
I Spy is an embarrassment , a monotonous , disjointed jumble of borrowed plot points and situations .
I admire it and yet can not recommend it , because it overstays its natural running time .
the witless ageism afflicting films
the worst
the worst film
the worst film a man has made about women since valley of the dolls
for : expulsion for everyone
foot-dragging
readily dismissed as the tiresome rant of an aging filmmaker still thumbing his nose at convention
Hardly an objective documentary
Hardly a masterpiece
a copout
pomposity
seemingly irreconcilable
predecible
wrong with '' independent film '' as a commodified , sold-out concept on the american filmmaking scene
slathered on crackers and served as a feast of bleakness
sleepless
predictable , manipulative stinker
predictable , maudlin story
get paid enough to sit through crap like this
of those crazy , mixed-up films that does n't know what it wants to be when it grows up
get into heaven by sending the audience straight to hell
takes too long getting to the good stuff
` The Country Bears ' should never have been brought out of hibernation .
takes too long figuring out what to do next .
could n't have been as dull a person as this film makes him out to be .
could n't pass an entrance exam
could have thought they 'd make audiences guffaw with a script as utterly diabolical as this
could have stopped watching long ago
could have stopped watching long ago .
the nagging suspicion
the narrator stops yammering
the musty scent of Todd Farmer 's screenplay , which is a simple retread of the 1979 Alien , with a plucky heroine battling a monster loose in a spaceship
abuse
absurdity
the ability to offend and put off everyone
` Sophisticated ' viewers who refuse to admit that they do n't like it
would have a hard time sitting through this one .
would have a hard time sitting through this one
would go back and choose to skip it .
would go back and choose to skip it
many excesses
many improbabilities
many characters saying too many clever things and getting into too many pointless situations
many characters saying too many clever things and getting into too many pointless situations .
many coming from the amazingly lifelike Tara Reid , whose acting skills are comparable to a cardboard cutout
'm sure the filmmaker would disagree , but , honestly , I do n't see the point .
it is never melodic
it is rather like an overlong visit from a large group of your relatives . As your relatives swap one mundane story after another
it is n't very good
it is n't much fun
it is n't that funny
rag-tag bunch
as the shabby digital photography
as the scruffy sands of its titular community
most insulting movie
most joyless movie
as the old-hat province of male intrigue
their caustic
just because this past year has seen the release of some of the worst film comedies in decades
, frightening war scenes
extra-dry
A complete waste
the American ` hosts ' and their ` guests
a lot of problems
a lot of redundancy and unsuccessful crudeness accompanying it
a lot of bullets . Some of the characters die and others do n't , and the film pretends that those living have learned some sort of lesson
negativity
she , Janine and Molly -- an all-woman dysfunctional family -- deserve one another
John , in the movie , is a rather dull person to be stuck with for two hours .
A semi-autobiographical film that 's so sloppily written and cast that you can not believe anyone more central to the creation of Bugsy than the caterer had anything to do with it .
As with too many studio pics , plot mechanics get in the way of what should be the lighter-than-air adventure .
Retard
been overrun by what can only be characterized as robotic sentiment
been made under the influence of Rohypnol
As vulgar as it is banal .
been lost in the translation this time . The Importance of Being Earnest movie seems to be missing a great deal of the acerbic repartee of the play
Not a movie but a live-action agitprop cartoon so shameless and coarse , it 's almost funny .
Norton has to recite bland police procedural details ,
Norton has to recite bland police procedural details
Not a movie
Not a movie but a live-action agitprop cartoon
a film that 's barely shocking , barely interesting and most of all , barely anything
It 's rare that a movie can be as intelligent as this one is in every regard except its storyline
It 's provocative stuff , but the speculative effort is hampered by Taylor 's cartoonish performance and the film 's ill-considered notion that Hitler 's destiny was shaped by the most random of chances
It 's provocative stuff , but the speculative effort is hampered by Taylor 's cartoonish performance and the film 's ill-considered notion that Hitler 's destiny was shaped by the most random of chances .
It 's quite an achievement to set and shoot a movie at the Cannes Film Festival and yet fail to capture its visual appeal or its atmosphere .
It 's possible that something hip and transgressive was being attempted here that stubbornly refused to gel , but the result is more puzzling than unsettling
It 's possible that something hip and transgressive was being attempted here that stubbornly refused to gel , but the result is more puzzling than unsettling .
might survive a screening with little harm done , except maybe for the last 15 minutes , which are as maudlin as any after-school special you can imagine .
After one gets the feeling that the typical Hollywood disregard for historical truth and realism is at work here
` they do n't make movies like they used to anymore
it ends in a muddle
might soon be looking for a sign . An EXIT sign , that is .
Stale , futile scenario .
Stale and clichéd to a fault
Start reading your scripts before signing that dotted line .
simply wanted to update her beloved genre for the thousands of Indians who fancy themselves too sophisticated for the cheese-laced spectacles that pack 'em in on the subcontinent
Boyd weighs it down with too many characters and events , all intertwined and far too complicated to keep track of
simply stupid , irrelevant and
simply stupid , irrelevant and deeply
quickly switches into something more recyclable than significant
quickly forgettable
often-mined and despairing milieu
Not an objectionable or dull film ; it merely lacks everything except good intentions .
After you laugh once ( maybe twice ) , you will have completely forgotten the movie by the time you get back to your car in the parking lot .
Otherwise , this could be a passable date film .
Ourside the theatre Roger might be intolerable company ,
you so crazy
Nothing about this movie
Not that any of us should be complaining when a film clocks in around 90 minutes these days , but the plotting here leaves a lot to be desired .
Not that any of us should be complaining when a film clocks in around 90 minutes these days , but the plotting here leaves a lot to be desired
kitchen-sink homage
into a cheap thriller , a dumb comedy or a sappy
indulges in the worst elements of all of them .
infantile , redundant , sloppy
inferior level
infuriating film .
surefire casting . The catch is that they 're stuck with a script that prevents them from firing on all cylinders
sure where self-promotion ends and the truth begins .
sure what -- and has all the dramatic weight of a raindrop
surely read The Catcher in the Rye but clearly suffers from dyslexia
the B . S . giving a big middle-fingered '' shut up '' to those who talk up what is nothing more than two guys beating the hell outta one another
numb experience of watching O Fantasma
numb experience
now it is a copy of a copy of a copy
now and again , a movie comes along to remind us of how very bad a motion picture can truly be . Frank McKlusky C . I .
is betrayed by the surprisingly shoddy makeup work
is basically just a curiosity
its old-hat set-up and predictable plot
irritates and saddens me that Martin Lawrence 's latest vehicle can explode obnoxiously into 2,500 screens while something of Bubba Ho-Tep 's clearly evident quality may end up languishing on a shelf somewhere
that 's so mechanical you can smell the grease on the plot
that 's sultry Linda Fiorentino doing the same thing
that 's where the film ultimately fails
that 's worth watching in Birthday Girl , a film by the stage-trained Jez Butterworth ( Mojo ) that serves as yet another example of the sad decline of British comedies in the post-Full Monty world
layer of Action Man cliché atop wooden dialogue and a shifting tone that falls far short of the peculiarly moral amorality of ( Woo 's ) best work
layer of Action Man cliché atop wooden dialogue and
layer of Action Man cliché atop wooden dialogue
layer upon layer of Action Man cliché atop wooden dialogue and a shifting tone that falls far short of the peculiarly moral amorality of ( Woo 's ) best work
the suggested and the unknown
very bleak
nearly enough and not without taxing every drop of one 's patience to get to the good stuff
original nor terribly funny
a creepy feeling
on an inferior level
on its lack of empathy
tired , unimaginative and derivative
tired , talky feel
the cumulative effect of the relentless horror on parade numbs the movie 's power as a work of drama .
the dark
's the little nuances that perhaps had to escape from director Mark Romanek 's self-conscious scrutiny to happen , that finally get under your skin
Mama takes a bit too long to find its rhythm and a third-act plot development is somewhat melodramatic
Mama takes a bit too long to find its rhythm
Matthew was killed
Combines improbable melodrama ( gored bullfighters , comatose ballerinas ) with subtly kinky bedside vigils and sensational denouements , and yet at the end
ten bucks you 'd spend on a ticket ? Just send it to Cranky . We do n't get paid enough to sit through crap like this
temperamental child
tells us nothing new
temperamental
tells its story in a flat manner and leaves you with the impression that you should have gotten more out of it than you did
tells its story in a flat manner and leaves you with the impression that you should have gotten more out of it than you did .
about nothing delivered by the former Mr . Drew Barrymore
from the demented mind
from the latest eccentric , super-wealthy megalomaniac bent on world domination and destruction
paranoia and
Still , I 'm not quite sure what the point is ...
would n't have taken the protagonists a full hour to determine that in order to kill a zombie you must shoot it in the head
it can be a bit repetitive
it ca n't escape its past , and it does n't want to
it apart
it also wrecks any chance of the movie rising above similar fare
it ca n't escape its past , and
it ca n't escape its past ,
it ca n't escape its past
for industrial-model meat freezers
the director ca n't seem to get a coherent rhythm going .
a Kiss wants desperately to come off as a fanciful film about the typical problems of average people . But
simple misfire
simpering soundtrack
simplistic -- the film 's biggest problem
simple-minded and stereotypical
simplistic -- the film 's biggest problem --
Report card : Does n't live up to the exalted tagline - there 's definite room for improvement . Does n't deserve a passing grade ( even on a curve ) .
Has all the depth of a wading pool
would have a universal product code instead of a title
Has all the depth of a wading pool .
you ca n't help but become more disappointed as each overwrought new sequence plods
Slack and uninspired , and peopled mainly by characters so unsympathetic that you 're left with a sour taste in your mouth
you ca n't wait to see end .
you can get from racy
you can pillage from Shirley Jackson , Richard Matheson ... and puke up something like ROSE RED
In addition to sporting one of the worst titles in recent cinematic history , Ballistic : Ecks Vs. Sever also features terrible , banal dialogue ; convenient , hole-ridden plotting ; superficial characters and a rather dull , unimaginative car chase .
All ends well , sort of , but the frenzied comic moments never click .
All in all , there 's only one thing to root for : expulsion for everyone .
Has little on its mind aside from scoring points with drag gags
this gutter romancer 's
this interminable , shapeless documentary
this in recompense : A few early laughs scattered around a plot as thin
this is a Mormon family movie , and a sappy , preachy one at that
this is n't even a movie we can enjoy as mild escapism ; it is one in which fear and frustration are provoked to intolerable levels .
Suffocated by its fussy script and uptight characters , this musty adaptation is all the more annoying since it 's been packaged and sold back to us by Hollywood .
Suffocated at conception by its Munchausen-by-proxy mum . Punish the vehicle to adore the star .
Suffocated by its fussy script and uptight characters
in China . He has not learnt that storytelling is what the movies are about
You ... get a sense of good intentions derailed by a failure to seek and strike just the right tone .
, as an older woman who seduces Oscar , the film founders on its lack of empathy for the social milieu - rich New York intelligentsia - and its off
, arrive stillborn
endure every plot contrivance that the cliché-riddled genre can offer
his largely amateur cast
Choppy editing and too many repetitive scenes spoil what could have been an important documentary about stand-up comedy .
a lot of people wasted a lot of their time ( including mine ) on something very inconsequential .
a lot of static set ups , not much camera movement , and most of the scenes
a lot more painful than an unfunny movie that thinks it 's hilarious
most charmless
a bumper
We assume he had a bad run in the market or a costly divorce , because there is no earthly reason other than money why this distinguished actor would stoop so low .
forced drama
force you to scratch a hole in your head
force its quirkiness
forced drama in this wildly uneven movie ,
its complexity . Nothing
a wet burlap sack
a wet burlap sack of gloom
the laziness and arrogance
you want it to be better and more successful than it is
you want to bang your head on the seat in front of you , at its cluelessness , at its idiocy , at its utterly misplaced earnestness
fails to arrive at any satisfying destination
fails to do justice to either effort in three hours of screen time
fails to give his audience a single character worth rooting for ( or worth rooting against , for that matter )
fails to give his audience a single character worth rooting for ( or worth rooting against , for that matter ) .
failing to compensate for the paper-thin characterizations and facile situations
fails at both endeavors
fails on so many levels
fails to justify the build-up
so long
so bluntly written , without a trace of sentimentality
A major waste ... generic .
makes sense , with its unbelievable naïveté and arbitrary flashbacks .
makes the silly spy vs. spy film The Sum of All Fears , starring Ben Affleck , seem downright Hitchcockian
Give Shapiro , Goldman , and Bolado credit for good intentions , but there 's nothing here that they could n't have done in half an hour
Give Shapiro , Goldman , and Bolado credit for good intentions , but there 's nothing here that they could n't have done in half an hour .
seem self-consciously poetic and forced
Martin Lawrence 's latest vehicle can explode obnoxiously into 2,500 screens while something of Bubba Ho-Tep 's clearly evident quality may end up languishing on a shelf somewhere
Marisa Tomei is good , but Just A Kiss is just a mess
Marisa Tomei is good , but Just A Kiss is just a mess .
Martha could have used a little trimming
Marinated in clichés and mawkish dialogue
Marinated in clichés and mawkish dialogue .
Chen Kaige 's assistant for years in China . He has not learnt that storytelling is what the movies are about
died long ago
lightness and strictness
torture device .
flushed down
totally disorientated
with a grand whimper
with a jarring , new-agey tone creeping into the second half
( Less a movie than ) an appalling , odoriferous thing ... so
) fondness for fancy split-screen , stuttering editing and pompous references to Wittgenstein and Kirkegaard
) just too bratty for sympathy
) story becomes a hopeless , unsatisfying muddle
) taste for '' shock humor '' will wear thin on all
ergo this sloppy drama
ergo this sloppy drama is an empty vessel
come from the script 's insistence
were stripped of most of his budget and all of his sense of humor
this sometimes wry adaptation of V.S. Naipaul 's novel
were the people who paid to see it .
Beneath the uncanny , inevitable and seemingly shrewd facade of movie-biz farce ... lies a plot cobbled together from largely flat and uncreative moments .
is finally too predictable to leave much of an impression
laughable dialogue
glum as Mr. De Niro
glum .
no match for the insipid script he has crafted with Harris Goldberg
no more
no new insight
no obvious escape
Instead of using George and Lucy 's most obvious differences to ignite sparks , Lawrence desperately looks elsewhere , seizing on George 's haplessness and Lucy 's personality tics .
Instead of trying to bust some blondes , ( Diggs ) should be probing why a guy with his talent ended up in a movie this bad .
soggy leaves
nonsense machine
nonsense , this .
none-too-funny
none of which amounts to much of a story
none of them memorable
none of them are ever any good
nonsense , this
none-too-funny commentary on the cultural distinctions between Americans and Brits
none-too-funny commentary
stay with the stage versions , however , which bite cleaner , and deeper
to skip it
to smack of a Hallmark Hall of Fame , with a few four letter words thrown in that are generally not heard on television
to smash its face in
to sneak out of the theater
to sober us up with the transparent attempts at moralizing
yet lacerating
puffery with a sour cliche
with drag gags
with dumb characters
want to take a reality check before you pay the full ticket price to see `` Simone , '' and consider a DVD rental instead
with entirely too much focus on meal preparation and igloo construction
minor-league
minor-league soccer remake
that the pocket monster movie franchise is nearly ready to keel over
sucking on the bong and downing one alcoholic beverage after another
the grim situation
It 's pretty linear and only makeup-deep ,
stand-up magic wanes .
terribly obvious
terribly monotonous
terribly obvious melodrama and rough-hewn vanity project
terrible , banal dialogue ; convenient , hole-ridden plotting ; superficial characters and a rather dull , unimaginative car chase
terrible , banal dialogue ; convenient , hole-ridden plotting ; superficial characters and
terrible adaptation
terrified of the book 's irreverent energy , and scotches most of its élan , humor , bile , and irony
Once one experiences Mr. Haneke 's own sadistic tendencies toward his audience , one is left with a sour taste in one 's mouth , and little else .
One look at a girl in tight pants and big tits and you turn stupid
by the time it 's done with us ,
one hopes Mr. Plympton will find room for one more member of his little band , a professional screenwriter .
familiar '' before landing squarely on '' stupid
familiar '' before landing squarely on '' stupid ''
eyes , ' but the sad schlock merchant of ` deadly friend
an awfully derivative story
an egotistical endeavor
an egotistical endeavor from the daughter of horror director Dario Argento ( a producer here )
So what is the point ? Lovingly choreographed bloodshed taking place in a pristine movie neverland , basically .
So what is the point ?
So unremittingly awful that labeling it a dog probably constitutes cruelty to canines .
So unremittingly awful
So stupid , so ill-conceived , so badly drawn , it created whole new levels of ugly .
So stupid , so ill-conceived
So stupid ,
So stupid
life 's ultimate losers
life , hand gestures , and
or bored or frustrated by the film
is all the more annoying
is all flash .
is all the more annoying since it 's been packaged and sold back to us by Hollywood .
is all the more annoying since it 's been packaged and sold back to us by Hollywood
a retooling of Fahrenheit 451 , and
bad writing , bad direction and bad acting -- the trifecta of badness
bad reviews
bad seeds
bad sitcom
bad the screenwriters eventually shoot themselves in the feet with cop flick cliches like an oily arms dealer , squad car pile-ups and the requisite screaming captain
bad things
bad to be good
bad writing
bad writing ,
a lump of run-of-the-mill profanity
a lumbering load of hokum but
a lump of run-of-the-mill profanity sprinkled with a few remarks so geared toward engendering audience sympathy that you might think he was running for office -- or trying to win over a probation officer
a low-budget hybrid of Scarface or Carlito 's Way
a low-budget hybrid of Scarface or
a lumbering load
The more Kevin Costner rests on his pretty-boy laurels , the public is , regrettably , going to have tepid films like Dragonfly tossed at them .
The most hopelessly monotonous film
that they 're watching a 76-minute commercial
The most hopelessly monotonous film of the year , noteworthy only for the gimmick of being filmed as a single unbroken 87-minute
The most hopelessly monotonous film of the year , noteworthy only for the gimmick of being filmed as a single unbroken 87-minute take .
severe flaws
Seagal , who looks more like Danny Aiello these days , mumbles his way through the movie .
composed or edited
drowsy heaviness
drowns out the lousy dialogue .
drowns out the lousy dialogue
drowns out
drone on inanely for two hours
faked
of minor shortcomings
exasperating
predictable plotting
predictable outcome
predictable plotting and tiresome histrionics
predictable rehash
stunningly unoriginal
stupidity
that these ops are just not extreme enough
that 1982 's Tootsie , forgetting only to retain a single laugh
the intentionally low standards
the intentionally low standards of frat-boy humor
that -- on the basis of this film alone -- I 'm not one of them
than seeing an otherwise good movie marred beyond redemption by a disastrous ending
exploit its subjects
The unexplored story opportunities of '' Punch-Drunk Love '' may have worked against the maker 's minimalist intent
One problem with the movie , directed by Joel Schumacher , is that it jams too many prefabricated story elements into the running time .
One problem with the movie , directed by Joel Schumacher ,
to cover its clunky dialogue and lapses in logic
One of those strained caper movies that 's hardly any fun to watch and begins to vaporize from your memory minutes after it ends .
One of those pictures whose promising , if rather precious , premise is undercut by amateurish execution .
One of those movies where you walk out of the theater not feeling cheated exactly , but feeling pandered to , which , in the end , might be all the more infuriating .
One of those movies where you walk out of the theater not feeling cheated exactly , but feeling pandered to , which , in the end , might be all the more infuriating
One problem with the movie , directed by Joel Schumacher
One problem with the movie ,
One problem with the movie
too steeped in fairy tales and other childish things
too self-satisfied
too shallow for an older one
too shallow for an older one .
to create a completely numbing experience
for bad movies
for attention it nearly breaks its little neck trying to perform entertaining tricks
for but a few seconds
for cheap porn
is degraded , handheld Blair Witch video-cam footage .
is deja vu all over again
is difficult to fathom .
is dudsville .
you 're watching a movie that was made in 1978 but not released then because it was so weak , and it has been unearthed and released now , when it has become even weaker
The Château would have been benefited from a sharper , cleaner script before it went in front of the camera .
The Château is never quite able to overcome the cultural moat surrounding its ludicrous and contrived plot . '
Boll uses a lot of quick cutting and blurry step-printing to goose things up , but dopey dialogue and sometimes inadequate performances kill the effect
desperately needed
desperation
maladjusted teens in a downward narcotized spiral .
maladjusted teens in a downward narcotized spiral
The effort is sincere and the results are honest , but the film is so bleak that it 's hardly watchable
The effort is sincere and the results are honest , but the film is so bleak that it 's hardly watchable .
Further sad evidence that Tom Tykwer , director of the resonant and sense-spinning Run Lola Run , has turned out to be a one-trick pony -- a maker of softheaded metaphysical claptrap
Further sad evidence that Tom Tykwer , director of the resonant and sense-spinning Run Lola Run , has turned out to be a one-trick pony -- a maker of softheaded metaphysical claptrap .
confused , and totally disorientated
consider this a diss
construct a story with even a trace of dramatic interest
Even a hardened voyeur would require the patience of Job to get through this interminable , shapeless documentary about the swinging subculture .
with an inauspicious premise
heroes would be a film that is n't this painfully forced , false and fabricated
heroes the way Julia Roberts hands out awards -- with phony humility barely camouflaging grotesque narcissism
, the film does n't end up having much that is fresh to say about growing up Catholic or , really , anything .
as hollow catharsis
dull .
dull `` cyber-horror '' flick
dud from frame one .
dud from frame one
drudgery .
where Human Nature should be ingratiating , it 's just grating
'll feel like you ate a Reeses without the peanut butter
harder and harder to ignore the fact that Hollywood is n't laughing with us , folks
hard-to-believe plot twists force the movie off track in its final half hour .
hard to understand why anyone in his right mind would even think to make the attraction a movie
hard to say who might enjoy this
hard to pity the ` plain ' girl who becomes a ravishing waif after applying a smear of lip-gloss
hard to imagine anybody ever being `` in the mood '' to view a movie as harrowing and painful as The Grey Zone
insensitive
unbearably
inoffensive screaming and exaggerated facial expressions
too many repetitive
too many recent action-fantasy extravaganzas in which special effects overpower cogent story-telling and visual clarity during the big action sequences
too much about this love story . In that setting , their struggle is simply too ludicrous and borderline insulting
too much falseness to the second half
too much falseness
insensitivity
whether it wants to be a black comedy , drama , melodrama or some combination of the three
Imagine Susan Sontag falling in love with Howard Stern .
Imagine a film that begins as a Seven rip-off , only to switch to a mix of The Shining , The Thing , and any naked teenagers horror flick from the 1980s
If you saw it on TV , you 'd probably turn it off , convinced that you had already seen that movie .
Reign of Fire is hardly the most original fantasy film ever made --
Imagine a film that begins as a Seven rip-off , only to switch to a mix of The Shining , The Thing , and any naked teenagers horror flick from the 1980s .
is a plodding mess
is a plodding mess .
is a phlegmatic bore , so tedious it makes the silly spy vs . spy film The Sum of All Fears
is a pity
Reign of Fire is hardly the most original fantasy film ever made
look too deep into the story
losing
losing my lunch
's a mystery how the movie could be released in this condition
's a movie that ends with Truckzilla , for cryin ' out loud . If that does n't clue you in that something 's horribly wrong , nothing will .
's a movie that ends with Truckzilla , for cryin ' out loud . If that does n't clue you in that something 's horribly wrong , nothing will
with this film is that it 's forced to make its characters idiots in order to advance the plot .
with the worst
with too many characters and events , all intertwined and far too complicated to keep track of
weirdo actor Crispin Glover
no more challenging than your average television biopic
no matter how fantastic Reign of Fire looked , its story was making no sense at all
no matter how Broomfield dresses it up , it tends to speculation , conspiracy theories or , at best , circumstantial evidence
no longer recognizes the needs of moviegoers for real characters and compelling plots
thinner than cardboard -- or even comic-book paper
thinner than cardboard -- or
thinner than cardboard
thinner than cardboard --
annoyance
that is tortured and unsettling -- but
a cold blanket
a collision
The rest of the film ... is dudsville
The result , however well-intentioned ,
The result , however well-intentioned , is ironically just the sort of disposable , kitchen-sink homage that illustrates why the whole is so often less than the sum of its parts in today 's Hollywood .
The results are far more alienating than involving .
more baffling
wondering less about its ideas and more about its characterization of Hitler and the contrived nature of its provocative conclusion
crazy confluence
incorporates rotoscope animation for no apparent reason except
's hard to like a film so cold and dead
's hard to imagine that even very small children will be impressed by this tired retread .
from its sleazy moralizing
winds up accomplishing neither in full ,
have a confession to make : I did n't particularly like E . T . the first time I saw it as a young boy . That is because - damn it !
hates its characters
hateful
Well-nigh unendurable ... though the picture strains to become cinematic poetry , it remains depressingly prosaic and dull .
Well-nigh unendurable ...
Well-nigh unendurable ... though the picture strains to become cinematic poetry , it remains depressingly prosaic and dull
Well-shot but badly written tale set in a future ravaged by dragons .
everyone involved with moviemaking is a con artist and a liar
everyone else will be slightly bored
it also makes her appear foolish and shallow rather than , as was more likely ,
it all . Jackass is a vulgar
it all . Jackass is a vulgar and cheap-looking version of Candid Camera staged for the Marquis de Sade set
it all . Jackass is a vulgar and
it already has one strike against it .
it also comes with the laziness and arrogance of a thing that already knows it 's won
winds up a Bolly-Holly masala mess
winds up accomplishing neither in full
you ca n't pronounce '' gyro '' correctly
a recycled and dumbed-down version
a rejected X-Files episode
a recycled and dumbed-down version of Love Story
a rejected X-Files episode than a credible account of a puzzling real-life happening
that it 's disappointing to see one reduce it to an idea that fits in a sampler
Shaky close-ups of turkey-on-rolls , stubbly chins , liver spots , red noses and the filmmakers new bobbed
Shadyac shoots his film like an M . Night Shyamalan movie , and he frequently maintains the same snail 's pace ; he just forgot to add any genuine tension
Shadyac shoots his film like an M . Night Shyamalan movie , and he frequently maintains the same snail 's pace ; he just forgot to add any genuine tension .
Shadyac shoots his film like an M . Night Shyamalan movie , and he frequently maintains the same snail 's pace
Shadyac shoots his film like an M . Night Shyamalan movie , and he frequently maintains the same snail 's pace ;
Shakespeare whom he wanted to define his career with but Pinocchio . It might as well have been Problem Child IV
misconceived
the hell cares
misconceived final
especially disappointing
especially unfortunate in light of the fine work done by most of the rest of her cast
especially thin stretched over the nearly 80-minute running time
usual bumbling , tongue-tied screen persona
does nothing new with the old story , except to show fisticuffs in this sort of stop-go slow motion that makes the gang rumbles look like they 're being streamed over a 28K modem
does nothing new with the old story , except to show fisticuffs in this sort of stop-go slow motion that makes the gang rumbles look like they 're being streamed over a 28K modem .
does nothing new with the old story
does nothing new with the old story , except to show fisticuffs in this sort of stop-go slow motion that makes the gang rumbles look like they 're being streamed
misconceived final 5
Scorsese 's Mean Streets redone by someone who ignored it in favor of old ` juvenile delinquent ' paperbacks with titles like Leather Warriors and Switchblade Sexpot
In a summer of clones
, Spy Kids 2 looks as if it were made by a highly gifted 12-year-old instead of a grown man .
, Sweet Home Alabama is n't as funny as you 'd hoped . For a film that 's being advertised as a comedy
, Sweet Home Alabama is n't as funny as you 'd hoped .
sick and demented humor
an inexpressible and drab wannabe looking for that exact niche
an inexpressible and drab wannabe
an inexpressible and drab
is numbingly predictable
is obscured by the majority of the film that shows a stationary camera on a subject that could be mistaken for giving a public oration , rather than contributing to a film 's narrative
Just because it really happened to you , honey , does n't mean that it 's interesting to anyone else .
makes its stupidity more than obvious .
makes its stupidity
makes it obnoxious and stiff
makes its big-screen entry with little of the nervy originality of its groundbreaking small-screen progenitor .
dating comedy with ` issues ' to simplify
dated and unfunny
waged among victims and predators settle into an undistinguished rhythm of artificial suspense
waged among victims and predators settle into an undistinguished rhythm of artificial suspense .
shtick and sentimentality
unpleasant characters
`` White Oleander , '' the movie , is akin to a Reader 's Digest condensed version of the source material .
missing from it all is a moral . What is the filmmakers ' point ?
missing from this story
misses the brilliance of Jelinek 's novel by some way
misses the brilliance of Jelinek 's novel by some way .
misses its emotions
misses the brilliance of Jelinek 's novel
misses the impact of the Disney classic , and even that of the excellent 1934 MGM version
misses too many opportunities
inexperience
indulgent dead-end experimentation
it 's meandering , low on energy , and too eager to be quirky at moments when a little old-fashioned storytelling would come in handy
it 's just too dry and too placid
it 's just tediously bad , something to be fully forgotten
it 's just grating
generically , forgettably pleasant from start to finish
genre conventions , character types and formulaic conflict resolutions
thinks poo-poo jokes are ` edgy .
the brutality of the jokes , most at women 's expense
its own most damning censure
its own meager weight
its own ludicrous terms
the brutality
would probably be duking it out with The Queen of the Damned for the honor .
would n't be my preferred way of spending 100 minutes or $ 7 . 00
would n't be my preferred way of spending 100 minutes or $ 7 . 00 .
would n't know subtle characterization if it put on a giant furry monster costume and then gave them a lapdance
would n't know subtle characterization if it put on a giant furry monster costume and then gave them a lapdance .
would n't add up to the time required to boil a four - minute egg
would n't add up to the time required to boil a four - minute egg .
class resentment
held hostage
torn away
hell-jaunt
that 's neither original nor terribly funny
rehash old
that 's not the least bit romantic and only mildly funny
villeneuve spends too much time wallowing in bibi 's generic angst ( there are a lot of shots of her gazing out windows ) .
much about the film is loopy and ludicrous ... that it could have been a hoot in a bad-movie way if the laborious pacing and endless exposition had been tightened .
violent
much baked cardboard
war movies
tripe
clichés and mawkish dialogue
clichés and sneering humor
clichés and a dim
clichés and borrowed images
at times , preposterous )
over everyone 's head
that 's low on both suspense and payoff
wanted to leave .
whom he wanted to define his career with but Pinocchio . It might as well have been Problem Child IV
wanting more answers as the credits
wholly predictable
it all looks and plays like a $ 40 million version of a game you 're more likely to enjoy on a computer
be all the more infuriating
be able to recognize that this story is too goofy ... even for Disney
be a whole lot scarier than they are in this tepid genre offering
whom here ? Ah , yes , that would be me : fighting off the urge to doze
how Sandler is losing his touch
it pushes the Croc Hunter agenda
it pays a price for its intricate intellectual gamesmanship .
it pays a price for its intricate intellectual gamesmanship
is n't just offensive
is n't more compelling
is n't much better .
is n't much better
're playing characters who sometimes feel more like literary conceits than flesh-and-blood humans
, violent , self-indulgent and maddening
, violent movie
the usual cliches
thought I heard a mysterious voice , and felt myself powerfully drawn toward the light -- the light of the exit sign
though their story is predictable
glib
gimmick
it is nit-picky about the hypocrisies of our time
it is n't entirely persuasive
it is that it does n't give a damn
it lacks in outright newness . Plus , like I already mentioned
a great deal of corny dialogue and preposterous moments
the 2002 film does n't really believe in it , and breaks the mood with absurdly inappropriate ` comedy ' scenes
grows less compelling the farther it meanders from its shocking start
An instant candidate for worst movie
Why spend $ 9 on the same stuff you can get for a buck or so in that greasy little vidgame pit in the theater lobby ?
makes for a pretty unpleasant viewing experience .
makes for a pretty unpleasant viewing experience
even if the picture itself is somewhat problematic
like a recycling of clichés , an assassin 's greatest hits
like a rash
like a prison stretch
like a poor man 's
like a mere excuse for the wan , thinly sketched story . Killing time , that 's all that 's going on here
gets bogged down by hit-and-miss topical humour
also is difficult to fathom
also looked like crap , so crap is what I was expecting .
also represents glossy Hollywood at its laziest .
also features terrible , banal dialogue ; convenient , hole-ridden plotting ; superficial characters and a rather dull , unimaginative car chase .
also wrecks any chance of the movie rising above similar fare
dying and
dying and going
dying coral
ends up being neither , and fails at both endeavors .
ends up being neither , and fails at both endeavors
dysfunctional
dysfunctional drama
ends up doing very little with its imaginative premise .
ends up doing very little with its imaginative premise
's to realize that as far as these shootings are concerned , something is rotten in the state of California
cheesy backdrops ,
cheesy backdrops
cheesy backdrops , ridiculous action sequences ,
cheesy backdrops , ridiculous action sequences
cheesy B-movie playing
cheesy B-movie
's a dull girl , that 's all .
's a dull girl , that 's all
the dialogue frequently misses the mark
the dialogue and drama often food-spittingly
the direction is clumsy
the thrown-together feel
the thrown-together feel of a summer-camp talent show : hastily written
is a failure
formulaic , its plot and pacing typical Hollywood war-movie stuff , while the performances elicit more of a sense of deja vu than awe
a much shorter cut surely would have resulted in a smoother , more focused narrative without sacrificing any of the cultural intrigue
a movie with no reason for being
you want to slap it
with a general air of misogyny
that 's just experimental enough to alienate the mainstream audience while ringing cliched to hardened indie-heads
that 's not merely unwatchable , but also
you wanted to make as anti-Kieslowski a pun as possible . Suffice to say its total promise is left slightly unfulfilled
that 's 86 minutes too long
spinoff of last summer 's bloated effects fest The Mummy Returns
every punchline predictable
every one ( and no one )
this so-called satire
every punchline predictable .
every punchline predictable . There 's no energy
, it does not achieve the kind of dramatic unity that transports you .
, it dives into soapy bathos .
, it does go on forever .
a ho-hum affair , always
, it drowns out the lousy dialogue .
, it ends up being , like ( Seinfeld 's ) revered TV show , about pretty much nothing .
a huge disappointment coming
Had anyone here done anything remotely intelligent , we all could have stopped watching long ago .
seems to be coasting . There are a few modest laughs ,
seems terrified of the book 's irreverent energy , and scotches most of its élan , humor , bile , and irony .
Originality ai n't on the menu
Originality ai n't on the menu ,
only so much anyone can do with a florid , overplotted , Anne Rice rock 'n' roll vampire novel before the built-in silliness of the whole affair defeats them
Not at all clear what it 's trying to say and even if it were -- I doubt it would be all that interesting .
A mediocre exercise
you wonder about changing the director and writer 's diapers
you would end up with if you took Orwell , Bradbury , Kafka , George Lucas and the Wachowski Brothers and threw them into a blender . But that 's just the problem with it
Aggravating and tedious .
Aggravating and tedious
Aggressive self-glorification and a manipulative whitewash .
Aggressive self-glorification and a manipulative whitewash
this nasty comedy
this nasty comedy pokes fun at the same easy targets as other rowdy raunch-fests -- farts , boobs , unmentionables -- without much success .
this new jangle of noise , mayhem and stupidity
this new jangle of noise , mayhem and stupidity must be a serious contender for the title
this odd , inexplicable and unpleasant
be occupied for 72 minutes
you have some idea of the glum , numb experience of watching O Fantasma
A rambling ensemble piece with loosely connected characters and plots that never quite gel .
A rambling ensemble piece with loosely connected characters and plots that never quite gel
A rehash of every gangster movie from the past decade .
A rehash of every gangster movie
A rehash
terrified of the book 's irreverent energy , and scotches most of its lan , humor , bile , and irony
terrified of the book 's irreverent energy , and scotches most
tempting to regard mr . andrew and his collaborators as oddballs
amoral
amoral assassin
hoary plot
hokum of Hart 's War
wreaked
half-step
half-lit , sometimes creepy intimacy
half-hearted fluke
half-baked stand-up routine
of these shenanigans exhausting
of their first full flush of testosterone
of their time ( including mine ) on something very inconsequential
may be shallow
loosens in direct proportion
lose interest
lose interest before Sandrine
thrown in people 's faces to the fact Amber is such a joke
lousy John Q
lousy direction
lousy one
throwaway one-liners , not-quite jokes ,
Mocking them now is an exercise in pointlessness .
The usual movie rah-rah
than much of what 's on Saturday morning TV especially the pseudo-educational stuff we all ca n't stand
if they looked at how this movie turned out
if the poor quality of Pokemon 4 Ever is any indication
punishing
its stupidity is so relentlessly harmless that it almost wins you over in the end
its story was making no sense at all
is so slight
these brats will ever be anything more than losers
style apes
weak
featherweight
insultingly unbelievable final act
insultingly unbelievable
insulting , or childish
, mouthpieces , visual motifs , blanks .
, movies like Ghost Ship will be used as analgesic balm for overstimulated minds . Right now
, much about the film , including some of its casting , is frustratingly unconvincing .
, neither Sendak nor the directors are particularly engaging or articulate .
, never rises above the level of a telanovela .
devoid of interesting characters or even a halfway intriguing plot
crudely
it would be better as a diary or documentary
creep
it winds up affirming the same damn moldy values the material has always held dear
this is the opposite of a truly magical movie
overblown climax
overblown and tie-in
over-blown drama
over-blown
a yawn
overachieving
overblown and
overblown , and entirely implausible
soon grows tiresome
somnolent show
Writer-director Stephen Gaghan has made the near-fatal mistake of being what the English call ` too clever by half . '
sophomoric exploration
biting into what looks like a juicy , delicious plum on a hot summer day and coming away with your mouth full of rotten pulp and living worms
being forced to watch the host and hostess
being even dumber than its title
for a thirteen-year-old 's book report
for a silly hack-and-slash flick
put up with 146 minutes of it
the hapless victims
put on your own Mystery Science Theatre 3000 tribute to what is almost certainly going to go down as the worst -- and only -- killer website movie of this or any other year
put in an impossible spot because his character 's deceptions ultimately undo him and the believability of the entire scenario
put my finger on that elusive `` missing thing
forgotten the movie by the time you get back to your car in the parking lot
the dull
the dullest tangents
a trifle flat
a transcript of a therapy session brought to humdrum life by some Freudian puppet
A different and emotionally reserved type
a transparently hypocritical work that feels as though it 's trying to set the women 's liberation movement back 20 years
a tougher time balancing its violence with Kafka-inspired philosophy
a tragedy which is somehow guessable from the first few minutes , maybe because it echoes the by now intolerable morbidity of so many recent movies
issues with honesty and beauty .
After an uncertain start
Afghan tragedies
that have already been through the corporate stand-up-comedy mill
that grand a failure
that forces the viewer to totally suspend disbelief
few unintentional
At times Auto Focus feels so distant you might as well be watching it through a telescope . Yet
but badly written tale
superficially written
superficially written characters ramble
superfluous sequel
superficial characters
superficial treatment
can also negotiate the movie 's darker turns
a brainless flibbertigibbet
a boring movie
a bowser
a boring , pretentious waste of nearly two hours
a boring , pretentious waste
a boring man ,
should be probing why a guy with his talent ended up in a movie this bad
should be poignant
lifeless movie
lifeless boxing film
lifeless , and amateurishly
life stinks
it ca n't really be called animation
to dupe the viewer into taking it all as Very Important simply because the movie is ugly to look at and not a Hollywood product
it awfully hard to buy the impetus for the complicated love triangle that develops between the three central characters
it becomes a chore to sit through -- despite some first-rate performances by its lead
it becomes long and tedious like a classroom
also so jarring that it 's hard to get back into the boys ' story
over the no sense ending
more often sophomoric
more or less slogs its way through
'll only put you to sleep .
more or less slogs its way through soggy Paris , tongue uncomfortably in cheek .
'll swear that you 've seen it all before , even if you 've never come within a mile of The Longest Yard .
'll wait in vain for a movie to happen
'll trudge out of the theater feeling as though you rode the Zipper after eating a corn dog and an extra-large cotton candy .
more predictable than their consequences
the only thing that 's worth watching in Birthday Girl , a film by the stage-trained Jez Butterworth ( Mojo ) that serves as yet another example of the sad decline of British comedies in the post-Full Monty world
A fragile framework upon which to hang broad , mildly fleshed-out characters that seem to have been conjured up only 10 minutes prior to filming
A fragile framework
A film so tedious that it is impossible to care whether that boast is true or not
A film made with as little wit , interest , and professionalism as artistically possible for a slummy Hollywood caper flick .
A film that suffers because of its many excesses .
A film so tedious that it is impossible to care whether that boast is true or not .
Disturbing and
Do n't plan on the perfect ending , but
Do n't plan on the perfect ending ,
be said to suck
high crime
Who , exactly , is fighting whom here ? Ah , yes , that would be me : fighting off the urge to doze .
high school production
While the mystery surrounding the nature of the boat 's malediction remains intriguing enough to sustain mild interest , the picture refuses to offer much accompanying sustenance in the way of characterization , humor or plain old popcorn fun .
it rips off many of its ideas
what to make of this Italian freakshow
, it would gobble in Dolby Digital stereo .
, it would n't have taken the protagonists a full hour to determine that in order to kill a zombie you must shoot it in the head
, like Ballistic , arrive stillborn
ends with a whimper
The script kicks in , and Mr . Hartley 's distended pace and foot-dragging rhythms follow
The script is n't very good
The script is n't very good ;
The script is n't very good ; not even someone as gifted as Hoffman ( the actor ) can make it work
The script is n't very good ; not even someone as gifted as Hoffman ( the actor ) can make it work .
The script kicks in , and Mr . Hartley 's distended pace and foot-dragging rhythms follow .
The sequel has turned completely and irrevocably bizarre to the point of utter nonsense .
American road-trip drek
movie that hovers somewhere between an acute character study and a trite power struggle .
movie that tries to fuse the two ` woods ' but winds up a Bolly-Holly masala mess
Tries too hard to be funny in a way that 's too loud , too goofy and too short of an attention span
pompous references
ponderous to work as shallow entertainment , not remotely incisive enough to qualify as drama , Monsoon
poo-poo
ponderous and charmless
poo-poo jokes
poo-poo jokes are ` edgy
pumpkin sits in a patch somewhere between mirthless todd solondzian satire and callow student film
... while the humor aspects of ` jason x ' were far more entertaining than i had expected , everything else about the film tanks .
... while the humor aspects of ` jason x ' were far more entertaining than i had expected , everything else about the film tanks
care that there 's no plot in this Antonio Banderas-Lucy Liu faceoff . It 's still terrible
But in its child-centered , claustrophobic context , it can be just as frightening and disturbing -- even punishing .
But this time there 's some mold on the gold .
to sit through its tidal wave of imagery and not get this vision at all
He 's changed the male academic from a lower-class Brit to an American , a choice that upsets the novel 's exquisite balance and shreds the fabric of the film
He thinks the film is just as much a document about him as it is about the subject .
achieves the remarkable feat of squandering a topnotch foursome of actors ... by shoving them into every clichéd white-trash situation imaginable .
achieves the remarkable feat of squandering a topnotch foursome of actors
is all but useless
increasingly frightening
is about grief
is much more terrifying than what you do
child-centered , claustrophobic context
child abuse
chides the absurdity of its protagonist 's plight
feels like a Monty Python sketch gone horribly wrong .
look at a painful incident that made headlines in 1995
look at a painful incident that made headlines in 1995 .
Just one bad idea
Just like Hearst 's enormous yacht , it 's slow and unwieldy and takes a long time to reach its destination .
Just like every other Seagal movie , only louder and without that silly ponytail
Just one bad idea after another .
Just one more collection of penis , breast and flatulence gags in search of a story . Or a profit . Or some damn thing
, sordid universe
, spiteful idiots
, standoffish to everyone else , and smugly suggests a superior moral tone is more important than filmmaking skill
, spooky , educational , but at other times as bland as a block of snow .
, starving and untalented
, stupid and pointless
, straining to get by on humor that is not even as daring as John Ritter 's glory days on Three 's Company .
can explode obnoxiously into 2 , 500 screens while something of Bubba Ho-Tep 's clearly evident quality may end up languishing on a shelf somewhere
feels like a low-budget TV pilot that could not find a buyer to play it on the tube .
Anemic , pretentious
Anemic , pretentious .
Another week , another gross-out college comedy -- ugh .
same tired old gags
it 's still quite bad .
it 's so not-at-all-good
it 's time for an absurd finale of twisted metal , fireballs and revenge
it 's too close to real life to make sense
same love story
Nair stuffs the film with dancing , henna , ornamentation , and group song , but her narrative clichés and telegraphed episodes smell of old soap opera .
Nasty
do n't get paid enough to sit through crap like this .
fraught
goodness that is flawed , compromised and sad
who gets chills from movies with giant plot holes
Anyone who gets chills from movies with giant plot holes
as they come , already having been recycled more times than I 'd care to count
Any intellectual arguments being made about the nature of God are framed in a drama so clumsy
Any reasonably creative eighth-grader could have written a more credible script , though with the same number of continuity errors .
Any reasonably creative eighth-grader
Anyone not into high-tech splatterfests is advised to take the warning literally , and log on to something more user-friendly .
Anyone not into high-tech splatterfests
is the film equivalent of a lovingly rendered coffee table book
is the fact that there is nothing distinguishing in a Randall Wallace film
is the fact that there is nothing distinguishing in a Randall Wallace film .
'' is one of those crass
'' appalling
it still feels somewhat unfinished .
it stinks
'' is the one hour and thirty-three minutes spent watching this waste of time .
it still cuts all the way down to broken bone .
it stays in formula -- which is a waste of De Niro , McDormand and the other good actors in the cast
that ca n't totally hide its contrivances
if a tuba-playing dwarf rolled down a hill in a trash can ? Do you chuckle at the thought of an ancient librarian whacking a certain part of a man 's body ? If you answered yes , by all means enjoy The New Guy
if downbeat ,
if considerably less ambitious ,
if considerably less ambitious
the slack complacency of ( Godard 's ) vision
the slack complacency
really peeved at it
really peeved
really need a 77-minute film to tell us exactly why a romantic relationship between a 15-year-old boy and a 40-year-old woman does n't work ?
rebirth to bruising
A mess
are more grating than engaging .
are more involving than this mess
are more alive than its characters
are more grating than engaging
otherwise bleak
otherwise bleak tale
the shrill side ,
others in its genre in that it is does not rely on dumb gags , anatomical humor , or character cliches
others will find their humor-seeking dollars best spent elsewhere .
to the Serbs themselves but also to a network of American right-wing extremists
to tell you how tedious , how resolutely unamusing , how thoroughly unrewarding all of this is , and what a reckless squandering of four fine acting talents
to the Haunted House
that bad movies make and is determined not to make them , and
What the film lacks in general focus
Whether writer-director Anne Fontaine 's film is a ghost story , an account of a nervous breakdown , a trip down memory lane , all three or none of the above
do some of their best work in their underwritten roles , but do n't be fooled
do n't be fooled
do n't really want to know
just does n't have anything really interesting to say .
just do n't work in concert .
just do n't really care too much about this love story .
just do n't care whether that cold-hearted snake Petrovich ( that would be Reno ) gets his comeuppance .
just did n't care as much for the story .
just another bad movie
middle and lurches between not-very-funny comedy , unconvincing dramatics
toilet humor ,
toilet humor
toilet humor , ethnic slurs
told by countless filmmakers
about nothing delivered by the former Mr. Drew Barrymore
to recognize that this story is too goofy ... even for Disney
because the plot is equally hackneyed
a troubling interpretation
a troubling interpretation of Ecclesiastes
ruined by amateurish
ruined by amateurish writing and acting ,
ruined by amateurish writing and acting
ruins every single scene he 's in
ruined by amateurish writing and acting , while the third feels limited by its short running time
ruins itself with too many contrivances and goofy situations
ruins itself
plays up the cartoon 's more obvious strength of snazziness while neglecting its less conspicuous writing strength
easier to sit through than most of Jaglom 's self-conscious and gratingly irritating films
easily dismissive
a crime movie made by someone who obviously knows nothing about crime
a cross between Boys Do n't Cry , Deliverance , and Ode to Billy Joe - lies somewhere in the story of Matthew Shepard , but that film is yet to be made
If there 's nothing fresh about Wannabes , which was written by Mr. DeMeo , who produced and directed the film with Charles A. Addessi , much of the time
If the title is a Jeopardy question , then the answer might be `` How does Steven Seagal come across these days ? ''
even a simple '' Goddammit ! ''
defined by childlike dimness and a handful of quirks
then proceeds to flop
pays for being dishonest .
paying money to see the last James Bond movie
definite room for improvement
gives none to the audience
your film becomes boring , and
definitive , if disingenuous ,
your film becomes boring
definitive , if disingenuous , feature
your generic sand 'n' sandal adventure
Noyce 's greatest mistake is thinking that we needed sweeping , dramatic , Hollywood moments to keep us
which to bludgeon myself unconscious
which tends to breed formulaic films rather than fresh ones
which unfortunately do n't enable them to discern flimsy screenplays
which to hang broad , mildly fleshed-out characters that seem to have been conjured up only 10 minutes prior to filming
while engaging in such silliness as that snake-down-the-throat business and the inevitable shot of Schwarzenegger
while cleverly worked out , can not overcome blah characters
at all clear what it 's trying to say and even if it were -- I doubt it
of mindless pace in collision
A gob of drivel so sickly sweet , even the eager consumers of Moore 's pasteurized ditties will retch it up like rancid crème brûlée .
A gob
A gimmick in search of a movie : how to get Carvey into as many silly costumes and deliver as many silly voices as possible ,
A gimmick
oodles of vulgar
only the most patient and challenge-hungry moviegoers
, it 's a bargain-basement European pickup .
Zoe Clarke-Williams 's lackluster thriller '' New Best Friend '' , who needs enemies
be both an asset and a detriment . Those who trek to the ` plex predisposed to like it probably will enjoy themselves . But ticket-buyers with great expectations will wind up as glum as Mr . De Niro
Zoe Clarke-Williams 's lackluster thriller '' New Best Friend ''
Zoe Clarke-Williams 's lackluster thriller '' New Best Friend '' ,
This is a movie so insecure about its capacity to excite that it churns up not one but two flagrantly fake thunderstorms to underscore the action .
acting horribly
to include every top-notch British actor who did not appear in Gosford Park ( as well as one , Ms. Mirren , who did )
works so well for the first 89 minutes , but ends so horrendously confusing
Nothing Denis has made before , like Beau Travil and Nenette et Boni , could prepare us for this gory , perverted , sex-soaked riff on the cannibal genre .
Not so much
Not so much a movie as a picture book for the big screen . This is n't my favorite in the series , still
a difficult time shaking its blair witch project real-time roots
a dim-witted
a didactic and dull documentary glorifying software anarchy
a didactic and dull documentary glorifying software anarchy .
a difficult time
a didactic and dull
a didactic and dull documentary
a didactic and dull documentary glorifying
a didactic and dull documentary glorifying software
at britney spears ' movie-starring debut
were made by a highly gifted 12-year-old instead of a grown man
were as claustrophic , suffocating and chilly as the attics to which they were inevitably consigned
were imposed for the sake of commercial sensibilities
went to see the attraction for the sole reason that it was hot outside and there was air conditioning inside
redundant to say so
about an unsympathetic character and someone who would not likely be so stupid as to get
a man who has little clue about either the nature of women or of friendship
soullessness
soulless jumble
soulless .
invest such subtlety and warmth in an animatronic bear when the humans are acting like puppets
Quitting , however , manages just to be depressing , as the lead actor phones in his autobiographical performance .
to totally suspend disbelief
have come to term an `` ambitious failure
have come from a Xerox machine rather than ( writer-director ) Franc
have been written using Mad-libs
lower I.Q.
: We need kidnapping suspense dramas right now like we need doomsday thrillers .
ludicrous and
lucratively engaged in the shameless self-caricature of ` Analyze This ' ( 1999 ) and ` Analyze That , ' promised ( or threatened ) for later this year
what is missing from it all is a moral . What is the filmmakers ' point ? Why did they deem it necessary to document all this emotional misery
what happened in 1915 Armenia ? No . And that is where Ararat went astray
what happens when lack of know-how mixes with lack of give-a-damn
Let 's see , a haunted house , a haunted ship , what 's next ... Ghost Blimp ?
Less than fresh .
Let 's hope -- shall we
Let 's see , a haunted house , a haunted ship , what 's next
the video he took of the family vacation to Stonehenge . Before long , you 're desperate for the evening to end
the very special type of badness that is Deuces Wild
the viewer 's patience with slow pacing and
the viewer 's patience
it 's been hyped to be because it plays everything too safe
like '' si , pretty much '' and '' por favor , go home '' when talking to Americans . That 's muy loco , but no more ridiculous than most of the rest of '' Dragonfly
like '' si , pretty much '' and '' por favor , go home '' when talking to Americans . That 's muy loco , but no more ridiculous than most of the rest
like '' si , pretty much '' and '' por favor , go home '' when talking to Americans . That 's muy loco , but no more ridiculous than most of
like . Why '' they '' were here and what '' they '' wanted and quite honestly , I did n't care
shows its indie tatters and self-conscious seams in places
like Ballistic : Ecks vs . Sever , were made for the palm screen
shows its indie tatters and self-conscious seams
near-miss .
nearly as dreadful as expected
wish that the movie had worked a little harder to conceal its contrivances
nearly every cliché
unsympathetic hero
unsuspenseful when it tries to make us jump out of our seats
It 's mildly sentimental , unabashedly consumerist ... studiously inoffensive and completely disposable .
It 's lost the politics and the social observation and become just another situation romance about a couple of saps stuck in an inarticulate screenplay .
It 's like a drive-by . You can drive right by it without noticing anything special , save for a few comic turns , intended and otherwise .
It 's like a drive-by .
It 's kind of sad that so many people put so much time and energy into this turkey .
It 's just weirdness for the sake of weirdness , and where Human Nature should be ingratiating , it 's just grating .
It 's just weirdness for the sake of weirdness , and where Human Nature should be ingratiating , it 's just grating
It 's just weirdness for the sake of weirdness , and
It 's a Wonderful Life marathons and bored
thriller remarkable only for its lack of logic and misuse of two fine actors , Morgan Freeman and Ashley Judd
makes sense , with its unbelievable naïveté and arbitrary flashbacks
the damned for perpetrating Patch Adams
that is impossible to care about and is n't very funny
that is listless , witless , and devoid of anything resembling humor
is n't so much bad as it is bland .
just as frightening and disturbing --
is n't really good enough to be on afternoon TV
is n't so much bad as it is bland
is n't smart
is n't scary
A subject like this should inspire reaction in its audience ; The Pianist does not
A subject like this should inspire reaction in its audience ; The Pianist does not .
that ends with Truckzilla , for cryin ' out loud . If that does n't clue you in that something 's horribly wrong , nothing will
spinning as best he can , but all the bouncing back and forth ca n't help but become a bit tedious
seem like such a bore
knockoff
is so often nearly nothing
is so film-culture referential that the final product is a ghost
is so film-culture referential that the final product is a ghost .
is any real psychological grounding for the teens ' deviant behaviour . Being latently gay and liking to read are hardly enough .
that this is Revenge Of The Nerds Revisited
's hard to care about a film that proposes as epic tragedy the plight of a callow rich boy who is forced to choose between his beautiful , self-satisfied 22-year-old girlfriend and an equally beautiful , self-satisfied 18-year-old mistress .
are cloaked in gross-out gags
's got to be a more graceful way of portraying the devastation of this disease .
's hard to believe that something so short could be so flabby
are cloaked in gross-out gags .
's get this thing over with
wincing back in repugnance
wilts after awhile
wilts
wilt
too-tepid biopic
too-tepid
too slowly
is , truly and thankfully , a one-of-a-kind work
The Movie is what happens when you blow up small potatoes to 10 times their natural size , and
starts to smack of a Hallmark Hall of Fame , with a few four letter words thrown in that are generally not heard on television
starts to smack of a Hallmark Hall of Fame , with a few four letter words thrown in that are generally not heard on television .
starving and
starving and untalented
states at one point in this movie that we '' do n't care about the truth
wildly overproduced , inadequately motivated every step of the way
head cutter
might be some sort of credible gender-provoking philosophy submerged here , but who the hell cares
might be some sort of credible gender-provoking philosophy submerged here , but who the hell cares ?
The Movie is what happens when you blow up small potatoes to 10 times their natural size
classicism or be exasperated by a noticeable lack of pace . Or both
miniscule little bleep
worked against the maker 's minimalist intent
The Irwins ' scenes are fascinating ; the movie as a whole is cheap junk and an insult to their death-defying efforts
The Irwins ' scenes are fascinating ; the movie as a whole is cheap junk and an insult to their death-defying efforts .
bad , he 's really bad ,
bad , he 's really bad , and
bad , he 's really bad , and Femme Fatale ranks with the worst
bad .
bad , but
bad , embarrassing movie
bad , he 's really bad
bad . Not ` terrible filmmaking ' bad , but more like
hurts the overall impact of the film
hurts
is n't talking a talk that appeals to me
hurried , badly cobbled look
cut open a vein
the plotting here leaves a lot to be desired
is n't really one of resources
somber , absurd , and , finally ,
somber , absurd , and
somber , absurd ,
the exxon zone
drowned out by director Jon Purdy 's sledgehammer sap
drown a viewer in boredom than to send any shivers down his spine
drown a viewer in boredom
drown yourself in a lake afterwards
drown yourself in a lake
drown yourself
the plot holes are big enough for a train car to drive through -- if Kaos had n't blown them all up
's the real damn : It is n't funny , either
exceedingly hard
Soul is what 's lacking in every character in this movie and , subsequently , the movie itself .
Sounding like Arnold Schwarzenegger , with a physique to match , ( Ahola ) has a wooden delivery and encounters a substantial arc of change that does n't produce any real transformation .
offensive , waste of time , money and celluloid
Proves a lovely trifle that , unfortunately , is a little too in love with its own cuteness
offensive and redundant
sequel that 's much too big for its britches .
offer any insights that have n't been thoroughly debated in the media already , back in the Dahmer heyday of the mid - '90s
with its leaden acting , dull exposition and telegraphed ` surprises
with literally bruising jokes . Every five minutes or so , someone
I wish I could say `` Thank God It 's Friday '' , but the truth of the matter is I was glad when it was over
I wish I could say `` Thank God It 's Friday '' , but the truth of the matter is I was glad when it was over .
I wish I could say `` Thank God It 's Friday '' ,
I wish I could say `` Thank God It 's Friday '' , but
I wasted 123 minutes and $ 9.50 on this 21st century
I wish I could say `` Thank God It 's Friday ''
The film is like a series of beginnings and middles that never take off .
The film is really closer to porn than a serious critique of what 's wrong with this increasingly pervasive aspect of gay culture .
The film is really not so much bad as bland .
The film lapses
The film lapses too often into sugary sentiment and withholds delivery on the pell-mell pyrotechnics its punchy style promises .
The film makes a fatal mistake
The film makes a fatal mistake : It asks us to care about a young man whose only apparent virtue is that he is not quite as unpleasant as some of the people in his life
said plenty
sincere mess
a hollow joke
a hollow
a horror
relegated
made him bitter and less mature
lactating hippie
lacks visual flair .
Alarms for Duvall 's throbbing sincerity and his elderly propensity for patting people while he talks
to blow it
we 've seen ( Eddie ) Murphy do the genial-rogue shtick to death , but because the plot is equally hackneyed
Elling and Kjell Bjarne become symbolic characters whose actions are supposed to relate something about the naïf 's encounter with the world .
next movie
ho-hum all the way
if the video is n't back at Blockbuster before midnight , you 're going to face frightening late fees
if the concept is a poor one , there 's no saving the movie
if the director is trying to dupe the viewer into taking it all as Very Important simply because the movie is ugly to look at and not a Hollywood product
if the enticing prospect of a lot of nubile young actors in a film about campus depravity did n't fade amid the deliberate , tiresome ugliness
that wo n't win many fans over the age of 12
that will upset or frighten young viewers
that wore out its welcome with audiences several years ago
that works against itself
that would have been better off staying on the festival circuit
) becomes more specimen than character
ho-hum all the way through
stranded
straight to video
Nothing more or less than an outright bodice-ripper -- it should have ditched the artsy pretensions and revelled in the entertaining shallows .
Nothing more or less than an outright bodice-ripper
Nothing in Waking Up in Reno ever inspired me to think of its inhabitants as anything more than markers in a screenplay .
Nothing debases a concept comedy quite like the grinding of bad ideas , and Showtime is crammed full of them .
Nothing debases a concept comedy quite like the grinding of bad ideas , and
The Grey Zone attempts to be grandiloquent , but ends up merely pretentious -- in a grisly sort of way .
Nothing more than a mediocre trifle
is n't one moment in the film that surprises or delights
is n't one moment in the film that surprises or delights .
is n't necessarily an admirable storyteller
is n't necessarily an admirable storyteller .
many of us have not yet recovered
many of the condescending stereotypes that so often plague films dealing with the mentally ill
many of these guys are less than adorable
with more holes than Clyde Barrow 's car
Waydowntown is by no means a perfect film
Watching Haneke 's film is , aptly enough , a challenge and a punishment .
, and it 's directed by ... Neil LaBute . Hmm .
Re-Fried
Re-Fried Green Tomatoes
Philip K. Dick must be turning in his grave , along with my stomach .
dingy
saw juwanna mann so you do n't have to
Brits behaving badly , watch Snatch again .
a big middle-fingered
with every mournful composition
unmistakable and hard
may as well be called '' Jar-Jar Binks
may be galled that you 've wasted nearly two hours of your own precious life with this silly little puddle of a movie
may be convinced that he has something significant to say
may be his way of saying that piffle is all that the airhead movie business deserves from him right now
may be galled that you 've wasted nearly two hours of your own precious life with this silly little puddle of a movie .
a bit smug and
is messy , murky , unsatisfying .
more than a whiff of exploitation
more than a tepid
more than a tepid exercise in
fail
failed
failed connections
an Ikea world
is molto superficiale
is more a case of ` Sacre bleu ! ' than ` Magnifique '
it 's nowhere near as good as the original .
it 's no classic
it 's never as solid as you want it to be
it 's not an easy movie to watch and will probably disturb many who see it
it 's not a brilliant piece of filmmaking
gooeyness
him this year 's Razzie
scam
struts about with '' courage '' pinned to its huckster lapel while a yellow streak a mile wide decorates its back
stuck in an emotionally unavailable rut
stuck with for two hours
stuck trying to light a fire with soggy leaves
, the journey does n't really go anywhere .
, the more details slip out between his fingers .
i did n't laugh at the ongoing efforts of cube
i did n't laugh at the ongoing efforts of cube ,
i could just skip it
i did n't laugh at the ongoing efforts of cube , and his skinny buddy mike epps , to make like laurel and hardy 'n the hood .
i did n't laugh at the ongoing efforts of cube , and
i did n't laugh at the ongoing efforts of cube , and his skinny buddy mike epps , to make like laurel and hardy 'n the hood
typical junkie opera
The biggest problem with Roger Avary 's uproar against the MPAA
The big-screen Scooby makes the silly original cartoon seem smart and well-crafted in comparison .
were more repulsive than the first 30 or 40 minutes
wonder about changing the director and writer 's diapers
to be a bit of a cheat in the end
more time appears to have gone into recruiting the right bands for the playlist and the costuming of the stars than into the script , which has a handful of smart jokes and not much else .
Godard 's ode to tackling life 's wonderment is a rambling and incoherent manifesto about the vagueness of topical excess
is a big time stinker
is a cinematic car wreck , a catastrophic collision of tastelessness and gall that nevertheless will leave fans clamoring for another ride
more than it does cathartic truth telling
moore 's attempts at whimsy and spoon feeding
's not trying to laugh at how bad
minority report
enters the pantheon of wreckage that includes Battlefield Earth and Showgirls
with its crass marketing
with its many out-sized , out of character and logically porous action set
wearisome
wearing low-cut gowns , not making snappy comebacks
long-on-the-shelf
and lesbian children
like some weird masterpiece theater sketch
like the world of his film , hartley created a monster but did n't know how to handle it
like the world of his film , hartley created a monster but did n't know how to handle it .
like they 've been patched in from an episode of miami vice
the Police Academy series
The movie is loaded with good intentions , but in his zeal to squeeze the action and our emotions into the all-too-familiar dramatic arc of the Holocaust escape story , Minac drains his movie of all individuality .
The movie is so contrived , nonsensical and formulaic that , come to think of it , the day-old shelf would be a more appropriate location to store it .
The movie is loaded with good intentions , but in his zeal to squeeze the action and our emotions into the all-too-familiar dramatic arc of the Holocaust escape story , Minac drains his movie of all individuality
The movie keeps coming back to the achingly unfunny Phonce and his several silly subplots .
The movie starts with a legend and ends with a story that is so far-fetched it would be impossible to believe if it were n't true .
doubt it
's not like having a real film of Nijinsky
's not much to Fatale , outside of its stylish surprises
for it would have felt like a cheat
a letdown if its twists and turns hold no more surprise than yesterday 's weather report
a letdown
a lesser Harrison Ford movie - Six Days
a lesser Harrison Ford movie -
The Ya-Ya 's have many secrets and one is - the books are better
On top of a foundering performance
curious to note that this film , like the similarly ill-timed Antitrust , is easily as bad at a fraction the budget
curiously , he waters it down , turning grit and vulnerability into light reading
The action clichés
be complaining when a film clocks in around 90 minutes these days
be crossed off the list of ideas for the inevitable future sequels ( hey , do n't shoot the messenger )
A hit - and-miss affair , consistently amusing but not as outrageous or funny as Cho may have intended or as imaginative as one might have hoped .
A collage of clichés and a dim echo of allusions to other films .
all by stuffing himself into an electric pencil sharpener
all bluster
all awkward , static , and lifeless rumblings
all awkward , static
all awkward ,
Vague
Uzumaki 's interesting social parallel and defiant aesthetic seems a prostituted muse ...
from the cutting-room floor of any given daytime soap
down the reality drain
down to mediocrity
down over 140 minutes
down badly as we absorb Jia 's moody , bad-boy behavior which he portrays himself in a one-note performance .
down badly as we
doubtful this listless feature will win him any new viewers
down badly
tosses around sex toys and offers half-hearted paeans to empowerment that are repeatedly undercut by the brutality of the jokes , most at women 's expense
exhaustingly contrived
exhaustingly
exhausted , desiccated talent
exercise in narcissism and self-congratulation disguised as a tribute .
exercise in narcissism and self-congratulation disguised as a tribute
exercise in formula crash-and-bash action
a been-there ,
a beautifully shot , but ultimately flawed film about growing up in Japan
a been-there , done-that sameness
to blast even the smallest sensitivities from the romance with his clamorous approach
Skip this dreck , rent Animal House and go back to the source
Skip this dreck , rent Animal House and go back to the source .
Skip this dreck , rent Animal House
Skip this dreck , rent Animal House and
Skip this dreck
Skip this dreck ,
Slapstick buffoonery can tickle many a preschooler 's fancy , but when it costs a family of four about $ 40 to see a film in theaters , why spend money on a dog like this when you can rent a pedigree instead ?
dumb comedy
dumb drug jokes
should be relegated to a dark video store corner
should be punishable by chainsaw
dull moment
dullest
dullest tangents
rage and alienation
rail against the ongoing - and unprecedented - construction project going on over our heads .
Orwell 's dark , intelligent warning cry
Originality is sorely lacking .
to have been made under the influence of Rohypnol
Lacks the inspiration of the original and has a bloated plot that stretches the running time about 10 minutes past a child 's interest and an adult 's patience . But it also has many of the things that made the first one charming
Lacks the inspiration of the original and has a bloated plot that stretches the running time about 10 minutes past a child 's interest and an adult 's patience . But
Lacks the inspiration of the original and has a bloated plot that stretches the running time about 10 minutes past a child 's interest and an adult 's patience .
Lacks
Lacks the inspiration of the original and has a bloated plot that stretches the running time about 10 minutes past a child 's interest and an adult 's patience . But it also has many of the things that made the first one charming .
drags on so interminably it 's like watching a miserable relationship unfold in real time .
drain
drags on becoming boring and predictable
drags on so interminably it 's like watching a miserable relationship unfold in real time
drags on
drag gags
the real issues tucked between the silly and crude storyline
drain all the film of its energy
vicious and absurd
around his screenplay 's sappier elements
eye-rolling moments
sabotage
rush through
Steven Soderbergh does n't remake Andrei Tarkovsky 's Solaris so much as distill it .
It 's the kind of movie that ends up festooning U.S. art house screens for no reason other than the fact that it 's in French ( well , mostly ) with English subtitles and is magically ` significant ' because of that .
It 's that painful .
It 's sweet and fluffy at the time , but it may leave you feeling a little sticky and unsatisfied .
It 's too harsh to work as a piece of storytelling
It 's too bad that the helping hand he uses to stir his ingredients is also a heavy one .
, I 'm behaving like an idiot ! ''
, I do n't see the point
, I did n't care .
, I can tell you that there 's no other reason why anyone should bother remembering it .
's getting harder and harder to ignore the fact that Hollywood is n't laughing with us , folks . It 's laughing at us
's getting harder and harder to ignore the fact that Hollywood is n't laughing with us , folks . It 's laughing at us .
's fun , but a psychological mess , with Austin Powers bumping his head on the way out of the closet
's full of throwaway one-liners , not-quite jokes , and a determined TV amiability
's full of throwaway one-liners , not-quite jokes , and a determined TV amiability that Allen personifies .
arrest development in a dead-end existence
bloody
yet hardly memorable
yet lacking about everything
yet with a distinctly musty odour , its expiry date long gone
you 'd expect -- but nothing more
you 'd grab your kids and run and then probably call the police .
It can not be enjoyed , even on the level that one enjoys a bad slasher flick , primarily because it is dull . Yes , dull .
It ca n't decide if it wants to be a mystery\/thriller , a romance or a comedy .
It becomes gimmicky instead of compelling . '' Interview '' loses its overall sense of mystery and becomes a TV episode rather than a documentary that you actually buy into
It becomes gimmicky instead of compelling . ''
It asks us to care about a young man whose only apparent virtue is that he is not quite as unpleasant as some of the people in his life
It appears that something has been lost in the translation to the screen .
It becomes gimmicky instead of compelling .
It becomes gimmicky instead of compelling
has intentionally left college or was killed
that he forgets to make it entertaining
worked this hard to achieve this little fun
photographed like a film , with the bad lighting that 's often written off as indie film naturalism
stupidest , most insulting movie
will be adequately served by the movie 's sophomoric blend of shenanigans and slapstick , although the more lascivious-minded might be disappointed in the relative modesty of a movie that sports a ` topless tutorial service . '
PR hype
PG-13-rated piffle
lurks just below the proceedings and
in a bad-movie way
sometimes bad
sometimes bad choices
sometimes gross
the entirety of the film in a coma
is not first-rate
is not an easy film .
is not as terrible as the synergistic impulse that created it
Possession is in the end an honorable , interesting failure . It falls far short of poetry , but it 's not bad prose
Possession is in the end an honorable , interesting failure . It falls far short of poetry
Pootie Tang with a budget
would be great to see this turd squashed under a truck , preferably a semi
would be great to see this turd squashed under a truck , preferably a semi .
would be hard to think of a recent movie that has worked this hard to achieve this little fun
of cookie-cutter action scenes
of control on a long patch of black ice
of course , barely begins to describe the plot and its complications .
of crap
the bad
will be all too familiar for anyone who 's seen George Roy Hill 's 1973 film , '' The Sting
this is a watchable movie that 's not quite the memorable experience it might have been .
none of the crackle of '' Fatal Attraction '' , '' 9 1\/2 Weeks '' , or
A few pieces of the film buzz and whir ; very little of it actually clicks .
A fifty car pileup of cliches
A fifty car pileup
scripted
breaking glass and marking off the `` Miami Vice '' checklist of power boats , Latin music and dog tracks
scum
scrutinize
scuzzy underbelly
high-strung but flaccid drama
highbrow , low-key , 102-minute infomercial
highly predictable
highly predictable narrative
will be best appreciated by those willing to endure its extremely languorous rhythms , Waiting for Happiness
that seem to have been conjured up only 10 minutes prior to filming
that seem simply an ill fit
that screams out ` amateur ' in almost every frame
that same option to slap her creators because they 're clueless and inept
that refuses to develop an energy level
that reek of a script rewrite designed to garner the film a '' cooler '' PG-13 rating
an old and scary one
catches the chaotic horror of war , but why bother if you 're going to subjugate truth to the tear-jerking demands of soap opera ?
catches the chaotic horror of war , but why bother if you 're going to subjugate truth to the tear-jerking demands of soap opera
caught up in the rush of slapstick thoroughfare
caught the gum stuck under my seat trying to sneak out of the theater
A flawed film
one of Latin America 's most oppressive regimes
one man and his delusions
fairly predictable psychological thriller
fairly dull
fairly terrible movie
faithful to the doldrums of the not-quite-urban , not-quite-suburban milieu as to have viewers recoiling from the reality check .
fake backdrops
It has the ability to offend and put off everyone ,
It has the ability to offend and put off everyone , but
It has the ability to offend and put off everyone
it 's more of the ` laughing at ' variety than the ` laughing with
it 's not very well shot or composed or edited
a travesty
a travesty of a transvestite comedy
a trend
a trifle
leaves no Southern stereotype unturned
leaves a bad taste , not only because of its bad-luck timing , but also the staleness of its script .
leaves a hole in the center of The Salton Sea
leaves no cliche unturned
leaves no cliche unturned ,
this `` un-bear-able '' project
this bad on purpose
this a diss
are on the loose ! Run for your lives !
are on the loose ! Run for your lives
are nowhere near as vivid as the 19th-century ones
are paper-thin , and their personalities undergo radical changes when it suits the script .
are paper-thin , and their personalities undergo radical changes when it suits the script
with a contemptible imitator starring a `` SNL '' has-been acting like an 8-year-old channeling Roberto Benigni
corny conventions
corruption and
corruption
corruption and ruthlessness
empty exercise
It 's got some pretentious eye-rolling moments and it did n't entirely grab me ,
It 's got some pretentious eye-rolling moments and it did n't entirely grab me , but
It 's got some pretentious eye-rolling moments and
It 's got some pretentious eye-rolling moments and it did n't entirely grab me
more compelling excuse to pair Susan Sarandon and Goldie Hawn
's far too slight and introspective to appeal to anything wider than a niche audience .
's far too slight and introspective to appeal to anything wider than a niche audience
the dehumanizing and ego-destroying process
all the complexity and realistic human behavior of an episode of General Hospital
please those who love movies that blare with pop songs
Dumb
dullingly repetitive
dulls
dullest kiddie flicks
dullingly
dull spots
dull with only Caine
dumb , insulting , or childish
dumb down
some problems
some pretentious eye-rolling moments
the maddening and
some of the discomfort and embarrassment of being a bumbling American in Europe
unnecessary films
the audience than Jar Jar Binks , Scrappy Doo and Scooby Dumb
the audience to fidget through ten pseudo-serious minutes while waiting for the ending credits and the deleted scenes montage to break the audience 's awkward silence
Below may not mark Mr. Twohy 's emergence into the mainstream ,
Before long , you 're desperate for the evening to end .
Behind the glitz , Hollywood is sordid and disgusting .
Being author Wells ' great-grandson , you 'd think filmmaker Simon Wells would have more reverence for the material .
to sleep or bewildered by the artsy and often pointless visuals
the wrong things
to slowtime
to sort the bad guys from the good , which is its essential problem
What the director ca n't do
What should have been a painless time-killer
What they see in each other also is difficult to fathom .
, though many of the actors throw off a spark or two when they first appear , they ca n't generate enough heat in this cold vacuum of a comedy to start a reaction .
, though , it is only mildly amusing when it could have been so much more
, this thriller is too loud and thoroughly overbearing
, this too-long , spoofy update of Shakespeare 's Macbeth does n't sustain a high enough level of invention .
threatening as the Snuggle Fabric Softener bear
generates little narrative momentum , and invites unflattering comparisons to other installments in the Ryan series .
generates little narrative momentum , and invites unflattering comparisons to other installments in the Ryan series
generates little narrative momentum
generates by orchestrating a finale that is impenetrable and dull
generates little narrative momentum , and
generates little narrative momentum ,
generates plot points with a degree of randomness usually achieved only by lottery drawing .
a rain coat shopping for cheap porn
a rambling and incoherent manifesto
a rambling and incoherent manifesto about the vagueness of topical excess
a rather bland
a rather bland affair .
a rather poor imitation
a rather thin moral
but the material never overcomes its questionable satirical ambivalence .
wind to blow it uphill
but the movie has a tougher time balancing its violence with Kafka-inspired philosophy
seems embarrassed to be part of
RINGU
rhetorical excess and blatant sentimentality
Drives for the same kind of bittersweet , conciliatory tone that Three Seasons achieved but loses its way in rhetorical excess and blatant sentimentality
edits around his screenplay 's sappier elements
A very long movie , dull in stretches ,
A very long movie ,
awful acts
A very depressing movie of many missed opportunities .
A very depressing movie of many
locked in an ongoing game of cat-and-cat .
A very average science fiction film .
of hollow despair
of horror and revenge
A minor-league soccer remake of The Longest Yard .
A minor-league soccer remake
A mediocre exercise in target demographics , unaware that it 's the butt of its own joke .
Suffers from a lack of clarity and audacity that a subject as monstrous and pathetic as Dahmer demands .
Suffers from a lack of clarity and audacity that a subject as monstrous and pathetic as Dahmer
blacken that organ with cold vengefulness
near virtuosity in its crapulence
nearly breaks its little neck trying to perform entertaining tricks
profanity and violence
profanities
( Clooney 's ) debut can be accused of being a bit undisciplined ,
( Clooney 's ) debut can be accused of being a bit undisciplined , but
( Clooney 's ) debut can be accused of being a bit undisciplined
( A ) mess .
( A ) slummer .
frightening late fees
if a bit draggy at times
idiocy
free to go get popcorn whenever he 's not onscreen
freshened up by the dunce of a Screenwriting
wrestle disbelief to the ground and then apply the chloroform-soaked handkerchief
It 's a glorified sitcom , and a long , unfunny one at that .
half-baked setups
half-baked
half-dimensional characters
half-baked setups and sluggish pacing
half-baked setups and
guns , cheatfully filmed martial arts
ludicrous film
lower-wit
lowly studio hack
by focusing on the story 's least interesting subject
There are n't many conclusive answers in the film
by having the evil aliens ' laser guns actually hit something for once
There are n't many conclusive answers in the film ,
There are n't many conclusive answers in the film , but
insultingly innocuous
he croaks
he defecates in bed
he does not give the transcendent performance SONNY needs to overcome gaps in character development and story logic
he falls about ten feet onto his head
he feels like a spectator and not a participant
the movie dragged on
the movie does n't quite fly
though the picture strains to become cinematic poetry , it remains depressingly prosaic and dull
store for unwary viewers
the movie 's narrative hook is way too muddled to be an effectively chilling guilty pleasure .
get more depressed
get me down .
get ready to take off ... the other direction
technology-of-the-moment technique or pretentious dialogue
technique or pretentious dialogue
its gags
its gags and observations
make up its mind whether it wants to be a gangster flick or an art film
beyond good hair and humping
on the title of ugliest movie of the year
otherwise drowns in a sea of visual and verbal clichés
and unsatisfying
and violent
the consequences
... the kind of movie you see because the theater has air conditioning .
... the movie is too heady for children , and too preachy for adults .
... the drama is finally too predictable to leave much of an impression .
terrorism anxieties
terrorism
hardhearted Scrooge
harrowing and painful
you 're an absolute raving Star Wars junkie
poo .
the characters never seem to match the power of their surroundings .
the characters inhabit that special annex of hell where adults behave like kids , children behave like adults and everyone
is n't an ounce of honest poetry in his entire script
is n't breaking new ground
is n't especially realistic
is n't even a movie
is n't exactly endearing
its oh-so-Hollywood rejiggering and
act a lick
careless and
acted , blandly directed , and
innuendo
valiantly struggled to remain interested , or at least conscious
is n't the most transporting or gripping film from Iran -- or , indeed ,
is n't the most transporting or gripping film from Iran -- or , indeed
that a few of the characters act in ways that real people would n't
to disguise its excrescence until just after ( or during ) consumption of its second half
most ordinary
a tedious picture
most late-night bull
most late-night bull sessions
If there 's no art here
As a tolerable diversion , the film suffices ;
let slip the dogs of cheese , indeed
with indoctrinated prejudice
hoary dialogue , fluxing accents , and -- worst of all -- silly-looking Morlocks
with green 's half-hearted movie career
overwhelmed by predictability
let down
overstuffed , erratic dramedy
overstuffed compendium
hoary dialogue , fluxing accents
overwhelms what could have been a more multifaceted look at this interesting time and place
overwhelms what could have been a more multifaceted look at this interesting time and place .
a foundering performance
Grating and tedious .
remains to be seen whether Statham can move beyond the crime-land action genre , but then again
leaden
least
left an acrid test in this gourmet 's mouth
left an acrid test
Contrived , awkward and filled with unintended laughs , the film shows signs that someone other than the director got into the editing room and tried to improve things by making the movie go faster .
's Pauly Shore awful . Do n't say you were n't warned
Get in the car , bitch ,
utterly pointless
are cheesy backdrops , ridiculous action sequences , and many tired jokes about men in heels
are cast adrift in various New York City locations with no unifying rhythm or visual style
are both Oscar winners , a fact which , as you watch them clumsily mugging their way through Snow Dogs , seems inconceivable
are clinically depressed
on Max when he should be filling the screen with this tortured , dull artist and monster-in-the
preprogrammed feel
Thriller directorial debut for Traffic scribe Gaghan has all the right parts , but the pieces do n't quite fit together
What 's next ? D . J . Qualls as Indiana Jones ? Or Tom Green as Han Solo ?
What 's missing is what we call the ` wow ' factor .
What 's needed so badly but what is virtually absent here is either a saving dark humor or the feel of poetic tragedy .
What 's next : '' My Mother the Car
seems the film should instead be called ` My Husband Is Travis Bickle '
seems to be about everything that 's plaguing the human spirit in a relentlessly globalizing world
and unsettling subject matter
and ultimately the victim )
corny dialogue and preposterous moments
corny television
's Pauly Shore awful .
's Pauly Shore awful
Remember back when thrillers actually thrilled ? When the twist endings were actually surprising ? When the violence actually shocked ? When the heroes were actually under 40
Releasing a film with the word ` dog ' in its title in January lends itself to easy jokes and insults
Releasing a film with the word ` dog ' in its title in January lends itself to easy jokes and insults , and Snow Dogs deserves every single one of them .
Releasing a film with the word ` dog ' in its title in January lends itself to easy jokes and insults , and Snow Dogs deserves every single one of them
Releasing a film with the word ` dog ' in its title in January lends itself to easy jokes and insults , and
Releasing a film with the word ` dog ' in its title in January lends itself to easy jokes and insults ,
be quirky or bleak
memories of cheesy old Godzilla flicks
the stomach-turning violence
recycle images and characters that were already tired 10 years ago
recycled plot
recycled and dumbed-down version
for it other than its exploitive array of obligatory cheap
it seems like a minor miracle that its septuagenarian star is young enough to be the nonagenarian filmmaker 's son , more incredible
a listless climb down the social ladder
Janice 's behavior
, is nothing new
, is insufficiently enlightening and inviting
, it 's ... like a series of pretentiously awful student films strung together into one feature-length horror .
, intentionally obscure and self-indulgent pictures
, intellectually and logistically a mess .
, is fighting whom here ? Ah , yes , that would be me : fighting off the urge to doze
, ironically , it becomes everything that the rather clumsy original was railing against
, it 's a bargain-basement European pickup . What 's hard to understand is why anybody picked it up . Wiser souls would have tactfully pretended not to see it and left it lying there
be prescribed than recommended -- as visually bland as a dentist 's waiting room , complete with soothing Muzak and a cushion of predictable narrative rhythms
be punishable by chainsaw
horrible '' and `` terrible
hormonal melodrama
Nothing more than an amiable but unfocused bagatelle that plays like a loosely-connected string of acting-workshop exercises .
Nothing more than an amiable but unfocused bagatelle that plays like a loosely-connected string of acting-workshop exercises
Just about everyone involved here seems to be coasting .
Just embarrassment and a vague sense of shame
Just embarrassment and a vague sense of shame .
red lights , a rattling noise
you exit the theater
always brooding
altogether creepy
although in reality they are not enough .
delete key
Like its script , which nurses plot holes gaping enough to pilot an entire Olympic swim team through
Like its script , which nurses plot holes gaping enough to pilot an entire Olympic swim team through , the characters in Swimfan seem motivated by nothing short of dull , brain-deadening hangover .
Like being invited to a classy dinner soiree and not knowing anyone
Like its title character , Esther Kahn is unusual but unfortunately also irritating .
Like leafing through an album of photos
sideshow
showtime is one of the hapless victims of the arrogant '' if we put together a wry white man and a chatty black man and give them guns , the movie will be funny '' syndrome .
showtime is one of the hapless victims of the arrogant '' if we put together a wry white man and a chatty black man and give them guns , the movie will be funny '' syndrome
showtime is n't particularly assaultive , but it can still make you feel that you never want to see another car chase , explosion or gunfight again .
mars an otherwise delightful comedy of errors
more simply intrusive
more like a mere excuse for the wan , thinly sketched story
more if it had just gone that one step further
more of a creaky `` Pretty Woman '' retread , with the emphasis on self-empowering schmaltz and big-wave surfing that gives pic its title an afterthought
more of the `` Queen '' and less of the `` Damned
There 's very little sense to what 's going on here
seem dispassionate
be galled that you 've wasted nearly two hours of your own precious life with this silly little puddle of a movie
seemingly a vehicle to showcase the canadian 's inane ramblings , stealing harvard is a smorgasbord of soliloquies about nothing delivered by the former mr .
seemingly a vehicle to showcase the canadian 's inane ramblings , stealing harvard is a smorgasbord of soliloquies about nothing delivered by the former mr . drew barrymore
pretentious and filled with subtext
go with this claustrophobic concept
go over the top and movies that do n't care about being stupid
After the first 10 minutes , which is worth seeing , the movie sinks into an abyss of clichés , depression and bad alternative music .
After several scenes of this tacky nonsense , you 'll be wistful for the testosterone-charged wizardry of Jerry Bruckheimer productions , especially because Half Past Dead is like The Rock on a Wal-Mart budget .
After several scenes of this tacky nonsense
After sitting through this sloppy , made-for-movie comedy special , it makes me wonder if Lawrence hates criticism so much that he refuses to evaluate his own work .
After sitting through this sloppy , made-for-movie comedy special
is both preposterous and thoroughly misogynistic
is by no means a perfect film
it is one that allows him to churn out one mediocre movie after another
dreary
dumb
dumbest
joyless
, a ready-made Eurotrash cult object .
trite , predictable rehash
, accompanying the stunt-hungry dimwits in a random series of collected gags , pranks , pratfalls , dares , injuries , etc .
the outdated swagger of a shameless ` 70s blaxploitation shuck-and-jive sitcom
Pay Nine Bucks for This
legally blonde and sweet home abomination , i mean ,
legally blonde and sweet home abomination , i mean , alabama
Painful to watch
Painful
that the answer is as conventional as can be
that the airhead movie business deserves from him right now
that ten bucks you 'd spend on a ticket ? Just send it to Cranky . We do n't get paid enough to sit through crap like this
that tells us nothing new
only are the film 's Sopranos gags incredibly dated and unfunny
one-sided theme
only a genius
You might want to take a reality check before you pay the full ticket price to see '' Simone , '' and consider a DVD rental instead .
You 'll get the enjoyable basic minimum . But not a whit more .
You 'll forget about it by Monday , though , and
You wo n't like Roger , but
allows nothing
almost humdrum approach
almost completely deadpan
preposterous
almost humdrum approach to character development
little cleavage
hitting your head on the theater seat
hitting your head
hitting your head on the theater seat in front of you when you doze off thirty minutes into the film
hitting your head on the theater seat in front of you
naked teenagers horror flick
naive dreams
nadir
Purely propaganda , a work of unabashed hero worship , it is nonetheless -- and likely inadvertently -- a timely and invaluable implicit reminder of the role that U . S . foreign policy has played in the rise of Castro .
Purely propaganda , a work of unabashed hero worship ,
The cold and dreary weather is a perfect metaphor for the movie itself , which contains few laughs and not much drama .
The comedy Death to Smoochy is a rancorous curiosity : a movie without an apparent audience .
The comedy is nonexistent .
The corpse count ultimately overrides what little we learn along the way about vicarious redemption .
The creaking , rusty ship
the needlessly poor quality of its archival prints and film footage .
to be bad
're hard up for raunchy college humor
the screenplay is callow
his wife look so bad in a major movie
his way of saying that piffle is all that the airhead movie business deserves from him right now
his women -- as dumb , credulous , unassuming , subordinate subjects .
this shocking testament to anti-Semitism and neo-fascism
Audiences are advised to sit near the back and squint to avoid noticing some truly egregious lip-non-synching ,
Audiences are advised to sit near the back and squint to avoid noticing some truly egregious lip-non-synching , but
and trumped-up street credibility
, from the incongruous but chemically
and utterly pointless
and unoriginal mess
you have a problem
Schneider is no Steve Martin
Schnieder bounces around with limp wrists , wearing tight tummy tops and hip huggers , twirling his hair on his finger and assuming that 's enough to sustain laughs ...
sacrificed for the sake of spectacle
for two crimes from which many of us have not yet recovered
often hackneyed or
often hackneyed or just plain
circularity itself indicated profundity
Schwentke were fulfilling a gross-out quota for an anticipated audience demographic instead of shaping the material to fit the story
often appear to be reading the lines and are incapable of conveying any emotion .
often appear to be reading the lines and
often feels unsure .
often hackneyed
often boring .
much interest in the elizabethans ( as well as rank frustration from those in the know about rubbo 's dumbed-down tactics
's no art here
much of a splash when it 's released , and will not be remembered long afterwards
'd probably turn it off , convinced that you had already seen that movie
'd probably turn it off , convinced that you had already seen that movie .
'd rather watch them on the Animal Planet
'd rather watch them on the Animal Planet .
crusty
buzz , blab and money
will probably feel emotionally cheated by the film 's tart , sugar-free wit
A cautionary tale about the folly of superficiality that is itself endlessly superficial .
A broad , melodramatic estrogen opera that
A broad , melodramatic estrogen opera that 's pretty toxic in its own right .
A bravura exercise in emptiness .
A broad , melodramatic estrogen opera
A by-the-numbers effort that wo n't
A by-the-numbers effort that wo n't do much to enhance the franchise .
It is supremely unfunny and unentertaining to watch middle-age and older men drink to excess , piss on trees , b . s . one another and put on a show in drag .
It is not the first time that director Sara Sugarman stoops to having characters drop their pants for laughs and not the last time she fails to provoke them .
It is messy , uncouth , incomprehensible , vicious and absurd .
has a monopoly on mindless action
has a number of holes
has a major release been so painful to sit through
has a major release been so painful to sit through .
a dull , ridiculous attempt
a dull , ridiculous attempt at heart-tugging
a dull , dour documentary on what ought to be a joyful or at least fascinating subject
a dull , pretentious version of Jesus ' Son
a dull , costumey feel
a dull , dour documentary
it accurately reflects the rage and alienation that fuels the self-destructiveness of many young people
it brings tears to your eyes
it 's truly awful and heartbreaking subject matter , but
conjures a Lynch-like vision of the rotting underbelly of Middle America
conjuring up a sinister , menacing atmosphere though unfortunately all the story gives us is flashing red lights , a rattling noise , and a bump on the head
Baran is n't the most transporting or gripping film from Iran -- or , indeed , by its director
a more rigid , Blair Witch-style commitment to its mockumentary format , or
old-movie idiosyncrasy
, overnight , is robbed and replaced with a persecuted `` other
an off-kilter , dark , vaguely disturbing way
While American Adobo has its heart ( and its palate ) in the right place , its brain is a little scattered -- ditsy , even .
While Hollywood Ending has its share of belly laughs ( including a knockout of a closing line ) , the movie winds up feeling like a great missed opportunity .
ends in a muddle
have more homosexual undertones than an Eddie Murphy film
have people walking out halfway through
revulsion
swill
above easy , cynical potshots at morally bankrupt characters
Amid the cliché and foreshadowing
Amid the shock and curiosity factors , the film is just a corny examination of a young actress trying to find her way .
Britney Spears ' phoniness
a barely adequate babysitter for older kids
( the kid 's ) just too bratty for sympathy , and as the film grows to its finale , his little changes
a barely adequate babysitter
fiascos
( the kid 's ) just too bratty for sympathy , and as the film grows to its finale
( the kid 's ) just too bratty for sympathy , and as the film grows to its finale ,
as a tolerable diversion , the film suffices ; a triumph , however , it is not .
as a two-way time-switching myopic mystery that stalls in its lackluster gear of emotional blandness
Has enough gun battles and throwaway humor to cover up the yawning chasm where the plot should be
Has enough gun battles and throwaway humor to cover up the yawning chasm where the plot should be .
does n't quite know how to fill a frame .
does n't pop Reese back .
does n't quite know how to fill a frame
does n't so much phone in his performance as fax it
does n't so much phone in his performance as fax it .
does n't really know or care about the characters , and uses them as markers for a series of preordained events .
does n't so much phone in his performance as
does n't use ( Monsoon Wedding ) to lament the loss of culture .
does n't win any points for originality
at best , I 'm afraid .
at cheapening it
at a speed that is slow to those of us in middle age
of the other foul substances
of the painstaking
ugly and destructive little \*\*\*\*
ugly and destructive
ugh
typed ` Chris Rock , ' ` Anthony Hopkins ' and ` terrorists ' into some Univac-like script machine
ultimate collapse during the film 's final ( restored ) third
the tiresome rant of an aging filmmaker still thumbing his nose at convention
the tiresome rant
the tiniest segment of an already obscure demographic
merchandised-to-the-max
by all willing to make the effort to reap them
by no means a perfect film
by no means his best work
accused of being a bit undisciplined
no character
no character , loveable or otherwise
next to little insight
next to his best work , feels clumsy and convoluted
no earthly reason
no earthly reason other than money why this distinguished actor would stoop so low
no emotional pulse to Solaris
of a man we only know as an evil , monstrous lunatic
Just when you think you are making sense of it , something happens that tells you there is no sense .
Hardly a nuanced portrait
Hardly a nuanced portrait of a young woman 's breakdown , the film
waste viewers ' time
waste viewers ' time with a gobbler like this
wasted like DeNiro 's once promising career and the once grand Long Beach boardwalk
wasted a lot of their time ( including mine ) on something very inconsequential
wasted a lot of their time ( including mine ) on something very inconsequential .
wasted minutes of Sandler
wasted minutes of Sandler as the voice-over hero in Columbia Pictures ' perverse idea of an animated holiday movie
the bland animation
the bland animation and
it 's too grounded in the reality of its characters to go over the edge
it 's too long and too convoluted and
it 's too long and too convoluted and it ends in a muddle
it 's too long and too convoluted and it ends in a muddle .
it 's too long and unfocused .
it 's too slowly paced to be a thriller
the blanket statements and dime-store ruminations
describe as a castrated
say mean things and shoot a lot of bullets
derivative horror film
as it is unapologetically dumb
of nothing at the core of this slight coming-of-age\/coming-out tale
Opening up ' the play more has partly closed it down .
a dull girl ,
is n't funny
is n't exactly kiddie-friendly
is n't even Madonna 's Swept Away
is n't downright silly
Pretend like your SAT scores are below 120 and you might not notice the flaws
is n't funny , either
is n't funny ,
goes for sick and demented humor simply to do so . The movie
There 's no real reason to see it ,
goes nowhere and goes there very , very slowly
goes nowhere .
There 's no real reason to see it , and
who like explosions , sadism and seeing people beat each other to a pulp
goes on and on and on and on
who is too crazy to be interesting
It is ridiculous , of course ...
is tepid and tedious
is that , by the end , no one in the audience or the film seems to really care
is that , by the end , no one in the audience or the film seems to really care .
is that I ca n't remember a single name responsible for it
be probing why a guy with his talent ended up in a movie this bad
There 's not a fresh idea at the core of this tale .
There 's not a single jump-in-your-seat moment
There 's not a single jump-in-your-seat moment and
A party-hearty teen flick that scalds like acid .
can be a bit repetitive
that allows him to churn out one mediocre movie after another
has to contend with unpleasant characters , hit-and-miss performances and awkwardly staged scenes
has to recite bland police procedural details
obvious as telling a country skunk
obvious and lengthy
obvious , preposterous , the movie will likely set the cause of woman warriors back decades .
obvious directing
obvious cliches
addicted
add up to more than body count
are a little too big for her mouth
an uneasy mix
are advised to sit near the back and squint to avoid noticing some truly egregious lip-non-synching
an unendurable viewing experience
There 's an excellent 90-minute film here ; unfortunately , it runs for 170 .
Bottom-rung New Jack City wannabe .
There 's already been too many of these films
pungent
boiling water
merely indulges in the worst elements of all of them
merely indulges in the worst elements of all of them .
merely offensive
merely serves up a predictable , maudlin story that swipes heavily from Bambi and The Lion King
merely serves up a predictable , maudlin story that swipes heavily from Bambi and The Lion King ,
dubious human being
merely serves up a predictable , maudlin story that swipes heavily from Bambi and The Lion King , yet lacks the emotional resonance of either of those movies
merely serves up a predictable , maudlin story that swipes heavily from Bambi and The Lion King , yet lacks the emotional resonance of either of those movies .
merely very bad
clotted with heavy-handed symbolism , dime-store psychology and endless scenic shots that make 105 minutes seem twice as long
clotted
cluelessness
City by the Sea swings from one approach to the other , but in the end , it stays in formula -- which is a waste of De Niro , McDormand and the other good actors in the cast .
City by the Sea swings from one approach to the other , but in the end , it stays in formula -- which is a waste of De Niro , McDormand and the other good actors in the cast
The fight scenes are fun , but it grows tedious .
The fetid underbelly of fame has never looked uglier .
The fetid underbelly of fame
are unusual . But they do n't fit well together and neither is well told
are unusual . But they do n't fit well together and neither is well told .
are too obvious
are torpid and banal
on a faulty premise , one it follows into melodrama and silliness
flopping
runs for only 71 minutes and feels like three hours
runs from mildly unimpressive to despairingly awful
runs out of steam
runs out of steam after a half hour
runs out of steam after a half hour .
not big enough for us to worry about it causing significant harm and not smelly enough to bother despising
not by characters but by caricatures
not engaging
not enough to make this anything more than another big-budget bust
not entirely convincing about The Quiet American
not even Steven Spielberg would know how to do
turned out nearly 21\/2 hours of unfocused , excruciatingly tedious cinema that , half an hour in , starts making water torture seem appealing
a long shot
a little like chewing whale blubber
, the movie is remarkably dull with only Caine making much of an impression .
already obscure
melodramatic , Lifetime Channel-style anthology
drugs and winds up in an institution
drugs and winds up
dumb , distracted audience
... while Dark Water is n't a complete wash ( no pun intended ) , watched side-by-side with Ringu , it ultimately comes off as a pale successor .
... while each moment of this broken character study is rich in emotional texture , the journey does n't really go anywhere .
De Niro cries . You 'll cry for your money back .
The first mistake , I suspect , is casting Shatner as a legendary professor and Kunis as a brilliant college student -- where 's Pauly Shore as the rocket scientist ?
turns a blind eye
sketchy with actorish notations on the margin of acting
skewed melodrama
skid-row
Novak contemplates a heartland so overwhelmed by its lack of purpose that it seeks excitement in manufactured high drama .
curiously tepid and choppy recycling
curiously tepid and choppy recycling in which predictability is the only winner
, should n't the reality seem at least passably real ?
The narrator and the other characters try to convince us that acting transfigures Esther , but she 's never seen speaking on stage
The narrator and the other characters try to convince us that acting transfigures Esther , but
The narrator and the other characters try to convince us that acting transfigures Esther ,
The narrator and the other characters try to convince us that acting transfigures Esther
, haphazard theatrical release
Has a customarily jovial air but a deficit of flim-flam inventiveness .
rarely achieves its best
gets a bit heavy handed with his message at times , and
Insufferably
gets a bit heavy handed with his message at times , and has a visual flair that waxes poetic far too much for our taste .
gets a bit heavy handed with his message at times , and has a visual flair that waxes poetic far too much for our taste
Instead of accurately accounting a terrible true story , the film 's more determined to become the next Texas Chainsaw Massacre .
Hey Arnold ! The Movie could have been made 40 years ago , and parents ' appreciation of it may depend on whether they consider that a good thing .
gets added disdain for the fact that it is nearly impossible to look at or understand
gets added disdain for the fact
something needed to balance out the violence
, ( but ) there is n't much about K-19 that 's unique or memorable .
something of an impostor itself
a mess in a lot of ways
a mess
becomes lifeless and falls apart like a cheap lawn chair
prevents the proceedings
turns me into that annoying specimen of humanity that I usually dread encountering the most
turns into an ocean of trouble
lazy tearjerker that gives movies about ordinary folk a bad name
The bad sound ,
The bad sound , the lack of climax and , worst of all ,
the limits of what a film can be ,
that rare combination of bad writing , bad direction and bad acting -- the trifecta of badness
that puts another notch
is one reason it 's so lackluster .
is one of the biggest disappointments of the year
is one of the year 's worst cinematic tragedies .
is one of those art house films that makes you feel like you 're watching an iceberg melt -- only
is one of those films that requires the enemy to never shoot straight
is one of those films that requires the enemy to never shoot straight .
is one only a true believer could relish .
voice is rather unexceptional
becoming too cute about it
is off .
is nothing but boilerplate clichés from start to finish
is nothing new .
, but odd
-- and bad
inconsistent and ultimately unsatisfying drizzle
inconsistent and ultimately unsatisfying
inconceivable
incongruous summer playoff
inconclusive ending
inconsistent , meandering , and sometimes dry
inconsistent , dishonest
inconsistent and
inconsistent , meandering , and sometimes dry plot
codswallop
looking for a tale of Brits behaving badly
look smeary and blurry , to the point of distraction
loose , unaccountable
choppy
exactly why a romantic relationship between a 15-year-old boy and a 40-year-old woman does n't work
This Orange has some juice , but it 's far from fresh-squeezed .
This Orange has some juice , but it 's far from fresh-squeezed
wes craven 's presence is felt ; not the craven of ' a nightmare on elm street ' or ` the hills have eyes , ' but the sad schlock merchant of ` deadly friend . '
ills
as the villainous , lecherous police chief Scarpia
it 's a sincere mess
angst-ridden , affluent slacker characters
angst-ridden attempt to be profound
anemic and
anemic and formulaic
anemic and formulaic Lethal Weapon-derived buddy-cop movie
No.
No. .
a superficial snapshot
this overstuffed , erratic dramedy in which he and his improbably forbearing wife contend with craziness and child-rearing in Los Angeles
grade-grubbers
got to give it thumbs down
got Ten Little Indians meets Friday the 13th by way of Clean and Sober , filmed on the set of Carpenter 's The Thing and loaded with actors you 're most likely to find on the next inevitable incarnation of The Love Boat
gets royally screwed
gets royally screwed and
gets royally screwed and comes back for more
erotically
There are some laughs in this movie , but Williams ' anarchy gets tiresome , the satire is weak .
the same tired old gags , modernized for the extreme sports generation . There 's already been too many of these films ...
be one of those movies barely registering a blip on the radar screen of 2002
how very bad a motion picture can truly be
how very bad
how very bad a motion picture can truly be .
however , the film comes perilously close to being too bleak , too pessimistic and too unflinching for its own good .
however canned --
, you 'll wait in vain for a movie to happen .
, you 'll swear that you 've seen it all before , even if you 've never come within a mile of The Longest Yard .
years and years of costly analysis could never fix
tics and
throws you for a loop
, you ca n't help suspecting that it was improvised on a day-to-day basis during production .
promises , just not well enough to recommend it
yawning
yarn-spinner
yawner .
` ick '
legally blonde and sweet home abomination ,
legally blonde and sweet home abomination , i mean
jackson tries to keep the plates spinning as best he can , but all the bouncing back and forth ca n't help but become a bit tedious -- even with the breathtaking landscapes and villainous varmints there to distract you from the ricocheting
falls back
falls back on too many tried-and-true shenanigans that hardly distinguish it from the next teen comedy
falls apart like a cheap lawn chair
falls about ten feet onto his head
falls apart
falls a little flat
falls a little flat with a storyline that never quite delivers the original magic
falling short
falling short as a whole
notorious reputation
notice the flaws
mental illness
talking heads and technical gibberish that will do little to advance the Linux cause
There 's no good answer to that one .
There 's no point in extracting the bare bones of Byatt 's plot for purposes of bland Hollywood romance .
There 's no point of view , no contemporary interpretation of Joan 's prefeminist plight ,
There 's no point of view , no contemporary interpretation of Joan 's prefeminist plight , so
of tedious adolescent melodramatics
white-trash
designed strictly for children 's home video ,
designed as a reverie about memory and regret , but the only thing you 'll regret is remembering the experience of sitting through it .
designed as a reverie about memory and regret , but the only thing you 'll regret is remembering the experience of sitting through it
designed as a reverie about memory and regret , but the only thing you 'll regret is remembering
bilked unsuspecting moviegoers
for young children , if them . Their parents would do well to cram earplugs in their ears and put pillowcases over their heads for 87 minutes .
for whom she shows little understanding
for wrapping the theater in a cold blanket of urban desperation
for what we can get on television for free
Both shrill and soporific , and because everything
Both shrill and soporific , and because everything is repeated five or six times
The connected stories of Breitbart and Hanussen are actually fascinating , but the filmmaking in Invincible is such that the movie does not do them justice .
close to being the barn-burningly bad movie it promised it would be
close to being too bleak , too pessimistic and too unflinching for its own good
clobbering the audience over the head
clobbering the audience
to deform families , then tear them apart
to creep the living hell out of you
Boll uses a lot of quick cutting and blurry step-printing to goose things up , but dopey dialogue and sometimes inadequate performances kill the effect .
warped logic by writer-director Kurt Wimmer at the screenplay level
This is a movie filled with unlikable , spiteful idiots ; whether or not their friendship is salvaged
This is a movie filled with unlikable , spiteful idiots ; whether or not their friendship is salvaged makes no difference in the least .
This is a movie that starts out like Heathers , then becomes Bring it On , then becomes unwatchable .
be Greek to anyone not predisposed to the movie 's rude and crude humor
This is a heartfelt story ... it just is n't a very involving one
This is a heartfelt story ... it just is n't a very involving one .
This is a monumental achievement in practically every facet of inept filmmaking : joyless , idiotic , annoying , heavy-handed , visually atrocious , and often downright creepy .
devolves into a laugh-free lecture .
devoted to the insanity of Black
devoid of joy and energy
badly dated cutesy-pie mystery scenario
devolves into a laugh-free lecture
devoid of wit and humor
from a college comedy that 's target audience has n't graduated from junior high school
from TV reruns and supermarket tabloids
from a bad Clive Barker movie
is its reliance on formula , though
Wannabes ,
is instead about as fresh as last week 's issue of Variety
's pure PR hype .
's pretty stupid .
's pretty stupid
's plenty to offend everyone ...
Satin Rouge is not a new , or inventive , journey ,
a two-way time-switching myopic mystery that stalls in its lackluster gear of emotional blandness
Oedekerk wrote Patch Adams , for which he should not be forgiven .
Of course , by more objective measurements it 's still quite bad .
Offers big , fat , dumb laughs that may make you hate yourself for giving in .
Of all the Halloween 's , this is the most visually unappealing .
Officially , it is twice as bestial but half as funny .
Plot , characters , drama , emotions , ideas -- all are irrelevant to the experience of seeing The Scorpion King .
Life on the rez is no picnic :
the poor and the dispossessed
the poor quality
the plot seems a bit on the skinny side
the pocket monster movie franchise is nearly ready to keel over
bitter
a good-natured ensemble comedy that tries hard to make the most of a bumper cast , but never quite gets off the ground .
Some of the computer animation is handsome , and various amusing sidekicks add much-needed levity to the otherwise bleak tale , but overall the film never rises above mediocrity .
unremittingly awful
unsentimental approach
unsatisfying hybrid
unsophisticated
unsophisticated scare tactics
both an asset and a detriment . Those who trek to the ` plex predisposed to like it probably will enjoy themselves . But ticket-buyers with great expectations will wind up as glum as Mr . De Niro
cause Tom Green a grimace
both are just actory concoctions , defined by childlike dimness and a handful of quirks
both contrived and cliched
frustrates
frustrated
with neither a point
it were that grand a failure
lets her love depraved leads meet , ( Denis ' ) story becomes a hopeless , unsatisfying muddle
lethargically paced parable of renewal .
lets things peter out midway
lets the cliched dialogue rip . Or else a doggie winks
lets the business of the greedy talent agents get in the way of saying something meaningful about facing death
's also an abundance of hackneyed dialogue and more silly satanic business than you can shake a severed limb at
's also an abundance of hackneyed dialogue and more silly satanic business than you can shake a severed limb at .
letting go at all the wrong moments
's also generic , untidy , condescending and mild
's also generic , untidy , condescending and mild of impact rather than stunning
scattered over the course of 80 minutes .
unconcerned with plausibility , yet
to suck
big bloody stew
bias
bien no logra desarrollarse como un gran drama , tampoco es tan superficial como muchas cintas que pecan de pretenciosas y que resultan totalmente banales
biased
, less
i.e. , a banal spiritual quest
hypnotically dull .
hurry up and get to its subjects ' deaths just so the documentary will be over
surrounding an unremarkable soft center
the director and cinematographer Stephen Kazmierski shoot on grungy video , giving the whole thing a dirty , tasteless feel
that silly ponytail
that shows some spunk and promise but fails to register as anything distinctive or daring
the director has n't added enough of his own ingredients .
is n't as compelling or as believable as it should be .
is n't as compelling or as believable as it should be
is n't as compelling or as believable
is n't a very involving one
is n't a very
is n't a terrible movie , just a stultifyingly obvious one -- an unrewarding collar for a murder mystery .
is n't a terrible movie , just a stultifyingly obvious one -- an unrewarding collar for a murder mystery
vapid vehicle
vapid actor 's exercise
vapid actor 's exercise to appropriate the structure of Arthur Schnitzler 's Reigen
vanity film
that something has been lost in the translation to the screen
oo many of these gross out scenes ...
he needs to pull his head out of his butt
is a film that will have people walking out halfway through
to avoid ridiculous schlock like this shoddy suspense thriller
forced and heavy-handed
from the predictable plot to the characters straight out of central casting
from the summer heat and the sedentary doldrums that set in at this time of year
you ca n't figure out just where the other characters , including Ana 's father and grandfather , come down on the issue of Ana 's future
, Queen Of The Damned is a pointless , meandering celebration of the goth-vampire , tortured woe-is-me lifestyle .
a popcorn film , not a must-own , or even a must-see
, Parker exposes the limitations of his skill and the basic flaws in his vision . '
oo many of these gross
the entire film with the kind of detachment that makes any given frame look like a family 's custom-made Christmas card
of empty , fetishistic violence in which murder is casual and fun
of empathy
of dumbed-down exercise in stereotypes that gives the ( teen comedy )
to imagine that even very small children will be impressed by this tired retread
, Rodrigues 's beast-within metaphor is ultimately rather silly and overwrought , making the ambiguous ending seem goofy rather than provocative .
whose boozy , languid
were already tired
implosion
implodes
impervious
were actually under 40
as Roman Coppola 's brief pretentious period
relatively nothing happens
relatively nothing
by the pathetic idea
by the movie 's sophomoric blend of shenanigans and slapstick
by the movie 's presentation , which is way too stagy
by the most random of chances
by the sick sense of humor
people under stress
given the stale plot and pornographic way the film revels in swank apartments , clothes and parties
given relatively dry material from Nijinsky 's writings to perform
given fair warning
you begin to wonder if they are ever going to depart .
a rambling examination of American gun culture that uses his usual modus operandi of crucifixion through juxtaposition
threatens
exciting as gazing at an egg timer for 93 minutes
excited at rehashing what was basically a one-joke picture
excessively strained
excess while remaining heartless
Pokemon 4Ever practically assures that the pocket monster movie franchise is nearly ready to keel over
a summer popcorn movie . Nothing too deep or substantial . Explosions , jokes , and sexual innuendoes abound
bawdy
be disappointed
think of a single good reason to see this movie , even though everyone in my group extemporaneously shouted
think it ca n't get any more gay
think filmmaker Simon Wells would have more reverence for the material
think I laughed out loud once
think , zzzzzzzzz
weaker than most
Nakata did it better
shares the weaknesses of , too many recent action-fantasy extravaganzas in which special effects overpower cogent story-telling and visual clarity during the big action sequences
one not-so-small problem
one of Robert Altman 's lesser works
like during those unforgettably uncertain days
like an ugly knot tightening in your stomach . but is that knot from dramatic tension or a symptom of artistic malnutrition
like an overcooked souffl
like an after-school special gussied up with some fancy special effects
like a human volcano or an overflowing septic tank
like idiots
enough gun battles and
Fincher takes no apparent joy in making movies ,
Fincher takes no apparent joy in making movies
Fincher takes no apparent joy in making movies , and
Fincher takes no apparent joy in making movies , and he gives none to the audience .
Extremely dumb .
Extremely confusing .
Extremely boring .
Extremely bad .
Extremely bad
feels formulaic , because the attention is on the nuances of the emotional development of the delicate characters
Fairly successful at faking some pretty cool stunts but a complete failure at trying to create some pretty cool characters
Fairly run-of-the-mill .
feels empty and unsatisfying , like swallowing a Communion wafer without the wine
feels empty and unsatisfying , like swallowing a Communion wafer without the wine .
last summer 's bloated effects
for a pretty unpleasant viewing experience
did n't cut their losses -- and ours -- and retitle it The Adventures of Direct-to-Video Nash , and send it to its proper home
did n't find much fascination in the swinging . What they 're doing is a matter of plumbing arrangements and mind games , of no erotic or sensuous charge .
did n't have an original bone in his body
did n't just go to a bank manager and save everyone the misery
did n't know what kind of movie they were making
did n't laugh .
particularly amateurish
ill-advised and
ill at ease sharing the same scene
' is a good name for a movie this delibrately obtuse and unapproachable .
' rip-off
Whether it 's the worst movie of 2002 , I ca n't say for sure : Memories of Rollerball have faded , and I skipped Country Bears .
the breezy and amateurish feel
I found myself finally unmoved by this film , which is immaculately produced and has serious things to say , is that it comes across rather too plainly as allegory .
I found the proceedings a little bit too conventional .
I found the movie as divided against itself as the dysfunctional family it portrays .
I got a headache watching this meaningless downer .
that there is nothing distinguishing in a Randall Wallace film
that there is nothing in it to engage children emotionally
require the patience of Job to get through this interminable , shapeless documentary about the swinging subculture
required to balance all the formulaic equations in the long-winded heist comedy Who Is Cletis Tout ?
repulse
repugnance . It 's also not smart or barbed enough for older viewers
... epilogue that leaks suspension of disbelief like a sieve , Die Another Day is as stimulating & heart-rate-raising as any James Bond thriller .
smacks of purely commercial motivation , with no great love for the original .
The problem with concept films is that if the concept is a poor one , there 's no saving the movie .
The problem with movies about angels is they have a tendency to slip into hokum .
The premise of `` Abandon '' holds promise , ... but its delivery is a complete mess
The premise of `` Abandon '' holds promise , ... but its delivery is a complete mess .
The problem , it is with most of these things , is the script .
The problem is the needlessly poor quality of its archival prints and film footage .
The problem with `` XXX ''
The problem with `` XXX '' is that its own action is n't very effective .
Pray does n't have a passion for the material .
Prejudice
'd be hard pressed to think of a film more cloyingly sappy than Evelyn this year .
'd be hard pressed to think of a film more cloyingly sappy than Evelyn this year
, alone , should scare any sane person away .
, an attempt is made to transplant a Hollywood star into Newfoundland 's wild soil
for cable rather than for the big screen
for cable rather than
PC stability notwithstanding
PC stability notwithstanding , the film suffers from a simplistic narrative and a pat , fairy-tale conclusion .
Painful , horrifying and oppressively tragic
utterly forgettable
compromising that complexity
want to string the bastard up
want to slap it
want to string the bastard up .
want to wrench my eyes out of my head and toss them at the screen
, delusional man
but not particularly funny --
but nothing more
but overall the Halloween series has lost its edge
A grand fart coming from a director beginning to resemble someone 's crazy French grandfather
A grand fart
A good-natured ensemble comedy that tries hard to make the most of a bumper cast , but never quite gets off the ground .
A grating , emaciated flick
A frustrating ` tweener ' --
A grating
A grand fart coming from a director beginning to resemble someone 's crazy French grandfather .
A gratingly unfunny groaner
with a confusing sudden finale that 's likely to irk viewers
of that already-shallow
in a film that is , overall , far too staid for its subject matter
the disjointed , haphazard script
has more in common with a fireworks display than a movie , which normally is expected to have characters and a storyline .
has more in common with a fireworks display than a movie , which normally is expected to have characters and a storyline
has much to learn
old garbage
old movies , when you could just rent those movies instead , let alone seek out a respectable new one
old pickup skidding
lacks a sense of dramatic urgency
lacks Fellowship 's heart
lacking the broader vision that has seen certain Trek films ...
lacks in eye-popping visuals
lacks in clarity
lacks in action
lacks in
lacks in outright newness . Plus , like I already mentioned
stick to his day job
You would n't want to live waydowntown ,
You would n't want to live waydowntown
heavy-duty
heartily sick
hear George Orwell turning over
their lamentations are pretty much self-centered
their lamentations are pretty much self-centered )
to put my finger on that elusive `` missing thing
to put up with 146 minutes of it
steeped in fairy tales and other childish things
step backward
health with boundless energy until a few days before she dies . This is absolutely and completely ridiculous
prevents Nettelbeck 's film from coming together .
to realize that they 've already seen this exact same movie a hundred times
stereotypical familial quandaries
stereotypical one
overall flaw
one man 's downfall , brought about by his lack of self-awareness
to be this dumb
realizing that you 've spent the past 20 minutes looking at your watch and
to be somewhat well-acted , not badly art-directed and utterly unengaging no matter how hard it tries to be thrilling , touching or , yikes , uproarious
to be stuck with for two hours
inappropriate
inauthentic
inappropriate and wildly undeserved
inane and
inactive
inane and unimaginative
inane and awful
inauthentic at its core
unless it happens to cover your particular area of interest
unlikely to demonstrate the emotional clout to sweep U.S. viewers off their feet
frequently maintains the same snail 's pace
to embody the worst excesses of nouvelle vague without any of its sense of fun or energy
as Ledger attempts , in vain , to prove that movie-star intensity can overcome bad hair design
as I valiantly struggled to remain interested , or at least conscious
as I 've seen in a while , a meander through worn-out material
mall movie
of impossible disappearing\/reappearing acts
wore out its welcome well
the cracked lunacy of The Adventures of Buckaroo Banzai , but thanks to an astonishingly witless script
the creators of Do n't Ask
the crime movie equivalent
self-indulgent
self-destructiveness
afterlife and
after that , the potency wanes dramatically
after watching this digital-effects-heavy , supposed family-friendly comedy
in her sulky , calculating Lolita turn
from baseball movies that try too hard to be mythic
remains as guarded as a virgin with a chastity belt
remains utterly satisfied to remain the same throughout
rely on an ambiguous presentation
remember , in order to avoid them in the future
the movie is a little tired ; maybe the original inspiration has run its course .
the movie is a little tired ; maybe the original inspiration has run its course
the mediocre end of the pool
Blade II is as estrogen-free as movies get , so
change watching such a character ,
change the fact that what we have here is a load of clams left in the broiling sun for a good three days
change watching such a character , especially when rendered in as flat and impassive a manner as Phoenix 's
change watching such a character , especially when rendered in as flat
change watching such a character , especially when rendered in as flat and
It 's tough to watch ,
It 's tough to watch
It 's usually a bad sign when directors abandon their scripts and go where the moment takes them ,
It 's usually a bad sign when directors abandon their scripts and go where the moment takes them
it carries the same strengths and flaws
is so dumb and so exploitative in its violence that , ironically , it becomes everything that the rather clumsy original was railing against .
mob
is so enamored of her own creation that she ca n't see how insufferable the character is
is so disgusting
is so disgusting that viewers may be hard pressed to retain their lunch
is so dumb and so exploitative in its violence
the TV movie-esque , affected child acting to the dullest Irish pub scenes ever filmed
the retro gang melodrama
interview with the assassin is structured less as a documentary and more as a found relic
the results are tired
says it all . Jackass is a vulgar and cheap-looking version of Candid Camera staged for the Marquis de Sade set
lazy and
lazy affability
lazy exercise
lazy and slipshod
laziest imaginable
laziest
laziest imaginable of all vintage-TV spinoffs
lazy than anything a fictitious Charlie Kaufman
lazy people
Denzel Washington 's efforts are sunk by all the sanctimony .
Depicts the sorriest and most sordid of human behavior on the screen , then laughs at how clever it 's being .
A plodding teen remake that 's so mechanical you can smell the grease on the plot twists .
A plodding teen remake that 's so mechanical you can smell the grease on the plot
A ponderous meditation on love that feels significantly longer than its relatively scant 97 minutes
A poky and pseudo-serious exercise in sham actor workshops and an affected malaise .
A predictable and stereotypical
, why bother with a contemptible imitator starring a `` SNL '' has-been acting like an 8-year-old channeling Roberto Benigni ?
, we get a stab at soccer hooliganism , a double-barreled rip-off of Quentin Tarantino 's climactic shootout -- and Meat Loaf explodes .
, what the hell .
... another example of how Sandler is losing his touch .
... a rather bland affair .
... a movie that , quite simply , should n't have been made .
... a low rate Annie featuring some kid who ca n't act , only echoes of Jordan , and weirdo actor Crispin Glover screwing things up old school .
... an incredibly heavy-handed , manipulative dud that feels all too familiar .
... about as exciting to watch as two last-place basketball teams playing one another on the final day of the season .
... a scummy ripoff of David Cronenberg 's brilliant ` Videodrome . '
that screams '' bathroom break
that rapidly deteriorating line
entirely implausible
entirely improvised
Nair just does n't have the necessary self-control to guide a loose , poorly structured film through the pitfalls of incoherence and redundancy .
Every visual joke is milked , every set-up obvious and lengthy , every punchline predictable .
Everything is off .
Every so often a film comes along that is so insanely stupid , so awful in so many ways that watching it leaves you giddy .
Every visual joke is milked , every set-up obvious and lengthy , every punchline predictable
Naqoyqatsi ' is banal in its message and the choice of material to convey it .
's the only sane rationale I can think of for Swimfan 's existence .
's the only sane rationale I can think of for Swimfan 's existence
's the kind of movie you ca n't quite recommend because it is all windup and not much of a pitch
's the smug and self-congratulatory kind that lets the audience completely off the hook
's the repetition of said behavior
still dealing with its fascist past
's so poorly made , on all levels , that it does n't even qualify as a spoof of such
's so poorly
's sincere to a fault , but , unfortunately , not very compelling or much fun .
's sincere to a fault , but , unfortunately , not very compelling or much fun
's so muddled and derivative that few will bother thinking it all through
's so laddish and juvenile
's sincere to a fault , but ,
's sincere to a fault , but , unfortunately ,
's sincere to a fault , but , unfortunately
be careful what
plain wacky implausibility
plain wacky implausibility --
plain irrelevant
plainly dull and visually ugly
plainly dull
'' 13 conversations '' holds its goodwill close , but is relatively slow to come to the point .
fails to live up to the sum of its parts
It 's ) difficult to get beyond the overall blandness of American Chai
Is there a group of more self-absorbed women than the mother and daughters featured in this film ? I do n't think so . Nothing wrong with performances here , but the whiney characters bugged me .
a coma-like state
afraid to show this movie to reviewers before its opening , afraid of the bad reviews they thought they 'd earn .
a smile , just sneers and bile
a snail 's pace
green 's half-hearted movie career
green 's half-hearted
green 's half-hearted movie
grew hideously twisted
slightly anarchic approach
slight and obvious
slides downhill as soon as macho action conventions assert themselves
slides downhill as soon as macho action conventions assert themselves .
time to pique your interest , your imagination , your empathy or anything , really , save your disgust and your indifference
songbird Britney Spears has popped up with more mindless drivel
will leave the auditorium feeling dizzy , confused , and totally disorientated
will leave you wanting to abandon the theater
strip it of all its excess debris , and
strip it of all its excess debris , and you 'd have a 90-minute , four-star movie . as it is , it 's too long and unfocused .
A seriously bad film with seriously
A seriously bad film with seriously warped logic by writer-director Kurt Wimmer at the screenplay level .
A sentimental mess that never rings true
A sentimental mess that never rings true .
A sentimental mess
A sentimental mess that never
A seriously bad film
needs some serious re-working to show more of the dilemma , rather than have his characters stage shouting
needlessly confusing
needed more emphasis on the storytelling and less on the glamorous machine that thrusts the audience into a future they wo n't much care about
needlessly opaque intro
It squanders Chan 's uniqueness ;
It recycles every cliché about gays in what is essentially an extended soap opera .
It plods along methodically , somehow under the assumption that its `` dead wife communicating from beyond the grave '' framework is even remotely new or interesting .
It never plays as dramatic even when dramatic things happen to people .
lets you look at this and its like you 're going from one room to the next and none of them have any relation to the other
A pint-sized ` Goodfellas ' designed to appeal to the younger set , it 's not a very good movie in any objective sense
A pint-sized ` Goodfellas ' designed to appeal to the younger set , it 's not a very good movie in any objective sense ,
A period story about a Catholic boy who tries to help a Jewish friend get into heaven by sending the audience straight to hell .
leaves a bad taste , not only because of its bad-luck timing , but also the staleness of its script
she dies
she ca n't provide any conflict
is pushed into the margins by predictable plotting and tiresome histrionics
is pushed into the margins by predictable plotting and tiresome histrionics .
is rather choppy
is pretty much the same all over
is proven that no amount of imagination , no creature , no fantasy story and no incredibly outlandish scenery
is rather like being trapped while some weird relative trots out the video he took of the family vacation to Stonehenge . Before long , you 're desperate for the evening to end
no explanation or even
might as well have come from a Xerox machine rather than ( writer-director ) Franc
might as well have come from a Xerox machine rather than ( writer-director ) Franc .
might as well have been Problem Child IV
dread
drags it back
drags it
drags
dragons
dreadful romance
dreadful
terrorist attacks
it 's so devoid of realism that its lack of whistles and bells just makes it obnoxious and stiff
it 's sort of bogus
it 's simply baffling
it 's so bad
it 's really unclear why this project was undertaken
it 's relentlessly folksy , a procession of stagy set pieces stacked with binary oppositions
it 's revealing some great human truths , when , in reality , it 's churning ground that has long passed the point of being fertile
it 's sanctimonious , self-righteous and so eager to earn our love that you want to slap it
In an effort , I suspect , not to offend by appearing either too serious or too lighthearted , it offends by just being wishy-washy .
its overall impact falls a little flat with a storyline that never quite delivers the original magic
the schmaltz is manufactured
its own pretentious self-examination
the nincompoop benigni
a one-joke movie ,
's not much to hang a soap opera on
's not merely unwatchable , but also
to be startled when you 're almost dozing
's not merely unwatchable
does n't end up having much that is fresh to say about growing up Catholic or , really , anything .
does n't have a single surprise up its sleeve
hard-sell
hard-sell image-mongering
hard to think of a recent movie that has worked this hard to achieve this little fun
hard to understand
Jagger 's bone-dry , mournfully brittle delivery
paced at a speed that is slow to those of us in middle age and deathly slow to any teen . With a cast of A-list Brit actors
artificial , ill-constructed and fatally overlong
artificial structure
hire a real director and good writers for the next installment , please .
hire a real director and good writers for the next installment
very little sense
sustains its dreamlike glide through a succession of cheesy coincidences and voluptuous cheap effects
sustains its dreamlike glide through a succession of cheesy coincidences and voluptuous cheap effects ,
sustains its dreamlike glide through a succession of cheesy coincidences and voluptuous cheap effects , not the least of which is rebecca romijn-stamos .
sustains its dreamlike glide through a succession of cheesy coincidences and voluptuous cheap effects , not the least of which is rebecca romijn-stamos
should clue you in on how bad the movie is
spend their time in the theater thinking up grocery lists and ways to tell their kids how not to act like pinocchio .
Nothing is sacred in this gut-buster .
than either of those films
saved if the director , Tom Dey , had spliced together bits and pieces of Midnight Run and 48 Hours ( and , for that matter , Shrek )
dealing in broad stereotypes and outrageously unbelievable scenarios ,
dealing in broad stereotypes and outrageously unbelievable scenarios , and
dealing in broad stereotypes and outrageously unbelievable scenarios
dead ends and distracting camera work
dead on the vine
dead-eyed
, Bui chooses to produce something that is ultimately suspiciously familiar .
, Broomfield has compelling new material but he does n't unveil it until the end , after endless scenes of him wheedling reluctant witnesses and pointing his camera through the smeared windshield of his rental car .
depraved , incoherent , instantly disposable piece
the storyline and its underlying themes ... finally seem so impersonal or even shallow
Mattei is tiresomely grave and long-winded , as if circularity itself indicated profundity .
Massacre .
too dull and pretentious to be engaging
for ordinary louts whose idea of exercise is climbing the steps of a stadium-seat megaplex
, the dialogue sounds like horrible poetry .
, the creepiness would have gotten under the skin .
, that would be me : fighting off the urge to doze
, tedium for thrills .
, the biggest downside is the paucity of laughter in what 's supposed to be a comedy .
, the conversation presents the kind of linguistic fumbling not heard since Macy Gray 's game of Chinese whispers with Mr Bean .
, the constant referencing of hip-hop arcana can alienate even the savviest audiences .
of the more irritating cartoons
of the most repellent things
of the movie feeling depressed by the shallow , selfish , greedy characters
chick-flick slog
chemistry or lack thereof
crassly reductive
disgusted
discontented
discomfort
disorienting
dismiss the film
dishonesty
crass , jaded movie types and
A shambles of a movie -- visually unattractive , unbearably loud and utterly silly ... its hilarity is completely unintentional
A shambles of a movie -- visually unattractive , unbearably loud and utterly silly
A shambles of a movie -- visually unattractive , unbearably loud and utterly silly ...
A shambles
A sermonizing and lifeless paean
A sermonizing and lifeless paean to teenage
Kids who are into this Thornberry stuff will probably be in wedgie heaven . Anyone else who may , for whatever reason , be thinking about going to see this movie is hereby given fair warning .
's time for an absurd finale of twisted metal
's the worst movie of 2002
's too bad nothing else is .
's too bad nothing else is
's too long
's too loud , too goofy and too short of an attention span
's too loud
The story 's pathetic and the gags are puerile
The story 's pathetic and the gags are puerile .
The star who helped give a spark to '' Chasing Amy '' and '' Changing Lanes '' falls flat as thinking man CIA agent Jack Ryan in this summer 's new action film , '' The Sum of All Fears . ''
most opaque , self-indulgent and
crawlies
akin to a Reader 's Digest condensed version of the source material
airless cinematic shell games .
to describe exactly how bad it is
to disguise it as an unimaginative screenwriter 's invention
... it feels like a glossy rehash .
... its solemn pretension prevents us from sharing the awe in which it holds itself .
... is less concerned with cultural and political issues than doting on its eccentric characters .
... if this sappy script was the best the contest received , those rejected must have been astronomically bad .
... in the pile of useless actioners from MTV schmucks who do n't know how to tell a story for more than four minutes .
... if it had been only half-an-hour long or a TV special , the humor would have been fast and furious -- at ninety minutes , it drags .
Now it 's just tired .
Queen of the Damned is too long with too little going on .
of almost perpetually wasted characters
of an adolescent dirty-joke book done up in post-Tarantino pop-culture riffs
of an aging filmmaker still thumbing his nose at convention
takes big bloody chomps out
` Have-yourself-a-happy-little-Holocaust ' movies
Kang tacks on three or four more endings
need of some trims and
takes a long time to get to its gasp-inducing ending
too-spectacular
too-conscientious adaptation
too-conscientious
too strange and dysfunctional
too slight and introspective to appeal to anything wider than a niche audience
need of some trims
's something unintentionally comic in the film 's drumbeat about authenticity , given the stale plot and pornographic way the film revels in swank apartments , clothes and parties .
... may work as an addictive guilty pleasure but the material never overcomes its questionable satirical ambivalence .
It 's got some pretentious eye-rolling moments
The movie makes absolutely no sense . Its underlying mythology is a hodgepodge of inconsistencies that pose the question : Since when did dumb entertainment have to be this dumb ?
` it 's painful to watch witherspoon 's talents wasting away inside unnecessary films like legally blonde and sweet home abomination , i mean , alabama .
` it 's painful to watch witherspoon 's talents wasting away inside unnecessary films like legally blonde and sweet home abomination , i mean , alabama . '
A superfluous sequel ... plagued by that old familiar feeling of ` let 's get this thing over with ' :
A superfluous sequel ...
like one of ( Spears ' ) music videos in content -- except that it goes on for at least 90 more minutes and , worse , that you have to pay if you want to see it
A summary of the plot does n't quite do justice to the awfulness of the movie , for that comes through all too painfully in the execution .
A superfluous sequel
A sugar-coated Rocky whose valuable messages are forgotten 10 minutes after the last trombone
The movie quickly drags on becoming boring and predictable . I tried to read the time on my watch .
The film tries too hard to be funny and tries too hard to be hip .
The film makes a tragic error by going on for too long , trying to mirror every subsequent event in Chinese history : war , revolution , Communism , etc. .
The filmmakers are playing to the Big Boys in New York and L.A. To that end , they mock the kind of folks they do n't understand , ones they figure the power-lunchers do n't care to understand , either .
The first Fatal Attraction was vile enough .
The film would work much better as a video installation in a museum , where viewers would be free to leave .
a dramatic slap
a dull moment
a downer and
a downer and a little
a downward narcotized spiral
the college-friends genre ( The Big Chill ) together with the contrivances and overwrought emotion of soap
more editing
of visual and verbal clichés
Unlike
Undercover Brother has run out of steam
to burn every print of the film
bad run
bad slasher flick
bad mannered
bad mannered , ugly and destructive little \*\*\*\*
could n't have been as dull a person as this film makes him out to be
could n't make a guest appearance to liven things up
could easily wait for your pay per view dollar
The film 's 45-minute running time stops shy of overkill , though viewers may be more exhausted than the athletes onscreen .
could be the worst thing to come out of national lampoon since class reunion
Die Another Day suggests that the Bond franchise has run into a creative wall that 007 can not fly over ,
Die Another Day suggests that the Bond franchise has run into a creative wall that 007 can not fly over
Die Another Day suggests that the Bond franchise has run into a creative wall that 007 can not fly over , tunnel under or barrel through .
Die Another Day suggests that the Bond franchise has run into a creative wall that 007 can not fly over , tunnel under or barrel through
we get a cinematic postcard that 's superficial and unrealized .
The modern-day royals have nothing on these guys when it comes to scandals .
thrashing rap-metal
his story flattens instead of sharpens .
his oppressive , right-wing , propriety-obsessed family
becomes an enemy to his own race .
wasted 123 minutes and $ 9.50
maintains a brisk pace as it races through the familiar story . However , it lacks grandeur and that epic quality often associated with Stevenson 's tale as well as with earlier Disney efforts
wasted .
Sunk
High Crimes is a cinematic misdemeanor
High Crimes is a cinematic misdemeanor , a routine crime thriller remarkable only for its lack of logic and misuse of two fine actors , Morgan Freeman and Ashley Judd .
waterlogged equivalent
Jim Brown treats his women -- as dumb , credulous , unassuming , subordinate subjects
a young man whose only apparent virtue is that he is not quite as unpleasant as some of the people in his life
wasted 123 minutes and $ 9.50 on this 21st century
the feeble examples of big-screen Poke-mania
the feeble examples of big-screen Poke-mania that have preceded it
intrinsically funny about Sir Anthony Hopkins saying ` Get in the car , bitch , ' this Jerry Bruckheimer production has little else to offer
a relic from a bygone era , and its convolutions ... feel silly rather than plausible
a rejected ABC Afterschool Special
a rejected TV show
the material link is too tenuous to anchor the emotional connections that purport to span a 125-year divide
rigid and evasive in ways
's pretty far from a treasure
's pretty but dumb
's pretty but dumb .
's quite an achievement to set and shoot a movie at the Cannes Film Festival and yet fail to capture its visual appeal or its atmosphere
some of the back-story is a little tired
a ghost of a chance
thinking about going to see this movie is hereby given fair warning
a ghost story gone badly awry
Writhing under dialogue
Writhing under dialogue like ` You 're from two different worlds ' and ` Tonight the maid is a lie and this
Writer\/director John McKay ignites some charming chemistry between Kate and Jed but , when he veers into sodden melodrama , punctuated by violins , it 's disastrous and Kate 's jealous female friends become downright despicable .
Writhing
Writhing under dialogue like ` You 're from two different worlds ' and ` Tonight the maid is a lie and this , this is who you are
Writhing under dialogue like ` You 're from two different worlds ' and ` Tonight the maid is a lie and this , this is who you are , ' this schlock-filled fairy tale hits new depths of unoriginality and predictability .
XXX is no less subservient to Bond 's tired formula of guns , girls and gadgets while brandishing a new action hero .
straight into the rough waters of contradiction
seems more tacky and reprehensible ,
of French hip-hop , which also seems to play on a 10-year delay
of Fire ? lazily and glumly
An incredibly narrow in-joke
An incredibly narrow in-joke targeted to the tiniest segment of an already obscure demographic .
Problem Child
hollow catharsis
hollow exercise
hollow state
home on the small screen
his lack
film ' in the worst sense of the expression
he took three minutes of dialogue , 30 seconds of plot and turned them into a 90-minute movie that feels five hours long
filled with unlikable , spiteful idiots
Cheap , vulgar dialogue and a plot that crawls along at a snail 's pace .
Cheap , vulgar dialogue and a plot that crawls along at a snail 's pace
Cheap ,
become apparent that the franchise 's best years are long past
, incomprehensible , vicious and absurd
, inflammatory film
, in short , is n't nearly as funny as it thinks it is
become strangely impersonal and abstract
rather unbelievable
he should not be forgiven . Why he was given free reign over this project -- he wrote , directed , starred and produced --
the same damn moldy values
elaborate the conceit of setting this blood-soaked tragedy of murderous ambition in the era of Richard Nixon
elaborate futuristic sets to no particularly memorable effect
electrocute and dismember their victims in full consciousness .
electrocute and dismember
No new plot conceptions or environmental changes , just different bodies for sharp objects to rip through .
off-kilter dialogue at us
that is tortured and unsettling
Irwin and his director never come up with an adequate reason why we should pay money for what we can get on television for free .
tortuous
cross-dressing
crossed off the list of ideas for the inevitable future sequels ( hey , do n't shoot the messenger )
crossing-over mumbo jumbo
One of those so-so films that could have been much better .
is so mired in juvenile and near-xenophobic pedagogy that it 's enough to make one pine for the day when Godard can no longer handle the rigors of filmmaking .
the slightly flawed ( and fairly unbelievable ) finale
It may not be a great piece of filmmaking ,
It may not be a great piece of filmmaking
It may not be a great piece of filmmaking , but its power comes from its soul 's - eye view of how well-meaning patronizing masked a social injustice , at least as represented by this case
It may sound like a mere disease-of - the-week TV movie , but
more gay
more homosexual undertones than an Eddie Murphy film
an embarrassment .
spoof takes itself too seriously
sports cliche
While Howard 's appreciation of Brown and his writing is clearly well-meaning and sincere , the movie would be impossible to sit through
While The Importance of Being Earnest offers opportunities for occasional smiles and chuckles , it does n't give us a reason to be in the theater beyond Wilde 's wit and the actors ' performances .
receding
dark and jolting
I 'd rather watch them on the Animal Planet .
Hypnotically dull , relentlessly downbeat , laughably predictable wail pitched to the cadence of a depressed fifteen-year-old 's suicidal poetry .
Hypnotically dull , relentlessly downbeat
Hypnotically dull ,
Hypnotically dull
I 'll go out on a limb . It is n't quite one of the worst movies of the year . It 's just merely very bad .
the misfortune of being released a few decades too late
the misleading title
's a bad sign in a thriller when you instantly know whodunit .
's a bad sign in a thriller when you instantly know whodunit
's a bad thing when a movie has about as much substance as its end credits blooper reel
's a bad sign when they 're supposed to be having a collective heart attack
's a bad thing when a movie has about as much substance as its end credits blooper reel .
plain crap
plain bad
of a typical American horror film
sometimes tedious
is a little like chewing whale blubber
somewhat tired premise
somewhat cumbersome
is repetitious
is required to supply too much of the energy in a film that is , overall , far too staid for its subject matter
is required to supply too much of the energy in a film that is , overall , far too staid for its subject matter .
is repeated at least four times .
is repeated at least four times . Every joke is repeated at least -- annoying , is n't it
is repeated at least four times . Every joke is repeated at least -- annoying , is n't it ?
is robotically italicized
is no psychology here , and no real narrative logic -- just a series of carefully choreographed atrocities , which become strangely impersonal and abstract .
the worst thing to come out of National Lampoon since Class Reunion
is put in an impossible spot because his character 's deceptions ultimately undo him and the believability of the entire scenario .
is rather like an overlong visit from a large group of your relatives
is pure ' 87 , with a halfhearted twist on its cautionary message : Fatal Attraction = do n't have an affair with a nutjob ; Unfaithful = do n't if you 're married to one .
is put in an impossible spot because his character 's deceptions ultimately undo him and the believability of the entire scenario
is rather like being trapped while some weird relative trots out the video he took of the family vacation to Stonehenge
is rather like an overlong visit from a large group of your relatives .
is a gory slash-fest
is a lie and this
is a little tired
The main problem
The mantra behind the project seems to have been ` it 's just a kids ' flick . '
The makers have forsaken the entertaining elements of the original and , instead , rehash old jokes and leave any life at the doorstep .
too formulaic and
in the last few cloying moments
drives this movie . No , it 's the repetition of said behavior
of soliloquies about nothing delivered by the former Mr . Drew Barrymore
have ushers in the theater that hand you a cup of coffee every few minutes . Like a marathon runner trying to finish a race , you need a constant influx of liquid just to get through it
have turned Rice 's complex Akasha into a cartoon monster
having a hard time believing people were paid to make it
Sad nonsense , this
Sad nonsense
Sad nonsense ,
sainthood
Said attempts to wear down possible pupils through repetition
to a Harrison Ford low
turned out to be a one-trick pony
This is not the undisputed worst boxing movie ever ,
This is junk food cinema at its greasiest .
This is n't just the CliffsNotes version of Nicholas Nickleby , it 's the CliffsNotes with pages missing .
This is n't even Madonna 's Swept Away . This is her Blue Lagoon .
This is n't even Madonna 's Swept Away .
the lack of a compelling or comprehensible narrative
appears very excited at rehashing what was basically a one-joke picture
Puportedly '' Based on True Events , '' a convolution of language that suggests it 's impossible to claim that it is '' Based on a True Story '' with a straight face .
Some writer dude , I think his name was , uh , Michael Zaidan , was supposed to have like written the screenplay or something , but , dude , the only thing that I ever saw that was written down were the zeroes on my paycheck
was looking for something hard with which to bludgeon myself unconscious
was glad when it was over
was ever made for the Lifetime cable television network
to take itself far more seriously
was made by some very stoned college students
to take itself too seriously
drive anyone much over age 4 screaming from the theater
A tired , unimaginative and derivative variation
of emotional blandness
of embarrassment
of fright and dread
to take my own life
a spark of new inspiration in it , just more of the same , done with noticeably less energy and imagination
The Time Machine '' is a movie that has no interest in itself . It does n't believe in itself , it has no sense of humor ... it 's just plain bored .
The Sum of All Fears is almost impossible to follow --
The Sum of All Fears is almost impossible to follow -- and
The Sum of All Fears is almost impossible to follow -- and there 's something cringe-inducing about seeing an American football stadium nuked as pop entertainment
The Sum of All Fears is almost impossible to follow -- and there 's something cringe-inducing about seeing an American football stadium nuked as pop entertainment .
The Time Machine '' is a movie that has no interest in itself . It does n't believe in itself , it has no sense of humor ... it 's just plain bored
as the most offensive action
as the man who bilked unsuspecting moviegoers
A modest and messy metaphysical thriller offering more questions than answers .
director are the big problems here
attempts , in vain ,
attempts , in vain , to prove that movie-star intensity can overcome bad hair design
attempted here that stubbornly refused to gel
attempts , in vain
attempt to bring cohesion to Pamela 's emotional roller coaster life
attempt to build up a pressure cooker of horrified awe
's something cringe-inducing about seeing an American football stadium nuked as pop entertainment
turn it off
too dull to enjoy .
your standard Hollywood bio-pic
laying out some of the major issues
, lecherous
cheated
completely void
completes a Good Will Hunting trilogy that was never planned
have banged their brains into the ground so frequently
The following things are not at all entertaining : The bad sound , the lack of climax and , worst of all , watching Seinfeld ( who is also one of the film 's producers ) do everything he can to look like a good guy
The following things are not at all entertaining :
The fourth in a series that I 'll bet most parents had thought -- hoped ! -- was a fad that had long since vanished .
The following things are not at all entertaining : The bad sound , the lack of climax and , worst of all , watching Seinfeld ( who is also one of the film 's producers ) do everything he can to look like a good guy .
volatile
of the worst possibilities of mankind
of the unspeakable
Those who trek to the ` plex predisposed to like it probably will enjoy themselves . But ticket-buyers with great expectations will wind up as glum as Mr . De Niro
nary an original idea
naptime
narrative necessity is a drunken roundhouse ,
lowbrow
lowered your entertainment standards
musty memories of half-dimensional characters
my advice , Kev . Start reading your scripts before signing that dotted line
appalling , shamelessly manipulative and contrived
appalling ,
promisingly but disintegrates into a dreary , humorless soap opera .
of misogyny
of money grubbing New Yorkers and their serial
of more self-absorbed women than the mother and daughters featured in this film ? I do n't think so . Nothing wrong with performances here , but the whiney characters bugged me
Attal is this insecure in real life
At times , the suspense is palpable , but by the end there 's a sense that the crux of the mystery hinges on a technicality that strains credulity and leaves the viewer haunted by the waste of potential .
Attempts by this ensemble film to impart a message are so heavy-handed that they instead pummel the audience .
Audiences can be expected to suspend their disbelief only so far --
Audiences can be expected to suspend their disbelief only so far
Lush and beautifully photographed ( somebody suggested the stills might make a nice coffee table book ) , but ultimately you 'll leave the theater wondering why these people mattered .
Lurid and less than lucid work .
becomes unwatchable
becomes predictably conventional .
becoming mired in sentimentality
bedeviled by labored writing and slack direction
reminiscent of a pseudo-hip luxury car commercial
undercut
very little to add beyond the dark visions already relayed by superb
very little to add beyond the dark visions already relayed by superb recent predecessors
always appears questionable
reminded of other , better films , especially Seven , which director William Malone slavishly copies
reminds you that you could be doing something else far more pleasurable . Something like scrubbing the toilet . Or emptying rat traps .
ugly behavior
ugly ideas
uncomfortably close
uncomfortably close to losing my lunch
easy jokes and insults
easily and , in the end , not well enough
This is absolutely and completely ridiculous and an insult to every family whose mother has suffered through the horrible pains of a death by cancer .
This is just lazy writing .
easy sanctimony
tries , and fails ,
` Dragonfly ' dwells on crossing-over mumbo jumbo , manipulative sentimentality , and sappy dialogue .
` Butterfingered ' is the word for the big-fisted direction of Jez Butterworth , who manages to blast even the smallest sensitivities from the romance with his clamorous approach .
` Fatal Attraction ' for the teeny-bopper set
of archival foot-age with its less-than-objective stance
to believe in something that is improbable
of bad jokes , howling cliches and by-the-numbers action
undone by a filmmaking methodology that 's just experimental enough to alienate the mainstream audience while ringing cliched to hardened indie-heads
through the plot 's hot brine
another gross-out college comedy --
another gross-out college comedy -- ugh
another genre exercise , Gangster No. 1 is as generic as its title .
another gross-out college comedy -- ugh .
another iteration of what 's become one of the movies ' creepiest conventions , in which the developmentally disabled are portrayed with almost supernatural powers to humble , teach and ultimately redeem their mentally `` superior '' friends , family ...
tough for them to really care
Not exaggerated enough
Not easily and , in the end , not well enough
Not even Steven Spielberg has dreamed up such blatant and sickening product placement in a movie .
One lousy movie
One lousy movie .
Children of the Century is more mindless love than mad , more grating and boring than anything else
Not exaggerated enough to be a parody of gross-out flicks , college flicks ,
Not exaggerated enough to be a parody of gross-out flicks , college flicks , or
Has little on its mind aside from scoring points with drag gags .
Has the feel of an unedited personal journal .
's impossible to even categorize this as a smutty guilty pleasure .
the story does seem pretty unbelievable at times
, resonant ,
, responsible and reckless , idealistically selfless and coldly self-interested
makes the audience hostage
strain
tries , and fails
makes our girl the hapless facilitator of an extended cheap
would have benefited from a little more dramatic tension and some more editing
snappy prose but a stumblebum of a movie
the bloody climax arrives we still do n't feel enough of an attachment to these guys to care one way or another .
the makers of this ` we 're - doing-it-for - the-cash ' sequel were
the makers of this ` we 're - doing-it-for - the-cash ' sequel
's a cookie-cutter movie , a cut-and-paste job .
's a deeply serious movie that cares passionately about its subject , but too often becomes ponderous in its teaching of history , or lost in the intricate connections and multiple timelines of its story
's a deeply serious movie that cares passionately about its subject , but too often becomes ponderous in its teaching of history , or lost in the intricate connections and multiple timelines of its story .
's a film that hinges on its casting
he forgets to make it entertaining
the description '' unelected '' have suspected all along
the death penalty ,
Aaliyah rarely dampens her diva persona enough to spark genuine chemistry with Townsend . When she speaks , her creepy Egyptian demigod voice is as computer processed and overproduced as it was in her music .
have been sacrificed for skin and flash that barely fizzle
have been saved if the director , Tom Dey , had spliced together bits and pieces of Midnight Run and 48 Hours ( and , for that matter , Shrek )
Abandon
have been picked not for their acting chops , but for their looks
have been sacrificed for skin
have been richer and more observant if it were less densely plotted
have been right at home as a nifty plot line in Steven Soderbergh 's Traffic fails to arrive at any satisfying destination
once overly old-fashioned in its sudsy plotting
better off dead
once again that a man in drag is not in and of himself funny
once overly old-fashioned in its sudsy
Abandon all hope , ye who enter here '
avoid seeing this trite , predictable rehash
substandard , run-of-the-mill Hollywood picture
substandard fashion
substance-free
subservient
It 's both sitcomishly predictable and cloying in its attempts to be poignant .
It 's clear the filmmakers were n't sure where they wanted their story to go , and even more clear that they lack the skills to get us to this undetermined destination .
It 's better than The Phantom Menace . But unless you 're an absolute raving Star Wars junkie , it is n't much fun .
It 's better than The Phantom Menace . But unless you 're an absolute raving Star Wars junkie , it is n't much fun
It 's difficult to say whether The Tuxedo is more boring or embarrassing
It 's difficult to imagine the process that produced such a script , but here 's guessing that spray cheese and underarm noises played a crucial role .
and disgusted with this material
a ho-hum affair ,
is unrelentingly claustrophobic and unpleasant .
his several silly subplots
walks with a slow , deliberate gait
might want to leave your date behind for this one
vies with pretension -- and sometimes plain wacky implausibility --
A movie that 's held captive by mediocrity . Not bad , but not all that good . Bacon keeps things interesting , but do n't go out of your way to pay full price .
another retelling of Alexandre Dumas ' classic . Why ?
another retelling of Alexandre Dumas ' classic . Why ? Who knows
is never satisfactory . The art demands live viewing . The innate theatrics that provide its thrills and extreme emotions lose their luster when flattened onscreen
groggy
and novelist Byatt
his trademark misogyny -- er , comedy -- like a human volcano or an overflowing septic tank
his slasher video
his trademark misogyny
is never much worse than bland or better than inconsequential
of its music or comic antics , but through the perverse pleasure of watching Disney scrape the bottom of its own cracker barrel
its broad racial insensitivity
of its critical backlash and more
makes it a failure as straight drama . '
is never satisfactory . The art demands live viewing . The innate theatrics that provide its thrills and extreme emotions lose their luster when flattened onscreen .
Three Seasons achieved but loses its way in rhetorical excess and blatant sentimentality
Thought Was Going To Be Really Awful
elbows in the face and spit in the eye
elapse before the daddy of all slashers arrives , still with the boiler suit and white mask , which look remarkably clean for a guy who has been mass-murdering since 1978 but has never been seen doing laundry
have more fun setting fire to yourself in the parking lot
breathe life into the disjointed , haphazard script by Jay Scherick and David Ronn
breed formulaic films rather than fresh ones
brief pretentious period
exactly how genteel and unsurprising the execution turns out to be
very slow
declines as the movie proceeds
sentimental cliches
sentiment or sharp , overmanipulative Hollywood practices
proves unrelentingly grim -- and equally engrossing
deconstructed
better look elsewhere .
uninspired , and peopled mainly by characters so unsympathetic that you 're left with a sour taste in your mouth
it lacks focus
's a big , comforting jar of Marmite , to be slathered on crackers and served as a feast of bleakness
disaster flick
disastrous
dirty jokes
disappointed by a movie
disappointed by a movie in a long time
disappointingly
disappointingly generic
a nervous breakdown ,
numb
nudity , profanity and violence
nudity , profanity
nudity
walks a tricky tightrope between being wickedly funny and just plain wicked
wander about in thick clouds of denial
numbs
call this film a lump of coal
still want my money back .
still feels like an ugly knot tightening in your stomach .
still does n't quite know how to fill a frame .
`` crazy ''
under the skin
to imagine acting that could be any flatter
under the skin of a man we only know as an evil , monstrous lunatic
feel more like a non-stop cry for attention
feel like you 've seen this movie a thousand times before
feel sorry for Madonna
feel sorry for Madonna .
feel more like a non-stop cry for attention , than an attempt at any kind of satisfying entertainment
put through torture
seem motivated by nothing short of dull , brain-deadening hangover .
wo n't go away
as a soufflé gone wrong
as a video installation in a museum , where viewers would be free to leave
little on its mind
little off-kilter
. Still , it just sits there like a side dish no one ordered .
little screen time and even
The film desperately sinks further and further into comedy futility .
little screen time and even less chemistry
The film ca n't be called a solid success , although there 's plenty of evidence here to indicate Clooney might have better luck next time
The film boasts at least a few good ideas and features some decent performances , but the result is disappointing
Blue Crush follows the formula , but throws in too many conflicts to keep the story compelling .
Blessed with immense physical prowess he may well be , but Ahola is simply not an actor . And in truth , cruel as it may sound , he makes Arnold Schwarzenegger look like Spencer Tracy
Blessed with immense physical prowess he may well be , but Ahola is simply not an actor . And in truth , cruel as it may sound , he makes Arnold Schwarzenegger look like Spencer Tracy .
Blimp
too amateurish and awkward
Watchable up until the point
from reporting on the number of tumbleweeds blowing through the empty theatres
from the TV movie-esque , affected child acting to the dullest Irish pub scenes ever filmed
at the thought of an ancient librarian whacking a certain part of a man 's body
like me pray for an even more interesting , less symmetrical , less obviously cross-shaped creation
hide the giant Achilles ' heel in `` Stuart Little 2 `` : There 's just no story , folks
trapped while some weird relative trots out the video he took of the family vacation to Stonehenge . Before long , you 're desperate for the evening to end
that it makes Edward Burns ' Sidewalks of New York look like Oscar Wilde
that it lacks focus . I sympathize with the plight of these families
at the very special type of badness that is Deuces Wild
49-year-old Roberto Benigni playing the wooden boy Pinocchio is scary enough
up as tedious as the chatter of parrots raised on Oprah
generic sets and B-grade special effects
generic sets and
infiltrated every corner of society -- and not always for the better
Dahmer resorts to standard slasher flick
Cyndi Lauper
Curling may be a unique sport but Men with Brooms is distinctly ordinary
generic angst
lame and Severely
lame and
lags badly in the middle and lurches between not-very-funny comedy , unconvincing dramatics and some last-minute action strongly reminiscent of Run Lola Run
lags badly
lacks the wit necessary to fully exploit the comic elements of the premise , making the proceedings more bizarre than actually amusing .
lacks the wit necessary to fully exploit the comic elements of the premise , making the proceedings more bizarre than actually amusing
's not even a TV special you 'd bother watching past the second commercial break
's not enough here to justify the almost two hours
lame kiddie flick
lame and sophomoric
are incoherent .
are incapable of conveying any emotion
are incoherent
are its star , its attitude and its obliviousness
are just not
infiltrated every corner
a strangely drab romp
avoids easy sentiments and explanations ...
avoid noticing some truly egregious lip-non-synching
people act weird
people sit and stare and turn away from one another instead of talking and it 's all about the silences and if you 're into that , have at it
But it 's also disappointing to a certain degree .
people to whom the idea of narrative logic or cohesion is an entirely foreign concept
I still ca n't relate to Stuart
I spent most of the movie feeling depressed by the shallow , selfish , greedy characters
I saw a theater full of people constantly checking their watches
I slogged my way through Clockstoppers
I should be enjoying this . '
I saw Knockaround Guys yesterday , and already the details have faded like photographs from the Spanish-American War ...
I saw Knockaround Guys yesterday , and already the details have faded like photographs from the Spanish-American War
I saw Knockaround Guys yesterday , and already the details have faded like photographs from the Spanish-American War ... It 's so unmemorable that it turned my ballpoint notes to invisible ink .
I saw Knockaround Guys yesterday , and already the details have faded like photographs from the Spanish-American War ... It 's so unmemorable that it turned my ballpoint notes to invisible ink
jaded
jacked-up piece
jail sentence
wonder why it 's necessary
so heavily that they drain all the film of its energy
so hard to be quirky and funny that the strain is all too evident
so gross
so graphically excessive
I walked away not really know who '' they '' were , what '' they '' looked like . Why '' they '' were here and what '' they '' wanted and quite honestly , I did n't care .
I wanted so badly for the protagonist to fail
with too much exploitation and too little art
I think is supposed to be an attempt at hardass American but sometimes just lapses into unhidden British
would seem to have a lock on the title of ugliest movie of the year .
forgetting only to retain a single laugh
forgetting only
forgettably
forget its absurdity .
Parts of the film feel a bit too much like an infomercial for Ram Dass 's latest book aimed at the boomer demographic . But mostly
Parts of the film feel a bit too much like an infomercial for Ram Dass 's latest book aimed at the boomer demographic .
Parts of the film feel a bit too much like an infomercial for Ram Dass 's latest book aimed at the boomer demographic . But
but comes across more as a sketch for a full-length comedy .
unwise amalgam
unwieldy mess
unwatchable Soapdish
, Treasure Planet maintains a brisk pace as it races through the familiar story . However , it lacks grandeur and that epic quality often associated with Stevenson 's tale as well as with earlier Disney efforts .
the stoically delivered hokum of Hart 's War is never fun
A distinctly minor effort that will be seen to better advantage on cable , especially considering its barely
A distinctly minor effort
A disaster of a drama , saved only by its winged assailants .
A disaster of a drama
A disaster
A disappointment for a movie that should have been the ultimate IMAX trip .
A disappointment for a movie that should have been the ultimate IMAX trip
A dim-witted and lazy spin-off of the Animal Planet documentary series , Crocodile Hunter is entertainment opportunism at its most glaring .
A dim-witted and lazy spin-off of the Animal Planet documentary series , Crocodile Hunter
A dim-witted and lazy spin-off
than some 79-minute after-school '' cartoon
episode ii -- attack of the clones is a technological exercise that lacks juice and delight
episode ii -- attack of the clones is a technological exercise that lacks juice and delight .
Though the story ... is hackneyed
has died
has drenched in swoony music and fever-pitched melodrama
is just a plain old monster .
is just a mess
is just futile silliness looking to tap into the kiddie sensibilities
is just futile silliness looking to tap into the kiddie sensibilities .
is just repulsive
is just repulsive .
slight , weightless fairy tale
spectacularly ugly-looking broad
high points to keep this from being a complete waste of time
anti-Semitism and neo-fascism
vapid , insensitive
vapid , insensitive people
a monsterous one
slightly flawed ( and fairly unbelievable ) finale
a moldy-oldie
a mix of The Shining , The Thing , and any naked teenagers horror flick
a moldy-oldie , not-nearly - as-nasty - as-it - thinks-it-is joke . Over and over again
a moldy-oldie , not-nearly - as-nasty - as-it - thinks-it-is joke .
a moldy-oldie ,
affair
marred beyond redemption
marred beyond redemption by a disastrous ending
martial arts and gunplay with too little excitement and zero compelling storyline .
martial arts and gunplay with too little excitement and zero compelling storyline
wearisome amid leaden pacing and indifferent craftsmanship ( most notably wretched sound design )
that I ca n't remember a single name responsible for it
its idiocy
that Jackie Chan is getting older
that I think is supposed to be an attempt at hardass American but sometimes just lapses into unhidden British
that I just did n't care
wears out her welcome in her most charmless performance
wears out
as docile , mostly wordless ethnographic extras
as contrived and artificial
as conventional as a Nike ad
as deflated as he does
up as the worst kind of hubristic folly
far from being this generation 's Animal House
ugly , irritating
ugly , revolting movie
of Todd Farmer 's screenplay , which is a simple retread of the 1979 Alien , with a plucky heroine battling a monster loose in a spaceship
of The Blair Witch Project with the illogic of Series 7
the all-too-familiar dramatic arc of the holocaust escape story
the all-too-familiar dramatic arc
hedonistic
indigestible
indifferent
indignant
indulge the fanciful daydreams of Janice Beard ( Eileen Walsh ) when her real-life persona is so charmless and vacant
recycles every cliché about gays in what is essentially an extended soap opera
recycles every cliché about gays in what is essentially an extended soap opera .
flimsy -- or , worse yet , nonexistent -- ideas
reduce the chances that the appeal of Hey Arnold !
redundant , sloppy
reek of a script rewrite designed to garner the film a `` cooler '' PG-13 rating
B picture
seems like it does . My only wish is that Celebi could take me back to a time before I saw this movie and I could just skip it .
cafeteria goulash
a video installation in a museum , where viewers would be free to leave .
cable sexploitation
a volatile and overlong W magazine fashion
takes every potential laugh and stiletto-stomps the life out of it
the cinematography is cloudy , the picture making becalmed .
the film has a problem
you to scratch a hole in your head
is often preachy and poorly acted
is on the border of bemused contempt
is one big chase that seems to have no goal and no urgency . It 's just filler
is one long chick-flick slog
is one long chick-flick slog .
is one of the hapless victims of the arrogant '' if we put together a wry white man and a chatty black man and give them guns , the movie will be funny '' syndrome .
is one of the most repellent things to pop up in a cinematic year already littered with celluloid garbage
Solondz is so intent on hammering home his message that he forgets to make it entertaining .
cast is painful to watch
casually into the absurd
catch some quality naptime
Much of what is meant to be ` inspirational ' and ` uplifting ' is simply distasteful to audiences not already sharing ( the movie 's ) mindset .
Muccino 's characters are less worthy of Puccini than they are of daytime television
Much-anticipated and ultimately lackluster movie
Much-anticipated and ultimately lackluster movie .
Munchausen-by-proxy mum
Sure , it 's more of the same
a complete failure at trying to create some pretty cool characters .
a complete failure at trying to create some pretty cool characters
a complete failure
a computer-generated cold fish
a completely crass and forgettable movie
death , especially
debts
For a film about explosions and death and spies , '' Ballistic : Ecks vs . Sever '' seems as safe as a children 's film . Well , in some of those , the mother deer even dies .
, you have to give the audience a reason to want to put for that effort
For a film about action , Ultimate X is the gabbiest giant-screen movie ever , bogging down in a barrage of hype .
Follows the original film virtually scene for scene and yet manages to bleed it almost completely dry of humor , verve and fun .
For a film that celebrates radical , nonconformist values , What to Do in Case of Fire ? lazily and glumly settles into a most traditional , reserved kind of filmmaking .
-- and disposable story --
-- and disposable story
-- all are irrelevant to the experience of seeing The Scorpion King .
-- a retread story , bad writing , and the same old silliness
-- and not in a good way
like crap
like having two guys yelling in your face for two hours
like getting all excited about a chocolate eclair and then biting into it and finding the filling missing
approaches the endeavor with a shocking lack of irony
you 're not a fan
relatively slow to come to the point
the film shows signs that someone other than the director got into the editing room and tried to improve things by making the movie go faster .
the film never percolates beyond a monotonous whine .
the film reduces this domestic tragedy to florid melodrama
the film seem like something to endure instead of enjoy
the film loses credibility .
the film misfires at every level
the film must have been written ... in the thrall of a vicious hangover
The action scenes have all the suspense of a 20-car pileup , while the plot holes are big enough for a train car to drive through -- if Kaos had n't blown them all up .
The actors improvise and scream their way around this movie directionless , lacking any of the rollicking dark humor so necessary to make this kind of idea work on screen .
The actors pull out all the stops in nearly every scene , but to diminishing effect . The characters never change .
will be two hours gained
bad dude .
bad dude . When you 've got the wildly popular Vin Diesel in the equation
bad choice
bad day
bad film
bad ideas and awkwardness
paint-by-numbers plot
pantomimesque sterotypes
fooled
so badly drawn
so badly drawn , it created whole new levels of ugly .
snoozy
snazzy-looking digital effects that do little to disguise the fact that the characters barely move
snoozer
so I do n't know what she 's doing in here
so badly
snore-fest
lackadaisical
overblown in the traditional Almodóvar style
over-the-top , and
over this `` un-bear-able '' project
over-the-top , and amateurish .
over-the-top , and amateurish
because the movie is ugly to look at and not a Hollywood product
watching this film nearly provoked me to take my own life
way to make J.K. Rowling 's marvelous series into a deadly bore
we 're meant to buy that this doting mother would shun her kids , travel to one of the most dangerous parts of the world , don fatigues and become G.I. Jane .
between farcical and loathsome
bibbidy-bobbidi-bland
bibbidy-bobbidi-bland .
weirdness for the sake of weirdness
Co-writer\/director Jonathan Parker 's attempts to fashion a Brazil-like , hyper-real satire fall dreadfully short .
weird little movie
quirky or bleak
take for granted in most films are mishandled here .
take longer to heal : the welt on Johnny Knoxville 's stomach from a riot-control projectile or my own tortured psyche
getting there is not even half the interest .
he is n't talking a talk that appeals to me
he just does n't have the restraint to fully realize them
he has severe body odor
, Shafer and co-writer Gregory Hinton lack a strong-minded viewpoint , or a sense of humor .
, Scoob and Shag do n't eat enough during the film . '
, Signs is just another unoriginal run of the mill sci-fi film with a flimsy ending and lots of hype .
, Sarah 's dedication to finding her husband seems more psychotic than romantic , and nothing in the movie makes a convincing case that one woman 's broken heart outweighs all the loss we witness .
, Sandler does n't understand that the idea of exploiting molestation for laughs is funny , not actually exploiting it yourself .
, Satan is throwing up his hands in surrender , is firing his R&D people , and has decided he will just screen The Master of Disguise 24\/7 .
, Silberling also , to a certain extent , trivializes the movie with too many nervous gags and pratfalls .
of some of the worst film comedies in decades
of sudden violence
obnoxiously
obnoxious
obnoxious title character
objectivity and refusal
It is , by conventional standards , a fairly terrible movie ... but
be a single iota worse
be forgettable
with the emphasis on self-empowering schmaltz and big-wave surfing that gives pic its title an afterthought
with the cliché-laden screenplay
with the contrivances and overwrought emotion of soap
be dismissed as mindless
going to a dinner party and being forced to watch the host and hostess
stopped challenging himself
The acting is fine but the script is about as interesting as a recording of conversations at the Wal-Mart checkout line .
stop buying tickets
stomps in hobnail boots over Natalie Babbitt 's gentle , endearing 1975 children 's novel .
of the character dramas , which never reach satisfying conclusions
cliches that shoplifts shamelessly from farewell-to-innocence movies like the wanderers and a bronx tale without cribbing any of their intelligence
stop buying tickets to these movies
is so far-fetched it would be impossible to believe if it were n't true
is so formulaic and forgettable that it 's hardly over before it begins to fade from memory
is so formulaic and forgettable that it 's hardly over before it begins to fade from memory .
is so grainy and rough , so dependent on being ` naturalistic ' rather than carefully lit and set up
is so grainy and rough , so dependent on being ` naturalistic ' rather than carefully lit and set up ,
old soap opera
the Israeli\/Palestinian conflict as
finds its stars slumming in territory
really feel involved with the story , as all of its ideas remain just that : abstract ideas .
really does n't fit the part
really earned my indignant , preemptive departure
if its twists and turns hold no more surprise than yesterday 's weather report
is n't much of a mystery ,
if ever a movie needed one of the actor 's whiny jags to pump it up , this has to be among the rare ones
if irritating ,
if it could fool us into thinking that we 're not watching a double
if it had , in fact , been fleshed out a little more instead of going for easy smiles
if it put on a giant furry monster costume and then gave them a lapdance
if it ultimately disappoints
finds it difficult to sustain interest in his profession after the family tragedy . Too predictably , in fact
it 's ... like a series of pretentiously awful student films strung together into one feature-length horror .
is worse : The part where nothing 's happening , or the part where something 's happening
is your typical ` fish out of water ' story . You 've seen them a million times . Just one problem : Fish out of water usually die .
its lame aspiration for grasping the coolness vibes when in fact the film is n't as flippant or slick as it thinks it is
its lack of imagination
its lame aspiration
its lack of whistles and bells just makes it obnoxious and stiff
action and almost no substance
the resolutions
the repetition of said behavior
the repetition
the repetitive manifestos that keep getting thrown in people 's faces to the fact Amber is such a joke
the redundant messages
the remainder ... would be more at home on a daytime television serial
while not all transitions to adulthood are so fraught
been just another bad movie .
been just another bad movie . Now it 's a bad , embarrassing movie
been here , done that
been lost in the translation to the screen
been made 40 years ago
is far too self-conscious
is far more offensive than it is funny
is falling flat , as the stalker does n't do much stalking
is falling flat ,
is far from the only thing
is far from the only thing wrong with the clumsy comedy Stealing Harvard
is far more offensive
is far less funny than the original , Killers From Space .
out-bad-act the other
to do , too little time to do it in
slightest difficulty
many good ideas as bad is the cold comfort that Chin 's film serves up with style and empathy
too many contrivances and goofy situations
too many contrivances and
too many flashbacks
too many elements
too loud , too goofy and too short
too many contrivances
too many scenarios in which the hero might have an opportunity to triumphantly sermonize
too many nervous gags
an idea buried somewhere inside its fabric , but never clearly seen or felt
an hour and a half of daydreaming
an hour-and-a-half of inoffensive , unmemorable filler .
swoony
swoony lyricism and violent
work much better as a video installation in a museum , where viewers would be free to leave .
( a ) strained comedy that jettisons all opportunities for Rock to make his mark by serving up the usual chaotic nonsense .
( a ) strained comedy that jettisons all opportunities for Rock to make his mark by serving up the usual chaotic nonsense
( U ) nrelentingly stupid .
( a ) strained comedy
( W ) hile long on amiable monkeys and worthy environmentalism , Jane Goodall 's Wild Chimpanzees is short on the thrills the oversize medium demands .
the philosophical musings of the dialogue jar against the tawdry soap opera antics
Soulless and
Soulless and -- even more damning -- virtually joyless
Soulless and -- even more damning -- virtually joyless ,
Soulless and -- even more damning -- virtually joyless , XXX achieves near virtuosity in its crapulence .
in this crude '70s throwback
in this easily skippable hayseeds-vs
screen been so aggressively anti-erotic
work much better as a one-hour TV documentary
... what a banal bore the preachy Circuit turns out to be
a halfwit plot
... while certainly clever in spots , this too-long , spoofy update of Shakespeare 's Macbeth does n't sustain a high enough level of invention .
... too contrived to be as naturally charming as it needs to be .
... unlike ( Scorsese 's Mean Streets ) , Ash Wednesday is essentially devoid of interesting characters or even a halfway intriguing plot .
... tries to cram too many ingredients into one small pot .
Made with no discernible craft and monstrously sanctimonious in dealing with childhood loss
Made with no discernible craft and monstrously sanctimonious
Mad-libs . There can be no other explanation . Hilariously inept and ridiculous
Made by jackasses for jackasses .
Made by jackasses for jackasses
Made me feel uneasy , even queasy , because ( Solondz 's ) cool compassion
simple-minded
a cruel reminder of the fate of hundreds of thousands of Chinese , one which can only qualify as a terrible tragedy
this ill-conceived folly
, the only thing Avary seems to care about are mean giggles and pulchritude . It makes sense that he went back to school to check out the girls -- his film is a frat boy 's idea of a good time .
, the picture failed to capture me .
, the new Star Wars installment has n't escaped the rut dug by the last one .
, the old MIB label stands for Milder Is n't Better
this hybrid misses the impact of the Disney classic , and even that of the excellent 1934 MGM version
, the picture failed to capture me . I found it slow , drab , and bordering on melodramatic .
Storytelling fails to provide much more insight than the inside column of a torn book jacket .
I would imagine , as searching for a quarter in a giant pile of elephant feces ... positively dreadful .
II experience
like one long tourist spot for a Mississippi that may never have existed outside of a scriptwriter 's imagination
Disney scrape
Disney scrape the bottom of its own cracker barrel
Disney again ransacks its archives for a quick-buck sequel .
Dismally dull sci-fi comedy
Dismally dull sci-fi comedy .
wildly unsentimental but flawed
certainly ca n't recommend it
certainly was n't feeling any of it
without any redeeming
a cinematic corpse
a cinematic disaster
a choppy , surface-effect feeling
a choppy , surface-effect feeling to the whole enterprise
a children 's movie than a recruitment film for future Hollywood sellouts
a cinematic disaster so inadvertently sidesplitting it
it has some problems .
of the chilly production
Vulgar is too optimistic a title .
rerun
Violent , vulgar and forgettably entertaining .
could have been a confusing and horrifying vision into an intense and engrossing head-trip
could hardly
could hate it for the same reason
could hate it for the same reason .
could have and should have been deeper
Ice Cube is n't quite out of ripe screwball ideas , but Friday After Next spreads them pretty thin
Ice Cube is n't quite out of ripe screwball ideas , but Friday After Next spreads them pretty thin .
be charged with loitering -- so much on view , so little to offer
be a mess in a lot of ways
be a flawed film
be a talky bore
be as a collection of keening and self-mutilating sideshow geeks
Richard Pryor mined his personal horrors and came up with a treasure chest of material , but Lawrence gives us mostly fool 's gold .
past his prime
passive
that you 're dying to see the same old thing in a tired old setting
numbness
numbness .
that you 've wasted nearly two hours of your own precious life with this silly little puddle of a movie
Jackass lacks aspirations of social upheaval .
the film 's often-mined and despairing milieu
the film 's story does not live up to its style
the movie is so clumsily sentimental and ineptly directed it may leave you speaking in tongues .
irritates and saddens me that Martin Lawrence 's latest vehicle can explode obnoxiously into 2 , 500 screens while something of Bubba Ho-Tep 's clearly evident quality may end up languishing on a shelf somewhere
irritates and saddens me that Martin Lawrence 's latest vehicle can explode obnoxiously into 2 , 500 screens while something of Bubba Ho-Tep 's clearly evident quality may end up languishing on a shelf somewhere .
irritates and saddens
irritates and saddens me
unfunny wannabe
Day is not a great Bond movie
sequel that 's much too big for its britches
that , hampered by an undeveloped script
strangely schizo cartoon
strangely impersonal and abstract
There is no pleasure in watching a child suffer .
to offend by appearing either too serious or too lighthearted
care whether that cold-hearted snake Petrovich ( that would be Reno ) gets his comeuppance . Just bring on the Battle Bots , please
to offend by appearing either too serious or too lighthearted , it offends by just being wishy-washy
will be all too familiar for anyone who 's seen George Roy Hill 's 1973 film , `` The Sting .
will be all too familiar for anyone who 's seen George Roy Hill 's 1973 film , `` The Sting
will at least have a dream image of the West to savor whenever the film 's lamer instincts are in the saddle .
surprised at how quickly it faded from my memory
deathly slow to any teen
debut can be accused of being a bit undisciplined
be rendered tedious by Avary 's failure to construct a story with even a trace of dramatic interest
be required to have ushers in the theater that hand you a cup of coffee every few minutes
a smorgasbord of soliloquies about nothing delivered by the former Mr. Drew Barrymore
Ms. Paltrow employs to authenticate her British persona
The film runs on a little longer than it needs to -- Muccino either does n't notice when his story ends or just ca n't tear himself away from the characters -- but it 's smooth and professional .
in an admittedly middling film
in boredom
near-disaster
national grief
occasional slowness
as searching for a quarter in a giant pile of elephant feces ... positively dreadful
work that lacks both a purpose and a strong pulse .
the flashback of the original rape
weird amalgam
to exploit them
to expect more from this studio than some 79-minute after-school '' cartoon ''
to fall prey to a boatload of screenwriting cliches that sink it faster than a leaky freighter
to feel you 've just watched a feature-length video game with some really heavy back story
to fidget through ten pseudo-serious minutes while waiting for the ending credits and the deleted scenes montage to break the audience 's awkward silence
work that lacks both a purpose and a strong pulse
The plot is so predictable and sentimental that viewers are likely to lose interest before Sandrine and her goats walk off into the sunset .
The plot is so predictable and sentimental that viewers are likely to lose interest before Sandrine and her goats walk off into the sunset
The plot is straight off the shelf , the performances are television - caliber and the message of providing solace through deception is a little creepy .
High Crimes should be charged with loitering -- so much on view , so little to offer .
up its storyline with glitches casual fans could correct in their sleep
the modern B-scene : neither as funny nor as clever
it 's just tired .
it 's just plain bored
it 's just not scary
it 's hard to imagine a more generic effort in the genre
it 's good , but only if you slide in on a freebie
well , just stuff
the forced funniness found in the dullest kiddie flicks
Hey Arnold ! The Movie is what happens when you blow up small potatoes to 10 times their natural size , and
while Banderas looks like he 's not trying to laugh at how bad
acting , but ultimately a movie with no reason for being
acting , but ultimately a movie with no reason for being .
into the all-too-familiar dramatic arc of the holocaust escape story
interesting '' to '' familiar '' before landing squarely on '' stupid ''
to keep it from being maudlin
Viewers are asked so often to suspend belief that were it not for Holm 's performance , the film would be a total washout .
Viewers are asked so often to suspend belief that were it not for Holm 's performance
Very predictable
biggest husband-and-wife disaster
Neither the funniest film that Eddie Murphy nor Robert De Niro has ever made
You 're better off staying home and watching The X-Files .
You 'll have more fun setting fire to yourself in the parking lot .
You 'll have more fun setting fire to yourself in the parking lot . You 'll be more entertained getting hit by a bus .
You 'll be more entertained getting hit by a bus .
this film can be clumsy
this film is not in the least surprising
have to admit that I am baffled by Jason X
a hundred of them can be numbing
a labour
are once again made all too clear in this schlocky horror\/action hybrid
are odd and pixilated and sometimes both .
are odd and pixilated and
, High Crimes should be charged with loitering -- so much on view , so little to offer .
, Hopkins looks like a drag queen .
, Hewitt 's forte is leaning forward while wearing low-cut gowns , not making snappy comebacks .
, Frei 's control loosens in direct proportion to the amount of screen time he gives Nachtwey for self-analysis .
of hackneyed dialogue
of half-baked thoughts
It wo n't hold up over the long haul ,
this frankly fantastical by-the-numbers B-flick with just a suspension of disbelief . Rather
, Longley 's film lacks balance ... and fails to put the struggle into meaningful historical context .
, Kung Pow sets a new benchmark for lameness .
's hard to imagine anybody ever being '' in the mood '' to view a movie as harrowing and painful as The Grey Zone
, Madonna is one helluva singer . As the Mediterranean sparkles , ` Swept Away ' sinks .
between Hallmark card sentimentality and goofy , life-affirming moments straight out of a cellular phone commercial
it would be easy for critics to shred it
it would be better to wait for the video .
to Hate . I admit it
Steve Oedekerk is , alas , no Woody Allen .
it was n't the subject matter that ultimately defeated the film ... It was the unfulfilling , incongruous , `` wait a second , did I miss something ? ''
Sterile
it were any more of a turkey
Stealing Harvard will dip into your wallet , swipe 90 minutes of your time , and offer you precisely this in recompense : A few early laughs scattered around a plot as thin as it is repetitious .
an attempt to make the film relevant today , without fully understanding what it was that made the story relevant in the first place
an attempt to do something different over actually pulling it off
deem it necessary to document all this emotional misery
deconstruct where it all went wrong
targeted to the tiniest segment of an already obscure demographic
director Jon Purdy 's sledgehammer sap
The modern remake of Dumas 's story is long on narrative and ( too ) short on action .
case zero .
agonizing bore
aggrieved father cliché
so many distracting special effects and visual party tricks
The script was reportedly rewritten a dozen times
The script is too mainstream and the psychology too textbook to intrigue .
The script is too mainstream and the psychology too textbook to intrigue
The script is a disaster , with cloying messages and irksome characters .
The script is a dim-witted pairing of teen-speak and animal gibberish .
The script ? Please .
L'Avventura and Repulsion
's also curious to note that this film , like the similarly ill-timed Antitrust , is easily as bad at a fraction the budget .
's also a lot of redundancy and unsuccessful crudeness accompanying it
the pacing is deadly , the narration helps little and
the pacing is deadly , the narration helps little
propaganda ,
propaganda , a work of unabashed hero worship
the pandering to a moviegoing audience dominated by young males
as rebellious
refusal to recognise any of the signposts , as if discovering a way through to the bitter end without a map
ends with Truckzilla , for cryin ' out loud . If that does n't clue you in that something 's horribly wrong , nothing will
's virtually impossible to like any of these despicable characters
the movie would have benefited from a little more dramatic tension and some more editing .
unoriginality and
feels a bit anachronistic . Still
( Kim ) begins to overplay the shock tactics and bait-and-tackle metaphors
( It 's ) difficult to get beyond the overall blandness of American Chai , despite its likable performances and refreshingly naive point of view .
feels a bit anachronistic .
( It 's ) difficult to get beyond the overall blandness of American Chai ,
self-consciously flashy camera effects , droning house music and flat , flat dialogue
their screen time is sabotaged by the story 's inability to create interest
self-conscious art drivel
bogs down in genre cliches here
bogs down in genre cliches here .
self-consciously flashy camera effects
Illiterate , often inert sci-fi action thriller .
Imagine a really bad community theater production of West Side Story
Ignore the reputation , and ignore the film
Illiterate
are too complex to be rapidly absorbed
was produced by Jerry Bruckheimer and directed by Joel Schumacher , and reflects the worst of their shallow styles : wildly overproduced , inadequately motivated every step of the way
was produced by Jerry Bruckheimer and directed by Joel Schumacher , and reflects the worst of their shallow styles :
was produced by Jerry Bruckheimer and directed by Joel Schumacher , and reflects the worst of their shallow styles
was produced by Jerry Bruckheimer and directed by Joel Schumacher , and reflects the worst of their shallow styles : wildly overproduced , inadequately motivated every step of the way and demographically targeted to please every one ( and no one )
was produced by Jerry Bruckheimer and directed by Joel Schumacher , and reflects the worst of their shallow styles : wildly overproduced , inadequately motivated every step of the way and
the measured pace and lack of dramatic inflection
wo n't join the pantheon of great monster\/science fiction flicks that we have come to love
the man who bilked unsuspecting moviegoers
the marquee , that we just ca n't get no satisfaction
comes off like a particularly amateurish episode of Bewitched that takes place during Spring Break
comes from TV reruns and supermarket tabloids
comes off as emotionally manipulative and sadly imitative of innumerable past Love Story derisions .
comes off as annoying rather than charming
hard to care about a film that proposes as epic tragedy the plight of a callow rich boy who is forced to choose between his beautiful , self-satisfied 22-year-old girlfriend and an equally beautiful , self-satisfied 18-year-old mistress
sink it
sink it faster than a leaky freighter
sink this
the mundane horrors
The film 's lack of personality
The film 's lack
The film 's most improbable feat ?
The film 's lack of personality permeates all its aspects -- from the TV movie-esque , affected child acting to the dullest Irish pub scenes ever filmed .
The film 's ending has a `` What was it all for
The film 's few ideas are stretched to the point of evaporation ; the whole central section is one big chase that seems to have no goal and no urgency .
The film 's few ideas are stretched to the point of evaporation ; the whole central section is one big chase that seems to have no goal and no urgency
The film 's needlessly opaque intro takes its doe-eyed Crudup out of pre-9 \/ 11 New York and onto a cross-country road trip of the Homeric kind .
suspect that there are more interesting ways of dealing with the subject
whose pieces do not fit .
whose valuable messages are forgotten 10 minutes after the last trombone
the screen in frustration
run over two hours
run out of gas
rumbles look like they 're being streamed
run into a creative wall
two flagrantly fake thunderstorms
Disturbing
Nearly every attempt at humor here is DOA .
Trying to figure out the rules of the Country Bear universe -- when are bears bears and when are they like humans , only hairier -- would tax Einstein 's brain .
Try this obscenely bad dark comedy , so crass that it makes Edward Burns ' Sidewalks of New York look like Oscar Wilde .
Try this obscenely bad dark comedy , so crass that it makes Edward Burns ' Sidewalks of New York look like Oscar Wilde
Try as I may , I ca n't think of a single good reason to see this movie , even though everyone in my group extemporaneously shouted , ` Thank you ! ' when Leguizamo finally plugged an irritating character late in the movie .
Truth to tell , if you 've seen more than half-a-dozen horror films , there 's nothing here you have n't seen before .
Sam Mendes has become valedictorian at the School for Soft Landings and Easy Ways Out .
Safe Conduct , however ambitious and well-intentioned , fails to hit the entertainment bull 's - eye .
Sadly , Hewitt 's forte is leaning forward while wearing low-cut gowns , not making snappy comebacks .
Sacrifices the value of its wealth of archival foot-age with its less-than-objective stance .
Sacrifices the value of its wealth of archival foot-age with its less-than-objective stance
invite some genuine spontaneity into the film by having the evil aliens ' laser guns actually hit something for once ?
invite some genuine spontaneity into the film by having the evil aliens ' laser guns actually hit something for once
fearing that his film is molto superficiale
feat ? It did n't go straight to video
a director so self-possessed
a difficult time shaking its Blair Witch Project real-time roots
a director beginning to resemble someone 's crazy French grandfather
a dime in the tries-so-hard-to-be-cool '' Clockstoppers
baaaaaaaaad
baaaaaaaaad movie
awfully deadly
awfully hard
awfully hard to buy the impetus for the complicated love triangle that develops between the three central characters
awkward hybrid
awkward version
awkwardly contrived exercise
of movie that leaves vague impressions and a nasty aftertaste but little clear memory of its operational mechanics
presents friendship between women as pathetic , dysfunctional and destructive
presents the kind of linguistic fumbling not heard since Macy Gray 's game of Chinese whispers with Mr Bean
pretended
gone-to-pot Asbury Park , New Jersey
pretended not to see it
distracting camera work
distorts reality for people who make movies and watch them
disturbing ` Great White Hope ' undertone
there 's not a fresh idea at the core of this tale .
there is nothing funny in this every-joke-has - been-told-a - thousand-times - before movie
there 's not a fresh idea at the core of this tale
there is nothing funny in this every-joke-has - been-told-a - thousand-times - before movie .
trivializes the movie with too many nervous gags and pratfalls .
trivializes the movie with too many nervous gags and
trivializes the movie with too many nervous gags
remains unfulfilled
and directed by Alan Taylor , Napoleon 's journey is interesting but his Parisian rebirth is stillborn
display than a movie , which normally is expected to have characters and a storyline
dismissed heroes would be a film that is n't this painfully forced , false and fabricated
It 's not a bad premise , just a bad movie .
George , hire a real director and good writers for the next installment , please .
It 's not a film to be taken literally on any level ,
It 's not a film to be taken literally on any level
the year 's worst cinematic tragedies
derivative , overlong , and bombastic --
The mantra behind the project seems to have been ` it 's just a kids ' flick . ' Translation : ` We do n't need to try very hard .
The mantra behind the project seems to have been ` it 's just a kids ' flick . ' Translation : `
The mantra behind the project seems to have been ` it 's just a kids ' flick . ' Translation
The major problem with Windtalkers is that the bulk of the movie centers on the wrong character .
The mantra behind the project seems to have been ` it 's just a kids ' flick . ' Translation : ` We do n't need to try very hard . '
, family and affection
that may not always work
that might even cause Tom Green a grimace ; still
behind this superficially loose , larky documentary
could have -- should have -- been allowed to stand on their own
other , better films , especially Seven
could have -- should have
could have -- should have -- been allowed
could feel my eyelids ... getting ... very ... heavy
could force you to scratch a hole in your head .
could force you to scratch a hole in your head
The result is a gaudy bag of stale candy , something from a Halloween that died .
Marcus Adams just copies from various sources -- good sources , bad mixture
mirthless todd solondzian satire and
Manages to show life in all of its banality when the intention is quite the opposite .
misanthropic
overwrought and crudely literal
does n't always hang together
a confusing drudgery .
does n't completely survive its tonal transformation from dark comedy to suspense thriller
does n't completely
a florid , overplotted , Anne Rice rock 'n' roll vampire novel
'm left slightly disappointed that it did n't
this run-of-the-mill vehicle
disreputable air
car wreck
punch this picture so
of holes and completely lacking in chills
it would 've reeked of a been-there , done-that sameness .
it would be a shame if this was your introduction to one of the greatest plays of the last 100 years
it will probably be a talky bore .
it wore me down
it will make you wish you were at home watching that movie instead of in the theater watching this one .
unnoticed and underappreciated
between these two marginal characters
A.E.W. Mason 's story to suit the sensibilities of a young American , a decision that plucks `` The Four Feathers '' bare
Loosely speaking , we 're in All of Me territory again , and , strictly speaking , Schneider is no Steve Martin
Long on twinkly-eyed close-ups and short on shame .
Looking For Leonard '' just seems to kinda sit in neutral , hoping for a stiff wind to blow it uphill or something .
Loosely speaking , we 're in All of Me territory again ,
Loosely speaking , we 're in All of Me territory again , and
is really only one movie 's worth of decent gags to be gleaned from the premise
not fear-reducing )
not for all tastes
not earthshaking
not fully aware is being examined
because both are just actory concoctions , defined by childlike dimness and a handful of quirks
because Half Past Dead is like The Rock on a Wal-Mart budget
because his character 's deceptions ultimately undo him
incurably
picked it up . Wiser souls would have tactfully pretended not to see it and left it lying there
Silly stuff , all mixed up together like a term paper from a kid who ca n't quite distinguish one sci-fi work from another .
Silly stuff
pick up the durable best seller Smart Women , Foolish Choices for advice
us of how very bad a motion picture can truly be . Frank McKlusky C . I
tell you that there 's no other reason why anyone should bother remembering it
could be the worst film a man has made about women since Valley of the Dolls .
could be the worst film a man has made about women since Valley of the Dolls
that the uninitiated may find hard to follow ,
that the thoughts and reflections coming through are torpid and banal
that the movie has no idea of it is serious or not
that the movie is n't scary
Lacking gravitas , MacDowell is a placeholder for grief , and ergo this sloppy drama is an empty vessel . Leave these Flowers unpicked
Lacking gravitas , MacDowell is a placeholder for grief , and
Lacking gravitas , MacDowell is a placeholder for grief ,
Witless and utterly pointless
Without any redeeming value whatsoever .
Lacking gravitas , MacDowell is a placeholder for grief , and ergo this sloppy drama is an empty vessel . Leave these Flowers unpicked -- they 're dead on the vine
Lacks heart , depth and , most of all , purpose .
Lacks heart , depth and , most of all , purpose
Cinematic pyrotechnics aside , the only thing Avary seems to care about are mean giggles and pulchritude . It makes sense that he went back to school to check out the girls -- his film is a frat boy 's idea of a good time .
Circuit is the awkwardly paced soap opera-ish story .
City by the Sea is the cinematic equivalent of defensive driving : It 's careful , conscientious and makes no major mistakes . But what saves lives on the freeway does not necessarily make for persuasive viewing .
beginning to wear a bit thin
to create an underplayed melodrama about family dynamics and dysfunction that harks back to the spare , unchecked heartache of Yasujiro Ozu
to cram earplugs
to cover up the yawning chasm where the plot should be
to cram too many ingredients into one small pot
to cut repeatedly to the flashback of the original rape
But what is missing from it all is a moral .
But what are adults doing in the theater at all ?
an insult to every family
thought my own watch had stopped keeping time as I slogged my way through Clockstoppers
unapologetic mess
unapproachable
un-bear-able
un-bear-able ''
unable to get the full brunt of the comedy
un-bear-able '' project
theater programming
's as comprehensible as any Dummies guide , something
's apparently been forced by his kids to watch too many Barney videos
plods toward the end , less like a movie than like the filmed reading of a script in need of polishing
seeing this trite , predictable rehash
standard , stiff TV-style animation
without your pulse ever racing
a huge mess
Guys say mean things and shoot a lot of bullets .
plot holes so large and obvious
Guzmán frustratingly refuses to give Pinochet 's crimes a political context
a huge disappointment coming ,
plot holes so large and obvious a marching band
in practically every facet of inept filmmaking
in repugnance . It 's also not smart or barbed enough for older viewers
in rhetoric and cliché
too smugly superior to like
plot holes big enough for Shamu the killer whale to swim through
the most opaque ,
plot holes big enough for its titular hero to drive his sleek black BMW through
're too conscious of the effort it takes to be this spontaneous .
're watching a 76-minute commercial
're watching a movie that was made in 1978 but not released then because it was so weak , and it has been unearthed and released now , when it has become even weaker
're watching a soap opera rather than a chronicle of the ups and downs that accompany lifelong friendships
's ... like a series of pretentiously awful student films strung together into one feature-length horror
seems to have ransacked every old World War II movie for overly familiar material
seems to have ransacked every old World War II movie for overly familiar material .
has n't the stamina for the 100-minute running time
has n't progressed as nicely as ` Wayne . '
has n't much more to serve than silly fluff . Nor is it a romantic comedy .
has n't progressed as nicely as ` Wayne
has neither the charisma nor the natural affability that has made Tucker a star
create images you wish you had n't seen
plot holes so large and obvious a marching band might as well be stomping through them in clown clothes , playing a college football fight song on untuned instruments .
Never inspires more than an interested detachment .
that vex nearly everyone
much of the film with a creepy and dead-on performance
much of a plunge
does not proclaim the truth about two love-struck somebodies , but
walked out muttering words like '' horrible '' and '' terrible , '' but had so much fun dissing the film that they did n't mind the ticket cost . In this case zero .
walked out muttering words like '' horrible '' and '' terrible , '' but
walked out muttering words like '' horrible '' and
walked out muttering words like '' horrible '' and '' terrible
cookie-cutter movie
convoluted melodrama
the menace of its sparse dialogue
None of this is very original
clunky TV-movie
clumsy dialogue , heavy-handed phoney-feeling sentiment , and
clumsy dialogue , heavy-handed phoney-feeling sentiment , and an overly-familiar set
clumsy dialogue , heavy-handed phoney-feeling sentiment
clumsy dialogue , heavy-handed phoney-feeling sentiment ,
clumsy dialogue
clumsy dialogue ,
clumsily staged violence overshadows everything , including most of the actors .
clumsiness
is an encyclopedia of cliches that shoplifts shamelessly from farewell-to-innocence movies like the wanderers and a bronx tale without cribbing any of their intelligence
is an agonizing bore except when the fantastic kathy bates turns up . bravado kathy
is almost laughable as a consequence
is all too calculated
is an ungainly movie , ill-fitting , with its elbows sticking out where the knees should be
is an undeniably worthy and devastating experience
he has constructed a film so labyrinthine that it defeats his larger purpose
he is overwhelmed by predictability
he just forgot to add any genuine tension
he is not quite as unpleasant as some of the people in his life
's hard to care about a film that proposes as epic tragedy the plight of a callow rich boy who is forced to choose between his beautiful , self-satisfied 22-year-old girlfriend and an equally beautiful , self-satisfied 18-year-old mistress
This one is definitely one to skip , even for horror movie fanatics .
This movie seems to have been written using Mad-libs . There can be no other explanation . Hilariously inept and ridiculous .
This one 's weaker than most .
the worst kind of hubristic folly
the worst films of 2002
the worst films
the worst kind of Hollywood heart-string plucking
the worst films of the summer
the worst excesses
the worst elements of all of them
the worst excesses of nouvelle
in heart what it lacks in outright newness . Plus , like I already mentioned
which is a pity
expiration date
flat manner
flat characters
flat dialogue
flattening
flatfooted
flattening its momentum
flattening its momentum with about an hour
a remake ) do anything as stomach-turning as the way Adam Sandler 's new movie rapes , pillages and incinerates Frank Capra 's classic
a reminiscence without nostalgia or sentimentality
a film , and such a stultifying ,
a film 's title served such dire warning
shabby digital photography
sex on screen been so aggressively anti-erotic
sexploitation
nutjob
nutty cliches
numerous yawns
nurtured his metaphors
numbingly bad
numbingly dull-witted and disquietingly creepy
numbingly predictable
numbs the movie 's power as a work of drama .
as the film diffuses every opportunity for a breakthrough
how ridiculous and money-oriented the record industry really is
fetishistic violence
few films have been this odd , inexplicable and unpleasant .
of its gags and observations
of its own steadfast , hoity-toity convictions
through a crummy , wannabe-hip crime comedy that refers incessantly to old movies , when you could just rent those movies instead , let alone seek out a respectable new one
through , however , having sucked dry the undead action flick formula , Blade II mutates into a gross-out monster movie with effects that are more silly than scary .
through Dahmer 's two hours amounts to little more than punishment
bump in the night and nobody cares
bump in the night and nobody
disgust
disgust ,
The Weight of Water comes to resemble the kind of soft-core twaddle you 'd expect to see on Showtime 's ` Red Shoe Diaries . '
The Wild Thornberrys Movie does n't offer much more than the series
The Weight of Water comes off as a two-way time-switching myopic mystery that stalls in its lackluster gear of emotional blandness
Afraid to pitch into farce , yet only half-hearted in its spy mechanics , All the Queen 's Men is finally just one long drag .
Aggravating
as a war tribute is disgusting to begin with
Aggravating and
as a tragic figure
fancied himself the bastard child of the Beatnik generation
family tragedy
family movies are -- no real plot , no real conflict , no real point .
two directors with far less endearing disabilities
two fatal ailments -- a dearth of vitality and a story that 's shapeless and uninflected
After that , it just gets stupid and maudlin .
Bullock 's complete lack of focus and ability
After seeing the film , I can tell you that there 's no other reason why anyone should bother remembering it .
Burdette 's collage-form scenario tends to over-romanticize the spiritual desolation of the struggling artiste
Burdette 's collage-form scenario tends to over-romanticize the spiritual desolation of the struggling artiste .
It 's like an all-star salute to Disney 's cheesy commercialism .
It 's like an old Warner Bros . costumer jived with sex -- this could be the movie Errol Flynn always wanted to make , though Bette Davis , cast as Joan , would have killed him
It 's like Rocky and Bullwinkle on Speed , but that 's neither completely enlightening , nor does it catch the intensity of the movie 's strangeness
It 's like Rocky and Bullwinkle on Speed , but that 's neither completely enlightening , nor does it catch the intensity of the movie 's strangeness .
this painfully forced , false and fabricated
are weak , as are most of the subplots
are weak , as are most of the subplots .
in Possession
limping
limp gender-bender-baller
limp ,
limited chemistry
Even in terms of the low-grade cheese standards on which it operates , it never quite makes the grade as tawdry trash .
Even in terms of the low-grade cheese standards on which it operates
Even horror fans will most likely not find what they 're seeking with Trouble Every Day ; the movie lacks both thrills and humor .
Even horror fans will most likely not find what they 're seeking with Trouble Every Day ; the movie lacks both thrills and humor
Even if Britney Spears is really cute , her movie is really bad .
Even if Britney Spears is really cute
Even if it ultimately disappoints
make for a bad film
Does n't live up to the exalted tagline
Does n't do more than expand a TV show to movie length .
Does n't do more than expand a TV show to movie length
Do we really need the Tiger Beat version ?
contrived , unmotivated ,
crudity in the latest Austin Powers extravaganza
A very stylish but ultimately extremely silly tale ... a slick piece of nonsense but nothing more .
almost unimaginable horror
A waste
or worth rooting against , for that matter
orchestrating a finale that is impenetrable and dull
on the irrelevant as on the engaging , which gradually turns What Time
plastered with one Hollywood cliche
nearly as dreadful
seems worse for the effort
seems worse for the effort .
seen Heartbreak if you 've watched the far superior Nurse Betty or Sunset Boulevard . Even the unwatchable Soapdish is more original
a surprisingly anemic
a surprisingly anemic disappointment
viciously
with the pale script
leave us stranded with nothing more than our lesser appetites
leave us stranded with nothing more than our lesser appetites .
leave their families
leave the auditorium feeling dizzy , confused , and totally disorientated .
leave feeling like you 've endured a long workout without your pulse ever racing .
the poignancy of a Hallmark card
havoc
generic drama
embarrassment and others
, it 's movies about college that are written and directed by people who could n't pass an entrance exam .
embarrassment and
else who may , for whatever reason , be thinking about going to see this movie is hereby given fair warning
of laughs . It just does n't have much else ... especially
of lame entertainment
Seagal
a troubling interpretation of Ecclesiastes .
turned out nearly 21\/2 hours of unfocused , excruciatingly tedious cinema
enable them to discern flimsy screenplays
pitifully
harm
hardly watchable
hardly distinguish it from the next teen comedy
hopes Mr. Plympton will find room for one more member of his little band , a professional screenwriter
pitiful , slapdash disaster . A DOA dud from frame one .
pique your interest , your imagination , your empathy or anything , really , save your disgust and your indifference
hopefully it 'll be at the dollar theatres by the time Christmas rolls around
creatively stillborn
credulity and leaves the viewer haunted by the waste of potential
hoping for a stiff wind
the overall blandness
the overall blandness of American Chai
the overcooked , ham-fisted direction , which has all the actors reaching for the back row
praised by those who equate obscurity with profundity
prattle
is a grating , mannered onscreen presence , which is especially unfortunate in light of the fine work done by most of the rest of her cast
is a lame kiddie flick
than a half-hearted fluke
futile silliness
though they should know better
would require the patience of Job to get through this interminable , shapeless documentary about the swinging subculture
would reach for a barf bag
would pay a considerable ransom not to be looking at
would quickly change the channel
may put off insiders and outsiders alike .
it was made by some very stoned college students
it was co-written by Mattel executives and lobbyists for the tinsel industry
it was better the first time
it up . Wiser souls would have tactfully pretended not to see it
it unfold with an astonishing lack of passion or uniqueness
halfway through this picture I was beginning to hate it ,
more than jerking the audience 's chain
as it is interminable
as it is repetitious
choppy and
churlish
`` Crossroads '' instead provokes a handful of unintentional howlers and numerous yawns .
its deceptive grimness
, easily forgettable film .
is a film that 's neither .
, dumb
of embarrassment or stupidity
Like a soft drink that 's been sitting open too long : it 's too much syrup and not enough fizz
Like a soft drink that 's been sitting open too long :
, Esther Kahn is unusual but unfortunately also irritating .
Like a soft drink that 's been sitting open too long
nenette et
an unusual protagonist ( a kilt-wearing Jackson ) and subject matter , the improbable ''
an utterly incompetent conclusion
that efforts toward closure only open new wounds
that ends with a whimper
Too slow , too long and too little happens
focuses on Joan 's raging hormones and sledgehammers the audience with Spanish inquisitions about her `` madness '' so much that I became mad that I wasted 123 minutes and $ 9.50 on this 21st century
focuses on Joan 's raging hormones and sledgehammers the audience with Spanish inquisitions about her `` madness '' so much that I became mad that I wasted 123 minutes and $ 9.50 on this 21st century torture device .
Bui chooses to produce something that is ultimately suspiciously familiar .
overcome the problematic script
As a kind of colorful , dramatized PBS program , Frida gets the job done . But , for that , why not watch a documentary
As an actor , The Rock is aptly named .
flopped
flopped as surely
overdoing
be a freak show , too mercenary and obvious to be cerebral , too dull and pretentious to be engaging
you must shoot it in the head
you need a constant influx of liquid just to get through it .
overdoing it
what Sex With Strangers actually shows may put you off the idea forever .
contriving a climactic hero 's death for the beloved-major
contrived sequels that not only fails on its own , but makes you second-guess your affection for the original
contriving
contrived sequels
contrived sequels that not only fails on its own , but makes you
contrived , well-worn situations
weighed down with agonizing contrivances , overheated pathos
without any more substance ...
Billy Crystal and Robert De Niro sleepwalk through vulgarities in a sequel you can refuse .
Big Fat Waste of Time .
Big Fat Liar is just futile silliness looking to tap into the kiddie sensibilities .
quick-cut edits that often detract from the athleticism
quick-cut edits
quick-buck sequel
quick-buck
Behind the glitz , Hollywood is sordid and disgusting . Quelle surprise !
Behan 's memoir is great material for a film -- rowdy , brawny and lyrical in the best Irish sense -- but Sheridan has settled for a lugubrious romance .
Being latently gay
` amateur ' in almost every frame
` Unfaithful ' cheats on itself and retreats to comfortable territory . Too bad .
` The Loud and the Ludicrous '
` Synthetic ' is the best description of this well-meaning , beautifully produced film that sacrifices its promise for a high-powered star pedigree .
a fall
groaners
little action , almost no suspense or believable tension ,
little action , almost no suspense or believable tension
little action , almost no suspense or believable tension , one-dimensional characters up the wazoo and sets
little action , almost no suspense or believable tension , one-dimensional characters up
little action , almost no suspense or believable tension , one-dimensional characters up the wazoo and sets that can only be described as sci-fi generic .
little action , almost no suspense or believable tension , one-dimensional characters up the wazoo and sets that
little atmosphere is generated by the shadowy lighting
cuts against this natural grain ,
, the film 's mid-to-low budget is betrayed by the surprisingly shoddy makeup work .
this ` we 're - doing-it-for - the-cash ' sequel
when it comes to truncheoning --
, the experience of actually watching the movie is less compelling than the circumstances of its making .
, those rejected must have been astronomically bad
, to say nothing of boring .
, tiresome nature
, thumpingly hyperbolic terms
are equally strange
punches
is enough to make you put away the guitar , sell the amp , and apply to medical school .
is drowned out by director Jon Purdy 's sledgehammer sap .
is drowned out by director Jon Purdy 's sledgehammer sap
is downright doltish and uneventful
is doubtful this listless feature will win him any new viewers
is egregiously short
Contempt
groaner
to underestimate just how dangerous entertainments like it can be
Anna Battista , an Italian superstar and aspiring directress who just happens to be her own worst enemy
david mamet 's airless
david mamet 's airless cinematic shell games
david mamet 's airless cinematic shell
, we all could have stopped watching long ago .
, we are left with something like two ships passing in the night rather than any insights into gay love ,
so trite
so unforgivably trite in its last 10 minutes
so thick this time that it feels like a suicide race
so tedious that it is impossible to care whether that boast is true or not
so that Ed Burns can have his revoked
so tedious
so unforgivably trite in its last 10 minutes that anyone without a fortified sweet tooth will likely go into sugar shock
were all over this `` un-bear-able '' project
went over my head or
went over my head or -- considering just
went over my head or -- considering just how low brow it is
were any more of a turkey
in Trapped
Nearly surreal , dabbling in French , this is no simple movie , and you 'll be taking a risk if you choose to see it .
Can be classified as one of those ` alternate reality ' movies ... except that it would have worked so much better dealing in only one reality
Can be classified as one of those ` alternate reality ' movies ... except that it would have worked so much better dealing in only one reality .
bug-eye theatre and dead-eye
the screen -- loud , violent and mindless
arduous journey
of dead ends and distracting camera work
to think of its inhabitants as anything more than markers in a screenplay
turns a blind eye to the very history it pretends to teach .
ramble through the sort of idoosyncratic terrain
full of cheesy dialogue
full of cheesy dialogue ,
have done in half an hour
of desperate entertainment
that feels as though it 's trying to set the women 's liberation movement back 20 years
feels draggy
feels at odds with the rest of the film .
feels clumsy and convoluted
feels labored ,
feels labored , with a hint of the writing exercise about it .
been better , but it coulda
been doing something wrong
to see the perpetrators of Chicago torn apart by dingoes
to see if stupid Americans will get a kick out of goofy Brits with cute accents performing ages-old slapstick and unfunny tricks
to seem like it took another thousand to tell it to us
to see this turd squashed under a truck , preferably a semi
to see this movie , even though everyone in my group extemporaneously shouted , ` Thank you ! ' when Leguizamo finally plugged an irritating character late in the movie
potentially trite and overused concept
potentially trite and overused
In Full is so stale , in fact , that its most vibrant scene is one that uses clips from Brian De Palma 's Scarface . That 's a cheat .
grave and long-winded
grating than engaging
grasping the coolness vibes when in fact the film is n't as flippant or slick as it thinks it is
grapple with hazy motivations that never come into focus
on what happens when lack of know-how mixes with lack of give-a-damn
on what ought to be a joyful or at least fascinating subject
once again looking for residuals as this officially completes a Good Will Hunting trilogy that was never planned
once had a nightmare like this
fumbles away
wrote itself as a newly automated Final Draft computer program
fumbles away almost all of its accumulated enjoyment with a crucial third act miscalculation
snooze .
snoozer .
sneering
snooze
so Howard appears to have had free rein to be as pretentious as he wanted
that it 's not nearly long enough
that it 's implosion
that it certainly does n't feel like a film that strays past the two and a half mark
that it does n't give a damn
An ambitious , serious film that manages to do virtually everything wrong ; sitting through it is something akin to an act of cinematic penance
bite
Amy 's Orgasm is not a porno , though it is as tedious as one .
Amoses and Andys for a new generation
An ambitious , serious film that manages to do virtually everything wrong ;
An Afterschool Special without the courage of its convictions .
little more than a screenful of gamesmanship that 's low on both suspense and payoff
re-do
is the kind of movie that gets a quick release before real contenders arrive in September .
is the most disappointing Woody Allen movie ever . He has a great cast and a great idea .
is the one hour and thirty-three minutes spent watching this waste of time
is the one hour and thirty-three minutes spent watching this waste of time .
is the kind of movie that 's critic-proof , simply because it aims so low
is the kind of movie that 's critic-proof , simply because it aims so low .
is the kind of movie that gets a quick release before real contenders arrive in September
will come as no surprise that the movie is n't scary .
will become a classic , but forgive me if I 've come to expect more from this studio than some 79-minute after-school '' cartoon '' .
will be hard to burn out of your brain
will be slightly bored
its plot contrivances
its potentially interesting subject matter via a banal script
its own sketchy material
its predictable story
its power is undercut by its own head-banging obviousness .
the R rating is for brief nudity and a grisly corpse
the R rating is for brief nudity and a grisly corpse --
Stevens is ) so stoked to make an important film about human infidelity and happenstance that he tosses a kitchen sink onto a story already overladen with plot conceits .
the picture failed to capture me .
deep , uncompromising curtsy
deep as a Petri dish
soon becomes a questionable kind of inexcusable dumb innocence
somnambulant exercise
a truly frightening situation
made on the cheap
made on the cheap .
made me want to wrench my eyes out of my head and toss them at the screen
made me want to wrench my eyes out of my head and toss them at the screen .
made movie that is no more than mildly amusing .
Heavy with flabby rolls of typical Toback machinations .
Heavy with flabby rolls of typical Toback machinations
There 's more scatological action in 8 Crazy Nights than a proctologist is apt to encounter in an entire career .
There 's an audience for it , but it could have been funnier and more innocent .
There 's enough melodrama in this Magnolia Primavera to make PTA proud yet director Muccino 's characters are less worthy of Puccini than they are of daytime television .
There 's just no story , folks
There 's no denying the elaborateness of the artist 's conceptions , nor his ability to depict them with outrageous elan , but really the whole series is so much pretentious nonsense , lavishly praised by those who equate obscurity with profundity
There 's no denying the elaborateness of the artist 's conceptions , nor his ability to depict them with outrageous elan , but really the whole series is so much pretentious nonsense , lavishly praised by those who equate obscurity with profundity .
an unwillingness to explore beyond the surfaces of her characters prevents Nettelbeck 's film from coming together
anarchy .
nervy , risky
has a bloated plot that stretches the running time about 10 minutes past a child 's interest and an adult 's patience .
Ludicrous
Lucas has in fact come closer than anyone could desire to the cheap , graceless , hackneyed sci-fi serials of the '30s and '40s .
Low rent from frame one .
skeeved out that they 'd need a shower
we 've seen just about everything in Blue Crush in one form or the other .
just how much more grueling and time-consuming
's worth , with fantasy mixing with reality and actors playing more than one role just to add to the confusion
we are left with something like two ships passing in the night rather than any insights into gay love ,
just do n't work in concert
next ... ghost blimp
sketch inspired by the works of John Waters and Todd Solondz , rather than a fully developed story
somehow under the assumption that its '' dead wife communicating from beyond the grave '' framework is even remotely new or interesting
somehow snagged an Oscar nomination
just how much more grueling and time-consuming the illusion of work is than actual work
desolation
despairing milieu
desperate entertainment
desperate measures
we 're looking back at a tattered and ugly past with rose-tinted glasses
odd movies
odoriferous thing
odoriferous thing ...
whereas the extremely competent hitman films such as pulp fiction and get shorty resonate a sardonic verve to their caustic purpose for existing , who is cletis tout ?
whereas the extremely competent hitman films such as pulp fiction and get shorty resonate a sardonic verve to their caustic purpose for existing , who is cletis tout ? is an inexpressible and drab wannabe looking for that exact niche
Its and pieces of The Hot Chick are so hilarious , and Schneider 's performance is so fine , it 's a real shame that so much of the movie -- again , as in The Animal -- is a slapdash mess .
Italian freakshow
Everything about Girls Ca n't Swim , even its passages of sensitive observation , feels secondhand , familiar -- and not in a good way .
The documentary is much too conventional -- lots of boring talking heads , etc . -- to do the subject matter justice .
The dose is strong and funny , for the first 15 minutes anyway
The dialogue is cumbersome , the simpering soundtrack and editing more so
The dialogue is cumbersome , the simpering soundtrack and editing more so .
The director 's many dodges and turns
The director 's many dodges and turns add up to little more than a screenful of gamesmanship that 's low on both suspense and payoff .
( as well as rank frustration from those in the know about Rubbo 's dumbed-down tactics )
The dose is strong and funny , for the first 15 minutes anyway ; after that , the potency wanes dramatically
( but ) from a mere story point of view , the film 's ice cold
, I thought it could have been more .
, I 'm not quite sure what the point is ...
kinda wrong in places
cold , calculated exercise
cold light
cold-fish
cold have been
weighs no more than a glass of flat champagne
wedgie
wedgie heaven . Anyone else who may , for whatever reason , be thinking about going to see this movie is hereby given fair warning
weave a protective cocoon around his own ego
Bacon keeps things interesting , but do n't go out of your way to pay full price
Ballistic : Ecks Vs . Sever also features terrible , banal dialogue ; convenient , hole-ridden plotting ; superficial characters and a rather dull , unimaginative car chase .
takes a sudden turn and devolves
takes a strange kind of laziness to waste the talents of Robert Forster , Anne Meara , Eugene Levy , and Reginald VelJohnson all in the same movie .
takes a strange kind of laziness to waste the talents of Robert Forster , Anne Meara , Eugene Levy , and Reginald VelJohnson all in the same movie
whiny pouty-lipped poof
, you 'd grab your kids and run and then probably call the police .
, you 'd have a hard time believing it was just coincidence .
, writer\/director Achero Manas 's film is schematic and obvious .
, yet not as hilariously raunchy as South Park , this strangely schizo cartoon seems suited neither to kids or adults .
, witless mess
, worse yet , nonexistent --
, with the director taking a hands-off approach when he should have shaped the story to show us why it 's compelling .
takes a slightly anarchic approach that works only sporadically
, you 'd probably turn it off , convinced that you had already seen that movie .
dated
like the St. Louis Rams in the Super Bowl , waits until after halftime to get started .
of Jaglom 's self-conscious and gratingly irritating films
of Jaglom 's own profession
which will take longer to heal : the welt on Johnny Knoxville 's stomach from a riot-control projectile or my own tortured psyche
while Said attempts to wear down possible pupils through repetition . It has no affect on the Kurds
while failing to find a spark of its own
unmemorable
this silly little puddle of a movie
overcooked soufflé
this flat effort
this fresh . Not as good as the original
then takes too long figuring out what to do next .
$ 99 bargain-basement special
junk food cinema
is frustratingly unconvincing .
is frustratingly unconvincing
is for the most part a useless movie , even with a great director at the helm .
is firing his R&D people
junk-calorie suspense tropes
jump ship in January to avoid ridiculous schlock like this shoddy suspense thriller
Whenever it threatens to get bogged down in earnest dramaturgy
When twentysomething hotsies make movies about their lives , hard-driving narcissism is a given , but
immature and unappealing
this sloppy , made-for-movie comedy special
molto superficiale
momentum and its position remains mostly undeterminable
to take everyone to since there 's no new `` A Christmas Carol '' out in the theaters this year
the grinding of bad ideas
the grotesque
sustain interest for the full 90 minutes , especially with the weak payoff
gets very ugly , very fast
imitation movie
imagine that a more confused , less interesting and more sloppily made film could possibly come down the road in 2002
in genre cliches
connect is about as exciting as gazing at an egg timer for 93 minutes
devastation
deviant
old-hat
The Emperor 's Club , ruthless in its own placid way ,
77 minutes of Pokemon may not last 4ever , it just seems like it does . My only wish is that Celebi could take me back to a time before I saw this movie and I could just skip it .
has turned his franchise into the movie version of an adolescent dirty-joke book done up in post-Tarantino pop-culture riffs
has turned out nearly 21\/2 hours of unfocused , excruciatingly tedious cinema that , half an hour in , starts making water torture seem appealing
has turned out nearly 21\/2 hours of unfocused , excruciatingly tedious cinema that , half an hour in , starts making water torture seem appealing .
has you fixating on a far corner of the screen at times because your nerves just ca n't take it any more
to a night in the living room than a night at the movies
therapy-dependent flakeball
therapy ' I need
Side of Heaven '' appalling ''
Side of Heaven '' appalling
to admit that I am baffled by Jason X.
in formula -- which is a waste of De Niro , McDormand and the other good actors in the cast
is a throwaway , junk-food movie whose rap soundtrack was better tended to than the film itself .
is a throwaway movie that wo n't stand the test of time
is a simple retread of the 1979 Alien ,
is a shameless sham , calculated to cash in on the popularity of its stars .
is a strangely drab romp . Some studio pizazz
is a throwaway , junk-food movie whose rap soundtrack was better tended to than the film itself
is a simple retread of the 1979 Alien , with a plucky heroine battling a monster loose in a spaceship
is a statement and issue worthy of a much more thoughtfulness and insight than a melodramatic and wholly predictable thriller
to care about what happened in 1915 Armenia ? No . And that is where Ararat went astray
to camouflage its sameness
to camouflage the dopey plot
A documentary to make the stones weep -- as shameful as it is scary .
A documentary to make the stones weep -- as shameful as it
A disoriented but occasionally disarming saga
a non-believer in werewolf films that are not serious
a nightmare date with a half-formed wit done a great disservice by a lack of critical distance and a sad trust in liberal arts college bumper sticker platitudes .
a nightmare like this
a nightmare date
a rosily myopic view of life in the WWII-era Mississippi Delta
those comedies that just seem like a bad idea from frame one
Does not go far enough in its humor or stock ideas to stand out as particularly memorable or even all that funny .
thoroughly condescending
thorn and vinegar
that , half an hour in , starts making water torture seem appealing
timid
farts , urine , feces
farts , urine ,
farts , urine
farts
only exists to try to eke out an emotional tug of the heart , one which it fails to get
, it 's not silly fun unless you enjoy really bad movies .
that the less charitable might describe as a castrated
that the idea of exploiting molestation for laughs is funny , not actually exploiting it yourself
a low-down version of the American dream .
a low-down version of the American dream
a man who has just lost his wife
timid parsing
, the cinematic collage Naqoyqatsi could be the most navel-gazing film ever .
that the film idiotically uses the website feardotcom . com or the improperly hammy performance from poor Stephen Rea
worst film comedies
impossible task
's another retelling of Alexandre Dumas ' classic . Why ? Who knows
's an utterly static picture
's an often-cute film but either needs more substance to fill the time or some judicious editing
comedically labored
tired old
to the overcooked , ham-fisted direction , which has all the actors reaching for the back row
to the pile of Hollywood dreck that represents nothing more than the art of the deal
in manipulation and mayhem
As plain and pedestrian as catsup --
As pure over-the-top trash
As pure over-the-top trash , any John Waters movie has it beat by a country mile .
As plain and pedestrian as
As plain and pedestrian as catsup
, it 's often overwritten , with a surfeit of weighty revelations , flowery dialogue , and nostalgia for the past and roads not taken .
( most notably wretched sound design )
No amount of nostalgia for Carvey 's glory days can disguise the fact that the new film is a lame kiddie flick and that Carvey 's considerable talents are wasted in it .
No big whoop
watching a dress rehearsal
No amount of nostalgia for Carvey 's glory days
watching a child suffer
watching a 76-minute commercial
a total rehash
a total misfire
it overstays its natural running time
it might just be better suited to a night in the living room than a night at the movies
simple-minded and
it probably wo n't have you swinging from the trees hooting it 's praises
it possible for the viewer to doze off for a few minutes or make several runs to the concession stand and\/or restroom and not feel as if he or she has missed anything
'' Goddammit
simplistic as a Hollywood production
'' warped logic
The film itself is about something very interesting and odd that would probably work better as a real documentary without the insinuation of mediocre acting or a fairly trite narrative .
Though it 's not very well shot or composed or edited , the score is too insistent and the dialogue is frequently overwrought and crudely literal
Though it 's not very well shot or composed or edited , the score is too insistent and the dialogue is frequently overwrought and crudely literal , the film shatters you in waves .
Though it 's not very well shot or composed or edited , the score is too insistent
Though it 's not very well shot or composed or edited , the score is too insistent and
Director Shekhar Kapur and screenwriters Michael Schiffer and Hossein Amini have tried hard to modernize and reconceptualize things , but the barriers finally prove to be too great .
Director Shekhar Kapur and screenwriters Michael Schiffer and Hossein Amini have tried hard to modernize and reconceptualize things , but the barriers finally prove to be too great
's slow at times
weird
The movie ultimately relies a bit too heavily on grandstanding , emotional , Rocky-like moments
If only Merchant paid more attention the story .
feel your veins cringing from the workout
feel after an 88-minute rip-off of The Rock with action confined to slo-mo gun firing and random glass-shattering
feel after an 88-minute rip-off of The Rock
feel a bit too much like an infomercial for Ram Dass 's latest book aimed at the boomer demographic
unlistenable
slobbering
sloppy plotting
slow , deliberate gait
slow death
could n't
slow pacing
feels rigged and sluggish .
to leave your date behind for this one
it merely lacks originality to make it a great movie
looked like crap ,
looked like crap , so crap is what I was expecting .
could be the worst film a man has made about women since valley of the dolls
who sadly are at hostile odds with one another through recklessness and retaliation
who refuse to admit that they do n't like it
who possibly will enjoy it
who might enjoy this , are there Tolstoy groupies out there ? It 's dark and tragic , and lets the business of the greedy talent agents get in the way of saying something meaningful about facing death
it no longer recognizes the needs of moviegoers for real characters and compelling plots
it otherwise drowns in a sea of visual and verbal clichés
it never finds a consistent tone and lacks bite , degenerating into a pious , preachy soap opera
it never quite adds up
the one thing that holds interest in the midst of a mushy , existential exploration of why men leave their families
the one-sided theme
the only drama is in waiting to hear how John Malkovich 's reedy consigliere will pronounce his next line
is in the same category as X-Men - occasionally brilliant but mostly average , showing signs of potential for the sequels , but not giving us much this time around .
being bored
before indigestion sets
before you 'll spy i spy at a video store near you
joyless ,
joyless , idiotic , annoying , heavy-handed
joyless , idiotic , annoying , heavy-handed ,
joyless , idiotic , annoying , heavy-handed , visually atrocious , and often downright creepy
joyless special-effects excess
joylessly
joylessly extravagant pictures
joylessly extravagant pictures that keep whooshing you from one visual marvel to the next , hastily , emptily
the full ticket price to see `` Simone , '' and consider a DVD rental instead
The director , with his fake backdrops and stately pacing
these ops are just not extreme enough
is amusing for about three minutes .
is amusing for about three minutes
Dumas botch-jobs
irritates and
irritates
do n't even care that there 's no plot in this Antonio Banderas-Lucy Liu faceoff . It 's still terrible
do n't deserve any Oscars .
do n't entirely ` get ' Godard 's distinctive discourse
do n't care about being stupid
do n't derive from the screenplay , but rather the mediocre performances by most of the actors involved
do n't deserve any Oscars
the filmmakers could dredge up
Dull , if not devoid of wit , this shaggy dog longs to frisk through the back alleys of history , but scarcely manages more than a modest , snoozy charm .
in the know about rubbo 's dumbed-down tactics
Though this rude and crude film does deliver a few gut-busting laughs , its digs at modern society are all things we 've seen before .
Though this rude and crude film does deliver a few gut-busting laughs
because she was captured by this movie when she obviously belongs in something lighter and sunnier
Tom Green just gives them a bad odor .
Tom Green just gives them a bad odor
Tonga people
a bore
the too-hot-for-TV direct-to-video\/DVD category , and
Dull , lifeless , and amateurishly
the torments and angst
the translation ... another routine Hollywood frightfest in which the slack execution italicizes the absurdity of the premise
a blinding embarrassment
in convoluted melodrama
in crude humor
fulfilling a gross-out quota for an anticipated audience demographic instead of shaping the material to fit the story
full flush
shot two years ago
should 've been so much more even if it was only made for teenage boys and wrestling fans
shot on digital videotape rather than film
shot on ugly digital video
all this emotional misery
all this specious Hollywood hoo-ha
nothing better to do with 94 minutes
it can seem tiresomely simpleminded .
Many shallower movies these days seem too long ,
worry
worst
eventually resents having to inhale this gutter romancer 's secondhand material
eventually works its way up to merely bad rather than painfully awful
eventually cloying POW drama .
eventually goes overboard with a loony melodramatic denouement in which a high school swimming pool substitutes for a bathtub .
at the who 's who casting and the sheer insanity of it all
that quickly snowballs out of control , while focusing on the what much more than the why
does n't have a passion for the material .
does n't have a passion for the material
stolid remake
blow it off the screen
The April 2002 instalment of the American War for Independence , complete with loads of CGI and bushels of violence , but not a drop of human blood .
The Armenian genocide
then his tone retains a genteel , prep-school quality that feels dusty and leatherbound
themselves too sophisticated for the cheese-laced spectacles that pack 'em in on the subcontinent
then again , subtlety has never been his trademark
anything except that the Chelsea Hotel today is populated by whiny , pathetic , starving and untalented artistes
racial tension
the movie 's various victimized audience members after a while
the movie 's various victimized audience members
pulled under by the pacing and lack of creativity within .
pulled under by the pacing and lack of creativity within
pulled under by the pacing and lack of creativity
two maladjusted teens in a downward narcotized spiral
than it can chew by linking the massacre
do n't quite fit together
do n't seem to have much emotional impact on the characters
do n't like it
do n't manage an equally assured narrative coinage
do n't mind crappy movies as much as adults , provided there 's lots of cute animals and clumsy people . ` Snow Dogs ' has both .
do n't need the lesson in repugnance . It 's also not smart or barbed enough for older viewers
do n't need to try very hard
dizzy , confused , and totally disorientated
loses its way
loses its way in rhetorical excess and blatant sentimentality
loses its overall sense of mystery and becomes a TV episode rather than a documentary that you actually buy into
loses steam towards the middle and never
loses steam towards the middle and never really develops beyond attacking obvious target
loses steam towards the middle
loses steam towards the middle and
loses steam towards the middle and never really develops beyond attacking obvious target .
sacrificing its high-minded appeal
Preposterous and tedious , Sonny is spiked with unintentional laughter that , unfortunately , occurs too infrequently to make the film even a guilty pleasure .
Preposterous and tedious
Pretension , in its own way
next ? D . J . Qualls as Indiana Jones
next ? D . J . Qualls as Indiana Jones ? Or Tom Green as Han Solo
They 're going through the motions ,
sadly --
is too often like looking over the outdated clothes and plastic knickknacks at your neighbor 's garage sale .
is too long with too little
is too long with too little going on
is too long with too little going on .
is too mainstream
is too busy getting in its own way to be anything but frustrating , boring , and forgettable
is too busy hitting all of its assigned marks to take on any life of its own
is too busy hitting all of its assigned marks to take on any life of its own .
funny bits surfacing every once in a while
is a dim-witted pairing of teen-speak and animal gibberish .
funny about Sir Anthony Hopkins saying ` Get in the car , bitch , ' this Jerry Bruckheimer production has little else to offer
that exposes the generally sad existence of the Bedouins
that every other character seems overlooked
of fill-in
of filth that attempts to pass itself off as hip , young adult entertainment
is a disaster of a story , full of holes and completely lacking in chills .
is a disaster of a story , full of holes and completely lacking in chills
is a disaster .
the sometimes bad choices
cheap hysterics
cheap-shot
cheap-shot mediocrity
A dumb movie with dumb characters doing dumb things and you have to be really dumb not to see where this is going .
A dumb movie with dumb characters doing dumb things and
simply tossing in lots of characters doing silly stuff and stirring the pot
Unfortunately , that 's precisely what Arthur Dong 's Family Fundamentals does .
Unfortunately , it 's not silly fun unless you enjoy really bad movies .
Unfortunately , they 're sandwiched in between the most impossibly dry account of Kahlo 's life imaginable .
Unfortunately , the picture failed to capture me .
Unfortunately , we 'd prefer a simple misfire .
Unless you are in dire need of a Diesel fix , there is no real reason to see it .
Univac-like script machine
The movie attempts to mine laughs from a genre -- the gangster\/crime comedy -- that wore out its welcome with audiences several years ago , and its cutesy reliance on movie-specific cliches is n't exactly endearing
The movie attempts to mine laughs from a genre -- the gangster\/crime comedy -- that wore out its welcome with audiences several years ago , and its cutesy reliance on movie-specific cliches is n't exactly endearing .
The movie is a mess from start to finish .
A 94-minute travesty
A 94-minute travesty of unparalleled proportions , writer-director Parker seems to go out of his way to turn the legendary wit 's classic mistaken identity farce into brutally labored and unfunny hokum .
A 75-minute sample of puerile
A 75-minute sample of puerile rubbish that is listless , witless , and devoid of anything resembling humor .
there 's not nearly enough that 's right
there 's not enough to the story to fill two hours
demands that you suffer the dreadfulness of war from both sides
take what was otherwise a fascinating , riveting story and send it down the path of the mundane
pauses for blunt exposition to make sure you
a crusty treatment
scored by a perversely cheerful Marcus Miller accordion\/harmonica\/banjo abomination
scorns
sacrificing any of the cultural intrigue
sad , sick sight
be doing something else far more pleasurable . Something like scrubbing the toilet . Or emptying rat traps .
be depressing
be depressing ,
be depressing , as the lead actor phones in his autobiographical performance
film lapses
long ,
much worse than bland
unconvincing and
heresy
takes a really long , slow and dreary time
's a reason the studio did n't offer an advance screening . '' The Adventures of Pluto Nash '' is a big time stinker .
's a reason the studio did n't offer an advance screening . '' The Adventures of Pluto Nash '' is a big time stinker
's a reason why halftime is only fifteen minutes long .
offers the none-too-original premise that everyone involved with moviemaking is a con artist and a liar
offers the none-too-original premise
clear the filmmakers were n't sure where they wanted their story to go , and even more clear that they lack the skills to get us to this undetermined destination
there 's something intrinsically funny about Sir Anthony Hopkins saying ` Get in the car , bitch , ' this Jerry Bruckheimer production has little else to offer
live up to the exalted tagline - there 's definite room for improvement
live viewing . The innate theatrics that provide its thrills and extreme emotions lose their luster when flattened onscreen
offsets to a notable degree
little wit and no surprises
live in denial about
worked better as a one-hour TV documentary
live-action cartoon
distant you might as well be watching it through a telescope .
distant you might as well be watching it through a telescope
when her real-life persona is so charmless and vacant
only one thing to root for : expulsion for everyone
fill The Hot Chick , the latest gimmick from this unimaginative comedian
comes to resemble the kind of soft-core twaddle you 'd expect to see on Showtime 's ` Red Shoe Diaries .
is sadly a tough sit
comes with the laziness and arrogance of a thing that already knows it 's won
entirely stale
entirely stale concept
The actors are forced to grapple with hazy motivations that never come into focus .
The actors do n't inhabit their roles --
run out of steam
The actors do n't inhabit their roles -- they 're trapped by them , forced to change behavior in bizarre unjustified fashion and spout dialog that consists mostly of platitudes .
at lengthy dialogue scenes
believe that people have lost the ability to think
mawkish
may , lawrence unleashes his trademark misogyny -- er , comedy -- like a human volcano or an overflowing septic tank ,
may , lawrence unleashes his trademark misogyny -- er , comedy -- like a human volcano or an overflowing septic tank , take your pick
may be a flawed film
What really happened ? '' is a question for philosophers , not filmmakers ; all the filmmakers need to do is engage an audience
may be little more than another platter of reheated aliens
What soured me on The Santa Clause 2 was that Santa bumps up against 21st century reality so hard , it 's icky .
Twenty-three movies into a mostly magnificent directorial career , Clint Eastwood 's efficiently minimalist style finally has failed him . Big time
Twenty-three movies into a mostly magnificent directorial career , Clint Eastwood 's efficiently minimalist style finally has failed him . Big time .
the making of melodrama
Liman , of Swingers and Go , makes his big-budget action film debut something of a clunker as he delivers a long , low-heat chase , interrupted by a middling car chase .
to pull his head out of his butt
a single gag sequence
Utterly lacking in charm , wit and invention
Usually when I get this much syrup , I like pancakes to go with it .
Utterly lacking in charm , wit and invention , Roberto Benigni 's Pinocchio is an astonishingly bad film .
Yet another iteration of what 's become one of the movies ' creepiest conventions , in which the developmentally disabled are portrayed with almost supernatural powers to humble , teach and ultimately redeem their mentally `` superior '' friends , family ...
at soccer hooliganism
at other times as bland as a block of snow
may be the dumbest , sketchiest movie on record about an aspiring writer 's coming-of-age .
less bling-bling
as single-minded as John Carpenter 's original
self-mutilating sideshow geeks
self-pitying
an acidic all-male All About Eve
an acting exercise or an exceptionally dark joke
one experiences Mr . Haneke 's own sadistic tendencies toward his audience
Sadly , Full Frontal plays like the work of a dilettante .
one is left with a sour taste in one 's mouth , and little else .
these days seem too long
And second , what 's with all the shooting ?
And that is where Ararat went astray .
And that leaves a hole in the center of The Salton Sea .
And the lesson , in the end , is nothing new .
we all ca n't stand
be churlish to begrudge anyone for receiving whatever consolation that can be found in Dragonfly
be churlish to begrudge anyone for receiving whatever consolation
be characterized as robotic sentiment
be damned . If you already like this sort of thing , this is that sort of thing all over again
be consumed and forgotten
at once clueless
quickly drags on becoming boring and predictable
quickly drags on becoming boring and predictable .
quickly becomes monotonous .
quickie TV special
quick-cut editing and a blaring heavy metal much of the time
quickly fades
The Pool drowned me in boredom .
has a florid turn of phrase that owes more to Guy Ritchie than the Bard of Avon
a dramatic actor -- just not in this movie
being a total rehash
being a really bad imitation of the really bad Blair Witch Project
being 51 times stronger than coke . If you 're looking for a tale of Brits behaving badly , watch Snatch again . It 's 51 times better than this
a dog stupid
a dud --
a dud -- a romantic comedy that 's not the least bit romantic and only mildly funny
Full of flatulence jokes and mild sexual references , Kung Pow
that try too hard to be mythic
Capra and Cooper are rolling over in their graves
Waters
We 've liked Klein 's other work but Rollerball left us cold
proceeds to flop
We 've liked Klein 's other work but Rollerball left us cold .
post-September 11 , '' The Sum Of All Fears '' seems more tacky and reprehensible , manipulating our collective fear without bestowing the subject with the intelligence or sincerity it unequivocally deserves
Shows moments of promise but ultimately succumbs to cliches and pat storytelling .
Shows moments of promise but ultimately succumbs to cliches and pat storytelling
The movie 's major and most devastating flaw is its reliance on formula , though
The movie 's major and most devastating flaw is its reliance on formula , though ,
The movie 's major and most devastating flaw
The movie 's heavy-handed screenplay
pretentious eye-rolling moments
The movie 's major and most devastating flaw is its reliance on formula , though , and
lousy movie
love alternate versions of the Bard
love that you ca n't help but become more disappointed as each overwrought new sequence plods
love that feels significantly longer than its relatively scant 97 minutes
ones that were imposed for the sake of commercial sensibilities
an agonizing
the performances are so leaden , michael rymer 's direction is so bloodless
a demented kitsch mess
a demented kitsch
a demented kitsch mess ( although the smeary digital video does match the muddled narrative )
a dream image of the west to savor whenever the film 's lamer instincts are in the saddle
a dreary indulgence
a dreary
a dreary tract
a dreary indulgence .
only a depiction of pain , today 's version of Greek tragedy
never found its audience , probably because it 's extremely hard to relate to any of the characters .
never come into focus
never clearly defines his characters or gives us a reason to care about them .
never clearly defines his characters
only a depiction of pain
it wants to be an acidic all-male All About Eve or a lush , swooning melodrama in the Intermezzo strain
it wants to be a black comedy , drama , melodrama or some combination of the three
into a battle of wills that is impossible to care about and is n't very funny
into a comedy graveyard
You can taste it , but there 's no fizz
is that the whole damned thing did n't get our moral hackles up .
is that the whole damned thing did n't get our moral hackles up
has that other Imax films do n't : chimps , lots of chimps , all blown up to the size of a house .
some corny television
some creepy scenes
A cellophane-pop remake of the punk classic Ladies and Gentlemen , The Fabulous Stains ... Crossroads is never much worse than bland or better than inconsequential .
one more dumb high school comedy about sex gags and prom dates
one more celluloid testimonial to the cruelties experienced by Southern blacks as distilled through a Caucasian perspective
one more dumb high school comedy
not into the Pokemon franchise , this fourth animated movie in four years wo n't convert you -- or even keep your eyes open .
A characteristically engorged and sloppy
some script weaknesses and the casting of the director 's brother
some script weaknesses and
some script weaknesses
some really heavy back story
repulsive
some pretty cool stunts but a complete failure at trying to create some pretty cool characters .
incessantly
A characteristically engorged and sloppy coming-of-age movie .
incessantly to old movies , when you could just rent those movies instead , let alone seek out a respectable new one
A cheap scam
fears
incessant whining
the B . S
When you find yourself rooting for the monsters in a horror movie , you know the picture is in trouble .
When the twist endings were actually surprising ? When the violence actually shocked ? When the heroes were actually under 40
Cranky . We do n't get paid enough to sit through crap like this
a core of flimsy -- or , worse yet , nonexistent -- ideas
a corn dog
a corny examination of a young actress trying to find her way
a country skunk
a corny examination
a couple of aborted attempts
a couple of saps stuck in an inarticulate screenplay
Cranky
Both flawed and delayed
of the worst of the entire franchise
The only young people who possibly will enjoy it
The only young people who possibly will enjoy it are infants ... who might be distracted by the movie 's quick movements and sounds .
, eventually the content is n't nearly as captivating as the rowdy participants think it is .
, fireballs and revenge
, exhilaratingly tasteless .
, except for the annoying demeanour of its lead character .
action farce
One of creepiest
manipulative and as bland
manipulative and as bland as Wonder Bread dipped in milk , but it also does the absolute last thing we need Hollywood doing to us : It preaches .
manipulative and as bland as Wonder Bread dipped in milk
manipulative whitewash
plays out like a flimsy excuse
watching this film nearly provoked me to take my own life . And if The Hours wins ` Best Picture ' I just might
pat storylines
perhaps the heaviest , most joyless movie
so graceless and
where Human Nature should be ingratiating
its careful pace and seemingly opaque story may not satisfy every moviegoer 's appetite
rambling incoherence
rambling and incoherent manifesto
rambling and incoherent
as the voice-over hero in Columbia Pictures ' perverse idea of an animated holiday movie
as the way Adam Sandler 's new movie rapes
as the worst kind of hubristic folly
most fail miserably and in the end , Pumpkin is far more offensive than it is funny
most fail miserably
most fail miserably and
would know what to make of this Italian freakshow
the sad
the sad schlock merchant
the sad schlock
necessary to document all this emotional misery
suffered most
watered down
manages to embody the worst excesses of nouvelle vague without any of its sense of fun or energy .
a lunar mission with no signs of life
a maddeningly insistent and repetitive piano score that made me want to scream
a main character who sometimes defies sympathy
I Know About Her , but who else engaged in filmmaking today is so cognizant of the cultural and moral issues involved in the process
Its gross-out gags
Rollerball left us cold
strange
deep deceptions
said , except : Film overboard !
been forced by his kids to watch too many Barney videos
as erratic as its central character .
as erratic as its central character
Not always too whimsical for its own good ( but enough to do harm ) , this strange hybrid of crime thriller , quirky character study , third-rate romance and female empowerment fantasy
A muddle
A muddled limp biscuit of a movie , a vampire soap opera that does n't make much sense even on its own terms .
A muddled limp biscuit of a movie , a vampire soap opera that does n't make much
A muddled limp biscuit
a film that 's about as subtle as a party political broadcast
a film less
so graceless and devoid
of despair
gang
garde
gasp-inducing
gator-bashing
gazing at an egg timer for 93 minutes
of disconnection
Storytelling feels slight .
make this a comedy or serious drama
make the film more silly than scary , like some sort of Martha Stewart decorating program run amok .
make the film more silly than scary , like some sort of Martha Stewart decorating program run amok
you to watch people doing unpleasant things to each other and themselves
Davis the performer is plenty fetching enough , but she needs to shake up the mix , and work in something that does n't feel like a half-baked stand-up routine
that fumbles away almost all of its accumulated enjoyment with a crucial third act miscalculation
Just how extreme are these ops ? I regret to report that these ops are just not extreme enough .
that finally makes Sex With Strangers , which opens today in the New York metropolitan area , so distasteful
that few will bother thinking it all through
that forgets about unfolding a coherent , believable story in its zeal to spread propaganda
see a train wreck
see a train wreck that you ca n't look away from
decided lack of spontaneity in its execution and a dearth of real poignancy
Just embarrassment
kids to watch too many Barney videos
Writer-director Randall Wallace has bitten off more than he or anyone else could chew
Would that Greengrass had gone a tad less for grit and a lot more for intelligibility .
Wraps itself in the guise of a dark and quirky comedy
notwithstanding some of the writers ' sporadic dips
noticeably derivative
notice the glaring triteness of the plot device
nothing we have n't seen before from Murphy
Writer-director Randall Wallace has bitten off more than he or anyone else could chew , and
sometimes falls
to remind us of how very bad a motion picture can truly be . Frank McKlusky C . I
to resemble the kind of soft-core twaddle you 'd expect to see on Showtime 's ` Red Shoe Diaries
that , unfortunately , occurs too infrequently to make the film even a guilty pleasure
lazily and glumly settles into a most traditional , reserved kind of filmmaking .
leads to suicide attempts and tragic deaths
leads to suicide attempts and tragic deaths .
lays it on so thick this time
lays it on so thick this time that it feels like a suicide race .
least favourite
a contrivance , as artificial as the video games Japanese teens play in a nightclub sequence
putrid it is not worth the price of the match that should be used to burn every print of the film
putrid it is not worth
older men drink to excess , piss on trees , b.s. one another and put on a show in drag
Skip the film and buy the Philip Glass soundtrack CD
Despite its floating narrative
the high seas that works better the less the brain is engaged
regrettably
Compared to his series of spectacular belly flops both on and off the screen
telling the story , which is paper-thin and decidedly unoriginal
tells her father . The movie is about as deep as that sentiment
tells a moldy-oldie , not-nearly - as-nasty - as-it - thinks-it-is joke . Over and over again .
tells a moldy-oldie , not-nearly - as-nasty - as-it - thinks-it-is joke . Over and over again
lame screenplay
tells its story in a flat manner
Sweet Home Alabama is n't going to win any Academy Awards
Sweet Home Alabama is n't as funny as you 'd hoped . For a film that 's being advertised as a comedy
Suspend your disbelief here and now ,
Suspend your disbelief here and now , or you 'll be shaking your head all the way to the credits .
Sweet Home Alabama is n't as funny as you 'd hoped .
only sex , scandal
lameness
through its hackneyed elements
it all looks and plays like a $ 40 million version of a game you 're more likely to enjoy on a computer .
it 's sweet ... but just a little bit too precious at the start and a little too familiar at the end .
it 's the kind of motion picture that wo n't make much of a splash when it 's released , and will not be remembered long afterwards
it 's too long and unfocused
it ai n't pretty
it all go wrong
an ebullient affection for industrial-model meat freezers
sincere grief and mourning in favor of bogus spiritualism
with maggots crawling on a dead dog
get ready to take off ... the other direction .
you have to gloss over the no sense ending .
you have to be really dumb not to see where this is going
you happen to know annoyingly self-involved people who speak in glib sentences that could have only come from the pen of a screenwriter
does n't win any points for originality .
processed comedy
a kind of Ghandi gone bad
Amber is such a joke
Although trying to balance self-referential humor and a normal ol' slasher plot seemed like a decent endeavor , the result does n't fully satisfy either the die-hard Jason fans or those who can take a good joke .
this filmmaker 's flailing reputation
does too much meandering , Norton has to recite bland police procedural details , Fiennes wanders around in an attempt to seem weird and distanced , Hopkins looks like a drag queen .
this forgettable effort
of a predictable outcome and a screenplay
predominantly amateur cast is painful to watch
predominantly amateur
predictable than their consequences
predictable story
predictably treacherous
predominantly amateur cast is painful to watch , so stilted and unconvincing
predominantly amateur cast is painful to watch ,
impossible to care whether that boast is true
them , though perhaps it 's an emotion closer to pity
While Solondz tries and tries hard , Storytelling fails to provide much more insight than the inside column of a torn book jacket .
Often lingers just as long on the irrelevant as on the engaging , which gradually turns What Time Is It There ? into How Long Is This Movie ?
Oleander 's uninspired story
noticeable lack
endless trailer
ends so horrendously confusing
his distinctive ` blundering ' style into something that could really help clear up the case
his distinctive ` blundering ' style
reason to miss Interview with the Assassin
the type of movie best enjoyed by frat boys and college kids
set to an unending soundtrack of beach party pop numbers and
While easier to sit through than most of Jaglom 's self-conscious and gratingly irritating films , it 's still tainted by cliches , painful improbability and murky points .
a loosely tied series of vignettes which only prove that ` zany ' does n't necessarily mean ` funny
a loose , poorly structured film
a lot more bluster than bite
a lot more on its mind -- maybe too much
a cockamamie tone poem pitched precipitously between swoony lyricism and violent catastrophe ... the most aggressively nerve-wracking and screamingly neurotic romantic comedy in cinema history .
a cockamamie tone poem pitched precipitously between swoony lyricism and violent catastrophe ... the most aggressively nerve-wracking and screamingly neurotic romantic comedy in cinema history
a cocky ,
a cocky
a cockamamie tone poem
a cockamamie tone
a cockamamie tone poem pitched precipitously between swoony lyricism and violent catastrophe ...
a cockamamie tone poem pitched precipitously between swoony lyricism and violent catastrophe
a cocky , after-hours loopiness
a cocky , after-hours
No one can doubt the filmmakers ' motives , but The Guys still feels counterproductive .
the screenwriters eventually shoot themselves in the feet with cop flick cliches like an oily arms dealer , squad car pile-ups and the requisite screaming captain
whatever flaws Igby Goes Down may possess
whatever flaws Igby Goes Down may possess , it is undeniably that
Deflated
No one can doubt the filmmakers ' motives , but The Guys still feels counterproductive
the script 's flaws
it was n't the subject matter that ultimately defeated the film ... It was the unfulfilling , incongruous , `` wait a second
However stale the material
However sincere it may be , The Rising Place never quite justifies its own existence .
its dying , in this shower of black-and-white psychedelia ,
its dying ,
for those for whom the name Woody Allen was once a guarantee of something fresh , sometimes funny , and usually genuinely worthwhile , Hollywood Ending is a depressing experience
for too long and bogs down in a surfeit of characters and unnecessary subplots
for two directors with far less endearing disabilities
obvious determination to shock at any cost
Bo Derek made the ridiculous Bolero
Blue Crush is so prolonged and boring it is n't even close to being the barn-burningly bad movie it promised it would be .
, it fails the most basic relevancy test as well .
to show life in all of its banality when the intention is quite the opposite .
purposes of bland Hollywood romance
to sink this low . Fortunately for all involved
that it 's inauthentic at its core and that its story just is n't worth telling
fall dreadfully short .
so bizarre to the adult mind
that it 's inauthentic at its core
fairly weak
fairly lame
fake , dishonest
fairly weak retooling
fake , dishonest , entertaining and , ultimately , more perceptive moment
fall dreadfully short
fall apart
very tragic
that it 's hardly watchable
at while you wait for the story to get going
at how quickly it faded from my memory
makes its stupidity more than obvious
makes me feel weird \/ Thinking about all the bad things in the world \/ Like puppies with broken legs \/ And butterflies that die \/ And movies starring pop queens
makes me say the obvious : Abandon all hope of a good movie ye who enter here
makes me say the obvious : Abandon all hope of a good movie ye who enter here .
Generic Jennifer Lopez Romantic Comedy
seem less of a trifle if Ms . Sugarman followed through on her defiance of the saccharine
seem like a recycling of clichés , an assassin 's greatest hits
George 's haplessness and
George 's haplessness
Make Chan 's action sequences boring .
difficult to connect with on any deeper level
difficult to get beyond the overall blandness of American Chai
difficult to imagine the process that produced such a script , but here 's guessing that spray cheese and underarm noises played a crucial role
difficult to say whether The Tuxedo is more boring or embarrassing
difficult to sustain interest in his profession after the family tragedy . Too predictably , in fact
difficult-to-swallow
it can chew by linking the massacre
it begins to drag two-thirds through , when the melodramatic aspects start to overtake the comedy
it borders on facile
especially the pseudo-educational stuff we all ca n't stand
Of all the Halloween 's , this is the most visually unappealing
wondering why you 've been watching all this strutting and posturing
Elmo touts his drug as being 51 times stronger than coke . If you 're looking for a tale of Brits behaving badly , watch Snatch again . It 's 51 times better than this .
is frittered away in middle-of-the-road blandness .
is full of unhappy
) do anything as stomach-turning as the way Adam Sandler 's new movie rapes , pillages and incinerates Frank Capra 's classic
) best works understand why snobbery is a better satiric target than middle-America
is flat
is flawed , compromised and sad
is frittered away in middle-of-the-road blandness
entertaining on an inferior level
combined with the misconceived final 5
can not disguise the slack complacency of ( Godard 's ) vision , any more than the gorgeous piano and strings on the soundtrack can drown out the tinny self-righteousness of his voice
were more repulsive
can not be enjoyed , even on the level that one enjoys a bad slasher flick , primarily because it is dull
supposed to be a humorous , all-too-human look at how hope can breed a certain kind of madness -- and strength
i saw this movie and i could just skip it
i was feeling this movie until it veered off too far into the exxon zone , and left me behind at the station looking for a return ticket to realism
i was feeling this movie until it veered off too far into the exxon zone , and left me behind at the station looking for a return ticket to realism .
supposed to be a romantic comedy
glibly tick off every point of `` The Longest Yard '' playbook like a checklist .
giving a big middle-fingered `` shut up '' to those who talk up what is nothing more than two guys beating the hell outta
giving a big middle-fingered `` shut up '' to those who talk up what is nothing more than two guys beating the hell outta one another
gives them a bad odor .
no point of view , no contemporary interpretation of Joan 's prefeminist plight
no point in extracting the bare bones of Byatt 's plot for purposes of bland Hollywood romance
no plot in this Antonio Banderas-Lucy Liu faceoff . It 's still terrible
no plot
no point
no real point
Instead of a balanced film that explains the zeitgeist that is the X Games
Instead of a balanced film that explains the zeitgeist that is the X Games , we get a cinematic postcard that 's superficial and unrealized .
Initial strangeness inexorably gives way to rote sentimentality and
Instead of letting the laughs come as they may , Lawrence unleashes his trademark misogyny -- er , comedy -- like a human volcano or an overflowing septic tank , take your pick .
adapted by Kevin Molony from Simon Leys ' novel `` The Death of Napoleon '' and directed by Alan Taylor , Napoleon 's journey is interesting but his Parisian rebirth is stillborn
blown
blown his entire budget on soundtrack rights
blown his entire budget
admire it and yet can not recommend it , because it overstays its natural running time .
admit I walked out of Runteldat
Amy 's self-absorbed personality
none of the plot ` surprises ' are really surprising
underwritten roles
none of the crackle of '' Fatal Attraction '' , '' 9 1\/2 Weeks '' ,
none of the crackle of '' Fatal Attraction '' , '' 9 1\/2 Weeks '' , or even '' Indecent Proposal ''
none of the plot ` surprises '
none of the crackle of '' Fatal Attraction ''
none of the crackle of '' Fatal Attraction '' ,
none of the crackle of '' Fatal Attraction '' , ''
none of the crackle of '' Fatal Attraction '' , '' 9 1\/2 Weeks ''
that wo n't stand the test of time
to squeeze a few laughs out of the material
to spend their time in the theater thinking up grocery lists and ways to tell their kids how not to act like Pinocchio . As for children
to sporting one of the worst titles in recent cinematic history
to split up so that it can do even more damage
with flailing bodily movements
with exasperating blandness by Laura Regan
with few moments of joy rising above the stale material
Poor editing , bad bluescreen
standoffish to everyone else , and smugly suggests a superior moral tone is more important than filmmaking skill
standoffish to everyone else
standard issue
standard thriller and drag audience enthusiasm to crush depth
standard thriller and drag audience enthusiasm
to expect more from this studio than some 79-minute after-school `` cartoon ''
her tragedies
mishandled
mishandle the story 's promising premise of a physician who needs to heal himself .
misguided project
misfiring
mishandle the story 's promising premise of a physician who needs to heal himself
miserable and smug . This is one of the biggest disappointments of the year
miserable and smug .
miserable throughout as he swaggers through his scenes
miserable and smug . This is one of the biggest disappointments of the year .
Purely propaganda
Just plain bad .
cringing
crimes against humanity
silly childhood nostalgia slumber
its dying
when one has nothing else to watch
for the breezy and amateurish feel of an after school special on the subject of tolerance
for the Marquis de Sade set
by the forced funniness found in the dullest kiddie flicks
by surrounding himself with untalented people
you 'll spy i spy at a video store near you
far less
an average comedic dateflick but not a waste of time
an average comedic dateflick but not
that Seagal 's overweight and out of shape
an atmosphere of dust-caked stagnation
an attempt to seem weird and distanced
an average comedic dateflick
or rolling your eyes
life . A little melodramatic ,
is about as interesting as an insurance commercial
is admire the ensemble players and wonder what the point of it is
to Rowling that stifles creativity and allows the film to drag on for nearly three hours
to really stay afloat for its just under ninety minute running time
, all intertwined and far too complicated to keep track of
, all credibility flies out the window .
, after-hours loopiness to it .
bang your head on the seat in front of you , at its cluelessness , at its idiocy ,
bang your head on the seat in front of you , at its cluelessness , at its idiocy
bang your head on the seat in front of you ,
bang your head on the seat in front of you , at its cluelessness ,
bang your head on the seat in front of you , at its cluelessness
banality
bang your head
banality and hypocrisy
a low-budget TV pilot
a low-budget TV pilot that could not find a buyer to play it on the tube
a lot of the crap
a lot of metaphoric flags
a lot less sensational than it wants to be
that is so insanely stupid , so awful in so many ways that watching it leaves you giddy . Half Past Dead is just such an achievement
a low-budget hybrid
a low-budget hybrid of Scarface
there 's no larger point , and little social context
The movie bounces all over the map .
The movie , directed by Mick Jackson , leaves no cliche unturned , from the predictable plot to the characters straight out of central casting .
The movie 's accumulated force still feels like an ugly knot tightening in your stomach .
The movie 's accumulated force still feels like an ugly knot tightening in your stomach . But is that knot from dramatic tension or a symptom of artistic malnutrition ?
The movie 's biggest offense is its complete and utter lack of tension .
If the film has a problem , its shortness disappoints :
If only it had the story to match
If the film fails to fulfill its own ambitious goals
If the film has a problem
low-down version
drivel so sickly sweet , even the eager consumers of Moore 's pasteurized ditties
seem tiresomely simpleminded
falls short in showing us Antonia 's true emotions
fallen
falling into the Hollywood trap and making a vanity project with nothing new to offer
falling into the Hollywood trap and
falling into the Hollywood trap
prefer to think of it as '' Pootie Tang with a budget
predictable thriller
stumbles
stumbles in search of all the emotions
seem tired
the inherent absurdity of Ganesh 's rise
the incessant , so-five-minutes-ago pop music
the improperly hammy performance from poor Stephen Rea
the incessant lounge music
the incomprehensible Anne Rice novel
Bad Company
Bad Company has one of the most moronic screenplays of the year , full of holes that will be obvious even to those who are n't looking for them .
Bad in such a bizarre way
sabotages the movie 's strengths at almost every juncture .
saccharine sentimentality
a bad movie ,
a bad mannered , ugly and destructive little \*\*\*\*
One-sided documentary offers simplistic explanations to a very complex situation ... Stylistically , the movie is a disaster
One-sided documentary offers simplistic explanations to a very complex situation ... Stylistically , the movie is a disaster .
One suspects that Craven endorses They simply because this movie makes his own look much better by comparison .
One-sided
One-sided documentary
too unflinching
too violent
too violent and sordid to function as comedy
too-extreme-for-TV
too-long , spoofy update
for no better reason
for most of the characters . Nothing about them is attractive .
I was surprised at how quickly it faded from my memory
I was surprised at how quickly it faded from my memory .
live up to the sum of its parts
seem to be in two different movies
is entertaining on an inferior level
is essentially an extended soap opera
is essentially a `` Dungeons and Dragons '' fantasy with modern military weaponry
is evidence that the Farrelly Bros. -- Peter and Bobby -- and their brand of screen comedy are wheezing to an end , along with Green 's half-hearted movie career
seem to find the oddest places to dwell
the choking sense
listless , witless , and devoid of anything
delivered hokum of Hart 's War is never fun
interesting than the screenplay , which lags badly in the middle and lurches between not-very-funny comedy , unconvincing dramatics and some last-minute action strongly reminiscent of Run Lola Run
interlocked stories drowned by all too clever complexity
interminable , shapeless documentary
whiplash
Borscht
Borrows from other movies
Borrows from other movies like it in the most ordinary and obvious fashion .
that much . Each scene immediately succumbs to gravity and plummets to earth
that movie nothing more than a tepid exercise in
that movie was pretty bad
despicable characters
despicable
that movie nothing
The direction occasionally rises to the level of marginal competence
The direction , by George Hickenlooper , has no snap to it , no wiseacre crackle or hard-bitten cynicism .
The direction occasionally rises to the level of marginal competence , but for most of the film it is hard to tell who is chasing who or why .
The direction occasionally rises to the level of marginal competence , but for most of the film it is hard to tell who is chasing who or why
Gaping plot holes sink this ` sub '
Gaghan captures the half-lit , sometimes creepy intimacy of college dorm rooms , a subtlety that makes the silly , over-the-top coda especially disappointing .
concerned with Sade 's ideas than with his actions
concession stand and\/or restroom
conceited
conceited pap
that someone other than the director got into the editing room and tried to improve things by making the movie go faster
the excruciating End of Days
hide a weak script
hiding behind cutesy film references
littered with trenchant satirical jabs at the peculiar egocentricities of the acting breed
high humidity
Who knows what exactly Godard is on about in this film
Wilde 's own vision of a pure comedy with absolutely no meaning , and no desire
is only so-so
is only so much baked cardboard I need to chew
Trouble Every Day is a success in some sense , but it 's hard to like a film so cold and dead
is one that should be thrown back in the river
at once flaky and resonant , lightweight and
but distancing
but be warned
hardly perfect
has a `` What was it all for
has a bloated plot that stretches the running time about 10 minutes
has a bloated plot that stretches the running time about 10 minutes past a child 's interest and an adult 's patience
's a mindless action flick with a twist -- far better suited to video-viewing than the multiplex
's a long way from Orwell 's dark , intelligent warning cry ( 1984 )
's a long way from Orwell 's dark , intelligent warning cry ( 1984 ) to the empty stud knockabout of Equilibrium
's a lot to ask people to sit still for two hours and change watching such a character , especially when rendered in as flat and impassive a manner as Phoenix 's
's a lot to ask people to sit still for two hours and change watching such a character , especially when rendered in as flat and impassive a manner as Phoenix 's .
's a lousy one at that
too many ideas floating around
too many ideas floating around -- part farce , part Sliding Doors , part pop video --
too many conflicts
too many ideas
too many pointless situations
too many prefabricated story elements
too many problems
too ludicrous and borderline insulting
tonight the maid is a lie and this
to think of a film more cloyingly sappy than Evelyn this year
Troll
enervating
that seek to remake Sleepless in Seattle again and again
annoying and artificial
annoying and
that will be hard to burn out of your brain
well-intentioned , but shamelessly manipulative movie
The problems and characters it reveals
The problem is the needlessly poor quality of its archival prints and film footage . The images lack contrast , are murky and are frequently too dark to be decipherable .
The problem is that it is one that allows him to churn out one mediocre movie after another .
The problem with ANTWONE FISHER is that it has a screenplay written by Antwone Fisher based on the book by Antwone Fisher .
more ambivalent set
more and more abhorrent
more and more frustrated and detached as Vincent became more and more abhorrent
It 's just that it 's so not-at-all-good .
is that it 's far too sentimental .
is that it 's far too sentimental
was n't one of the film 's virtues .
unforgettably uncertain
is that it 's a crime movie made by someone who obviously knows nothing about crime .
was n't one of the film 's virtues
is that it 's a crime movie made by someone who obviously knows nothing about crime
is that it 's a brazenly misguided project .
is that it 's a brazenly misguided project
was n't Shakespeare whom he wanted to define his career with but Pinocchio . It might as well have been Problem Child IV
in trying to be daring and original , it
well-meaning clunkiness
was made to get laughs from the slowest person in the audience -- just pure slapstick with lots of inane , inoffensive screaming and exaggerated facial expressions
in trying to be daring and original , it comes off as only occasionally satirical and never fresh
in trying to be daring and original , it comes off as only occasionally satirical and never fresh .
hate one character
hate this one , it 's not very good either .
hated
hated myself
hated myself in the morning .
... it was n't the subject matter that ultimately defeated the film ... It was the unfulfilling , incongruous , `` wait a second , did I miss something ? ''
... pitiful , slapdash disaster .
... overly melodramatic ...
... most viewers will wish there had been more of the `` Queen '' and less of the `` Damned . ''
Wasabi is slight fare indeed , with the entire project having the feel of something tossed off quickly ( like one of Hubert 's punches )
Was I scared ? Only at the prospect of Beck 's next project . Let 's see , a haunted house , a haunted ship , what 's next ... Ghost Blimp ?
Was I scared ? Only at the prospect of Beck 's next project . Let 's see , a haunted house , a haunted ship , what 's next ... Ghost Blimp
Was Going To Be Really Awful
Warmed-over Tarantino by way of wannabe Elmore Leonard .
everything 's in place but something 's just a little off-kilter
everything you do n't go to the movies for
it . No ,
's badly
you could say that a few of the characters act in ways that real people would n't ,
you could say that a few of the characters act in ways that real people would n't
's bad screenwriting
a really long , slow and dreary time
a really bad imitation
too amateurish
most of the distance
Remove Spider-Man the movie
seems more tacky and reprehensible
seems suited neither to kids or adults
Short Cuts
Shocking only in that it reveals the filmmaker 's bottomless pit of self-absorption .
More trifle than triumph .
More trifle than triumph
rather simplistic
rather slow
rather slow beginning
Kevin Kline who unfortunately works with a two star script
erratic career
ugly digital video
for a set . Reign of Fire has the disadvantage of also looking cheap
work because there is no foundation for it
done with noticeably less energy and imagination
done too often by people far more talented than Ali G
like trying to eat Brussels sprouts
for a waterlogged equivalent of a haunted-house movie
big excuse
too many '' serious
she might not make for a while
their lofty perch , that finally makes Sex With Strangers , which opens today in the New York metropolitan area , so distasteful
In a word : No
gruesome
as a remake , it 's a pale imitation
i 'm afraid you wo n't get through this frankly fantastical by-the-numbers b-flick with just a suspension of disbelief . rather
subzero
Mr . Soderbergh 's direction and visual style struck me as unusually and unimpressively fussy and pretentious .
rooting for the monsters in a horror movie
makes the film seem like something to endure instead of enjoy
makes the gang rumbles look like they 're being streamed
for one reason or another , Crush turns into a dire drama partway through .
makes sorry use of Aaliyah in her one and only starring role
makes previous vehicles look smart and sassy
daytime soaper
ultimately too repellent to fully endear itself to american art house audiences
walled-off
ultimate insignificance
conceived and shot on the fly -- like between lunch breaks for Shearer 's radio show and his Simpson voice-overs
conceive of anyone who has reached puberty actually finding the characters in Slackers or their antics amusing , let alone funny
conceivable mistake
grievous but obscure complaint
grievous but obscure
grievous but
it 's just another cartoon with an unstoppable superman .
it 's hard to shake the feeling that it was intended to be a different kind of film .
it 's hard to take her spiritual quest at all seriously
it 's harder still to believe that anyone in his right mind would want to see the it
it 's just a kids ' flick .
unintentional melodrama and tiresome love triangles
uninspired story
as yet another example of the sad decline of British comedies
unimaginatively
unimaginative screenwriter 's
unimaginative comedian
uninspired scripts , acting and direction
unimaginatively foul-mouthed
as what Christmas-tree flocking in a spray can is to actual snow : a poor -- if durable -- imitation
rooting against ,
like a blown-out vein
mismatched buddies
mismatched
mishmash that careens from dark satire to cartoonish slapstick
mishmash
misguided , and ill-informed , if nonetheless compulsively watchable
misguided , and ill-informed , if
misguided , and ill-informed ,
misguided , and
is an exercise in pointlessness .
is another liability
the writing is indifferent , and
Sure , it 's more of the same ,
travesty
generic , untidy , condescending and mild
is ) the comedy equivalent of Saddam Hussein , and I 'm just about ready to go to the U . N . and ask permission for a preemptive strike
is ) the comedy equivalent of Saddam Hussein , and
is ) a fascinating character , and deserves a better vehicle than this facetious smirk of a movie .
is ) a fascinating character , and deserves a better vehicle than this facetious smirk of a movie
is ) looking down at your watch and realizing Serving Sara is n't even halfway through .
is ) looking down at your watch and realizing Serving Sara is n't even halfway through
is ) the comedy equivalent of Saddam Hussein ,
is ) the comedy equivalent of Saddam Hussein
is rote work and predictable ,
is robbed and replaced with a persecuted '' other
is rote work and predictable
wheezing terrorist subplot
is rotten in the state of California
when a documentary fails to live up to -- or offer any new insight into -- its chosen topic
when a documentary fails to live up to -- or offer any new insight into -- its chosen topic .
its own detriment
its own ironic implications
would recommend Big Bad Love only to Winger fans who have missed her since 1995 's Forget Paris .
undercuts
would seem to have a lock on the title of ugliest movie of the year
would send this ill-conceived folly to sleep with the fishes .
would shun her kids , travel to one of the most dangerous parts of the world , don fatigues and become G . I . Jane
what you get with empire is a movie you 've seen many times before , repackaged as new material because there is a latino in the lead .
, bad , bad movie
of a cesspool
of a been-there , done-that sameness
crushingly depressing
cruel
cruelly
bugged me
flaky
over the map thematically and stylistically , and borrows heavily from Lynch , Jeunet , and von Trier while failing to find a spark of its own
over with
in spite of its predictability
much about any aspect of it , from its cheesy screenplay
muted and routine
movies like Ghost Ship will be used as analgesic balm for overstimulated minds . Right now
movies with giant plot holes
much a home video , and so devoid of artifice and purpose that it appears not to have been edited at all .
that good bits are hopelessly overshadowed
that groans along thinking itself some important comment on how life throws us some beguiling curves
that hand you a cup of coffee every few minutes . Like a marathon runner trying to finish a race , you need a constant influx of liquid just to get through it
that gets a quick release before real contenders arrive in September
that has all the elements necessary to be a fascinating , involving character study , but never does more than
if it 's an elaborate dare more than a full-blooded film
outta
outrageous central gimmick
outraged
all the time about seeing the same ideas repeated in films over and over again
go very right , and then step wrong
you take for granted in most films are mishandled here .
be a thousand years old , but why did it have to seem like it took another thousand to tell it to us ?
be a sudsy tub of supernatural hokum
be a sudsy tub of supernatural hokum ,
it is unapologetically dumb
that the fans of the first Men in Black have come away hating the second one
that the ` true story ' by which All the Queen 's Men is allegedly `` inspired '' was a lot funnier and more deftly enacted than what 's been cobbled together onscreen
that there 's no plot in this Antonio Banderas-Lucy Liu faceoff
that the film idiotically uses the website feardotcom.com or the improperly hammy performance from poor Stephen Rea
is n't much of a mystery , unfortunately .
is n't much there here .
is n't nearly as funny
mixed up
even a high school senior taking his or her first psychology class could dismiss them
even , at times , preposterous )
evasive
're just in the mood for a fun -- but bad -- movie
're in for a painful ride
're in for a painful ride .
-- as long as you 're wearing the somewhat cumbersome 3D goggles
like rancid crème brûlée
like one of Hubert 's punches )
though a morbid one
without beauty or humor
just sneers
just seems like it does . My only wish is that Celebi could take me back to a time before I saw this movie and I could just skip it .
just the sort of disposable , kitchen-sink homage that illustrates why the whole is so often less than the sum of its parts in today 's Hollywood
just too bad the screenwriters eventually shoot themselves in the feet with cop flick cliches like an oily arms dealer , squad car pile-ups and the requisite screaming captain
that you 've spent the past 20 minutes looking at your watch
that you had already seen that movie
that you feel like running out screaming
that you and they were in another movie
that you should have gotten more out of it than you did
given its Labor Day weekend upload , FearDotCom should log a minimal number of hits
are a few laughs and clever sight gags scattered about , but not enough to make this anything more than another big-budget bust
make the suckers out there surrender $ 9 and 93 minutes of unrecoverable life
make you feel that you never want to see another car chase , explosion or gunfight again
even his boisterous energy fails to spark this leaden comedy
even close to being the barn-burningly bad movie it promised it would be
like a wet burlap sack of gloom
like a spectator and not a participant
like a spring-break orgy for pretentious arts majors
like a student film
like a term paper
like a travel-agency video
like a very goofy museum exhibit
more unattractive or odorous
moronic
almost generic
almost entirely witless and inane ,
almost enough chuckles for a three-minute sketch , and no more
almost every possible way -- from the writing and direction to the soggy performances --
almost every possible way -- from the writing and direction to the soggy performances -- tossed off
almost feels as if the movie is more interested in entertaining itself than in amusing us .
too much
almost redundant to say so
ends with a large human tragedy . Alas , getting there is not even half the interest
ends with a large human tragedy . Alas , getting there is not even half the interest .
ends up seeming goofy
dying
's very little sense to what 's going on here
dry and
's virtually impossible to like any of these despicable characters .
duda
a time when half the so-called real movies are little more than live-action cartoons
cheesy screenplay
childlike dimness
childlike dimness and
the director taking a hands-off approach when he should have shaped the story to show us why it 's compelling
the director treats us to an aimless hodgepodge
the disappointingly generic nature
the disappointingly generic nature of the entire effort
the disjointed
the tale with bogus profundities
run out of clever ideas and visual gags about halfway through
run out screaming
ruins itself with too many contrivances and goofy situations .
Here 's yet another studio horror franchise mucking up its storyline with glitches casual fans could correct in their sleep . But
run out of clever ideas and visual gags
a multitude of simple-minded
a mystery how the movie could be released in this condition
a mystery devoid
a nearly terminal case
run-of-the-mill Disney sequel
run-of-the-mill action
cardiac arrest
cardiac
they are not enough
running on empty
that we just ca n't get no satisfaction
a family of five blind , crippled , Amish people alive in this situation
has never
this that puts flimsy flicks like this behind bars
this thriller is too loud and thoroughly overbearing
this supposedly funny movie
this superficially loose , larky documentary
Guided more by intellect than heart , his story flattens instead of sharpens .
a huge disappointment coming , as it does ,
a huge disappointment coming , as it does , from filmmakers and performers of this calibre
a huge disappointment coming , as it does
seems to have forgotten everything he ever knew about generating suspense
seems to have forgotten everything he ever knew about generating suspense .
seems to have in mind an ( emotionally at least ) adolescent audience demanding regular shocks and bouts of barely defensible sexual violence to keep it interested
seems to have in mind an ( emotionally at least ) adolescent audience demanding regular shocks and bouts of barely defensible sexual violence to keep it interested .
seems to have cared much about any aspect of it , from its cheesy screenplay to the grayish quality of its lighting to its last-minute , haphazard theatrical release
seems to have cared much about any aspect of it , from its cheesy screenplay to the grayish quality of its lighting to its last-minute , haphazard theatrical release .
ill fit
there 's nothing resembling a spine here
does not really make the case the Kissinger should be tried as a war criminal .
does not really
does not really make the case the Kissinger should be tried as a war criminal
oops
find 80 minutes of these shenanigans exhausting
messy , murky ,
messy , murky
Afraid to pitch into farce , yet only half-hearted in its spy mechanics
After that it becomes long and tedious like a classroom play in a college history course .
African-Americans because of its broad racial insensitivity towards African-Americans
After all , it 'll probably be in video stores by Christmas , and it might just be better suited to a night in the living room than a night at the movies .
this poor remake
this piece of crap
this poor remake of such a well loved classic
this pretentious mess
this predictable romantic comedy should get a pink slip
A rip-off twice removed , modeled after ( Seagal 's ) earlier copycat Under Siege
thrills , too many flashbacks and a choppy ending
A reworking of Die Hard and Cliffhanger but it 's nowhere near as exciting as either .
A rip-off
A rip-off twice removed
A relentless , bombastic and ultimately empty World War II action
A relentless , bombastic and ultimately empty World War II action flick .
A reworking of Die Hard and Cliffhanger
thrills , too many flashbacks
misses a major opportunity to be truly revelatory about his psyche .
this ) meandering and pointless French coming-of-age import from writer-director Anne-Sophie Birot
becomes lifeless and
else about the film tanks
hampered by Taylor 's cartoonish performance and the film 's ill-considered notion
halfway through this picture I was beginning to hate it , and , of course
halfway through this picture I was beginning to hate it , and ,
halfway through this picture I was beginning to hate it
halfway mark it takes an abrupt turn into glucose sentimentality and laughable contrivance .
of the storytelling , which undercuts the devastatingly telling impact of utter loss personified in the film 's simple title
looks made for cable rather than for the big screen .
looks made for cable rather than for the big screen
looks like it was produced in 1954 , shelved for 48 years , and repackaged for a 2002 audience .
looks like the six-time winner of the Miss Hawaiian Tropic Pageant , so I do n't know what she 's doing in here
focuses on Joan 's raging hormones and sledgehammers the audience with Spanish inquisitions about her `` madness ''
focuses on Joan 's raging hormones and sledgehammers the audience with Spanish inquisitions about her `` madness '' so much
flopped as surely as a soufflé gone wrong
loose ends with more bows
flog the dead horse of surprise as if it were an obligation
loves the members of the upper class almost as much as they love themselves
love with its overinflated mythology that it no longer recognizes the needs of moviegoers for real characters and compelling plots
love with its overinflated mythology that it no longer recognizes the needs of moviegoers for real characters and compelling plots .
if she had to sit through it again , she should ask for a raise
it searches ( vainly , I think ) for something fresh to say
it set out to lampoon , anyway
is so intent on hammering home his message that he forgets to make it entertaining
is so intent on hammering home his message that he forgets to make it entertaining .
sadly
sadly proving once again ego does n't always go hand in hand with talent
once again ego does n't always go hand in hand with talent
chomp on jumbo ants , pull an arrow out of his back
chomp on jumbo ants , pull an arrow out of his back , and
instead to theaters . It 's hard to imagine acting that could be any flatter
instead comes closer to the failure of the third Revenge of the Nerds sequel .
instantly forgettable snow-and-stuntwork extravaganza
instead comes closer to the failure of the third Revenge of the Nerds sequel
, maudlin and cliche-ridden
, mass drug-induced bowel evacuations , and none-too-funny commentary on the cultural distinctions between Americans and Brits .
, manipulative
toasts at a testimonial dinner than a documentary
, meandering
, mayhem and stupidity
If that does n't clue you in that something 's horribly wrong
If that does n't clue you in that something 's horribly wrong , nothing will .
Throughout all the tumult , a question comes to mind : So why is this so boring ?
If only it had the story to match .
a bland , surfacey way
Throwing in everything except someone pulling the pin from a grenade with his teeth , Windtalkers seems to have ransacked every old World War II movie for overly familiar material .
If religious films are n't your bailiwick , stay away .
If routine action and jokes like this are your cup of tea
a bit on the skinny side
a bit too much like an infomercial for Ram Dass 's latest book aimed at the boomer demographic .
impossible to even categorize this as a smutty guilty pleasure
a yawn or
overburdened with complicated plotting and banal dialogue
overcome bad hair design
overblown enterprise
overcome the sense that Pumpkin is a mere plot pawn for two directors with far less endearing disabilities
overcome the film 's manipulative sentimentality and annoying stereotypes
might as well be watching a rerun
rough-around-the-edges , low-budget constraints
much stranger than any fiction
being nothing more than a formulaic chase in the dark
being merely grim
for a painful ride
provokes a handful of unintentional howlers and numerous yawns
unbearably dull
the believability of the entire scenario . Too bad
the bellyaching of a paranoid and unlikable man
runs around and acts like a doofus
Lookin ' for sin , American-style ?
gory as the scenes of torture and self-mutilation may be
gory as the scenes of torture and self-mutilation
a total lack
a total loss
a total lack of empathy
it , particularly that unexpected downer of an ending
it 's slow at times
it 's rather messy
it 's not terribly original
Ah , what the hell
it does n't have more flashes of insight
it bangs a very cliched drum at times
that is beyond playing fair with the audience
that is a cliche
that if the video is n't back at Blockbuster before midnight , you 're going to face frightening late fees
that if the concept is a poor one , there 's no saving the movie
that if the filmmakers just follow the books
it 's all pretty tame . the most offensive thing about the movie is that hollywood expects people to pay to see it
turns a potentially interesting idea into an excruciating film school experience that plays better only for the film 's publicists or for people who take as many drugs as the film 's characters
turns a potentially interesting idea into an excruciating film
nap for an hour and not miss a thing
nap for an hour and
nap for an hour
narcissism
superficial and unrealized
super-sized infomercial
summer fluff
summer-camp talent show
a bored Cage
a bored Cage spent the duration of the film 's shooting schedule waiting to scream
cable channel
should avoid this like the dreaded King Brown snake . Personally
light a fire with soggy leaves
lifted from a screenwriter 's outline and thrown at actors charged with the impossible task of making them jell
lifted from a screenwriter 's outline and
it can do even more damage
it can only be seen as propaganda
it comes off as annoying rather than charming
it certainly wo n't win any honors
it collapses like an overcooked soufflé .
while the remainder ... would be more at home on a daytime television serial
it might be tempting to regard mr . andrew and his collaborators as oddballs , but mr . earnhart 's quizzical ,
it sounds sick and twisted
it migraine-inducing
it sounds sick and twisted ,
'll find in this dreary mess .
'll find yourself wishing that you and they were in another movie
'll just have your head in your hands wondering why Lee 's character did n't just go to a bank manager and save everyone the misery
'll only put you to sleep
when it turns into an elegiacally soggy Saving Private Ryanovich
to justify its pretensions
when it tries to makes us laugh
an hour-and-a-half-long commercial for Britney 's latest album
nothing about El Gallo other than what emerges through his music
while waiting for the ending credits and the deleted scenes montage to break the audience 's awkward silence
an hour-and-a-half-long commercial
A dumb movie with dumb characters doing dumb things and you have to be really dumb not to see where this is going
an imitation movie
A fairly by-the-books blend
A dumb movie
A dumb movie with dumb characters
A dumb movie with dumb characters doing dumb things
an idea that should 've been so much more even if it was only made for teenage boys and wrestling fans
be snide
an obsessive-compulsive 's
Where last time jokes flowed out of Cho 's life story , which provided an engrossing dramatic through line , here the comedian hides behind obviously constructed routines .
While ( Hill ) has learned new tricks , the tricks alone are not enough to salvage this lifeless boxing film .
While Benigni ( who stars and co-wrote ) seems to be having a wonderful time , he might be alone in that .
any of these three actresses , nor their characters , deserve
prompting audience members to wonder , ` What 's the point ? '
of tragic loss and increasing decrepitude
here he has constructed a film so labyrinthine that it defeats his larger purpose
here except for some awful acting and lame special effects
here lacks considerable brio .
here suffer from the chosen format .
when he goes out into public , to avoid being recognized as the man who bilked unsuspecting moviegoers
when filmmakers throw a few big-name actors and cameos at a hokey script
when he veers into sodden melodrama , punctuated by violins , it 's disastrous
when he moves his setting to the past , and relies on a historical text , he loses the richness of characterization that makes his films so memorable
when in fact the film is n't as flippant or slick as it thinks it is
when it takes itself too seriously
the longest 90 minutes of your movie-going life
It 's clotted with heavy-handed symbolism , dime-store psychology and endless scenic shots that make 105 minutes seem twice as long .
would 've worked a lot better had it been a short film .
, it implodes in a series of very bad special effects .
, it has some problems
, it has no sense of humor
, it has all the heart of a porno flick ( but none of the sheer lust ) .
, it does n't even seem like she tried .
, it is a failure .
their underwritten roles
The script is a tired one , with few moments of joy rising above the stale material .
The script has less spice than a rat burger and The Rock 's fighting skills are more in line with Steven Seagal .
The script boasts some tart TV-insider humor , but the film has not a trace of humanity or empathy
The script has less spice than a rat burger
The script boasts some tart TV-insider humor , but the film has not a trace of humanity or empathy .
The script has less spice than a rat burger and The Rock 's fighting skills are more in line with Steven Seagal
The script has less spice than a rat burger and
the whole series is so much pretentious nonsense , lavishly praised by those who equate obscurity with profundity
the wiser and Jason still kills on auto-pilot
because the villain could n't pick the lint off Borg Queen Alice Krige 's cape ; and finishes half a parsec ( a nose ) ahead of Generations
because there 's precious little substance in Birthday Girl
of ridiculous sourness
You do n't know whether to admire the film 's stately nature and call it classicism or be exasperated by a noticeable lack of pace .
You can taste it , but there 's no fizz .
The town has kind of an authentic feel , but each one of these people stand out and everybody else is in the background and it just seems manufactured to me and artificial
caricature
career - kids = misery
career - kids = misery )
smear
to jerky to utter turkey
, irredeemably awful .
smeary and blurry
to just call it ABC Kiarostami . For AIDS and Africa are nothing more than part of the scenery
achingly unfunny Phonce
infuriating flaws
infuriating
The filmmaker ascends , literally , to the Olympus of the art world , but he would have done well to end this flawed , dazzling series with the raising of something other than his own cremaster
is sordid and disgusting . Quelle surprise
The filmmakers are playing to the Big Boys in New York and L . A . To that end , they mock the kind of folks they do n't understand , ones they figure the power-lunchers do n't care to understand , either .
might I suggest that the wayward wooden one end it all by stuffing himself into an electric pencil sharpener
Ill-considered
the unmentionable
is less than the sum of its parts .
is less than the sum of its parts
a nationwide blight
A high-minded snoozer .
spite of Good Housekeeping 's unsavory characters and WWF mentality
A gushy episode of `` M \* A \* S \* H '' only this time from an Asian perspective .
A half-assed film .
five hours long
, soap opera-ish dialogue
, slow and dreary
, so dumb
, someone should dispense the same advice to film directors .
, soggy potboiler
Just another disjointed , fairly predictable psychological thriller .
, sometimes creepy intimacy
A Movie to Forget
Just embarrassment and a vague sense
Just embarrassment and
Schaeffer 's film never settles into the light-footed enchantment the material needs ,
Schaeffer 's film never settles into the light-footed enchantment the material needs , and
Schaeffer 's film never settles into the light-footed enchantment the material needs
Schaeffer 's film never settles into the light-footed enchantment the material needs , and the characters ' quirks and foibles never jell into charm
Schaeffer 's film never settles into the light-footed enchantment the material needs , and the characters ' quirks and foibles never jell into charm .
can detract from the affection of that moral favorite
go away
violent jealousy
viewers may be hard pressed to retain their lunch
it 's not very interesting .
it 's pretty stupid .
Myers never knows when to let a gag die ; thus , we 're subjected to one mind-numbingly lengthy riff on poo and pee jokes after another
Myers never knows when to let a gag die ; thus , we 're subjected to one mind-numbingly lengthy riff on poo and pee jokes after another .
Myers never knows when to let a gag die
Myers never knows when to let a gag die ;
My response to the film is best described as lukewarm . Maybe I found the proceedings a little bit too conventional .
pointless , tasteless and idiotic
pointless meditation
pointless meditation on losers in a gone-to-seed hotel
pointless meditation on losers in a gone-to-seed hotel .
Every good actor needs to do his or her own Hamlet . For Benigni it was n't Shakespeare whom he wanted to define his career with but Pinocchio . It might as well have been Problem Child IV .
as claustrophic , suffocating and chilly as the attics to which they were inevitably consigned
fortify this turgid fable
formulaic
gorgeous animation and a lame story ( like , say , Treasure Planet )
who sometimes defies sympathy
who sometimes feel more like literary conceits than flesh-and-blood humans
who surely read The Catcher in the Rye but clearly suffers from dyslexia
skeptics
Any film that does n't even in passing mention political prisoners , poverty and the boat loads of people who try to escape the country
Any film that does n't even in passing mention political prisoners , poverty and the boat loads of people who try to escape the country is less a documentary and more propaganda by way of a valentine sealed with a kiss .
Any Chekhov is better than no Chekhov , but it would be a shame if this was your introduction to one of the greatest plays of the last 100 years
Any attempts at nuance given by the capable cast
Any attempts at nuance given by the capable cast is drowned out by director Jon Purdy 's sledgehammer sap .
is that rare combination of bad writing , bad direction and bad acting -- the trifecta of badness .
is that the entire exercise has no real point
is that sort of thing all over again
is that there is nothing in it to engage children emotionally
it takes to describe how bad it is
'' The Time Machine '' is a movie that has no interest in itself . It does n't believe in itself , it has no sense of humor ... it 's just plain bored .
the smeary
that Santa bumps up against 21st century reality so hard
that Undercover Brother missed an opportunity to strongly present some profound social commentary
, One Hour Photo lives down to its title .
if it pushes its agenda too forcefully
the theater thinking up grocery lists and ways to tell their kids how not to act like Pinocchio
into How Long Is This Movie ?
otherwise dull subjects
otherwise dull
otherwise mediocre film
otherwise mediocre
you have to give the audience a reason to want to put for that effort
is a subzero version of Monsters , Inc . , without the latter 's imagination
is a subzero version of Monsters , Inc . ,
is a step down for director Gary Fleder .
is a step down for director Gary Fleder
is a subzero version of Monsters , Inc . , without the latter 's imagination , visual charm or texture .
is a subzero version of Monsters , Inc . , without the latter 's imagination , visual charm or texture
to theaters . It 's hard to imagine acting that could be any flatter
While I ca n't say it 's on par with the first one
While it can be a bit repetitive
turn down a big bowl of that
messy , murky , unsatisfying
metaphysical claptrap
mid-to-low budget
tolerate Leon Barlow . I ca n't
told what actually happened as if it were the third ending of Clue
The film 's hackneyed message is not helped by the thin characterizations , nonexistent plot and pretentious visual style .
The film 's tone and pacing are off almost from the get-go .
when it does n't work
if it had been only half-an-hour long or a TV special , the humor would have been fast and furious -- at ninety minutes , it drags
thought would leave you
Not exactly the Bees Knees
Not every animated film from Disney will become a classic , but forgive me if I 've come to expect more from this studio than some 79-minute after-school '' cartoon '' .
roughage
a timeframe that mandates that you avoid the Godzilla sized soda
stops shy of overkill , though viewers may be more exhausted than the athletes onscreen
then just fell
then just fell apart
takes a bit too long
I ca n't think of a single good reason to see this movie , even though everyone in my group extemporaneously shouted
I ca n't think of a single good reason to see this movie , even though everyone in my group extemporaneously shouted ,
sadness and obsession
waking coma
your least favorite James Bond movie seem as cleverly plotted as The Usual Suspects
your least favorite
Each story on its own could have been expanded and worked into a compelling single feature , but in its current incarnation , Storytelling never quite gets over its rather lopsided conception
, yikes ,
, writer-director Peter Mattei 's first feature microwaves dull leftover romantic motifs basted in faux-contemporary gravy .
brothers envious
, you 'd think filmmaker Simon Wells would have more reverence for the material . But this costly dud is a far cry from either the book or the beloved film .
, you 'll be laughing at Britney Spears ' movie-starring debut whenever it does n't have you impatiently squinting at your watch .
brooding
in Trouble Every Day
there 's a heaven for bad movies
there 's apparently nothing left to work with , sort of like Michael Jackson 's nose .
there 's just not much lurking below its abstract surface
there 's likely very little crossover appeal to those without much interest in the Elizabethans ( as well as rank frustration from those in the know about Rubbo 's dumbed-down tactics )
pausing only to tie up loose ends with more bows than you 'll find on a French poodle
walked out
go soft and stinky
go rent '' Shakes The Clown '' , a much funnier film with a similar theme and an equally great Robin Williams performance
contentious configurations
while lulling us into torpor with his cultivated allergy
Slap her - she 's not funny ! No French people were harmed during the making of this movie , but
Slap her - she 's not funny ! No French people were harmed during the making of this movie ,
at a failure of our justice system
Herzog is obviously looking for a moral to his fable , but the notion that a strong , unified showing among Germany and Eastern European Jews might have changed 20th-Century history is undermined by Ahola 's inadequate performance .
middle-fingered
at a speed that is slow to those of us in middle age and deathly slow to any teen . With a cast of A-list Brit actors
Slap her - she 's not funny ! No French people were harmed during the making of this movie , but they were insulted and the audience was put through torture for an hour and a half .
, insensitive
, interesting failure
I realized this is a throwaway movie that wo n't stand the test of time . It 's a trifle .
This is a film living far too much in its own head .
This is a fudged opportunity of gigantic proportions -- a lunar mission with no signs of life .
as claustrophic , suffocating and chilly
action-packed trash
took 19 predecessors to get THIS ?
dying to see the same old thing in a tired old setting
turn out to be a bit of a cheat in the end
- and audience-abuse
Another boorish movie from the I-heard-a-joke - at-a-frat-party school of screenwriting .
Not everything
shadowy
attack
shapelessly
at the station looking for a return ticket to realism
Goldbacher
it stuck to Betty Fisher and left out the other stories
a mall movie designed to kill time
direct-to-video ' release
dire drama partway
soured me on The Santa Clause 2 was that Santa bumps up against 21st century reality so hard
sour
A dark comedy that goes for sick and demented humor simply to do so . The movie is without intent .
Purports to be a Hollywood satire but winds up as the kind of film that should be the target of something
Purports to be a Hollywood satire but winds up as the kind of film that should be the target of something deeper and more engaging .
Mindless and boring
Mindless and boring martial arts and gunplay with too little excitement and zero compelling storyline .
Mindless
Mindless and
Minac drains his movie of all individuality
A depraved , incoherent , instantly disposable piece of hackery
A depraved , incoherent , instantly disposable piece of hackery .
to understand why anyone in his right mind would even think to make the attraction a movie
to use the word `` new '' in its title
have forsaken the entertaining elements of the original and , instead , rehash old jokes
have forsaken the entertaining elements of the original and , instead , rehash old jokes and
have forsaken the entertaining elements of the original and , instead , rehash old jokes and leave any life at the doorstep
have forsaken the entertaining elements of the original and , instead , rehash old jokes and leave any life at the doorstep .
have gone straight to video .
have had free rein to be as pretentious as he wanted
ludicrous and contrived
ludicrous and contrived plot
lumpy as two-day old porridge
of an ignored people
nearly provoked me to take my own life
need a constant influx of liquid just to get through it .
Good-looking but relentlessly lowbrow outing plays like Clueless Does South Fork .
what critics have come to term an '' ambitious failure
Gooding and Coburn are both Oscar winners , a fact which , as you watch them clumsily mugging their way through Snow Dogs , seems inconceivable .
Brisk hack job
Like puppies with broken legs \/ And butterflies that die \/ And movies starring pop queens
As elegantly crafted as it often is , Anderson 's movie is essentially a one-trick pony that , hampered by an undeveloped script , ultimately pulls up lame .
Like being able to hit on a 15-year old when you 're over 100 .
not a word of English
not always a narratively cohesive one .
like Heathers , then becomes Bring it On , then becomes unwatchable
like High Crimes flog the dead horse of surprise as if it were an obligation . How about surprising us by trying something new
like High Crimes flog the dead horse of surprise as if it were an obligation . How about surprising us by trying something new ?
is whether these ambitions , laudable in themselves , justify a theatrical simulation of the death camp of Auschwitz II-Birkenau .
is where Ararat went astray .
come up with an original idea for a teen movie
annoying ,
annoying demeanour
a man in pain
One Hour Photo may seem disappointing in its generalities
One Hour Photo may seem disappointing in its generalities , but
One Hour Photo may seem disappointing in its generalities , but it 's the little nuances that perhaps had to escape from director Mark Romanek 's self-conscious scrutiny to happen , that finally get under your skin
One Hour Photo may seem disappointing in its generalities , but it 's the little nuances that perhaps had to escape from director Mark Romanek 's self-conscious scrutiny to happen , that finally get under your skin .
diminishing effect
is n't worth sitting through
is n't very good
is so bad that I even caught the gum stuck under my seat trying to sneak out of the theater
is small and shriveled
is so anemic
is so bad it does n't improve upon the experience of staring at a blank screen .
is so bad it does n't improve upon the experience of staring at a blank screen
thinly-conceived
No one involved , save Dash , shows the slightest aptitude for acting , and
that it makes films like XXX and Collateral Damage seem like thoughtful treatises
some flawed but rather unexceptional women ,
small and easily overshadowed by its predictability
know exactly where it 's heading
uncharted depths of stupidity , incoherence and sub-sophomoric sexual banter
know annoyingly self-involved people who speak in glib sentences that could have only come from the pen of a screenwriter
knocks it flat
is as close as you can get to an imitation movie
is as bad at it is cruel
is as conventional as can be
is as generic as its title
by some cynical creeps at revolution studios
by the artsy and often pointless visuals
get in the car , bitch ,
's fitfully funny but never really takes off .
's fitfully funny but never really takes off
will wish the movie were less simplistic , obvious , clumsily plotted and shallowly characterized . But what are adults doing in the theater at all ?
will stomp away in disgust
it 's lousy
together his slasher video from spare parts
terrifying message
on too many tried-and-true shenanigans that hardly distinguish it from the next teen comedy
some flawed but rather unexceptional women
are blunt and
are both overplayed and exaggerated
are blunt and challenging and offer no easy rewards for staying clean
to review on DVD
terrifying angst
's just too bad the screenwriters eventually shoot themselves in the feet with cop flick cliches like an oily arms dealer , squad car pile-ups and the requisite screaming captain
starts off so bad
starts off promisingly but then proceeds to flop
starts off as a possible Argentine American Beauty reeks like a room stacked with pungent flowers .
starts off as a possible Argentine American Beauty reeks like a room stacked with pungent flowers
starts off as a satisfying kids flck becomes increasingly implausible as it races through contrived plot points .
starts off as a satisfying kids flck becomes increasingly implausible as it races through contrived plot points
starts out like Heathers , then becomes Bring it On , then becomes unwatchable
starts off so bad that you feel like running out screaming
he slaps together his own brand of liberalism
might have been saved if the director , Tom Dey , had spliced together bits and pieces of Midnight Run and 48 Hours ( and , for that matter , Shrek ) .
might have been saved if the director , Tom Dey , had spliced together bits and pieces of Midnight Run and 48 Hours ( and , for that matter , Shrek )
inexpressible and drab wannabe
claustrophobic concept
clean-cut Dahmer
The Hot Chick , the latest gimmick from this unimaginative comedian
hypertime in reverse
awful acting
awful and
awful as some of the recent Hollywood trip tripe
awful and appealing .
unnerving way
some contrived banter , cliches and
some contrived banter , cliches and some loose ends
some doldrums
droning house music
drops the ball too many times
damned in Queen of the Damned
droning
driven by the pathetic idea
driven by the pathetic idea that if you shoot something on crummy-looking videotape , it must be labelled ` hip ' , ` innovative ' and ` realistic '
unsettled
manipulation or corny conventions
with weak dialogue and biopic
fizzles like a wet stick of dynamite at the very end .
fizzles
Sonny is spiked with unintentional laughter that , unfortunately , occurs too infrequently to make the film even a guilty pleasure .
Sorority Boys , whose makers apparently believe that women 's clothing can cover up any deficiency in acting , writing or direction
Sometimes seems less like storytelling than something the otherwise compelling director needed to get off his chest .
Sorry
with untalented people
I would leave the theater with a lower I.Q. than when I had entered
I would have preferred a transfer down the hall to Mr. Holland 's class for the music , or to Robin Williams 's lecture so I could listen to a teacher with humor , passion , and verve .
Idiotic and ugly
excruciating film
excruciating demonstration
excuse for a film
a predictable connect-the-dots course
The film is based on truth and yet there is something about it that feels incomplete , as if the real story starts just around the corner
The film is directed by Wally Wolodarsky from a script by Joe Jarvis and Greg Coolidge . These are names to remember , in order to avoid them in the future .
The film is based on truth and yet there is something about it that feels incomplete , as if the real story starts just around the corner .
The film has a few cute ideas and several modest chuckles but it is n't exactly kiddie-friendly ... Alas , Santa is more ho-hum than ho-ho-ho and the Snowman ( who never gets to play that flute ) has all the charm of a meltdown .
The film is a travesty of the genre and even as spoof takes itself too seriously .
The film is itself a sort of cinematic high crime , one that brings military courtroom dramas down very , very low .
The film is flat .
Wow . I have not been this disappointed by a movie in a long time .
sags in pace
Home Alone goes Hollywood , a funny premise until the kids start pulling off stunts not even Steven Spielberg would know how to do
Hollywood-action cliches
Hopkins looks like a drag queen .
the movie equivalent of staring into an open wound
explode obnoxiously into 2 , 500 screens
explode obnoxiously
expected it to be
numerous flashbacks
exploit the familiar
this How Martha Got Her Groove Back -- assuming , that is , she ever had one to begin with
need not apply .
Chinese society or the price one pays for being dishonest .
while some weird relative trots out the video he took of the family vacation to Stonehenge . Before long , you 're desperate for the evening to end
It wants to be thought of as a subversive little indie film ,
It treats women like idiots .
It takes talent to make a lifeless movie about the most heinous man who ever lived .
It wants to be thought of as a subversive little indie film
It virtually defines a comedy that 's strongly mediocre , with funny bits surfacing every once in a while .
It tries too hard , and overreaches the logic of its own world .
we 're left thinking the only reason to make the movie is because present standards allow for plenty of nudity
we 're not supposed to take it seriously
wayward wooden one
the final result makes for adequate entertainment , i suppose , but anyone who has seen chicago on stage will leave the theater feeling they 've watched nothing but a pale imitation of the real deal
what could 've been an impacting film
stretched out to 90 minutes
stretched out to feature length
Like the Hanks character , he 's a slow study : The action is stilted and the tabloid energy embalmed .
Nothing debases a concept comedy quite like the grinding of bad ideas
Nothing debases a concept comedy quite like the grinding of bad ideas ,
Not since Freddy Got Fingered has a major release been so painful to sit through .
Not so much funny as aggressively sitcom-cute
Not so much funny as aggressively sitcom-cute , it 's full of throwaway one-liners , not-quite jokes , and a determined TV amiability that Allen personifies .
Not sweet enough to liven up its predictable story and will leave even fans
Not sweet enough to liven up its predictable story and will leave even fans of hip-hop
Not sweet enough to liven up its predictable story and will leave even fans of hip-hop sorely disappointed .
Nothing about it
Nothing about it fits .
a nonstop parade of mock-Tarantino scuzbag types
kooky and overeager
too infrequently to make the film even a guilty pleasure
with fewer gags to break the tedium
with fewer deliberate laughs , more inadvertent ones and stunningly trite songs
with giant plot holes
with fewer gags to break the tedium .
the visuals , even erotically frank ones , become dullingly repetitive
Bread , My Sweet has so many flaws it would be easy for critics to shred it . It may even fall into the category of Films You Love to Hate . I admit it
Bread , My Sweet has so many flaws it would be easy for critics to shred it . It may even fall into the category of Films You Love to Hate . I admit it , I hate to like it .
Bray is completely at sea ; with nothing but a Savage Garden music video on his resume , he has no clue about making a movie .
at the same easy targets as other rowdy raunch-fests -- farts , boobs , unmentionables --
may , Lawrence unleashes his trademark misogyny -- er , comedy -- like a human volcano or an overflowing septic tank , take your pick
maudlin and cliche-ridden
matters because both are just actory concoctions , defined by childlike dimness and a handful of quirks .
maudlin ending
maudlin focus
is one big , dumb action movie . Stress ` dumb . '
more silly than scary
more tacky and reprehensible
more than a little pretentious
flimsy story
to make a sinner
flippant or slick as it thinks it is
an anti-date movie is more like it )
an Italian superstar and aspiring directress who just happens to be her own worst enemy
an absurdist workplace sitcom
the creepiness
the credits finally roll and you get to leave the theater
the crap ( literally )
terror
's ) better at fingering problems than finding solutions
tired , talky
's ) better at fingering problems than finding solutions .
too hard to be funny
hijacks the heat of revolution and turns it into a sales tool
highly-praised disappointments I
too hard to be hip . The end result is a film that 's neither
stumbles over every cheap trick in the book trying to make the outrage come even easier .
studiously avoids provoking thought
stumbles over a late-inning twist that just does n't make sense
stumbles over every cheap trick in the book trying to make the outrage
flinching
open-mouthed before the screen , not screaming but yawning
thinking up grocery lists and ways to tell their kids how not to act like Pinocchio
thinly sketched story
used so extensively that good bits are hopelessly overshadowed
human impulses that grew hideously twisted
human hatred spews forth unchecked
human hatred
used visual tricks and self-indulgent actor moments
hurt
unendurable viewing experience
uneven tone
uneasy
uneasy mix
unemployment
unendurable
of Blair Witch and typical stalk-and-slash fare , where the most conservative protagonist is always the last one living
uneventful
the film 's lamer instincts
to arrest development in a dead-end existence
to avoid noticing some truly egregious lip-non-synching
propaganda
not into high-tech splatterfests
not in a good way
not funny performers
not for their acting chops , but for their looks
not everyone thinks poo-poo jokes are ` edgy . '
cheesy coincidences
would be barely enough to sustain an interstitial program on the Discovery Channel .
Serving Sara '' has n't much more to serve than silly fluff
doofus
doomed
doomed by its smallness
done-to-death
There 's a scientific law to be discerned here that producers would be well to heed : Mediocre movies start to drag as soon as the action speeds up ; when the explosions start , they fall to pieces
The new film of Anton Chekhov 's The Cherry Orchard puts the ` ick ' in ` classic . '
enough sardonic
enough to make you wish Jacquot had left well enough alone and just filmed the opera without all these distortions of perspective
There 's a scientific law to be discerned here that producers would be well to heed : Mediocre movies start to drag as soon as the action speeds up ;
's not going to be everyone 's bag of popcorn
's not an easy movie to watch and will probably disturb many who see it
's not an easy movie to watch and
for lameness
a less-compelling soap opera
a lesser Harrison Ford movie
a lazy exercise
a lazy exercise in bad filmmaking
a lead actress who is out of her depth
a lazy exercise in bad filmmaking that asks you to not only suspend your disbelief but your intelligence as well
be distasteful to children and adults
be distasteful to children and adults alike
be disappointed in the relative modesty of a movie that sports a ` topless tutorial service
be easy for critics to shred it
There 's a scientific law to be discerned here that producers would be well to heed
There 's a persistent theatrical sentiment and a woozy quality to the manner of the storytelling , which undercuts the devastatingly telling impact of utter loss personified in the film 's simple title .
preposterous and
: the poor acting by the ensemble cast , the flat dialogue by Vincent R. Nebrida or the gutless direction by Laurice Guillen
find it migraine-inducing
find it migraine-inducing ,
: Nemesis meekly goes where nearly every Star Trek movie has gone before .
: Celebrity cameos do not automatically equal laughs .
films such as pulp fiction and get shorty resonate a sardonic verve to their caustic purpose for existing , who is cletis tout
nothing else happening
supposedly funny
nothing in this flat effort that will amuse or entertain them
foul up Shum 's good intentions
foul-natured
foul-mouthed
foul up Shum 's good intentions .
exhaustion , from watching a movie that is dark ( dark green , to be exact )
exhaustion , from watching a movie that is dark ( dark green , to be exact ) ,
exhaustion , from watching a movie that is dark ( dark green , to be exact ) , sour , bloody and mean
exist only for its climactic setpiece
existential suffering
a bad improvisation exercise
a bad imitation
a bad blend of an overripe episode of TV 's Dawson 's Creek and a recycled and dumbed-down version of Love Story
a bad blend
a bad Clive Barker movie
a bad , bad , bad movie
a backseat in his own film
slim hopes and dreams
slightly disappointed
slight and uninventive
dumb humor
One Hour Photo may seem disappointing in its generalities ,
is neither dramatic nor comic
Nevertheless , it still seems endless .
to hide the fact that Seagal 's overweight and out of shape
is never especially clever and often is rather pretentious
follows into melodrama and silliness
is never especially clever and often is rather pretentious .
that is the central flaw of the film
they wo n't enjoy the movie at all .
they wo n't much care about
brazenly misguided project
vomit
volatile and overlong W magazine fashion
volatile and overlong
volatile and
I 'm actually having a hard time believing people were paid to make it
I 'll bet the video game is a lot more fun than the film .
It 's super - violent , super-serious and super-stupid .
, Hollywood is sordid and disgusting .
, Hush !
, I 'd recommend waiting for DVD and just skipping straight to her scenes .
, Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets finds a way to make J.K. Rowling 's marvelous series into a deadly bore .
, Hart 's War , like the St. Louis Rams in the Super Bowl , waits until after halftime to get started .
, High Crimes would be entertaining , but forgettable .
its low-key quality and
's drained of life in an attempt to be sober and educational
's driven by ambition and Does n't Know How to Have Fun
's easy to imagine that a new software program spit out the screenplay
's dumb
is nearly meaningless
to say the least , not to mention inappropriate and wildly undeserved
when you 're a struggling nobody
very insecure
black indomitability
is n't very funny .
you 're going to subjugate truth to the tear-jerking demands of soap opera
you 're going to feel like you were n't invited to the party .
you 're far better served by the source material .
you 're dying to see the same old thing in a tired old setting
you 're left with a sour taste in your mouth
could have looked into my future and saw how bad this movie was
stoked to make an important film about human infidelity and happenstance that he tosses a kitchen sink onto a story already overladen with plot conceits
It does n't do the original any particular dishonor , but neither does it exude any charm or personality .
It delivers some chills and sustained unease , but flounders in its quest for Deeper Meaning .
It does n't believe in itself
It concentrates far too much on the awkward interplay and utter lack of chemistry between Chan and Hewitt .
has been trying to pass off as acceptable teen entertainment for some time now .
has been sacrificed for the sake of spectacle
has bitten off more than he or anyone else could chew
more wrenching
moron
This version 's no classic like its predecessor , but
This version 's no classic like its predecessor ,
usual worst
using them as punching bags
using a plot that could have come from an animated-movie screenwriting textbook
is he has no character , loveable or otherwise .
is he has no character , loveable or otherwise
is hereby given fair warning .
is hardly a perverse , dangerous libertine and agitator -- which would have made for better drama
is hamstrung by a badly handled screenplay of what is really an amusing concept -- a high-tech tux that transforms its wearer into a superman .
is hardly perfect
is hardly a perverse , dangerous libertine and agitator -- which would have made for better drama .
Meandering and confusing
critics afforded to Clint Eastwood in the lazy Bloodwork
found the proceedings a little bit too conventional .
into a future they wo n't much care about
found the movie as divided against itself as the dysfunctional family it portrays .
into a black hole of dullness
into Rules expecting a slice of American Pie hijinks starring the kid from Dawson 's Creek
into a gross-out monster movie with effects that are more silly than scary
made me want to swipe something .
is no match for the insipid script he has crafted with Harris Goldberg
is not Chabrol 's best
Several uninteresting , unlikeable people do bad things to and with each other in '' Unfaithful .
Several uninteresting , unlikeable people do bad things to and with each other in '' Unfaithful
in the mood for a melodrama narrated by talking fish
would be even worse behind the camera than he is in front of it
would be better off investing in the worthy EMI recording that serves as the soundtrack , or the home video of the 1992 Malfitano-Domingo production
would be better as a diary or documentary
would be better off investing in the worthy EMI recording that serves as the soundtrack , or the home video of the 1992 Malfitano-Domingo production .
would avoid
of an artist who is simply tired -- of fighting the same fights , of putting the weight of the world on his shoulders , of playing with narrative form
turd
badly written tale
horror and hellish conditions
sealed in a jar
sealed in a jar and left on a remote shelf indefinitely
searching for a quarter in a giant pile of elephant feces
tuneless
that plays like a bad soap opera , with passable performances from everyone in the cast
that plays like some weird Masterpiece Theater sketch with neither
that probably the only way to have saved the film is with the aid of those wisecracking Mystery Science Theater 3000 guys
that produced such a script , but here 's guessing that spray cheese and underarm noises played a crucial role
the problem with Wendigo
catalog every bodily fluids gag in There 's Something About Mary and
catalog every bodily fluids gag in There 's Something About Mary and devise a parallel clone-gag
the stupid cliches and
old stuff
has all the dramatic weight of a raindrop
the worst ,
to old movies , when you could just rent those movies instead , let alone seek out a respectable new one
extremely unfunny
extremely silly
extremely bad taste
a sugar high gone awry
exude any charm or personality
extremely unfunny film
It has its faults
It has its faults , but
It has its faults ,
this delibrately obtuse and unapproachable
this distinguished actor would stoop so low
this choppy and sloppy affair
this costly dud is a far cry from either the book or the beloved film .
uncinematic but
the gutless direction
at least the title of this film lets you know exactly where it 's heading .
smack of a film school undergrad
smack of a Hallmark Hall of Fame
smacks of exhibitionism more than it does cathartic truth telling .
smacks of exhibitionism
are no unforgettably stupid stunts or uproariously rude lines of dialogue to remember it by
are no less a menace to society than the film 's characters .
are not at all entertaining
are nowhere near
generally disappointing
but there is no sense of connecting the dots , just dots .
with a taste for exaggeration
This is pretty dicey material . But
loitering
but the code-talk will fly right over everyone 's head
living far too much in its own head
lobotomy
confusion and pain
encounter in a place where war has savaged the lives and liberties of the poor and the dispossessed .
confrontations
enactments , however fascinating they may be as history , are too crude to serve the work especially well
It 's light on the chills and heavy on the atmospheric weirdness
, absurd ,
generate cheap Hollywood tension
Enigma ' is a good name for a movie this delibrately obtuse and unapproachable .
Empire '' lacks in depth
all the scenic appeal of a cesspool
all the same problems the majority of action comedies have
to get by on humor that is not even as daring as John Ritter 's glory days on Three 's Company
to get through this interminable , shapeless documentary about the swinging subculture
Dumber
Dummies conformity
hand you a cup of coffee every few minutes . Like a marathon runner trying to finish a race , you need a constant influx of liquid just to get through it
gives devastating testimony
All the more disquieting for its relatively gore-free allusions to the serial murders ,
be more timely in its despairing vision of corruption
Banal and predictable .
Banal
Ballistic is silly .
Banal and predictable
Banal and
in the title Pokémon 4ever is terrifying
weary
in the theater that hand you a cup of coffee every few minutes
in the theater thinking up grocery lists and ways to tell their kids how not to act like Pinocchio
What we get in FearDotCom is more like something from a bad Clive Barker movie .
Whatever satire Lucky Break was aiming for , it certainly got lost in the `` soon-to-be-forgettable '' section of the quirky rip-off prison romp pile .
, this is the opposite of a truly magical movie
, this movie is a phlegmatic bore , so tedious it makes the silly spy vs . spy film The Sum of All Fears ,
, this movie is hopeless
, this overheated melodrama plays like a student film .
the story gets more tiresome , especially as it continues to mount a conspicuous effort to be profound .
the story is just too slim
the story itself is uninteresting , and the songs are painfully undistinguished : They Might Be Giants ' So to Be One of Us may be the most tuneless tune
the story itself is uninteresting , and the songs are painfully undistinguished : They Might Be Giants ' So to Be One of Us may be the most tuneless tune ever composed .
gender politics
personal loss
a question comes to mind : So why is this so boring ?
a questionable kind of inexcusable dumb innocence
a quick-buck sequel
will stomp away in disgust .
been dulled by slasher films and gorefests
the cold light
Sadly , though many of the actors throw off a spark or two when they first appear , they ca n't generate enough heat in this cold vacuum of a comedy to start a reaction .
the predictable parent vs . child coming-of-age theme ,
thrills when it should be most in the mind of the killer
, more or less slogs its way through soggy Paris , tongue uncomfortably in cheek .
, most joyless movie
, most insulting movie
, muddy and blurry
, much less talent
seemingly eternal running time to pique your interest , your imagination , your empathy or anything , really , save your disgust and your indifference
Offers no new insight on the matter , nor do its characters exactly spring to life
Offers no new insight on the matter , nor
Offers no new insight on the matter ,
Offers no new insight on the matter
Offers no new insight on the matter , nor do its characters exactly spring to life .
Often demented in a good way , but it is an uneven film for the most part .
Often demented in a good way , but it is an uneven film for the most part
clashing with each other
riddled with plot holes big enough for its titular hero to drive his sleek black BMW through
ride the dubious divide where gay porn reaches for serious drama
ride the dubious divide where gay porn reaches for serious drama .
ridiculous beyond description
confusion and hatred
by his lack of self-awareness
zoning ordinances to protect your community from the dullest science fiction
audience falls asleep
A valueless
A valueless kiddie paean to pro basketball underwritten by the NBA .
stress
Such a bad movie
Such a bad movie that its luckiest viewers will be seated next to one of those ignorant
Such a bad movie that its luckiest viewers will be seated next to one of those ignorant pinheads who talk throughout the show .
Such an incomprehensible mess that it feels less like bad cinema than like being stuck in a dark pit having a nightmare about bad cinema .
A man leaving the screening said the film was better than Saving Private Ryan . He may have meant the Internet short Saving Ryan 's Privates .
A man leaving the screening said the film was better than Saving Private Ryan . He may have meant the Internet short Saving Ryan 's Privates . But
A man leaving the screening said the film was better than Saving Private Ryan . He may have meant the Internet short Saving Ryan 's Privates . But Windtalkers does n't beat that one , either
A man leaving the screening said the film was better than Saving Private Ryan . He may have meant the Internet short Saving Ryan 's Privates . But Windtalkers does n't beat that one , either .
A manipulative feminist empowerment tale thinly posing as a serious drama about spousal abuse
A manipulative feminist empowerment tale thinly posing as a serious drama about spousal abuse .
bizarre , implausible
bitter pill
bitter taste
bitter and less mature
bitter old crank
near miss
bizarre realm
navigates a fast fade into pomposity and pretentiousness .
of outrageous force and craven concealment
of parental failings
all the stomach-turning violence , colorful New York gang lore
all the story gives us is flashing red lights , a rattling noise , and a bump on the head
psychopathic
founders on its lack of empathy
founders on its own preciousness -- and squanders its beautiful women
founders on its own preciousness -- and squanders its beautiful women .
either you 're willing to go with this claustrophobic concept
halfwit
halfwit plot
guilt-suffused melodrama
guilt-trip
guide a loose , poorly structured film through the pitfalls of incoherence and redundancy
guilty about it
low-rent -- and even lower-wit -- rip-off
low-rent retread
killing its soul
low-rent --
low-life
low-life tragedy
too dialed-up
There 's very little sense to what 's going on here , but the makers serve up the cliches with considerable dash
There 's very little sense to what 's going on here , but
There 's very little sense to what 's going on here ,
insultingly
have worn threadbare .
its title notwithstanding
get laughs from the slowest person in the audience -- just pure slapstick with lots of inane , inoffensive screaming and exaggerated facial expressions
its elbows sticking out where the knees should be
its essential problem
between vertigo and opacity
between women as pathetic , dysfunctional and destructive
mothers ,
showtime is closer to slowtime
others may find 80 minutes of these shenanigans exhausting
others create ultimate thrills . Men in Black II achieves ultimate insignificance
other words , about as bad a film you 're likely to see all year
and underwritten
and ultimately tragic
and twisted
the choices are as contrived and artificial as Kerrigan 's platinum-blonde hair
the choppy editing
showtime is closer to slowtime .
the chatter of parrots raised on Oprah
all are irrelevant to the experience of seeing The Scorpion King
but boilerplate clichés
than a few cheap thrills from your Halloween entertainment
hard to imagine anybody ever being '' in the mood '' to view a movie as harrowing and painful as The Grey Zone
willing to express his convictions
will surely be profane , politically
predictably finds it difficult to sustain interest in his profession after the family tragedy
prechewed racial clichés that have already been through the corporate stand-up-comedy mill
preachy and clichéd
prechewed racial clichés
prechewed
would choose the Cliff-Notes over reading a full-length classic
is messy , uncouth , incomprehensible , vicious and absurd .
is messy , uncouth , incomprehensible , vicious and absurd
pitifully few real laughs
that it 's enough to make one pine for the day when godard can no longer handle the rigors of filmmaking
the movie spent a lot less time trying to make a credible case for reports from the afterlife and a lot more time on the romantic urgency that 's at the center of the story
the movie sinks into an abyss of clichés , depression and bad alternative music .
the movie that does n't really deliver for country music fans or for family audiences
the movie will likely set the cause of woman warriors back decades .
the movie would be impossible to sit through
the movie winds up feeling like a great missed opportunity .
carried out by men of marginal intelligence , with reactionary ideas about women and a total lack of empathy
carried out by men of marginal intelligence ,
carries a little too much ai n't - she-cute baggage into her lead role as a troubled and determined homicide cop to quite pull off the heavy stuff
achieves a sort of ridiculous sourness
achieves a sort of ridiculous sourness .
across as clinical , detached , uninvolving , possibly prompting audience members to wonder , ` What 's the point ? '
achieved but loses its way in rhetorical excess and blatant sentimentality
that hollywood expects people to pay to see it
the dark theater
inherent conflict
this noble warlord would be consigned to the dustbin of history
patronizing
more than petty theft of your time
most aggressively nerve-wracking and screamingly neurotic
As an introduction to the man 's theories and influence , Derrida is all but useless
overreaches the logic of its own world
overrides what little we learn along the way about vicarious redemption .
a florid , overplotted , Anne Rice rock
overshadowed by the uberviolence of the Clericks as this becomes just another kung-fu sci-fi movie with silly action sequences
overshadowed by the uberviolence of the Clericks
reluctant , irresponsible man
reluctant , irresponsible
relying on animation or dumb humor
Coughs
's a barely tolerable slog over well-trod ground
's a barely tolerable slog over well-trod ground .
Corpus Collosum -- while undeniably interesting -- wore out its welcome well before the end credits rolled about 45 minutes in .
's a Frankenstein-monster of a film that does n't know what it wants to be .
witless attempt
Gets bogged down by an overly sillified plot and stop-and-start pacing .
Gets Molested
`` Abandon ''
smart-aleck
A technical triumph and an extraordinary bore .
A thinly veiled excuse
A thinly veiled excuse for Wilson to play his self-deprecating act against Murphy 's well-honed prima donna shtick .
to laugh at how bad
to knock back a beer with but they 're simply not funny performers
to kill Michael Myers for good : stop buying tickets to these movies
an incomprehensible
an insultingly unbelievable final act
prepackaged
premise is undercut by amateurish execution
What might have been acceptable on the printed page of Iles ' book does not translate well to the screen .
What is 100 % missing here is a script of even the most elemental literacy , an inkling of genuine wit , and anything resembling acting .
seen the remake first . Many of the effective horror elements are dampened through familiarity
seen the remake first . Many of the effective horror elements are dampened through familiarity ,
, especially for aging hippies ( this one included )
and often contradictory
fish-out-of-water gag
first-time director Kevin Donovan managed to find something new to add to the canon of Chan . Make Chan 's action sequences boring
fish-out-of-water formula
, right-wing , propriety-obsessed family
sting like bees
could have been so much more
could have used some informed , adult hindsight .
could have used some informed , adult hindsight
could have yielded such a flat , plodding picture
seemingly opaque
Replacing John Carpenter 's stylish tracking shots
Replacing John Carpenter 's stylish tracking shots is degraded , handheld Blair Witch video-cam footage . Of all the Halloween 's , this is the most visually unappealing
Replacing John Carpenter 's stylish tracking shots is degraded , handheld Blair Witch video-cam footage . Of all the Halloween 's , this is the most visually unappealing .
Reno ) lets her radical flag fly , taking angry potshots at George W . Bush , Henry Kissinger , Larry King , et al .
Reno devolves into a laugh-free lecture .
be shallow
be shaking your head all the way to the credits
be slathered on crackers and served as a feast of bleakness
be revealed by the dispassionate Gantz brothers as ordinary , pasty lumpen
left me
sinks into an abyss of clichés , depression and bad alternative music .
sinks into an abyss of clichés , depression and bad alternative music
leaves vague impressions and a nasty aftertaste but little clear memory of its operational mechanics
can see mediocre cresting on the next wave
can report that it is instead a cheap cliché
leave the theater feeling they 've watched nothing but a pale imitation of the real deal
proves tiresome , with the surface histrionics failing to compensate for the paper-thin characterizations and facile situations .
awfully like one long tourist spot for a Mississippi that may never have existed outside of a scriptwriter 's imagination
redone for horses , with fewer deliberate laughs , more inadvertent ones and stunningly trite songs
redone for horses , with fewer deliberate laughs , more inadvertent ones and stunningly trite songs by Bryan Adams , the world 's most generic rock star
proves tiresome , with the surface histrionics failing to compensate for the paper-thin characterizations and facile situations
reduces Wertmuller 's social mores and politics to tiresome jargon
a giant commercial for Universal Studios , where much of the action takes place
a giant step backward
a giant step backward for a director I admire
a glass of flat champagne
proves tiresome ,
awful and appealing
proves tiresome
awfully derivative story
awful study
to enhance the self-image of drooling idiots
J . K . Rowling 's marvelous series into a deadly bore
Its weighty themes are too grave for youngsters , but the story is too steeped in fairy tales and other childish things to appeal much to teenagers .
, it 's all bad .
, it 's a rather listless amble down the middle of the road , where the thematic ironies are too obvious and the sexual politics too smug .
, it 's a sitcom without the snap-crackle .
, it 's a period romance that suffers from an overly deliberate pace and uneven narrative momentum .
, it 's a pretty mediocre family film .
, it 's a humorless , disjointed mess .
, it 's a movie that emphasizes style over character and substance
, it 's also cold , grey , antiseptic and emotionally desiccated .
, it 's also generic , untidy , condescending and mild of impact rather than stunning
turned my ballpoint notes
Occasionally loud and offensive , but more often , it simply lulls you into a gentle waking coma .
Oddly
Occasionally loud and offensive , but more often
several cliched movie structures
several cliched movie structures :
several cliched movie structures : the road movie
nightmares
Joshua is as blasphemous and nonsensical as a Luis Buñuel film without the latter 's attendant intelligence , poetry , passion , and genius .
you get a lot of running around , screaming and death .
you have a problem .
am highly amused by the idea that we have come to a point in society where it has been deemed important enough to make a film in which someone has to be hired to portray Richard Dawson .
of Chick Flick Hell
that would be me : fighting off the urge to doze
A sub-formulaic slap
A sleep-inducing thriller with a single
A sleep-inducing thriller
A sleek advert for youthful anomie that never quite equals the sum of its pretensions .
A sub-formulaic slap in the face
A shoddy male hip hop fantasy filled with guns , expensive cars , lots of naked women and Rocawear clothing .
A shoddy male hip hop fantasy
A shame that Stealing Harvard is too busy getting in its own way to be anything but frustrating , boring , and forgettable .
A serious movie with serious ideas . But seriously , folks , it does n't work .
that sometimes the dreams of youth should remain just that
Like It Hot on the Hardwood proves once again that a man in drag is not in and of himself funny .
Less funny than it should be and less funny than it thinks it is .
Less funny than it should be and less funny than it thinks it is
Let 's face it -- there are n't many reasons anyone would want to see Crossroads if they 're not big fans of teen pop kitten Britney Spears
puzzled by the mechanics of the delivery
that stinks so badly of hard-sell image-mongering you
may not hold a lot of water as a submarine epic
that spray cheese and underarm noises played a crucial role
may please those who love movies that blare with pop songs
may sound like it was co-written by Mattel executives and lobbyists for the tinsel industry .
more simply intrusive to the story
saying ` get in the car , bitch , ' this jerry bruckheimer production has little else to offer
that strains credulity and leaves the viewer haunted by the waste of potential
see , a haunted house , a haunted ship , what 's next ... ghost blimp
see one reduce it to an idea that fits in a sampler
seeking to pull a cohesive story out
Aimed squarely at the least demanding of demographic groups
Ah-nuld 's action hero days might be over .
Ah-nuld 's
term an `` ambitious failure
it is one in which fear and frustration are provoked to intolerable levels
it is n't particularly funny
drains his movie of all individuality
drains
drab
drama
Gaunt
, mournfully brittle delivery
juggle and juxtapose three story lines but fail to come up with one cogent point , unless it 's that life stinks , especially for sensitive married women who really love other women .
jumble of borrowed plot
jumble that 's not scary , not smart and not engaging
jumble that 's not scary , not smart and not engaging .
jumbled
I regret to report that these ops are just not extreme enough .
with the disorienting unreality of the seemingly broken-down fourth wall of the movie screen
of superficiality
The film 's thoroughly recycled plot and tiresome jokes
that there 's really not much of a sense of action
that their charm does n't do a load of good
that these brats will ever be anything more than losers
one-joke premise
one-dimensional buffoons that get him a few laughs but nothing else
one which it fails to get
one-dimensional buffoons
one-dimensional
You 'll forget about it by Monday , though ,
You 'll forget about it by Monday , though
I once had a nightmare like this ,
a pretentious and
a pretentious and ultimately empty examination
ho-hum than ho-ho-ho
of spectacular belly flops
crap
narrative banality
named The Husband , The Wife and The Kidnapper , emphasizing the disappointingly generic nature of the entire effort
narcissism and self-congratulation disguised as a tribute
a predictable outcome and
a predictable outcome and a screenplay
Still pretentious and filled with subtext
the attention process tends to do a little fleeing of its own .
the assumption that its '' dead wife communicating from beyond the grave '' framework is even remotely new or interesting
you never
Another rent installment for the Ian Fleming estate .
Anthony Hopkins ? Big deal ! We 've already seen the prequel to The Silence of the Lambs and Hannibal
the full assault
this somewhat tired premise
foreign culture only
Auto Focus feels so distant you might as well be watching it through a telescope .
, find an escape clause and avoid seeing this trite , predictable rehash .
, fistfights , and car chases , this movie is a phlegmatic bore , so tedious it makes the silly spy vs . spy film The Sum of All Fears , starring Ben Affleck , seem downright Hitchcockian .
, flawed humanity
, featuring reams of flatly delivered dialogue and a heroine who comes across as both shallow and dim-witted .
, feels clumsy and convoluted
overdoses
overcooked
out there surrender $ 9 and 93 minutes of unrecoverable life
outrageous tendencies
overblown
slow and
formidable arithmetic
former Gong Show addict
clanging film references that make Jay and Silent Bob 's Excellent Adventure seem understated
of what happens as because she was captured by this movie when she obviously belongs in something lighter and sunnier
of what critics have come to term an '' ambitious failure
staggers in terms of story
murder and mayhem
'd prefer a simple misfire
crummy-looking videotape
for its spasms of absurdist
'd probably turn it off ,
'd probably turn it off
that starts out clever but veers into overkill
as one of the worst films of the summer .
A compendium of Solondz 's own worst instincts in under 90 minutes .
A combination of standard , stiff TV-style animation and snazzy-looking digital effects that do little to disguise the fact that the characters barely move
A coarse and stupid gross-out .
A coarse and stupid gross-out
more seriously
It hates its characters .
It falls far short
It finds no way to entertain or inspire its viewers .
It forces you to watch people doing unpleasant things to each other and themselves ,
Problem is , we have no idea what in creation is going on .
reducing our emotional stake in the outcome
give us a reason to be in the theater beyond Wilde 's wit and the actors ' performances
should be used to burn every print of the film
Pretend like your SAT scores are below 120 and you might not notice the flaws .
Barlow
Pretty much sucks , but has a funny moment or two .
Priggish
Priggish , lethargically paced parable of renewal .
, pity anyone who sees this mishmash .
, pranks , pratfalls , dares , injuries , etc.
on fatality , classism , and ignorance .
: it 's not scary in the slightest .
: an atrociously , mind-numbingly , indescribably bad movie .
: The Movie . '' It 's that painful
: It never comes close to being either funny or scary .
: It 's not really funny .
: Does n't live up to the exalted tagline - there 's definite room for improvement .
Whether Jason X is this bad on purpose is never clear . But one thing 's for sure : It never comes close to being either funny or scary .
Whether it 's the worst movie of 2002 , I ca n't say for sure : Memories of Rollerball have faded , and I skipped Country Bears . But this new jangle of noise , mayhem and stupidity must be a serious contender for the title
Whether it 's the worst movie of 2002 , I ca n't say for sure : Memories of Rollerball have faded , and I skipped Country Bears . But this new jangle of noise , mayhem and stupidity must be a serious contender for the title .
Whether it 's the worst movie of 2002 , I ca n't say for sure
Whether it 's the worst movie of 2002 , I ca n't say for sure :
Whether this is art imitating life or life imitating art , it 's an unhappy situation all around .
such a wise \*\*\* .
barely camouflaging grotesque narcissism
barely defensible sexual violence
In spite of Good Housekeeping 's unsavory characters and WWF mentality
barely defensible sexual violence to keep it interested
obsessive
barely feature length
This is as lax and limp a comedy as I 've seen in a while , a meander through worn-out material .
This is an exercise not in biography but in hero worship .
Idiotic
such a mountain of clichés and borrowed images
have been tighter
have been a reject from Monty Python 's Meaning of Life
know about rubbo 's dumbed-down tactics
Idiotic and
rip-off
True to its animatronic roots : ... as stiff , ponderous and charmless as a mechanical apparatus ... ` The Country Bears ' should never have been brought out of hibernation .
Trouble Every Day is a success in some sense , but it 's hard to like a film so cold and dead .
wartime
True to its title , it traps audiences in a series of relentlessly nasty situations that we would pay a considerable ransom not to be looking at .
absolutely unnecessary
An ambitious , guilt-suffused melodrama crippled by poor casting .
An amateurish , quasi-improvised acting exercise shot on ugly digital video .
An amateurish , quasi-improvised acting exercise
An amalgam of The Fugitive , Blade Runner , and Total Recall , only without much energy or tension
( toback 's ) fondness for fancy split-screen , stuttering editing and pompous references to wittgenstein and kirkegaard
( toback 's ) fondness for fancy split-screen , stuttering editing and pompous references to wittgenstein and kirkegaard ... blends uneasily with the titillating material
( toback 's ) fondness for fancy split-screen , stuttering editing and pompous references to wittgenstein and kirkegaard ...
( the kid 's ) just too bratty for sympathy , and as the film grows to its finale , his little changes ring hollow .
The only fun part of the movie is playing the obvious game .
The only fun part of the movie
The movie would seem less of a trifle if Ms. Sugarman followed through on her defiance of the saccharine .
The only entertainment you 'll derive from this choppy and sloppy affair will be from unintentional giggles -- several of them .
The only entertainment you 'll derive from this choppy and sloppy affair
Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets finds a way to make J . K . Rowling 's marvelous series into a deadly bore .
Has all the hallmarks of a movie designed strictly for children 's home video , a market so insatiable it absorbs all manner of lame entertainment , as long as 3-year-olds find it diverting .
Has all the hallmarks of a movie designed strictly for children 's home video , a market so insatiable it absorbs all manner of lame entertainment , as long as 3-year-olds find it diverting
This overproduced piece of dreck is shockingly bad and absolutely unnecessary . Hmmm
do n't work in concert .
do n't think that A.C. will help this movie one bit
do n't think so .
from a lackluster screenplay
as tiresome as 9 seconds
as tiresome as 9
as tiresome as 9 seconds of Jesse Helms ' anti- Castro
as two-day old porridge
of the rotting underbelly of Middle America
that it ca n't really be called animation
that it begs to be parodied
that it 's the butt of its own joke
that it becomes long and tedious like a classroom
that it becomes a chore to sit through -- despite some first-rate performances by its lead
that it appears not to have been edited at all
to activate girlish tear ducts does n't mean it 's good enough for our girls
the thin soup of canned humor
sleep-deprived Dormer
the third Revenge of the Nerds sequel
the thornier aspects
screwing
action confined to slo-mo gun firing and random glass-shattering
A lot of talent is wasted in this crass , low-wattage endeavor .
no `` Waterboy
no , we get another scene , and then another .
A markedly inactive film
saddest action hero performances
Helmer Hudlin tries to make a hip comedy , but his dependence on slapstick defeats the possibility of creating a more darkly edged tome .
Helmer Hudlin tries to make a hip comedy , but his dependence on slapstick defeats the possibility of creating a more darkly edged tome
Helmer Hudlin tries to make a hip comedy ,
Hell is ) looking down at your watch and realizing Serving Sara is n't even halfway through .
watching a transcript of a therapy session brought to humdrum life by some Freudian puppet
watching Slim travel incognito in a ridiculous wig no respectable Halloween costume shop would ever try to sell
The lousy lead performances
saw how bad this movie was
The lousy lead performances ... keep the movie from ever reaching the comic heights it obviously desired .
succeeds in diminishing his stature from Oscar-winning master to lowly studio hack .
a shrill , didactic cartoon
a silly , self-indulgent filmmaker
The main characters are simply named The Husband , The Wife and The Kidnapper , emphasizing the disappointingly generic nature of the entire effort .
goes down easy
goes awry
is n't as easy to come by as it used to be
is n't as sharp
is n't as sharp ,
is that those responsible did n't cut their losses -- and ours -- and retitle it The Adventures of Direct-to-Video Nash , and send it to its proper home .
is the Kathie Lee Gifford of film directors ,
is the Kathie Lee Gifford of film directors
is that those responsible did n't cut their losses -- and ours -- and retitle it The Adventures of Direct-to-Video Nash , and send it to its proper home
is the Kathie Lee Gifford of film directors , sadly proving once again ego does n't always go hand in hand with talent .
is the Kathie Lee Gifford of film directors , sadly proving once again ego does n't always go hand in hand with talent
short on plot but
like an oily arms dealer , squad car pile-ups and the requisite screaming captain
threatening and
As an introduction to the man 's theories and influence , Derrida is all but useless ;
out by an adult who 's apparently been forced by his kids to watch too many Barney videos
out feeling strangely unsatisfied
out of control
out of reach
can hate yourself later
can only qualify as a terrible tragedy
a TV episode rather than a documentary
lack a strong-minded viewpoint , or a sense of humor .
lack depth or complexity
obscure the message
obnoxious and didactic burlesque
obnoxious special effects
obscenity
obscenity is at hand
has squandered the opportunity , using it as a prop for warmed-over melodrama and the kind of choreographed mayhem that director John Woo has built his career on
obsessively
has taken promising material for a black comedy and turned it instead into a somber chamber drama .
has the disadvantage of also looking cheap
a young audience , which will probably be perfectly happy with the sloppy slapstick comedy
Parker probably thinks he 's shaking up a classic the way Kenneth Branagh and Baz Luhrmann have , but this half-hearted messing-about just makes us miss Wilde 's still-contemporary play
Parker probably thinks he 's shaking up a classic the way Kenneth Branagh and Baz Luhrmann have , but
Partway through watching this saccharine , Easter-egg-colored concoction , you realize that it is made up of three episodes of a rejected TV show .
too few laughs
takes Kurys ' career
his self-inflicted retaliation
bogged down by an overly sillified plot and stop-and-start pacing
bogged down by an overly sillified plot and stop-and-start pacing .
merely 90 minutes of post-adolescent Electra rebellion
merely bad rather than
merely bad
mere plot pawn
object to the idea of a Vietnam picture
merely crassly flamboyant
merely bad rather than painfully awful
closer to the failure of the third Revenge of the Nerds sequel
adultery
The film 's few ideas are stretched to the point of evaporation
The film 's few ideas are stretched to the point of evaporation ;
The film 's few ideas are stretched to the point of evaporation ; the whole central section is one big chase that seems to have no goal and no urgency . It 's just filler
The film 's few ideas are stretched to the point of evaporation ; the whole central section is one big chase that seems to have no goal and no urgency . It 's just filler .
The film 's hackneyed message
's nothing fresh about Wannabes , which was written by Mr. DeMeo , who produced and directed the film with Charles A. Addessi , much of the time
been so aggressively anti-erotic
on the battle bots , please
been sacrificed for the sake of spectacle
's nothing very attractive about this movie
attempt by the filmmakers to force-feed James Bond
not only manufactured , but also
not only manufactured , but also so false you can see the filmmakers ' puppet strings
not only fails on its own , but makes you
not only manufactured ,
not quite enough
buck or
buffoons
, despite many talky , slow scenes . But something seems to be missing . A sense of real magic
, despite a definitely distinctive screen presence , just is n't able to muster for a movie that , its title notwithstanding , should have been a lot nastier if it wanted to fully capitalize on its lead 's specific gifts
, director Chris Columbus takes a hat-in-hand approach to Rowling that stifles creativity and allows the film to drag on for nearly three hours .
, difficult and sad
, do n't bother .
Fails to bring as much to the table
a lost ideal
Eyre 's uninspired dramatics
from his largely amateur cast
is NOT
is NOT a retread of '' Dead Poets ' Society . ''
might want to take a reality check before you pay the full ticket price to see '' Simone , '' and consider a DVD rental instead
- it 's a piece of dreck disguised as comedy .
- the director has n't added enough of his own ingredients .
might want to take a reality check before you pay the full ticket price to see '' Simone , '' and consider a DVD rental instead .
... puts enough salt into the wounds of the tortured and self-conscious material to make it sting .
Death to Smoochy tells a moldy-oldie , not-nearly - as-nasty - as-it - thinks-it-is joke . Over and over again .
Death might be a release .
DeNiro 's once promising career
DeNiro 's once promising career and the once grand Long Beach boardwalk
The nonstop artifice ultimately proves tiresome , with the surface histrionics failing to compensate for the paper-thin characterizations and facile situations .
The narrator and the other characters try to convince us that acting transfigures Esther , but she 's never seen speaking on stage ; one feels cheated ,
The narrator and the other characters try to convince us that acting transfigures Esther , but she 's never seen speaking on stage ; one feels cheated , and
The narrator and the other characters try to convince us that acting transfigures Esther , but she 's never seen speaking on stage ; one feels cheated , and Esther seems to remain an unchanged dullard
The narrator and the other characters try to convince us that acting transfigures Esther , but she 's never seen speaking on stage ; one feels cheated , and Esther seems to remain an unchanged dullard .
writing and slack direction
Obvious , obnoxious and didactic burlesque
Obvious , obnoxious and didactic burlesque .
. The result might look like Vulgar .
cut their losses -- and ours -- and
cut their losses -- and ours -- and retitle it The Adventures of Direct-to-Video Nash ,
's frustrating to see these guys
's back-stabbing , inter-racial desire and , most importantly ,
's back-stabbing , inter-racial desire and , most importantly
's enough to make one pine for the day when godard can no longer handle the rigors of filmmaking
's enough melodrama in this magnolia primavera to make pta proud yet director muccino 's characters are less worthy of puccini than they are of daytime television
's enough melodrama in this magnolia primavera
, however , having sucked dry the undead action flick formula , Blade II mutates into a gross-out monster movie with effects that are more silly than scary .
, his little changes ring hollow
, hole-ridden plotting
, having sucked dry the undead action flick formula , Blade II mutates into a gross-out monster movie with effects that are more silly than scary .
, he has no clue about making a movie
, he can not overcome the sense that Pumpkin is a mere plot pawn for two directors with far less endearing disabilities .
whether these ambitions , laudable in themselves , justify a theatrical simulation of the death camp of Auschwitz II-Birkenau
With lines that feel like long soliloquies
With its paint fights , motorized scooter chases and dewy-eyed sentiment , it 's a pretty listless collection of kid-movie clichés .
rather choppy
With a tighter editorial process and firmer direction this material could work , especially since the actresses in the lead roles are all more than competent , but as is , Personal Velocity seems to be idling in neutral .
With all the sympathy , empathy and pity fogging up the screen ... His Secret Life enters the land of unintentional melodrama and tiresome love triangles .
With its lackadaisical plotting and mindless action
gets bogged down over 140 minutes
gets bogged down over 140 minutes .
gets added disdain for the fact that it is nearly impossible to look at or understand .
gets chills from movies with giant plot holes
Hollywood pipeline
Hollywood trap
Hollywood-predictable
These self-styled athletes have banged their brains into the ground so frequently and
These self-styled athletes have banged their brains into the ground so frequently and furiously , their capacity to explain themselves has gone the same way as their natural instinct for self-preservation
These are textbook lives of quiet desperation .
I weep for the future when a good portion of the respected critical community in this country consider Blue Crush to be an intelligent film about young women .
a meatballs for the bare-midriff generation
a mawkish self-parody that plays like some weird masterpiece theater sketch with neither a point of view nor a compelling reason for being
a mawkish self-parody that plays like some weird masterpiece theater sketch with neither a point of view nor a compelling reason for being .
a mawkish self-parody that plays like some weird masterpiece theater sketch with neither a point
a mawkish self-parody that plays like some weird masterpiece theater sketch with neither a point of view nor a compelling reason
a mawkish , implausible platonic romance that makes chaplin 's city lights seem dispassionate by comparison .
a mawkish self-parody
turned this into an Argentine retread of '' Iris
Seriously , rent the Disney version .
stale , standard , connect-the-dots storyline
Amy and Matthew have a bit of a phony relationship
Although I did n't hate this one , it 's not very good either .
that reminds at every turn of Elizabeth Berkley 's flopping dolphin-gasm .
that reminds at every turn of Elizabeth Berkley 's flopping dolphin-gasm
visually ugly
visually unappealing
visually atrocious
visually atrocious ,
swaggering machismo and over-the-top
visually atrocious , and often downright creepy
largely unfunny
is one big excuse to play one lewd scene after another .
largely unfulfilling
is omitted nor a cliché left unsaid .
is one big chase that seems to have no goal and no urgency
is one big excuse to play one lewd scene after another
is one big , dumb action movie
is one big , dumb action movie .
special effects that run the gamut from cheesy to cheesier to cheesiest
hideously twisted
hideously
high crimes were any more generic
incredibly irritating comedy
indeed , the first half of Sorority Boys is as appalling as any ` comedy ' to ever spill from a projector 's lens
constitutes cruelty
increasingly implausible as it
increasingly implausible as it races
incredibly inane
incredibly heavy-handed , manipulative dud
do n't care whether that cold-hearted snake Petrovich ( that would be Reno ) gets his comeuppance .
often hackneyed or just plain crude , calculated to provoke shocked laughter , without following up on a deeper level
Amy and Matthew have a bit of a phony relationship , but
It takes a strange kind of laziness to waste the talents of Robert Forster , Anne Meara , Eugene Levy , and Reginald VelJohnson all in the same movie .
chloroform-soaked
cathartic
Remember back when thrillers actually thrilled ?
Remember back when thrillers actually thrilled
Reign of Fire has the disadvantage of also looking cheap .
excessive
except with an outrageous central gimmick that could have been a reject from Monty Python 's Meaning of Life .
except with an outrageous central gimmick that could have been a reject from Monty Python 's Meaning of Life
excessive moral baggage
Dridi tells us nothing about El Gallo other than what emerges through his music .
Some of the characters die and others do n't , and the film pretends that those living have learned some sort of lesson ,
meandering , low on energy , and
meandering , low on energy ,
meanders from gripping to plodding and back
meandering , low on energy , and too eager
Dripping with cliche
meanders from gripping to plodding and back .
if you have the patience for it
if you have no interest in the gang-infested , East-vs . - West Coast rap wars
to be completely forgotten
unplundered
it 's a dish that 's best served cold
annoyingly
annoyingly self-involved people who speak in glib sentences that could have only come from the pen of a screenwriter
annoyingly self-involved people
another Austin Powers movie
another , most of which involve precocious kids getting the better of obnoxious adults
another anemic and formulaic Lethal Weapon-derived buddy-cop movie
another Winter Sleepers
a task he is not nearly up to
a tad slow
you can hate yourself later
Sad nonsense , this . But not without cheesy fun factor
Sad nonsense , this . But
instinctively crawled towards my long-suffering eyeballs
instead pummel the audience
instead of speaking to each other
lo que es el cine
SOOOOO tired . Pair that with really poor comedic writing
both overstuffed and undernourished ...
both overstuffed and undernourished
so who knew charles dickens could be so light-hearted
tries way too hard and gets tiring in no time at all
tries way too hard and gets tiring in no time at all .
tries too hard to be funny and tries too hard to be hip . The end result is a film that 's neither
tries too hard to be funny and tries too hard to be hip . The end result is a film that 's neither .
tries too hard to be funny
tries too hard to be funny and
tries way too hard
tries way too hard and
how show business has infiltrated every corner of society -- and not always for the better
how thoroughly unrewarding all of this
then pay your $ 8 and get ready for the big shear .
then again , I hate myself most mornings .
then knock yourself out and enjoy the big screen postcard that is a self-glorified Martin Lawrence lovefest .
of dead-end distaste
The criticism never rises above easy , cynical potshots at morally bankrupt characters ...
's like every bad idea that 's ever gone into an after-school special compiled in one place , minus those daytime programs ' slickness and sophistication ( and who knew they even had any ? )
The cumulative effect of watching this 65-minute trifle is rather like being trapped while some weird relative trots out the video he took of the family vacation to Stonehenge . Before long , you 're desperate for the evening to end .
's leaden and predictable
's kinda dumb . And second , what 's with all the shooting ?
's lacking in every character in this movie and , subsequently , the movie itself
's kinda dumb . And second , what 's with all the shooting
as assaults on America 's knee-jerk moral sanctimony
Medem may have disrobed most of the cast , leaving their bodies exposed , but the plot remains as guarded as a virgin with a chastity belt .
` this is a story without surprises
Too clumsy
Too bad writer-director Adam Rifkin situates it all in a plot as musty as one of the Golden Eagle 's carpets .
Too clumsy in key moments ... to make a big splash .
Too infuriatingly quirky and taken with its own style .
Too long , and larded with exposition
fairly trite
running off
whole new levels of ugly
one is - the books are better .
one is - the books are better . Translating complex characters from novels to the big screen is an impossible task
to drag two-thirds through , when the melodramatic aspects start to overtake the comedy
of some truly heinous crime
There 's nothing to gain from watching They . It is n't scary . It hates its characters . It finds no way to entertain or inspire its viewers .
desire to the cheap , graceless , hackneyed sci-fi serials of the '30s and '40s
despair and
desperate attempt
desperate for the evening to end
did n't mean much to me and played too skewed to ever get a hold on
movie that refuses to develop an energy level
didactic and dull documentary glorifying software
this slightly disappointing sequel
movie that tries to fuse the two ` woods ' but winds up a Bolly-Holly masala mess .
some will object to the idea of a Vietnam picture with such a rah-rah , patriotic tone
bastards ,
basically the sort of cautionary tale that was old when ` Angels With Dirty Faces ' appeared in 1938
moviegoers lured to the mediocrity that is Kung Pow : Enter the Fist
this time there 's some mold on the gold .
deviant behaviour
deviant behaviour .
developed hastily
from Lynch , Jeunet , and von Trier while failing to find a spark of its own
from In Praise of Love , the sort of bitter old crank who sits behind his light meter and harangues the supposed injustices of the artistic world-at-large
to watch middle-age and older men drink to excess , piss on trees , b . s . one another and put on a show in drag
for the usual obvious laughs at the expense of cheap-looking monsters
dull plots
but weirdly unemotional spectacle
dull exposition
dull effects
dull as its characters , about whose fate it is hard to care
dull and wooden
dull and ankle-deep
dull , unimaginative
dull , spiritless , silly and monotonous
dull , somnambulant exercise
Like Mike is n't going to make box office money that makes Michael Jordan jealous
's rare to see a movie that takes such a speedy swan dive from `` promising '' to `` interesting '' to `` familiar '' before landing squarely on `` stupid ''
's rarely as moronic as some campus gross-out films
Saigon in 1952 . That 's its first sign of trouble
the cliches
a triumph , however , it is not
but why did it have to seem like it took another thousand to tell it to us ?
Not only is entry number twenty the worst of the Brosnan bunch , it 's one of the worst of the entire franchise .
Not that I mind ugly ; the problem is he has no character , loveable or otherwise .
Predictable and cloying ,
Predictable and cloying
Praise of Love , the sort of bitter old crank who sits behind his light meter and harangues the supposed injustices of the artistic world-at-large
Potty-mouthed enough for PG-13 , yet not as hilariously raunchy as South Park , this strangely schizo cartoon seems suited neither to kids or adults .
the presence of ` the King , ' it also
the predictability of bland comfort food
the predictability
to like any of these despicable characters
the cliches with considerable dash
with heavy-handed symbolism , dime-store psychology and endless scenic shots that make 105 minutes seem twice as long
with flabby rolls
unless you happen to know annoyingly self-involved people who speak in glib sentences that could have only come from the pen of a screenwriter
unless you enjoy really bad movies
unless you 're an absolute raving Star Wars junkie , it is n't much fun
Some episodes work , some do n't .
Some of the characters die and others do n't , and the film pretends that those living have learned some sort of lesson
bordering on offensive , waste of time , money and celluloid .
bordering on offensive , waste of time , money and celluloid
boorish movie
boorish
here a more annoying , though less angry version of the irresponsible Sandlerian manchild , undercut by the voice of the star of Road Trip
that are repeatedly undercut by the brutality of the jokes , most at women 's expense
that asks you to not only suspend your disbelief but your intelligence as well
's as if you 're watching a movie that was made in 1978 but not released then because it was so weak , and it has been unearthed and released now , when it has become even weaker .
lessen the overall impact the movie could have had
's as flat as an open can of pop left sitting in the sun .
's as flat as an open can of pop left sitting in the sun
's as if De Palma spent an hour setting a fancy table and then served up Kraft Macaroni and Cheese .
's another video movie photographed like a film , with the bad lighting that 's often written off as indie film naturalism .
While the film misfires at every level , the biggest downside is the paucity of laughter in what 's supposed to be a comedy .
haphazard theatrical release
hanging over The Time Machine is not , as the main character suggests , ` what if ? ' but rather , ` How can you charge money for this ? '
better elsewhere
wears you down like a dinner guest showing off his doctorate
sums up the sad state of his recent career .
sums up the sad state of his recent career
screwball ideas
is a difficult film to shake from your conscience when night falls .
is n't a '' Friday '' worth waiting for .
is n't a disaster , exactly , but a very handsomely produced let-down
is n't a disaster , exactly , but a very handsomely produced let-down .
how well the schmaltz is manufactured -- to assess the quality of the manipulative engineering
done well to end this flawed , dazzling series with the raising of something other than his own cremaster
heavy on religious symbols but
despondent and vulnerable
destined to be completely forgotten
in the feet with cop flick cliches like an oily arms dealer , squad car pile-ups and the requisite screaming captain
from ever wanting to see another foreign film
That regurgitates and waters down many of the previous film 's successes ,
Skip the film and
as much of a mess as this one
15-cent stump speech
and pretentious endeavor
and poorly-constructed comedy
and rough-hewn vanity project
by a made-for-TV look , rigid performances and an asinine ` twist ' that brazenly rips off The Sixth Sense
by a lobotomized Woody Allen
by a terrorist bomb
by a story that is all too predictable
by a script that takes few chances and manages to insult the intelligence of everyone in the audience
Chan . Make Chan 's action sequences boring
delivers few moments of inspiration amid the bland animation and simplistic story .
delivers few moments of inspiration amid the bland animation and simplistic story
delivers one of the saddest action hero performances ever witnessed
us to endure every plot contrivance that the cliché-riddled genre can offer
by those willing to endure its extremely languorous rhythms , Waiting for Happiness
by the sketchiest of captions
by the surprisingly shoddy makeup work
by this tired retread
is sentimental but feels free to offend , is analytical and then surrenders to the illogic of its characters
given this movie a rating of zero
the basic plot of `` Lilo '' could have been pulled from a tear-stained vintage Shirley Temple script .
redundant messages
redundancies
reduces this domestic tragedy to florid melodrama
reduces this domestic tragedy
sex gags
reek of a script
long-suffering
long-faced sad sack
less like a cousin to Blade Runner than like a bottom-feeder sequel in the Escape From New York series
less like a coming-of-age romance than an infomercial .
less like a coming-of-age romance than an infomercial
bangs a very cliched drum at times
less like a cousin to Blade Runner than like a bottom-feeder sequel in the Escape From New York series .
less poetic
of four Englishmen facing the prospect of their own mortality
wet burlap sack
little too obvious ,
does n't beat that one , either .
like a big-budget , after-school special with a generous cast , who at times lift the material from its well-meaning clunkiness
like a grinning jack o ' lantern , its apparent glee is derived from a lobotomy , having had all its vital essence scooped out and discarded
like a grinning jack o ' lantern , its apparent glee is derived from a lobotomy , having had all its vital essence scooped out and discarded .
enough flourishes and freak-outs
Firestorm that my fingernails instinctively crawled towards my long-suffering eyeballs
First , for a movie that tries to be smart , it 's kinda dumb . And second , what 's with all the shooting ?
First good , then bothersome .
served as a feast of bleakness
Execrable
Execrable .
an anti-date movie
did the screenwriters just
did n't move me one way or the other
did n't smile .
did n't play well then
did the screenwriters just do a cut-and-paste of every bad action-movie line in history ?
particularly memorable or even all that funny
the creepy ideas
Where their heads were is anyone 's guess .
Whether Jason X is this bad on purpose
Where 's the movie here ?
Whenever you think you 've seen the end of the movie , we cut to a new scene , which also appears to be the end .
Whenever its story is n't bogged down by idiocy involving the CIA and a lost U.S. satellite
Whether Jason X is this bad on purpose is never clear .
Whether it 's the worst movie of 2002 , I ca n't say for sure : Memories of Rollerball have faded , and I skipped Country Bears
ugly , pointless and depressing
the case with ambitious , eager first-time filmmakers
the cartoon in Japan that gave people seizures
the credits finally roll
I hated every minute of it .
I had to look away
I hate this movie
the crap
dicey
dialogue and lapses
seem as long as the two year affair which is its subject
murder
repetitively stretched out to feature length , awash in self-consciously flashy camera effects , droning house music and flat , flat dialogue .
repetitively stretched out to feature length , awash in self-consciously flashy camera effects , droning house music and flat , flat dialogue
repetitively
repetitive arguments , schemes and treachery
repetitive and ragged
repetitive and designed to fill time , providing no real sense of suspense
repetitive and
smacks of purely commercial motivation ,
smacks of purely commercial motivation , with no great love for the original
forsaken the entertaining elements of the original
slumming
slumming in territory
slummy
The script by Vincent R. Nebrida ... tries to cram too many ingredients into one small pot .
The script kicks in , and Mr. Hartley 's distended pace and foot-dragging rhythms follow .
The script ?
The screenwriters dig themselves in deeper every time they toss logic and science into what is essentially a `` Dungeons and Dragons '' fantasy with modern military weaponry ...
to its inevitable tragic conclusion
to intolerable levels
formulaic chiller
uses and abuses
Slap her - she 's not funny
was inexplicably rushed to the megaplexes before its time
One scene after another in this supposedly funny movie falls to the floor with a sickening thud .
One scene after another in this supposedly funny movie
resorts to desperate measures
resorting to string-pulling rather than legitimate character development
wanders through CHARLIE completely unaware she needs to show some presence and star quality .
wannabe .
wanders through CHARLIE completely unaware she needs to show some presence and star quality
A great script brought down by lousy direction . Same guy with both hats .
A great script brought down by lousy direction . Same guy with both hats . Big mistake
A gratingly unfunny groaner littered with zero-dimensional , unlikable characters and hackneyed , threadbare comic setups .
A great script brought down by lousy direction
A great script brought down by lousy direction .
unhappy at the prospect of the human race splitting in two
ungainly movie
exploitative
exploitation
explore religion that it 's disappointing to see one reduce it to an idea that fits in a sampler
the dull , nerdy folks that inhabit Cherish
the dull , nerdy folks
the dunce of a Screenwriting 101 class
the dunce
road
has n't graduated from junior high school
has n't directed this movie so much as produced it -- like sausage
has n't been worth caring about
has n't much more to serve than silly fluff . Nor is it
has n't much more to serve than silly fluff . Nor is it a romantic comedy
old-fashioned and fuddy-duddy
its indulgent two-hour-and-fifteen-minute length
lacking the broader vision that has seen certain Trek films
is chaotic , the photography grainy and badly focused ,
is chaotic , the photography grainy and badly focused
is closer to Slowtime
is clearly not Zhang 's forte
is chaotic , the photography grainy and badly focused , the writing unintentionally hilarious
is chaotic , the photography grainy and badly focused , the writing unintentionally
under-rehearsed and lifeless
understand why anyone in his right mind would even think to make the attraction a movie
underneath such a mountain of clichés and borrowed images
last walked out on a movie
taking angry potshots at George W. Bush , Henry Kissinger , Larry King , et al.
makes you nervous
to be reminded of other , better films , especially Seven , which director William Malone slavishly copies
to be satire , too obviously hateful to be classified otherwise
to be really dumb not to see where this is going
to be quirky and funny that the strain is all too evident
to be posing , rather than acting
trash can
hoity-toity convictions
of how well-meaning patronizing masked a social injustice , at least as represented by this case
the overuse of special effects
which are neither original nor are presented in convincing way
of the more overtly silly dialogue
the couples exposing themselves are n't all that interesting
by its fussy script and uptight characters
normally good actors , even Kingsley , are made to look bad
to the grayish quality of its lighting
after being an object of intense scrutiny for 104 minutes , remains a complete blank
after another is not the same as one battle followed by killer CGI effects
puts them into a battle of wills that is impossible to care about and is n't very funny
messiness
fit all of Pootie Tang in between its punchlines
by intellect than heart , his story flattens instead of sharpens
fit Chan like a $ 99 bargain-basement special
the movie 's downfall is to substitute plot for personality . it does n't really know or care about the characters , and uses them as markers for a series of preordained events .
of the most plain , unimaginative romantic comedies I
reminding yourself that it 's a `` true story ''
remind us of how very bad a motion picture can truly be
the shabby digital photography
the material never overcomes its questionable satirical ambivalence .
the material never overcomes its questionable satirical ambivalence
messing
of the most highly-praised disappointments I
Moretti 's compelling anatomy of grief and the difficult process of adapting to loss .
It 's somewhat clumsy and too lethargically paced -- but its story about a mysterious creature with psychic abilities offers a solid build-up , a terrific climax , and some nice chills along the way .
It 's somewhat clumsy and too lethargically paced -- but its story about a mysterious creature with psychic abilities offers a solid build-up , a terrific climax , and some nice chills along the way
It 's somewhat clumsy and too lethargically paced
It 's somewhat clumsy and too lethargically paced --
a disreputable air
it cuts to the heart of American society in an unnerving way
any scenes that might have required genuine acting from Ms. Spears
is simply a lazy exercise in bad filmmaking that asks you to not only suspend your disbelief but your intelligence as well
is silly . Unfortunately
is shake your head in disbelief -- and worry about what classic Oliver Parker intends to mangle next time
is short on the thrills the oversize medium demands
is short on the thrills
is shot from behind , as if it could fool us into thinking that we 're not watching a double
is short on the thrills the oversize medium demands .
is sickly entertainment at best and mind-destroying cinematic pollution at worst .
is sickly entertainment at best and mind-destroying cinematic pollution at worst
charmless and
charmless
aged past his prime
Lopez 's publicist should share screenwriting credit
Looks like a high school film project completed the day before it was due .
Looks like a high school film project
Looks awfully like one long tourist spot for a Mississippi that may never have existed outside of a scriptwriter 's imagination .
Demands too much of most viewers
Demands too much of most viewers .
Demme 's loose approach kills the suspense .
leaden and
leaden and predictable
lead to a joke about Hawn 's breasts , which constantly threaten to upstage the woman sporting them
lead nowhere
leaden pacing and indifferent craftsmanship
leaden pacing and indifferent craftsmanship ( most notably wretched sound design )
steals
sort out the mess in our heads
so much leniency
so much crypt mist in the brain
so many talented people were convinced to waste their time
Frenetic but not really funny
Frenetic but not really funny .
A perplexing example of promise unfulfilled
A perplexing example of promise unfulfilled ,
A perfect example of rancid , well-intentioned , but shamelessly manipulative movie making
A perfect example of rancid , well-intentioned , but shamelessly manipulative movie making .
A perplexing example
A plodding teen remake
unmemorable filler
, the story is just too slim .
of the mundane horrors of the world
, the screenplay by Billy Ray and Terry George leaves something to be desired .
, the project should have been made for the tube .
has all the trappings of an energetic , extreme-sports adventure , but ends up more of a creaky '' Pretty Woman '' retread , with the emphasis on self-empowering schmaltz and big-wave surfing that gives pic its title an afterthought .
would be a total washout .
... Liotta is put in an impossible spot because his character 's deceptions ultimately undo him and the believability of the entire scenario . Too bad .
... The movie , shot on digital videotape rather than film , is frequently indecipherable .
... What Antwone Fisher is n't , however , is original .
... ` The Country Bears ' should never have been brought out of hibernation .
... Blade II is still top-heavy with blazing guns , cheatfully filmed martial arts , disintegrating bloodsucker computer effects and jagged camera moves that serve no other purpose than to call attention to themselves .
boozy
same snail 's
ordinary and obvious
's the kind of movie that ends up festooning U . S . art house screens for no reason other than the fact that it 's in French ( well , mostly ) with English subtitles and is magically ` significant ' because of that .
's tempting to jump ship in January to avoid ridiculous schlock like this shoddy suspense thriller
's tempting to jump ship in January to avoid ridiculous schlock like this shoddy suspense thriller .
's that life stinks
's the CliffsNotes with pages missing
's the kind of movie that ends up festooning U . S . art house screens for no reason other than the fact that it 's in French ( well , mostly ) with English subtitles and is magically ` significant ' because of that
's simply stupid , irrelevant and deeply , truly , bottomlessly cynical
's simply stupid , irrelevant and deeply , truly , bottomlessly cynical .
's simply stupid , irrelevant and deeply , truly
's simply stupid , irrelevant and deeply , truly ,
's simply stupid , irrelevant and deeply
's simply stupid , irrelevant and deeply ,
's simply crude and unrelentingly exploitative
the movie with a shred of plausibility , not an event that is believable , not a confrontation that is not staged , not
be as lonely and needy
be baffled
played game of absurd plot twists , idiotic court maneuvers and stupid characters that even Freeman ca n't save it
played game of absurd plot twists , idiotic court maneuvers and stupid characters
played by an actress who smiles and frowns
play second fiddle to the dull effects that allow the suit to come to life
play one lewd scene after another . About half of them are funny , a few are sexy and none are useful in telling the story , which is paper-thin and decidedly unoriginal
play one lewd scene after another .
rather superficial arthouse middle-brow film
rather than a chronicle of the ups and downs that accompany lifelong friendships
resent it
'll be laughing at britney spears ' movie-starring debut whenever it does n't have you impatiently squinting at your watch
'd think by now america would have had enough of plucky british eccentrics with hearts of gold
Adam Sandler 's 8 Crazy Nights is 75 wasted minutes of Sandler as the voice-over hero in Columbia Pictures ' perverse idea of an animated holiday movie .
'' snake
Action - mechanical .
a cold , calculated exercise
a sign . An EXIT sign
a sign . An EXIT sign , that is
slightly bored
whose target demographic is likely still in the single digits
controversial
why anybody picked it up . Wiser souls would have tactfully pretended not to see it and left it lying there
why anyone should bother remembering it
a screwed-up man
the phoniness of female-bonding pictures like Divine Secrets of the Ya-Ya Sisterhood
A punch line without a premise , a joke
A processed comedy chop suey .
It was the unfulfilling , incongruous , `` wait a second
It wears its heart on the sleeve of its gaudy Hawaiian shirt .
It takes a really long , slow and dreary time to dope out what TUCK EVERLASTING is about .
The film , while not exactly assured in its execution ,
worn by Lai 's villainous father to the endless action sequences
the harsh existence
Fish out of water usually die
shortage
is remarkably dull with only Caine making much of an impression .
is really frustratingly timid and soggy
is rather like being trapped while some weird relative trots out the video he took of the family vacation to Stonehenge . Before long , you 're desperate for the evening to end .
is recommended only for those under 20 years of age
is remarkably dull with only Caine
downfall
drag
done , running off the limited chemistry created by ralph fiennes and jennifer lopez
done to death
doofus-on
draggin '
draggin ' about
worse than you can imagine
Aside from the fact that the film idiotically uses the website feardotcom . com or the improperly hammy performance from poor Stephen Rea , the film gets added disdain for the fact that it is nearly impossible to look at or understand .
than a ` direct-to-video ' release
its perfunctory conclusion
its own thinness
its parade of almost perpetually wasted characters
the script goes wrong at several key junctures .
overwhelming sadness
overwrought you 'd swear he just stepped out of a Buñuel retrospective
overwrought ending
hard to tell with all the crashing and banging where the salesmanship ends
makes it seem , is not a hobby that attracts the young and fit . Or intelligent
be impressed by this tired retread
than it is to sit through
how tedious
than it was written by teenagers
treats us to an aimless hodgepodge
and the sometimes bad choices
in a drama so clumsy
artistically inept
its own steadfast , hoity-toity convictions
that woman 's doubts
equals largely a confused mediocrity
that were once amusing
that wo n't make much of a splash when it 's released , and will not be remembered long afterwards
that tries to fuse the two ` woods ' but winds up a bolly-holly masala mess
hinges on a technicality that strains credulity and leaves the viewer haunted by the waste of potential
hinged on the belief that knees in the crotch , elbows in the face and spit in the eye are inherently funny
substitute plot for personality
stuttering editing and pompous references
stuttering editing and pompous references to wittgenstein and kirkegaard
the sometimes murky , always brooding look of I
compromised and sad
Fails as a dystopian movie ,
Fails
Fails as a dystopian movie , as a retooling of Fahrenheit 451 , and even as a rip-off of The Matrix .
Fails as a dystopian movie , as a retooling of Fahrenheit 451 , and even as a rip-off of The Matrix
spotty
Sting
Stop The Music . '' It may as well be called '' Jar-Jar Binks
For a film that 's being advertised as a comedy , Sweet Home Alabama is n't as funny as you 'd hoped . For a film that 's being advertised as a comedy , Sweet Home Alabama is n't as funny as you 'd hoped .
than an autopsy , the movie
than anything seen on Jerry Springer
saw Juwanna Mann so you do n't have to .
saw Juwanna Mann so you do n't have to
saw a movie where I wanted so badly for the protagonist to fail
saw Quentin Tarantino 's handful of raucous gangster films and branched out into their own pseudo-witty copycat interpretations
decided to make a dull , pretentious version of Jesus ' Son
blaxploitation
blaxploitation spoof
blatant product placement
blasphemous bad
, City by the Sea swings from one approach to the other , but in the end , it stays in formula -- which is a waste of De Niro , McDormand and the other good actors in the cast .
, Cletis Tout might inspire a trip to the video store -- in search of a better movie experience .
, Collateral Damage presents Schwarzenegger as a tragic figure
, Dragon loses its fire midway , nearly flickering out by its perfunctory conclusion .
Maudlin and melodramatic we expected . Boring we
Maudlin and melodramatic we expected . Boring we did n't .
Maudlin and melodramatic we expected .
Maudlin
Maudlin and
Matthew McConaughey tries , and fails , to control the screen with swaggering machismo and over-the-top lunacy .
through ten pseudo-serious minutes
you 'd have to dig pretty deep to uncover it
of Hollywood dreck
, the film is about as interesting as an insurance commercial .
, the dramatics that follow are utter hooey .
, the director just ends up exposing his own obsession .
I found myself growing more and more frustrated and detached as Vincent became more and more abhorrent .
of Heaven '' appalling
I do n't even care that there 's no plot in this Antonio Banderas-Lucy Liu faceoff . It 's still terrible !
I did n't particularly like E . T . the first time I saw it as a young boy . That is because - damn it !
seeking an existent anti-virus . If only there were one for this kind of movie
cheesy old Godzilla flicks
cheese and underarm noises
cheerful enough but imminently forgettable
cheerful Marcus Miller accordion\/harmonica\/banjo abomination
will not hold .
a human volcano or an overflowing septic tank
through this frankly fantastical by-the-numbers B-flick with just a suspension of disbelief . Rather
The saturation bombing of Reggio 's images and Glass ' evocative music ... ultimately leaves viewers with the task of divining meaning .
The saturation bombing
a maker of softheaded metaphysical claptrap
a man in drag is not in and of himself funny
most predictable
most portraying the idiocy of the film industry --
a made-for-home-video quickie
's too much forced drama in this wildly uneven movie , about a young man 's battle with his inescapable past and uncertain future in a very shapable but largely unfulfilling present .
's too loud to shout insults at the screen
's too much forced drama in this wildly uneven movie , about a young man 's battle with his inescapable past and uncertain future in a very shapable but largely unfulfilling present
's tough being a black man in America , especially when the Man has taken away your car , your work-hours and denied you health insurance .
's tough to be startled when you 're almost dozing
's tough being a black man in America , especially when the Man has taken away your car , your work-hours and denied you health insurance
's tough to tell which is in more abundant supply in this woefully hackneyed movie , directed by Scott Kalvert , about street gangs and turf wars in 1958 Brooklyn -- stale cliches , gratuitous violence , or empty machismo
loneliness and desperate grandiosity
a general air of misogyny
a gaudy bag of stale candy , something from a Halloween that died
a garbled exercise
a game of ` who 's who ' ... where the characters ' moves are often more predictable than their consequences
An often-deadly boring , strange reading of a classic whose witty dialogue is treated with a baffling casual approach
relying on the viewer to do most of the work
rely on dumb gags , anatomical humor , or character cliches
An often-deadly boring , strange reading
An intermittently pleasing but mostly routine effort .
An instant candidate for worst movie of the year
avalanche
rolling your eyes
inflated past its natural length .
too late
too many , although in reality they are not enough .
too much of a plunge
too much resonance
perfunctory conclusion
of academic skullduggery and politics
done-to-death material
inflated
Kapur fails to give his audience a single character worth rooting for ( or worth rooting against , for that matter ) .
Kapur weighs down the tale with bogus profundities .
who unfortunately works with a two star script
Kate is n't very bright
The next big thing 's not-so-big ( and not-so-hot )
The next big thing 's not-so-big
's still not a good movie
's still tainted by cliches , painful improbability and murky points
you 're looking for a tale of Brits behaving badly
went undercover as women in a German factory during World War II ? Um , no .
a big box of consolation candy
that Pollyana would reach for a barf bag
, like beau travil and nenette et boni ,
could n't smell this turkey rotting from miles away .
Tremors on the modern B-scene : neither as funny nor as clever , though
be a parody of gross-out flicks , college flicks , or even flicks in general
convoluted
saga . It 's also stupider
Seemingly a vehicle to showcase the Canadian 's inane ramblings , Stealing Harvard is a smorgasbord of soliloquies about nothing delivered by the former Mr. Drew Barrymore .
See Clockstoppers if you have nothing better to do with 94 minutes .
that is definitely meaningless , vapid and devoid of substance
that is dark
Directed in a paint-by-numbers manner .
little more than a mall movie designed to kill time
you pay the full ticket price to see `` Simone , '' and consider a DVD rental instead
tame that even slightly wised-up kids would quickly change the channel
The limited sets and
hits every cliche we 've come to expect , including the assumption that `` crazy '' people are innocent , childlike and inherently funny
hits every cliche we 've come to expect , including the assumption that `` crazy '' people are innocent , childlike and inherently funny .
hodgepodge .
hogwash
because this past year has seen the release of some of the worst film comedies in decades
meanders from its shocking start
may not have the dramatic gut-wrenching impact of other Holocaust films
sickness
watching it is like being trapped at a bad rock concert
Jar-Jar Binks : The Movie
Japan 's wildest filmmaker gives us a crime fighter carrying more emotional baggage than Batman ...
and jealousy
want to hang onto that ski mask , as robbery may be the only way to pay for his next project
the feelings evoked in the film are lukewarm and quick to pass
the worst film comedies in decades
the worst film comedies
into the realm of an improbable thriller
to shock throughout the film
the sorriest and most
the sort of infantile that makes you wonder about changing the director and writer 's diapers
the power of the eccentric and the strange . The fact that it is n't very good
the movie 's contrived , lame screenplay and listless direction
a ready-made Eurotrash cult
a re-hash of the other seven films
a re-hash
a ready-made Eurotrash cult object .
enjoy being rewarded by a script that assumes you are n't very bright
by the thin characterizations , nonexistent plot and pretentious visual style
by the story 's inability to create interest
by the waste of potential
by the time the bloody climax arrives we still do n't feel enough of an attachment to these guys to care one way or another .
just a dumb excuse for a waterlogged equivalent of a haunted-house movie
just a dumb excuse
just a long , convoluted ploy
just a big mess of a movie , full of images and events ,
just a big mess
just a big mess of a movie , full of images and events , but no tension or surprise .
just a big mess of a movie , full of images and events , but no tension or surprise
her inexperience
's so downbeat and nearly humorless
's so devoid of joy and energy it makes even Jason X ... look positively Shakesperean by comparison .
's self-defeatingly decorous
's so bad it starts to become good .
's so devoid of joy and energy it makes even Jason X ... look positively Shakesperean by comparison
's so devoid of joy and energy
is really not so much bad as bland
narcotics
With its dogged Hollywood naturalism and the inexorable passage of its characters toward sainthood
With generic sets and B-grade special effects , Jason is about as convincing on the sci-fi front as TV 's defunct Cleopatra 2525 .
With generic sets and B-grade special effects
With an emotional sterility to match its outer space setting
With a story inspired by the tumultuous surroundings of Los Angeles , where feelings of marginalization loom for every dreamer with a burst bubble , The Dogwalker has a few characters and ideas , but it never manages to put them on the same path .
With a story as bizarre and mysterious as this , you do n't want to be worrying about whether the ineffectual Broomfield is going to have the courage to knock on that door .
With its dogged Hollywood naturalism and the inexorable passage of its characters toward sainthood , Windtalkers is nothing but a sticky-sweet soap .
if you enjoy being rewarded by a script that assumes you are n't very bright , then
if you enjoy being rewarded by a script that assumes you are n't very bright , then blood work
if you enjoy being rewarded by a script that assumes you are n't very bright
if you enjoy being rewarded by a script that assumes you are n't very bright ,
if you enjoy being rewarded by a script that assumes you are n't very bright , then blood work is for you
if you enjoy being rewarded by a script that assumes you are n't very bright , then blood work is for you .
of Hell
of Hollywood heart-string plucking
: an atrociously , mind-numbingly , indescribably bad movie
An erotic thriller that 's neither too erotic nor very thrilling , either .
An exhausting family drama about a porcelain empire
An exhausting family drama
An exhausting family drama about a porcelain empire and just as hard
all aliens
Plays like a volatile and overlong W magazine fashion
An extremely unpleasant film .
An extremely unpleasant film
Plays as hollow catharsis , with lots of tears but very little in the way of insights
Places a slightly believable love triangle in a difficult-to-swallow setting , and then disappointingly moves the story into the realm of an improbable thriller .
Places a slightly believable love triangle in a difficult-to-swallow setting , and then disappointingly moves the story into the realm of an improbable thriller
about Rubbo 's dumbed-down tactics
thinking someone made off with your wallet
Cattaneo reworks the formula that made The Full Monty a smashing success ... but neglects to add the magic that made it all work .
Flaccid drama and exasperatingly slow journey
filmmaker Yvan Attal quickly writes himself into a corner
filmed on the set of Carpenter 's The Thing and loaded with actors you 're most likely to find on the next inevitable incarnation of The Love Boat
Murder By Numbers is like a couple of mediocre TV-movie - of-the-week films clumsily stuck together .
amid the bland animation and simplistic story
to create characters who are sweet and believable , and are defeated by a screenplay that forces them into bizarre , implausible behavior
complexities
seem deceptively slight
complexity . Nothing
to crush depth
either moderately amusing or just plain irrelevant
a kind of perpetual pain
a kind of hard , cold effect
con
until it veered off too far into the exxon zone , and left me behind at the station looking for a return ticket to realism
that is anything but cathartic
majorly ham-fisted
a triple-espresso endurance challenge
make PTA proud yet director Muccino 's characters are less worthy of Puccini than they are of daytime television
major mistakes
Dahmer 's two hours amounts to little more than punishment
, low-key , 102-minute infomercial
, lumpish cipher
, luridly coloured ,
, luridly coloured , uni-dimensional nonsense machine that strokes the eyeballs while it evaporates like so much crypt mist in the brain
a truly , truly bad movie
One of the worst films of 2002 .
One of the worst movies of the year
critical backlash
One of the worst movies of the year .
of war
; you can hate yourself later .
a vanity project
an exercise in gross romanticization of the delusional personality type
an honorable , interesting failure
the most repellent movie
spray cheese and underarm noises played a crucial role
spread too thin
spray cheese and underarm noises
Seven rip-off
Set in a 1986 Harlem that does n't look much like anywhere in New York .
darker
you a mild headache
Humorless , self-conscious art drivel , made without a glimmer of intelligence or invention .
Human Nature should be ingratiating
Humor in I Spy is so anemic .
Humorless
Humorless ,
Humorless , self-conscious art drivel
Humorless , self-conscious art drivel ,
's Splash without the jokes
's a 100-year old mystery that is constantly being interrupted by Elizabeth Hurley in a bathing suit .
's Splash without the jokes .
's Young Guns meets Goodfellas in this easily skippable hayseeds-vs
's a bad , embarrassing movie
's a bad sign
cobbled together a film that feels like a sugar high gone awry
all the writhing and wailing ,
It will not appeal to the impatient
It 's leaden and predictable , and laughs are lacking .
It 's leaden and predictable , and laughs are lacking
It 's leaden and predictable , and
It 's leaden and predictable ,
It 's loud and boring ; watching it is like being trapped at a bad rock concert
It 's loud and boring ;
is remarkably fuddled about motives and context , which drains it of the dramatic substance that would shake us in our boots ( or cinema seats ) .
is remarkably fuddled about motives and context , which drains it of the dramatic substance that would shake us in our boots ( or cinema seats )
wary natives
warmed-over Cold War paranoia
's a mystery how the movie could be released in this condition .
is pathetic !
is paced at a speed that is slow to those of us in middle age and deathly slow to any teen
is paced at a speed that is slow to those of us in middle age and deathly slow to any teen .
invented to describe exactly how bad it is
tends to speculation , conspiracy theories or , at best , circumstantial evidence
the dispassionate Gantz brothers
The most repugnant adaptation
The most repugnant adaptation of a classic text since Roland Joffé and Demi Moore
The most memorable moment was when Green threw medical equipment at a window ; not because it was particularly funny , but because I had a serious urge to grab the old lady at the end of my aisle 's walker and toss it at the screen in frustration .
The most horrific movie experience
The most horrific movie experience I 've had since `` Ca n't Stop The Music . ''
the dispassionate Gantz brothers as ordinary , pasty lumpen
little uneven
just a series of carefully choreographed atrocities , which become strangely impersonal and abstract
will quite likely be more like hell .
will probably limited to LDS Church members and undemanding armchair tourists .
will probably sink the film for anyone who does n't think about percentages all day long
will quite likely be more like hell
dumped a whole lot of plot in favor of
dumbed-down concoction
dumb things
dumb movie
dumped a whole lot of plot
dumbfoundingly
dumbest , sketchiest movie
have to wonder how on earth anyone , anywhere could have thought they 'd make audiences guffaw with a script as utterly diabolical as this
have to wonder how on earth anyone , anywhere could have thought they 'd make audiences guffaw with a script as utterly diabolical as this .
have to read the fart jokes
have to seem like it took another thousand to tell it to us
have to dig deep to sink this low . Fortunately for all involved
have to gloss over the no sense ending
have to gloss over the no sense ending .
same lazy affability
same old
of simple-minded
of sincere grief and mourning in favor of bogus spiritualism
does n't work as either
This is a train wreck of an action film -- a stupefying attempt by the filmmakers to force-feed James Bond into the mindless XXX mold and throw 40 years of cinematic history down the toilet in favor of bright flashes and loud bangs .
This is a truly , truly bad movie .
This is an egotistical endeavor from the daughter of horror director Dario Argento ( a producer here )
This is an egotistical endeavor from the daughter of horror director Dario Argento ( a producer here ) ,
This is a movie where the most notable observation is how long you 've been sitting still .
This is a particularly toxic little bonbon , palatable to only a chosen and very jaundiced few .
This is a shameless sham , calculated to cash in on the popularity of its stars .
This is a throwaway , junk-food movie whose rap soundtrack was better tended to than the film itself .
appears to have blown his entire budget on soundtrack rights and had nothing left over for jokes .
appears that something has been lost in the translation to the screen .
appears that something has been lost in the translation to the screen
appear to be reading the lines
Queen of the Damned as you might have guessed , makes sorry use of Aaliyah in her one and only starring role --
Queen of the Damned as you might have guessed , makes sorry use of Aaliyah in her one and only starring role -- she does little here but point at things that explode into flame
Queen is campy fun like the Vincent Price horror classics of the '60s . At its worst , it implodes in a series of very bad special effects .
should not
as the film goes on , the joke wears thin
into a routine courtroom drama , better suited for a movie titled '' Glory : A Soldier 's Story
into an elegiacally soggy Saving Private Ryanovich
into an insider 's lingo and mindset
into an after-school special compiled in one place , minus those daytime programs ' slickness and sophistication ( and who knew they even had any ? )
are only slightly magnified versions of the ones that vex nearly everyone
are likely to be disappointed
are likely to be disappointed .
should have stayed there
should have stayed there .
's a persistent theatrical sentiment and a woozy quality to the manner of the storytelling , which undercuts the devastatingly telling impact of utter loss personified in the film 's simple title .
of her vampire
a sour cliche
a sour taste
a soulless hunk of exploitative garbage
a sour taste in one 's mouth
a sour taste in one 's mouth ,
's a persistent theatrical sentiment and a woozy quality to the manner of the storytelling , which undercuts the devastatingly telling impact of utter loss personified in the film 's simple title
The Tuxedo is more boring or embarrassing
The Transporter lacks Besson 's perspective as a storyteller .
The Truth About Charlie gets increasingly tiresome
The Transporter bombards the viewer with so many explosions and side snap kicks that it ends up being surprisingly dull
The Transporter bombards the viewer with so many explosions and
The Transporter is riddled with plot holes big enough for its titular hero to drive his sleek black BMW through .
seems unsure of how to evoke any sort of naturalism on the set .
off with a bang , but then fizzles like a wet stick of dynamite at the very end .
director Roger Kumble seems to have dumped a whole lot of plot in favor of ... outrageous gags .
director Marcus Adams just copies from various sources -- good sources , bad mixture
at the expense of character
Fire ? lazily and glumly
to losing my lunch
-- and gross
Final verdict : You 've seen it all before .
turning into a black hole of dullness
fear dot com is so rambling and disconnected it never builds any suspense .
fatigues
I felt tired and drained and wanted to lie on my own deathbed for a while .
I found it slow , drab , and bordering on melodramatic .
I found myself confused when it came time to get to the heart of the movie .
, it ultimately comes off as a pale successor .
latest effort is not the director at his most sparkling
conciliatory tone that Three Seasons achieved but loses its way in rhetorical excess and blatant sentimentality
concentrates far too much on the awkward interplay and utter lack of chemistry between Chan and Hewitt .
concentrates far too much on the awkward interplay and utter lack of chemistry between Chan and Hewitt
, but the code-talk will fly right over everyone 's head
The gifted Crudup has the perfect face to play a handsome blank yearning to find himself , and his cipherlike personality and bad behavior would play fine if the movie knew what to do with him .
wafer-thin
wait for your pay per view dollar
voluptuous cheap effects
vulgar highlights
vulgar
waits until after halftime to get started
Patchy
of the refuse of adults
a bad premise ,
a bad premise , just
a bad premise , just a bad movie
a bad sitcom
a badly edited , 91-minute trailer
a badly edited , 91-minute trailer ( and )
a banal spiritual quest
a barf bag
naive
the idea of the white man arriving on foreign shores to show wary natives the true light is abhorrent to you
the idea of narrative logic or cohesion is an entirely foreign concept
the idea of exploiting molestation for laughs is funny , not actually exploiting it yourself
Dramatically lackluster
Dramatically lackluster .
anything but compelling
they trot out the conventional science-fiction elements of bug-eyed monsters and futuristic women in skimpy clothes
they strip down often enough to keep men alert , if not amused
they tried to squeeze too many elements into the film
of penis , breast and flatulence gags in search of a story
of other , better films , especially Seven , which director William Malone slavishly copies
of other quirky movies that try to score hipness
they were insulted and
they were insulted and the audience was put through torture for an hour and a half
is pretty landbound , with its leaden acting , dull exposition and telegraphed ` surprises
Audiences can be expected to suspend their disbelief only so far -- and
Audiences can be expected to suspend their disbelief only so far -- and that does not include the 5 o'clock shadow on the tall wooden kid as he skips off to school
Audiences can be expected to suspend their disbelief only so far -- and that does not include the 5 o'clock shadow on the tall wooden kid as he skips off to school .
Audiences will find no mention of political prisoners or persecutions that might paint the Castro regime in less than saintly tones .
Lyne 's latest , the erotic thriller Unfaithful , further demonstrates just how far his storytelling skills have eroded .
Lyne 's stolid remake of '' Lolita ''
been a painless time-killer becomes instead a grating endurance test
Wimps out by going for that PG-13 rating
been , pardon the pun , sucked out and replaced by goth goofiness
been , pardon the pun , sucked out
been a hoot in a bad-movie way
For every articulate player , such as skateboarder Tony Hawk or BMX rider Mat Hoffman , are about a half dozen young Turks angling to see how many times they can work the words `` radical '' or `` suck '' into a sentence .
Beck seems to be under the illusion that he 's shooting the latest System of a Down video .
when he should be filling the screen with this tortured , dull artist and monster-in-the
by Avary 's failure to construct a story with even a trace of dramatic interest
buying into sham truths and routine `` indie '' filmmaking
buying into sham truths and routine `` indie '' filmmaking , Freundlich has made just another safe movie .
buzz-obsessed
vomit bath
easy target
This insufferable movie is meant to make you think about existential suffering .
This is a film about the irksome , tiresome nature of complacency that remains utterly satisfied to remain the same throughout .
` Matrix ' - style massacres erupt throughout ... but the movie has a tougher time balancing its violence with Kafka-inspired philosophy
` In this poor remake of such a well loved classic , Parker exposes the limitations of his skill and the basic flaws in his vision . '
` Hey Arnold ! ' has some visual wit ... but little imagination elsewhere .
` Martin Lawrence Live ' is so self-pitying , I almost expected there to be a collection taken for the comedian at the end of the show .
` Linklater fans , or pretentious types who want to appear avant-garde will suck up to this project ... '
Chaotic
Chao was Chen Kaige 's assistant for years in China . He has not learnt that storytelling is what the movies are about .
Chai 's structure and pacing are disconcertingly slack .
Channel 5 grade trash
of the abuses of one of Latin America 's most oppressive regimes
may have meant the Internet short Saving Ryan 's Privates .
I 'd have to say the star and director are the big problems here .
It 's still terrible !
may feel time has decided to stand still .
receiving War Department telegrams
may go down in cinema history as the only movie ever in which the rest of the cast was outshined by LL Cool J.
He 'd create a movie better than this .
may be wondering what all that jazz was about `` Chicago '' in 2002 .
may enjoy the same free ride from critics afforded to Clint Eastwood in the lazy Bloodwork
's neither too erotic nor very thrilling , either .
's my advice , Kev . Start reading your scripts before signing that dotted line .
's my advice , Kev . Start reading your scripts before signing that dotted line
of its plot contrivances
he would have done well to end this flawed , dazzling series with the raising of something other than his own cremaster
upon which to hang broad , mildly fleshed-out characters that seem to have been conjured up only 10 minutes prior to filming
upstage the woman sporting them
upstage
uptight
the better of obnoxious adults
the big loser
the biggest downside
's a loathsome movie
's a film with an idea buried somewhere inside its fabric , but never clearly seen or felt .
's a film with an idea buried somewhere inside its fabric , but never clearly seen or felt
's a grab bag of genres that do n't add up to a whole lot of sense .
's a grab bag of genres that do n't add up to a whole lot of sense
's a humorless , disjointed mess .
's a humorless , disjointed mess
hates criticism so much that he refuses to evaluate his own work
hate to like it .
hate the feeling of having been slimed in the name of High Art .
hate the feeling of having been slimed in the name of High Art
hate El Crimen del Padre Amaro because it 's anti-Catholic .
hastily written
hastily mounted production exists only to capitalize on Hopkins ' inclination to play Hannibal Lecter again , even though Harris has no immediate inclination to provide a fourth book .
a cookie-cutter movie ,
once too often
once she lets her love depraved leads meet , ( Denis ' ) story becomes a hopeless , unsatisfying muddle
a couple of mediocre TV-movie
It 's drained of life in an attempt to be sober and educational , and
It 's drained of life in an attempt to be sober and educational , and yet it 's so devoid of realism that its lack of whistles and bells just makes it obnoxious and stiff
It 's drained of life in an attempt to be sober and educational
It 's drained of life in an attempt to be sober and educational ,
It 's difficult to say whether The Tuxedo is more boring or embarrassing -- I 'm prepared to call it a draw .
It 's disappointing when filmmakers throw a few big-name actors and cameos at a hokey script .
It 's difficult to say whether The Tuxedo is more boring or embarrassing -- I 'm prepared to call it a draw
Trouble ''
It 's dumb
is surely no classic , like the novel upon which it is based
is superficially preposterous
a grand whimper
sitting in a downtown café , overhearing a bunch of typical late-twenty-somethings natter on about nothing
might not look so appealing on third or fourth viewing down the road
might to resist
virtually no understanding of it
virtually no understanding
virtually no aftertaste
sits there like a side dish no one ordered .
virtually collapses into an inhalant blackout , maintaining consciousness just long enough to achieve callow pretension
virtually chokes on its own self-consciousness .
sitting around
sits behind his light meter and harangues the supposed injustices of the artistic world-at-large
Upper West Sidey exercise in narcissism and self-congratulation disguised as a tribute .
sits there like a side dish no one ordered
too little excitement and
too little excitement
uselessly redundant and shamelessly money-grubbing than most third-rate horror sequels .
his persistently useless
his persistently useless movies
his problematic
of mixed messages , over-blown drama and Bruce Willis
of misogyny and unprovoked violence
useless movie
J. Lo will earn her share of the holiday box office pie , although this movie makes one thing perfectly clear : She 's a pretty woman , but she 's no working girl
is like a year late for tapping into our reality tv obsession , and even tardier for exploiting the novelty of the '' webcast . ''
in its recycled aspects , implausibility , and sags in pace
useless actioners
To be oblivious to the existence of this film
To Be Really Awful
To call The Other Side of Heaven '' appalling '' would be to underestimate just how dangerous entertainments like it can be .
To call The Other Side of Heaven '' appalling ''
To be oblivious to the existence of this film would be very sweet indeed .
To imagine the life of Harry Potter as a martial arts adventure told by a lobotomized Woody Allen
elegiacally soggy Saving Private Ryanovich
for its lack of logic and misuse of two fine actors , Morgan Freeman and Ashley Judd
have never gained the ears of the world
have no goal and no urgency . It 's just filler
from the string of insultingly innocuous
, albeit half-baked ,
botched
botch-jobs
, all-over-the-map movie would be a lot better if it pared down its plots and characters to a few rather than dozens ... or if it were subtler ... or if it had a sense of humor .
exasperated
examines general issues of race and justice among the poor , and
, or bored or frustrated by the film
, at least the title of this film lets you know exactly where it 's heading .
about a rag-tag bunch of would-be characters
retain their lunch
its posse of trailer park denizens
its ragged , cheap and unassuming way
retch
discordant
discards the potential for pathological study , exhuming instead , the skewed melodrama of the circumstantial situation .
are n't interested in rap , as it cuts to the heart of American society in an unnerving way
are n't interested in rap
blasts of rage
The film has a childlike quality about it . But the feelings evoked in the film are lukewarm and quick to pass
a muddle
The film has a laundry list of minor shortcomings ,
The film has a laundry list of minor shortcomings , but
no meaning
no desire
sick and
starring a `` SNL '' has-been acting like an 8-year-old channeling Roberto Benigni
stands for Milder Is n't Better .
the screenplay falls somewhat short
the score is too insistent
taking a risk if you choose to see it
feels more like a cinematic experiment than a full-blown movie .
feels more like a cinematic experiment than a full-blown movie
feels like it was made by some very stoned college students
feels like an ugly knot tightening in your stomach
feels like an impostor .
feels like an impostor
Boasting some of the most poorly staged and lit action in memory , Impostor is as close as you can get to an imitation movie .
feels like a sugar high gone awry
feels like a preamble to a bigger , more complicated story , one that never materializes .
put away the guitar , sell the amp ,
put away
pushing the jokes at the expense of character until things fall apart
pushing the jokes at the expense of character
put away the guitar , sell the amp , and
as a writer , Mr. Montias is n't nearly as good to his crew as he is as a director or actor .
as an intellectual exercise -- an unpleasant debate that 's been given the drive of a narrative and that 's been acted out --
as an older woman who seduces Oscar , the film founders on its lack of empathy for the social milieu - rich New York intelligentsia - and its off
The film is all over the place , really . It dabbles all around , never gaining much momentum .
little to love about this English trifle
little to boost Stallone 's career
The film is so bad it does n't improve upon the experience of staring at a blank screen .
The film is hampered by its predictable plot and paper-thin supporting characters .
little to offer
little wit
Some , like Ballistic , arrive stillborn ... looking like the beaten , well-worn video box cover of seven years into the future .
Some , like Ballistic , arrive stillborn ... looking like the beaten , well-worn video box cover of seven years into the future
Some , like Ballistic , arrive stillborn ...
Some are fascinating and others are not
thrusts the audience into a future they wo n't much care about
likely to find on the next inevitable incarnation of The Love Boat
likely to drown a viewer in boredom than to send any shivers down his spine
quite sure where self-promotion ends and the truth begins
qutting may be a flawed film
Could The Country Bears really be as bad as its trailers
Corny , schmaltzy and predictable
Corny , schmaltzy and predictable ,
Could The Country Bears really be as bad as its trailers ?
Could the whole plan here have been to produce something that makes Fatal Attraction look like a classic by comparison ?
30 seconds of plot
's no surprise to see a world-class filmmaker like Zhang Yimou behind the camera for a yarn that 's ultimately rather inconsequential
's no sense of actual passion being washed away in love 's dissolution .
's no way to sort out the mess in our heads and deconstruct where it all went wrong .
's no way to sort out the mess in our heads and deconstruct where it all went wrong
's not a spark of new inspiration in it , just more of the same , done with noticeably less energy and imagination .
's not a spark of new inspiration in it , just more of the same , done with noticeably less energy and imagination
's not as obnoxious as Tom Green 's Freddie Got Fingered
Cuba Gooding Jr . valiantly mugs his way through Snow Dogs , but even his boisterous energy fails to spark this leaden comedy .
lacks the visual panache , the comic touch , and perhaps the budget of Sommers 's title-bout features
lacks the visual panache , the comic touch , and perhaps the budget of Sommers 's title-bout features .
tick-tock
lacks momentum and its position remains mostly undeterminable
lacks the charisma and ability to carry the film on his admittedly broad shoulders .
lacks the compassion , good-natured humor and the level of insight that made ( Eyre 's ) first film something of a sleeper success
lacks the emotional resonance of either of those movies
The cinematic equivalent of patronizing a bar
will forgive any shoddy product as long as there 's a little girl-on-girl action
less conspicuous writing strength
will have completely forgotten the movie by the time you get back to your car in the parking lot
The colorful Masseur wastes its time on mood rather than riding with the inherent absurdity of Ganesh 's rise up the social ladder .
peculiar malaise
But it 's hardly a necessary enterprise .
But it 's hard to imagine a more generic effort in the genre .
on a squirm-inducing fish-out-of-water formula that goes nowhere and goes there very , very slowly
that could possibly make them less interesting than they already are
that could be mistaken for giving a public oration , rather than contributing to a film 's narrative
that could only be made by African-Americans because of its broad racial insensitivity towards African-Americans
that could not find a buyer to play it on the tube
that could have lent the film a bit more depth
, poorly acted , brain-slappingly bad , Harvard Man is ludicrous enough that it could become a cult classic .
topless and roll in the mud than a worthwhile glimpse of independent-community guiding lights
topless and roll in the mud than a worthwhile glimpse of independent-community guiding lights .
plays like a badly edited , 91-minute trailer ( and ) the director ca n't seem to get a coherent rhythm going
you want to hate it
so low-wattage
so interminably it 's like watching a miserable relationship unfold in real time
so lacking in originality that if you stripped away its inspirations there
so little entertainment
so low
uni-dimensional nonsense machine
would send this ill-conceived folly to sleep with the fishes
unhappy situation
forget about any attempt at a plot !
forget its absurdity
, brain-deadening hangover
, but at other times as bland as a block of snow .
, but I believe a movie can be mindless without being the peak of all things insipid .
forged in the fires of Chick Flick Hell
forget about any attempt at a plot
of that peculiar tension of being too dense & about nothing at all
unwrapped it early , took out all the good stuff , and left behind the crap ( literally ) .
unwrapped it early , took out all the good stuff , and left behind the crap ( literally )
unwrapped it early , took out all the good stuff
unwrapped it early , took out all the good stuff ,
Let 's cut to the consumer-advice bottom line : Stay home
up . Wiser souls would have tactfully pretended not to see it
In its treatment of the dehumanizing and ego-destroying process of unemployment
, a challenge and a punishment .
A depressingly retrograde
A depressingly retrograde , ` post-feminist ' romantic comedy that takes an astonishingly condescending attitude toward women
A depressingly retrograde , ` post-feminist ' romantic comedy that takes an astonishingly condescending attitude toward women .
A derivative collection
A derivative collection of horror and sci-fi
A derivative collection of horror and sci-fi cliches .
A determined , ennui-hobbled slog
A determined , ennui-hobbled slog that really does n't have much to say beyond the news
A determined , ennui-hobbled slog that really does n't have much to say beyond the news flash that loneliness can make people act weird .
with no unified whole
with no signs of life
with no obvious escape
of drooling idiots
of dreck
the sogginess of its contemporary characters
entertaining enough , but nothing new
Though it lacks the utter authority of a genre gem
Though it runs 163 minutes
Though it never rises to its full potential as a film
has failed him
the problems of the characters never become important to us , and the story never takes hold
the problems of the characters never become important to us , and
the problems of the characters never become important to us ,
the problematic third act
ranges from bad
ranks with the worst
ranges from bad to bodacious
is hampered by a made-for-TV look , rigid performances and an asinine ` twist ' that brazenly rips off The Sixth Sense
is genuine sweep or feeling or even a character worth caring about .
is genuine sweep or feeling or even a character worth caring about
that this is n't something to be taken seriously
that they 're stuck with a script that prevents them from firing on all cylinders
that there 's nothing resembling a spine here
offers not even a hint of joy , preferring to focus on the humiliation of Martin as he defecates in bed and urinates on the plants at his own birthday party
offers no easy , comfortable resolution
viewer to doze off for a few minutes or make several runs to the concession stand and\/or restroom and not feel as if he or she has missed anything
viewers will wish there had been more of the `` Queen '' and less of the `` Damned . ''
video-cam footage
virtually no one
vile enough
a more original story instead of just slapping extreme humor and gross-out gags
a more confused , less interesting and more sloppily
a more confused , less interesting and more sloppily made film could possibly come down the road in 2002
give a spark to `` Chasing Amy '' and `` Changing Lanes '' falls flat as thinking man CIA agent Jack Ryan in this summer 's new action film , ``
marvelous series into a deadly bore
massive cardiac arrest
violent , self-indulgent and maddening
that Kate is n't very bright , but that she has n't been worth caring about
that Kate is n't very bright , but that she has n't been worth caring about and
that Kate is n't very bright , but that she has n't been worth caring about and that maybe she , Janine and Molly -- an all-woman dysfunctional family -- deserve one another
give a spark to `` Chasing Amy '' and `` Changing Lanes '' falls flat as thinking man CIA agent Jack Ryan in this summer 's new action film
that Jim Brown treats his women -- as dumb , credulous , unassuming , subordinate subjects .
that Kate is n't very bright , but
the slippery slope
into a dreary , humorless soap opera
mope
moody male hustler
as bad as you think
as assembled , Frankenstein-like
monument to bad in all its florid variety
into a dullard
into Romeo and Juliet\/West Side Story territory , where it plainly has no business going
foundering performance
and ugly movies
and stiff-upper-lip laboriousness
and unfunny madcap comedy
and underarm noises
falls flat as thinking man
indie debut that smacks more of good intentions than talent .
Bogdanich is unashamedly pro-Serbian and makes little attempt to give voice to the other side .
a vicious hangover
a very bad feeling
pitched to the cadence of a depressed fifteen-year-old 's suicidal poetry .
the muddled
the film does n't sustain its initial promise with a jarring , new-agey tone creeping into the second half
the film fails to fulfill its own ambitious goals
the film has -- ironically - distanced us from the characters
is plastered with one Hollywood cliche after another , most of which involve precocious kids getting the better of obnoxious adults .
is plastered with one Hollywood cliche after another , most of which involve precocious kids getting the better of obnoxious adults
is played with exasperating blandness by Laura Regan .
is played with exasperating blandness by Laura Regan
is perhaps too effective in creating an atmosphere of dust-caked stagnation and
is perhaps too effective in creating an atmosphere of dust-caked stagnation
is perhaps too effective in creating an atmosphere of dust-caked stagnation and labored gentility .
is perhaps too effective in creating an atmosphere of dust-caked stagnation and labored gentility
is playing so free with emotions , and the fact that children are hostages to fortune , that he makes the audience hostage to his swaggering affectation of seriousness
untalented people
the muddled narrative
Mr . Eyre 's uninspired dramatics
Movies like this are selling the old European candor , the old wink of ` bold ' revelation . But in 2002 , such revelations wilt .
Mr . Eyre 's uninspired dramatics and more of his sense of observation and outrage
Mr . Eyre 's uninspired dramatics and
as flippant or slick as it thinks it is
Submarine flick , Half Ghost Story , All in one criminally
Suffers from the lack of a compelling or comprehensible narrative
its luckiest viewers will be seated next to one of those ignorant
Aside from the fact that the film idiotically uses the website feardotcom . com or the improperly hammy performance from poor Stephen Rea
Aspires to the cracked lunacy of The Adventures of Buckaroo Banzai , but thanks to an astonishingly witless script ends up more like The Adventures of Ford Fairlane .
Aspires to the cracked lunacy of The Adventures of Buckaroo Banzai , but thanks to an astonishingly witless script
lacks originality to make it a great movie
a commodified , sold-out concept on the American filmmaking scene
a community theater production
a comedy that 's not very funny and
a comedy that 's not very funny and an action movie that is not very thrilling ( and an uneasy alliance , at that )
given it a one-star rating
For a movie about the power of poetry and passion , there is precious little of either .
For a story set at sea , Ghost Ship is pretty landbound , with its leaden acting , dull exposition and telegraphed ` surprises . '
For all of its insights into the dream world of teen life , and its electronic expression through cyber culture , the film gives no quarter to anyone seeking to pull a cohesive story out of its 2 1\/2 - hour running time .
like my Christmas movies with more elves and snow and less pimps and ho 's .
like mere splashing around
like looking over the outdated clothes and plastic knickknacks at your neighbor 's garage sale .
like looking over the outdated clothes and plastic knickknacks at your neighbor 's garage sale
of ` black culture ' and the dorkier aspects
shallow and immature character
shallow and immature character with whom to spend 110 claustrophobic minutes
show this movie to reviewers before its opening , afraid of the bad reviews they thought they 'd earn .
the film is about as interesting as an insurance commercial .
the film is less poetic than simply pretentious .
the film is n't as flippant or slick as it thinks it is
the film is more worshipful than your random E ! True Hollywood Story .
the film is so mired in juvenile and near-xenophobic pedagogy that it 's enough to make one pine for the day when Godard can no longer handle the rigors of filmmaking .
plenty of baggage
The abiding impression , despite the mild hallucinogenic buzz , is of overwhelming waste --
The abiding impression , despite the mild hallucinogenic buzz , is of overwhelming waste
The abiding impression , despite the mild hallucinogenic buzz , is of overwhelming waste -- the acres of haute couture ca n't quite conceal that there 's nothing resembling a spine here .
is far from the worst , thanks to the topical issues it raises , the performances of Stewart and Hardy , and that essential feature -- a decent full-on space battle
The acting is amateurish ,
The acting is amateurish
will certainly succeed in alienating most viewers
You may think you have figured out the con and the players in this debut film by Argentine director Fabian Bielinsky , but while you were thinking someone made off with your wallet .
Crush could be the worst film a man has made about women since Valley of the Dolls .
bad luck and
bad luck
bad of a movie
bad luck and their own immaturity
swings between false sentiment and unfunny madcap comedy and
Not only does LeBlanc make one spectacularly ugly-looking broad , but he appears miserable throughout as he swaggers through his scenes .
the movie has a tougher time balancing its violence with Kafka-inspired philosophy
lacks in thematic coherence it largely makes up for as loosey-goosey , experimental entertainment . Still
overstays its natural running time
overstylized
overproduced piece
overstays
overly melodramatic ...
overcome the cultural moat surrounding its ludicrous and contrived plot
overdose movies like `` Divine Secrets of the Ya Ya Sisterhood , ''
Colin Hanks is in bad need of major acting lessons and maybe a little coffee .
better suited to a night in the living room than a night at the movies
better to do with 94 minutes
There 's no excuse for following up a delightful , well-crafted family film with a computer-generated cold fish .
There 's no emotional pulse to Solaris . With an emotional sterility to match its outer space setting , Soderbergh 's spectacular swing for the fence yields only a spectacular whiff .
take as long as you 've paid a matinee price
take as many drugs as the film 's characters
tactic to cover up the fact that the picture is constructed around a core of flimsy -- or , worse yet , nonexistent -- ideas
There 's no emotional pulse to Solaris . With an emotional sterility to match its outer space setting
take a rocket scientist to figure out that this is a Mormon family movie , and a sappy , preachy one at that
tacky and
tacky and reprehensible
tacky nonsense
having sucked dry the undead action flick formula
having to inhale this gutter romancer 's secondhand material
having sucked dry the undead action flick formula , Blade II mutates into a gross-out monster movie with effects that are more silly than scary .
he 's already done way too often
having two guys yelling in your face for two hours
he 's been responsible for putting together any movies of particular value or merit
he 's dry
gets old quickly .
gets old quickly
gets old
, The Sum of All Fears generates little narrative momentum , and invites unflattering comparisons to other installments in the Ryan series .
a movie like Ballistic : Ecks Vs. Sever is more of an ordeal than an amusement .
, Super Troopers suffers because it does n't have enough vices to merit its 103-minute length .
a movie that makes it possible for the viewer to doze off for a few minutes or make several runs to the concession stand and\/or restroom and not feel as if he or she has missed anything
, Sterile And Lacking
a movie that takes such a speedy swan dive from `` promising ''
, The Tuxedo does n't add up to a whole lot .
a pale
a nightmare
a nightmare on elm street
of sizzle and very little steak
That the film opens with maggots crawling on a dead dog is not an out of place metaphor .
hogs the scenes
particularly that unexpected downer of an ending
wretched
but it also does the absolute last thing we need Hollywood doing to us :
but it also does the absolute last thing we need Hollywood doing to us
A fifty car pileup of cliches .
for any hefty anti-establishment message in what is essentially a whip-crack of a buddy movie that ends with a whimper
A film neither bitter nor sweet
A film neither bitter nor sweet , neither romantic nor comedic
gone straight to a Mystery Science Theater 3000 video
gone-to-pot
gone awry
gone horribly wrong
gone into an after-school special compiled in one place , minus those daytime programs ' slickness and sophistication ( and who knew they even had any ? )
their ugly heads
that George Lucas has long forgotten
be low , very low , very very low , for the masquerade to work
that 's even less plausible than the rest of the picture
than the punishing , special-effects soul assaults the Mummy pictures
is so contrived , nonsensical and formulaic that , come to think of it , the day-old shelf would be a more appropriate location to store it
is so bleak
is so bleak that it 's hardly watchable
add movies
on . Like you could n't smell this turkey rotting from miles away
really have to wonder how on earth anyone , anywhere could have thought they 'd make audiences guffaw with a script as utterly diabolical as this .
this time , the old MIB label stands for Milder Is n't Better .
is so prolonged and boring it is n't even close to being the barn-burningly bad movie it promised it would be
ice cube
hypocrisy and
hyper-cliched
with no great love for the original
statements and dime-store ruminations
its many out-sized ,
its less-than-objective stance
its many excesses
acting like puppets
with outtakes in which most of the characters forget their lines and just utter ` uhhh , ' which is better than most of the writing in the movie
with pages missing
the rather clumsy original was railing against
been better off as a documentary
is flushed down the latrine of heroism
is felt ; not the Craven of ' A Nightmare on Elm Street ' or ` The Hills Have Eyes , ' but the sad schlock merchant of ` Deadly Friend
is felt ; not the Craven of ' A Nightmare on Elm Street ' or ` The Hills Have Eyes , ' but the sad schlock merchant of ` Deadly Friend .
is far too self-conscious to draw you deeply into its world
is far too self-conscious to draw you deeply into its world .
is finally just one long drag .
is flat .
is fighting whom here ? Ah , yes , that would be me : fighting off the urge to doze
run the gamut from cheesy to cheesier to cheesiest
less like storytelling than something
he seems embarrassed to be part of
too long with too little
too loud ,
too long and bogs down in a surfeit of characters and unnecessary
too long and bogs down in a surfeit of characters and unnecessary subplots
too little
too is a bomb .
too literally
too loud , too goofy
too loud , too goofy and
familial jealousy
an impostor
an ill fit
an idiot
not , difficult and sad
( Two ) fairly dull -- contrasting and interlocking stories about miserable Scandinavian settlers in 18th-century Canada , and yuppie sailboaters in the here and now
( Two ) fairly dull -- contrasting and interlocking stories about miserable Scandinavian settlers in 18th-century Canada , and yuppie sailboaters in the here and now .
( Two ) fairly dull
( Two ) fairly dull --
( T ) hose same extremes prevent us from taking its message seriously ,
( T ) hose same extremes prevent us from taking its message seriously , and
( T ) hose same extremes prevent us from taking its message seriously , and the Stepford Wives mentality does n't work in a modern context
( T ) hose same extremes prevent us from taking its message seriously , and the Stepford Wives mentality does n't work in a modern context .
of Tremors on the modern B-scene : neither as funny nor as clever , though
... a haunting vision , with images that seem more like disturbing hallucinations .
the screenplay by james eric , james horton and director peter o'fallon ... is so pat it makes your teeth hurt
the screenplay by james eric , james horton and director peter o'fallon ... is so pat it makes your teeth hurt .
that fuels the self-destructiveness of many young people
a retread of material already thoroughly plumbed by martin scorsese .
screaming but yawning
screams at the top of their lungs no matter what the situation
scratching your head than hiding under your seat
scrawled
scratching your head in amazement over the fact that so many talented people could participate in such an
screams at the top of their lungs no matter what the situation .
the saddest
plumbs uncharted depths of stupidity , incoherence and sub-sophomoric sexual banter .
have been a difficult shoot
, Mr . Murray , a prolific director of music videos , stuffs his debut with more plot than it can comfortably hold .
, Nicholas Nickleby is too much like a fragment of an underdone potato .
wannabe
MacDowell is a placeholder for grief
Macaroni and Cheese
rent a pedigree instead
goes off the rails in its final 10 or 15 minutes
, the movie is too predictable and too self-conscious to reach a level of high drama .
instead of letting the laughs come as they may , lawrence unleashes his trademark misogyny -- er , comedy -- like a human volcano or an overflowing septic tank , take your pick
, the movie is busy contriving false , sitcom-worthy solutions to their problems .
, the movie is such a blip on the year 's radar screen that it 's tempting just to go with it for the ride . But this time , the old MIB label stands for Milder Is n't Better .
, the movie is a disaster
, the low-budget production swings annoyingly between vertigo and opacity .
instead of letting the laughs
finds no way to entertain or inspire its viewers .
instead of using bad sci-fi as window dressing
, the movie turns out to be not much more than a shaggy human tale .
I wo n't argue with anyone who calls ` Slackers ' dumb , insulting , or childish ... but
I wo n't argue with anyone who calls ` Slackers ' dumb , insulting , or childish ...
I was feeling this movie until it veered off too far into the Exxon zone , and left me behind at the station looking for a return ticket to realism .
institutionalized slavery
I wo n't be sitting through this one again
institutionalized slavery that ties a black-owned record label with a white-empowered police force
the road , where the thematic ironies are too obvious and the sexual politics too smug
chaotic , the photography grainy
changing the director and writer 's diapers
change titles or distributors again before the closing credits roll
done -- a sleepy afternoon rental
domestic psychopathy
done by the supposedly liberal media ... to the intimate and ultimately tragic heartache of maverick individuals like Hatfield and Hicks
some unpaid intern had just typed ` Chris Rock , ' ` Anthony Hopkins ' and ` terrorists ' into some Univac-like script machine
not a participant
with the surface histrionics failing to compensate for the paper-thin characterizations and facile situations
to determine how well the schmaltz is manufactured -- to assess the quality of the manipulative engineering . Average , at best , I 'm afraid
. Only masochistic moviegoers need apply .
Violent , vulgar and forgettably
Violent , vulgar and forgettably entertaining
represents the worst kind of filmmaking , the kind that pretends to be passionate and truthful but is really frustratingly timid and soggy
represents Adam Sandler 's latest attempt to dumb down the universe .
represents Adam Sandler 's latest attempt to dumb down the universe
Viewing this underdramatized but overstated film
Viewers will need all the luck they can muster just figuring out who 's who in this pretentious mess .
Vincent R . Nebrida or the gutless direction
could prove to be another man 's garbage
could n't stand to hear
could n't pick the lint off Borg Queen Alice Krige 's cape ;
could n't pick the lint off Borg Queen Alice Krige 's cape ; and
with the transparent attempts at moralizing
with the unfortunate trump card being the dreary mid-section of the film
who were in diapers when the original was released in 1987 ... this story gets sillier , not scarier , as it goes along
I would leave the theater with a lower I . Q . than when I had entered
II achieves ultimate insignificance
IS as bad as you think , and worse than you can imagine .
IS as bad as you think , and worse than you can imagine
maddeningly predictable
be laughing at britney spears ' movie-starring debut whenever it does n't have you impatiently squinting at your watch
be invented to describe exactly how bad it is
the dunce of a Screenwriting
passing twinkle
obscure this movie 's lack of ideas
obligatory cheap
veered off too far into the Exxon zone ,
Its simplicity puts an exclamation point on the fact that this is n't something to be taken seriously , but it also wrecks any chance of the movie rising above similar fare .
Its simplicity puts an exclamation point on the fact that this is n't something to be taken seriously
Its screenplay serves as auto-critique , and its clumsiness as its own most damning censure .
Its premise is smart , but the execution is pretty weary
Its premise is smart , but the execution is pretty weary .
the film , which gives you an idea just how bad it was
at other times as bland as a block of snow .
the film ca n't help but go soft and stinky
the film descends into unsophisticated scare tactics and B-film thuggery
through this summer that do not involve a dentist drill
is definitely one to skip , even for horror movie fanatics
unsettlingly familiar figure
is definitely one to skip , even for horror movie fanatics .
unsavory
unrepentant domestic psychopathy
unsatisfying
the ol' ball-and-chain
is created SOLELY because it 's a marketable product
Despite its many infuriating flaws -- not the least of which is Amy 's self-absorbed personality --
is ironically muted by the very people who are intended to make it shine
is its essential problem
The overall feel of the film is pretty cheesy
The overall feel of the film is pretty cheesy ,
What 's missing
The original was n't a good movie but this remake makes it look like a masterpiece !
The overall effect is less like a children 's movie than a recruitment film for future Hollywood sellouts .
to being the barn-burningly bad movie it promised it would be
There 's a reason the studio did n't offer an advance screening .
There 's no disguising this as one of the worst films of the summer .
There 's already been too many of these films ...
There 's no energy .
There 's no emotional pulse to Solaris .
a weak and ineffective ghost story without a conclusion or pay off .
The original was n't a good movie but
Whaley 's determination to immerse you in sheer , unrelenting wretchedness is exhausting .
will anyone really care ?
What 's at stake in this film is nothing more than an obsolete , if irritating , notion of class .
walked out muttering words like '' horrible '' and '' terrible , '' but had so much fun dissing the film that they did n't mind the ticket cost . In this case zero
detached .
that spends a bit too much time on its fairly ludicrous plot .
takes too long
that spends a bit too much time on its fairly ludicrous plot
a sour little movie at its core ; an exploration of the emptiness that underlay the relentless gaiety
a speed that is slow to those of us in middle age
a soufflé gone wrong
a sour little movie
started with a great premise and then just fell apart
Ms. Phoenix is completely lacking in charm and charisma , and is unable to project either Esther 's initial anomie or her eventual awakening .
to endure its extremely languorous rhythms , Waiting for Happiness
The film runs on a little longer than it needs to -- Muccino either does n't notice when his story ends or just ca n't tear himself away from the characters -- but
The film runs on a little longer than it needs to --
The film runs on a little longer than it needs to
The film runs on a little longer than it needs to -- Muccino either does n't notice when his story ends or just ca n't tear himself away from the characters --
The film runs on a little longer than it needs to -- Muccino either does n't notice when his story ends or just ca n't tear himself away from the characters
to either effort in three hours of screen time
another we do n't believe , and puts them into a battle of wills that is impossible to care about and is n't very funny
too smug
too slow , too boring , and occasionally annoying .
too thin
too stolid to be funny
too skewed to ever get a hold on
odd , rapt spell
odd bedfellows
insecure , uncontrolled , and intense
to hang onto that ski mask , as robbery may be the only way to pay for his next project
to grapple with hazy motivations that never come into focus
to have a lock on the title of ugliest movie of the year
to hate
a perfect metaphor for the movie itself , which contains few laughs and not much drama
a perpetual frat party ... How can something so gross be so boring ?
a period romance that suffers from an overly deliberate pace and uneven narrative momentum
a perversely cheerful Marcus Miller accordion\/harmonica\/banjo abomination
The predominantly amateur cast is painful to watch , so stilted and unconvincing are the performances .
The plot is very clever , but Boyd weighs it down with too many characters and events , all intertwined and far too complicated to keep track of .
The predominantly amateur cast is painful to watch , so stilted and unconvincing
The premise for this kegger comedy probably sounded brilliant four six-packs and a pitcher of margaritas in , but
The premise for this kegger comedy probably sounded brilliant four six-packs and a pitcher of margaritas in
The premise for this kegger comedy probably sounded brilliant four six-packs and a pitcher of margaritas in ,
relentless descent
is ( long ) gone .
irritatingly unimaginative retread concept
irritatingly unimaginative
is ) so stoked to make an important film about human infidelity and happenstance that he tosses a kitchen sink onto a story already overladen with plot conceits .
is ) so stoked to make an important film about human infidelity and happenstance that he tosses a kitchen sink onto a story already overladen with plot conceits
it 's easy to imagine that a new software program spit out the screenplay
it 's enough to make one pine for the day when Godard can no longer handle the rigors of filmmaking
it 's extreme , all right . Extremely dumb . Extremely confusing . Extremely boring .
it 's forced to make its characters idiots in order to advance the plot
it 's full of throwaway one-liners , not-quite jokes , and a determined TV amiability that Allen personifies .
who loses his faith
this quirky soccer import is forgettable
can say
can rent a pedigree instead
can render it anything but laughable .
can render it anything but laughable
can produce the same sleep-inducing effects as watching your neighbor 's home videos .
can produce the same sleep-inducing effects as watching your neighbor 's home videos
they shovel into their mental gullets to simulate sustenance
the movie is too impressed with its own solemn insights to work up much entertainment value
the movie is undone by a filmmaking methodology that 's just experimental enough to alienate the mainstream audience while ringing cliched to hardened indie-heads
coarse and stupid
coarse and stupid gross-out
offends by just being wishy-washy
to imagine anybody ever being '' in the mood '' to view a movie as harrowing and painful as The Grey Zone
Ver Wiel 's desperate attempt at wit
Ver Wiel 's desperate attempt at wit is lost , leaving the character of Critical Jim two-dimensional and pointless .
Sinks into the usual cafeteria goulash
big time stinker
constricted
constructed around a core of flimsy -- or , worse yet , nonexistent -- ideas
Never capitalizes on this concept and opts for the breezy and amateurish feel of an after school special on the subject of tolerance .
work in something that does n't feel like a half-baked stand-up routine
would n't be my preferred way of spending 100 minutes or $ 7.00 .
it difficult to sustain interest in his profession after the family tragedy . Too predictably , in fact
are odd and pixilated
are now two signs that M . Night Shyamalan 's debut feature sucked up all he has to give to the mystic genres of cinema : Unbreakable and Signs .
are now two signs that M . Night Shyamalan 's debut feature sucked up all he has to give to the mystic genres of cinema : Unbreakable and Signs
are never more than sketches ... which leaves any true emotional connection or identification frustratingly out of reach .
are never more than sketches ... which leaves any true emotional connection or identification frustratingly out of reach
overlong
overlong , and bombastic
Animated drivel
overmanipulative
overmanipulative Hollywood practices
Angel Of Death
, I 'd recommend waiting for DVD and just skipping straight to her scenes
, I can tell you that there 's no other reason why anyone should bother remembering it
, I can make you a real deal on leftover Enron stock that will double in value a week from Friday .
, I ca n't think of a single good reason to see this movie , even though everyone in my group extemporaneously shouted , ` Thank you ! ' when Leguizamo finally plugged an irritating character late in the movie .
, I do n't give a damn , ' have never been more appropriate .
, I did n't care for it
of give-a-damn
it does n't have any huge laughs in its story of irresponsible cops who love to play pranks
the middle and lurches between not-very-funny comedy , unconvincing dramatics and some last-minute action strongly reminiscent of Run Lola Run
the middle and lurches between not-very-funny comedy , unconvincing dramatics and
the middle and lurches between not-very-funny comedy , unconvincing dramatics
American instigator Michael Moore 's film is a rambling examination of American gun culture that uses his usual modus operandi of crucifixion through juxtaposition .
zero compelling storyline
Steven Seagal is considered a star , nor why he keeps being cast in action films when none of them are ever any good
its `` dead wife communicating from beyond the grave '' framework is even remotely new or interesting
Steven Spielberg has dreamed up such blatant and sickening product placement in a movie .
it would n't have taken the protagonists a full hour to determine that in order to kill a zombie you must shoot it in the head
it would be rendered tedious by Avary 's failure to construct a story with even a trace of dramatic interest .
it would be very possible for a reasonably intelligent person to sit through its tidal wave of imagery and not get this vision at all
was n't at least watchable
cliched dialogue and perverse escapism a source of high hilarity
the film gives no quarter to anyone seeking to pull a cohesive story out of its 2 1\/2 - hour running time .
the film gets added disdain for the fact that it is nearly impossible to look at or understand .
the film feels homogenized and a bit contrived , as if we 're looking back at a tattered and ugly past with rose-tinted glasses .
decidedly flimsier with its many out-sized , out of character and logically porous action set
decidedly flimsier with its many out-sized , out of character and logically porous action set pieces
decidedly foul
decidedly foul stylings
cliche-ridden film
cliche pileup
pessimism
perverted , sex-soaked riff
perverse
director ever making his wife look so bad in a major movie
of more self-absorbed women than the mother and daughters featured in this film
of my least favourite emotions , especially when I have to put up with 146 minutes of it
on the number of tumbleweeds blowing through the empty theatres
the nauseating fictions
thuds
on the level that one enjoys a bad slasher flick
carries almost no organic intrigue as a government \/ Marine\/legal mystery
carries almost no organic intrigue
cartoonish clichés and sneering humor
've had the misfortune to watch in quite some time .
've had the misfortune to watch in quite some time
've looked like as a low-budget series on a UHF channel .
've looked like as a low-budget series on a UHF channel
've got a huge mess
've ever seen that had no obvious directing involved
've had since '' Ca n't Stop The Music . '' It may as well be called '' Jar-Jar Binks : The Movie . '' It 's that painful
've got to give it thumbs down
again , in a better movie , you might not have noticed .
The script was reportedly rewritten a dozen times --
The script was reportedly rewritten a dozen times -- either 11 times too many or else too few
The script was reportedly rewritten a dozen times -- either 11 times too many or else too few .
The scriptwriters are no less a menace to society than the film 's characters .
The secrets of time travel will have been discovered , indulged in and rejected as boring before I see this piece of crap again .
The self-serious Equilibrium
so much farcical
so much farcical as sour .
this unpleasantness
the same teenage American road-trip drek we 've seen before
is so bad .
the same teenage American road-trip drek
's also not very good . Especially compared with the television series that inspired the movie .
the same snail 's pace
's also not very good .
is so completely inane that one would have to be mighty bored to even think of staying with this for more than , say , ten ... make that three minutes .
the same sleep-inducing effects
is so completely inane
, we need every bit of sympathy the cons can muster ; this time , there is n't much .
This is rote drivel aimed at Mom and Dad 's wallet .
standard , stiff TV-style animation and
standard , stiff TV-style animation and snazzy-looking digital effects that do little to disguise the fact that the characters barely move
stands convicted of nothing more than petty theft of your time
stands for Milder Is n't Better
rehashes
to become didactic
This is not a Jackie Chan movie . It 's just a movie that happens to have Jackie Chan in it . And that makes all the difference .
the movie about the baseball-playing monkey was worse . ''
living far too much
` Christian Bale 's Quinn ( is ) a leather clad grunge-pirate with a hairdo like Gandalf in a wind-tunnel and a simply astounding cor-blimey-luv-a-duck cockney accent . '
keep a family of five blind , crippled , Amish people alive in this situation
keep it from being a total rehash
This is one baaaaaaaaad movie .
Late Marriage 's stiffness is unlikely to demonstrate the emotional clout to sweep U . S . viewers off their feet .
self-referential hot air
their interaction is numbingly predictable
enactments , however fascinating they may be as history , are too crude to serve the work especially well .
self-inflicted retaliation
a movie that was made in 1978 but not released then because it was so weak , and it has been unearthed and released now , when it has become even weaker
a movie this delibrately obtuse and unapproachable .
If you 're looking for comedy to be served up , better look elsewhere .
If we do n't demand a standard of quality for the art that we choose , we deserve the trash that we get .
If we 're to slap protagonist Genevieve LePlouff because she 's French , do we have that same option to slap her creators because they 're clueless and inept ?
It 's light on the chills and heavy on the atmospheric weirdness , and there are moments of jaw-droppingly odd behavior
was , uh , Michael Zaidan , was supposed to have like written the screenplay or something
something awfully deadly
lack contrast , are murky and
something awfully deadly about any movie with a life-affirming message
something creepy and vague
confusion and
complain all the time
the same illogical things keep happening over and over again
was making no sense at all
was n't all that great to begin with
was painful
the miserable standards
the miserable standards to which the slasher genre has sunk
the message is too blatant
the middle of the road , where the thematic ironies are too obvious and the sexual politics too smug
comes down to whether you can tolerate Leon Barlow . I ca n't
comes down to whether you can tolerate Leon Barlow . I ca n't .
halftime to get started
half-hearted
is evidence that the farrelly bros . -- peter and bobby -- and their brand of screen comedy are wheezing to an end , along with green 's half-hearted movie career
is finally just one long drag
is heavy on religious symbols but wafer-thin
men in a sardine can '' warped logic
The fact that it is n't very good is almost beside the point .
The entire film is one big excuse to play one lewd scene after another .
sitting through it is something akin to an act of cinematic penance
The film 's ) taste for `` shock humor '' will wear thin on all
, we deserve the trash that we get .
to being lectured to by tech-geeks , if you 're up for that sort of thing
whooshing you from one visual marvel to the next , hastily , emptily
whose crisp framing , edgy camera work , and wholesale ineptitude
Two bodies and hardly a laugh between them
Two big things are missing -- anything approaching a visceral kick , and anything approaching even a vague reason to sit through it all .
the solemnity with which it tries to pump life into overworked elements from Eastwood 's Dirty Harry period
the somewhat predictable plot
the wasted potential
the waste of a good cast
the sort of bitter old crank
the wasted potential of this slapstick comedy
ruined
ruined his career
ruinous remake
the soggy performances
Such a premise is ripe for all manner of lunacy , but Kaufman and Gondry rarely seem sure of where it should go .
Such a premise is ripe for all manner of lunacy , but Kaufman and Gondry rarely seem sure of where it should go
prisoner
collision
the greedy talent agents
in a downward narcotized spiral
in a dead-end existence
in a dysfunctional family
involving than this mess
involvement , and , if you 'll excuse a little critical heresy , too intellectually ambitious
ironically , it becomes everything that the rather clumsy original was railing against
fathom
faux-urban
favored by pretentious , untalented artistes who enjoy moaning about their cruel fate
favored by pretentious , untalented artistes who enjoy moaning about their cruel fate .
favors to sober us up with the transparent attempts at moralizing
a depressing story
a depressing story that throws a bunch of hot-button items in the viewer 's face and asks to be seen as hip , winking social commentary
a depressed fifteen-year-old 's suicidal poetry
a depressing experience
a degree of randomness usually achieved only by lottery drawing
a dentist drill
bad enough
bad as
bad alternative music
bad blend
bad at it is cruel
bad a film you 're likely to see all year
bad a film
bad action-movie line
bad action movie
a script of even the most elemental literacy , an inkling of genuine wit , and anything resembling acting
a script that takes few chances and manages to insult the intelligence of everyone in the audience
a script ( by Paul Pender ) made of wood
a script in need of polishing
by some dramatic scenes that are jarring and deeply out of place in what could
by some cynical creeps at Revolution Studios and Imagine Entertainment
do better elsewhere
the equivalent of French hip-hop , which also seems to play on a 10-year delay
The Four Feathers lacks
There is no entry portal in The Rules of Attraction , and I spent most of the movie feeling depressed by the shallow , selfish , greedy characters
benign but forgettable
your typical ` fish out of water ' story . You 've seen them a million times . Just one problem : Fish out of water usually die .
diverting fluff
then ends with a whimper
then ends
and coldly self-interested
distract from the flawed support structure holding Equilibrium up
distracted by the movie 's quick movements
distressingly
distressing
disturbance
distressingly rote
It 's mildly interesting to ponder the peculiar American style of justice that plays out here , but it 's so muddled and derivative that few will bother thinking it all through
It 's mildly interesting to ponder the peculiar American style of justice that plays out here , but it 's so muddled and derivative that few will bother thinking it all through .
It 's never laugh-out-loud funny ,
The major problem
The major problem with Windtalkers
lurking around the corner , just waiting to spoil things
a severe case of oversimplification , superficiality and silliness
from between the badly dated cutesy-pie mystery scenario and the newfangled Hollywood post-production effects
brain-slappingly bad
secondhand ,
they see in each other also is difficult to fathom
being able to hit on a 15-year old when you 're over 100
could easily mistake it for a sketchy work-in-progress that was inexplicably rushed to the megaplexes before its time
could easily mistake it for a sketchy work-in-progress that was inexplicably rushed to the megaplexes before its time .
could dredge up
could be so flabby
is numbingly bad
Hopkins ) does n't so much phone in his performance as fax it .
look at how Western foreign policy - however well intentioned - can wreak havoc in other cultures
plays like an extended dialogue exercise in Retard 101
-- like a rather unbelievable love interest and a meandering ending --
plays like a student film by two guys who desperately want to be Quentin Tarantino when they grow up
plays like a student film by two guys who desperately want to be Quentin Tarantino when they grow up .
plays like a tired Tyco ad
plays better only for the film 's publicists or for people who take as many drugs as the film 's characters
would have been just another bad movie . Now it 's a bad , embarrassing movie .
subjected to farts , urine , feces , semen , or any of the other foul substances
Abandon ''
AIDS and Africa are nothing more than part of the scenery .
Aan opportunity wasted .
The idea is more interesting than the screenplay , which lags badly in the middle and lurches between not-very-funny comedy , unconvincing dramatics and some last-minute action strongly reminiscent of Run Lola Run .
Long on twinkly-eyed close-ups and short on shame
Long on twinkly-eyed close-ups and short
Long Is This Movie
Long before it 's over , you 'll be thinking of 51 ways to leave this loser .
not as aggressively impressive as its American counterpart , '' In the Bedroom
not apply
not be exactly divine
not as aggressively impressive as its American counterpart , '' In the Bedroom , '' Moretti 's film makes its own , quieter observations
not come readily to mind when considering the world 's best cuisine
includes a fair share of dumb drug jokes and predictable slapstick , '' Orange County ''
pictures whose promising , if rather precious , premise is undercut by amateurish execution .
pile on this much syrup
pictures whose promising , if rather precious , premise is undercut by amateurish execution
picture that does not move
picture that does not move .
picture strains
pillage
seem at times too many ,
us of how very bad a motion picture can truly be .
that suffers because of its many excesses
that subtly undermines its message of Christian love and compassion
find some hook on which to hang his persistently useless movies
vacuous
Kwan makes the mix-and - match metaphors intriguing , while lulling us into torpor with his cultivated allergy to action .
Lacking
Kung Pow : Enter the Fist
Kung Pow is Oedekerk 's realization of his childhood dream to be in a martial-arts flick , and proves that sometimes the dreams of youth should remain just that .
With nary a glimmer of self-knowledge , ( Crane ) becomes more specimen than character
Lacking gravitas
Lacking gravitas , MacDowell is a placeholder for grief
With the dog days of August upon us , think of this dog of a movie as the cinematic equivalent of high humidity .
Cold Turkey
When ( Reno ) lets her radical flag fly , taking angry potshots at George W. Bush , Henry Kissinger , Larry King , et al.
When ( Reno ) lets her radical flag fly , taking angry potshots at George W. Bush , Henry Kissinger , Larry King , et al. , Reno devolves into a laugh-free lecture .
More likely to have you scratching your head than hiding under your seat .
Do n't be fooled by the impressive cast list - Eye See You is pure junk .
, this loose collection of largely improvised numbers would probably have worked better as a one-hour TV documentary .
Do n't be fooled by the impressive cast list - Eye See You is pure junk
Do n't be fooled by the impressive cast list -
Do n't be fooled by the impressive cast list
Do n't expect any subtlety from this latest entry in the increasingly threadbare gross-out comedy cycle
talky films
turns so unforgivably trite in its last 10 minutes that anyone without a fortified sweet tooth will likely go into sugar shock .
turns so unforgivably trite in its last 10 minutes that anyone without a fortified sweet tooth will likely go into sugar shock
turns out to be not much more than a shaggy human tale .
your indifference
without respite
're not big fans of teen pop kitten Britney Spears
Flaccid
their closed-off nationalist reality
smeary and blurry , to the point
're subjected to one mind-numbingly lengthy riff on poo and pee jokes after another
're not the target demographic
're often undone by Howard 's self-conscious attempts to find a ` literary ' filmmaking style to match his subject
floundering way
overproduced and generally disappointing
like a children 's movie than a recruitment film for future Hollywood sellouts
unshapely
the saccharine sentimentality of Bicentennial Man
released the outtakes theatrically and used the film as a bonus feature on the DVD
much of what 's on Saturday morning TV especially the pseudo-educational stuff we all ca n't stand
much self-centered
convicted of nothing more than petty theft of your time
domestic abuse
like a community theater production of a great Broadway play
the same way that Jim Brown treats his women -- as dumb , credulous , unassuming , subordinate subjects
florid but ultimately vapid crime melodrama
sink this ` sub '
is closer to slowtime
is deadly
the big-fisted direction of Jez Butterworth , who manages to blast even the smallest sensitivities from the romance with his clamorous approach
pig
With nary a glimmer of self-knowledge , ( Crane ) becomes more specimen than character -- and
bite your tongue to keep from laughing at the ridiculous dialog or the oh-so convenient plot twists
`` Looking For Leonard '' just seems to kinda sit in neutral , hoping for a stiff wind to blow it uphill or something .
the worst of their shallow styles
the worst of tragedies
Could use a little more humanity , but
Could use a little more humanity ,
Could use a little more humanity
logistical feat
the fanatical excess
flawed support structure
Most of the problems with the film do n't derive from the screenplay , but rather the mediocre performances by most of the actors involved
flattening its momentum with about an hour to go
flee
a retread story , bad writing
a retread story
a retread story , bad writing , and the same old silliness
a retread story , bad writing , and
set the women 's liberation movement back 20 years
settle for
settled for a lugubrious romance
nuclear holocaust
nrelentingly stupid .
an essentially awkward version of the lightweight female empowerment picture we 've been watching for decades
an example to up-and-coming documentarians , of the overlooked pitfalls of such an endeavour
to cash in on the popularity of its stars
of stagy set pieces stacked with binary oppositions
Sorority Boys '' was funnier , and that movie was pretty bad .
hot sake half-sleep
'' White Oleander , '' the movie , is akin to a Reader 's Digest condensed version of the source material .
about death
through the gloomy film noir veil
through recklessness and retaliation
through contrived plot points
through crap like this
bungle their way through the narrative as if it were a series of Bible parables and not an actual story .
burdened by the actor
disoriented but occasionally
disjointed , flaws that have to be laid squarely on Taylor 's doorstep
disjointed ,
disoriented
disjointed
disinterest
a subject you thought would leave you cold . A case in point
as both shallow and dim-witted
projects the same lazy affability as its nominal star , David Arquette
preachy parable
preachy soap opera
Olivier Assayas ' elegantly appointed period drama seems , at times , padded with incident in the way of a too-conscientious adaptation
likely to lose interest before Sandrine
likely to disappear as quickly as an ice cube thrown into a pot of boiling water
The innate
like you 've seen this movie a thousand times before
ruthless in its own placid way
s face is chillingly unemotive , yet
sacrificing the integrity of the opera
in a ferocious debate for years
, more stunts , more stuff in attempt to camouflage its sameness
they will have a showdown , but , by then , your senses are as mushy as peas and you do n't care who fires the winning shot
Even the finest chef ca n't make a hotdog into anything more than a hotdog
Even the finest chef ca n't make a hotdog into anything more than a hotdog ,
There 's a neat twist , subtly rendered , that could have wrapped things up at 80 minutes ,
Even legends like Alfred Hitchcock and John Huston occasionally directed trifles
Even legends like Alfred Hitchcock and John Huston occasionally directed trifles ...
Even on those rare occasions when the narrator stops yammering , Miller 's hand often feels unsure .
Even legends like Alfred Hitchcock and John Huston occasionally directed trifles ... so it 's no surprise to see a world-class filmmaker like Zhang Yimou behind the camera for a yarn that 's ultimately rather inconsequential .
thin soup
as an open can of pop left sitting in the sun
public misperception
mainly unfunny
seemed wasted like DeNiro 's once promising career and the once grand Long Beach boardwalk .
maintaining consciousness just long enough to achieve callow pretension
maintaining consciousness just long enough
nearly meaningless
nearly impossible
nearly every Star Trek movie has gone before
Disappointing in comparison to other recent war movies ... or any other John Woo flick for that matter .
Disjointed
Disjointed parody .
Disturbing .
Do n't say you were n't warned .
Snowball 's cynicism to cut through the sugar coating .
smart to ignore but a little too smugly superior to like
some weird relative trots out the video he took of the family vacation to Stonehenge . Before long , you 're desperate for the evening to end
someone , stop Eric Schaeffer before he makes another film .
somebody might devote time to see it
unlikable , uninteresting , unfunny , and completely
only so much baked cardboard I need to chew
only so much baked cardboard
only prove that ` zany ' does n't necessarily mean ` funny
only one problem
never been a huge fan of Dickens ' 800-page novel
neither as romantic nor as thrilling as it should be .
never fun
This overproduced piece
This overproduced piece of dreck is shockingly bad and absolutely unnecessary .
This overproduced piece of dreck
This off-putting French romantic comedy
This pathetic junk is barely an hour long .
... Cagney 's ` top of the world ' has been replaced by the bottom of the barrel .
back-stabbing , inter-racial desire and , most importantly
back-stabbing , inter-racial desire
back-stabbing , inter-racial
back-stabbing ,
back-stabbing
need messing with
first and
so-inept
so-inept - it 's - surreal dubbing ( featuring the voices of Glenn Close , Regis Philbin and Breckin Meyer )
Dripping with cliche and
so unmemorable
so weak
of the biggest disappointments of the year
Dreary
self-glorification and
Dreary , highly annoying
Dreary , highly annoying ... ` Some Body ' will appeal to No One .
self-glorification and a manipulative whitewash .
by generic scripts that seek to remake Sleepless in Seattle again and again
of teamwork cliches
New Best Friend does not have , beginning with the minor omission of a screenplay
Dripping with cliche and bypassing no opportunity to trivialize the material
Dripping with cliche and bypassing no opportunity to trivialize the material .
value whatsoever
using bad sci-fi as window dressing
vague impressions and a nasty aftertaste but little clear memory of its operational mechanics
puts enough salt into the wounds of the tortured and self-conscious material to make it sting .
makes his big-budget action film debut something of a clunker as he delivers a long , low-heat chase , interrupted by a middling car chase
the movie is more interested in entertaining itself than in amusing us
makes his big-budget action film debut something of a clunker as he delivers a long , low-heat chase , interrupted by a middling car chase .
stoops to cheap manipulation or corny conventions to do it
puts enough salt into the wounds of the tortured and self-conscious material to make it sting
for all the wrong reasons besides .
for any chance of enjoying this film
makes the women look more like stereotypical caretakers and moral teachers , instead of serious athletes
` fatal script error
` dumb
pick up the slack
left on a remote shelf
leers , offering next to little insight into its intriguing subject
leers ,
left us cold
left thinking the only reason to make the movie is because present standards allow for plenty of nudity
left on a remote shelf indefinitely
have turned this into an Argentine retread of '' Iris '' or '' American Beauty
have to worry about being subjected to farts , urine , feces , semen , or any of the other foul substances that have overrun modern-day comedies
of how very bad a motion picture can truly be .
of holes that will be obvious even to those who are n't looking for them
a tragic dimension and
a tragic dimension
a trashy little
A trashy , exploitative , thoroughly unpleasant experience
A trashy , exploitative , thoroughly unpleasant experience .
the case of a pregnant premise being wasted by a script that takes few chances and manages to insult the intelligence of everyone in the audience
the carbon copy scenes from every drug movie
the candy-like taste of it fading faster than 25-cent bubble gum
the cast is so engagingly messing around like Slob City reductions of Damon Runyon crooks
A turgid little history lesson ,
A turgid little history lesson , humourless and dull
A turgid little history lesson , humourless and dull .
hard to whip life into The Importance of Being Earnest that he probably pulled a muscle or two
hard-to-swallow
hard-to-swallow premise
who rambles aimlessly through ill-conceived action pieces
... really horrible drek .
pay money for what we can get on television for free
creepy-crawly bug things
creepy-crawly bug things that live only in the darkness
creepy Egyptian demigod voice
the con
into a warmed over pastiche
possibly the worst film
Rob Schneider , Dana Carvey and Sarah Michelle Gellar in The Philadelphia Story ? David Spade as Citizen Kane
you 'll need a stronger stomach than us .
odd drama
you 'll probably like Rollerball .
spirals downward , and thuds to the bottom of the pool with an utterly incompetent conclusion .
spirals downward , and thuds to the bottom of the pool with an utterly incompetent conclusion
spiteful
The story is bogus and
The story is bogus and its characters tissue-thin
The first mistake , I suspect ,
The story , touching though it is , does not quite have enough emotional resonance or variety of incident to sustain a feature
would require the patience of Job to get through this interminable , shapeless documentary about the swinging subculture .
would want to see Crossroads if they 're not big fans of teen pop kitten Britney Spears
The story is bogus
A mediocre exercise in target demographics
may not be an important movie , or even a good one
may not be particularly innovative
may not look as fully ` rendered ' as Pixar 's industry standard
a slow , deliberate gait
it was so weak
it was so weak ,
it was so weak , and it has been unearthed
it was too overbearing
it was written by teenagers
it wastes all its star power on cliched or meaningless roles .
than losers
than most third-rate horror sequels
most of Jaglom 's self-conscious and gratingly irritating films
has proved important to him and is especially so in the finale .
tired old gags
tired of the whole slo-mo , double-pistoled , ballistic-pyrotechnic Hong Kong action aesthetic
more mindless
sanded down
saddest films
more offensive
're convinced that this Mean Machine was a decent TV outing that just does n't have big screen magic
cheap-looking version
cheap shocks
cheap cliché
as morose as teen pregnancy , rape and suspected murder
`` Far From Heaven ''
its B-movie heritage
unlikable , uninteresting ,
, but it 's a sincere mess
unlikable , uninteresting
, but also soon forgotten
navigates a fast fade into pomposity and pretentiousness
excruciating End
excruciating
Like a pack of dynamite sticks , built for controversy .
Like The Rugrats movies , The Wild Thornberrys Movie does n't offer much more than the series ,
Like The Rugrats movies , The Wild Thornberrys Movie does n't offer much more than the series , but
Like The Rugrats movies , The Wild Thornberrys Movie does n't offer much more than the series
are raw and will strike a nerve with anyone who 's ever had family trauma .
nightmare
nightmarish
no
no doubt the star and everyone else involved had their hearts in the right place . where their heads were is anyone 's guess
no doubt the star and everyone else involved had their hearts in the right place . where their heads were is anyone 's guess .
an unschooled comedy
an unschooled comedy like Stealing Harvard , which fails to keep 80 minutes from seeming like 800
an unrewarding collar
an unusual protagonist ( a kilt-wearing Jackson ) and subject matter
there are too many bona fide groaners among too few laughs
sleepwalk through vulgarities in a sequel you can refuse .
By the time you reach the finale , you 're likely wondering why you 've been watching all this strutting and posturing .
By the time it ends in a rush of sequins , flashbulbs , blaring brass and back-stabbing babes
By the time the surprise ending is revealed , interest can not be revived .
By that measure , it is a failure
As a kind of colorful , dramatized PBS program
As A Rumor of Angels reveals itself to be a sudsy tub of supernatural hokum , not even Ms .
As A Rumor of Angels reveals itself to be a sudsy tub of supernatural hokum , not even Ms . Redgrave 's noblest efforts can redeem it from hopeless sentimentality .
As Tweedy talks about canning his stockbroker and repairing his pool , you yearn for a few airborne TV sets or nude groupies on the nod to liven things up .
mired in juvenile and near-xenophobic pedagogy that it 's enough to make one pine for the day when Godard can no longer handle the rigors of filmmaking
Melanie eventually slugs the Yankee . Too bad the former Murphy Brown does n't pop Reese back .
Men in Black II , '' has all the earmarks of a sequel . The story is less vibrant , the jokes are a little lukewarm ,
Men in Black II , '' has all the earmarks of a sequel . The story is less vibrant
An occasionally funny , but overall limp , fish-out-of-water
misconceived enterprise that only a sophisticated cinephile could have perpetrated
narcissistic
consuming but impossible love that you ca n't help but become more disappointed as each overwrought new sequence plods
consuming but impossible
contains no good jokes , no good scenes , barely a moment when Carvey 's Saturday Night Live-honed mimicry rises above the level of embarrassment
fizzle
An instant candidate for worst movie of the year .
say that after seeing this movie in IMAX form , you 'll be more acquainted with the tiniest details of Tom Hanks ' face than his wife is
says he has to ?
Beyond a handful of mildly amusing lines ... there just is n't much to laugh at .
Bibi 's generic angst
those who ca n't tell the difference between the good , the bad and the ugly
questionable satirical ambivalence
questionable kind
Bartleby squanders as much as it gives out .
Be forewarned , if you 're depressed about anything before watching this film
little action ,
little action , almost
literally bruising jokes . Every five minutes or so
littered with zero-dimensional , unlikable characters and hackneyed , threadbare comic setups .
little action
literally stops on a dime in the tries-so-hard-to-be-cool '' Clockstoppers
littered with zero-dimensional , unlikable characters and hackneyed , threadbare comic setups
cut out figures
formulaic potholes that befall its brethren
will probably be in wedgie heaven .
inconsistencies
uneven film
uneven dialogue and plot lapses
, this movie just goes on and on and on and on
lacks the quick emotional connections of Steven Spielberg 's Schindler 's List
, this movie strives to be more , but does n't quite get there .
its flawed , crazy people
lacks balance ... and fails to put the struggle into meaningful historical context
lacks balance ...
lacks balance
not '' ha ha '' funny , '' dead circus performer '' funny . And for all the wrong reasons besides
nonsensical and formulaic
not a movie make
is distressingly rote
is disappointing
is disappointingly
is disappointingly simplistic -- the film 's biggest problem --
is disposable
is depressing , ruthlessly pained and depraved , the movie equivalent of staring into an open wound .
is derived from a lobotomy , having had all its vital essence scooped out and discarded .
is devoid of wit and humor
is difficult to fathom
cuts corners
cuts corners .
teetering on the edge of sanity
geeky or nerdy thing
a Shakespearean tragedy
make a film in which someone has to be hired to portray Richard Dawson
takes a long time to reach its destination
The impulses that produced this project ... are commendable , but the results are uneven
is a movie that makes it possible for the viewer to doze off for a few minutes or make several runs to the concession stand and\/or restroom and not feel as if he or she has missed anything
the film never recovers from the clumsy cliché of the ugly American abroad , and
when talking to Americans . That 's muy loco , but no more ridiculous than most of
takes a certain kind of horror movie to qualify as ` worse than expected
is a movie that makes it possible for the viewer to doze off for a few minutes or make several runs to the concession stand and\/or restroom and not feel as if he or she has missed anything .
the film never recovers from the clumsy cliché of the ugly American abroad , and the too-frosty exterior Ms. Paltrow employs to authenticate her British persona is another liability
the endless
No
Never mind whether you buy the stuff about Barris being a CIA hit man .
Never
Celebrity cameos do not automatically equal laughs . And neither do cliches , no matter how ` inside ' they are
burnt-out
burnt out on It 's a Wonderful Life marathons and bored
burnt out on It 's a Wonderful Life marathons and bored with A Christmas Carol
burn the negative and the script and
burn the negative and the script and pretend the whole thing never existed
burn the negative and the script
the screenwriter responsible for one of the worst movies of one year directs an equally miserable film the following year
the screenwriter responsible for one of the worst movies of one year
anyone in his right mind would even think to make the attraction a movie
I skipped Country Bears .
than in showing us well-thought stunts or a car chase that we have n't seen 10
wrap things up and send the viewers home
rip off that we were aware of
risks seeming slow and pretentious
I realized that I just did n't care
have made for better drama
have made a great Saturday Night Live sketch , but a great movie it is not
is that knot from dramatic tension or a symptom of artistic malnutrition
is that we did n't get more re-creations of all those famous moments from the show
is that they 're stuck with a script that prevents them from firing on all cylinders
is the kathie lee gifford of film directors
is the needlessly poor quality of its archival prints and film footage
is the kathie lee gifford of film directors , sadly proving once again ego does n't always go hand in hand with talent
few cheap shocks
few ` cool ' actors
The Last Kiss will probably never achieve the popularity of My Big Fat Greek Wedding
all Hollywood fantasies
so that the human story is pushed to one side
they grow up and you can wait till then
so sloppily written
so sloppily written and cast that you can not believe anyone more central to the creation of Bugsy than the caterer
so sloppily written and
so tedious it makes the silly spy vs. spy film The Sum of All Fears , starring Ben Affleck , seem downright Hitchcockian
low-rent -- and even lower-wit
been worse
low-rent -- and even lower-wit --
you 're watching a soap opera rather than a chronicle of the ups and downs that accompany lifelong friendships
all , a condition only the old are privy to
on those rare occasions when the narrator stops yammering
on untuned instruments
of weird performances and direction
of virtually plotless meanderings
offensive
off
grade trash
fun -- but bad -- movie
short on the thrills
is the kind of film that could only be made by African-Americans because of its broad racial insensitivity towards African-Americans .
is the kind of film that could only be made by African-Americans because of its broad racial insensitivity towards African-Americans
is the director 's common but unexplored fascination with the frustrated maniac
is the first film in a long time that made me want to bolt the theater in the first 10 minutes
is the first film in a long time that made me want to bolt the theater in the first 10 minutes .
be put to sleep or bewildered by the artsy and often pointless visuals
shorter than Britney 's cutoffs
An average B-movie with no aspirations to be anything more
An average B-movie with no aspirations to be anything more .
An authentically vague , but ultimately purposeless , study in total
An authentically vague , but ultimately purposeless , study in total pandemonium .
An average B-movie
An average B-movie with no aspirations
An atonal estrogen opera
An atonal estrogen opera that demonizes
An atonal estrogen opera that demonizes feminism while gifting the most sympathetic male of the piece with a nice vomit bath at his wedding .
An authentically vague , but ultimately purposeless , study
Stiff and schmaltzy and clumsily directed .
Still , this thing feels flimsy and ephemeral .
Sticky sweet sentimentality , clumsy plotting and
Sticky sweet sentimentality , clumsy plotting and a rosily myopic view of life in the WWII-era Mississippi Delta
Sticky sweet sentimentality , clumsy plotting and a rosily myopic view of life in the WWII-era Mississippi Delta undermine this adaptation .
Stiff and
Stiff and schmaltzy and clumsily
a renowned filmmaker attempts to show off his talent by surrounding himself with untalented people
of poverty
its own head-banging obviousness
the prime villain
the abysmal Hannibal
a rerun
the pile of Hollywood dreck
the pile of Hollywood dreck that represents nothing more than the art of the deal
the picture refuses to offer much accompanying sustenance in the way of characterization , humor or plain old popcorn fun .
the picture fails to generate much suspense , nor does it ask searching enough questions to justify its pretensions .
the picture strains to become cinematic poetry
of popcorn . Nothing overly original
sordid universe
sordid and
sordid and disgusting . Quelle surprise
soul-stripping
soul-stripping breakdown
's a shame the marvelous first 101 minutes have to be combined with the misconceived final 5 .
's a sincere mess
Burns ' fifth beer-soaked film feels in almost every possible way -- from the writing and direction to the soggy performances -- tossed off .
maintains the same snail 's pace
mainstream audiences will find little of interest in this film , which is often preachy and poorly acted
maintains a dark mood that makes the film seem like something to endure instead of enjoy .
There 's suspension of disbelief and then there 's bad screenwriting ... this film packs a wallop of the latter
There 's suspension of disbelief and then there 's bad screenwriting
so it 's not a brilliant piece of filmmaking
so it 's not a brilliant piece of filmmaking ,
every painful nuance ,
Here , common sense flies out the window , along with the hail of bullets , none of which ever seem to hit Sascha .
Here 's my advice , Kev . Start reading your scripts before signing that dotted line .
Herzog simply runs out of ideas
for people who take as many drugs as the film 's characters
for overstimulated minds
for personality . It does n't really know or care about the characters , and uses them as markers for a series of preordained events
for realizing that you 've spent the past 20 minutes looking at your watch and waiting for Frida to just die already
the so-bad-it
an unusual sci-fi character study to a chase flick that detracts from its ending
an unsympathetic hero caught up in an intricate plot that while cleverly worked out , can not overcome blah characters
an unsettling sight , and indicative of his , if you will , out-of-kilter character , who rambles aimlessly through ill-conceived action pieces
an unsympathetic hero
an unsettling sight , and indicative of his , if you will , out-of-kilter character
an unsettling sight , and indicative of his , if you will , out-of-kilter character ,
an unwieldy mess
the most disappointing Woody Allen movie
the meaning of the word ` quit
is n't quite
potentially forgettable formula
Drowning 's too good for this sucker .
Dull and mechanical ,
Dull and mechanical
Dull and
Dull
Dull and mechanical , kinda
've already seen City by the Sea under a variety of titles
've completely lowered your entertainment standards
needs to pull his head out of his butt
needlessly
need to be invented to describe exactly how bad it is
seen ( Eddie ) Murphy do the genial-rogue shtick to death , but because the plot is equally hackneyed
, you could call this How Martha Got Her Groove Back -- assuming , that is , she ever had one to begin with .
, yet tremendously sad
potentially forgettable
seems twice as long as its 83 minutes
seems twice as long
one experiences Mr. Haneke 's own sadistic tendencies toward his audience
Freaky Friday , '' it 's not .
Freeman ca n't save it
one enjoys a bad slasher flick
deserves credit for bringing audiences into this hard and bitter place .
deserve the gong
deserve the trash that we get
deserve the trash
deserve the trash that we get .
My reaction in a word : disappointment . His last movie was poetically romantic and full of indelible images , but his latest has nothing going for it .
My reaction in a word : disappointment . His last movie was poetically romantic and full
My reaction in a word : disappointment . His last movie was poetically romantic and full of indelible images , but his latest
My reaction in a word : disappointment .
My god , I 'm behaving like an idiot ! '' Yes , you are , Ben Kingsley
My god , I 'm behaving like an idiot ! '' Yes , you are , Ben Kingsley .
of Action Man cliché atop wooden dialogue
when godard can no longer handle the rigors of filmmaking
It sounds like another clever if pointless excursion into the abyss , and
It should be interesting , it should be poignant , it turns out to be affected and boring
It should be interesting , it should be poignant , it turns out to be affected and boring .
It should be doing a lot of things , but does n't .
care too much about this love story . In that setting , their struggle is simply too ludicrous and borderline insulting
careens from dark satire to cartoonish slapstick
unfinished story
unfinished
( but ultimately silly )
collapse
strip it of all its excess debris ,
plays like an extended dialogue exercise in Retard 101 .
Banderas looks like he 's not trying to laugh at how bad
the many inconsistencies
veiling tension
happens that tells you there is no sense .
happened with Pluto Nash ?
happens that tells you there is no sense
of Ghandi gone bad
there done that
unrelated shorts
does n't really know or care about the characters , and uses them as markers for a series of preordained events
unrelated
unrealized
to reduce everything he touches to a shrill , didactic cartoon
does n't want to
being lectured to by tech-geeks
was just a matter of ` eh
plays like Clueless Does South Fork .
to admit I walked out of Runteldat . I did go back and check out the last 10 minutes
If you saw Benigni 's Pinocchio at a public park , you 'd grab your kids and run and then probably call the police .
with no good inside dope , and no particular bite
Will only satisfy those who ca n't tell the difference between the good , the bad and the ugly .
with no aspirations
money-grubbing
monster truck-loving good ol' boys and peroxide blond honeys whose worldly knowledge comes from TV reruns and supermarket tabloids
to overcome the cultural moat surrounding its ludicrous and contrived plot
the grade as tawdry trash
the grease
belittle a cinema classic
belittle a cinema classic .
it 's sort of bogus and
switch to a mix of The Shining , The Thing , and any naked teenagers horror flick from the 1980s
swipe 90 minutes of your time
was produced by Jerry Bruckheimer and directed by Joel Schumacher , and reflects the worst of their shallow styles : wildly overproduced , inadequately motivated every step of the way and demographically targeted to please every one ( and no one ) .
call it classicism or be exasperated by a noticeable lack of pace . Or both
its recycled aspects , implausibility , and sags in pace
sheep
old and scary one
old and
disappointment
disappointing to see one reduce it to an idea that fits in a sampler
disappointing
has the same sledgehammer appeal as Pokemon videos
film to drag on for nearly three hours
It forces you to watch people doing unpleasant things to each other and themselves , and it maintains a cool distance from its material that is deliberately unsettling
be a failure at life ,
has the ability to offend and put off everyone
is a frat boy 's idea of a good time
is a flop with the exception of about six gags that really work
is a film tailor-made for those who when they were in high school would choose the Cliff-Notes over reading a full-length classic
the set design
just happens to be her own worst enemy
most depressing places
most depressing
makes Maryam , in the end , play out with the intellectual and emotional impact of an after-school special .
The very definition of what critics have come to term an `` ambitious failure . ''
ugly , pointless and
a movie as artificial and soulless as The Country Bears
a movie as artificial and soulless
a movie about goodness is not the same thing as a good movie
a movie about a bus wreck that turns into a film wreck
a movie -- visually unattractive , unbearably loud and utterly silly
makes Maryam , in the end , play out with the intellectual and emotional impact of an after-school special
ugly , pointless
words like '' horrible ''
the pandering to a moviegoing audience dominated by young males is all too calculated
ugly ,
this waste of time
this when you can rent a pedigree instead
this world needs less of
this would be a worthy substitute for naughty children 's stockings
this wretched work falls flat in just about every conceivable area .
between religious fundamentalists and their gay relatives .
another clever if pointless excursion
between sucking face and literally sucking face
another director ever making his wife look so bad in a major movie
another example of how Sandler is losing his touch
, Eyre needs to take a good sweat to clarify his cinematic vision before his next creation and remember the lessons of the trickster spider .
was made by and for those folks who collect the serial killer cards and are fascinated by the mere suggestion of serial killers . For the rest of us , sitting through Dahmer 's two hours amounts to little more than punishment .
the film never manages to generate a single threat of suspense
committed dumbness
community-college advertisement
the film itself is ultimately quite unengaging
and unpleasant
Ash Wednesday is essentially devoid of interesting characters or even a halfway intriguing plot .
Ash Wednesday is not Edward Burns ' best film ,
wears
that no wise men will be following after it
of cheesy old Godzilla flicks
is a phlegmatic bore , so tedious it makes the silly spy vs. spy film The Sum of All Fears , starring Ben Affleck , seem downright Hitchcockian .
is a phlegmatic bore , so tedious it makes the silly spy vs. spy film The Sum of All Fears , starring Ben Affleck , seem downright Hitchcockian
is a popcorn film , not a must-own , or even a must-see .
is a popcorn film , not a must-own , or even a must-see
the last time I saw a theater full of people constantly checking their watches
the last time I saw a theater full of people constantly checking their watches was during my SATs .
some cynical creeps
some cynical creeps at revolution studios
into the modern rut of narrative banality
into splatter movies
it might be like trying to eat Brussels sprouts .
'll be taking a risk if you choose to see it
it lacks grandeur and that epic quality often associated with Stevenson 's tale as well as with earlier Disney efforts .
it lacks in outright newness
it looks like Woo 's a P.O.W.
it makes the silly spy vs. spy film The Sum of All Fears , starring Ben Affleck , seem downright Hitchcockian
of watching this film with an audience full of teenagers fixating on its body humour and reinforcement of stereotypes
of very bad Scouse accents
tortured
tortured and unsettling
the tawdry soap opera
this and that -- whatever fills time -- with no unified whole
Director George Hickenlooper has had some success with documentaries , but here his sense of story and his juvenile camera movements smack of a film school undergrad , and his maudlin ending might not have gotten him into film school in the first place
Director George Hickenlooper has had some success with documentaries , but here his sense of story and his juvenile camera movements smack of a film school undergrad , and his maudlin ending might not have gotten him into film school in the first place .
Director Jay Russell stomps in hobnail boots over Natalie Babbitt 's gentle , endearing 1975 children 's novel .
Director Jay Russell weighs down his capricious fairy-tale with heavy sentiment and lightweight meaning .
tell you how tedious ,
tell you how tedious , how resolutely unamusing , how thoroughly unrewarding all of this is , and what a reckless squandering of four fine acting talents
stay with the stage versions , however ,
to pity the ` plain ' girl who becomes a ravishing waif after applying a smear of lip-gloss
well , skip to another review
like it was co-written by Mattel executives and lobbyists for the tinsel industry
like it was produced in 1954
like it was made by some very stoned college students
homogenized and a bit contrived
If it 's not entirely memorable
If Welles was unhappy at the prospect of the human race splitting in two , he probably would n't be too crazy with his great-grandson 's movie splitting up in pretty much the same way .
If The Tuxedo actually were a suit , it would fit Chan like a $ 99 bargain-basement special .
While the performances are often engaging , this loose collection of largely improvised numbers would probably have worked better as a one-hour TV documentary .
not only distanced but distancing
father cliché
he becomes an enemy to his own race .
typical late-twenty-somethings natter on about nothing
typical late-twenty-somethings natter
typical documentary footage which hurts the overall impact of the film
typical problems
look smeary and blurry , to the point of distraction . Then again ,
look smeary and blurry , to the point of distraction . Then again , in a better movie
look so bad in a major movie
look smeary and blurry , to the point of distraction . Then
look smeary and blurry , to the point of distraction . Then again
looked like . Why '' they '' were here and what '' they '' wanted and quite honestly , I did n't care
do n't think that A . C . will help this movie one bit
preachy and
harder and harder to ignore the fact that Hollywood is n't laughing with us , folks . It 's laughing at us
on its fairly ludicrous plot
who seem barely in the same movie
who seem bound and determined to duplicate Bela Lugosi 's now-cliched vampire accent
totally formulaic movie
who starts off promisingly but then proceeds to flop
who stumble into Rules expecting a slice of American Pie hijinks starring the kid from Dawson 's Creek
tosses us a romantic scenario that is just as simplistic as a Hollywood production
hardly seems worth the effort .
of a movie in which a bunch of pompous windbags drone on inanely for two hours
just another teen movie ,
just another teen movie
just another teen movie , which means he can be forgiven for frequently pandering to fans of the gross-out comedy
just another run-of-the-mill Disney sequel intended for the home video market
just another revenge film
just another situation romance
just another silly Hollywood action film , one among a multitude of simple-minded , yahoo-ing death shows
the heroes of horror movies try to avoid
the hastily and amateurishly
all the cliches and the carbon copy scenes from every drug movie
they 're not exactly flattering
they 're clueless and inept
they 're dead on the vine
to be greedy
of a movie : how to get Carvey into as many silly costumes and deliver as many silly voices
the muck
do well to cram earplugs in their ears
do well to cram earplugs
do well to cram earplugs in their ears and put pillowcases over their heads for 87 minutes
do well to cram earplugs in their ears and
strokes the eyeballs while it evaporates like so much crypt mist in the brain
with actorish notations on the margin of acting
that will be seen to better advantage on cable , especially considering its barely
more like a travel-agency video targeted at people who like to ride bikes
more interesting -- and , dare I say , thematically complex -- bowel movements than this long-on-the-shelf , point-and-shoot exercise in gimmicky crime drama
more like a travel-agency video
trash cinema
carries almost no organic intrigue as a government \ \/ Marine\/legal mystery
carries a little too much ai n't - she-cute baggage into her lead role as a troubled and determined homicide cop to quite pull off the heavy stuff .
in a standard plot
in a coma
in a film that does n't merit it
you unfulfilled
disappointment coming
from a bygone era
from a completist 's checklist rather than with a cultist 's passion
have strip-mined the Monty formula mercilessly since 1997
Tok ( Andy Lau ) , a sleek sociopath on the trail
Todd Solondzian satire and callow student film
have some idea of the glum , numb experience of watching O Fantasma
ends by blowing just about everything up
endorses They simply because this movie makes his own look much better by comparison
ends on the protagonist 's death bed and does n't get much livelier in the three hours in between .
ends on the protagonist 's death bed and does n't get much livelier in the three hours in between
ends on the protagonist 's death bed and
the emotional tumult
it 's a pale imitation
uncompelling
disappointingly generic nature
in her most charmless
disaster . A DOA dud from frame one
fully forgotten
fumbles the vital action sequences
fully exploit the comic elements of the premise , making the proceedings more bizarre than actually amusing
a personal low
a persistent theatrical sentiment and a woozy quality to the manner of the storytelling , which undercuts the devastatingly telling impact of utter loss personified in the film 's simple title
in its chicken heart ,
allowed to use the word '' new '' in its title , because there 's not an original character , siuation or joke in the entire movie
almost can
allows , if you wanted to make as anti-Kieslowski a pun as possible . Suffice to say its total promise is left slightly unfulfilled
staggeringly dreadful romance .
staggeringly dreadful romance
to ` difficult ' films
spy i spy at a video store near you
Marivaux 's rhythms , and Mira Sorvino 's limitations as a classical actress
squinting at your watch
even slightly wised-up kids would quickly change the channel
even more unmentionable subjects seem like mere splashing around in the muck
even shallow
even more predictable
even more ludicrous
even more predictable , cliche-ridden
the sorriest and
the sorriest
the sorriest and most sordid of human behavior on the screen , then
other , better films , especially Seven , which director William Malone slavishly copies
at stake , just a twisty double-cross you can smell a mile away
uncharismatically
bluster and cliché
blustery
blustery movie
bluster and
The Christ allegory does n't work because there is no foundation for it
The Chateau has one very funny joke and a few other decent ones , but
The Chateau has one very funny joke and a few other decent ones , but all it amounts to is a mildly funny , sometimes tedious , ultimately insignificant film .
The Chateau has one very funny joke and a few other decent ones , but all it amounts to is a mildly funny , sometimes tedious , ultimately insignificant film
The Chateau ... is less concerned with cultural and political issues than doting on its eccentric characters .
then you 're in for a painful ride .
collections of quirky traits lifted from a screenwriter 's outline and thrown at actors charged with the impossible task of making them jell
collective heart attack
apparently nobody here bothered to check it twice .
appalling as any ` comedy '
anything special , save for a few comic turns ,
thumbs down
the most depressing places
the most resolutely unreligious parents
thumbs down due to the endlessly repetitive scenes of embarrassment
puffery with a sour cliche and
puffery with a sour cliche and heavy doses of mean-spiritedness
puke
puke up
puke up something like ROSE RED
do not automatically equal laughs .
do not automatically equal laughs
do n't want to think too much about what 's going on
do n't seem to have much emotional impact on the characters .
do n't think this movie loves women at all
the skin of a man who has just lost his wife
the stale , standard , connect-the-dots storyline which has become commonplace in movies that explore the seamy underbelly of the criminal world
the stale , standard , connect-the-dots storyline
Mr. Deeds is not really a film as much as it is a loose collection of not-so-funny gags , scattered moments of lazy humor .
spite of clearly evident poverty and hardship
the worst movies of the year
to trivialize the material
new with the old story
like a hazy high that takes too long to shake
like a fragment of an underdone potato
the bottom tier
like a giant commercial for Universal Studios , where much of the action takes place
the bottom of the pool with an utterly incompetent conclusion
is too picture postcard perfect , too neat and new pin-like
is too optimistic a title .
is too picture postcard perfect , too neat and new pin-like ,
is too picture postcard perfect , too neat and new pin-like , too obviously a recreation to resonate .
is too picture postcard perfect , too neat and new pin-like , too obviously a recreation to resonate
is trite
is twice as bestial but half as funny
is a frustrating patchwork : an uneasy marriage of Louis Begley 's source novel ( About Schmidt ) and an old Payne screenplay
funny nor provocative
funny nor provocative -
funny nor provocative - only dull
to tolerate this insipid , brutally clueless film
enact a sort of inter-species parody of a VH1 Behind the Music episode
is a failure .
is a far cry from either the book or the beloved film .
is a dud .
The inhospitability of the land
a crusty treatment of a clever gimmick
enchanting ... terribly episodic and lacking the spark of imagination that might have made it an exhilarating
At its worst the screenplay is callow , but
enacted than what 's been cobbled together onscreen
to an end , along with green 's half-hearted movie career
you feel guilty about ignoring what the filmmakers clearly believe
is the death of self ... this Orgasm ( wo n't be an ) exceedingly memorable one for most people
At its worst the screenplay is callow
At its worst the screenplay is callow ,
to tie up loose ends with more bows than you 'll find on a French poodle
predictable slapstick , ''
Unfortunately , as a writer , Mr. Montias is n't nearly as good to his crew as he is as a director or actor .
Unfortunately , it 's also not very good .
Um ... is n't that the basis for the entire plot ?
Um , no.
Unfortunately , Kapur modernizes A.E.W. Mason 's story to suit the sensibilities of a young American , a decision that plucks `` The Four Feathers '' bare .
Unfaithful ' cheats on itself and retreats to comfortable territory .
pencil-thin story
peeved
film silliness
sci-fi rental shelf
so bloodless
be enjoyed , even on the level that one enjoys a bad slasher flick , primarily because it is dull
be enjoyed , even on the level that one enjoys a bad slasher flick , primarily because it is dull . Yes , dull
be even worse behind the camera than he is in front of it
be even worse behind the camera
be even worse than its title
the payoff is an unschooled comedy like Stealing Harvard , which fails to keep 80 minutes from seeming like 800
another platter of reheated aliens
another self-consciously overwritten
another self-consciously overwritten story about a rag-tag bunch of would-be characters that team up for a ca n't
another self-consciously overwritten story about a rag-tag bunch of would-be characters that team up for a ca n't -
lonely and needy
loneliness and isolation
loneliest dark spots
we are on the backs of our parents
the story 's pathetic
shock humor '' will wear thin on all
the most part a useless movie , even with a great director at the helm
the story 's pathetic and
the auditorium feeling dizzy , confused , and totally disorientated
we a sick society
the stereotypical characters
's a slow study : The action is stilted and the tabloid energy embalmed .
to a new scene , which also appears to be the end
working women -- or at least this working woman -- for whom she shows little understanding
so hyped up that a curious sense of menace informs everything
we `` do n't care about the truth
a florid turn
overproduced as it was in her music
overrides
Bad
B movies
overrides what little we learn along the way about vicarious redemption
loving yet unforgivingly inconsistent
low rent Godfather
a florid , overplotted , Anne Rice rock 'n'
low-budget
we , today , can prevent its tragic waste of life
of the man
of the long list of renegade-cop tales
debases a concept comedy
es francamente aburrido y
What starts off as a potentially incredibly twisting mystery becomes simply a monster chase film .
What ultimately makes Windtalkers a disappointment is the superficial way it deals with its story .
that omnibus tradition called marriage
's a bad action movie
's a Frankenstein-monster of a film that does n't know what it wants to be
merely unwatchable
quite sure what the point is
witless ageism
without the snap-crackle
without the right-on satiric humor
without the benefit of decent acting , writing , and direction
mucking up
a simple misfire
a silent , lumpish cipher
a silly , Nickelodeon-esque kiddie flick
a side dish no one ordered
a shameless '70s blaxploitation shuck-and-jive sitcom
reading lines
reading lines from a TelePrompTer
ready to go to the U . N . and ask permission for a preemptive strike
reactionary ideas about women and a total lack of empathy
read ` seeking anyone with acting ambition but no sense of pride or shame
erase the fact that The Believer feels like a 12-Step Program for the Jewish Nazi
equate obscurity with profundity
at once laughable
at ninety minutes , it drags
a failure of storytelling
a fad that had long since vanished
a fact which , as you watch them clumsily mugging their way through Snow Dogs , seems inconceivable
a dullard
sentimental ooze
sent back to the tailor for some major alterations
sent back
sentimental , hypocritical
an abyss of clichés , depression and bad alternative music
an abyss
an abused , inner-city autistic
an absurd finale of twisted metal
an absurd finale
Sadly
one mind-numbingly lengthy riff
one mind-numbingly lengthy riff on poo and pee jokes
say that this vapid vehicle is downright doltish and uneventful
backstabbing and
say things like '' si , pretty much '' and '' por favor , go home '' when talking to Americans . That 's muy loco , but no more ridiculous than most of the rest of '' Dragonfly
say things like '' si , pretty much '' and '' por favor , go home '' when talking to Americans . That 's muy loco , but no more ridiculous than most of the rest of '' Dragonfly .
say nothing of boring
An infuriating film .
An entire film about researchers quietly reading dusty old letters .
to lend some dignity to a dumb story
be exasperated by a noticeable lack of pace . Or both
The Piano Teacher is not an easy film .
The Piano Teacher , like its title character , is repellantly out of control .
The Pianist lacks the quick emotional connections of Steven Spielberg 's Schindler 's List . But
being the dreary mid-section of the film
being simpleminded
being the ultra-violent gangster wannabe
human darkness
to creepiness
For all its shoot-outs , fistfights , and car chases , this movie is a phlegmatic bore , so tedious it makes the silly spy vs . spy film The Sum of All Fears , starring Ben Affleck , seem downright Hitchcockian .
For all its violence , the movie is remarkably dull with only Caine making much of an impression .
to consider the unthinkable , the unacceptable , the unmentionable
Amélie 's Audrey Tautou with another fabuleux destin -- i.e. , a banal spiritual quest
the story 's inability to create interest
you should avoid this like the dreaded King Brown snake .
Amazingly lame .
Calling this movie brainless would be paying it a compliment
Amazingly dopey
Calling this movie brainless would be paying it a compliment : it 's more like entertainment for trolls
We never truly come to care about the main characters and whether or not they 'll wind up together , and Michele 's spiritual quest is neither amusing nor dramatic enough to sustain interest .
We never truly come to care about the main characters and whether or not they 'll wind up together
We never truly come to care about the main characters and whether or not they 'll wind up together ,
We never truly come to care about the main characters and whether or not they 'll wind up together , and
pretentiousness
pretentious types who want to appear avant-garde
pretentious as the title may be
at either the obviousness of it all or its stupidity or maybe even its inventiveness
you should never , ever , leave a large dog alone with a toddler
loveless hook ups .
loveless
an emotion closer to pity
Mr. Haneke 's own sadistic tendencies
Mr. Haneke 's own sadistic tendencies toward his audience
Due to some script weaknesses and the casting of the director 's brother
Mr. Hartley 's distended pace and foot-dragging rhythms follow
an end , along with green 's half-hearted movie career
racial prejudice in its ugly and diverse forms
racial prejudice in its ugly and diverse forms .
racism
a dreary tract of virtually plotless meanderings
its unsettling prognosis
makes for some glacial pacing early on
makes for some glacial pacing
makes less sense than the Bruckheimeresque American action flicks it emulates
'll bet the video game is a lot more fun than the film
'll bet the video game is a lot more fun than the film .
makes less sense than the Bruckheimeresque American action flicks it emulates .
'll ever see and dissolves into a routine courtroom drama , better suited for a movie titled '' Glory : A Soldier 's Story
'll ever see and dissolves into a routine courtroom drama , better suited for a movie titled '' Glory : A Soldier 's Story .
it too is a bomb .
it traps audiences in a series of relentlessly nasty situations that we would pay a considerable ransom not to be looking at .
it tries to pump life into overworked elements from Eastwood 's Dirty Harry period
it turns out to be affected and boring
it turns the stomach .
it wants to be : an atrociously , mind-numbingly , indescribably bad movie .
car chases for an hour
Talky , artificial and opaque ... an interesting technical exercise
there are lulls
into a gentle waking coma
into a deadly bore
providing a disquiet world
into a mundane '70s disaster flick
provide scant reason to care in this crude '70s throwback .
provide scant reason to care in this crude '70s throwback
conflicting
confusing melange
bland despite the heavy doses of weird performances and direction
confusing on one level or another ,
confusing on one level or another , making Ararat far more demanding than it needs to be
other , better crime movies
so-so animation
so-called satire
other , better films
dormant national grief
down his pint-sized gangsta
're the unnamed , easily substitutable forces that serve as whatever terror the heroes of horror movies try to avoid .
one-sided ,
one-sided , outwardly sexist or
one-sided , outwardly sexist
's 51 times better than this .
running off the limited chemistry created by ralph fiennes and jennifer lopez
loneliness and insecurity
farewell-to-innocence movies
faulty
villeneuve spends too much time wallowing in bibi 's generic angst ( there are a lot of shots of her gazing out windows )
were actually surprising ? When the violence actually shocked ? When the heroes were actually under 40
A sequence of ridiculous shoot
A series of immaculately composed shots of Patch Adams quietly freaking out does not make for much of a movie .
the audacity ,
through horror and hellish conditions
through a prism
through even when the movie does n't
silly humbuggery ...
there is almost nothing in this flat effort that will amuse or entertain them , either .
the movie occasionally threatens to become didactic ,
Report card : Does n't live up to the exalted tagline - there 's definite room for improvement .
's really an exercise in gross romanticization of the delusional personality type
goes entirely unexamined in this startlingly unfunny comedy
goes from being an unusual sci-fi character study to a chase flick that detracts from its ending
goes entirely unexamined in this startlingly unfunny comedy .
goes from being an unusual sci-fi character study to a chase flick that detracts from its ending .
goes off the beaten path , not necessarily for the better
let down by a story that is all too predictable
's surprising about Full Frontal
' is banal in its message and the choice of material to convey it .
' has some visual wit ... but little imagination elsewhere .
The slapstick is labored , and the bigger setpieces flat .
that breaks your heart
of these tragic deaths
juvenile
The somber pacing and lack of dramatic fireworks make Green Dragon seem more like medicine than entertainment .
to dislike it
poetic tragedy
plus the script by Working Girl scribe Kevin Wade is workmanlike in the extreme .
pointless and depressing , even if you
get your money back
point at things that explode into flame
pointlessness
silly -- and gross -- but it 's rarely as moronic as some campus gross-out films .
's rare to see a movie that takes such a speedy swan dive from `` promising '' to `` interesting '' to `` familiar '' before landing squarely on `` stupid '' .
silly -- and gross --
, even on the level that one enjoys a bad slasher flick ,
the movie turns out to be not much more than a shaggy human tale .
, dull .
, dull `` cyber-horror '' flick
, dumbfoundingly , mind-numbingly bad .
, easily substitutable
do n't need to know your Ice-T 's from your Cool-J 's to realize that as far as these shootings are concerned , something is rotten in the state of California
behavior and severe flaws
begins to drag two-thirds through , when the melodramatic aspects start to overtake the comedy
plenty of time to ponder my Thanksgiving to-do list
One of ( Herzog 's ) least inspired
manages to insult the intelligence of everyone in the audience
manages to do virtually everything wrong
simply stupid ,
has a plot full of twists upon knots ... and a nonstop parade of mock-Tarantino scuzbag types that starts out clever but veers into overkill .
`` Solaris '' is a shapeless inconsequential move relying on the viewer to do most of the work .
`` Sorority Boys '' was funnier
simply stupid , irrelevant
Gussied up with so many distracting special effects and visual party tricks that it 's not clear whether we 're supposed to shriek or
Gussied up with so many distracting special effects and visual party tricks that it 's not clear whether we 're supposed to shriek
it would be a lot better if it stuck to Betty Fisher and left out the other stories
the illogic of its characters
as things turn nasty and tragic during the final third of the film
as things turn nasty and tragic during the final third of the film .
as they may , Lawrence unleashes his trademark misogyny -- er , comedy -- like a human volcano or an overflowing septic tank , take your pick
as they poorly rejigger Fatal Attraction into a high school setting
as they may be , the cartoons look almost Shakespearean -- both in depth and breadth -- after watching this digital-effects-heavy , supposed family-friendly comedy .
the self-destructiveness
the self-destructiveness of many young people
the sickly sweet gender normative
the sickly sweet gender normative narrative
the sickly sweet gender
trudge out
sucks
trudge
a lousy script , inept direction , pathetic acting , poorly dubbed dialogue and murky cinematography
I did n't care .
I did go back and check out the last 10 minutes , but these were more repulsive than the first 30 or 40 minutes .
a love story as sanguine
I did go back and check out the last 10 minutes , but these were more repulsive than the first 30 or 40 minutes
Narc is all menace and atmosphere .
I can tell you that there 's no other reason why anyone should bother remembering it .
I could say `` Thank God It 's Friday ''
I could have looked into my future and saw how bad this movie was
is , despite its alleged provocation post-9 \/ 11 , an antique , in the end
is , despite its alleged provocation post-9 \/ 11 , an antique , in the end .
too clunky
than he reasonably should be
is they have a tendency to slip into hokum
as deep as a Petri dish
is the script 's endless assault of embarrassingly ham-fisted sex jokes that reek of a script rewrite designed to garner the film a `` cooler '' PG-13 rating .
is the way it skirts around any scenes that might have required genuine acting from Ms. Spears .
is the way it skirts around any scenes that might have required genuine acting from Ms. Spears
fills me with revulsion
No amount of arty theorizing -- the special effects are ` German-Expressionist , ' according to the press notes -- can render it anything but laughable .
No Such Thing is Hartley 's least accessible screed yet .
No , it 's not nearly as good as any of its influences .
Nijinsky says , ' I know how to suffer ' and if you see this film you 'll know too .
A not-so-Divine Secrets of the Ya-Ya Sisterhood with a hefty helping of Re-Fried Green Tomatoes .
A non-Britney person might survive a screening with little harm done , except maybe for the last 15 minutes , which are as maudlin as any after-school special you can imagine .
A not-so-Divine Secrets
A not-so-Divine Secrets of the Ya-Ya
a film in the tradition of The Graduate quickly switches into something more recyclable than significant
quirky rip-off prison
know we 're not supposed to take it seriously
no way original ,
no solace here , no entertainment value
no solace here , no entertainment value ,
no solace here , no entertainment value , merely a fierce lesson in where filmmaking can take us
no way original
generic , derivative and done to death
generic ,
generic
wildly gruesome
wildcard
An exceptionally dreary and overwrought bit of work , every bit as imperious as Katzenberg 's The Prince of Egypt from 1998 .
An exceptionally dreary and overwrought bit of work
An exceptionally dreary and overwrought bit
An even more predictable , cliche-ridden endeavor than its predecessor .
An excruciating demonstration of the unsalvageability of a movie saddled with an amateurish screenplay .
An excruciating demonstration of the unsalvageability of a movie saddled with an amateurish screenplay
An excruciating demonstration of the unsalvageability
Hollywood Ending is the most disappointing Woody Allen movie ever . He has a great cast and a great idea . But the execution is a flop with the exception of about six gags that really work
make you wish you were at home watching that movie instead of in the theater watching this one
make you feel guilty about ignoring what the filmmakers clearly believe
make you put away the guitar , sell the amp , and apply to medical school
make up for an unfocused screenplay
its shortness disappoints
that hardly distinguish it from the next teen comedy
that harks back to the spare , unchecked heartache of Yasujiro Ozu
that greasy little vidgame pit in the theater lobby
redone by someone who ignored it in favor of old ` juvenile delinquent ' paperbacks with titles like Leather Warriors and Switchblade Sexpot
It is ridiculous , of course
that ends up slapping its target audience in the face by shooting itself in the foot
by trying to distract us with the solution to another
that no matter how fantastic Reign of Fire looked , its story was making no sense at all
ca n't say it 's on par with the first one
ca n't quite conceal that there 's nothing resembling a spine here
of an already obscure demographic
Hollywood Ending just is n't very funny .
nothing interesting in Unfaithful
nothing special
nothing short of a travesty of a transvestite comedy
a giant pile of elephant feces
sometimes it 's difficult to tell who the other actors in the movie are
somewhat defuses this provocative theme by submerging it in a hoary love triangle .
somewhat flawed ,
to save the movie
to rush through the intermediary passages , apparently hoping that the audience will not notice the glaring triteness of the plot device
An inelegant combination of two unrelated shorts that falls far short of the director 's previous work
too cerebral for its own good -- or , at any rate ,
that , really , we 've been here , done that
that , ironically , it becomes everything that the rather clumsy original was railing against
that , having created an unusually vivid set of characters worthy of its strong cast , the film flounders when it comes to giving them something to do
that , however engaging , is insufficiently enlightening and inviting
that , hampered by an undeveloped script , ultimately pulls up lame
overly ambitious to be fully successful
overly familiar
overly melodramatic but
overly familiar scenario
overly melodramatic
Shanghai Ghetto may not be as dramatic as Roman Polanski 's The Pianist , but
mindless action movie
mindless action flick
mind-numbing
mindless , lifeless , meandering , loud , painful , obnoxious
mind-numbingly stilted
mind-numbingly , indescribably bad movie
mind-numbing indifference
to pack raw dough in my ears
the battery on your watch has died
the half-lit , sometimes creepy intimacy of college dorm rooms , a subtlety that makes the silly , over-the-top coda especially disappointing
the handicapped than a nice Belgian waffle
on It 's a Wonderful Life marathons and bored
omitted nor a cliché left unsaid
A Funeral
pleasurable . Something like scrubbing the toilet .
hard for me
's usually a bad sign when directors abandon their scripts and go where the moment takes them
hard , cold effect
the preaching message
Despite lagging near the finish line
Devos
Confessions is n't always coherent
Confessions may not be a straightforward bio
the revelation fails to justify the build-up .
the ridiculousness
It 's as if Solondz had two ideas for two movies , could n't really figure out how to flesh either out , so he just slopped ` em together here
tell almost immediately that Welcome to Collinwood is n't going to jell
about street gangs and turf wars in 1958 Brooklyn -- stale cliches , gratuitous violence , or empty machismo
about starting with a more original story instead of just slapping extreme humor and gross-out gags on top of the same old crap ?
from disappointing
from cheap-shot mediocrity
villainous varmints
villainous
no real reason to see it . Wait for video -- and then do n't rent it
no real reason to see it . Wait for video -- and
through the sugar coating
no real plot , no real conflict , no real point
no real plot ,
no real plot
no real conflict , no real point
no real reason to see it . Wait for video --
no real reason to see it . Wait for video
no real reason to see it .
no real reason to see it
it thumbs down due to the endlessly repetitive scenes of embarrassment
it treats conspiracy as a kind of political blair witch , a monstrous murk that haunts us precisely because it can never be seen
seems based on ugly ideas instead of ugly behavior ,
all the bad things in the world \/
, deeply unsettling experience
, convoluted
, consider taking a child younger than middle school age to this wallow in crude humor .
, cruel as it may sound , he makes Arnold Schwarzenegger look like Spencer Tracy
simultaneously degrades its characters , its stars and its audience .
of Unfaithful
get through this frankly fantastical by-the-numbers B-flick with just a suspension of disbelief . Rather
get to leave the theater
get to the good stuff
you feel like you 've seen this movie a thousand times before
you enjoy really bad movies
you feel like winding up with a kick .
you doze off thirty minutes into the film
whose rap soundtrack was better tended to than the film itself
whose promising , if rather precious , premise is undercut by amateurish execution
whose only saving grace is that it ends by blowing just about everything up
whose only apparent virtue is that he is not quite as unpleasant as some of the people in his life
seems based on ugly ideas instead of ugly behavior , as happiness was
undone by its overly complicated and derivative screenplay , the glacier-paced direction and the stereotypical characters
Although trying to balance self-referential humor and a normal ol' slasher plot seemed like a decent endeavor
Although ... visually striking and slickly staged , it 's also cold , grey , antiseptic and emotionally desiccated .
Although Huppert 's intensity and focus has a raw exhilaration about it , The Piano Teacher is anything but fun .
Although based on a real-life person , John , in the movie , is a rather dull person to be stuck with for two hours .
Although sensitive to a fault , it 's often overwritten , with a surfeit of weighty revelations , flowery dialogue , and nostalgia for the past and roads not taken .
be one of those vanity projects in which a renowned filmmaker attempts to show off his talent by surrounding himself with untalented people
preferred a transfer down the hall to Mr . Holland 's class for the music , or to Robin Williams 's lecture
prefabricated
prefabricated story elements
be on video
Dreary tale of middle-class angst
in Sorority Boys , whose makers apparently believe that women 's clothing can cover up any deficiency in acting , writing or direction
Yes , I have given this movie a rating of zero . But fans of the show should not consider this a diss . Consider it ` perfection . '
Dreary tale
the nightmare
Dull , a road-trip movie that 's surprisingly short of both adventure and song
empty and
Dull ,
Tim Story 's not there yet -
Tim Story 's not there yet
for bathroom breaks
not there yet
not want to hang out with Samantha
, but not all that good
emotionally belittle
emotionally belittle a cinema
This mess of a movie
This mild-mannered farce , directed by one of its writers , John C . Walsh ,
inspire a trip to the video store -- in search of a better movie experience
a coma
where the old adage '' be careful what
How this one escaped the Lifetime network I 'll never know .
screwups
scuzbag
Directed without the expected flair or imagination by Hong Kong master John Woo , Windtalkers airs just about every cliche in the war movie compendium across its indulgent two-hour-and-fifteen-minute length .
Directed without the expected flair or imagination
Dignified CEO 's meet at a rustic retreat and pee against a tree . Can you bear the laughter ?
a $ 40 million version of a game you 're more likely to enjoy on a computer
resorting to camp or parody
turgid
Likely to have decades of life as a classic movie franchise ? Let 's hope not .
so-called real movies
fair with the audience . Are we dealing with dreams , visions or being told what actually happened as if it were the third ending of Clue ?
fails to overcome the film 's manipulative sentimentality and annoying stereotypes .
fairly harmless but ultimately lifeless
difficult for the audience
seems a bit on the skinny side
seems as though it was written for no one , but somehow
Man cliché
Gaping plot holes sink this ` sub ' -
Gaping plot holes sink this ` sub ' - standard thriller and drag audience enthusiasm to crush depth
Gaping plot holes sink this ` sub ' - standard thriller and drag audience enthusiasm to crush depth .
Garth ' has n't progressed as nicely as ` Wayne . '
did n't care for it
did n't invest much into itself either
did n't believe for a moment in these villains or their plot
did n't believe it for a second , despite the best efforts of everyone involved
did n't laugh at the ongoing efforts of Cube , and his skinny buddy Mike Epps , to make like Laurel and Hardy 'n the hood .
did n't laugh at the ongoing efforts of Cube , and his skinny buddy Mike Epps , to make like Laurel and Hardy 'n the hood
Elizabeth Hurley seem graceless and ugly
loses faith in its own viability and succumbs to joyless special-effects excess .
even a little dated
the string of insultingly innocuous
the stupid cliches
nice twists but the ending and some of the back-story is a little tired
is full of unhappy , two-dimensional characters who are anything but compelling
is full of unhappy ,
is full of unhappy , two-dimensional characters who are anything but compelling .
enough of libidinous young city dwellers
comatose ballerinas
comatose
coma-like state
were put to sleep by the movie
velocity represents everything wrong with '' independent film '' as a commodified , sold-out concept on the american filmmaking scene .
what a reckless squandering of four fine acting talents
what a reckless squandering of four fine
swamped by heavy-handed melodrama
gives the lie to many clichés
gives the lie to many clichés and
gives the lie
no rest period , no timeout
no rest period ,
no reason to exist
mostly leaves him shooting blanks
, if irritating ,
Routine
Is '' Ballistic '' worth the price of admission ? Absolutely not . It sucked . Would I see it again ? Please see previous answer .
Is '' Ballistic '' worth the price of admission ? Absolutely not . It sucked . Would I see it again ?
bomb
borderline insulting
nosedive
not all that good .
not amused by the sick sense of humor
not all that good . Bacon keeps things interesting , but do n't go out of your way to pay full price
imbecilic
A singularly off-putting romantic comedy .
is a mess from start to finish .
is a mess from start to finish
This would-be ` James Bond for the Extreme Generation ' pic is one big , dumb action movie . Stress ` dumb . '
is a movie so insecure about its capacity to excite that it churns up not one but two flagrantly fake thunderstorms to underscore the action
is a movie so insecure about its capacity
is a movie so insecure about its capacity to excite that it churns up not one but two flagrantly fake thunderstorms to underscore the action .
to stodgy , soap opera-ish dialogue
to stave off doldrums
to stand out as particularly memorable or even all that funny
to squeeze out some good laughs but not enough to make this silly con job sing
to squeeze too many elements into the film
with a major identity crisis
with a large dose of painkillers
with a hit-to-miss ratio that does n't exactly favour the audience
with a halfhearted twist on its cautionary message : Fatal Attraction = do n't have an affair with a nutjob ; Unfaithful = do n't
with a nice vomit bath at his wedding
star to play second fiddle to the dull effects that allow the suit to come to life
stands still in more ways that one in Clockstoppers , a sci-fi thriller as lazy as it is interminable
stands still in more ways that one in Clockstoppers , a sci-fi thriller as lazy as it is interminable .
her life half-asleep
miserable and
miserable and smug
miscalculates badly by forcing the star to play second fiddle to the dull effects that allow the suit to come to life .
miscalculates badly
miscalculates badly by forcing the star to play second fiddle to the dull effects that allow the suit to come to life
mired in stasis
misanthropic stuff
creepiest conventions
The problem is that Van Wilder does little that is actually funny with the material .
The plot grows thin soon , and you find yourself praying for a quick resolution .
's not a great monster movie
's not a great monster movie .
in a rain coat shopping for cheap porn
in a poorly
in a plot as musty as one of the Golden Eagle 's carpets
in a one-note performance
in a movie this bad
in a movie that is definitely meaningless , vapid and devoid of substance
in a mess of mixed messages , over-blown drama and Bruce Willis
by shoving them into every clichéd white-trash situation imaginable
fizzability
that even Freeman ca n't save it
that even slightly wised-up kids would quickly change the channel
that even he seems embarrassed to be part of
fat
far worse
an astonishingly bad film
an astonishing lack of passion or uniqueness
liability
delivered , yet with a distinctly musty odour , its expiry date long gone
delivers the same old bad trip
According to the script , Grant and Bullock 's characters are made for each other . But you 'd never guess that from the performances .
, and amateurishly
lying
banal bore the preachy Circuit turns out to be
low-tech
as gory or explicit
as if it was made without much thought
we hold dear about cinema , only now it 's begun to split up so that it can do even more damage
The movie ends with outtakes in which most of the characters forget their lines and just utter ` uhhh , ' which is better than most of the writing in the movie .
The movie eventually snaps under the strain of its plot contrivances and its need to reassure .
The movie does n't add anything fresh to the myth .
The movie does n't think much of its characters , its protagonist , or of us .
The movie fails to live up to the sum of its parts .
The movie fails to portray its literarily talented and notorious subject as anything much more than a dirty old man .
rolled down a hill in a trash can ? Do you chuckle at the thought of an ancient librarian whacking a certain part of a man 's body ?
confined
confined and
a mournful undercurrent
more than anything else slight ... Tadpole pulls back from the consequences of its own actions and revelations
an evil , monstrous lunatic
prescribed than recommended -- as visually bland as a dentist 's waiting room , complete with soothing Muzak and a cushion of predictable narrative rhythms
preferring to focus on the humiliation of Martin as he defecates in bed
premisa , pues el resultado es francamente aburrido y
preposterous moments
a scathing indictment
, although in reality they are not enough .
being overstated
, though viewers may be more exhausted than the athletes onscreen
, treachery and murder
you know the picture is in trouble .
emotional car-wreck
the intelligence level of the characters must be low , very low , very very low , for the masquerade to work
speak in glib sentences that could have only come from the pen of a screenwriter
the low-grade cheese standards on which it operates
Bale reduced mainly to batting his sensitive eyelids
a `` SNL '' has-been
a `` SNL '' has-been acting like an 8-year-old channeling Roberto Benigni
tells a moldy-oldie , not-nearly - as-nasty - as-it - thinks-it-is joke
Once the audience figure out what 's being said
Once the 50 year old Benigni appears as the title character , we find ourselves longing for the block of wood to come back .
The movie is amateurish ,
Once the audience figure out what 's being said , the filmmaker 's relative passivity will make it tough for them to really care .
One groan-inducing familiarity begets another .
One long string of cliches
toolbags
toolbags botching a routine assignment in a Western backwater
tend to be cliches whose lives are never fully explored .
for older fans or a silly , Nickelodeon-esque kiddie flick
for one of the worst movies of one year
hard to make the most of a bumper
hardened indie-heads
is beyond playing fair with the audience
intentionally low
intense scrutiny for 104 minutes
Big Trouble remains a loosely tied series of vignettes which only prove that ` zany ' does n't necessarily mean ` funny . '
manipulative sentimentality and annoying stereotypes
manipulative feminist empowerment tale thinly
many bona fide groaners
manufactured to claim street credibility
many bona fide groaners among too few laughs
when one mulls leaving the familiar to traverse uncharted ground
of Mr. Eyre 's uninspired dramatics
The drama was so uninspiring that even a story immersed in love , lust , and sin could n't keep my attention .
The director and her capable cast appear to be caught in a heady whirl of New Age-inspired good intentions , but the spell they cast is n't the least bit mesmerizing
The director has injected self-consciousness into the proceedings at every turn . The results are far more alienating than involving .
to tell us exactly why a romantic relationship between a 15-year-old boy and a 40-year-old woman does n't work
that seems to have no goal and no urgency . It 's just filler
, but slow
that she ca n't see how insufferable the character is
that serves as a muddled and offensive cautionary tale for Hispanic Americans
that shockingly manages to be even worse than its title
cornball sequel
it is more likely to induce sleep than fright .
convert you -- or even keep your eyes open
, but not necessarily with us
anachronistic .
distaste
heavy-handed phoney-feeling sentiment
, there is an unsettled feeling to the film
temper what could 've been an impacting film
temerity to run over two hours
tells us nothing about El Gallo other than what emerges through his music .
temper what could 've been an impacting film .
this romantic\/comedy asks the question how much souvlaki can you take before indigestion sets in
this romantic\/comedy asks the question how much souvlaki can you take before indigestion sets in .
this schlock-filled
this schlock-filled fairy
this schlock-filled fairy tale
that is n't this painfully forced , false and fabricated
've been trying to forget
than sketches ... which leaves any true emotional connection or identification frustratingly out of reach
for completely empty entertainment
under-inspired , overblown enterprise that gives Hollywood sequels a bad name
under-inspired , overblown enterprise
under-inspired
under-10 set
but in Talk to Her , the women are down for the count .
but heck
stuck in a dark pit having a nightmare about bad cinema
's a terrible movie in every regard , and utterly painful to watch
's a terrible movie in every regard , and
damn thing .
's a terrible movie in every regard ,
's a terrible movie in every regard
's a shame that the storyline and its underlying themes ... finally seem so impersonal or even shallow
's a shame that the storyline and its underlying themes ... finally seem so impersonal or even shallow .
cynicism to cut through the sugar coating
The cameo-packed , M : I-2-spoofing title sequence is the funniest 5 minutes to date in this spy comedy franchise ... Then Mike Myers shows up and ruins everything
too many characters and events
too manipulative
too long , too repetitive
too lighthearted
too interested in jerking off in all its Byzantine incarnations to bother pleasuring its audience
too intellectually ambitious
too many clever things
too many characters and events , all intertwined and far too complicated to keep track of
sad , soggy potboiler
the film founders on its lack of empathy for the social milieu - rich New York intelligentsia - and its off
sad , sordid universe
maddeningly
juggle and juxtapose three story lines but fail to come up with one cogent point , unless it 's that life stinks , especially for sensitive married women who really love other women
sad but
that should shame Americans , regardless of whether or not ultimate blame
almost completely dry of humor , verve and fun
almost as much as they love themselves
almost as if it 's an elaborate dare more than a full-blooded film
almost enough chuckles for a three-minute sketch , and
trots out every ghost trick from The Sixth Sense to The Mothman Prophecies
a clashing mother\/daughter relationship
a classic mother\/daughter struggle in recycled paper with a shiny new bow
made every effort to disguise it as an unimaginative screenwriter 's invention
made piece of unwatchable drivel
made almost impossible by events that set the plot in motion
The re - enactments , however fascinating they may be as history , are too crude to serve the work especially well .
a grim , hollow exercise
a grim future
a grim , hollow exercise in flat scares and bad acting
unaccountable direction
creates some effective moments of discomfort for character and viewer alike .
... stale and uninspired .
... something appears to have been lost in the translation this time
... silly humbuggery ...
Wasabi is slight fare indeed , with the entire project having the feel of something tossed off quickly ( like one of Hubert 's punches ) ,
Wasabi is slight fare indeed , with the entire project having the feel of something tossed off quickly ( like one of Hubert 's punches ) , but
Wasabi is slight fare indeed , with the entire project having the feel of something tossed off quickly ( like one of Hubert 's punches ) , but it should go down smoothly enough with popcorn
Waste
Waste of Time
Waste of Time .
94-minute travesty
every major stunt Seagal 's character ... performs is shot from behind , as if it could fool us into thinking that we 're not watching a double
95-minute commercial
the sparse instances of humor
it feels painfully redundant and inauthentic .
it feels more forced than usual .
it feels like unrealized potential
it feels less like bad cinema than like being stuck in a dark pit having a nightmare about bad cinema
it feels accidental
a cesspool
91-minute trailer
a character faced with the possibility that her life is meaningless , vapid and devoid of substance , in a movie that is definitely meaningless , vapid and devoid of substance .
macabre and
believe these jokers are supposed to have pulled off four similar kidnappings before
believe this load of junk
a frustrating patchwork : an uneasy marriage of Louis Begley 's source novel ( About Schmidt ) and
a frustrating patchwork : an uneasy marriage of Louis Begley 's source novel ( About Schmidt ) and an old Payne screenplay
a frustrating patchwork
a frustrating patchwork :
essentially juiceless
essentially ruined -- or
essentially ruined --
essentially ruined -- or , rather
essentially ruined -- or ,
essentially ruined -- or , rather , overpowered
essentially ruined -- or , rather ,
A film centering on a traditional Indian wedding in contemporary New Delhi may not sound like specialized fare
her own worst enemy
her personal descent into post-breakup perdition
Remove Spider-Man the movie from its red herring surroundings and
lighting that emphasizes every line and sag
She lists ingredients , but never mixes and stirs .
raunchy and
raunch
More of the same old garbage
More of the same old garbage Hollywood has been trying to pass off as acceptable teen entertainment for some time now .
More successful at relating history than in creating an emotionally complex , dramatically satisfying heroine
More tiring than anything
dopey
dopey plot
dot com is so rambling and disconnected it never builds any suspense .
their dogmatism , manipulativeness and narrow , fearful view of American life
there was any doubt that Peter O'Fallon did n't have an original bone in his body
domestic tension and unhappiness
dominate a family
domination and destruction
fans of Gosford Park have come to assume is just another day of Brit cinema
beyond the grave '' framework is even remotely new or interesting
beyond the very basic dictums of human decency
beyond-lame
beyond-lame satire
Taylor 's cartoonish performance and the film 's ill-considered notion
Taylor 's cartoonish performance and
Tartakovsky 's team has some freakish powers of visual charm , but the five writers slip into the modern rut of narrative banality .
Tartakovsky 's team has some freakish powers of visual charm , but the five writers slip into the modern rut of narrative banality
Taylor 's cartoonish performance
and relies on predictable plot contrivances
and repetitive
Unfaithful ' cheats on itself and retreats to comfortable territory . Too bad .
that the playwright Craig Lucas explored with infinitely more grace and eloquence in his Prelude to a Kiss
were n't such a clever adaptation of the bard 's tragic play
wretchedly unfunny wannabe
its ultimate demise
makes absolutely no sense
makes a tragic error by going on for too long , trying to mirror every subsequent event in Chinese history : war , revolution , Communism , etc .
makes a tragic error by going on for too long , trying to mirror every subsequent event in Chinese history : war , revolution , Communism , etc
makes a tragic error
makes facile points
makes absolutely no sense . Its underlying mythology is a hodgepodge of inconsistencies that pose the question : Since when did dumb entertainment have to be this dumb ?
makes facile points and engages in the cinematic equivalent of tabloid journalism .
makes facile points and engages in the cinematic equivalent of tabloid journalism
for exploiting the novelty of the `` webcast
dark pit
dark , vaguely disturbing way
you put away the guitar , sell the amp , and apply to medical school
dark to be decipherable
one-joke
the obligatory moments of sentimental ooze
compromise with reality enough to become comparatively sane and healthy
grievous
complicated plotting and banal dialogue
great to knock back a beer with but they 're simply not funny performers
greedy talent agents
great shame
it 's hard to like a film so cold and dead
more . It does n't reach them ,
unlikable ,
unlikable , spiteful idiots
unleashes his trademark misogyny
unleashes his trademark misogyny -- er , comedy --
unless one considers cliched dialogue and perverse escapism a source of high hilarity
unless you want to laugh at it
uninventive
uninvolving storytelling
unlaughable
misogynistic boy
misogynistic piece
miss as far as the comedy goes
miss in the way of story
miss it altogether
miss it altogether , in part because the consciously dumbed-down approach wears thin
miss the quirky amazement that used to come along for an integral part of the ride .
its own action is n't very effective
is an embarrassment , a monotonous , disjointed jumble of borrowed plot points and situations
is an embarrassment , a monotonous , disjointed jumble of borrowed plot points and situations .
is also a troubling interpretation of Ecclesiastes .
is also a troubling interpretation of Ecclesiastes
is an agonizing bore except when the fantastic Kathy Bates turns up
is an arthritic attempt at directing by Callie Khouri
self-indulgent and maddening
inhospitability
generating nightmarish images
irreparably drags the film down .
when it is n't merely offensive
when it is n't incomprehensible
when he should have shaped the story to show us why it 's compelling
is shifty in the manner in which it addresses current terrorism anxieties and sidesteps them at the same time .
is shifty in the manner in which it addresses current terrorism anxieties and sidesteps them at the same time
would work much better as a video installation in a museum , where viewers would be free to leave . Immediately
this is n't even a movie we can enjoy as mild escapism ;
There 's no point of view , no contemporary interpretation of Joan 's prefeminist plight , so we 're left thinking the only reason to make the movie is because present standards allow for plenty of nudity .
's just too bad it does n't have more flashes of insight
Abandons all pretense of creating historical context and waltzes off into a hectic soap about the ups and downs of the heavy breathing between the two artists
of ` should have been a sketch on Saturday Night Live
of a 20-car pileup
to anyone who can locate a genuinely honest moment in their movie
into the sort of heartache everyone
over its seemingly eternal running time to pique your interest , your imagination , your empathy or anything , really , save your disgust and your indifference
legal battle
Trailer park Magnolia : too long , too cutesy , too sure of its own importance , and possessed of that peculiar tension of being too dense & about nothing at all
Toward the end Sum of All Fears morphs into a mundane '70s disaster flick .
best described as lukewarm . Maybe
besides unintentional laughs
benign but forgettable sci-fi
besides glib soullessness
much more like a cartoon in the end
much forced drama in this wildly uneven movie , about a young man 's battle with his inescapable past and uncertain future in a very shapable but largely unfulfilling present
foul substances
that has long passed the point of being fertile
that has worked this hard to achieve this little fun
that has no interest in itself
that he 's a disloyal satyr
that have all but ruined his career
that he fervently scorns , creating a meandering , inarticulate and ultimately disappointing film
for being a clichéd , doddering , misogynistic boy 's club
film that loses sight of its own story .
film that loses sight of its own story
it does n't have the same magical quality as the beginning of the story .
hodgepodge
that the Farrelly Bros. -- Peter and Bobby -- and their brand of screen comedy are wheezing to an end , along with Green 's half-hearted movie career
that the German film industry can not make a delightful comedy centering on food
hokey script
When you resurrect a dead man , Hard Copy should come a-knocking
hokum but
than like the filmed reading of a script in need of polishing
than like a bottom-feeder sequel in the Escape From New York series
Slackers ' jokey approach to college education is disappointingly simplistic -- the film 's biggest problem --
find themselves wishing they could roll over and take a nap
in their cheap , B movie way
in the way the Ivan character accepts the news of his illness so quickly but still finds himself unable to react
like one long , meandering sketch inspired by the works of John Waters and Todd Solondz , rather than a fully developed story
like most rabbits , it seems to lack substance
like one long
thriller junk
through Dahmer 's two hours
thriller junk .
threw medical equipment at a window
hampered by an undeveloped script
hijacks the heat of revolution
the , yes , snail-like pacing
the , yes , snail-like pacing and
the , yes , snail-like pacing and lack of thematic resonance
the , yes , snail-like pacing and lack of thematic resonance make the film more silly than scary , like some sort of Martha Stewart decorating program run amok .
that hinges on the subgenre 's most enabling victim ... and an ebullient affection for industrial-model meat freezers
It 's not like having a real film of Nijinsky
It 's not like having a real film of Nijinsky ,
like a feature-length sitcom replete with stereotypical familial quandaries
like a cold old man going through the motions .
like a cold old man going through the motions
like a badly edited , 91-minute trailer ( and )
like a cheap lawn chair
morphs into a mundane '70s disaster flick
morphs into a mundane '70s disaster flick .
most Hollywood romantic comedies
almost no organic intrigue
almost no organic intrigue as a government \ \/ Marine\/legal mystery
almost no substance
But what saves lives on the freeway does not necessarily make for persuasive viewing .
the death of self ... this Orgasm ( wo n't be an ) exceedingly memorable one for most people
rather like an overlong visit from a large group of your relatives
the dead horse of surprise
the dead horse
the dead horse of surprise as if it were an obligation .
end this flawed , dazzling series with the raising of something other than his own cremaster
end up trying to drown yourself in a lake afterwards
ended up in a movie this bad
easily forgotten
the teeny-bopper set
the teens ' deviant behaviour . Being latently gay and liking to read are hardly enough
a chafing inner loneliness and desperate grandiosity
a negligible work of manipulation , an exploitation piece doing its usual worst to guilt-trip parents
prospective tourists might want to consider a different destination -- some jolly country embroiled in a bloody civil war , perhaps .
You wo n't like Roger , but you will quickly recognize him .
there is n't much about K-19
, you 'll have to wrestle disbelief to the ground and then apply the chloroform-soaked handkerchief .
this film that may not always work
shoplifts shamelessly from farewell-to-innocence movies like The Wanderers and A Bronx Tale
shoplifts shamelessly from farewell-to-innocence movies like The Wanderers and A Bronx Tale without cribbing any of their intelligence
prosthetic makeup by Silly Putty
short of both adventure and song
this too-long , spoofy update of Shakespeare 's Macbeth does n't sustain a high enough level of invention .
this too-long , spoofy update
this too-long , spoofy update of Shakespeare 's Macbeth
this time . The Importance of Being Earnest movie seems to be missing a great deal of the acerbic repartee of the play
uncomfortable class resentment
seems to want both , but succeeds in making neither .
baked cardboard
seems to play on a 10-year delay
seems to remain an unchanged dullard
seems to want both , but succeeds in making neither
it also represents glossy Hollywood at its laziest .
only underscores the fuzzy sentimentality of the movie itself , which feels , as it plods toward the end , less like a movie than like the filmed reading of a script in need of polishing
only underscores the fuzzy sentimentality of the movie itself , which feels , as it plods toward the end , less like a movie than like the filmed reading of a script in need of polishing .
only to Winger fans who have missed her since 1995 's Forget Paris .
does turn out to be a bit of a cheat in the end
None of this is very original , and
None of this is very original , and it is n't particularly funny
None of this is very original , and it is n't particularly funny .
None of this so-called satire has any sting to it , as if Woody is afraid of biting the hand that has finally , to some extent , warmed up to him .
like an extended episode of Touched by an Angel -- a little too much dancing , a few too many weeping scenes --
Adam Sandler 's cartoon about Hanukkah is numbingly bad
Acting , particularly by Tambor , almost makes '' Never Again '' worthwhile , but ( writer\/director ) Schaeffer should follow his titular advice
A rip-off twice removed , modeled after ( Seagal 's ) earlier copycat Under Siege , sometimes referred to as Die Hard on a boat .
A road trip that will get you thinking , ` Are we there yet ?
A rote exercise in both animation and storytelling
A rote exercise in both animation and storytelling .
should have been the be-all-end-all of the modern-office anomie films .
bohemian boorishness
bogus spiritualism
bogs down in rhetoric and cliché .
bogs down in rhetoric and cliché
bogs down in insignificance , saying nothing about Kennedy 's assassination and revealing nothing about the pathology it pretends to investigate .
truly care for its decrepit freaks beyond the promise of a reprieve from their incessant whining
has lost its edge
of media manipulation
of melodramatic musical married to two hours of underdog sports intrigue , if the picture also shares the weaknesses of both genres , more
emblematic of the witless ageism afflicting films
embellishing the misanthropic tale
pudo haber resultado su premisa , pues el resultado es francamente aburrido y
hampered by its predictable plot and paper-thin supporting characters
hampered by Taylor 's cartoonish performance and the film 's ill-considered notion that Hitler 's destiny was shaped by the most random of chances
handheld Blair Witch video-cam footage . Of all the Halloween 's , this is the most visually unappealing
of the worst
of the worst dialogue
of the word -- mindless , lifeless , meandering , loud , painful , obnoxious
of the week blown up for the big screen
of the upper class almost as much as they love themselves
of the unsalvageability
looks like it was produced in 1954 , shelved for 48 years
looks like it was produced in 1954 , shelved for 48 years ,
looks like it was produced in 1954
looks bored
looks like a drag queen
looks like it was produced in 1954 , shelved for 48 years , and repackaged for a 2002 audience
lose their luster
loquacious and dreary piece
loosely tied series
loosely tied
loosely connected characters and plots that never quite gel
loosely connected characters and
loosely connected characters
almost everything about the film is unsettling , from the preposterous hairpiece worn by lai 's villainous father to the endless action sequences .
almost everything about the film is unsettling , from the preposterous hairpiece worn by lai 's villainous father to the endless action sequences
If any of them list this ` credit ' on their resumes in the future , that 'll be much funnier than anything in the film ...
If any of them list this ` credit ' on their resumes in the future
it risks monotony .
is that for the most part , the film is deadly dull .
it requires gargantuan leaps of faith just to watch it
it rarely achieves its best
wheezing to an end , along with Green 's half-hearted movie career
comes through all too painfully in the execution
comes off like a particularly amateurish episode of Bewitched that takes place during Spring Break .
Serviceable at best , slightly less
If it were any more of a turkey
An inelegant combination of two unrelated shorts that falls far short
An inelegant combination
If ever such a dependable concept was botched in execution , this is it .
, mind-numbingly , indescribably bad movie
, meandering , loud , painful , obnoxious
its simplicity puts an exclamation point on the fact that this is n't something to be taken seriously ,
its simplicity puts an exclamation point on the fact that this is n't something to be taken seriously , but it also wrecks any chance of the movie rising above similar fare
The streets , shot by cinematographer Michael Ballhaus , may be as authentic as they are mean , but it is nearly impossible to care about what happens on them .
Serviceable at best , slightly less than serviceable at worst
hated myself in the morning
the wheezing terrorist subplot has n't the stamina for the 100-minute running time , and the protagonists ' bohemian boorishness mars the spirit of good clean fun
abandoned ,
owed to Benigni
overwrought emotion
overwrought comedy\/drama
overwrought Taiwanese soaper
hate myself most mornings .
being trapped at a bad rock concert
88-minute highlight reel
being wasted by a script that takes few chances and manages to insult the intelligence of everyone in the audience
much on Max when he should be filling the screen with this tortured , dull artist and monster-in-the
of pure misogynist evil
sociopaths
pulls back from the consequences of its own actions and revelations
pull out all the stops in nearly every scene , but to diminishing effect .
hampered by a Lifetime-channel kind of plot and a lead actress who is out of her depth
Friel pulls the strings that make Williams sink into melancholia
Fresh and raw like a blown-out vein
ruthlessly pained
rushed to the megaplexes
foul up
think kissinger was a calculating fiend or just a slippery self-promoter
this : you 're never quite sure where self-promotion ends and the truth begins .
this crude
this crude ,
hold no more surprise than yesterday 's weather report
nasty , ugly , pointless and depressing , even if you hate clowns .
hold no more surprise
narcissism and
nasty , ugly , pointless and depressing ,
nasty , ugly , pointless and depressing , even if you hate clowns
nasty ,
Holy mad maniac
hold a candle
There are slow and repetitive parts
short stretched beyond its limits to fill an almost feature-length film .
shot but dull and ankle-deep ` epic .
it actually hurts to watch .
it The Adventures of Direct-to-Video Nash
it turns maddeningly predictable
its abrupt drop
its empty
has long been plundered by similar works featuring the insight and
has less spice than a rat burger
sure which is worse : the poor acting by the ensemble cast , the flat dialogue by Vincent R. Nebrida or the gutless direction by Laurice Guillen
was so uninspiring that even a story immersed in love , lust , and sin could n't keep my attention
Clockstoppers if you have nothing better to do with 94 minutes
Clint Eastwood in the lazy Bloodwork
City by the Sea is the cinematic equivalent of defensive driving :
Clockstoppers if you have nothing better to do with 94 minutes .
by bad writing
there 's no real sense of suspense , and
there 's no real sense of suspense , and none of the plot ` surprises ' are really surprising
there 's no real sense of suspense
there 's no real sense of suspense ,
there 's no discernible feeling beneath the chest hair
an outrageous central gimmick
While certainly more naturalistic than its Australian counterpart , Amari 's film falls short in building the drama of Lilia 's journey .
While Super Troopers is above Academy standards , its quintet of writers could still use some more schooling .
While it 's genuinely cool to hear characters talk about early rap records ( Sugar Hill Gang , etc . ) , the constant referencing of hip-hop arcana can alienate even the savviest audiences .
probably constitutes cruelty to canines
probably because it 's extremely hard to relate to any of the characters
While it is welcome to see a Chinese film depict a homosexual relationship in a mature and frank fashion , Lan Yu never catches dramatic fire .
crush each other
pristine movie neverland
Slackers ' jokey approach to college education is disappointingly simplistic -- the film 's biggest problem -- and there are no unforgettably stupid stunts or uproariously rude lines of dialogue to remember it by
hicks and ponderously mope around trying to strike lightning as captured by their 1970s predecessors
cruel , misanthropic stuff with only weak claims to surrealism and black comedy
The movie is a desperate miscalculation .
'd have a hard time believing it was just coincidence
'd grab your kids and run and then probably call the police .
think it 's in danger of going wrong
crummy
crummy , wannabe-hip crime comedy
, it lacks grandeur and that epic quality often associated with Stevenson 's tale as well as with earlier Disney efforts .
an unsympathetic character and someone
an unsolved murder and an unresolved moral conflict jockey for the spotlight
an unsympathetic character and someone who would not likely be so stupid as to get
The Good Girl is a film in which the talent is undeniable but the results are underwhelming .
The screenplay sabotages the movie 's strengths at almost every juncture . All the characters are stereotypes , and their interaction is numbingly predictable
The screenplay does too much meandering , Norton has to recite bland police procedural details , Fiennes wanders around in an attempt to seem weird and distanced
The screenplay sabotages
The screenplay by James Eric , James Horton and director Peter O'Fallon ... is so pat it makes your teeth hurt .
The screenplay sabotages the movie 's strengths at almost every juncture . All the characters are stereotypes ,
The screenplay sabotages the movie 's strengths at almost every juncture . All the characters are stereotypes , and
The screenplay sabotages the movie 's strengths at almost every juncture .
The screenplay sabotages the movie 's strengths at almost every juncture . All the characters are stereotypes
Woefully pretentious .
been shot
overworked
in crisis
No .
becomes a chore to sit through -- despite some first-rate performances by its lead
, innocuous and unremarkable
You have no affinity for most of the characters .
technical gibberish that will do little to advance the Linux cause
catastrophic collision
hampered by a made-for-TV look , rigid performances and an asinine ` twist ' that brazenly rips off The Sixth Sense
ridiculous , of course
ridiculousness
slightly noxious preciousness
in our increasingly frightening theocracy
is never fun
is not for all tastes
never take off
never takes hold
cine
choking sense
This is not one of the movies you 'd want to watch if you only had a week to live .
never really feel involved with the story , as all of its ideas remain just that : abstract ideas .
never really finds the tonal or thematic glue it needs .
be a bit disjointed
, the cartoons look almost Shakespearean -- both in depth and breadth -- after watching this digital-effects-heavy , supposed family-friendly comedy .
, the black-and-white archival footage of their act showcases pretty mediocre shtick .
, the attention process tends to do a little fleeing of its own .
, the answer is clear : Not easily and , in the end , not well enough
, the air leaks out of the movie , flattening its momentum with about an hour to go .
, the acting is robotically italicized ,
, the Reginald Hudlin comedy relies on toilet humor , ethnic slurs .
Just a string of stale gags ,
Just a string of stale gags , with no good inside dope , and no particular bite
Just a string of stale gags
Just another disjointed
, the characters in Swimfan seem motivated by nothing short of dull , brain-deadening hangover .
, the characters are too simplistic to maintain interest ,
transcends jokester status
Herzog has fallen
Hey Arnold ! is now stretched to barely feature length , with a little more attention paid to the animation
Leave these Flowers unpicked -- they 're dead on the vine
LeBlanc thought , `` Hey , the movie about the baseball-playing monkey was worse . ''
it 's a bargain-basement European pickup .
it 's a bad , embarrassing movie .
it 's a lousy one at that .
Gangster No. 1 drips
a paper bag to wear over his head when he goes out into public , to avoid being recognized as the man who bilked unsuspecting moviegoers
're sandwiched in between the most impossibly dry account of Kahlo 's life imaginable .
're talking about '' Talk to Her
the emphasis on the latter leaves Blue Crush waterlogged
the film settles too easily along the contours of expectation
you believe that the shocking conclusion is too much of a plunge
you are wet in some places
you 've seen the remake first . Many of the effective horror elements are dampened through familiarity , ( yet )
redundancy and unsuccessful
redundancy and
who paid to see it
gory mayhem ''
succumbs to gravity and plummets to earth .
As a director , Eastwood is off his game -- there 's no real sense of suspense , and none of the plot ` surprises ' are really surprising .
As a director , Eastwood is off his game -- there 's no real sense of suspense , and none of the plot ` surprises ' are really surprising
As a director , Eastwood is off his game --
As a director , Eastwood is off his game
As David Letterman and The Onion have proven , the worst of tragedies can be fertile sources of humor , but Lawrence has only a fleeting grasp of how to develop them .
is that there is nothing in it to engage children emotionally .
jell with Sean Penn 's monotone narration
jealousy , betrayal , forgiveness and murder
jealous
redundancy
the usual maudlin
that M . Night Shyamalan 's debut feature sucked up all
that M . Night Shyamalan 's debut feature sucked
Sayles ... once again strands his superb performers in the same old story .
is to ponder how a whole segment of pop-music history has been allowed to get wet , fuzzy and sticky .
is to ponder how a whole segment of pop-music history has been allowed to get wet , fuzzy and sticky
lacks the brawn -- and the brains -- of the 1970s original
is throwing up his hands in surrender , is firing his R&D people , and has decided he will just screen The Master of Disguise 24\/7 .
is throwing up his hands in surrender , is firing his R&D people , and has decided he will just screen The Master of Disguise 24\/7
is throwing up his hands in surrender , is firing his R&D people , and
is throwing up his hands in surrender , is firing his R&D people ,
lacks everything except good intentions
lacks considerable brio
lacks spark , with Csokas particularly unconnected
lacks punch .
lacks punch
A puzzle whose pieces do not fit . Some are fascinating and others are not
Sets animation back 30 years , musicals back 40 years and Judaism back at least 50 .
the stuffiest cinema goers
the living hell
Like most Bond outings in recent years , some of the stunts are so outlandish that they border on being cartoonlike . A heavy reliance on CGI technology is beginning to creep into the series .
Like most Bond outings in recent years , some of the stunts are so outlandish that they border on being cartoonlike .
sometimes murky , always brooding look
is a shaky , uncertain film that nevertheless touches a few raw nerves .
Several uninteresting , unlikeable people
is a slight and uninventive movie
is a smorgasbord of soliloquies about nothing delivered by the former Mr . Drew Barrymore
is a riot . The movie is a dud .
is a semi-throwback , a reminiscence without nostalgia or sentimentality
is a shaky , uncertain film that nevertheless touches a few raw nerves
is a smorgasbord of soliloquies about nothing delivered by the former Mr . Drew Barrymore .
is a step down
Several of Steven Soderbergh 's earlier films were hailed as the works of an artist . Sadly , Full Frontal plays like the work of a dilettante .
just too bratty for sympathy , and as the film grows to its finale
dilutes the potency of otherwise respectable action . Still
just too bratty for sympathy , and as the film
just too bratty for sympathy , and as the film grows
just skip
just skip it
just unlikable .
just when you think it ca n't get any more gay
just so the documentary will be over
just slopped ` em together here
just that it 's so not-at-all-good
cause loads of irreparable damage that years and years of costly analysis could never fix
veered off too far into the Exxon zone
head-banging
he veers into sodden melodrama , punctuated by violins
he went back to school to check out the girls -- his film is a frat boy 's idea of a good time
to which the girls-behaving-badly film has fallen
to whether you can tolerate Leon Barlow . I ca n't
to wear down possible pupils through repetition . It has no affect on the Kurds
the film should be seen as a conversation starter . It 's not an easy one to review .
to work with , sort of like Michael Jackson 's nose
to work as shallow entertainment , not remotely incisive enough to qualify as drama , Monsoon
The film does n't have enough innovation or pizazz to attract teenagers
The film does n't have enough innovation or pizazz to attract teenagers ,
The film contains no good jokes , no good scenes , barely a moment when Carvey 's Saturday Night Live-honed mimicry rises above the level of embarrassment .
The film does n't have enough innovation or pizazz to attract teenagers , and it lacks the novel charm that made Spy Kids a surprising winner with both adults and younger audiences .
The film does n't have enough innovation or pizazz to attract teenagers , and
The film does n't have enough innovation or pizazz to attract teenagers , and it lacks the novel charm that made Spy Kids a surprising winner with both adults and younger audiences
are often hackneyed or just plain crude , calculated to provoke shocked laughter , without following up on a deeper level
are nowhere near gripping enough
are nothing more than part of the scenery
are off almost from the get-go
are nowhere near gripping enough .
an uneven film for the most part
avoided
avoid them in the future
avoid them
avoid the Deconstructionist theorizing of French philosopher Jacques Derrida in college
if a bunch of Allied soldiers went undercover as women in a German factory during World War II ? Um , no . But here 's a movie about it anyway
if disingenuous ,
if Schwentke were fulfilling a gross-out quota for an anticipated audience demographic instead of shaping the material to fit the story
if Solondz had two ideas for two movies , could n't really figure out how to flesh either out
if a bored Cage spent the duration of the film 's shooting schedule waiting to scream
an uneasy blend of Ghost
if even the filmmakers did n't know what kind of movie they were making
if forgettable
an uneasy blend
an undistinguished rhythm of artificial suspense
90 punitive minutes
though many of these guys are less than adorable
though unfortunately all the story gives us is flashing red lights , a rattling noise , and a bump on the head
the point of real interest - -- audience sadism
the point of ridiculousness
the point of real interest - -- audience sadism -- is evaded completely
the poor acting
a volatile combination
they 're stuck with a script that prevents them from firing on all cylinders
takes this never-ending confusion and hatred , puts a human face on it , evokes shame among all who are party to it and
Control-Alt-Delete Simone as quickly
Control-Alt-Delete Simone as quickly as possible
malnutrition
Costner 's warm-milk persona is just as ill-fitting as Shadyac 's perfunctory directing chops
Costner 's warm-milk persona is just as ill-fitting as Shadyac 's perfunctory directing chops ,
brutal form
brutal 90-minute battle sequence
If nothing else , `` Rollerball '' 2002 may go down in cinema history as the only movie ever in which the rest of the cast was outshined by LL Cool J.
If it were any more of a turkey , it would gobble in Dolby Digital stereo .
people in hotel hallways recite poetry in voice-over instead of speaking to each other
people who ca n't come up with legitimate funny
people constantly checking their watches
people far more talented than Ali G
people who enjoy mindless action without the benefit of decent acting , writing , and direction
people who could n't pass an entrance exam
thoroughly awful movie
abandoned their slim hopes and dreams
media manipulation
' ( the cockettes ) provides a window into a subculture hell-bent on expressing itself in every way imaginable
realizing that you 've spent the past 20 minutes looking at your watch
one which can only qualify as a terrible tragedy
really , save your disgust and your indifference
A ` Girls Gone Wild ' video for the boho art-house crowd , The Burning Sensation is n't a definitive counter-cultural document -- its makers are n't removed and inquisitive enough for that .
A bad movie
never know when humor ends and tragedy begins
never existed
Why sit through a crummy , wannabe-hip crime comedy that refers incessantly to old movies , when you could just rent those movies instead , let alone seek out a respectable new one ?
Why would anyone cast the magnificent Jackie Chan in a movie full of stunt doubles and special effects ?
plot lapses
This 10th film in the series looks and feels tired .
This 100-minute movie only has about 25 minutes of decent material .
marred by a willful single-mindedness .
turn down
crude humor and vulgar innuendo
crossing-over mumbo jumbo , manipulative sentimentality , and
crossing-over mumbo jumbo , manipulative sentimentality
to hell
to truly care for its decrepit freaks beyond the promise of a reprieve from their incessant whining
attack of the clones
attack of the clones is a technological exercise that lacks juice and delight
Goodfellas and at least a half dozen other trouble-in-the-ghetto flicks
it seems most likely that Broomfield 's interviewees , or even himself , will not be for much longer
permitting its characters more than two obvious dimensions and repeatedly placing them in contrived , well-worn situations
spaghetti western
Rashomon-for-dipsticks tale .
Rather , you 'll have to wrestle disbelief to the ground and then apply the chloroform-soaked handkerchief .
Rather , pity anyone who sees this mishmash .
Rather less than the sum of its underventilated père-fils confrontations .
Rather less than the sum of its underventilated père-fils confrontations
classism
to wear down possible pupils through repetition
to what is almost certainly going to go down as the worst -- and only -- killer website movie of this or any other year
more like disturbing hallucinations
need to function according to some set of believable and comprehensible impulses , no matter how many drugs they do or how much artistic license Avary employs .
have already been through the corporate stand-up-comedy mill
of an awkward Hitchcockian theme in tact
need the lesson in repugnance .
needed sweeping , dramatic , Hollywood moments to keep us
Gorgeous to look at but insufferably tedious and turgid ... a curiously constricted epic .
Gorgeous to look at but insufferably tedious and turgid
Gorgeous to look at but insufferably tedious and turgid ...
Gorgeous to look at but insufferably tedious and turgid ... a curiously constricted epic
what can be gleaned from this three-hour endurance test built around an hour 's worth of actual material
Like a tone-deaf singer at a benefit concert , John Q. is a bad movie appearing on behalf of a good cause .
Like a marathon runner trying to finish a race , you need a constant influx of liquid just to get through it .
Like Schindler 's List , The Grey Zone attempts to be grandiloquent , but ends up merely pretentious -- in a grisly sort of way .
an American , a choice that upsets the novel 's exquisite balance and shreds the fabric of the film
normally could n't care less
lightweight meaning
is your typical ` fish out of water ' story .
lightweight female empowerment
lightweight , uneven action comedy
unable
It 's not a particularly good film , but neither is it a monsterous one
It 's not a particularly good film , but
It 's not a bad plot ; but , unfortunately , the movie is nowhere near as refined as all the classic dramas it borrows from
It 's not a particularly good film ,
It 's not a particularly good film
It 's not original enough .
It 's not helpful to listen to extremist name-calling , regardless of whether you think Kissinger was a calculating fiend or just a slippery self-promoter .
act in ways that real people would n't
than an unfunny movie that thinks it 's hilarious
is lacking
is less successful on other levels
Once the downward spiral comes to pass , Auto Focus bears out as your typical junkie opera ...
Highly irritating at first
to slip into hokum . A Rumor of Angels does n't just slip
is never as daft as it should have been .
cast , but never quite gets off the ground
where story is almost an afterthought
is so convinced of its own brilliance that , if it were a person , you 'd want to smash its face in
is so busy making reference to other films and trying to be other films that it fails to have a heart , mind or humor of its own .
is so clumsily sentimental
is so busy making reference to other films and trying to be other films
is so busy making reference to other films and trying to be other films that it fails to have a heart , mind or humor of its own
is so clumsily sentimental and ineptly directed it may leave you speaking in tongues
is so clumsily sentimental and ineptly directed it may leave you speaking in tongues .
is so clumsily sentimental and ineptly
if you expect light romantic comedy , good gosh ,
if your taste runs to ` difficult ' films
if your taste runs to ` difficult ' films you absolutely
wish you had n't seen
veered off too far into the Exxon zone , and
the picture fails to generate much suspense
wears its B-movie heritage
As shaky as the plot is
As if to prove a female director can make a movie with no soft edges , Kathryn Bigelow offers no sugar-coating or interludes of lightness . Her film is unrelentingly claustrophobic and unpleasant .
sluggish pace and lack
slurs
know what 's coming
know subtle characterization if it put on a giant furry monster costume and then gave them a lapdance
know subtle characterization
know how to suffer ' and if you see this film you 'll know too
know how to suffer ' and if you see this film you 'll know too .
but true fans of the Stevenson 's novel will likely prefer Disney 's more faithful 1950 live-action swashbuckling classic .
in Schaeffer 's quiver of ineptitudes
frustrating to see these guys
frustrating
fuels the self-destructiveness of many young people
Shame on writer\/director Vicente Aranda for making a florid biopic about mad queens , obsessive relationships , and rampant adultery so dull
furiously
Shame on writer\/director Vicente Aranda
's fairly lame , making it par for the course for Disney sequels
's fairly lame , making it par for the course for Disney sequels .
's far too tragic
Shame
's far too fleeting to squander on offal like this .
's far too sentimental
's film ' in the worst sense of the expression
are far more alienating than involving
are far more alienating than involving .
to remain an unchanged dullard
to recovering from its demented premise
to recycle images and characters that were already tired 10 years ago
Lanie 's professional success means she must be a failure at life , because she 's driven by ambition and Does n't Know How to Have Fun .
Large budget notwithstanding , the movie is such a blip on the year 's radar screen that it 's tempting just to go with it for the ride . But this time , the old MIB label stands for Milder Is n't Better .
Would 've been nice if the screenwriters had trusted audiences to understand a complex story , and left off the film 's predictable denouement .
raging hormones and sledgehammers the audience with Spanish inquisitions about her `` madness ''
starting with a more original story instead of just slapping extreme humor and gross-out gags on top of the same old crap
bad prose
very ugly
to do his or her own Hamlet . For Benigni it was n't Shakespeare whom he wanted to define his career with but Pinocchio . It might as well have been Problem Child IV
There may have been a good film in '' Trouble Every Day , '' but it is not what is on the screen .
There may have been a good film in '' Trouble Every Day , '' but it is not what is on the screen
There must be an audience that enjoys the Friday series , but I would n't be interested in knowing any of them personally
The Master of Disguise falls under the category of ` should have been a sketch on Saturday Night Live . '
The Master of Disguise may have made a great Saturday Night Live sketch , but a great movie it is not .
The Master of Disguise is awful . It 's Pauly Shore awful . Do n't say you were n't warned .
The Merchant-Ivory team continues to systematically destroy everything we hold dear about cinema , only now it 's begun to split up so that it can do even more damage .
The Mothman Prophecies , which is mostly a bore ,
The Mothman Prophecies , which is mostly a bore
lower depths
smug and cartoonish
awkwardly paced
awkward and indigestible
awfulness
awfulness of its script
awkward silence
awkward structure
awkward and indigestible movie
awkward interplay and utter lack
like a wet stick of dynamite at the very end
like a wet stick of dynamite at the very end .
A shambles of a movie -- visually unattractive , unbearably loud and utterly silly ... its hilarity is completely unintentional .
to do too many things in this story about ethics , payola , vice , murder , kids ' TV and revenge
drunken driver
dry of humor , verve and fun
dry the undead action flick formula
drying out
A sermonizing and lifeless paean to teenage dullards .
, freshened up by the dunce of a Screenwriting 101 class ... Designed to provide a mix of smiles and tears , '' Crossroads '' instead provokes a handful of unintentional howlers and numerous yawns .
, get ready to take off ... the other direction .
Somehow we 're meant to buy that this doting mother would shun her kids , travel to one of the most dangerous parts of the world , don fatigues and become G . I . Jane .
Someone crosses Arnie . Arnie blows things up
Little Nicky .
If I could have looked into my future and saw how bad this movie was
If I could have looked into my future and saw how bad this movie was , I would go back and choose to skip it .
Idiotic and ugly .
exciting to watch as two last-place basketball
excitement in manufactured high drama
a potentially trite and overused concept ( aliens come to Earth )
a potentially trite and overused concept
The film flat lines when it should peak and is more missed opportunity and trifle than dark , decadent truffle .
The film flat lines
The film flat lines when it should peak and is more
expected from any movie with a '' 2 '' at the end of its title
Woody Allen can write and deliver a one liner as well as anybody . But I had a lot of problems with this movie .
Woody Allen has really found his groove these days . The problem is that it is one that allows him to churn out one mediocre movie after another .
The Isle is both preposterous and thoroughly misogynistic
Hollywood sellouts
turns his character into what is basically an anti-Harry Potter --
two signs that M. Night Shyamalan 's debut feature sucked up all he has to give to the mystic genres of cinema
A silly , self-indulgent film about a silly , self-indulgent filmmaker
snail-like pacing
think it ca n't get any more gay , in pops Nathan Lane
ripe the film ca n't help but go soft and stinky
So lazy and slipshod it confuses the mere flashing of kinky soft-core imagery with naughty fun .
stifling a yawn or two
flick that scalds like acid .
flick that scalds like acid
flabbergasting principals
flawed and
flawed ,
flawed and delayed
that the rampantly designed Equilibrium becomes a concept doofus
that the rest is n't more compelling
there surrender $ 9
It takes a certain kind of horror movie to qualify as ` worse than expected , ' but Ghost Ship somehow manages to do exactly that
It takes a certain kind of horror movie to qualify as ` worse than expected , ' but Ghost Ship somehow manages to do exactly that .
It takes a certain kind of horror movie to qualify as ` worse than expected
It takes a certain kind of horror movie to qualify as ` worse than expected ,
It takes a certain kind of horror movie to qualify as ` worse than expected , '
It takes a certain kind of horror movie to qualify as ` worse than expected , ' but
It showcases Carvey 's talent for voices , but not nearly enough and not without taxing every drop of one 's patience to get to the good stuff .
It smacks of purely commercial motivation , with no great love for the original .
It sticks rigidly to the paradigm , rarely permitting its characters more than two obvious dimensions and repeatedly placing them in contrived , well-worn situations .
waydowntown may not be an important movie , or even a good one
waydowntown may not be an important movie , or even a good one ,
wayward
a satisfying kids flck becomes increasingly implausible as it races through contrived plot points
the '' soon-to-be-forgettable '' section of the quirky rip-off prison romp pile
that you wo n't care
is as deep as a Petri dish and as well-characterized as a telephone book
It 's a terrible movie in every regard , and utterly painful to watch .
is slow to those of us in middle age
in milking a played-out idea -- a straight guy has to dress up in drag -- that shockingly manages to be even worse than its title
inexcusable
inexcusable dumb
with his inescapable past and uncertain future in a very shapable but largely unfulfilling present
up not one but two flagrantly fake thunderstorms
its sparse dialogue
is just SOOOOO tired .
is just SOOOOO tired
is just too clichéd and too often strains credulity
is just lazy writing .
is just lazy writing
is left slightly unfulfilled .
make several runs to the concession stand and\/or restroom
make several runs to the concession stand and\/or restroom and
make several runs to the concession stand and\/or restroom and not
make underneath such a mountain of clichés and borrowed images
unveil it until the end , after endless scenes of him wheedling reluctant witnesses and pointing his camera through the smeared windshield of his rental car
one truth ( the Ford administration 's complicity in tearing ` orphans ' from their mothers
is significantly less charming than listening to a four-year-old with a taste for exaggeration
me want to pack raw dough in my ears
me realize that we really have n't had a good cheesy B-movie playing in theaters since ... well ... since last week 's Reign of Fire
mayhem and stupidity
The bland outweighs the nifty , and
The bland outweighs the nifty , and Cletis Tout never becomes the clever crime comedy it thinks it is
The bland outweighs the nifty ,
more racist portraits
more salacious telenovela than serious drama
more ridiculous
more shots of children smiling for the camera than typical documentary footage which hurts the overall impact of the film
me cold and wet like I was out in the Seattle drizzle without rainwear
sentiment and withholds delivery
the crux of the mystery hinges on a technicality that strains credulity and leaves the viewer haunted by the waste of potential
me feel unclean
A pure participatory event that malnourished intellectuals
is a frustrating patchwork : an uneasy marriage of Louis Begley 's source novel ( About Schmidt ) and an old Payne screenplay .
If you collected all the moments of coherent dialogue , they still would n't add up to the time required to boil a four - minute egg .
put down
The actors do n't inhabit their roles
feel like they 've been patched in from an episode of miami vice
feel that you never want to see another car chase , explosion or gunfight again
strolls through this mess with a smug grin , inexplicably wearing a kilt and carrying a bag of golf clubs over one shoulder .
strolls through this mess with a smug grin , inexplicably wearing a kilt and carrying a bag of golf clubs over one shoulder
`` Sorority Boys '' was funnier ,
the class warfare
`` Sorority Boys '' was funnier , and that movie was pretty bad .
ugliest movie of the year
`` Sorority Boys '' was funnier , and that movie was pretty bad
think that sequels can never capture the magic of the original
i 'm afraid you wo n't get through this frankly fantastical by-the-numbers b-flick with just a suspension of disbelief . rather , you
i 'm afraid you wo n't get through this frankly fantastical by-the-numbers b-flick with just a suspension of disbelief . rather , you 'll have to wrestle disbelief to the ground and then apply the chloroform-soaked handkerchief
i 'm afraid you wo n't get through this frankly fantastical by-the-numbers b-flick with just a suspension of disbelief . rather , you 'll have to wrestle disbelief to the ground and then apply the chloroform-soaked handkerchief .
i 'm afraid you wo n't get through this frankly fantastical by-the-numbers b-flick with just a suspension of disbelief . rather ,
i 'm all for the mentally challenged getting their fair shot in the movie business ,
i 'm all for the mentally challenged getting their fair shot in the movie business , but
undone by the sogginess of its contemporary characters , and actors
trying to forget
trying to light a fire with soggy leaves
is a just a waste
is a just a waste .
is a loose collection of not-so-funny gags , scattered moments of lazy humor
is a lumbering , wheezy drag ...
The actors do n't inhabit their roles -- they 're trapped by them , forced to change behavior in bizarre unjustified fashion and spout dialog that consists mostly of platitudes
from a bad case of arrested development
prove too convoluted for fun-seeking summer audiences
next week , why bother with a contemptible imitator starring a `` SNL '' has-been acting like an 8-year-old channeling Roberto Benigni ?
not as outrageous or funny
not being able to enjoy a mindless action movie
not enough of interest onscreen
succeed at cheapening it
substitutable
of its execution
preachy or
dominated by cold , loud special-effects-laden extravaganzas
for most of the film it is hard to tell who is chasing who or why
for no one
As for children , they wo n't enjoy the movie at all .
a late-inning twist that just does n't make sense
a large group of your relatives
a large dose of painkillers
stale the material
time-wasting
be mindless without being the peak of all things insipid
be madcap farce
directed and suffers from the addition of a wholly unnecessary pre-credit sequence designed to give some of the characters a ` back story
directed action sequences and some of the worst dialogue in recent memory .
directed action sequences and some of the worst dialogue in recent memory
directed action sequences and some of the worst dialogue
directed , barely , by There
directed , barely ,
directed , barely
flaws
find it migraine-inducing , despite moore 's attempts at whimsy and spoon feeding
's painful to watch witherspoon 's talents wasting away inside unnecessary films like legally blonde and sweet home abomination , i mean , alabama
77 minutes of Pokemon may not last 4ever , it just seems like it does .
79-minute after-school `` cartoon ''
88-minute rip-off
found writer-director Mitch Davis 's wall of kitsch hard going
found writer-director Mitch Davis 's wall of kitsch hard going .
found it slow , predictable and not very amusing
found it slow , predictable and not very amusing .
expands the horizons of boredom to the point of collapse , turning into a black hole of dullness , from which no interesting concept can escape .
expands the horizons of boredom to the point of collapse , turning into a black hole of dullness , from which no interesting concept can escape
a bad improvisation exercise ,
a bad improvisation exercise , the superficially written characters ramble on tediously about their lives , loves and the art
a bad name
a bad plot
a bad taste in your mouth and questions
a bad-movie way
a balding 50-year-old actor playing an innocent boy carved from a log
slopped
slippery footing
slippery self-promoter
slimed
slimed in the name of High Art
A ` Girls Gone Wild ' video for the boho art-house crowd , The Burning Sensation is n't a definitive counter-cultural document -- its makers are n't removed and inquisitive enough for that
should you buy the movie milk when the TV cow is free
should stick to his day job
should pay money for what we can get on television for free
should stick to his day job .
Never Again ''
Never does `` Lilo & Stitch '' reach the emotion or timelessness of Disney 's great past , or even that of more recent successes such as `` Mulan '' or `` Tarzan . ''
Nelson 's intentions are good , but the end result does no justice to the story itself
Nemesis meekly goes where nearly every Star Trek movie has gone before .
to give you brain strain
the princess seem smug and cartoonish
If you do n't
that already-shallow
imitation
of a movie -- visually unattractive , unbearably loud and utterly silly
that aims for poetry and ends up sounding like satire
could have used a little trimming
they ca n't distract from the flawed support structure holding Equilibrium up
trapped by them , forced to change behavior in bizarre unjustified fashion and spout dialog that consists mostly of platitudes
breaks its little neck trying to perform entertaining tricks
visually drab for its own good
's not much more to this adaptation of the Nick Hornby novel
visually unattractive
visually unattractive ,
breaks no new ground and
breaks no new ground and treads old turf like a hippopotamus ballerina
visually dank
confining
confined and dark spaces
It collapses when Mr. Taylor tries to shift the tone to a thriller 's rush .
It can not be enjoyed , even on the level that one enjoys a bad slasher flick , primarily because it is dull .
's nothing fresh about Wannabes , which was written by Mr . DeMeo
It ca n't escape its past , and
It ca n't escape its past , and it does n't want to
doing last year 's taxes with your ex-wife .
doing something else far more pleasurable
flounders under the weight of too many story lines
flog the dead horse of surprise as if it were an obligation .
, John Q. is a bad movie appearing on behalf of a good cause .
, Kilmer seems to be posing , rather than acting .
will no doubt rally to its cause , trotting out threadbare standbys like ` masterpiece ' and ` triumph ' and all that malarkey , but rarely does an established filmmaker so ardently waste viewers ' time with a gobbler like this
's enough to make one pine for the day when Godard can no longer handle the rigors of filmmaking
's everything you do n't go to the movies for
's everything you do n't go to the movies for .
's extreme , all right . Extremely dumb . Extremely confusing . Extremely boring
's extreme , all right . Extremely dumb . Extremely confusing . Extremely boring .
, at times , preposterous )
discourages
the audience was put through torture for an hour and a half
blatantly biased
has cheapened the artistry of making a film
has chosen to make his English-language debut with a film
has dreamed up such blatant and sickening product placement in a movie
has dreamed up such blatant and sickening product placement in a movie .
of a plot and jokes done too often by people far more talented than Ali G
lacks all
lacks all trace of wit
's not enough here
lackluster , unessential sequel
you 'll wait in vain for a movie to happen .
you 'll leave the theater wondering why these people mattered
you 'll swear that you 've seen it all before , even if you 've never come within a mile of The Longest Yard .
you 'll be wistful for the testosterone-charged wizardry of Jerry Bruckheimer productions , especially because Half Past Dead is like The Rock on a Wal-Mart budget .
wrong places
you 're convinced that this Mean Machine was a decent TV outing that just does n't have big screen magic .
turn the legendary wit 's classic mistaken identity farce into brutally labored and unfunny hokum
stinks so badly of hard-sell image-mongering you
stinky
stilted and unconvincing
stinks so badly of hard-sell image-mongering
still would n't add up to the time required to boil a four - minute egg .
trashy , exploitative , thoroughly unpleasant
hi ''
hidden-agenda drama
the too-frosty exterior
uses a totally unnecessary prologue ,
uses quick-cuts , ( very ) large shadows and wide-angle shots taken from a distance to hide the liberal use of a body double ( for Seagal )
uses quick-cuts , ( very ) large shadows and wide-angle shots taken from a distance to hide the liberal use of a body double ( for Seagal ) .
is in the end an honorable , interesting failure
is in the end an honorable , interesting failure .
Skin Of Man gets a few cheap shocks from its kids-in-peril theatrics , but
Smokers Only
defined , that every other character seems overlooked
into a pious , preachy soap opera
into a laugh-free lecture
into a terribly obvious melodrama and rough-hewn vanity project for lead actress Andie MacDowell
is no solace here , no entertainment value , merely a fierce lesson in where filmmaking can take us
Skip the film
is no substitute for on-screen chemistry
would 've been a far better title .
chaotic
that one in Clockstoppers , a sci-fi thriller as lazy as it is interminable
of an overripe episode of TV 's Dawson 's Creek and a recycled and dumbed-down version of Love Story
of any film more challenging or depressing
of anyone who has reached puberty actually finding the characters in Slackers or their antics amusing , let alone funny
scrap
screeching-metal
Absorbing and disturbing -- perhaps more disturbing than originally intended -- but a little clarity would have gone a long way .
one-sided , outwardly sexist or mean-spirited
There 's a disreputable air about the whole thing ,
we just ca n't get no satisfaction
-- however canned --
have to admit I walked out of Runteldat . I did go back and check out the last 10 minutes
their children or a disturbing story about sociopaths and their marks
the flaws
It 's mildly amusing , but I certainly ca n't recommend it .
A dreadful day in Irish history
A dreadful day
A farce of a parody of a comedy of a premise
A farce
finds itself in reduced circumstances
finds no way to entertain or inspire its viewers
finds a way to make J . K . Rowling 's marvelous series into a deadly bore
rolled down a hill in a trash can
that one enjoys a bad slasher
that one would have to be mighty bored to even think of staying with this for more than , say , ten ... make that three minutes
that perfectly illustrates the picture 's moral schizophrenia
plummets
we do n't demand a standard of quality for the art that we choose
casting call
casting Shatner as a legendary professor and Kunis as a brilliant college student -- where 's Pauly Shore as the rocket scientist ?
castrated
you give a filmmaker an unlimited amount of phony blood
while his characters are acting horribly
have a way of plying into your subconscious like the nightmare you had a week ago that wo n't go away
on his creepy explorations
is not really a film as much as it is a loose collection of not-so-funny gags , scattered moments of lazy humor .
is not really a film as much as it is a loose collection of not-so-funny gags , scattered moments of lazy humor
is not that it 's all derivative , because plenty of funny movies recycle old tropes .
is not the first time that director Sara Sugarman stoops to having characters drop their pants for laughs and not the last time
its unadorned view
its unintentional parallels might inadvertently evoke memories and emotions which are anything but humorous .
its utterly misplaced earnestness
exudes none of the charm or charisma that might keep a more general audience even vaguely interested in his bratty character
exudes none of the charm or charisma that might keep a more general audience even vaguely interested in his bratty character .
too self-important and plodding
too serious
too self-conscious
too random and inconclusive
too repetitive
too predictable and too self-conscious
a vampire soap opera that does n't make much
who die hideously
this films lacks the passion required to sell the material .
this fourth animated movie in four years wo n't convert you -- or even keep your eyes open .
wo n't like Roger
wo n't rock any boats
to the otherwise bleak tale
are required to balance all the formulaic equations in the long-winded heist comedy Who Is Cletis Tout ?
with action confined to slo-mo gun firing and random glass-shattering
together with the contrivances and overwrought emotion of soap
looks and plays like a $ 40 million version of a game you 're more likely to enjoy on a computer
looking for a return ticket to realism
looking for a return ticket
look as if it were being shown on the projection television screen of a sports bar
end it all by stuffing himself into an electric pencil sharpener
For most movies , 84 minutes is short , but
For most movies , 84 minutes is short ,
For each chuckle there are at least 10 complete misses , many coming from the amazingly lifelike Tara Reid , whose acting skills are comparable to a cardboard cutout .
For close to two hours the audience is forced to endure three terminally depressed , mostly inarticulate , hyper dysfunctional families for the price of one .
For most movies , 84 minutes is short
For me , this opera is n't a favorite
who is in complete denial about his obsessive behavior
together frustrating difficult
all the loss
all the heart of a porno flick ( but none of the sheer lust )
all the lyricism of a limerick scrawled in a public restroom
to flat characters
to fuse at least three dull plots into one good one
Lilia 's transformation from strict mother to sensual siren is superficially preposterous ,
little-remembered
was done better in Wilder 's Some Like It Hot is like saying the sun rises in the east
some things are immune to the folly of changing taste and attitude . For
be like trying to eat Brussels sprouts
Well , it probably wo n't have you swinging from the trees hooting it 's praises , but
Well , it probably wo n't have you swinging from the trees hooting it 's praises ,
Well , it probably wo n't have you swinging from the trees hooting it 's praises
Well , in some of those , the mother deer even dies .
Weird .
, this could be a movie that ends up slapping its target audience in the face by shooting itself in the foot .
, this is likely to cause massive cardiac arrest if taken in large doses .
In the second half of the film , Frei 's control loosens in direct proportion to the amount of screen time he gives Nachtwey for self-analysis .
In the end , White Oleander is n't an adaptation of a novel . It 's a flashy , star-splashed reduction .
In the end , Ted Bundy 's only justification is the director 's common but unexplored fascination with the frustrated maniac ; there 's no larger point , and little social context
In the process of trimming the movie to an expeditious 84 minutes , director Roger Kumble seems to have dumped a whole lot of plot in favor of ... outrageous gags .
In the end , we are left with something like two ships passing in the night rather than any insights into gay love , Chinese society or the price one pays for being dishonest .
In the end , the movie collapses on its shaky foundation despite the best efforts of director Joe Carnahan .
relationship maintenance that celibacy can start looking good
rejigger Fatal Attraction into a high school setting
go wrong
when she obviously belongs in something lighter and sunnier
glum
glum , numb
glum ,
it remains inextricably stuck in an emotionally unavailable rut .
it remains depressingly prosaic and dull
waste a moment
thousand cliches
, meanwhile , reads more like Driving Miss Daisy than GoodFellas
, might be all the more infuriating
, manipulative and as bland as Wonder Bread dipped in milk , but it also does the absolute last thing we need Hollywood doing to us : It preaches .
, maybe he should just stick with Austin and Dr Evil .
slow
seem too long
seem to have been picked not for their acting chops , but for their looks and appeal to the pre-teen crowd .
redeem it from hopeless sentimentality
when the original was released in 1987 ... this story gets sillier , not scarier , as it goes along
Off the Hook is overlong and not well-acted , but credit writer-producer-director Adam Watstein with finishing it at all .
Oedekerk mugs mercilessly , and the genuinely funny jokes are few and far between .
Offers no new insight
ridiculous shoot
ridiculous sourness
ridiculous dialog
right now like we need doomsday thrillers
he should consider permanent sex-reassignment
by even the corniest and most hackneyed contrivances
by corrupt and hedonistic weasels
by characters who are nearly impossible to care about
a simple premise
a side dish of asparagus . If you 're not a fan , it might be like trying to eat Brussels sprouts
A wildly inconsistent emotional
A wildly inconsistent emotional experience .
of detachment that makes any given frame look like a family 's custom-made Christmas card
Supposedly , Pokemon ca n't be killed , but Pokemon 4Ever practically assures that the pocket monster movie franchise is nearly ready to keel over .
Supposedly , Pokemon ca n't be killed , but Pokemon 4Ever practically assures that the pocket monster movie franchise is nearly ready to keel over
A low-rent retread of the Alien pictures .
A low-budget affair , Tadpole was shot on digital video , and the images often look smeary and blurry , to the point of distraction . Then again , in a better movie , you might not have noticed .
A low-budget affair , Tadpole was shot on digital video , and the images often look smeary and blurry , to the point of distraction . Then again , in a better movie
A low-rent retread of the Alien
A low-rent retread
A low-budget affair , Tadpole
A low-budget affair , Tadpole was shot on digital video ,
natter
viewing a long soap opera in which only the first episode was any good
viewers would be free to leave
... begins with promise , but runs aground after being snared in its own tangled plot .
of puerile
of predictable narrative rhythms
all the stomach-turning violence
most hopelessly monotonous
most heinous man
had no effect and elicited no sympathies for any of the characters .
had no effect and elicited no sympathies for any of the characters
had to sit through it again
had the balance shifted in favor of water-bound action over the land-based ` drama
its title notwithstanding , should have been a lot nastier
than like being stuck in a dark pit having a nightmare about bad cinema
than most of Jaglom 's self-conscious and gratingly irritating films
there is no real reason to see it .
There are times when you wish that the movie had worked a little harder to conceal its contrivances ,
There are times when you wish that the movie had worked a little harder to conceal its contrivances , but
hazy
having been recycled more times than I 'd care to count
having a nightmare about bad cinema
more offended by his lack of faith in his audience than by anything on display
more offended by his lack of faith in his audience
the man who wrote it but this Cliff Notes edition is a cheat
the maudlin way its story unfolds
probably appeal more to guys than to their girlfriends who drag them to this movie for the Hugh factor
to grab the old lady at the end of my aisle 's walker and toss it at the screen in frustration
Nohe has made a decent ` intro ' documentary , but he feels like a spectator and not a participant .
its creepy menace
its creepy
its deft portrait
its dull spots
its dull
makes Sex With Strangers , which opens today in the New York metropolitan area , so distasteful
brutally clueless
of law enforcement , and a visceral , nasty journey
all comes down to whether you can tolerate Leon Barlow . I ca n't .
all bluster and cliché
all end in someone screaming
heavy-handed ,
heavy-handedness
hard to be mythic
happened already to so many silent movies , newsreels
happened already
haphazardness
films which will cause loads of irreparable damage that years and years of costly analysis could never fix
pouty-lipped poof
powerfully drawn toward the light -- the light of the exit sign
flaccid satire
will probably find it familiar and insufficiently cathartic
Anyone who 's ever suffered under a martinet music instructor
the nadir of the thriller\/horror
accumulated force still feels like an ugly knot tightening in your stomach
tendency to slip into hokum
unoriginality
has the temerity to run over two hours
America 's culture of fear
America 's thirst for violence
this movie , but what it needs
this movie , by necessity , lacks Fellowship 's heart
this movie leaves you cool
that you could be doing something else far more pleasurable
that you can not believe anyone more central to the creation of Bugsy than the caterer
that you avoid the Godzilla
that you 'll want to crawl up your own \*\*\* in embarrassment
that you 'll be as bored watching Morvern Callar as the characters are in it
of what 's wrong with this increasingly pervasive aspect of gay culture
pathos to support the scattershot terrorizing tone
of velocity and idiocy , this ruinous remake
of utter nonsense
of very bad special effects
unpleasant
uneven directorial debut
unrecoverable
shocking lack
a frothy vanity project
overly sillified plot
overproduced and
overplotted , Anne Rice rock
I 'm not sure these words have ever been together in the same sentence :
're over 25 , have an IQ over 90 ,
're really renting this you 're not interested in discretion in your entertainment choices
're over 25 , have an IQ over 90 , and have a driver 's license
're simply not funny performers
I 'm not sure these words have ever been together in the same sentence : This erotic cannibal movie is boring
witless attempt at mating
witless attempt at mating Some Like It Hot with the WWII espionage thriller
witty . Mocking them now is an exercise in pointlessness
Given how heavy-handed and portent-heavy it is , this could be the worst thing Soderbergh has ever done .
Given that both movies expect us to root for convicted violent felons over those assigned to protect us from same
Given how heavy-handed and portent-heavy it is
Giovanni , a psychiatrist who predictably finds it difficult to sustain interest in his profession after the family tragedy . Too predictably , in fact
I 'm not sure these words have ever been together in the same sentence : This erotic cannibal movie is boring .
too easy
unexpected blast
too few
too dry
the humor did n't quite engage this adult
too dry and
What is 100 % missing here
What happened with Pluto Nash ? How did it ever get made ?
What happens to John Q
What could have been a neat little story about believing in yourself
What could have been a neat little story about believing in yourself is swamped by heavy-handed melodrama .
What could and should have been biting and droll
What could and should have been biting and droll is instead a tepid waste of time and talent .
What begins as a seemingly brainless
seen it all before in one form or another
and self-conscious seams
, racist humour
, reality shows -- reality shows for God 's sake !
, pratfalls , dares , injuries , etc.
, redundant , sloppy
's a bargain-basement European pickup
's a bad sign when you 're rooting for the film to hurry up and get to its subjects ' deaths just so the documentary will be over
's a bargain-basement European pickup .
's a bad , embarrassing movie .
merely unwatchable , but also unlistenable
merely unwatchable ,
merely unwatchable , but
's a cheat .
could desire to the cheap , graceless , hackneyed sci-fi serials of the '30s and '40s
see when you do n't want to use your brain .
seem disappointing in its generalities
seem disappointing
seem drab and sordid
Is n't quite the equal of Woo 's best earlier work
clumsy
McGrath
computer processed and overproduced as it was in her music
's up to you to decide whether to admire these people 's dedication to their cause or be repelled by their dogmatism , manipulativeness and narrow , fearful view of American life .
's up to you to decide whether to admire these people 's dedication to their cause or be repelled by their dogmatism , manipulativeness and narrow , fearful view of American life
's unlikely to become a household name on the basis of his first starring vehicle .
's unlikely to become a household name on the basis of his first starring vehicle
this Cinderella story does n't have a single surprise up its sleeve . But
Imagine ( if possible ) a Pasolini film without passion or politics , or an Almodovar movie without beauty or humor , and
Imagine ( if possible ) a Pasolini film without passion or politics , or an Almodovar movie without beauty or humor ,
Imagine ( if possible ) a Pasolini film without passion or politics , or an Almodovar movie without beauty or humor , and you have some idea of the glum , numb experience of watching O Fantasma .
Imagine ( if possible ) a Pasolini film without passion or politics , or an Almodovar movie without beauty or humor , and you have some idea of the glum , numb experience of watching O Fantasma
Imagine Kevin Smith , the blasphemous bad boy of suburban Jersey , if he were stripped of most of his budget and all of his sense of humor . The result might look like Vulgar .
Imagine Kevin Smith , the blasphemous bad boy of suburban Jersey , if he were stripped of most of his budget and all of his sense of humor
of too much kid-vid
a geriatric Peter
a genteel , prep-school quality that feels dusty and leatherbound
a gentle waking coma
heartbreaking subject matter
, but it is surely no classic , like the novel upon which it is based .
bogged down
Jackass is a vulgar
Jacobi , the most fluent of actors , is given relatively dry material from Nijinsky 's writings to perform ,
bodice-ripper and plodding costume drama .
Has none of the crackle of `` Fatal Attraction '' , `` 9 1\/2 Weeks '' , or even `` Indecent Proposal '' ,
Has it ever been possible to say that Williams has truly inhabited a character ?
Has none of the crackle of `` Fatal Attraction '' , `` 9 1\/2 Weeks '' , or even `` Indecent Proposal '' , and feels more like Lyne 's stolid remake of `` Lolita ''
Has none of the crackle of `` Fatal Attraction '' , `` 9 1\/2 Weeks '' , or even `` Indecent Proposal '' , and
Has none of the crackle of `` Fatal Attraction '' , `` 9 1\/2 Weeks '' , or even `` Indecent Proposal '' , and feels more like Lyne 's stolid remake of `` Lolita '' .
a rather simplistic one : grief drives her , love drives him
a rather unbelievable love interest
a wet stick of dynamite
a weak or careless performance amongst them
no Steve Martin
no affinity
Hopkins ) does n't so much phone in his performance as fax it . No , even that 's too committed . He gets his secretary to fax it . ''
Hopelessly
Hopelessly inane , humorless and under-inspired .
you 've watched the far superior Nurse Betty or Sunset Boulevard
threw loads of money at an idea that should 've been so much more even if it was only made for teenage boys and wrestling fans .
you avoid the Godzilla
One look at a girl in tight pants and big tits and you turn stupid ? '' Um ... is n't that the basis for the entire plot
deceit and murder
None of this is half as moving as the filmmakers seem to think .
A sleep-inducing thriller with a single twist that everyone except the characters in it can see coming a mile away .
A sleep-inducingly slow-paced crime drama with clumsy dialogue , heavy-handed phoney-feeling sentiment , and an overly-familiar set
A sleep-inducingly slow-paced crime drama with clumsy dialogue , heavy-handed phoney-feeling sentiment , and an overly-familiar set of plot devices
A sleep-inducingly slow-paced crime drama with clumsy dialogue , heavy-handed phoney-feeling sentiment , and an overly-familiar set of plot devices .
A sloppy slapstick
A sloppy slapstick throwback to long gone bottom-of-the-bill fare like The Ghost and Mr . Chicken .
A slow-moving police-procedural thriller
A slow-moving police-procedural thriller that
A slow-moving police-procedural thriller that takes its title all too literally .
but its abrupt drop in IQ points as it races to the finish line proves simply too discouraging to let slide
but its abrupt drop in IQ points as it races to the finish line proves simply too discouraging to let slide .
but its just not a thrilling movie
proves you wrong on both counts
but it 's just too too much
provide much more insight than the inside column of a torn book jacket
Like a comedian who starts off promisingly but then proceeds to flop
Like a comedian who starts off promisingly but then proceeds to flop , Comedian runs out of steam after a half hour .
but it never quite adds up
Like Mike is a slight and uninventive movie : Like the exalted Michael Jordan referred to in the title , many can aspire but none can equal
Like Mike is a slight and uninventive movie : Like the exalted Michael Jordan referred to in the title , many can aspire but none can equal .
Like Mike is a slight and uninventive movie
Like Mike is a slight and uninventive movie :
Like a bad improvisation exercise , the superficially written characters ramble on tediously about their lives , loves and the art
Like a bad improvisation exercise , the superficially written characters ramble on tediously about their lives , loves and the art they 're struggling to create .
Like Showgirls and Glitter , the most entertaining moments here are unintentional .
moronic as some campus
most Westerners are unfamiliar with .
most disappointing
most disappointing Woody Allen movie
self-indulgent and
self-mutilating
self-consciously
The film 's center will not hold .
most tuneless
want to see another car chase , explosion or gunfight again
suited to a quiet evening on PBS
it misses a major opportunity to be truly revelatory about his psyche .
it may leave you feeling a little sticky and unsatisfied
does n't
stuffing himself into an electric pencil sharpener
stuffs his debut
stuffed into an otherwise mediocre film
your silly childhood nostalgia slumber
stuffs his debut with more plot than it can comfortably hold
suited neither
jettisons all opportunities for Rock to make his mark by serving up the usual chaotic nonsense
jerking the audience 's chain
jerking off in all its Byzantine incarnations to bother pleasuring its audience
jerking off in all its Byzantine incarnations
taxes with your ex-wife
runs to ` difficult ' films
trick you
pitiful
run its course
been sacrificed for skin
to go out of his way to turn the legendary wit 's classic mistaken identity farce into brutally labored and unfunny hokum
been richer and more observant if it were less densely plotted
been sent back to the tailor for some major alterations
to go down with a ship as leaky as this
If I want music , I 'll buy the soundtrack .
been saved if the director , Tom Dey , had spliced together bits and pieces of Midnight Run and 48 Hours ( and , for that matter , Shrek )
that the movie has virtually nothing to show
that the movie spent a lot less time trying to make a credible case for reports from the afterlife and a lot more time on the romantic urgency that 's at the center of the story
that the new film is a lame kiddie flick
that the new film is a lame kiddie flick and
that the material is so second-rate
that the movie does not do them justice
that the new film is a lame kiddie flick and that Carvey 's considerable talents are wasted in it
tapping into our reality tv obsession , and even tardier
an acid viewpoint
, why not invite some genuine spontaneity into the film by having the evil aliens ' laser guns actually hit something for once ?
, why put someone who ultimately does n't learn at the center of a kids ' story ?
dimming
a phlegmatic bore
Those 24-and-unders looking for their own Caddyshack to adopt as a generational signpost may have to keep on looking .
his self-regarding sentimentality
his self-deprecating act
my own tortured psyche
my seat trying to sneak out of the theater
too convoluted
falls flat as thinking man CIA agent Jack Ryan in this summer 's new action film
Starts off with a bang , but then fizzles like a wet stick of dynamite at the very end .
the answer is as conventional as can be
usual thriller nonsense
too dark to be decipherable
Like watching a dress rehearsal the week before the show goes up
attempt by the filmmakers to force-feed James Bond into the mindless XXX mold
'll get the enjoyable basic minimum . But not a whit more .
his scripting unsurprising
'll feel as the credits roll is your stomach grumbling for some tasty grub
'll forget about it by Monday , though
this unrelenting bleak insistence on opting out of any opportunity for finding meaning in relationships or work
this unrelenting bleak insistence
bother thinking it all through
, excruciatingly tedious
, extra heavy-duty ropes would be needed to keep it from floating away .
our deepest , media-soaked fears
ordinary melodrama that is heavy on religious symbols but wafer-thin on dramatic substance
ordinary
ordinary melodrama
a very rainy day
cliched or meaningless
cliched and contrived
cliched and
of witless
cliched to hardened indie-heads
cliched or meaningless roles
familiar and tired
'd grab your kids and run and then probably call the police
familiar and predictable
this smart-aleck
sacrifices its promise
strains
shallower
-- some jolly country embroiled in a bloody civil war , perhaps
-- to assess the quality of the manipulative engineering . Average , at best , I 'm afraid
-- when are bears bears and when are they like humans , only hairier -- would tax Einstein 's brain .
A clumsily manufactured exploitation flick
A clumsily manufactured exploitation flick ,
A clumsily manufactured exploitation flick , a style-free exercise in manipulation and mayhem
A clumsily manufactured exploitation flick , a style-free exercise in manipulation and mayhem .
A clutchy , indulgent and pretentious
A clutchy , indulgent and pretentious travelogue and diatribe against
A clutchy , indulgent and pretentious travelogue and diatribe against ...
A clutchy , indulgent and pretentious travelogue and diatribe against ... well , just stuff . Watching Scarlet Diva , one is poised for titillation , raw insight or both . Instead , we just get messy anger , a movie as personal therapy
A clutchy , indulgent and pretentious travelogue and diatribe against ... well , just stuff . Watching Scarlet Diva , one is poised for titillation , raw insight or both . Instead , we just get messy anger , a movie as personal therapy .
It makes me feel weird \ \/ Thinking about all the bad things in the world \ \/ Like puppies with broken legs \ \/ And butterflies that die \ \/ And movies starring pop queens
It looks like an action movie , but it 's so poorly made , on all levels , that it does n't even qualify as a spoof of such .
, it eventually works its way up to merely bad rather than painfully awful .
, it drags
, it could have been a thinking man 's monster movie
, it contains almost enough chuckles for a three-minute sketch , and no more .
, it collapses like an overcooked soufflé .
, it does n't work .
, it does a disservice to the audience and to the genre .
, it covers just about every cliche in the compendium about crass , jaded movie types and the phony baloney movie biz .
it 's not very interesting
reduce Blake 's philosophy into a tragic coming-of-age saga punctuated by bursts of animator Todd McFarlane 's superhero dystopia
redolent
redolent of a thousand cliches
give a filmmaker an unlimited amount of phony blood
an uninspired philosophical epiphany
might as well have been Problem Child IV .
What we have is a character faced with the possibility that her life is meaningless , vapid and devoid of substance , in a movie that is definitely meaningless , vapid and devoid of substance .
What we have here is n't a disaster , exactly , but a very handsomely produced let-down .
What we get in FearDotCom is more like something from a bad Clive Barker movie . In other words , it 's badder than bad .
What we get in FearDotCom is more like something from a bad Clive Barker movie . In other words
9 seconds of Jesse Helms ' anti- Castro rhetoric
9 seconds of Jesse Helms ' anti- Castro rhetoric , which are included
90 minutes of playing opposite each other Bullock and Grant still
90 minutes of playing opposite each other Bullock and Grant still look ill at ease sharing the same scene
90 minutes trying figure out whether or not some cocky pseudo-intellectual kid has intentionally left college or was killed
90-minute dud
Insomnia is involving . Still , I thought it could have been more .
Writer\/director Joe Carnahan 's grimy crime drama
Too clumsy in key moments
Kim Ki-Deok seems to have in mind an ( emotionally at least ) adolescent audience demanding regular shocks and bouts of barely defensible sexual violence to keep it interested .
Kids do n't mind crappy movies as much as adults , provided there 's lots of cute animals and clumsy people . ` Snow Dogs ' has both .
Killed My Father is one of those art house films that makes you feel like you 're watching an iceberg melt -- only
the weakest movie
the weaknesses of
take a reality check before you pay the full ticket price to see '' Simone , '' and consider a DVD rental instead
Uneven
absurd collection
aburrido
, lawrence unleashes his trademark misogyny -- er , comedy -- like a human volcano or an overflowing septic tank
, lawrence unleashes his trademark misogyny -- er , comedy -- like a human volcano or an overflowing septic tank ,
An acceptable way to pass a little over an hour with moviegoers ages 8-10 , but it 's unlikely to inspire anything more than a visit to McDonald 's , let alone some savvy street activism .
almost unbearably morbid
Lacking gravitas , MacDowell is a placeholder for grief , and ergo this sloppy drama is an empty vessel . Leave these Flowers unpicked --
almost unbearably
spirit-crushing ennui
spent screen series
The only thing `` swept away '' is the one hour and thirty-three minutes spent watching this waste of time .
The only thing to fear about `` Fear Dot Com '' is hitting your head on the theater seat in front of you when you doze off thirty minutes into the film .
The only pain you 'll feel as the credits roll is your stomach grumbling for some tasty grub .
The only question ... is to determine how well the schmaltz is manufactured -- to assess the quality of the manipulative engineering .
Harold Ramis deve ter saído da cama com o pé esquerdo . E aqueles que decidiram assistir a este filme também .
Harrison Ford low
- greaseballs mob action-comedy .
turns out to be cleverer , better written and of considerable more interest than the finished film
turns hurting each other .
turns into a dire drama partway
do n't think I laughed out loud once
do n't think I laughed out loud once .
as with all ambitious films , it has some problems
as-nasty -
like scrubbing the toilet .
no classic ,
that tumultuous world
that it fails to have a heart , mind or humor of its own
no art
that it comes off as annoying rather than charming
that it could have been a hoot in a bad-movie way if the laborious pacing and endless exposition had been tightened
to a new , self-deprecating level
therefore I know better than to rush to the theatre for this one
... the film 's considered approach to its subject matter is too calm and thoughtful for agitprop , and the thinness of its characterizations makes it a failure as straight drama . '
uncool the only thing missing is the '' Gadzooks ! ''
calcified into chronic cynicism and fear
there would be a toss-up between presiding over the end of cinema as we know it and another night of delightful hand shadows .
Will no doubt delight Plympton 's legion of fans ; others may find 80 minutes of these shenanigans exhausting
next : ``
no , paralyzed
nincompoop Benigni persona
He 's just a sad aristocrat in tattered finery
He seems to want both , but succeeds in making neither .
Heathers , then becomes Bring it On , then becomes unwatchable
before its opening , afraid of the bad reviews they thought they 'd earn .
Kmart blue-light-special effects all
Kids do n't mind crappy movies as much as adults , provided there 's lots of cute animals and clumsy people .
Kirshner and Monroe seem to be in a contest to see who can out-bad-act the other .
Killing time , that 's all that 's going on here .
plummets into a comedy graveyard
were convinced to waste their time
interested in jerking off in all its Byzantine incarnations to bother pleasuring its audience
scenario that will give most parents pause ... Then , something terrible happens
scenario that will give most parents pause ...
going to feel like you were n't invited to the party
going nowhere fast
going through the paces again with his usual high melodramatic style of filmmaking
is the needlessly poor quality of its archival prints and film footage . The images lack contrast , are murky and are frequently too dark to be decipherable
is the last thing any of these three actresses , nor their characters , deserve .
is the needlessly poor quality of its archival prints and film footage . The images lack contrast , are murky and are frequently too dark to be decipherable .
is the kind of movie during which you want to bang your head on the seat in front of you , at its cluelessness , at its idiocy , at its utterly misplaced earnestness
is the last thing any of these three actresses , nor their characters , deserve
is the kind of movie during which you want to bang your head on the seat in front of you , at its cluelessness , at its idiocy , at its utterly misplaced earnestness .
is the opposite of a truly magical movie
will be on video long before they grow up and you can wait till then
a shameless sham , calculated to cash in on the popularity of its stars
a shameless sham
a shameless sham ,
who has little clue about either the nature of women or of friendship
is n't a redeeming moment here .
is n't , especially when it starts to seem more improvised than scripted
is much like the ethos of a stream of consciousness , although , it 's unfortunate for the viewer that the thoughts and reflections coming through are torpid and banal
is n't a redeeming moment
is n't a favorite
is mostly a lump of run-of-the-mill profanity sprinkled with a few remarks so geared toward engendering audience sympathy that you might think he was running for office -- or trying to win over a probation officer .
is mostly a lump of run-of-the-mill profanity sprinkled with a few remarks so geared toward engendering audience sympathy that you might think he was running for office -- or trying to win over a probation officer
Mama takes a bit too long to find its rhythm and
is that there is really only one movie 's worth of decent gags to be gleaned from the premise .
Abandons all pretense of creating historical context and waltzes off into a hectic soap about the ups and downs of the heavy breathing between the two artists .
smeary digital video
may not have a novel thought in his head
becomes off-putting
cut their losses
can be snide
a Lifetime-channel kind of plot and a lead actress who is out of her depth
a Monty Python sketch gone horribly wrong
run-of-the-mill raunchy humor and
hate this movie
hate clowns .
hated every minute of it .
hated every minute of it
hate ( Madonna ) within the film 's first five minutes
obnoxious 88-minute infomercial
aching
absurd
abrupt
Passion , lip-synching , tragedy , and lots of really really high notes . For me , this opera is n't a favorite ,
Passion , lip-synching , tragedy , and lots of really really high notes . For me , this opera is n't a favorite , so
Passion , lip-synching , tragedy , and lots of really really high notes . For me , this opera is n't a favorite , so it 's a long time before the fat lady sings
too hard to be funny in a way that 's too loud , too goofy and too short of an attention span
For all its failed connections
There 's a great deal of corny dialogue and preposterous moments . And
There 's a great deal of corny dialogue and preposterous moments .
To the filmmakers , Ivan is a prince of a fellow , but he comes across as shallow and glib though not mean-spirited , and there 's no indication that he 's been responsible for putting together any movies of particular value or merit .
bore that tends to hammer home every one of its points
bore .
flickering out by its perfunctory conclusion
flick cliches
Clint Eastwood 's efficiently minimalist style finally has failed him . Big time
Clint Eastwood 's efficiently minimalist style finally has failed him .
Clint Eastwood 's efficiently minimalist style finally has failed him
Cletis Tout never becomes the clever crime comedy it thinks it is
Cletis Tout might inspire a trip to the video store -- in search of a better movie experience .
walked out muttering words like '' horrible '' and '' terrible ,
been there , done
been this odd , inexplicable and unpleasant
been the vehicle for Chan that '' The Mask '' was for Jim Carrey . Alas
been such a bad day
at times it 's simply baffling
at times confusing
at times , but lapses quite casually into the absurd
has been held hostage by generic scripts that seek to remake Sleepless in Seattle again and again
goes wrong thanks to culture shock and a refusal
goes wrong thanks
almost perpetually wasted
not much of anything
not much fun to watch .
not much else
not much fire in the script
not only because of its bad-luck timing
brutally dry
brutally dry satire
brutal mid
brutally labored and unfunny
brutally labored and unfunny hokum
, earnest and -- sadly -- dull
starts out clever but veers into overkill
static to the point of resembling a stage play
-- and long -- for its own good
-- a straight guy has to dress up in drag --
-- and it is n't that funny .
-- but not particularly funny --
Debut effort by '' Project Greenlight '' winner is sappy and amateurish .
Deep down , I realized the harsh reality of my situation
Deep down , I realized the harsh reality of my situation : I would leave the theater with a lower I . Q . than when I had entered .
Deep down , I realized the harsh reality of my situation : I would leave the theater with a lower I . Q . than when I had entered
sitting through this one
sitting open too long
The movie is too impressed with its own solemn insights to work up much entertainment value .
The movie is too amateurishly square to make the most of its own ironic implications .
The movie is silly beyond comprehension , and even if it were n't silly , it would still be beyond comprehension .
The movie is silly beyond comprehension , and even if it were n't silly , it would still be beyond comprehension
The movie is the equivalent of French hip-hop , which also seems to play on a 10-year delay .
The movie is so resolutely cobbled together out of older movies that it even uses a totally unnecessary prologue , just because it seems obligatory .
The movie is silly beyond comprehension
The movie is n't painfully bad , something to be ` fully experienced ' ; it 's just tediously bad , something to be fully forgotten .
The movie is silly beyond comprehension , and
at odds with the rest of the film
rash
, i . e . Peploe 's , it 's simply unbearable
, if disingenuous ,
, humorous , spooky , educational , but at other times as bland as a block of snow .
, however entertainingly presented ,
, humorless and under-inspired
gets caught up in the rush of slapstick thoroughfare .
a mawkish , implausible platonic romance that makes chaplin 's city lights seem dispassionate by comparison
a mawkish , implausible platonic romance that makes chaplin 's city lights
a mawkish ,
With more character development this might have been an eerie thriller ; with better payoffs , it could have been a thinking man 's monster movie
With more character development this might have been an eerie thriller ; with better payoffs , it could have been a thinking man 's monster movie .
With little visible talent and no energy , Colin Hanks is in bad need of major acting lessons and maybe a little coffee .
With miscast leads , banal dialogue and an absurdly overblown climax
With little visible talent and no energy
In the wrong hands , i.e. Peploe 's , it 's simply unbearable
In the real world , an actor this uncharismatically beautiful would have a résumé loaded with credits like `` Girl in Bar # 3 . ''
In truth , it has all the heart of a porno flick ( but none of the sheer lust ) .
In this case zero .
Incoherence
Snoots will no doubt rally to its cause , trotting out threadbare standbys like ` masterpiece ' and ` triumph ' and all that malarkey , but rarely does an established filmmaker so ardently waste viewers ' time with a gobbler like this .
adapts to the changes required of her , but the actress and director Peter Kosminsky never get the audience to break through the wall her character erects
Smug , artificial , ill-constructed and fatally overlong
Smug
's all pretty cynical and condescending ,
's all pretty cynical and condescending
's all bad .
's all bad
stay with the stage versions
This is n't a `` Friday '' worth waiting for .
the looseness of the piece
the lousy Tarantino imitations
they '' were , what '' they '' looked like . Why '' they '' were here and what '' they '' wanted and quite honestly , I did n't care
they '' wanted and quite honestly , I did n't care
is as difficult for the audience
where janice beard falters in its recycled aspects , implausibility , and sags in pace , it
is never quite able
is never melodic \/
is never clear .
is n't the actor to save it .
hey arnold ! the movie is what happens when you blow up small potatoes to 10 times their natural size , and it ai n't pretty
hey arnold ! the movie is what happens when you blow up small potatoes to 10 times their natural size , and it ai n't pretty .
hey arnold ! the movie is what happens when you blow up small potatoes to 10 times their natural size , and
holes and completely lacking in chills
in which a high school swimming pool substitutes for a bathtub
with self-loathing
with coarseness
of narrative banality
of no erotic or sensuous charge
claims to sort the bad guys from the good , which is its essential problem .
claims to sort the bad guys from the good , which is its essential problem
the thin characterizations , nonexistent plot and
the thin characterizations
the thin characterizations ,
the thematic ironies are too obvious and the sexual politics too smug
Afraid to pitch into farce
what he gets instead has all the lyricism of a limerick scrawled in a public restroom
opium
Afraid to pitch into farce ,
if you do n't demand much more than a few cheap thrills from your Halloween entertainment
if you believe that the shocking conclusion is too much of a plunge or
the type written by people who ca n't come up with legitimate funny
the intimate , unguarded moments of folks who live in unusual homes --
another bad movie
another bad movie .
another anemic and formulaic Lethal Weapon-derived buddy-cop movie ,
another anemic and formulaic Lethal Weapon-derived buddy-cop movie , trying to pass off its lack of imagination as hip knowingness
another bummer of a wrong turn
another disjointed
another big-budget bust
another bummer
a tepid waste
a terrorist bomb
a terrible true story
a tepid waste of time and talent
a testimonial dinner than a documentary
their collaborators are entitled to take a deep bow for fashioning an engrossing entertainment out of an almost sure-fire prescription for a critical and commercial disaster .
insufferable the character
insufferable
insubstantial plot
insubstantial
insufficiently
insufferable the character is
of Trouble Every Day
of Middle American musical torpor and the desperate struggle
by the brutality of the jokes , most at women 's expense
stalking
felt ; not the Craven of ' A Nightmare on Elm Street ' or ` The Hills Have Eyes , ' but the sad schlock merchant of ` Deadly Friend
felt sad for Lise
felt like the same movie to me
felt sad for Lise not so much because of what happens as because she was captured by this movie when she obviously belongs in something lighter and sunnier ,
felt sad for Lise not so much because of what happens as because she was captured by this movie when she obviously belongs in something lighter and sunnier
felt sad for Lise not so much because of what happens as because she was captured by this movie when she obviously belongs in something lighter and sunnier , by Rohmer ,
felt sad for Lise not so much because of what happens as because she was captured by this movie when she obviously belongs in something lighter and sunnier , by Rohmer
toxic
delusions
then sucks the blood out
Norwegian offering which somehow snagged an Oscar nomination
's insanely violent and very graphic
's in the action scenes that things fall apart
that I 'm actually having a hard time believing people were paid to make it
that I 'd hoped the movie would avoid
that Hollywood no longer has a monopoly on mindless action
that I was unable to get the full brunt of the comedy
that I did n't believe it for a second , despite the best efforts of everyone involved
that I became mad that I wasted 123 minutes and $ 9 .
Too bad Kramer could n't make a guest appearance to liven things up .
Tom Tykwer , director of the resonant and sense-spinning Run Lola Run , has turned out to be a one-trick pony
leave
leave the theater
a 95-minute commercial for NBA properties
a 95-minute commercial
fairly unsettling scenes
a $ 40 million version of a game
a '' Big Chill '' reunion of the Baader-Meinhof Gang , only these guys are more harmless pranksters than political activists
a 65th class reunion mixer
might not be the best way to cut your teeth in the film industry
might look like Vulgar .
might just be the biggest husband-and-wife disaster since John
might inspire a trip to the video store -- in search of a better movie experience .
might inspire a trip to the video store -- in search of a better movie experience
might inadvertently evoke memories and emotions which are anything but
to endure every plot contrivance that the cliché-riddled genre can offer
the long list of renegade-cop tales
no interest in the gang-infested , East-vs . - West Coast rap wars
There 's something unintentionally comic in the film 's drumbeat about authenticity , given the stale plot and pornographic way the film revels in swank apartments , clothes and parties .
There 's the plot , and a maddeningly insistent and repetitive piano score that made me want to scream .
deserve to hear the full story of Jonah 's despair -- in all its agonizing , Catch-22 glory -- even if they spend years trying to comprehend it .
deserve the energy it takes to describe how bad it is
deserve to go down with a ship as leaky as this
gently tedious in its comedy
where backstabbing and betrayals are celebrated
detract from the athleticism
determined , ennui-hobbled slog
detriment
frightful vanity film
fringe feminist conspiracy theorist
all-out
all-night
all too predictable and far too cliched
dull , brain-deadening hangover
dull , dumb and derivative horror
dull , inconsistent , dishonest
dull , inconsistent , dishonest female bonding
Thoughtless , random , superficial humour and a lot of very bad Scouse accents
Thoughtless , random , superficial humour and a lot
Thumbs down .
Thumbs down
to make J . K . Rowling 's marvelous series into a deadly bore
to make : I did n't particularly like E . T . the first time I saw it as a young boy . That is because - damn it !
Like Rudy Yellow Lodge , Eyre needs to take a good sweat to clarify his cinematic vision before his next creation and remember the lessons of the trickster spider .
's slow -- very , very slow .
's slow -- very , very slow
's replaced by some dramatic scenes that are jarring and deeply out of place in what could have ( and probably should have ) been a lighthearted comedy .
a very old-school kind
a vehicle to showcase the canadian 's inane ramblings , stealing harvard is a smorgasbord of soliloquies about nothing delivered by the former mr
Pinochet 's victims
record the lives of women torn apart by a legacy of abuse
set to an unending soundtrack of beach party pop numbers
Nothing too deep or substantial .
Poor Ben Bratt could n't find stardom if MapQuest emailed him point-to-point driving directions .
Nothing but an episode of Smackdown
Nothing but an episode of Smackdown !
Nothing overly original
the preachy
with lots of downtime in between
where their heads were is anyone 's guess
Some Body often looks like an episode of the TV show Blind Date , only less technically proficient and without the pop-up comments .
bombastic and ultimately empty
bombastic and ultimately empty World War II action
bona fide groaners
book-on-tape
unnecessary and clumsy
unnecessary and clumsy last scene
unoriginal , unfunny and unrecommendable
the ` wow ' factor
the ` true story ' by which All the Queen 's Men is allegedly '' inspired '' was a lot funnier
's another regurgitated action movie you 're after
's another stale , kill-by-numbers flick , complete with blade-thin characters and terrible , pun-laden dialogue
's an earnest debut full of heartfelt performances , but is ultimately let down by a story that is all too predictable
's an earnest debut full of heartfelt performances , but is ultimately let down by a story that is all too predictable .
's an awfully derivative story
handsome but unfulfilling suspense drama
betrayal , forgiveness and murder
better at fingering problems than finding solutions .
A portrait of alienation so perfect , it will certainly succeed in alienating most viewers .
if it had just gone that one step further
if it only had a brain .
if only it were that grand a failure
seems to take an unseemly pleasure in ( the characters ' ) misery and at the same time to congratulate himself for having the guts to confront it
Throwing it
Throwing it all away
sunk by all the sanctimony
sunk by the film 's primitive approach to the mechanics of comedy
Its underlying mythology is a hodgepodge of inconsistencies that pose the question
Its story may be a thousand years old , but why did it have to seem like it took another thousand to tell it to us ?
Its save-the-planet message clashes with its crass marketing .
Its save-the-planet message clashes with its crass marketing
Its save-the-planet message clashes
Its salient points are simultaneously buried , drowned and smothered in the excesses of writer-director Roger Avary .
Its over-reliance on genre conventions , character types and formulaic conflict resolutions crushes all the goodwill it otherwise develops .
Its over-reliance on genre conventions , character types and formulaic conflict resolutions
his characters were torturing each other psychologically and talking about their genitals in public
his character awakens to the notion that to be human
is n't much fun without the highs and lows
is n't merely offensive
is n't much to it .
is n't much to it
is n't going to jell
is n't funny .
is n't just a poor fit with Kieslowski 's lyrical pessimism
is n't nearly surprising or clever enough to sustain a reasonable degree of suspense on its own .
is n't nearly surprising or clever enough to sustain a reasonable degree of suspense on its own
is omitted nor a cliché left unsaid
heavy-handed
heavy on religious symbols but wafer-thin
hell
helps little
from an overly deliberate pace and uneven narrative momentum
from being an unusual sci-fi character study to a chase flick that detracts from its ending
from being unoriginal , unfunny and unrecommendable
with nary an original idea ( or role , or edit , or score , or anything , really ) in sight
with no reason for being
those crass
the story lacks all trace of wit
most damning censure
most damning
most annoying
most devastating
most depressing movie-going experiences
3-D
the tricks alone are not enough to salvage this lifeless boxing film .
sheer ugliness
the story simply putters along looking for astute observations and coming up blank .
the straight-to-video sci-fi rental shelf
and some staggeringly boring cinema
and sometimes dry
and sickening product placement
and slack direction
by Working Girl scribe Kevin Wade
by a Lifetime-channel kind of plot and a lead actress who is out of her depth
delivered dialogue and a heroine who comes across as both shallow and dim-witted
delivered dialogue and a heroine who comes across as both shallow and dim-witted .
by bad luck and their own immaturity
Because the film deliberately lacks irony
by that old familiar feeling of ` let 's get this thing over with '
by supporting characters who are either too goodly , wise and knowing or downright comically evil
by someone who ignored it in favor of old ` juvenile delinquent ' paperbacks with titles like Leather Warriors and Switchblade Sexpot
by someone who obviously knows nothing about crime
a stereotype
plot contrivances
incredibly irritating
a shame
a silly comedy
the darkest hours
the dark places of our national psyche
reduce everything he touches to a shrill , didactic cartoon
A weird , arresting little ride
loopy
looks as if it was made without much thought --
looks as if it was made without much thought -- and
less funny than the original , Killers
less interesting than they already are
they have a tendency to slip into hokum
they lack their idol 's energy and passion for detail .
they do n't fit well together and neither is well told
they do n't fit well together and
they do n't fit well together and neither is well told .
they toss logic and science into what is essentially a `` Dungeons and Dragons '' fantasy with modern military weaponry ...
little vidgame pit
those movies where you walk out of the theater not feeling
one in which fear and frustration are provoked to intolerable levels
one has nothing else to watch
one gets the feeling that the typical Hollywood disregard for historical truth and realism is at work here
one could rent the original and get the same love story and parable .
Femme Fatale ranks with the worst
Feels too formulaic and too familiar to produce the transgressive thrills of early underground work .
Feels too formulaic and too familiar to produce the transgressive
... plot holes so large and obvious a marching band might as well be stomping through them in clown clothes , playing a college football fight song on untuned instruments .
... plays like somebody spliced random moments of a Chris Rock routine into what is otherwise a cliche-riddled but self-serious spy thriller .
... perhaps the heaviest , most joyless movie ever made about giant dragons taking over the world .
... performs is shot from behind , as if it could fool us into thinking that we 're not watching a double
... surprisingly inert for a movie in which the main character travels back and forth between epochs .
... sucks the humanity from the film , leaving behind an horrific but weirdly unemotional spectacle .
... stumbles over every cheap trick in the book trying to make the outrage come even easier .
... the film falls back on the same old formula of teen sex , outrageous pranks and scenes designed to push the envelope of bad taste for laughs .
... the chemistry or lack thereof between Newton and Wahlberg could turn an Imax theater into a 9 '' black and white portable TV .
... familiar and predictable , and 4\/5ths of it might as well have come from a Xerox machine rather than ( writer-director ) Franc .
... bibbidy-bobbidi-bland .
... are of course stultifyingly contrived and too stylized by half .
... although this idea is `` new '' the results are tired .
Despite an impressive roster of stars and direction from Kathryn Bigelow , The Weight of Water is oppressively heavy .
Despite engaging offbeat touches , Knockaround Guys rarely seems interested in kicking around a raison d'etre that 's as fresh-faced as its young-guns cast .
last-place basketball
late-night cable sexploitation
dies .
dies
didactic entertainment
did they not have the nerve to speak up
why , for instance , good things happen to bad people
be a bit too enigmatic and overly ambitious to be fully successful
be a bit of a cheat in the end
Remember when Bond had more glamour than clamor
the character 's blank-faced optimism
the central flaw
the central flaw of the film
I can believe this load of junk .
I ca n't think of a single good reason to see this movie , even though everyone in my group extemporaneously shouted , ` Thank you ! ' when Leguizamo finally plugged an irritating character late in the movie .
I ca n't quite recommend it -- it 's too patched together -- but I almost can ; it 's the kind of movie that makes you want to like it
I ca n't quite recommend it -- it 's too patched together -- but I almost can ;
I ca n't quite recommend it -- it 's too patched together -- but I almost can
I ca n't quite recommend it -- it 's too patched together --
I ca n't quite recommend it -- it 's too patched together
the thrall of a vicious hangover
replaced by goth goofiness
replaced by some dramatic scenes that are jarring and deeply out of place in what could
replete with the pubescent scandalous
replete with the pubescent scandalous innuendo
the thoughts and reflections coming through are torpid and banal
project comes across as clinical , detached , uninvolving , possibly prompting audience members to wonder , ` What 's the point ? '
slowest
slowly leaks out of the movie .
slugs the Yankee . Too bad the former Murphy Brown does n't pop Reese back .
The screenplay does too much meandering , Norton has to recite bland police procedural details , Fiennes wanders around in an attempt to seem weird and distanced , Hopkins looks like a drag queen .
The rest of the film ... is dudsville .
to keep this from being a complete waste of time
to justify the embarrassment of bringing a barf bag to the moviehouse
to keel over
will dip into your wallet , swipe 90 minutes of your time , and offer you precisely this in recompense : A few early laughs scattered around a plot as thin as it is repetitious
But it pays a price for its intricate intellectual gamesmanship .
projects the same lazy affability as its nominal star , David Arquette .
for future Hollywood sellouts
for grasping the coolness vibes when in fact the film is n't as flippant or slick as it thinks it is
for hemlock
Only about as sexy and dangerous as an actress in a role that reminds at every turn of Elizabeth Berkley 's flopping dolphin-gasm .
Only those most addicted to film violence
is no foundation for it
resembles anyone you 've ever met in real life , unless you happen to know annoyingly self-involved people who speak in glib sentences that could have only come from the pen of a screenwriter
resembles anyone you 've ever met in real life , unless you happen to know annoyingly self-involved people who speak in glib sentences that could have only come from the pen of a screenwriter .
complex , laden with plenty of baggage and
with lots of sloppiness
A generic bloodbath that often becomes laughably unbearable when it is n't merely offensive .
A generic bloodbath that often becomes
A full-frontal attack on audience patience
A generic bloodbath
A full-frontal attack on audience patience .
of stupidity , incoherence and sub-sophomoric sexual banter
viewers out in the cold and undermines some phenomenal performances .
of squandering a topnotch foursome of actors
of stupefying absurdity
is no entry portal in The Rules of Attraction
to send your regrets
the drowsy heaviness of synchronized swimmer
the dramatics that follow are utter hooey .
old-hat province
whether or not
whether we 're supposed to shriek
the ` ick ' in ` classic
the ` ick '
is completely lacking in charm and charisma , and
is completely lacking in charm and charisma , and is unable to project either Esther 's initial anomie or her eventual awakening
is completely lacking in charm and charisma , and is unable to project either Esther 's initial anomie or her eventual awakening .
is completely lacking in charm and charisma
is completely lacking in charm and charisma ,
thumbs down .
your film becomes boring ,
unholy hokum
undisciplined
unfilmable '' novels
overweight and out of shape
overweight and out
overused cocktail
overwhelm everything else
is to see two Academy Award winning actresses ( and one Academy Award winning actor ) succumb to appearing in this junk that 's TV sitcom material at best .
is n't as flippant or slick as it thinks it is
of hell so shattering it
of hard-bitten , cynical journalists
of grief and loss
of gun violence
tendentious
tendentious intervention
teen-speak and animal gibberish
its ambitions far exceed the abilities of writer Adam Larson Broder and his co-director , Tony R . Abrams , in their feature debut
of inexcusable dumb innocence
Eyre needs to take a good sweat to clarify his cinematic vision before his next creation and remember the lessons of the trickster spider .
F
of intense scrutiny for 104 minutes
the conventional science-fiction elements of bug-eyed monsters and futuristic women in skimpy clothes
of its assigned marks to take on any life of its own
the contrivances and overwrought emotion
the contrivances and overwrought emotion of soap
the conventional science-fiction elements of bug-eyed monsters
see a movie that takes such a speedy swan dive from '' promising '' to '' interesting '' to '' familiar '' before landing squarely on '' stupid ''
see a movie that takes such a speedy swan dive from ''
see a movie that takes such a speedy swan dive from
velocity represents everything wrong with '' independent film '' as a commodified , sold-out concept on the american filmmaking scene
focus-grouped into tedium
reporting on the number of tumbleweeds blowing through the empty theatres
reminds you that you could be doing something else far more pleasurable
reminds you that you could be doing something else far more pleasurable .
replaced by some dramatic scenes that are jarring and deeply out of place in what could have ( and probably should have ) been a lighthearted comedy
rendered tedious by Avary 's failure to construct a story with even a trace of dramatic interest
in not taking the Shakespeare parallels quite far enough
own fear and paranoia
It 's not a great monster movie . But
It 's not a great monster movie .
It 's only in fairy tales that princesses that are married for political reason live happily ever after .
in need of some trims and a more chemistry between its stars
see how many times they can work the words '' radical '' or '' suck
is so bad ,
is so bad , that it 's almost worth seeing because it 's so bad
is simply distasteful to audiences not already sharing ( the movie 's ) mindset .
is simply not an actor
is simply a lazy exercise in bad filmmaking that asks you to not only suspend your disbelief but your intelligence as well .
is simply distasteful to audiences not already sharing ( the movie 's ) mindset
is slight fare indeed , with the entire project having the feel of something tossed off quickly ( like one of Hubert 's punches )
is so bad
charmless and vacant
charmless nonsense ensues
anguish
while focusing on the what much more than the why .
Long Time Dead ? Not nearly long enough
Long Time Dead ? Not nearly long enough .
Delivers the same old same old , tarted up with Latin flava and turned out by Hollywood playas .
Delivers the same old same old
Delivers the same old
Deconstructionist theorizing
annoying
sloughs one 's way through the mire of this alleged psychological thriller in search of purpose or even a plot
remake Sleepless in Seattle again and again
sloughs one 's way
slovenly done , so primitive in technique , that it ca n't really be called animation
Sparse
slow ,
A pathetic exploitation film that tries to seem sincere , and just seems worse for the effort .
slow , predictable and
A one-trick pony whose few T&A bits still ca n't save itself from being unoriginal , unfunny and unrecommendable .
A one-trick pony whose few T&A bits
A painfully leaden film destined for pre-dawn cable television slots .
A painfully leaden film
A particularly joyless , and exceedingly dull , period
A pale Xerox of other , better crime movies .
A pathetic exploitation film
A particularly joyless , and exceedingly dull , period coming-of-age tale .
is about the art of ripping people off without ever letting them consciously know you have done so
Freddy Gets Molested by a Dog
Freddy Gets Molested
Frei 's control loosens in direct proportion to the amount of screen time he gives Nachtwey for self-analysis .
, their struggle is simply too ludicrous and borderline insulting .
, then knock yourself out and enjoy the big screen postcard that is a self-glorified Martin Lawrence lovefest .
worthless film
instead opts for a routine slasher film that was probably more fun to make than it is to sit through .
German cooking does not come readily to mind when considering the world 's best cuisine
Gets under the skin of a man who has just lost his wife
the-blanks with a tragic past
furiously ,
gangs
gangs , despite the gravity of its subject matter
's too long , too repetitive , and
's too long , too repetitive ,
's too interested in jerking off in all its Byzantine incarnations to bother pleasuring its audience
's too high a price to pay for a shimmering picture postcard
's too long , too repetitive
's too interested in jerking off in all its Byzantine incarnations to bother pleasuring its audience .
's too busy flying a lot of metaphoric flags
's too busy flying a lot of metaphoric flags .
's really just another Major League .
's serious , poetic , earnest and -- sadly -- dull .
's serious , poetic , earnest and -- sadly -- dull
with absurdly inappropriate ` comedy ' scenes
be credited with remembering his victims
play like a milquetoast movie of the week blown up for the big screen
play like the worst kind of Hollywood heart-string plucking
play like the worst kind of Hollywood heart-string plucking .
play off each other virtually to a stand-off
play off each other virtually to a stand-off ,
play off each other virtually to a stand-off , with the unfortunate trump card being the dreary mid-section of the film .
About the Benjamins evokes the bottom tier of blaxploitation flicks from the 1970s .
your typical majid majidi shoe-loving , crippled children
your typical majid majidi shoe-loving , crippled
, vicious and absurd
, unlikeable people
, unimaginative and derivative
did I miss something
did n't care as much for the story .
did n't care .
that cold-hearted snake
becomes something about how lame it is to try and evade your responsibilities
becomes more and more frustrating as the film goes on .
becomes more and more frustrating as the film goes on
becoming a postmodern joke , made creepy by its `` men in a sardine can '' warped
slipshod
slogged my way
slightly less so second quarter , and average second half
slightly unfulfilled
slogged my way through Clockstoppers
contrived and outlandish
contradiction
It may as well be called `` Jar-Jar Binks : The Movie . ''
The film 's plot may be shallow
The film 's messages of tolerance and diversity are n't particularly original , but
you do n't think ( Kissinger 's ) any more guilty of criminal activity than most contemporary statesmen
was unable to reproduce the special spark between the characters that made the first film such a delight .
you may decide it 's too high a price to pay for a shimmering picture postcard .
you mentally add Showtime to the pile of Hollywood dreck that represents nothing more than the art of the deal
the would-be surprises coming a mile away
you instantly know whodunit
shabby script
sham truths and routine
sham truths and routine `` indie '' filmmaking
sham truths and
shameless ` 70s blaxploitation shuck-and-jive sitcom
shameless self-caricature
of rot and hack
is sadly
is repellantly out of control
is repellantly out of control .
is repulsive and depressing
is repulsive and depressing .
The bodily function jokes are about what you 'd expect ,
can stomach the touchy-feely message
can sound so dull
can stumble sometimes
can tell you that there 's no other reason why anyone should bother remembering it
the slowest person in the audience
about whose fate it is hard to care
about thoroughly vacuous people
there 's nothing here that they could n't have done in half an hour
, sad dance
pure over-the-top trash
just feels generic , derivative and
just feels generic ,
just get messy anger , a movie as personal therapy
just how bad
just has too much on its plate to really stay afloat for its just under ninety minute running time .
own floundering way
hard and bitter
hard and bitter place
haranguing the wife in bad stage dialogue
hard pressed to retain their lunch
hard time
the wrong times
and the choking sense of hollow despair
feels like a suicide race
totally estranged from reality
total misfire
atonal estrogen opera
its overly complicated and derivative
its overly complicated and derivative screenplay
its munchausen-by-proxy mum
its overly complicated and derivative screenplay ,
its overly complicated and derivative screenplay , the glacier-paced direction and the stereotypical characters
Drop
ideas and awkwardness
Ghetto
compressed characterisations
Falsehoods pile up , undermining the movie 's reality and stifling its creator 's comic voice .
starts playing like general hospital crossed with a Saturday night live spoof of dog day afternoon
Strictly a ` guy 's film ' in the worst sense of the expression .
Stress ` dumb
Strident and inelegant
Strident and inelegant in its ` message-movie ' posturing
wacky sight gags , outlandish color schemes
bedevils the film from the very beginning
, irrational , long-suffering but cruel
scene-chewing
scare any sane person away
debut that smacks more of good intentions than talent
debases a concept comedy quite like the grinding of bad ideas
thematic mumbo jumbo
bland songs
bland murder-on-campus
bland hotels , highways , parking lots
bland hotels
) soulless
) meandering and pointless French coming-of-age import from writer-director Anne-Sophie Birot
( vainly , I think )
) characters are both overplayed and exaggerated
May cause you to bite your tongue to keep from laughing at the ridiculous dialog or the oh-so convenient plot twists .
Maybe it 's asking too much
May reawaken discussion of the Kennedy assassination but this fictional film looks made for cable rather than for the big screen .
the outside with a creamy filling of familial jealousy and unrepentant domestic psychopathy
, really , we 've been here , done that
, reads more like Driving Miss Daisy than GoodFellas
, rather than skip along the Seine , more or less slogs its way through soggy Paris , tongue uncomfortably in cheek .
, pun-laden dialogue
, prospective tourists might want to consider a different destination -- some jolly country embroiled in a bloody civil war , perhaps .
, profane and exploitative as the most offensive action flick you 've ever seen .
, pretentious version
, pretentious mess .
I had a lot of problems with this movie
I had a dream that a smart comedy would come along to rescue me from a summer of teen-driven , toilet-humor codswallop ,
's at stake , just a twisty double-cross you can smell a mile away
director Michael Dowse only superficially understands his characters
crap is what I was expecting
an anti-date movie is more like it
most tedious
most tedious scenes
's the butt of its own joke
's that painful
Kirshner and Monroe seem to be in a contest to see who can out-bad-act the other . ( Kirshner wins , but it 's close . )
a funny premise until the kids start pulling off stunts
a gag die
Weighted down with slow , uninvolving storytelling and flat acting .
Weighted down with slow , uninvolving storytelling and flat acting
Weighted down with slow , uninvolving storytelling and
Weighted down with slow , uninvolving storytelling
An ironic speculation
after the death of a child
after the phoniness of female-bonding pictures like Divine Secrets of the Ya-Ya Sisterhood
the cliché-riddled genre
the cliché-riddled genre can offer
winds up accomplishing neither in full , and
too enigmatic
scrutiny
Rare Birds ' tries to force its quirkiness upon the audience .
Rarely does a film so graceless and devoid of merit as this one come along .
Rarely has a film 's title served such dire warning .
Rarely has sex on screen been so aggressively anti-erotic .
Rather than real figures
Rather than real figures , Elling and Kjell Bjarne become symbolic characters whose actions are supposed to relate something about the naïf 's encounter with the world .
slightly pokey
angry and sad
anger .
angry and
perilously close to being too bleak , too pessimistic and too unflinching for its own good
You wo n't believe much of it
You wo n't like Roger
You might not want to hang out with Samantha
Jonah is only so-so
, but far too clunky , didactic and saddled with scenes that seem simply an ill fit
I have returned from the beyond to warn you
latently gay
's such a mechanical endeavor ( that ) it never bothers to question why somebody might devote time to see it .
's such a mechanical endeavor ( that ) it never bothers to question why somebody might devote time to see it
is also a pointed political allegory .
sit open-mouthed before the screen , not screaming but yawning
laughing at britney spears ' movie-starring debut whenever it does n't have you impatiently squinting at your watch
the feelings evoked in the film are lukewarm and quick to pass .
sit still for two hours and change watching such a character , especially when rendered in as flat and impassive a manner as Phoenix 's
this disappointed by a movie in a long time
to hope for any chance of enjoying this film is by lowering your expectations .
Treasure Planet maintains a brisk pace as it races through the familiar story . However , it lacks grandeur and that epic quality often associated with Stevenson 's tale as well as with earlier Disney efforts .
Trapped
harsh objectivity and refusal
this did n't connect with me would require another viewing
bargain-basement European pickup
about how lame
about gays in what is essentially an extended soap opera
conversations '' holds its goodwill close , but is relatively slow to come to the point
sad and rote exercise
sad decline
sad for Lise
sad schlock merchant
sad sitcom
sad state
Dialogue-heavy and too cerebral for its own good -- or , at any rate , too cerebral for its racy subject matter .
Scotland , Pa. is a strangely drab romp .
you think it ca n't get any more gay
be unaffected
gets the once-over once again in Gangster No . 1 , but falls apart long before the end
The intent is almost exactly the same ( as The Full Monty ) . All that 's missing is the spontaneity , originality and delight .
The intent is almost exactly the same ( as The Full Monty ) . All that 's missing is the spontaneity , originality and delight
may be a good half-hour too long
tiring
never reach satisfying conclusions
never quite justifies its own existence .
in store for moviegoers lured to the mediocrity that is Kung Pow : Enter the Fist
in sham actor workshops and an affected malaise
in situations that are n't funny
in sheer , unrelenting wretchedness
Jackass is a vulgar and cheap-looking version of Candid Camera staged for the Marquis de Sade set .
Jackson has done is proven that no amount of imagination , no creature , no fantasy story and no incredibly outlandish scenery
Jackass is a vulgar and
Jackass is a vulgar and cheap-looking version of Candid Camera staged for the Marquis de Sade set
we 're meant to buy that this doting mother would shun her kids , travel to one of the most dangerous parts of the world , don fatigues and become G . I . Jane .
we 're subjected to one mind-numbingly lengthy riff on poo and pee jokes after another
and horrid
and insecurity
all intertwined and far too complicated to keep track of
all he 's done is to reduce everything he touches to a shrill , didactic cartoon
all in all it 's a lot less sensational than it wants to be
all hope , ye who enter here
a real-life , big-budget NC-17 version
a real-life , big-budget NC-17 version of Tank Girl
put together by some cynical creeps at Revolution Studios and Imagine Entertainment to make the suckers out there surrender $ 9 and 93 minutes of unrecoverable life .
a real director and good writers for the next installment
a real downer
a real downer ?
Technically , the film is about as interesting as an insurance commercial .
Ted Bundy 's only justification is the director 's common but unexplored fascination with the frustrated maniac
Ted Bundy 's only justification
putrid it is not worth the price of the match that should be used to burn every print of the film .
into this hard and bitter place
into this project than it deserves
into too many pointless situations
into torpor
into unsophisticated scare tactics and B-film thuggery
into what is otherwise a cliche-riddled but self-serious spy thriller
serious re-working to show more of the dilemma , rather than have his characters stage shouting
this equally derisive clunker is fixated on the spectacle of small-town competition .
will find little new here
empty
ends up slapping its target audience in the face by shooting itself in the foot
the definition of a ` bad ' police shooting
just ca n't get no satisfaction
just another kung-fu sci-fi movie
just another bad movie .
yahoo-ing death shows
just copies
comedy and even dimmer characters
come up with something even quasi-original , when you can pillage from Shirley Jackson , Richard Matheson ... and puke up something like ROSE RED ?
come up with something even quasi-original , when you can pillage from Shirley Jackson , Richard Matheson ... and puke up something like ROSE RED
comedy Death
illustrating the demons bedevilling the modern masculine journey
ignore but a little too smugly superior to like
ignore
's really sad
's really nothing more than warmed-over Cold War paranoia
's replaced by some dramatic scenes that are jarring and deeply out of place in what could
's routine is offensive , puerile and unimaginatively foul-mouthed if it was at least funny
's repetitive arguments , schemes and treachery
time-vaulting literary pretension
best be enjoyed as a daytime soaper .
as visually bland as a dentist 's waiting room
that this film does but feels less repetitive
There 's nothing remotely topical or sexy here .
There 's nothing interesting in Unfaithful whatsoever .
There 's nothing to gain from watching They . It is n't scary . It hates its characters .
of tastelessness and gall
With the exception of some fleetingly amusing improvisations by Cedric the Entertainer as Perry 's boss , there is n't a redeeming moment here .
There 's nothing to gain from watching They .
With its hints of a greater intelligence lurking somewhere , The Ring makes its stupidity more than obvious .
With its hints of a greater intelligence lurking somewhere , The Ring makes its stupidity more than obvious . It 's painful .
With jump cuts , fast editing and lots of pyrotechnics , Yu clearly hopes to camouflage how bad his movie is . He fails .
With minimal imagination
With minimal imagination , you could restage the whole thing in your bathtub .
This rough trade Punch-and-Judy act did n't play well then
to viewers looking for nothing
This picture is murder by numbers , and as easy to be bored by as your ABC 's , despite a few whopping shootouts .
This pathetic junk is barely an hour long . Nevertheless , it still seems endless .
This pathetic junk
This painfully unfunny farce traffics in tired stereotypes and encumbers itself with complications ... that have no bearing on the story .
This romantic\/comedy asks the question how much souvlaki can you take before indigestion sets in .
This rather unfocused , all-over-the-map movie would be a lot better if it pared down its plots and characters to a few rather than dozens ... or if it were subtler ... or if it had a sense of humor .
This rather unfocused
see Recoing 's bizzarre reaction
of Chan . Make Chan 's action sequences boring
second , what 's with all the shooting ?
art house pretension .
Places a slightly believable love triangle in a difficult-to-swallow setting , and
a big corner office in Hell
liven up its predictable story and will leave even
Crackerjack
vengeance
a problem Hollywood too long has ignored
comes along to remind us of how very bad a motion picture can truly be . Frank McKlusky C . I .
comes along to remind us of how very bad a motion picture can truly be . Frank McKlusky C . I
comes across as both shallow and dim-witted
comes along that is so insanely stupid , so awful in so many ways that watching it leaves you giddy . Half Past Dead is just such an achievement
filmed directly from a television monitor
film which suffers from a lackluster screenplay
unsettling subject matter
unsettling to watch as an exploratory medical procedure or an autopsy
unstable
pallid
pandering
pallid horror
paints - of a culture in conflict with itself
wo n't get through this frankly fantastical by-the-numbers b-flick with just a suspension of disbelief . rather
cynical and condescending
Any movie this boring
be warned , you too may feel time has decided to stand still
not-great movie
Any rock pile will do for a set . Reign of Fire has the disadvantage of also looking cheap .
a jarring , new-agey tone creeping into the second half
a husband has to cope with the pesky moods of jealousy
either 11 times too many or else too few
effort to disguise it as an unimaginative screenwriter 's invention
effects that are more silly than scary
egregiously
egregiously short
either 11 times too many or else
poorly written
poorly written , murky and weakly acted
poorly written , murky and weakly acted , the picture feels as if everyone making it lost their movie mojo .
DOA dud
DOA dud from frame one
, loud , painful , obnoxious
, lifeless , meandering , loud , painful , obnoxious
, look at that clever angle ! Wow , a jump cut !
Considering the harsh locations and demanding stunts , this must have been a difficult shoot , but the movie proves rough going for the audience as well .
crippled by poor casting .
Consists of a plot and jokes done too often by people far more talented than Ali G
One long , numbing action sequence made up mostly of routine stuff Yuen has given us before .
It wo n't rock any boats
It risks seeming slow and pretentious , because it thinks the gamble is worth the promise .
amounts to little more than punishment .
amounts to little more than punishment
amid the deliberate , tiresome ugliness
spit
spit out the screenplay
spit out
spitting
recommended -- as visually bland as a dentist 's waiting room , complete with soothing Muzak and
recommended -- as visually bland as a dentist 's waiting room , complete with soothing Muzak
recommended -- as visually bland as a dentist 's waiting room ,
recommended -- as visually bland as a dentist 's waiting room
Great story , bad idea for a movie
attempts to do too many things in this story about ethics , payola , vice , murder , kids ' TV and revenge .
I 'm sorry to say that this should seal the deal - Arnold is not , nor will he be , back
I 'm not sure which is worse : the poor acting by the ensemble cast , the flat dialogue by Vincent R . Nebrida or the gutless direction by Laurice Guillen .
I 'm left slightly disappointed that it did n't .
I 'm not sure which will take longer to heal : the welt on Johnny Knoxville 's stomach from a riot-control projectile or my own tortured psyche .
I 'm giving it thumbs down due to the endlessly repetitive scenes of embarrassment .
I 'm convinced I could keep a family of five blind , crippled , Amish people alive in this situation better than these British soldiers do at keeping themselves kicking .
I 'm giving it thumbs down due to the endlessly repetitive scenes of embarrassment . There 's got to be a more graceful way of portraying the devastation of this disease .
the meaning of the word ` quit . '
hastily dubbed
has-been
has virtually nothing to show
has-been acting
has turned out to be a one-trick pony
has usually been leavened by a charm that 's conspicuously missing from the Girls ' big-screen blowout .
is nothing but a convenient conveyor belt of brooding personalities that parade about as if they were coming back from Stock Character camp -- a drowsy drama infatuated by its own pretentious self-examination
Flaunts its quirky excesses like a New Year 's Eve drunk sporting a paper party hat .
It 's just hard to believe that a life like this can sound so dull .
It 's just incredibly dull .
It 's just plain lurid when it is n't downright silly .
It 's just disappointingly superficial --
It 's just disappointingly superficial -- a movie that has all the elements necessary to be a fascinating , involving character study , but never does more than scratch the surface
It 's just disappointingly superficial -- a movie that has all the elements necessary to be a fascinating , involving character study , but never does more than scratch the surface .
It 's just filler
bored or
is really , really stupid
is really , really stupid .
is put in an impossible spot because his character 's deceptions ultimately undo him
is pretty weary
is rather pretentious
is rather unexceptional
is quite possibly the sturdiest example yet of why the DV revolution has cheapened the artistry of making a film .
is a bomb
is a case of too many chefs fussing over too weak a recipe
irreconcilable
is , it 's too long and unfocused
irresponsible
irritating
The movie 's messages are quite admirable , but the story is just too clichéd and too often strains credulity .
The movie 's messages are quite admirable , but the story is just too clichéd and too often strains credulity
The movie 's downfall is to substitute plot for personality .
The most repugnant adaptation of a classic text since Roland Joffé and Demi Moore 's The Scarlet Letter .
strip it of all its excess debris , and you 'd have a 90-minute , four-star movie . as it is , it 's too long and unfocused
linking the massacre
will wind up as glum as Mr . De Niro
will take longer to heal : the welt on Johnny Knoxville 's stomach from a riot-control projectile or my own tortured psyche
will wear thin on all
dumb entertainment
dumb excuse
dumb .
dumb action movie
dumb action-movie standards
dumb characters
dull-witted and disquietingly creepy
dullards .
dullness
have the antiseptic , preprogrammed feel of an after-school special .
have the antiseptic , preprogrammed feel of an after-school special
have the virtue of enough mindless violence to break up the tedium of all its generational bonding
have to be this dumb
have to be really dumb not to see where this is going
satisfy those who ca n't tell the difference between the good , the bad and the ugly
satirical documentary that fudges facts
while there 's likely very little crossover appeal to those without much interest in the elizabethans ( as well as rank frustration from those in the know about rubbo 's dumbed-down tactics ) , much ado about something
slump
small ' movie
This is a great subject for a movie , but Hollywood has squandered the opportunity , using it as a prop for warmed-over melodrama and the kind of choreographed mayhem that director John Woo has built his career on .
This is a great subject for a movie , but Hollywood has squandered the opportunity , using it as a prop for warmed-over melodrama and the kind of choreographed mayhem that director John Woo has built his career on
World Traveler gave me no reason to care
appeal to No One
apparently takes place in a fantasy world where people in hotel hallways recite poetry in voice-over instead of speaking to each other .
apparently believe that women 's clothing can cover up any deficiency in acting , writing or direction
Queen of the Damned as you might have guessed , makes sorry use of Aaliyah in her one and only starring role -- she does little here but point at things that explode into flame .
Quick : who wants to see a comedy about shoddy airport security ?
while howard 's appreciation of brown and his writing is clearly well-meaning and sincere , the movie would be impossible to sit through were it
Sluggish ,
Sluggish , tonally uneven
bus wreck
burns out
burly action flick where one coincidence pummels another
burn out of your brain
as some of the recent Hollywood trip tripe
as spoof takes itself too seriously
as tawdry trash
director Chris Columbus takes a hat-in-hand approach to Rowling that stifles creativity and allows the film to drag on for nearly three hours .
World Traveler might not go anywhere new , or arrive anyplace special ,
truly bad
there surrender $ 9 and
of ` ethnic cleansing
The X potion gives the quickly named Blossom , Bubbles and Buttercup supernatural powers that include extraordinary strength and laser-beam eyes , which unfortunately do n't enable them to discern flimsy screenplays .
The Weight of Water uses water as a metaphor for subconscious desire , but this leaky script barely stays afloat .
The Weight of Water uses water as a metaphor for subconscious desire , but this leaky script barely stays afloat
It 's also not smart or barbed enough for older viewers -- not everyone thinks poo-poo jokes are ` edgy .
It 's also not smart or barbed enough for older viewers -- not everyone thinks poo-poo jokes are ` edgy
of the usual maudlin
Hollywood has squandered the opportunity , using it as a prop for warmed-over melodrama and the kind of choreographed mayhem that director John Woo has built his career on
Hollywood dreck
disappear as quickly as an ice cube thrown into a pot of boiling water
disappointed as each overwrought new sequence
disappointed .
disappointingly moves the story into the realm of an improbable thriller
disappointingly thin
disappointingly superficial
Romanek keeps adding flourishes -- artsy fantasy sequences -- that simply feel wrong .
at your neighbor 's garage sale
to '' familiar '' before landing squarely on '' stupid ''
call The Good Girl a date movie ( an anti-date movie is more like it )
concentrates far too much
computer-generated cold fish
The high-concept scenario soon proves preposterous , the acting is robotically italicized , and truth-in-advertising hounds take note :
The high-concept scenario soon proves preposterous , the acting is robotically italicized , and truth-in-advertising hounds take note
's not much going on in this movie unless you simply decide to buy into the notion that something inexplicably strange once happened in Point Pleasant .
know whether it wants to be a suspenseful horror movie or a weepy melodrama
know why Steven Seagal is considered a star , nor why he keeps being cast in action films when none of them are ever any good or make any money
Though its rather routine script is loaded with familiar situations
Though it pretends to expose the life of male hustlers
Though it pretends to expose the life of male hustlers , it 's exploitive without being insightful .
a bad premise
a bad movie
trashy teen-sleaze equivalent
Downright transparent is the script 's endless assault of embarrassingly ham-fisted sex jokes that reek of a script rewrite designed to garner the film a `` cooler '' PG-13 rating .
are hopelessly overshadowed
tawdry
of the jokes , most at women 's expense
of one 's patience to get to the good stuff
taylor appears to have blown his entire budget on soundtrack rights and had nothing left over for jokes
Saddled with an unwieldy cast of characters and angles ,
the film does not make this statement in an easily accessible way , and
Blair Witch video-cam footage
Blade II starts off as a wild hoot and then sucks the blood out
Black-and-white and unrealistic .
Bland but harmless .
Bland
At once half-baked and overheated .
MTV schmucks
At first , the sight of a blind man directing a film is hilarious , but as the film goes on , the joke wears thin
At its best , Queen is campy fun like the Vincent Price horror classics of the '60s . At its worst , it implodes in a series of very bad special effects .
At first , the sight of a blind man directing a film is hilarious , but as the film goes on , the joke wears thin .
At least one scene is so disgusting that viewers may be hard pressed to retain their lunch
At its worst , it implodes in a series of very bad special effects
been any easier to sit through than this hastily dubbed disaster
been allowed to get wet , fuzzy and sticky
been all but decommissioned
she does n't bother to make her heroine 's book sound convincing , the gender-war ideas original , or the comic scenes fly
Fancy a real downer ? ( Leigh ) lays it on so thick this time that it feels like a suicide race .
from Hollywood
peopled mainly by characters so unsympathetic that you 're left with a sour taste in your mouth
But he loses his focus when he concentrates on any single person .
by a pack of dogs who are smarter than him
by a noticeable lack of pace
by a badly handled screenplay of what is really an amusing concept -- a high-tech tux that transforms its wearer into a superman
This film biggest problem
This dubious product of a college-spawned ( Colgate U. ) comedy ensemble known as Broken Lizard plays like a mix of Cheech and Chong and CHiPs .
This film biggest problem ?
Yet another genre exercise , Gangster No . 1 is as generic as its title .
Yet another entry in the sentimental oh-those-wacky-Brits genre that was ushered in by The Full Monty and is still straining to produce another smash hit .
Yet another Arnold vehicle that fails to make adequate use of his particular talents .
Chaotic , self-indulgent and remarkably ugly to look at , it 's ... like a series of pretentiously awful student films strung together into one feature-length horror .
Characters still need to function according to some set of believable and comprehensible impulses , no matter how many drugs they do or how much artistic license Avary employs .
Characters wander into predictably treacherous situations even though they should know better .
to be consumed and forgotten
seen on the big screen before
to be as heartily sick of mayhem as Cage 's war-weary marine
Devotees of Star Trek II : The Wrath of Khan will feel a nagging sense of deja vu
the necessary self-control to guide a loose , poorly structured film through the pitfalls of incoherence and redundancy
skip will be two hours gained
skip it
skinny dip in Jerry Bruckheimer 's putrid pond of retread action twaddle .
skullduggery and
Is it a comedy ?
Is there a group of more self-absorbed women than the mother and daughters featured in this film ?
Is there a group of more self-absorbed women than the mother and daughters featured in this film
Devotees of Star Trek II : The Wrath of Khan will feel a nagging sense of deja vu ,
A boring , pretentious muddle that uses a sensational , real-life 19th-Century crime as a metaphor for -- well , I 'm not exactly sure what -- and has all the dramatic weight of a raindrop
of boring talking heads , etc.
of borrowed plot points
extremely bad
up in The Twist that it chokes the energy right out of the very audience it seeks to frighten
, one could rent the original and get the same love story and parable .
Predictable and
the massacre
Potty-mouthed enough
the best advice is : ` Scooby ' do n't .
; not the Craven of ' A Nightmare on Elm Street ' or ` The Hills Have Eyes , '
's a pedestrian , flat drama that screams out ` amateur ' in almost every frame .
's a mouse , for cryin ' out loud
's a long time before the fat lady sings
's a lot less sensational than it wants to be
's a movie that emphasizes style over character and substance
's a pedestrian , flat drama that screams out ` amateur ' in almost every frame
's a movie forged in the fires of Chick Flick Hell
's a movie forged in the fires of Chick Flick Hell .
have ( and probably should have ) been a lighthearted comedy
have a bad , bad , bad movie
I still ca n't relate to Stuart : He 's a mouse , for cryin ' out loud , and all he does is milk it with despondent eyes and whine that nobody treats him human enough
have a case of masochism and an hour and a half
have a case of masochism and an hour and a half to blow
on the young woman 's infirmity and her naive dreams
on the worst revenge-of-the-nerds clichés the filmmakers could dredge up
a gawky actor
viewing . The innate theatrics that provide its thrills and extreme emotions lose their luster when flattened onscreen
vignettes which only prove that ` zany ' does n't necessarily mean ` funny
vile , incoherent mess
villainous father
violated
violence overshadows everything
of monster truck-loving good ol' boys and peroxide blond honeys whose worldly knowledge comes from TV reruns and supermarket tabloids
should be filling the screen with this tortured , dull artist and monster-in-the
treachery
the long-faced sad sack
To imagine the life of Harry Potter as a martial arts adventure told by a lobotomized Woody Allen is to have some idea of the fate that lies in store for moviegoers lured to the mediocrity that is Kung Pow : Enter the Fist .
To say this was done better in Wilder 's Some Like It Hot is like saying the sun rises in the east .
as the cinematic equivalent of high humidity
as the chatter of parrots raised on Oprah
as the film lacks momentum and its position remains mostly undeterminable
failing , ultimately
have really hit the skids
have really hit the skids .
have preferred a transfer down the hall to Mr . Holland 's class for the music , or to Robin Williams 's lecture so I could listen to a teacher with humor , passion , and verve
have pulled off four similar kidnappings before
have saved the film is with the aid of those wisecracking Mystery Science Theater 3000 guys
both repulsively sadistic and mundane
both sitcomishly predictable and cloying
both sitcomishly predictable and cloying in its attempts
exasperated by a noticeable lack of pace . Or both
, it never took off and always seemed static .
, it lacks grandeur
failing , ultimately , to make something bigger out of its scrapbook of oddballs
insufferable ball
selfish , wound-licking , bar-scrapping doggedness
selfish
provides the forgettable pleasures of a Saturday matinee
his mainly nonprofessional cast
his own idiosyncratic strain
the sogginess
seems to be coasting .
seems to be missing a great deal of the acerbic repartee of the play . ''
dishonest
dishonest and
disguised as a war tribute is disgusting to begin with
disgusting to begin with
disguise the fact
disguise the fact that it 's inauthentic at its core and that its story just is n't worth telling
disgrace it ,
disgrace
disgrace it
are in tatters
are married for political reason
vulgarity , sex scenes , and
unmemorable filler .
vulgarity
vulgarity , sex scenes
camouflaging grotesque narcissism
cameos do not automatically equal laughs . And neither do cliches , no matter how ` inside ' they are
is long on glamour and short on larger moralistic consequences ,
none of it makes a lick of sense
starts off as a wild hoot and then sucks the blood out
stay away
stay away .
this turkey rotting from miles away
The movie has no respect for laws , political correctness or common decency , but
feels more like a quickie TV special than a feature film
feels not only manufactured , but also so false you can see the filmmakers ' puppet strings
feels significantly longer
feels significantly longer than its relatively scant 97 minutes
feels twice as long
feels unfocused and underdeveloped
feels unfocused and underdeveloped .
feels unsure
feels unsure .
some staggeringly boring cinema
pushes too hard to make this a comedy or serious drama
pushes too hard to make this a comedy or serious drama .
pushes for insights beyond the superficial tensions of the dynamic he 's dissecting
pushes too hard
The movie has no respect for laws , political correctness or common decency ,
as bad as its trailers
as bad a film
as blasphemous and nonsensical
as blasphemous and nonsensical as a Luis Buñuel film
as being 51 times stronger than coke
The film has a nearly terminal case of the cutes , and it 's neither as funny nor as charming as it thinks it is
The film has ( its ) moments , but they are few and far between
The film has ( its ) moments , but they are few and far between .
The film has a nearly terminal case of the cutes , and it 's neither as funny nor as charming as it thinks it is .
The film has the thrown-together feel of a summer-camp talent show : hastily written , underrehearsed , arbitrarily plotted and filled with crude humor and vulgar innuendo .
long and relentlessly saccharine film
long and relentlessly saccharine
Some movies were made for the big screen , some for the small screen , and some , like Ballistic : Ecks vs. Sever , were made for the palm screen
Some movies were made for the big screen , some for the small screen , and some , like Ballistic : Ecks vs. Sever , were made for the palm screen .
Everyone connected to this movie seems to be part of an insider clique , which tends to breed formulaic films rather than fresh ones .
Everyone 's to blame here .
Constantly slips from the grasp of its maker .
weird resonances
like you were n't invited to the party
like whether compromise is the death of self ... this Orgasm ( wo n't be an ) exceedingly memorable one for most people
like whether compromise is the death of self ... this Orgasm ( wo n't be an ) exceedingly memorable one for most people .
like you 're watching an iceberg melt -- only
, Eight Crazy Nights is a total misfire .
Maybe it 's the star power of the cast or the redundant messages , but something aboul `` Full Frontal '' seems , well , contrived
Crummy .
Crummy
A Frankenstein mishmash that careens from dark satire to cartoonish slapstick
A Blair Witch - style adventure that plays like a bad soap opera , with passable performances from everyone in the cast .
A Blair Witch - style adventure that plays like a bad soap opera , with passable performances from everyone in the cast
A 93-minute condensation of a 26-episode TV series , with all of the pitfalls of such you 'd expect .
Maybe LeBlanc thought , `` Hey , the movie about the baseball-playing monkey was worse . ''
, the potency wanes dramatically
, the plot 's saccharine thrust
the intellectual and emotional pedigree of your date and a giant step backward for a director I admire
's no excuse for following up a delightful , well-crafted family film with a computer-generated cold fish .
's no fizz
's no excuse for following up a delightful , well-crafted family film with a computer-generated cold fish
's no mistaking the fact that this hybrid misses the impact of the Disney classic , and even that of the excellent 1934 MGM version .
's no other reason why anyone should bother remembering it
's no larger point , and little social context
's no mistaking the fact that this hybrid misses the impact of the Disney classic , and even that of the excellent 1934 MGM version
's no palpable chemistry between Lopez and male lead Ralph Fiennes
's no saving the movie . Sorry , Charlie
are films that try the patience of even the most cinema-besotted critic -- and this was one of them
are films that try the patience of even the most cinema-besotted critic -- and this was one of them .
are fleshed-out enough to build any interest
lacks it .
lacks it
are getting irritating
lacks even the most fragmented charms I have found in almost all of his previous works .
lacks even the most fragmented charms I have found in almost all of his previous works
lacks aspirations of social upheaval
lacks any real raw emotion , which is fatal for a film that relies on personal relationships .
lacks both a purpose and a strong pulse
lacks aspirations of social upheaval .
will filmmakers copy the '' Saving Private Ryan '' battle scenes before realizing Steven Spielberg got it right the first time
, the script gives him little to effectively probe Lear 's soul-stripping breakdown .
will find their humor-seeking dollars best spent elsewhere
, the satire is weak .
But it has an ambition to say something about its subjects , but not a willingness .
But it could have been worse .
But it does n't leave you with much .
But it was n't .
pay reparations to viewers
pay your $ 8 and get ready for the big shear
Nothing plot-wise is worth e-mailing home about .
on a scorchingly plotted dramatic scenario for its own good
on a marquee , especially when the payoff is an unschooled comedy like Stealing Harvard , which fails to keep 80 minutes from seeming like 800
Nothing more than a widget cranked out on an assembly line to see if stupid Americans will get a kick out of goofy Brits with cute accents performing ages-old slapstick and unfunny tricks .
that do little to disguise the fact that the characters barely move
sulky teen drama
that discourages American audiences from ever wanting to see another foreign film
that did not figure out a coherent game
This is Sandler running on empty , repeating what he 's already done way too often .
This insufferable movie is meant to make you think about existential suffering . Instead , it 'll only put you to sleep .
This hastily mounted production exists only to capitalize on Hopkins ' inclination to play Hannibal Lecter again , even though Harris has no immediate inclination to provide a fourth book .
This franchise has not spawned a single good film . The crap continues .
This insufferable movie is meant to make you think about existential suffering . Instead
This insufferable movie
, paralyzed
, overused cocktail
, painful improbability
sulky teen drama and
's as if you 're watching a movie that was made in 1978 but not released then because it was so weak , and it has been unearthed and released now , when it has become even weaker
let 's get this thing over with
's as if De Palma spent an hour setting a fancy table and then served up Kraft Macaroni and Cheese
's another video movie photographed like a film , with the bad lighting that 's often written off as indie film naturalism
's another stale , kill-by-numbers flick , complete with blade-thin characters and terrible , pun-laden dialogue .
Christ
so enamored of her own creation
so dumb and
so dumb
so dumb and so exploitative in its violence
so devoid of realism
so dull
so disgusting
, bile , and irony
, barely begins to describe the plot and its complications .
forced to endure three terminally depressed , mostly inarticulate , hyper dysfunctional families for the price of one
, bombastic and ultimately empty World War II action
, bordering on offensive , waste of time , money and celluloid .
forced and overwritten
forced and heavy-handed , and occasionally simply unpleasant
commercialism all in the same movie
on offensive , waste of time , money and celluloid
, and all the Pabst Blue Ribbon beer
sexy , violent , self-indulgent and maddening
A dull , inconsistent , dishonest female bonding picture .
A dull , inconsistent , dishonest female bonding
A dull , simple-minded and stereotypical tale of drugs
A dull , simple-minded and stereotypical tale
A dull , dumb and derivative horror
A dull , dumb and derivative horror film .
A dull , dumb and derivative horror film
A dull , simple-minded and stereotypical tale of drugs , death and mind-numbing indifference on the inner-city streets
A dull , simple-minded and stereotypical tale of drugs ,
further Oprahfication
fussy
of elephant feces
of emotional desperation
stifling morality tale
Though an important political documentary , this does not really make the case the Kissinger should be tried as a war criminal .
Though intrepid in exploring an attraction that crosses sexual identity , Ozpetek falls short in showing us Antonia 's true emotions ... But
It goes on for too long and bogs down in a surfeit of characters and unnecessary subplots .
has in fact come closer than anyone could desire to the cheap , graceless , hackneyed sci-fi serials of the '30s and '40s
It has the requisite faux-urban vibe and hotter-two-years-ago rap and R&B names and references .
one implausible situation to another
the process that produced such a script , but here 's guessing that spray cheese and underarm noises played a crucial role
the project comes across as clinical , detached , uninvolving , possibly prompting audience members to wonder , ` What 's the point ? '
random and inconclusive
rancid crème brûlée
is fuhgeddaboutit .
is forced and heavy-handed , and occasionally simply unpleasant
is forced and heavy-handed , and occasionally simply unpleasant .
is forced to endure three terminally depressed , mostly inarticulate , hyper dysfunctional families for the price of one
is forced to endure three terminally depressed , mostly inarticulate , hyper dysfunctional families for the price of one .
is forgettable
that mandates that you avoid the godzilla sized soda
very ugly ,
very ugly , very fast
a mess of mixed messages , over-blown drama and Bruce Willis
a mildly funny , sometimes tedious , ultimately insignificant
a middle-aged moviemaker 's attempt to surround himself with beautiful , half-naked women
a milquetoast movie of the week blown up for the big screen
a milquetoast movie
a mindless action flick with a twist -- far better suited to video-viewing than the multiplex
a mindless action flick
markedly inactive
marginal characters
to watch witherspoon 's talents wasting away inside unnecessary films like legally blonde and sweet home abomination , i mean , alabama
to wonder , ` what 's the point ? '
that , quite simply , should n't have been made
that 's too loud , too goofy and too short of an attention span
that 's where this film should have remained
that 's unfocused and tediously exasperating
that , if it were a person , you 'd want to smash its face in
that , by the end , no one in the audience or the film seems to really care
as bored
as best you can with a stuttering script
as bestial
as being 51 times stronger than coke . If you 're looking for a tale of Brits behaving badly , watch Snatch again . It 's 51 times better than this
as bad as you think , and worse than you can imagine
as bad at it is cruel
as bad as you think ,
as bad as you think , and
the worst , thanks to the topical issues it raises , the performances of Stewart and Hardy
should clue you in on how bad the movie is .
farcically
farcically bawdy
far too cliched
far-fetched
fart
any more guilty of criminal activity than most contemporary statesmen
and social commentary
of a Down video
a waterlogged equivalent
a waterlogged equivalent of a haunted-house movie
a weak movie
maybe because it echoes the by now intolerable morbidity of so many recent movies
take its sweet time to get wherever it 's going
inextricably stuck in an emotionally unavailable rut
inexpressive
recite bland police procedural details , Fiennes wanders around
recite bland police procedural details , Fiennes wanders around in an attempt
recite bland police procedural details , Fiennes wanders
inert sci-fi action thriller .
inert sci-fi action thriller
inevitably lead to a joke about Hawn 's breasts , which constantly threaten to upstage the woman sporting them .
inexorable
Bond-inspired ? Certainly . Likely to have decades of life as a classic movie franchise ? Let 's hope not .
Borstal Boy is n't especially realistic
Borstal Boy represents the worst kind of filmmaking , the kind that pretends to be passionate and truthful but is really frustratingly timid and soggy .
stroked , luridly coloured , uni-dimensional nonsense machine that strokes the eyeballs while it evaporates like so much crypt mist in the brain
ultimate blame
Mr . Haneke 's own sadistic tendencies toward his audience
Mr . Hartley 's distended pace and foot-dragging rhythms follow
Mr . Montias is n't nearly as good to his crew as he is as a director or actor .
is pathetic
is painful to watch
is painfully formulaic and stilted .
is overshadowed by the uberviolence of the Clericks as this becomes just another kung-fu sci-fi movie with silly action sequences .
is overwhelmed by predictability
is overblown in its plotting , hackneyed in its dialogue and anachronistic in its style .
is overshadowed by the uberviolence of the Clericks as this becomes just another kung-fu sci-fi movie with silly action sequences
Skins has a desolate air
is n't even halfway
At once overly old-fashioned in its sudsy plotting
At every opportunity to do something clever , the film goes right over the edge and kills every sense of believability
At every opportunity to do something clever , the film goes right over the edge and kills every sense of believability ...
At every opportunity to do something clever , the film goes right over the edge and kills every sense of believability ... all you have left
At every opportunity to do something clever , the film goes right over the edge and kills every sense of believability ... all you have left is a no-surprise series of explosions and violence while Banderas looks like he 's not trying to laugh at how bad it
At best this is a film for the under-7 crowd . But it would be better to wait for the video . And a very rainy day .
The most remarkable ( and frustrating ) thing
, and damn the consequences
a collective heart attack
a comedy ? A drama ? A romance ?
Flounders due to the general sense that no two people working on the production had exactly the same thing in mind .
Flounders
Flotsam in the sea of moviemaking , not big enough for us to worry about it causing significant harm and not smelly enough to bother despising
Flotsam in the sea of moviemaking , not big enough for us to worry about it causing significant harm and not smelly enough to bother despising .
Flotsam in the sea of moviemaking ,
Foolish
Foolish Choices
Five screenwriters are credited with the cliché-laden screenplay ;
Five screenwriters are credited with the cliché-laden screenplay
Five screenwriters are credited with the cliché-laden screenplay ; it seems as if each watered down the version of the one before .
Five screenwriters are credited with the cliché-laden screenplay ; it seems as if each watered down the version of the one before
First-timer John McKay is never able to pull it back on course .
A wretched movie that reduces the Second World War to one man 's quest to find an old flame .
A wretched movie that reduces the Second World War to one man
A wretched movie
like nothing quite so much as a middle-aged moviemaker 's attempt to surround himself with beautiful , half-naked women
like pieces a bunch of other , better movies slapped together .
Swiftly deteriorates into a terribly obvious melodrama and rough-hewn vanity project for lead actress Andie MacDowell .
like running out screaming
the film falls back on the same old formula of teen sex , outrageous pranks and scenes designed to push the envelope of bad taste for laughs .
the film flounders when it comes to giving them something to do
the film feels like a low-budget TV pilot that could not find a buyer to play it on the tube .
the film feels more like a series of toasts at a testimonial dinner than a documentary
the film has not a trace of humanity or empathy
The acting is amateurish , the cinematography is atrocious , the direction is clumsy , the writing is insipid and the violence is at once luridly graphic and laughably unconvincing
The acting is amateurish , the cinematography is atrocious , the direction is clumsy , the writing is insipid and the violence is at once luridly graphic and laughably unconvincing .
The acting is amateurish , the cinematography is atrocious , the direction is clumsy , the writing is insipid
The acting is amateurish , the cinematography is atrocious , the direction is clumsy , the writing is insipid and
The acting is amateurish , the cinematography is atrocious , the direction is clumsy
The acting is amateurish , the cinematography is atrocious , the direction is clumsy ,
The acting is amateurish , the cinematography is atrocious
The acting is amateurish , the cinematography is atrocious ,
Insomnia
If there 's nothing fresh about Wannabes , which was written by Mr . DeMeo , who produced and directed the film with Charles A . Addessi , much of the time
the consciousness-raising lessons are cloaked in gross-out gags .
too erotic nor
uncertain
too erotic
too erotic nor very thrilling
too long
seen the release of some of the worst film comedies in decades
this Antonio Banderas-Lucy Liu faceoff . It 's still terrible
to imagine anybody ever being `` in the mood '' to view a movie as harrowing and painful as The Grey Zone
explode obnoxiously into 2,500 screens while something of Bubba Ho-Tep 's clearly evident quality may end up languishing on a shelf somewhere
to ignore the fact that Hollywood is n't laughing with us , folks
explode obnoxiously into 2,500 screens
expect much more
expect much more from a talent as outstanding as director Bruce McCulloch
what kind of sewage
City by the Sea is a gritty police thriller with all the dysfunctional family dynamics one could wish for . But how it washed out despite all of that is the project 's prime mystery
City by the Sea is a gritty police thriller with all the dysfunctional family dynamics one could wish for . But how it washed out despite all of that is the project 's prime mystery .
Claims to sort the bad guys from the good , which is its essential problem .
are about a half dozen young Turks angling to see how many times they can work the words `` radical '' or `` suck '' into a sentence
are a few modest laughs , but certainly no thrills .
questions cinema 's capability for recording truth
he 's spiffing up leftovers that are n't so substantial or fresh
he ca n't disguise that he 's spiffing up leftovers that are n't so substantial or fresh
he appears miserable throughout as he swaggers through his scenes
he can not overcome the sense that Pumpkin is a mere plot pawn for two directors with far less endearing disabilities .
gets the once-over once again in Gangster No. 1 , but falls apart long before the end
that illustrates why the whole is so often less than the sum of its parts in today 's Hollywood
gets stupid and maudlin .
gets stupid and maudlin
a movie comes along to remind us of how very bad a motion picture can truly be .
a movie in which a guy dressed as a children 's party clown gets violently gang-raped
a movie that ends up slapping its target audience in the face by shooting itself in the foot
a movie you 've seen many times
believe that women 's clothing can cover up any deficiency in acting , writing or direction
fatal mistake
The 1960s rebellion was misdirected :
The 1960s rebellion was misdirected
The 1960s rebellion was misdirected : you ca n't fight your culture
be profane ,
be profane
be seen at the very least for its spasms of absurdist
with pretension -- and sometimes plain wacky implausibility --
with pointless extremes
with really poor comedic writing
so bland that even as rogue CIA assassins working for Chris Cooper 's agency boss close in on the resourceful amnesiac , we do n't feel much for Damon\/Bourne or his predicament
the first actor to lead a group of talented friends astray
goes off the beaten path , not necessarily for the better .
goes out into public , to avoid being recognized as the man who bilked unsuspecting moviegoers
goes to absurd lengths to duck the very issues it raises .
goes wrong at several key junctures
goes where nearly every Star Trek movie has gone before
goes wrong at several key junctures .
so aggressively anti-erotic
than his earlier English-language movie , the overpraised Elizabeth
terribly
is slight but unendurable
is slow to those of us in middle age and deathly slow to any teen . With a cast of A-list Brit actors
really ripe for a warmed-over James Bond adventure , with a village idiot as the 007 clone
really unclear
really the whole series is so much pretentious nonsense , lavishly praised by those who equate obscurity with profundity
really wrong with this ricture
if I 'd been sitting naked on an igloo
if De Palma spent an hour setting a fancy table and then served up Kraft Macaroni and Cheese
idiotic and absurdly sentimental
if Attal is this insecure in real life
idiotic and
its charm quickly fades
its characters idiots
addition to sporting one of the worst titles in recent cinematic history
adding flourishes -- artsy fantasy sequences -- that simply feel wrong
added disdain
watching Disney scrape the bottom of its own cracker barrel
been better off dead
been better off as a documentary ,
been better off as a documentary , with less of Mr . Eyre 's uninspired dramatics and more of his sense of observation and outrage
been called Freddy Gets Molested by a Dog
been called The Hills Have Antlers and played for about three weeks in drive-ins
been biting and droll
outwardly sexist or mean-spirited .
outwardly sexist or mean-spirited
to convince us that acting transfigures Esther
sustain interest in his profession after the family tragedy . Too predictably
proves that not only blockbusters pollute the summer movie pool
the title 's clunk-on-the-head that suggests the overtime someone put in to come up with an irritatingly unimaginative retread concept
evokes shame
proves that sometimes the dreams of youth should remain just that
B-movie scum
B-movie imagination
with an undeveloped narrative and enough flashbacks and heavy-handed metaphors to choke a horse -- or at least slow him down to a canter
we cut to a new scene , which also appears to be the end .
an original character , siuation or joke in the entire movie
in this junk that 's TV sitcom material at best
the film 's implicit premise is that the faith of the tonga people is in every way inferior to that of john
( Sen 's ) soap opera-ish approach undermines his good intentions .
( Stevens is ) so stoked to make an important film about human infidelity and happenstance that he tosses a kitchen sink onto a story already overladen with plot conceits .
( T ) hose same extremes prevent us from taking its message seriously
( T ) here 's only so much anyone can do with a florid , overplotted , Anne Rice rock 'n' roll vampire novel before the built-in silliness of the whole affair defeats them .
, The Rising Place never quite justifies its own existence .
pity
pitched precipitously
pitched precipitously between swoony lyricism and violent catastrophe
pitch into farce , yet only half-hearted in its spy mechanics
, Star Trek : Nemesis is even more suggestive of a 65th class reunion mixer where only eight surviving members show up -- and there 's nothing to drink .
, Storytelling fails to provide much more insight than the inside column of a torn book jacket .
, The Emperor 's Club turns a blind eye to the very history it pretends to teach .
... a weak , manipulative , pencil-thin story that is miraculously able to entertain anyway .
... and a nonstop parade of mock-Tarantino scuzbag types that starts out clever but veers into overkill
will probably be a talky bore
waste
waste their talent
waste their talent on parodies of things
waste their talent on parodies of things they probably thought were funniest
waste their talent on parodies of things they probably thought were funniest when they were high
of the delusional personality type
of the effective horror elements are dampened through familiarity , ( yet )
you might as well be watching a rerun
I walked out of Runteldat . I did go back
I wanted more .
I suppose it 's lovely that Cal works out his issues with his dad and comes to terms with his picture-perfect life -- but World Traveler gave me no reason to care
I suspect that there are more interesting ways of dealing with the subject .
character development a non-starter
chaotic nonsense
chaotic , the photography grainy and badly focused
chaotic , the photography grainy and
does n't really deliver the delicious guilty pleasure of the better film versions
does n't work
does not come readily to mind when considering the world 's best cuisine
so preachy-keen and so tub-thumpingly loud it makes you feel like a chump
so predominantly charitable it can only be seen as propaganda
so primitive in technique
a strange film , one that was hard for me to warm up to
so preachy-keen and
( Allen 's ) been making piffle for a long while , and Hollywood Ending may be his way of saying that piffle is all that the airhead movie business deserves from him right now
( Allen 's ) been making piffle for a long while , and
( Allen 's ) been making piffle for a long while ,
( Allen 's ) been making piffle for a long while
. Curiously , Super Troopers suffers because it does n't have enough vices to merit its 103-minute length .
. Disgusting .
. Disturbing . Disgusting .
. Here , alas , it collapses like an overcooked soufflé .
. It 's also built on a faulty premise , one it follows into melodrama and silliness .
from dramatic tension or a symptom of artistic malnutrition
repellantly out of control
We do n't even like their characters .
We ca n't accuse Kung Pow for misfiring , since it is exactly what it wants to be : an atrociously , mind-numbingly , indescribably bad movie . Unfortunately , we 'd prefer a simple misfire .
We ca n't accuse Kung Pow for misfiring , since it is exactly what it wants to be : an atrociously , mind-numbingly , indescribably bad movie . Unfortunately
We 're left with a story that tries to grab us , only to keep letting go at all the wrong moments .
could make you weep
could n't pick the lint off Borg Queen Alice Krige 's cape
could n't care less
whole mess
whole subplots have no explanation or even plot relevance
I was trying to decide what annoyed me most about God is Great
I was trying to decide what annoyed me most about God is Great ...
I was sent a copyof this film to review on DVD . For free . I still want my money back .
I wish it would have just gone more over-the-top instead of trying to have it both ways .
I would go back and choose to skip it .
I was trying to decide what annoyed me most about God is Great ... I 'm Not , and then I realized that I just did n't care
I was trying to decide what annoyed me most about God is Great ... I 'm Not , and then I realized that I just did n't care .
got some pretentious eye-rolling moments
I would have liked it more if it had just gone that one step further .
I would have no problem giving it an unqualified recommendation .
as American Pie On Valium
it happens to flat characters
it has all the heart of a porno flick ( but none of the sheer lust )
A puzzle whose pieces do not fit . Some are fascinating and others are not ,
juvenile delinquent ' paperbacks
juvenile delinquent
juvenile camera movements
justify a theatrical simulation of the death camp of Auschwitz II-Birkenau
pass for a thirteen-year-old 's book report on the totalitarian themes of 1984 and Farenheit 451
pass for a thirteen-year-old 's book report
squeeze too many elements into the film
squirm-inducing fish-out-of-water formula
retitle it The Adventures of Direct-to-Video Nash
the picture begins to resemble the shapeless , grasping actors ' workshop that it is .
retread story
vile , incoherent
the jokes , most at women 's expense
never manages to generate a single threat of suspense
the job done , running off the limited chemistry created by Ralph Fiennes and Jennifer Lopez
the jaunt is practically over before it begins .
be very possible for a reasonably intelligent person to sit through its tidal wave of imagery and not get this vision at all
be when he is not more lucratively engaged in the shameless self-caricature of ` Analyze This ' ( 1999 ) and ` Analyze That , ' promised ( or threatened ) for later this year
There are just too many characters saying too many clever things and getting into too many pointless situations .
straining to get by on humor that is not even as daring as John Ritter 's glory days on Three 's Company .
straining to get by on humor that is not even as daring as John Ritter 's glory days on Three 's Company
reparto o lo interesante que pudo haber resultado su premisa , pues el resultado es francamente aburrido y
be served an eviction notice at every theater stuck with it
be sent to and buried on Pluto
be so boring
be slightly bored
described as lukewarm
deserve better .
will do little to boost Stallone 's career
Mr. Wollter and Ms. Seldhal give strong and convincing performances , but neither reaches into the deepest recesses of the character to unearth the quaking essence of passion , grief and fear .
have been readily dismissed as the tiresome rant of an aging filmmaker still thumbing his nose at convention
have been more enjoyable had the balance shifted in favor of water-bound action over the land-based ` drama
have been lost in the translation this time . The Importance of Being Earnest movie seems to be missing a great deal of the acerbic repartee of the play
have been overrun by what can only be characterized as robotic sentiment .
have been overrun by what can only be characterized as robotic sentiment
oddest
The character is too forced and overwritten to be funny or believable much of the time
You 've seen it all before
should have been made for the tube
should have been a painless time-killer
should come with the warning `` For serious film buffs only
should have been made for the tube .
to have tepid films like Dragonfly tossed at them
to have been conjured up only 10 minutes prior to filming
to have been written using Mad-libs . There can be no other explanation . Hilariously inept and ridiculous
to have dumped a whole lot of plot in favor of ... outrageous gags
to have no goal and no urgency . It 's just filler
to have some idea of the fate that lies in store for moviegoers lured to the mediocrity that is Kung Pow : Enter the Fist
a patient predator
a pedestrian , flat drama
a patchwork in script and production
a pedestrian , flat drama that screams out ` amateur ' in almost every frame
The Ya-Ya 's have many secrets and one is - the books are better . Translating complex characters from novels to the big screen is an impossible task
The pivotal narrative point is so ripe the film ca n't help but go soft and stinky .
irrevocably bizarre
irrevocably bizarre to the point of utter nonsense
irritating ,
irritating character late
irresponsible cops
irritating slice
irritatingly
it 's now coming true ' bad
it 's often overwritten , with a surfeit of weighty revelations , flowery dialogue , and nostalgia for the past and roads not taken .
it 's not nearly as good as any of its influences .
it 's not that big a deal
it 's not silly fun unless you enjoy really bad movies .
it 's only fair in the interest of full disclosure to say that -- on the basis of this film alone -- I 'm not one of them
shoot
shoot it in the head
this movie is likely to disappear as quickly as an ice cube thrown into a pot of boiling water .
this movie has a glossy coat of action movie excess while remaining heartless at its core .
this movie is one long chick-flick slog .
can not be enjoyed , even on the level that one enjoys a bad slasher flick , primarily because it is dull . Yes , dull
can not be enjoyed , even on the level that one enjoys a bad slasher flick , primarily because it is dull . Yes , dull .
can not overcome blah characters
can only imagine one thing worse than Kevin Spacey trying on an Irish accent
can pillage from Shirley Jackson , Richard Matheson ... and puke up something like ROSE RED
clutchy , indulgent and pretentious
clunky on the screen
, manipulative , pencil-thin story
to have bitterly forsaken
, Maelström is just another Winter Sleepers .
, Kapur gives us episodic choppiness , undermining the story 's emotional thrust .
, Kilmer seems to be posing , rather than acting . And that leaves a hole in the center of The Salton Sea .
big hairy deal
big fat pain .
big letdown
consumerist ... studiously inoffensive and completely disposable
Narratively , Trouble Every Day is a plodding mess .
National Lampoon 's Van Wilder may aim to be the next Animal House , but
overdose movies like '' Divine Secrets of the Ya Ya Sisterhood
overdose movies
a group of more self-absorbed women than the mother and daughters featured in this film
a guy dressed as a children 's party clown gets violently gang-raped
work more than it probably should
has a bundle in common with them
has a bundle in common with them , as the film diffuses every opportunity for a breakthrough
has a bigger rant on the war between modern landscape architecture and small-town America .
has a dull , costumey feel
are more interesting ways of dealing with the subject
are murky and
are murky and are frequently too dark to be decipherable
Another in a long line of ultra-violent war movies , this one is not quite what it could have been as a film , but
Another in a long line of ultra-violent war movies , this one is not quite what it could have been as a film
Another in a long line of ultra-violent war movies , this one is not quite what it could have been as a film ,
, I found myself confused when it came time to get to the heart of the movie .
, I realized this is a throwaway movie that wo n't stand the test of time . It 's a trifle .
, I do n't see the point .
, I do n't see the point . It 's a visual Rorschach test
, I feel sorry for Madonna .
, I felt tired and drained and wanted to lie on my own deathbed for a while .
, I suspect , not to offend by appearing either too serious or too lighthearted , it offends by just being wishy-washy .
Muddled
Muddled ,
Muddled , melodramatic paranormal romance is an all-time low for Kevin Costner .
Muddled , simplistic and more than a little pretentious
Much like Robin Williams , Death to Smoochy has already reached its expiration date .
Much of the digitally altered footage appears jagged , as if filmed directly from a television monitor , while the extensive use of stock footage quickly becomes a tiresome cliché .
Muddled , simplistic and more than a little pretentious .
Muddled , trashy
though you rode the Zipper after eating a corn dog and an extra-large cotton candy
anguished
a midlevel sort of way
better than Saving Private Ryan . He may have meant the Internet short Saving Ryan 's Privates .
better than this
Starts out ballsy and stylish but fails to keep it up and settles into clichés .
Starts out mediocre , spirals downward , and thuds to the bottom of the pool with an utterly incompetent conclusion .
its ambitions far exceed the abilities of writer Adam Larson Broder and his co-director , Tony R. Abrams , in their feature debut
Starts off witty and sophisticated and you want to love it -- but filmmaker Yvan Attal quickly writes himself into a corner .
Starts out strongly before quickly losing its focus , point and purpose in a mess of mixed messages , over-blown drama and Bruce Willis with a scar
The movie is Dawn of the Dead crossed with John Carpenter 's Ghosts of Mars , with zombies not as ghoulish as the first and trains not as big as the second .
The movie is a desperate miscalculation . It gives poor Dana Carvey nothing to do that is really funny ,
The movie is a desperate miscalculation . It gives poor Dana Carvey nothing to do that is really funny , and
The movie is a desperate miscalculation . It gives poor Dana Carvey nothing to do that is really funny , and then expects us to laugh because he acts so goofy all the time
The movie is a lumbering load of hokum but
the cannibal
the cannibal genre
directionless
directed this movie so much as produced it -- like sausage
director Adrian Lyne holds sway , where all relationships are simultaneously broadly metaphorical , oddly abstract , and excruciatingly literal
The inherent limitations of using a video game as the source material movie are once again made all too clear in this schlocky horror\/action hybrid .
The inherent limitations of using a video game as the source material movie
The inevitable double - and triple-crosses arise , but the only drama is in waiting to hear how John Malkovich 's reedy consigliere will pronounce his next line
care whether that cold-hearted snake Petrovich ( that would be Reno ) gets his comeuppance
I just saw this movie ... well , it 's probably not accurate to call it a movie .
I just saw this movie ... well , it 's probably not accurate to call it a movie
I have to admit that I am baffled by Jason X .
I have to admit I walked out of Runteldat . I did go back and check out the last 10 minutes , but these were more repulsive than the first 30 or 40 minutes .
I have to admit I walked out of Runteldat . I did go back and check out the last 10 minutes , but these were more repulsive than the first 30 or 40 minutes
've spent the past 20 minutes looking at your watch
've wasted nearly two hours of your own precious life with this silly little puddle of a movie
've seen some bad singer-turned actors
've seen in a while , a meander through worn-out material
've seen it all before
've never seen ( a remake ) do anything as stomach-turning as the way Adam Sandler 's new movie rapes , pillages and incinerates Frank Capra 's classic ...
've reeked of a been-there , done-that sameness
sympathizing with terrorist motivations
The self-serious Equilibrium makes its point too well ;
The self-serious Equilibrium makes its point too well ; a movie , like life , is n't much fun without the highs and lows .
so poorly paced you could fit all of Pootie Tang in between its punchlines
so muddled and derivative that few will bother thinking it all through
so poorly
so overwrought you 'd swear he just stepped out of a Buñuel retrospective
short of its Ideal predecessor
this stuck pig of a movie flails limply between bizarre comedy and pallid horror .
less like a children 's movie than a recruitment film for future Hollywood sellouts
starts playing like General Hospital crossed with a Saturday Night Live spoof of Dog Day Afternoon
less moldy and trite
starts playing like General Hospital crossed with a Saturday Night Live spoof of Dog Day Afternoon .
starts gasping like a beached grouper .
starts gasping like a beached grouper
unimaginative , nasty , glibly cynical
unfunny when it tries to makes us laugh and desperately unsuspenseful when it tries to make us jump out of our seats .
ungainly , comedy-deficient , B-movie rush job
unfunny tricks
unfunny when it tries to makes us laugh and
less of Mr . Eyre 's uninspired dramatics and more of his sense of observation and outrage
truly awful
that celebi could take me back to a time before i saw this movie and i could just skip it
truly awful and
the movie is rather choppy .
the movie is remarkably dull with only Caine making much of an impression .
the movie itself seems to have been made under the influence of Rohypnol
the movie is too heady for children , and too preachy for adults .
( Director ) Byler may yet have a great movie in him , but Charlotte Sometimes is only half of one .
( Director ) Byler may yet have a great movie in him , but Charlotte Sometimes is only half of one
( E ) ventually , every idea in this film is flushed down the latrine of heroism .
An ultra-low-budget indie debut that smacks more of good intentions than talent .
keep whooshing you from one visual marvel to the next , hastily , emptily
An unbelievably stupid film , though occasionally fun enough to make you forget its absurdity .
keep pushing the jokes at the expense of character until things fall apart
keep the movie from ever reaching the comic heights it obviously desired
keep the movie from ever reaching the comic heights it obviously desired .
keep pushing the jokes at the expense of character until things fall apart .
you 'll be shaking your head all the way to the credits
unreligious
them now is an exercise in pointlessness
them to discern flimsy screenplays
themselves wishing they could roll over and take a nap
against the maker 's minimalist intent
you 're not into the Pokemon franchise , this fourth animated movie in four years wo n't convert you -- or even keep your eyes open . But
If you 're looking to rekindle the magic of the first film , you 'll need a stronger stomach than us .
If you 're not a prepubescent girl , you 'll be laughing at Britney Spears ' movie-starring debut whenever it does n't have you impatiently squinting at your watch .
If you 're not the target demographic ... this movie is one long chick-flick slog .
If you 've ever entertained the notion of doing what the title of this film implies , what Sex With Strangers actually shows may put you off the idea forever .
If you believe any of this , I can make you a real deal on leftover Enron stock that will double in value a week from Friday .
something I would rather live in denial about
someone going through the motions
An uncomfortable movie , suffocating and sometimes almost senseless , The Grey Zone does have a center , though a morbid one .
someone who obviously knows nothing about crime
the mess
comes across , rather unintentionally ,
comes across as lame and sophomoric
comes across as lame and sophomoric in this debut indie feature .
comes across as lame and sophomoric in this debut indie feature
comes across as shallow and glib though not mean-spirited
comes across as pretty dull and wooden
comes across as stick figures reading lines from a TelePrompTer .
comes across as stick figures reading lines from a TelePrompTer
is derived from a lobotomy , having had all its vital essence scooped out and discarded
is emblematic of the witless ageism afflicting films
is deadly dull
Too campy to work as straight drama
Too bad Maggio could n't come up with a better script .
Too campy to work as straight drama and too violent and sordid to function as comedy , Vulgar is , truly and thankfully , a one-of-a-kind work .
Too campy to work as straight drama and too violent and sordid to function as comedy
Too campy to work as straight drama and
As are its star , its attitude and its obliviousness .
wholly unnecessary addition
wholly unnecessary pre-credit sequence
wholly unconvincing
wholly unnecessary
Trivial where it should be profound , and hyper-cliched where it should be sincere
Trivial
Trite , banal , cliched
Trite , banal , cliched , mostly inoffensive .
Trite , banal , cliched ,
Tries so hard to be quirky and funny that the strain is all too evident .
Trite
Tries to add some spice to its quirky sentiments but the taste is all too familiar .
the voice-over hero in Columbia Pictures ' perverse idea of an animated holiday movie
created a monster but did n't know how to handle it
created a monster
little style
in a world of meaningless activity
should have been sent back to the tailor for some major alterations
little to be learned from watching ` Comedian '
little too obvious , but
put off everyone
probably wo n't stand the cold light of day
problems than finding solutions .
problematic script
two fatal ailments
two fatal ailments --
fatal for a film that relies on personal relationships
fatal script error
fatal ailments
a reject from Monty Python 's Meaning of Life
fatally overlong
a documentary fails to live up to -- or offer any new insight into -- its chosen topic
a documentary and more propaganda
a drama so clumsy
bad , bad movie
bad Clive Barker movie
bad , bad , bad movie
backed off
as it is in depicting child abuse
as it is at times imaginatively overwhelming
tired Tyco ad
as its unusual relationship slowly unfolds
tired ,
tired , predictable
tired , unnecessary retread
by numbers , and as easy to be bored by as your ABC 's ,
by on humor that is not even as daring as John Ritter 's glory days on Three 's Company
by now intolerable
by now intolerable morbidity
by men of marginal intelligence
by lousy direction
The Clown '' , a much funnier film with a similar theme and
The Contenders to create a completely crass and forgettable movie
The Cold Turkey would 've been a far better title .
superstitious curse
Perhaps even the SLC high command found writer-director Mitch Davis 's wall of kitsch hard going .
Perhaps the most annoying thing
do draw easy chuckles but lead nowhere
do for a set . Reign of Fire has the disadvantage of also looking cheap
an awkward Hitchcockian theme
thinking up grocery lists and ways to tell their kids how not to act like pinocchio .
and crushingly depressing
and consistently odd
distinctly musty
distinctly minor effort
There are a few chuckles , but not a single gag sequence that really scores
It 's uninteresting
It 's the type of stunt the Academy loves : a powerful political message stuffed into an otherwise mediocre film
The locale ... remains far more interesting than the story at hand .
The leads are so unmemorable , despite several attempts at lengthy dialogue scenes , that one eventually resents having to inhale this gutter romancer 's secondhand material .
The leads we are given here are simply too bland to be interesting .
The laughs are as rare as snake foo yung .
The lead actors share no chemistry or engaging charisma .
being too bleak , too pessimistic and too unflinching
being too bleak , too pessimistic and too unflinching for its own good
being the barn-burningly bad movie it promised it would be
being stuck in a dark pit having a nightmare about bad cinema
being stupid
being released a few decades too late
could have looked into my future and saw how bad this movie was , I would go back and choose to skip it . Fortunately
being too dense & about nothing at all
being trapped while some weird relative trots out the video he took of the family vacation to Stonehenge . Before long , you 're desperate for the evening to end
pee-related
pay the full ticket price to see '' Simone , '' and consider a DVD rental instead
trimmed
wreckage
How can such a cold movie claim to express warmth and longing ?
How about surprising us by trying something new ?
Horrible
Horrible .
Hopkins looks like a drag queen
shame
fragmented
bloated gasbag thesis
of inane , inoffensive screaming and exaggerated facial expressions
of inconsistencies that pose the question
of inflated nonsense
of infantile that makes you wonder about changing the director and writer 's diapers
, the women are down for the count
Since Dahmer resorts to standard slasher flick thrills when it should be most in the mind of the killer , it misses a major opportunity to be truly revelatory about his psyche .
Since Dahmer resorts to standard slasher flick thrills when it should be most in the mind of the killer
A well-made , thoughtful , well-acted clunker , but a clunker nonetheless
A well-crafted letdown .
Little more than a well-mounted history lesson
Little more than a well-mounted history lesson .
Little more than a super-sized infomercial for the cable-sports channel and its Summer X Games
some of the confusions you had while watching it
no classic , like the novel upon which it is based
incompetent cops
incompetent
Lame
Lame , haphazard teen comedy
Lame ,
Lame , haphazard teen comedy .
Lan Yu never catches dramatic fire .
Lame Sweet Home leaves no Southern stereotype unturned .
that suggests the overtime someone put in to come up with an irritatingly unimaginative retread concept
that takes few chances and manages to insult the intelligence of everyone in the audience
that suffers from an overly deliberate pace and uneven narrative momentum
that the Bond franchise has run into a creative wall that 007 can not fly over
that the Farrelly Bros . -- Peter and Bobby -- and their brand of screen comedy are wheezing to an end , along with Green 's half-hearted movie career
that takes some rather unexpected ( even , at times , preposterous ) turns
that the ` true story ' by which All the Queen 's Men is allegedly '' inspired '' was a lot funnier
fill the after-school slot at shopping mall theaters across the country
Wait for video --
Wait for video -- and then
Cliches are as thick as the cigarette smoke .
Cliches
CliffsNotes
-- assuming , that is , she ever had one to begin with
I 'm just too bored to care .
I usually dread encountering the most
a nasty aftertaste but little clear memory of its operational mechanics
a nasty aftertaste but little clear memory
a nasty aftertaste but little clear
see this turd squashed
see this turd squashed under a truck , preferably a semi
Sarah 's dedication to finding her husband seems more psychotic than romantic
twitchy sketchbook style and adroit perspective shifts
two not very absorbing characters
through torture
with this movie - despite its myriad flaws
without fully understanding what it was that made the story relevant in the first place
in need of a scented bath
in narcissism and self-congratulation disguised as a tribute
in more ways that one in Clockstoppers , a sci-fi thriller as lazy as it is interminable
It 's often infuriatingly glib and posturing , and
It 's often infuriatingly glib and posturing ,
're meant to buy that this doting mother would shun her kids , travel to one of the most dangerous parts of the world , don fatigues and become G . I . Jane .
're in trouble
're not exactly flattering
to have a knack for wrapping the theater in a cold blanket of urban desperation
to have been lost in the translation this time . The Importance of Being Earnest movie seems to be missing a great deal of the acerbic repartee of the play
convey the same kind of haughtiness in its own sketchy material
sleazy and
long and clunky ending
soon forgotten
earnestly generic crime-busting comic vehicle
loses its bite in a last-minute happy ending that 's even less plausible than the rest of the picture . Much of the way , though , this is a refreshingly novel ride
, is painterly .
exists to try to eke out an emotional tug of the heart , one which it fails to get
a sappy , preachy one at that
a sappy , preachy one
The obnoxious title character
settles into clichés
settles too easily along the contours of expectation
settles too easily
noticeably less energy and imagination
nothing to write home about
an excruciating film
now is an exercise in pointlessness
nrelentingly stupid
an exploitation piece doing its usual worst to guilt-trip parents
horrifies
hoping '' Ecks vs . Sever '' or '' xXx
disorienting force
burning , blasting , stabbing
The acting is n't much better .
The acting is fine but the script is about as interesting as a recording of conversations at the Wal-Mart checkout line
- as-nasty -
, you should avoid this like the dreaded King Brown snake .
, you need a constant influx of liquid just to get through it .
, you too may feel time has decided to stand still .
, you think you 're watching a serious actioner ; the next
as any in the heart-breakingly extensive annals of white-on-black racism
as bad at a fraction the budget
as bad
shout insults at the screen
predictability is the only winner
precious little of either
Often overwrought
Often overwrought and at times positively irritating
Often overwrought and
are tantamount to insulting the intelligence of anyone who has n't been living under a rock ( since Sept. 11 )
are tantamount to insulting the intelligence of anyone who has n't been living under a rock ( since Sept. 11 ) .
are so outlandish that they border on being cartoonlike .
The jokes are telegraphed so far in advance
The jokes are telegraphed so far in advance they must have been lost in the mail .
The kid 's ) just too bratty for sympathy
The kids in the audience at the preview screening seemed bored , cheering the pratfalls but little else
The kids in the audience at the preview screening seemed bored , cheering the pratfalls but little else ;
The kids in the audience at the preview screening seemed bored , cheering the pratfalls but little else ; their parents , wise folks that they are , read books
rusted-out ruin and ultimate collapse
rusted-out
in a regurgitation
in a nasty sea
in a literal and spiritual torpor
Enron stock
Enough trivializes an important crisis , reduces it to an almost comic embarrassment .
Enough trivializes an important crisis ,
Enough trivializes an important crisis
you might as well be watching it through a telescope
you might want to leave your date behind for this one
you may forget all about the original conflict , just like the movie does
major acting lessons and
major acting lessons and maybe a little coffee
make Green Dragon seem more like medicine than entertainment
make Green Dragon seem more like medicine than entertainment .
the idiocy of its last frames
True to its animatronic roots : ... as stiff , ponderous and charmless as a mechanical apparatus
Disappointing in comparison
Disappointing
Disappointing in comparison to other recent war movies ...
Disappointing in comparison to other recent war movies
Director Yu seems far more interested in gross-out humor than in showing us well-thought stunts or a car chase that we have n't seen 10,000 times .
Director Nalin Pan does n't do much to weigh any arguments one way or the other .
Disappointing in comparison to other recent war movies ... or any other John Woo flick for that matter
Disappointing in comparison to other recent war movies ... or
they have a tendency to slip into hokum . A Rumor of Angels does n't just slip
they lack their idol 's energy and passion for detail
but is sabotaged by ticking time bombs and other Hollywood-action cliches .
simply runs out of ideas
into what was essentially , by campaign 's end , an extended publicity department
into this somewhat tired premise
The emotional overload of female angst irreparably drags the film down .
something creepy about this movie
someone who surely read The Catcher in the Rye but clearly suffers from dyslexia
The dramatic scenes are frequently unintentionally funny , and the action sequences -- clearly the main event -- are surprisingly uninvolving
The dramatic scenes are frequently unintentionally funny , and
far-flung ,
only to keep letting go at all the wrong moments
only unsatisfactorily
only weak claims to surrealism and black comedy
only without much energy or tension
never-ending confusion and hatred
This movie seems to have been written using Mad-libs .
This mild-mannered farce , directed by one of its writers , John C. Walsh , is corny in a way that bespeaks an expiration date passed a long time ago .
soggy , cliche-bound epic-horror yarn
soggy , soporific , visually dank
soggy , shapeless mess
soggy Paris ,
soggy Paris
This new Time Machine is hardly perfect
This new Time Machine is hardly perfect ...
. Killing time
. It looks like an action movie , but it 's so poorly made , on all levels , that it does n't even qualify as a spoof of such .
banged their brains into the ground so frequently
banged their brains
banged their brains into the ground
baran is shockingly devoid of your typical majid majidi shoe-loving , crippled children
based on ugly ideas instead of ugly behavior
nearly impossible to care about
but exhausting cinema
seen this movie a thousand times
seen this movie a thousand times before
seen this movie
seen them a million times
self - and audience-abuse
with false starts
there 's not enough substance here to sustain interest for the full 90 minutes , especially with the weak payoff
Seems content to dog-paddle in the mediocre end of the pool , and it 's a sad , sick sight
Seems content to dog-paddle in the mediocre end of the pool , and it 's a sad , sick sight .
using bad sci-fi
useless
It 's uninteresting .
the proficient , dull Sorvino has no light touch , and Rodan is out of his league
the proficient , dull Sorvino has no light touch , and
but enough to do harm )
's even less plausible than the rest of the picture
's also so jarring that it 's hard to get back into the boys ' story
's also so jarring that it 's hard to get back into the boys ' story .
leaving the theater
leaving the character of Critical Jim two-dimensional and pointless
general boorishness
elephant feces
elicit more of a sense of deja vu than awe
but enough to do harm
of his recent death
of his way to turn the legendary wit 's classic mistaken identity farce into brutally labored and unfunny hokum
's painful to watch Witherspoon 's talents wasting away inside unnecessary films like Legally Blonde and Sweet Home Abomination , I mean , Alabama .
we make underneath such a mountain of clichés and borrowed images
's painful to watch Witherspoon 's talents wasting away inside unnecessary films like Legally Blonde and Sweet Home Abomination , I mean , Alabama
thinks poo-poo jokes are ` edgy
's own worst instincts in under 90 minutes .
thinking up grocery lists and ways to tell their kids how not to act like Pinocchio .
thinks-it-is joke
thinks poo-poo jokes are ` edgy . '
's painful
the built-in silliness of the whole affair
the built-in silliness of the whole affair defeats them
part because the consciously dumbed-down approach wears thin
's own sadistic tendencies toward his audience
postmodern conceit
hard put to find a movie character more unattractive or odorous ( than Leon )
hard to imagine acting that could be any flatter
hard pressed to succumb to the call of the wild
hard ground
hard to imagine any recent film , independent or otherwise , that makes as much of a mess as this one
the concept of loss
the condescending stereotypes
the condescending stereotypes that so often plague films dealing with the mentally ill
spirals downward
I 've seen some bad singer-turned actors
spinoff of last summer 's bloated effects
spirals downward ,
spirals downward , and
that 's not much to hang a soap opera on
may find hard to follow
may decide it 's too high a price to pay for a shimmering picture postcard .
may be the most tuneless tune
unpleasant characters ,
cheapo animation ( like Saturday morning TV in the '60s )
cheapo animation ( like Saturday morning TV in the '60s ) ,
cheapo animation ( like Saturday morning TV in the '60s ) , a complex sword-and-sorcery plot and characters who all have big round eyes and Japanese names
me want to scream
me feel weird \ \/ Thinking about all the bad things in the world \ \/ Like puppies with broken legs \ \/ And butterflies that die \ \/ And movies starring pop queens
me as unusually and unimpressively fussy
mean things
it will never hold a candle to the original
it would have been called The Hills Have Antlers and played for about three weeks in drive-ins .
it would have been better off dead .
than the screenplay , which lags badly in the middle and lurches between not-very-funny comedy , unconvincing dramatics and some last-minute action strongly reminiscent of Run Lola Run
too many tried-and-true shenanigans that hardly distinguish it from the next teen comedy
than the very sluggish pace
too many tried-and-true shenanigans
Every note rings false .
too many scenes toward the end
too many '' serious issues ''
`` Feardotcom '' has the makings of an interesting meditation on the ethereal nature of the internet and the otherworldly energies it could channel , but it simply becomes a routine shocker
`` Feardotcom '' has the makings of an interesting meditation on the ethereal nature of the internet and the otherworldly energies it could channel , but
as lax and limp a comedy as I 've seen in a while , a meander through worn-out material
as lazy
A movie version of a paint-by-numbers picture . We can tell what it is supposed to be
it paints a sad picture of the singles scene
it never took off and always seemed static .
, but with restraint
excruciatingly tedious
excuse to get to the closing bout ... by which time it 's impossible to care who wins
Like many Western action films , this thriller is too loud and thoroughly overbearing , but its heartfelt concern about North Korea 's recent past and South Korea 's future adds a much needed moral weight
Like many Western action films , this thriller is too loud and thoroughly overbearing , but
Like puppies with broken legs
Like puppies with broken legs \ \/ And butterflies that die \ \/
Like puppies with broken legs \ \/ And butterflies that die \ \/ And movies starring pop queens
Like the excruciating End of Days
must-see viewing for anyone involved in the high-tech industry . others may find it migraine-inducing , despite moore 's attempts at whimsy and spoon feeding .
respectable but uninspired thriller
when commercialism has squeezed the life out of whatever idealism American moviemaking ever had
unintentional parody
because we 've seen ( Eddie ) Murphy do the genial-rogue shtick to death , but because the plot is equally hackneyed
( the ) superfluous
Meandering , sub-aquatic mess
Meandering , sub-aquatic mess : It 's so bad it 's good , but only if you slide in on a freebie .
McKay deflates his piece of puffery with a sour cliche and heavy doses of mean-spiritedness
Me , I did n't care for it
as monstrous
Mediocre
Mediocre fable from Burkina Faso .
a discreet moan
a disastrous ending
a disappointment is the superficial way it deals with its story .
a diss
wanders around in an attempt to seem weird and distanced
, it has said plenty about how show business has infiltrated every corner of society -- and not always for the better .
It could have been something special
It collapses when Mr . Taylor tries to shift the tone to a thriller 's rush .
, it feels more forced than usual .
It briefly flirts with player masochism , but
It briefly flirts with player masochism ,
It appears to have been modeled on the worst revenge-of-the-nerds clichés the filmmakers could dredge up .
It ca n't escape its past
It briefly flirts with player masochism , but the point of real interest - -- audience sadism -- is evaded completely
contend with unpleasant characters , hit-and-miss performances and awkwardly staged scenes
contains no good jokes , no good scenes , barely a moment when Carvey 's Saturday Night Live-honed mimicry rises above the level of embarrassment .
an inexplicable nightmare ,
an inexplicable nightmare
an inexplicable , utterly distracting blunder at the very end
Blair Witch and typical stalk-and-slash fare , where the most conservative protagonist is always the last one living
who normally could n't care less
to a few rather than dozens
shockingly manages to be even worse than its title
Barbershop is n't as funny as it should be
Barely manages for but a few seconds over its seemingly eternal running time to pique your interest , your imagination , your empathy or anything , really , save your disgust and your indifference .
Barney throws away the goodwill the first half of his movie generates by orchestrating a finale that is impenetrable and dull .
` Dragonfly ' is a movie about a bus wreck that turns into a film wreck .
` Frankly , my dear , I do n't give a damn , ' have never been more appropriate .
` Enigma ' is a good name for a movie this delibrately obtuse and unapproachable . A waste of good performances .
` CQ may one day be fondly remembered as Roman Coppola 's brief pretentious period before going on to other films that actually tell a story worth caring about
` Get in the car , bitch , ' this Jerry Bruckheimer production has little else to offer
, this film 's impressive performances and adept direction are n't likely to leave a lasting impression .
, this cinematic snow cone is as innocuous as it is flavorless .
, they prove more distressing than suspenseful .
, they mock the kind of folks they do n't understand , ones they figure the power-lunchers do n't care to understand , either .
, they wo n't enjoy the movie at all .
whatever
cursory
cussing
shoot on grungy video
shoot on grungy video ,
un drama
Obviously , a lot of people wasted a lot of their time ( including mine ) on something very inconsequential .
unengaging
unentertaining
undistinguished rhythm
uneasy blend
unembarrassing but unmemorable
undistinguished
Alfred Hitchcock 's thrillers ,
lacks visual flair
lacks what little Lilo & Stitch had in
's not very funny
's not the ultimate Depression-era gangster movie .
's not the ultimate Depression-era gangster movie
's nothing here you have n't seen before
not always for the better
not as sharp
not be a breakthrough in filmmaking
not compelling
not enough fizz
not even a hint of joy , preferring to focus on the humiliation of Martin as he defecates in bed and urinates on the plants at his own birthday party
soap opera
is dark , brooding and slow , and takes its central idea way too seriously
is dark , brooding and slow , and
is dark , brooding and slow , and takes its central idea way too seriously .
is definitely meaningless , vapid and devoid
is definitely meaningless , vapid and devoid of substance
is depressing , ruthlessly pained and depraved , the movie equivalent of staring into an open wound
is depressing , ruthlessly pained and depraved ,
like a film that strays past the two and a half mark
The characters , cast in impossibly contrived situations , are totally estranged from reality .
The characters ... are paper-thin , and their personalities undergo radical changes when it suits the script .
The characters , cast in impossibly contrived situations
to out-shock , out-outrage or out-depress its potential audience
to our dismay
a bewildering sense
a bad sign when directors abandon their scripts and go where the moment takes them
a bad sign
a ` bad ' police shooting
less than
in a caper that 's neither original nor terribly funny
in a bid to hold our attention
's cliche to call the film ` refreshing
Case of Fire ? lazily and glumly
Carvey 's considerable talents are wasted in it
the film was better than Saving Private Ryan . He may have meant the Internet short Saving Ryan 's Privates .
apart from reporting on the number of tumbleweeds blowing through the empty theatres
appalling ''
appalling ` Ace Ventura ' rip-off
the script 's refusal
the script 's refusal of a happy ending
Home Alone goes Hollywood , a funny premise until the kids start pulling off stunts not even Steven Spielberg would know how to do .
is its reliance on formula
frustrating yet
frozen tundra soap opera
frustrates and
saved from unbearable lightness
that it rarely achieves its best
are those who just want the Ball and Chain
are times when the film 's reach exceeds its grasp
is too impressed with its own solemn insights
is too impressed with its own solemn insights to work up much entertainment value
is to substitute plot for personality
scams
is too tenuous
is too tenuous to anchor the emotional connections that purport to span a 125-year divide
uselessly
so not-at-all-good
so much phone in his performance as
so much fun dissing the film that they did n't mind the ticket cost
before you pay the full ticket price to see '' Simone , '' and consider a DVD rental instead
well , it 's probably not accurate to call it a movie
well , I 'm not exactly sure what -- and has all the dramatic weight of a raindrop
a movie -- a bad one
a movie , largely devoid of charm
a mouse , for cryin ' out loud
a movie , largely devoid
of the west to savor whenever the film 's lamer instincts are in the saddle
greasiest
great disservice
you 're in trouble
is because so many of us keep going and then , out of embarrassment or stupidity
is barely worth following
is barely worth
is barely worth following .
is bad . Not ` terrible filmmaking ' bad , but more like
is as tedious as one
is banal
is the case of a pregnant premise being wasted by a script that takes few chances and manages to insult the intelligence of everyone in the audience
is the case of a pregnant premise being wasted by a script that takes few chances and manages to insult the intelligence of everyone in the audience .
is that the movie has no idea of it is serious or not .
is that they 're watching a 76-minute commercial
is the awkwardly paced soap opera-ish story
is the awkwardly paced soap opera-ish story .
An awkward and indigestible movie .
An awkward and indigestible movie
An earnest , heartrending look at the divide between religious fundamentalists and their gay relatives . It 's also heavy-handed and devotes too much time to bigoted views .
Starts out with tremendous promise , introducing an intriguing and alluring premise , only to fall prey to a boatload of screenwriting cliches that sink it faster than a leaky freighter .
Starts out with tremendous promise , introducing an intriguing and alluring premise , only to fall prey to a boatload of screenwriting cliches that sink it faster than a leaky freighter
Starts as an intense political and psychological thriller but is sabotaged by ticking time bombs and other Hollywood-action cliches .
Stars Matthew Perry and Elizabeth Hurley illicit more than a chuckle , and more jokes land than crash , but ultimately Serving Sara does n't distinguish itself from the herd
Stars Matthew Perry and Elizabeth Hurley illicit more than a chuckle , and more jokes land than crash , but ultimately Serving Sara does n't distinguish itself from the herd .
also comes with the laziness and arrogance of a thing that already knows it 's won .
watched the far superior Nurse Betty or Sunset Boulevard
a plot full of twists upon knots ... and a nonstop parade of mock-Tarantino scuzbag types that starts out clever but veers into overkill
the ` Are we a sick society ? ' journalism of the 1960s
the ` Are we a sick society ? ' journalism
of Joan 's madness
hedonist
try and evade
in tatters
the dynamic duo on the marquee , that we just ca n't get no satisfaction
madness '' so much that I became mad that I wasted 123 minutes and $ 9 .
There 's something not entirely convincing about The Quiet American . And that holds true for both the movie and the title character played by Brendan Fraser
There 's something not entirely convincing about The Quiet American . And that holds true for both the movie and the title character played by Brendan Fraser .
There 's nothing provocative about this film save for the ways in which it studiously avoids provoking thought .
There 's plenty of style in Guillermo Del Toro 's sequel to the 1998 hit but why do we need 117 minutes to tell a tale that simply ca n't sustain more than 90 minutes .
There 's not enough to sustain the comedy .
There 's something not entirely convincing about The Quiet American . And
There 's something fundamental missing from this story : something or someone to care about .
so horrendously confusing
to see when you do n't want to use your brain
he comes across as shallow and glib though not mean-spirited
the film is not entirely successful
for sick and demented humor simply
for sick and demented humor
You can fire a torpedo through some of Clancy 's holes , and the scripters do n't deserve any Oscars
Below is well below expectations .
entirely too much
, a cast of competent performers from movies , television and the theater are cast adrift in various New York City locations with no unifying rhythm or visual style .
During The Tuxedo 's 90 minutes of screen time , there is n't one true ` Chan moment ' .
yet depressing
've had more interesting -- and , dare I say , thematically complex -- bowel movements than this long-on-the-shelf , point-and-shoot exercise in gimmicky crime drama .
've had more interesting -- and , dare I say , thematically complex -- bowel movements than this long-on-the-shelf , point-and-shoot exercise in gimmicky crime drama
never fresh
never quite
, with images that seem more like disturbing hallucinations
, with a final lap that 's all too suspiciously smooth
Forages for audience sympathy like a temperamental child begging for attention , giving audiences no reason to truly care for its decrepit freaks beyond the promise of a reprieve from their incessant whining .
Forgettable , if good-hearted , movie .
Ford and Neeson capably hold our interest , but its just not a thrilling movie
were watching monkeys flinging their feces at you .
were worried
deserve better than Pokemon 4Ever
descends into such message-mongering moralism
descends into such message-mongering moralism that its good qualities are obscured
deriding James Bond for being a clichéd , doddering , misogynistic boy 's club
described as lukewarm . Maybe
descends into unsophisticated scare tactics and B-film thuggery
which is somehow guessable from the first few minutes , maybe because it echoes the by now intolerable morbidity of so many recent movies
nuanced a Robert De Niro performance can be when he is not more lucratively engaged in the shameless self-caricature of ` Analyze This ' ( 1999 ) and ` Analyze That , ' promised ( or threatened ) for later this year
wes craven 's presence is felt ; not the craven of ' a nightmare on elm street ' or ` the hills have eyes , ' but the sad schlock merchant of ` deadly friend
wes craven 's presence is felt ; not the craven of ' a nightmare on elm street ' or ` the hills have eyes , ' but the sad schlock merchant of ` deadly friend .
giving up
It takes a really long , slow and dreary time to dope out what TUCK EVERLASTING is about . So here it is
It takes a really long , slow and dreary time to dope out what TUCK EVERLASTING is about . So here it is :
It stars schticky Chris Rock and stolid Anthony Hopkins , who seem barely in the same movie . Their contrast is neither dramatic nor comic -- it 's just a weird fizzle .
It sucked
It stars schticky Chris Rock and stolid Anthony Hopkins , who seem barely in the same movie . Their contrast is neither dramatic nor comic --
It stars schticky Chris Rock and stolid Anthony Hopkins , who seem barely in the same movie . Their contrast is neither dramatic nor comic -- it 's just a weird fizzle
It stars schticky Chris Rock and stolid Anthony Hopkins , who seem barely in the same movie .
It stars schticky Chris Rock and stolid Anthony Hopkins , who seem barely in the same movie . Their contrast is neither dramatic nor comic
It sounds like another clever if pointless excursion into the abyss , and that 's more or less how it plays out
It sounds like another clever if pointless excursion into the abyss , and that 's more or less how it plays out .
who has never made anything that was n't at least watchable
( Soderbergh ) tends to place most of the psychological and philosophical material in italics rather than trust an audience 's intelligence , and he creates an overall sense of brusqueness .
( Soderbergh ) tends to place most of the psychological and philosophical material in italics rather than trust an audience 's intelligence , and he creates an overall sense of brusqueness
( Soderbergh ) tends to place most of the psychological and philosophical material in italics rather than trust an audience 's intelligence , and
( Soderbergh ) tends to place most of the psychological and philosophical material in italics rather than trust an audience 's intelligence
( Siegel ) and co-writers Lisa Bazadona and Grace Woodard have relied too much on convention in creating the characters who surround Frankie .
, a volatile combination .
The crap continues .
The crassness
The crassness of this reactionary thriller
The crassness of this reactionary thriller is matched only by the ridiculousness of its premise .
, they would have been doing something wrong
weak and ineffective
weak and ineffective ghost story
greatest mistake
grand a failure
shifts abruptly from tense to celebratory to soppy .
shapeless mess
shapeless blob of desperate entertainment .
shapeless blob of desperate entertainment
shamelessly manipulative
between swoony lyricism and violent catastrophe
between facetious comic parody and pulp melodrama , this smart-aleck movie
the waste
war 's
unconvincing
started out as a taut contest of wills between Bacon and Theron , deteriorates into a protracted and borderline silly chase sequence .
started out as a taut contest of wills between Bacon and Theron , deteriorates into a protracted and borderline silly chase sequence
with love triangle is a well worn conceit .
where uptight , middle class bores like Antonia can feel good about themselves
with lots of tears but very little in the way of insights
with little of the nervy originality of its groundbreaking small-screen progenitor
with lots of inane , inoffensive screaming and exaggerated facial expressions
more contemptuous of the single female population
more disposable than Hanna-Barbera 's half-hour cartoons
the girls -- his film is a frat boy 's idea of a good time
the gimmick of being filmed as a single unbroken 87-minute
believe that Resident Evil is not it .
the movie any less entertaining
send it down the path of the mundane
strung-together moments
struggling to create
stuck in an inarticulate screenplay
stubbornly refused to gel
stuck under my seat trying to sneak out of the theater
swear that you 've seen it all before , even if you 've never come within a mile of The Longest Yard
then the game is even more rigged than it was two centuries ago .
it is a copy of a copy of a copy
it is a failure
difficult
difficulty
dim-witted
to make this anything more than another big-budget bust
has no snap to it , no wiseacre crackle or hard-bitten cynicism .
has no snap
has no real point
has nothing going for it other than its exploitive array of obligatory cheap
has nothing else to watch
ambitious failure
is a gaudy bag of stale candy , something from a Halloween that died
is a gaudy bag of stale candy , something from a Halloween that died .
is a good name for a movie this delibrately obtuse and unapproachable .
is a good name for a movie this delibrately obtuse and unapproachable . A waste of good performances
is a good name for a movie this delibrately obtuse and unapproachable . A waste of good performances .
is a grim , hollow exercise in flat scares and bad acting
'' Laissez-passer ''
even more damning --
even less capable trio
even less capable
even lower-wit
a movie as artificial and soulless as The Country Bears owes its genesis to an animatronic display at Disneyland
a movie better than this
a movie forged in the fires of Chick Flick Hell
a movie has about as much substance as its end credits blooper reel
a movie in which a bunch of pompous windbags drone on inanely for two hours
The movie is virtually without context -- journalistic or historical . What 's worse is that Pelosi knows it
The movie is virtually without context --
The movie is virtually without context
The movie is undone by a filmmaking methodology that 's just experimental enough to alienate the mainstream audience while ringing cliched to hardened indie-heads .
The movie quickly drags on becoming boring and predictable .
The movie is virtually without context -- journalistic or historical . What 's worse is that Pelosi knows it .
The movie slides downhill as soon as macho action conventions assert themselves .
bigotries
A depressing confirmation
Sunk by way too much indulgence of scene-chewing , teeth-gnashing actorliness .
Sunk by way too much indulgence of scene-chewing , teeth-gnashing actorliness
Supposedly based upon real , or at least soberly reported incidents , the film ends with a large human tragedy . Alas , getting there is not even half the interest .
Supposedly authentic account of a historical event that 's far too tragic to merit such superficial treatment .
Super Troopers suffers because it does n't have enough vices to merit its 103-minute length .
down the toilet in favor of bright flashes
down the toilet in favor of bright flashes and loud bangs
but a complete failure at trying to create some pretty cool characters .
but a clunker
another Arnold vehicle that fails to make adequate use of his particular talents .
annoying score
another Arnold vehicle that fails to make adequate
another breathless movie about same !
this surfer-girl melodrama
this supernatural snore-fest
you come from a family that eats , meddles , argues , laughs , kibbitzes and fights together
does no justice to the story itself
does no justice
does n't understand that the idea of exploiting molestation for laughs is funny , not actually exploiting it yourself .
does n't understand that the idea of exploiting molestation for laughs is funny , not actually exploiting it yourself
does n't tell you anything except that the Chelsea Hotel today is populated by whiny , pathetic , starving and untalented artistes .
does n't work for me .
does n't work because there is no foundation for it
does n't work .
does n't understand the difference between dumb fun and just plain dumb
untidy , condescending and mild
style massacres erupt throughout
stuttering editing and pompous references to Wittgenstein and Kirkegaard
that never springs to life
Sandra Bullock , despite downplaying her good looks , carries a little too much ai n't - she-cute baggage into her lead role as a troubled and determined homicide cop to quite pull off the heavy stuff .
coming down off of Miramax 's deep shelves after a couple of aborted attempts , Waking Up in Reno
coming down off of Miramax 's deep shelves after a couple of aborted attempts , Waking Up in Reno makes
coming down off of Miramax 's deep shelves after a couple of aborted attempts , Waking Up in Reno makes a strong case for letting sleeping dogs lie
coming down off of Miramax 's deep shelves after a couple of aborted attempts , Waking Up in Reno makes a strong case for letting sleeping dogs lie .
coming from a director beginning to resemble someone 's crazy French grandfather
As we have come to learn -- as many times as we have fingers to count on -- Jason is a killer who does n't know the meaning of the word ` quit . ' The filmmakers might want to look it up .
faced with the possibility that her life is meaningless , vapid and devoid of substance , in a movie that is definitely meaningless , vapid and devoid of substance
really bad community theater production
totally lacking
totally disorientated .
Nelson 's intentions are good , but the end result does no justice to the story itself .
Nelson 's intentions are good , but the end result does no justice to the story itself . It 's horribly depressing and not very well done .
Nemesis suffers from a paunchy midsection , several plodding action sequences and a wickedly undramatic central theme .
Never decides whether it wants to be a black comedy , drama , melodrama or some combination of the three .
grows thin soon
is workmanlike in the extreme
is willfully overwrought
grows on you -- like a rash .
grows on you -- like a rash
into pomposity and pretentiousness
into rambling incoherence
into hokum . A Rumor of Angels does n't just slip
few points
few and far between
the ( unfortunately R-rated )
it 's too slowly paced to be a thriller . ( But it 's ) worth recommending because of two marvelous performances by Michael Caine and Brendan Fraser
like the ( unfortunately R-rated ) Paid
it just gets stupid and maudlin .
it is that it does n't give a damn .
it is supposed to be , but ca n't really call it a work of art
of tumbleweeds blowing through the empty theatres
the seemingly irreconcilable
of those crass , contrived sequels that not only fails on its own , but makes you second-guess your affection for the original
the seemingly irreconcilable situation between conservative christian parents and their estranged gay and lesbian children
Tom Green a grimace
Too damn weird
Disguise 24\/7
Disgusting .
Directors Harry Gantz and Joe Gantz have chosen a fascinating subject matter , but the couples exposing themselves are n't all that interesting
that it is impossible to care whether that boast is true or not
Dismally
that it jams too many prefabricated story elements into the running time
that it is n't very good
tell you how tedious
tell it 's not all new
tell stance is admirable , but it can make him a problematic documentary subject
so racked with self-loathing
so outlandish that they border on being cartoonlike
so jarring that it 's hard to get back into the boys ' story
homage pokepie hat , but as a character he 's dry
homage pokepie hat , but as a character he 's dry ,
homage pokepie hat , but as a character he 's dry , dry , dry
slightly flawed
slight but unendurable
felt myself powerfully drawn toward the light -- the light of the exit sign
felt like the same movie to me .
feels stitched together from stock situations and characters from other movies .
feels so distant you might as well be watching it through a telescope
feels strange
stealing harvard is evidence that the farrelly bros . -- peter and bobby -- and their brand of screen comedy are wheezing to an end , along with green 's half-hearted movie career
stealing harvard is evidence that the farrelly bros . -- peter and bobby -- and their brand of screen comedy are wheezing to an end , along with green 's half-hearted movie career .
ugly as the shabby digital photography
ugly exercise
ugliness
stealing harvard aspires to comedic grand larceny but stands convicted of nothing more than petty theft of your time .
ugly , revolting
stealing harvard is a smorgasbord of soliloquies about nothing delivered by the former mr
The story is virtually impossible to follow here
silly subplots
The story is virtually impossible to follow here ,
to burn out of your brain
The story is also as unoriginal as they come , already having been recycled more times than I 'd care to count .
looks elsewhere , seizing on George 's haplessness and Lucy 's personality tics .
from his usual bumbling , tongue-tied screen persona
looking over the outdated clothes and plastic knickknacks at your neighbor 's garage sale
looks elsewhere
the power of these ( subjects ) is obscured by the majority of the film that shows a stationary camera on a subject that could be mistaken for giving a public oration , rather than contributing to a film 's narrative .
who has reached puberty actually finding the characters in Slackers or their antics amusing , let alone funny
touches to a shrill , didactic cartoon
If The Last Man were the last movie left on earth , there would be a toss-up between presiding over the end of cinema as we know it and another night of delightful hand shadows .
If The Full Monty was a freshman fluke , Lucky Break is ( Cattaneo ) sophomore slump .
If The Full Monty was a freshman fluke
If ever a concept came handed down from the movie gods on a silver platter , this is it . If ever such a dependable concept was botched in execution
is an ungainly movie , ill-fitting , with its elbows sticking out where the knees should be .
is an overwhelming sadness that feels as if it has made its way into your very bloodstream
is an uneven film for the most part
the ordeal of sitting through it
should just stick with Austin and Dr Evil .
should know better
should just stick with Austin and Dr Evil
should have hidden it from everyone
should not be forgiven . Why he was given free reign over this project -- he wrote , directed , starred and produced --
jumps around with little logic or continuity , presenting backstage bytes of information that never amount to a satisfying complete picture of this particular , anciently demanding métier
jumps around with little logic or continuity , presenting backstage bytes of information that never amount to a satisfying complete picture of this particular , anciently demanding métier .
the gutless direction by Laurice Guillen
the good and different idea ( of middle-aged romance ) is not handled well and , except for the fine star performances , there is little else to recommend `` Never Again . ''
they are not executed with anything more than perfunctory skill
they are in this tepid genre offering
they 're seeking with Trouble Every Day
they 're watching a 76-minute commercial
they 're trapped by them , forced to change behavior in bizarre unjustified fashion and spout dialog that consists mostly of platitudes
on mindless action
on its shaky foundation
unsuccessful attempt
're left thinking the only reason to make the movie is because present standards allow for plenty of nudity
do n't make movies like they used to anymore
do the genial-rogue shtick to death
more like stereotypical caretakers and moral teachers , instead
more likely to induce sleep than fright
the addition of a wholly unnecessary pre-credit sequence designed to give some of the characters a ` back story
To the civilized mind , a movie like Ballistic : Ecks Vs . Sever is more of an ordeal than an amusement .
To show these characters in the act and give them no feelings of remorse -- and to cut repeatedly to the flashback of the original rape --
To show these characters in the act and give them no feelings of remorse
in conflict with itself
An uncomfortable experience , but
An overly familiar scenario
An uncomfortable experience ,
An uncomfortable experience
Too lazy
Too intensely focused on the travails of being Hal Hartley to function as pastiche , No Such Thing is Hartley 's least accessible screed yet .
endless assault
endless pratfalls
end up with if you took Orwell , Bradbury , Kafka , George Lucas and the Wachowski Brothers and threw them into a blender . But that 's just the problem with it
Too close to Phantom Menace for comfort .
Too clunky and
Too clunky
Too clunky and too busy ribbing itself to be truly entertaining .
Too clunky and too busy
Too intensely focused on the travails of being Hal Hartley to function as pastiche
it 's also one that , next to his best work , feels clumsy and convoluted
it 's also not very good . Especially compared with the television series that inspired the movie .
to do justice to either effort in three hours of screen time
stereotypical
to dog-paddle in the mediocre end of the pool
in flat scares and bad acting
in fact the film is n't as flippant or slick as it thinks it is
in gross-out gags
from the writing and direction to the soggy performances
from their incessant whining
from the writing and direction to the soggy performances --
from this unimaginative comedian
from two fatal ailments -- a dearth of vitality and a story that 's shapeless and uninflected
from too much Norma Rae and not enough Pretty Woman
a plot as musty as one of the Golden Eagle 's carpets
seems based on ugly ideas instead of ugly behavior
a picture that was n't all that great to begin with
a pious , preachy soap opera
a perverse , dangerous libertine and agitator
a perverse , dangerous libertine and agitator -- which would have made for better drama .
a philosophical emptiness and maddeningly sedate pacing
all-wise-guys-all-the-time approach
all-time low
all-wise-guys-all-the-time
all you can do is admire the ensemble players and wonder what the point of it is .
all you can do is shake your head in disbelief -- and worry about what classic Oliver Parker intends to mangle next time
self-consciously arty
self-conscious debut
self-consciously flashy camera effects , droning house music and
self-consciously flashy camera effects , droning house music
allegedly scary
allegedly scary movies
Mark Wahlberg and Thandie Newton are not Hepburn and Grant , two cinematic icons with chemistry galore .
Martha Stewart decorating program run amok
Martin Lawrence Live ' is so self-pitying
even the filmmakers did n't know what kind of movie they were making
even that 's too committed . He gets his secretary to fax it
even that 's too committed .
all the more poignant by the incessant use of cell phones
watches his own appearance on Letterman with a clinical eye
that might otherwise separate them
The sad thing
does n't connect in a neat way , but
does n't connect in a neat way ,
The reason we keep seeing the same movie with roughly the same people every year is because so many of us keep going and then , out of embarrassment or stupidity , not warning anyone .
The reason we keep seeing the same movie with roughly the same people every year
does n't connect in a neat way
The sad thing about Knockaround Guys
The sad thing about Knockaround Guys is its lame aspiration for grasping the coolness vibes when in fact the film is n't as flippant or slick as it thinks it is .
puppet strings
punishment for paying money to see the last James Bond movie
Terminally brain dead production
bodily fluids gag
The Country Bears wastes an exceptionally good idea . But the movie that does n't really deliver for country music fans or for family audiences
The Count of Monte Cristo ... never quite settles on either side
The Country Bears ' should never have been brought out of hibernation
started out as a taut contest of wills between Bacon and Theron , deteriorates into a protracted and
collapses on its shaky foundation despite the best efforts of director Joe Carnahan .
collapses on its shaky foundation
collapses on its shaky foundation despite the best efforts of director Joe Carnahan
seems terrified of the book 's irreverent energy , and scotches most of its lan , humor , bile , and irony
collectible . What parents will suspect is that they 're watching a 76-minute commercial
While Van Wilder may not be the worst National Lampoon film
seems capable only of delivering artfully lighted , earnest inquiries that lack the kind of genuine depth that would make them redeemable
but its abrupt drop in iq points as it races to the finish line proves simply too discouraging to let slide
but a little too smugly superior to like
by a script that assumes you are n't very bright
seen many times
why not invite some genuine spontaneity into the film by having the evil aliens ' laser guns actually hit something for once ?
do that much . Each scene immediately succumbs to gravity and plummets to earth
do not fit
do not fit .
often futile lifestyle
while there 's likely very little crossover appeal to those without much interest in the elizabethans ( as well as rank frustration from those in the know about rubbo 's dumbed-down tactics )
many of these gross
often infuriatingly glib and posturing
post-September 11 , '' The Sum Of All Fears '' seems more tacky and reprehensible , manipulating our collective fear without bestowing the subject with the intelligence or sincerity it unequivocally deserves .
the movie 's downfall is to substitute plot for personality . it
the movie 's downfall is to substitute plot for personality . it does n't really know or care about the characters , and uses them as markers for a series of preordained events
contrived , unmotivated , and
contrived , unmotivated
contrived , overblown and tie-in ready
contrived , overblown and tie-in
contrived , overblown , and entirely implausible
contrived ,
contrivances and overwrought emotion
contradicts everything Kieslowski 's work aspired to , including the condition of art
mongrel
intimidating
is ultimately about as inspiring as a Hallmark card
is ultimately about as inspiring as a Hallmark card .
is twice as bestial but half as funny .
is ultimately rather silly and overwrought , making the ambiguous ending seem goofy rather than provocative
is ultimately rather silly and overwrought , making the ambiguous ending seem goofy rather than provocative .
is ultimately rather silly and overwrought ,
the match that should be used to burn every print of the film
is ultimately scuttled by a plot that 's just too boring and obvious
is a grating , mannered onscreen presence , which is especially unfortunate in light of the fine work done by most of the rest of her cast .
fussy script and uptight characters
future Hollywood sellouts
futile silliness looking to tap into the kiddie sensibilities
is a little scattered -- ditsy ,
is a little scattered -- ditsy
estrogen-free
the mayhem in Formula 51
is a flop with the exception of about six gags that really work .
of embarrassingly ham-fisted sex jokes
of enjoying this film is by lowering your expectations .
at once flaky and resonant ,
characters who are nearly impossible to care about
create a completely numbing experience
the only way to pay for his next project
for terror .
own meager weight
own most damning censure
Troubling and
Troubling
the script , credited to director Abdul Malik Abbott and Ernest ` Tron ' Anderson , seems entirely improvised
It 's somewhat clumsy and too lethargically paced -- but
a disreputable air about the whole thing
charge money for this ?
people usually ignored in contemporary American film .
spends too much time wallowing in Bibi 's generic angst
spends too much time wallowing in Bibi 's generic angst ( there are a lot of shots of her gazing out windows )
schlock-filled fairy tale
be fooled by the impressive cast list
be frightening , too stolid to be funny
the adventures that happen along the way seem repetitive and designed to fill time , providing no real sense of suspense
an unwieldy cast
an unsettling picture of childhood innocence
an unsettling picture
an unimaginative screenwriter 's invention
an unimaginative screenwriter 's
an unimaginative screenwriter
living hell
living mug shots
is just too slim .
see strange young guys doing strange guy things
see in each other also is difficult to fathom
's a stale , overused cocktail using the same olives since 1962 as garnish . Not only is entry number twenty the worst of the Brosnan bunch
see the same old thing
have little patience for Euro-film pretension
wore out its welcome with audiences several years ago
to alienate the mainstream audience while ringing cliched to hardened indie-heads
a commentary about our knowledge of films
low-budget film noir movie
a commentary
to the point of nausea
Patchy combination of soap opera ,
loses
loses his faith
of the increasingly far-fetched events that first-time writer-director Neil Burger follows up with
pleasurable . Something like scrubbing the toilet
Whatever satire Lucky Break was aiming for , it certainly got lost in the '' soon-to-be-forgettable '' section of the quirky rip-off prison romp pile . It 's petty thievery like this that puts flimsy flicks like this behind bars
What you expect is just what you get ... assuming the bar of expectations has n't been raised above sixth-grade height .
What with all the blanket statements and dime-store ruminations on vanity , the worries of the rich and sudden wisdom , the film becomes a sermon for most of its running time .
eschews the previous film 's historical panorama and roiling pathos for bug-eyed mugging and gay-niche condescension
an increasingly unsettling sense
an incurious , uncharismatic , overgrown frat boy with a mean streak a mile wide
an incurious , uncharismatic , overgrown frat boy
For all the writhing and wailing , tears , rage and opium overdoses , there 's no sense of actual passion being washed away in love 's dissolution .
does seem pretty unbelievable at times
For all its surface frenzy , High Crimes should be charged with loitering -- so much on view , so little to offer .
For all its technical virtuosity , the film is so mired in juvenile and near-xenophobic pedagogy that it 's enough to make one pine for the day when Godard can no longer handle the rigors of filmmaking .
inconsequential
every hack-artist trick to give us the ooky-spookies
The only excitement comes when the credits finally roll and you get to leave the theater .
Looks and feels like a low-budget hybrid of Scarface or Carlito 's Way .
When a set of pre-shooting guidelines a director came up with for his actors turns out to be cleverer , better written and of considerable more interest than the finished film , that 's a bad sign .
to the description '' unelected '' have suspected all along : George W . Bush
When a film is created SOLELY because it 's a marketable product , soulless and ugly movies like this are the result .
Looks and feels like a project better suited for the small screen .
reality drain
realize that we really have n't had a good cheesy B-movie playing in theaters since ... well ... since last week 's Reign of Fire
realize there 's no place for this story to go but down
realized that no matter how fantastic Reign of Fire looked , its story was making no sense at all
realized that I just did n't care
at least three dull plots
at least terribly monotonous
abrasive
it could have been so much more
XXX '' crowd
vaporize from your memory minutes after it ends
Takes a clunky TV-movie approach to detailing a chapter in the life of the celebrated Irish playwright , poet and drinker .
Takes a clunky TV-movie approach to detailing a chapter in the life of the celebrated Irish playwright , poet and drinker
Taken as a whole , The Tuxedo does n't add up to a whole lot .
TV skit-com material fervently deposited on the big screen .
TV sitcom material at best
Much like its easily dismissive
a dreary , humorless soap opera
a dud
as mindless
Much like its easily dismissive take on the upscale lifestyle , there is n't much there here .
Perhaps the grossest movie ever made
Perhaps the grossest movie
the performances are so leaden ,
Rymer does n't trust laughs -- and does n't conjure proper respect for followers of the whole dead-undead genre , who deserve more from a vampire pic than a few shrieky special effects .
only Benigni had n't insisted on casting himself in the title role
the wan , thinly sketched story . Killing time ,
vaporize from your memory minutes
the execution is pretty weary
the excitement is missing
the execution is lackluster at best
An overstylized , puréed mélange of sex , psychology , drugs and philosophy .
we only know as an evil , monstrous lunatic
we often reel in when we should be playing out
An obvious copy
An obvious copy of one of the best films ever made , how could it not be ?
An opportunity missed .
An overstylized , puréed mélange
An overstylized , puréed mélange of sex , psychology , drugs and philosophy
the movie , despite its rough edges and a tendency to sag in certain places ,
Nights feels more like a quickie TV special than a feature film ... It 's not even a TV special you 'd bother watching past the second commercial break .
Nights feels more like a quickie TV special than a feature film
Nightmare
Nights feels more like a quickie TV special than a feature film ... It 's not even a TV special you 'd bother watching past the second commercial break
Nights feels more like a quickie TV special than a feature film ...
Nicks , seemingly uncertain what 's going to make people laugh , runs the gamut from stale parody to raunchy sex gags to formula romantic comedy .
The Master of Disguise represents Adam Sandler 's latest attempt to dumb down the universe .
The Man from Elysian Fields is doomed by its smallness
The Man Who Wrote Rocky does not deserve to go down with a ship as leaky as this .
being invited to a classy dinner soiree and not knowing anyone
being lectured to by tech-geeks , if you 're up for that sort of thing
being funny simply by structuring the scenes as if they were jokes
being neither
even all that dumb
For a guy who has waited three years with breathless anticipation for a new Hal Hartley movie to pore over , No Such Thing is a big letdown .
For all its brilliant touches , Dragon loses its fire midway , nearly flickering out by its perfunctory conclusion .
threatens to become didactic
resist
Cal is an unpleasantly shallow and immature character with whom to spend 110 claustrophobic minutes .
Ca n't get enough of libidinous young city dwellers ? Try this obscenely bad dark comedy , so crass that it makes Edward Burns ' Sidewalks of New York look like Oscar Wilde .
Ca n't kick about the assembled talent and the Russos show genuine promise as comic filmmakers . Still , this thing feels flimsy and ephemeral .
presume their audience wo n't sit still for a sociology lesson
pretends to be a serious exploration of nuclear terrorism
pretends to expose the life of male hustlers
pretentious , fascinating , ludicrous , provocative and vainglorious
Watching Austin Powers in Goldmember is like binging on cotton candy . It 's sweet and fluffy at the time , but it may leave you feeling a little sticky and unsatisfied
Watching Austin Powers in Goldmember is like binging on cotton candy . It 's sweet and fluffy at the time , but it may leave you feeling a little sticky and unsatisfied .
As earnest as a community-college advertisement , American Chai is enough to make you put away the guitar , sell the amp , and apply to medical school .
As earnest as a community-college advertisement
As it stands , Crocodile Hunter has the hurried , badly cobbled look of the 1959 Godzilla , which combined scenes of a Japanese monster flick with canned shots of Raymond Burr commenting on the monster 's path of destruction .
low-budget and tired
low-budget and
low-budget TV pilot
low-budget Full Frontal
an egg timer for 93 minutes
yet also decidedly uncinematic
its subsequent reinvention , a terrifying study of bourgeois
makes even Elizabeth Hurley seem graceless and ugly
makes even Elizabeth Hurley seem graceless and ugly .
makes even Jason X ... look positively Shakesperean by comparison
it wears you down like a dinner guest showing off his doctorate
it wears out its welcome as tryingly as the title character .
into an otherwise mediocre film
into a typical romantic triangle
indignation
indie tatters and self-conscious seams
landing squarely on `` stupid ''
lame comedy .
lame .
late fees
so tedious it makes the silly spy vs . spy film The Sum of All Fears
so uninspiring
One of these days Hollywood will come up with an original idea for a teen movie
One of these days Hollywood will come up with an original idea for a teen movie ,
somebody unwrapped it early , took out all the good stuff , and left behind the crap ( literally ) .
some weird Masterpiece Theater sketch with neither
somebody was bored and ... decided to make a dull , pretentious version of Jesus ' Son
someone other than the director got into the editing room and tried to improve things by making the movie go faster
someone other than the director
let a gag die
earnest as a community-college advertisement
a superficial way , while never sure
the witless ageism
the witless
for a slummy Hollywood caper flick
for a weak movie
thoroughly overbearing
, the old MIB label stands for Milder Is n't Better .
subzero version
yawn-provoking little farm melodrama .
That 's its first sign of trouble
bumbling
a clunky TV-movie approach to detailing a chapter in the life of the celebrated Irish playwright , poet and drinker
god awful
'' Abandon '' will leave you wanting to abandon the theater .
' should never have been brought out of hibernation
' the play more has partly closed it down .
' tries to force its quirkiness upon the audience .
to the tailor for some major alterations
would be a total washout
that as far as these shootings are concerned , something is rotten in the state of California
their feces
plundered by similar works featuring the insight
plugged an irritating character late
ill-advised meddling
ill-advised
ill-conceived and expensive project
ill-conceived and expensive
ill-conceived and
ill-conceived action pieces
ill-conceived modern-day ending
ill-conceived folly
to the soggy performances
that has nothing
, cruel as it may sound , he makes Arnold Schwarzenegger look like Spencer Tracy .
, despite many talky , slow scenes
the big finish was n't something
that has no point and goes nowhere
will certainly want to spend their time in the theater thinking up grocery lists and ways to tell their kids how not to act like Pinocchio . As for children
The subject of swinging still seems ripe for a documentary -- just not this one .
The stupidest , most insulting movie of 2002 's first quarter .
this summer that do not involve a dentist drill
this tired retread
plodding and
plodding action sequences
plodding soap opera
plodding soap opera disguised as a feature film
plods along methodically , somehow under the assumption that its '' dead wife communicating from beyond the grave '' framework is even remotely new or interesting .
plods along methodically , somehow under the assumption that its '' dead wife communicating from beyond the grave '' framework is even remotely new or interesting
manages just to be depressing , as the lead actor phones in his autobiographical performance .
manages just to be depressing , as the lead actor phones in his autobiographical performance
manages to be even worse than its title
would anyone cast the magnificent Jackie Chan in a movie full of stunt doubles and special effects
would anyone cast the magnificent Jackie Chan in a movie full of stunt doubles and special effects ?
would 've reeked of a been-there , done-that sameness .
would 've worked a lot better had it been a short film
Gussied up with so many distracting special effects and visual party tricks that it 's not clear whether we 're supposed to shriek or laugh .
the people who watched the robots getting butchered in A . I .
as tryingly as the title
as though you rode the Zipper after eating a corn dog and an extra-large cotton candy
as those monologues stretch on and on , you realize there 's no place for this story to go but down
as those monologues stretch on and on
as ugly as the shabby digital photography
obscenely bad dark comedy
obscure and self-indulgent
obnoxious comedy
obnoxious as Tom Green 's Freddie Got Fingered
obscenely bad
obscenely
obscured by the majority of the film that shows a stationary camera on a subject that could be mistaken for giving a public oration , rather than contributing to a film 's narrative
a little too smugly
I can imagine this movie as a b & w British comedy , circa 1960 , with Peter Sellers , Kenneth Williams , et al. , but at this time , with this cast , this movie is hopeless .
I can imagine this movie as a b & w British comedy , circa 1960 , with Peter Sellers , Kenneth Williams , et al. , but at this time , with this cast , this movie is hopeless
I ca n't think of a single good reason to see this movie , even though everyone in my group extemporaneously shouted , `
a little underconfident
Jason X is positively anti-Darwinian : nine sequels and 400 years later , the teens are none the wiser and Jason still kills on auto-pilot
Sodden and glum
Rowling that stifles creativity and allows the film to drag on for nearly three hours
it has some problems
Solondz is without doubt an artist of uncompromising vision , but that vision is beginning to feel , if not morally bankrupt , at least terribly monotonous .
the most repellent movie of 2002
is they have a tendency to slip into hokum .
is thinking that we needed sweeping , dramatic , Hollywood moments to keep us
is this bad on purpose
No aspirations
No aspirations to social import
No aspirations to social import inform the movie version
No aspirations to social import inform the movie version . This is a shameless sham , calculated to cash in on the popularity of its stars .
No more
No movement
No movement ,
No movement , no yuks ,
No movement , no yuks , not much of anything
Insufferably naive .
A pathetically inane and unimaginative
A pathetically
A pathetically inane and unimaginative cross between XXX and Vertical Limit .
A peculiar misfire that even Tunney ca n't save .
a fun -- but bad -- movie
moldy and obvious
quit . '
no solace here ,
no solace here
no satisfaction
no respect for laws , political correctness or common decency
no respect
want to take a reality check before you pay the full ticket price to see '' Simone , '' and consider a DVD rental instead
've got seven days left to live .
've grown tired of going where no man has gone before
wannabe comic Adams ' attempts
've come to expect more from this studio than some 79-minute after-school `` cartoon ''
plying
An impenetrable and insufferable ball
An impenetrable and insufferable ball of pseudo-philosophic twaddle
An impenetrable and insufferable ball of pseudo-philosophic twaddle .
An imponderably stilted and self-consciously arty movie
An exercise in cynicism every bit as ugly as the shabby digital photography and muddy sound
An exercise in cynicism every bit as ugly as the shabby digital photography and muddy sound .
while physically and emotionally disintegrating over the course of the movie has a certain poignancy in light of his recent death
An imponderably stilted and self-consciously arty movie .
An inconsequential
is impossible to find the film anything but appalling , shamelessly manipulative and contrived , and totally lacking in conviction
is impossible to find the film anything but
is impossible to care about and is n't very funny
yourself praying for a quick resolution
zeal to spread propaganda
zero
its screwed-up characters
that drifts aimlessly for 90 minutes before lodging in the cracks of that ever-growing category
that even Tunney ca n't save
that even 3 Oscar winners ca n't overcome
Wal-Mart budget
seem tired and ,
subjective
by the end , you just do n't care whether that cold-hearted snake petrovich ( that would be reno ) gets his comeuppance . just bring on the battle bots , please !
seem so impersonal or even shallow
think of a film more cloyingly sappy than Evelyn
trailer-trash style . Entertaining but like shooting fish in a barrel .
screamingly neurotic
nothing going for it other than its exploitive array of obligatory cheap
nothing in it to engage children emotionally
nothing distinguishing
nothing distinguishing in a Randall Wallace film
There 's suspension of disbelief and then there 's bad screenwriting ... this film packs a wallop of the latter .
Slap me , I saw this movie .
on some levels
Several uninteresting , unlikeable people do bad things to and with each other in '' Unfaithful . '' Why anyone who is not a character in this movie should care is beyond me
Several uninteresting , unlikeable people do bad things to and with each other in '' Unfaithful . ''
rehashes to feed to the younger generations
tick-tock pacing
mined his personal horrors and
mindless junk
mindless junk like this that makes you appreciate original romantic comedies like Punch-Drunk Love
mindless without being the peak of all things insipid
to often play like a milquetoast movie of the week blown up for the big screen
be one of those movies barely registering a blip on the radar screen of 2002 .
to no particularly memorable effect
to offend .
to much more than trite observations on the human condition
ripe for a warmed-over James Bond adventure , with a village idiot as the 007 clone
the half-lit , sometimes creepy intimacy
ripe for a documentary -- just not this one
the gum stuck under my seat trying to sneak out of the theater
the growing , moldering pile
the guise of a dark and quirky comedy
rigid performances
what he 's already done way too often
'd have a 90-minute , four-star movie . as it is , it 's too long and unfocused
put someone who ultimately does n't learn at the center of a kids ' story
telegraphs every discovery and layers on the gloss of convenience .
's slide down the slippery slope of dishonesty after an encounter with the rich and the powerful who have nothing but disdain for virtue
's really only one good idea in this movie
hanging
relic from a bygone era , and its convolutions ...
the cold
the predictable parent vs .
Just what
Confounding because it solemnly advances a daringly preposterous thesis
Confounding
the result is more puzzling than unsettling
you 're the kind of parent who enjoys intentionally introducing your kids to films which will cause loads of irreparable damage that years and years of costly analysis could never fix
relying on the very digital technology that he fervently scorns , creating a meandering , inarticulate and ultimately disappointing film
the rest of the cast comes across as stick figures reading lines from a TelePrompTer .
the rest is just an overexposed waste of film
of the original and , instead , rehash old jokes
the rest of us , sitting through Dahmer 's two hours amounts to little more than punishment
about starting with a more original story instead of just slapping extreme humor and gross-out gags on top of the same old crap
about sex gags and prom dates
from its unsettling prognosis
no story , folks
no surprise to see a world-class filmmaker like Zhang Yimou behind the camera for a yarn that 's ultimately rather inconsequential
no sense of humor
no story
no story ,
no saving the movie . Sorry , Charlie
no sense .
it makes your teeth hurt
is a subzero version of Monsters , Inc. , without the latter 's imagination
it lacks in originality
it might as well be the resuscitation of the middle-aged character
is a subzero version of Monsters , Inc. , without the latter 's imagination ,
of a story , full of holes and completely lacking in chills . Ignore the reputation , and ignore the film
is a subzero version of Monsters , Inc. , without the latter 's imagination , visual charm or texture .
of a script in need of polishing
you watch them clumsily mugging their way through Snow Dogs
, confusing spectacle
, clumsily used visual tricks and self-indulgent actor moments .
, comedy-deficient , B-movie
, condescending and mild
, cliche-bound epic-horror yarn
, cliched
forget
sinks further and further into comedy futility .
sinks further and further into comedy futility
singularly off-putting romantic comedy .
sink the movie .
sink the film for anyone who does n't think about percentages all day long
you wanting to abandon the theater
gets ever so wrong
gets clunky on the screen
gets more tiresome
gets increasingly tiresome
gets more tiresome , especially as it continues to mount a conspicuous effort to be profound
gets more tiresome ,
if ultimately not quite satisfying
as artificial as the video games Japanese teens play
whose lives are never fully explored
whose makers apparently believe that women 's clothing can cover up any deficiency in acting , writing or direction
whose only apparent
through vulgarities in a sequel you can refuse
Alternative medicine obviously has its merits ... but Ayurveda does the field no favors .
to place blame
as the tiresome rant of an aging filmmaker still thumbing his nose at convention
talk down to them
in a cinematic year already littered with celluloid garbage
in a blur of dead ends and distracting camera work
in a difficult-to-swallow setting
A well acted and well intentioned snoozer .
Though it 's become almost redundant to say so
Though the controversial Korean filmmaker 's latest effort is not for all tastes
, but to diminishing effect
, by more objective measurements it 's still quite bad .
emotional seesawing
The uneven movie does have its charms and its funny moments but not quite enough of them .
This movie sucks . '
The very simple story seems too simple and the working out of the plot almost arbitrary .
This misty-eyed Southern nostalgia piece , in treading the line between sappy and sanguine , winds up mired in tear-drenched quicksand .
This movie ... does n't deserve the energy it takes to describe how bad it is .
The whole mess
This overproduced piece of dreck is shockingly bad and absolutely unnecessary . Hmmm ... might I suggest that the wayward wooden one end it all by stuffing himself into an electric pencil sharpener ?
The whole mess boils down to a transparently hypocritical work that feels as though it 's trying to set the women 's liberation movement back 20 years .
The whole talking-animal thing is grisly .
The whole thing 's fairly lame , making it par for the course for Disney sequels .
failure .
) noisy
leave your date behind for this one
the small screen
wants to be liked by the people who can still give him work .
repetitious
a silly hack-and-slash flick
a cinematic gymnast having too much fun embellishing the misanthropic tale to actually engage it
a child 's interest and an adult 's patience
a cheap scam put together by some cynical creeps at revolution studios and imagine entertainment to make the suckers out there surrender $ 9 and 93 minutes of unrecoverable life .
a cheap scam put together by some cynical creeps at revolution studios and imagine entertainment to make the suckers out there surrender $ 9 and 93 minutes of unrecoverable life
Suffers from over-familiarity since hit-hungry British filmmakers
seeming slow and pretentious
seeming slow and pretentious , because it thinks the gamble is worth the promise
seem more like disturbing hallucinations
a working over .
a mundane '70s disaster flick
a nagging sense
a mushy , existential exploration of why men leave their families
the slowest person in the audience -- just pure slapstick with lots of inane , inoffensive screaming and exaggerated facial expressions
way fears and slights
Like the excruciating End of Days , Collateral Damage presents Schwarzenegger as a tragic figure ,
Like the excruciating End of Days , Collateral Damage presents Schwarzenegger as a tragic figure , but
Like the excruciating End of Days , Collateral Damage presents Schwarzenegger as a tragic figure , but sympathy really belongs with any viewer forced to watch him try out so many complicated facial expressions
Like the excruciating End of Days , Collateral Damage presents Schwarzenegger as a tragic figure , but sympathy really belongs with any viewer forced to watch him try out so many complicated facial expressions .
Likely to have decades of life as a classic movie franchise ? Let 's hope not
extremely languorous rhythms
extremely flat lead performance
as many misses as hits , but ultimately
pretty tattered
director D . J . Caruso 's grimy visual veneer and
direction and complete lack
seem to be surefire casting . The catch is that they 're stuck with a script that prevents them from firing on all cylinders
of critical overkill
The cumulative effect of the movie is repulsive and depressing .
The cumulative effect of watching this 65-minute trifle
Gets the look and the period trappings right , but it otherwise drowns in a sea of visual and verbal clichés .
Medem may have disrobed most of the cast , leaving their bodies exposed , but the plot remains as guarded as a virgin with a chastity belt
Meandering and confusing .
Get out
Get out your pooper-scoopers .
Get out your pooper-scoopers
the peak of all things insipid
did not figure out a coherent game
did they deem it necessary to document all this emotional misery
did n't quite engage this adult
did n't reserve enough for his second
did n't mean much to me
did n't mean much to me and
Call me a cynic , but there 's something awfully deadly about any movie with a life-affirming message .
Call me a cynic ,
El Crimen Del Padre Amaro would likely be most effective if used as a tool to rally anti-Catholic protestors .
Egoyan has done too much .
Eight Legged Freaks falls flat as a spoof .
Eisenstein lacks considerable brio for a film about one of cinema 's directorial giants .
Eight Crazy Nights is a total misfire .
A cleverly crafted but ultimately hollow mockumentary .
nit-picky
no art grows from a vacuum
no clear picture
is funny -- not '' ha ha '' funny , '' dead circus performer '' funny . And for all the wrong reasons besides .
is funny -- not '' ha ha '' funny , '' dead circus performer '' funny . And for all the wrong reasons besides
Interview With the Assassin is structured less as a documentary and more as a found relic , and as such the film has a difficult time shaking its Blair Witch Project real-time roots .
unimaginable horror
unimaginable demons
Interminably bleak , to say nothing of boring .
Interminably bleak
Interview With the Assassin is structured less as a documentary and more as a found relic , and as such the film has a difficult time shaking its Blair Witch Project real-time roots
Interview With the Assassin is structured less as a documentary and more as a found relic ,
the humor did n't quite engage this adult .
the idea of why human beings long for what they do n't have , and how this gets us in trouble
bored and ...
bored and
bored
bore
boring
boredom
bored and ... decided to make a dull , pretentious version of jesus ' son
's badder than bad .
's badder than bad
's as sorry a mess as its director 's diabolical debut , Mad Cows .
's as sorry a mess as its director 's diabolical debut , Mad Cows
with a sour cliche
with a sour taste in one 's mouth , and little else
with a shred of plausibility
looks like he 's not trying to laugh at how bad
nonsensical and laughable
nonsensical and laughable plotting
nor truly edgy -- merely crassly flamboyant and comedically labored .
nor terribly funny
nor truly edgy -- merely crassly flamboyant and comedically labored
that turns me into that annoying specimen of humanity that I usually dread encountering the most
that turns me into that annoying specimen of humanity that I usually dread encountering the most - The Fanboy
is a much better mother-daughter tale than last summer 's ` Divine Secrets of the Ya-Ya Sisterhood , ' but that 's not saying much
to substitute plot for personality . It does n't really know or care about the characters , and uses them as markers for a series of preordained events
to supply too much of the energy in a film that is , overall , far too staid for its subject matter
wo n't make much of a splash when it 's released , and will not be remembered long afterwards
schticky Chris Rock and stolid Anthony Hopkins ,
squanders its beautiful women
squanders as much as it gives out .
squanders as much as it gives out
squander on offal like this
spy action flick with Antonio Banderas and Lucy Liu never comes together
spreads them pretty thin
her material is not first-rate
who do n't know how to tell a story for more than four minutes
The plot grows thin soon , and you find yourself praying for a quick resolution
The plot grows thin soon
The plot grows thin soon ,
who do everything humanly possible to create characters who are sweet and believable , and are defeated by a screenplay that forces them into bizarre , implausible behavior
who enjoy moaning about their cruel fate
in a flashy , empty sub-music video style
in a flat manner
's not as single-minded as John Carpenter 's original
's not quite the memorable experience it might have been
's not very well shot or composed or edited
Wait for video
Waiting For Happiness is a bad film
somewhat backhanded
somewhat clumsy
somewhat clumsy and
somewhat clumsy and too lethargically paced
somewhat short
an asinine ` twist ' that brazenly rips off The Sixth Sense
an arthritic attempt at directing by Callie Khouri .
an arthritic attempt
lies ...
lie down in a dark room with something cool
lies ... footage that might have made No Such Thing a trenchant , ironic cultural satire instead of a frustrating misfire
lies ... footage that might have made No Such Thing a trenchant , ironic cultural satire instead of a frustrating misfire .
depend on your threshold for pop manifestations of the Holy Spirit
depend on empathy . If there ai n't none , you have a problem .
It squanders Chan 's uniqueness ; it could even be said to squander Jennifer Love Hewitt !
exposes the limitations of his skill and the basic flaws in his vision . '
exposes the limitations of his skill and the basic flaws in his vision .
exposes the limitations of his skill and the basic flaws in his vision
, and irritating
, as a writer , Mr . Montias is n't nearly as good to his crew as he is as a director or actor .
, anywhere could have thought they 'd make audiences guffaw with a script as utterly diabolical as this
barely shocking
barely registering a blip on the radar screen of 2002
barely interesting
barely shocking , barely interesting and most
barely shocking , barely interesting
barely shocking ,
macabre
macabre , self-deprecating sense
barely shocking , barely interesting and most of all ,
barely shocking , barely interesting and most of all
as cloying or preachy as equivalent evangelical Christian movies
as cloying or preachy
as drama
as equivalent evangelical Christian movies
strives to be intimate and socially encompassing but fails to do justice to either effort in three hours of screen time
The lack of pace kills it , although , in a movie about cancer , this might be apt .
The lack of pace
The lack of opposing viewpoints soon grows tiresome -- the film feels more like a series of toasts at a testimonial dinner than a documentary .
The lack of opposing viewpoints soon grows tiresome -- the film feels more like a series of toasts at a testimonial dinner than a documentary
The lack of opposing viewpoints soon grows tiresome --
The lack of opposing viewpoints soon grows tiresome
The lack of opposing viewpoints
Saving Private Ryan . He may have meant the Internet short Saving Ryan 's Privates .
Saving Private Ryan . He may have meant the Internet short Saving Ryan 's Privates
psychotic than romantic
Schaefer 's ... determination to inject farcical raunch
If you 're in the mood for a melodrama narrated by talking fish
If you 're not a fan , it might be like trying to eat Brussels sprouts
; a Triumph , however , it is not .
; absurd , yet tremendously sad
a movie instead of an endless trailer
and hate -- about the movie biz
and hatred
degraded things
presented in such a lousy way , complete with some of the year 's ( unintentionally ) funniest moments , that it 's impossible to care
present Ah Na 's life as a slight , weightless fairy tale , whose most unpleasant details seem to melt away in the face of the character 's blank-faced optimism
degrading and
stretches the running time about 10 minutes past a child 's interest and an adult 's patience
's about as convincing as any other Arnie musclefest , but has a little too much resonance with real world events and ultimately comes off as insultingly simplistic .
's about as convincing as any other Arnie musclefest , but has a little too much resonance with real world events
's about as convincing as any other Arnie musclefest , but has a little too much resonance with real world events and
's about as convincing as any other Arnie musclefest , but has a little too much resonance with real world events and ultimately comes off as insultingly simplistic
's about as convincing as any other Arnie musclefest
's about as convincing as any other Arnie musclefest ,
, though lovers of the book may wonder why it 's necessary
, those reaching for more tissues and those begging for mercy
, this white-trash satire
, though perhaps it 's an emotion closer to pity
you feel guilty about it
you feel like a chump
you feel like running out screaming
you feel like you 're watching an iceberg melt -- only
you forgive every fake , dishonest , entertaining and , ultimately , more perceptive moment in Bridget Jones 's Diary
the images often look smeary and blurry , to the point of distraction . Then again , in a better movie
though flawed
Barney 's crushingly self-indulgent spectacle
, flip and terribly hip bit of cinematic entertainment .
in a black man getting humiliated by a pack of dogs who are smarter than him
in `` Unfaithful
a bit cold and relatively flavorless
a big middle-fingered ``
a beautiful food entrée that is n't heated properly , so that it ends up a bit cold and relatively flavorless
a bit anachronistic
a big middle-fingered `` shut up '' to those who talk up what is nothing more than two guys beating the hell outta
a bit cold and
One of the more glaring signs of this movie 's servitude to its superstar
One of the more glaring signs of this movie 's servitude to its superstar is the way it skirts around any scenes that might have required genuine acting from Ms . Spears .
One long string of cliches .
One of those movies where you walk out of the theater not feeling
One of the more irritating cartoons
One of the more irritating cartoons you will see this , or any , year .
too long ,
too little excitement and zero compelling storyline
too immature and unappealing to care about
too heady for children , and too preachy
too long , too cutesy
is like a year late for tapping into our reality tv obsession , and even tardier for exploiting the novelty of the '' webcast .
for improvement
for idiots who do n't care what kind of sewage they shovel into their mental gullets to simulate sustenance
is less concerned with cultural and political issues than doting on its eccentric characters .
is less compelling than the circumstances of its making .
is less compelling than the circumstances of its making
is like a year late for tapping into our reality tv obsession , and even tardier for exploiting the novelty of the '' webcast
is like Scorsese 's Mean Streets redone by someone who ignored it in favor of old ` juvenile delinquent ' paperbacks with titles like Leather Warriors and Switchblade Sexpot .
is like Scorsese 's Mean Streets redone by someone who ignored it in favor of old ` juvenile delinquent ' paperbacks with titles like Leather Warriors and Switchblade Sexpot
It 's not exactly a gourmet meal
is degraded , handheld Blair Witch video-cam footage
is clear : Not easily and , in the end , not well enough .
is cloudy , the picture making becalmed .
the camp to create a completely numbing experience
What remains is a variant of the nincompoop Benigni persona , here a more annoying , though less angry version of the irresponsible Sandlerian manchild , undercut by the voice of the star of Road Trip .
where its intended under-12 audience is concerned
which can only qualify as a terrible tragedy
is by far the worst movie of the year
is by far the worst movie of the year .
Birthday Girl 's calculated events
Black II achieves ultimate insignificance
many false scares
many definitions of ` time waster '
The film 's desire to be liked sometimes undermines the possibility for an exploration of the thornier aspects of the nature\/nurture argument in regards to homosexuality .
The film 's desire to be liked sometimes
most unpleasant
most poorly staged and lit action
most third-rate horror sequels
... is the parade of veteran painters , confounded dealers , and miscellaneous bohos who expound upon the subject 's mysterious personality without ever explaining him .
You could say that it 's slow at times
You would n't call The Good Girl a date movie ( an anti-date movie is more like it )
You might not buy the ideas .
to discern flimsy screenplays
contest to see who can out-bad-act the other
conventional -- lots of boring talking heads , etc. --
conventional -- lots of boring talking heads , etc. -- to do the subject matter justice
to disguise the fact that the characters barely move
, the score is too insistent
helpful to listen to extremist name-calling , regardless of whether you think Kissinger was a calculating fiend or just a slippery self-promoter
that will do little to advance the Linux cause
take the warning literally
the feeble examples
tell with all the crashing and banging where the salesmanship ends
take the warning literally , and log on to something more user-friendly
take place indoors in formal settings with motionless characters
take place indoors in formal settings with motionless characters .
under its own meager weight
under my seat trying to sneak out of the theater
under the assumption that its '' dead wife communicating from beyond the grave '' framework is even remotely new or interesting
under the weight of too many story lines
for brief nudity and a grisly corpse
'' grenade
'' occurs about 7 times during Windtalkers
this studio than some 79-minute after-school `` cartoon ''
this story gets sillier , not scarier , as it goes along ...
thoroughly awful
this uncharismatically
it goes off the rails in its final 10 or 15 minutes
it threatens to get bogged down in earnest dramaturgy
unlikely team
unmentionable
's a sad , sick sight
's a road-trip drama with too many wrong turns
's a road-trip drama with too many wrong turns .
's a real shame that so much of the movie -- again , as in The Animal -- is a slapdash mess
's a real shame that so much of the movie -- again , as in The Animal -- is a slapdash mess .
's a real shame
's a pretty listless collection of kid-movie clichés
's a pretty listless collection of kid-movie clichés .
that was probably more fun to make than it is to sit through
like watching a nightmare made flesh
like watching an Alfred Hitchcock movie after drinking twelve beers
like the movie 's various victimized audience members after a while
like the nightmare you had a week ago that wo n't go away
to conceal its contrivances
made before , like beau travil and nenette et boni , could prepare us for this gory , perverted , sex-soaked riff on the cannibal genre
no psychology here ,
no particularly memorable effect
no place for this story to go but down
no psychology
the horror concept completely loses its creepy menace .
that while cleverly worked out , can not overcome blah characters
a half beat off
a grim future that does n't come close to the level of intelligence and visual splendour that can be seen in other films
a guy who is utterly unlikeable
a halfhearted twist on its cautionary message
a halfhearted twist on its cautionary message :
the insubstantial plot
cliched dialogue
cliched and clunky
cliched dialogue and perverse escapism
cliched dialogue and
that years and years of costly analysis could never fix
... has about 3\/4th the fun of its spry 2001 predecessor -- but it 's a rushed , slapdash , sequel-for-the-sake - of-a-sequel with less than half the plot and ingenuity .
... hits every cliche we 've come to expect , including the assumption that `` crazy '' people are innocent , childlike and inherently funny .
... has thrown every suspenseful cliché in the book at this nonsensical story .
... hypnotically dull .
... instead go rent `` Shakes The Clown '' , a much funnier film with a similar theme and an equally great Robin Williams performance .
... in trying to capture the novel 's deeper intimate resonances , the film has -- ironically - distanced us from the characters .
Watching Trouble Every Day , at least if you do n't know what 's coming
Watching Trouble Every Day , at least if you do n't know what 's coming , is like biting into what looks like a juicy , delicious plum on a hot summer day and coming away with your mouth full of rotten pulp and living worms .
in insipid vulgarity
Watching it is rather like an overlong visit from a large group of your relatives . As your relatives swap one mundane story after another
every other Seagal movie , only louder
every theater stuck with it
it does n't even seem like she tried
it ends up falling short as a whole
it fails to get
it falls down in its attempts to humanize its subject
in his first film , set himself a task he is not nearly up to
in his grave , along with my stomach
are sweet and believable , and are defeated by a screenplay that forces them into bizarre , implausible behavior
wo n't like looking at it
wo n't hold up over the long haul
positively decadent in its cinematic flash and emptiness .
essentially awkward version
especially when the payoff is an unschooled comedy like Stealing Harvard , which fails to keep 80 minutes from seeming like 800
especially with the weak payoff
a frightful vanity film
a formula that worked five years ago but has since lost its fizz
a fragmented film
a fourth-rate Jim Carrey who does n't understand the difference between dumb fun and just plain dumb
the screenplay is stiff as a board ,
the script 's endless assault
Shreve 's graceful dual narrative gets clunky on the screen , and
Shreve 's graceful dual narrative gets clunky on the screen ,
Showtime is one of the hapless victims of the arrogant '' if we put together a wry white man and a chatty black man and give them guns , the movie will be funny '' syndrome .
Showtime is crammed full of them
Shreve 's graceful dual narrative gets clunky on the screen , and we keep getting torn away from the compelling historical tale to a less-compelling soap opera .
Shreve 's graceful dual narrative gets clunky on the screen , and we keep getting torn away from the compelling historical tale to a less-compelling soap opera
the script 's endless assault of embarrassingly ham-fisted sex jokes
the diplomat 's tweaked version of statecraft may have cost thousands and possibly millions of lives
often hackneyed or just plain crude
More busy than exciting , more frantic than involving , more chaotic than entertaining .
More intellectually scary than dramatically involving .
More busy than exciting
More a gunfest than a Rock concert .
those movies barely registering a blip on the radar screen of 2002
domestic tragedy
doing something else far more pleasurable . Something like scrubbing the toilet . Or emptying rat traps .
doing something else far more pleasurable . Something like scrubbing the toilet .
makes for snappy prose but a stumblebum of a movie
done , running off the limited chemistry created by Ralph Fiennes and Jennifer Lopez
Accuracy and realism are terrific , but if your film becomes boring , and your dialogue is n't smart , then you need to use more poetic license .
this woefully hackneyed movie , directed by Scott Kalvert
this woefully hackneyed movie , directed by Scott Kalvert ,
this woefully hackneyed movie , directed by Scott Kalvert , about street gangs and turf wars in 1958 Brooklyn -- stale cliches , gratuitous violence , or empty machismo
this woefully hackneyed movie
this woefully hackneyed movie ,
this year 's Razzie
artificial
far tamer
far less sophisticated and
beyond its limit to sustain a laugh
beyond mild disturbance or detached pleasure at the acting
Talkiness is n't necessarily bad , but the dialogue frequently misses the mark
Talkiness is n't necessarily bad , but the dialogue frequently misses the mark .
of lo mein and General Tso 's chicken barely give a thought to the folks who prepare and deliver it
and revenge
and sappy fiascoes he 's been making for the last several years
Perceptive in its vision of nascent industrialized world politics as a new art form , but far too clunky , didactic and saddled with scenes that seem simply an ill fit for this movie
unforgettably stupid stunts
for all his disparate Manhattan denizens -- especially the a \*\* holes
for an absurd finale of twisted metal , fireballs and revenge
because it aims so low
because it 's so bad
because it is dull
because it is all windup and not much of a pitch
because he acts so goofy all the time
alienate the mainstream audience
alienate
alienated
alienate the mainstream audience while ringing cliched to hardened indie-heads
great missed opportunity
great pity
want to bang your head on the seat in front of you , at its cluelessness , at its idiocy , at its utterly misplaced earnestness
want to lie down in a dark room with something cool to my brow
it 's badder than bad .
The ending does leave you unfulfilled ,
unlikable characters
unlikable , uninteresting , unfunny , and completely , utterly inept .
miscasts
misanthropic tale
miscasts nearly every leading character .
miscasts nearly every leading character
mirthless Todd Solondzian satire and callow student film
made me realize that we really have n't had a good cheesy B-movie playing in theaters since ... well ... since last week 's Reign of Fire .
made me realize that we really have n't had a good cheesy B-movie playing in theaters since ... well ... since last week 's Reign of Fire
made me want to pack raw dough in my ears .
made me want to pack raw dough in my ears
misconceived enterprise
its nauseating spinning credits sequence
its mind -- maybe too much
its moment
its most glaring
its music or
a Reader 's Digest condensed version
he demonstrates that he 's a disloyal satyr
induce sleep than fright
induce sleep
induces headaches
indulgent two-hour-and-fifteen-minute length
induces headaches more slowly
ineffective
inelegant
geeky or
when the explosions start , they fall to pieces
when something goes bump in the night and nobody cares
when poor Hermocrates and Leontine pathetically compare notes about their budding amours
when none of them are ever any good
satanic
's nothing fresh about Wannabes , which was written by Mr . DeMeo , who produced and directed the film with Charles A . Addessi , much of the time
's not terribly original
of a film that does n't know what it wants to be
of a film that are still looking for a common through-line
spends too much time wallowing in bibi 's generic angst
sappy and , worse , runs away from its own provocative theme .
spends too much time wallowing in bibi 's generic angst ( there are a lot of shots of her gazing out windows )
sappy ethnic sleeper
about as unsettling to watch as an exploratory medical procedure or an autopsy
about being subjected to farts , urine , feces , semen , or any of the other foul substances
sappy and , worse , runs away from its own provocative theme
in this predictable thriller
bemused contempt
that he went back to school to check out the girls -- his film is a frat boy 's idea of a good time
that he obviously does n't have his heart in it
that he tosses a kitchen sink onto a story already overladen with plot conceits
that if the concept is a poor one , there 's no saving the movie . Sorry , Charlie
manchild , undercut by the voice of the star of road trip
be a directing license , so that Ed Burns can have his revoked
be a dramatic actor -- just not in this movie
be a cheap knockoff
just too bad it does n't have more flashes of insight
hate it
that virtually no one is bound to show up at theatres for it
with miscast leads , banal dialogue and an absurdly overblown climax , killing me softly belongs firmly in the so-bad-it 's - good camp .
find little of interest in this film , which is often preachy and poorly acted
find hard to follow
find it migraine-inducing , despite Moore 's attempts at whimsy and spoon feeding
find little of interest
find little new
just is n't worth telling
just is n't able to muster for a movie that , its title notwithstanding , should have been a lot nastier if it wanted to fully capitalize on its lead 's specific gifts
just ca n't take it any more
just bad
just does n't have much else ... especially
just does n't cut it
just fell apart
just impossible
even for one whose target demographic is likely still in the single digits
even he is overwhelmed by predictability
even less when it turns into an elegiacally soggy Saving Private Ryanovich
even its target audience talked all the way through it
Is It There ? is not easy
the usual whoopee-cushion effort
make you wish Jacquot had left well enough alone and just filmed the opera without all these distortions of perspective
like it 's about teenagers , than it was written by teenagers
like it 's about teenagers , than it was written by teenagers .
hard to believe that a life like this can sound so dull
unlikely to demonstrate the emotional clout to sweep U . S . viewers off their feet
three vapid , insensitive people who take
three vapid , insensitive people
thought would leave you cold
hard to burn out of your brain
hard to believe these jokers are supposed to have pulled off four similar kidnappings before
hard to follow
hard to know whether or not to recommend this film because for every thing it does right there 's at least one and occasionally two things it gets ever so wrong
hard to like a film about a guy who is utterly unlikeable
makes it seem , is not a hobby that attracts the young and fit . Or intelligent .
that we would pay a considerable ransom not to be looking at
that were already tired 10 years ago
that will be best appreciated by those willing to endure its extremely languorous rhythms , Waiting for Happiness
that what we have here is a load of clams left in the broiling sun for a good three days
Jackson tries to keep the plates spinning as best he can , but
sin ,
often boring
prime sports cliche
With flashbulb editing as cover for the absence of narrative continuity , Undisputed is nearly incoherent , an excuse to get to the closing bout ... by which time it 's impossible to care who wins .
With flashbulb editing as cover for the absence of narrative continuity
With Zoe Clarke-Williams 's lackluster thriller '' New Best Friend '' , who needs enemies ? Just another generic drama that has nothing going for it other than its exploitive array of obligatory cheap thrills .
With a tone as variable as the cinematography , Schaeffer 's film never settles into the light-footed enchantment the material needs , and the characters ' quirks and foibles never jell into charm .
It 's not going to be everyone 's bag of popcorn ,
It 's not going to be everyone 's bag of popcorn
come up with a better script
ambition but no sense of pride or shame
ambiguous ending
Eye See You is pure junk
all seen bits of in other films
the destruction of property
the delete key
the depths to which the girls-behaving-badly film has fallen
the movie 's sentimental , hypocritical lessons
the movie 's rude and crude humor
endless rain is offset by the sheer ugliness of everything else
endless exposition
ends up as a bitter pill
endlessly repetitive
ends up as tedious as the chatter of parrots raised on Oprah
ends up being neither
, superficiality and silliness
, stop Eric Schaeffer before he makes another film .
, subtlety has never been his trademark
, stupid
treads old turf like a hippopotamus ballerina
treats his women -- as dumb , credulous , unassuming , subordinate subjects .
treats his audience the same way that Jim Brown treats his women -- as dumb , credulous , unassuming , subordinate subjects .
artistic and muted , almost to the point of suffocation
a no-surprise series of explosions and violence while Banderas looks like he 's not trying to laugh at how bad
a nifty plot line in Steven Soderbergh 's Traffic fails to arrive at any satisfying destination
You might want to take a reality check before you pay the full ticket price to see `` Simone , '' and consider a DVD rental instead .
there are times when the film 's reach exceeds its grasp
You see the movie and you think , zzzzzzzzz
You see the movie and you think , zzzzzzzzz .
this contrived nonsense
this trite , predictable rehash
this will be on video long before they grow up and you can wait till then .
trails off
Green is ) the comedy equivalent of Saddam Hussein , and I 'm just about ready to go to the U.N. and ask permission for a preemptive strike .
uncinematic
uncomfortable
seems uncertain whether it wants to be an acidic all-male All About Eve or a lush , swooning melodrama in the Intermezzo strain
seems uncertain whether it wants to be an acidic all-male All About Eve or a lush , swooning melodrama in the Intermezzo strain .
seems to want to be a character study , but apparently
seems to want to be a character study ,
seems too simple and the working out of the plot almost arbitrary .
seems to want to be a character study , but apparently ca n't quite decide which character .
seems too simple and the working out of the plot almost arbitrary
across as lame and sophomoric
their incessant whining
unflattering
No better or worse than ` Truth or Consequences , N . M . ' or any other interchangeable actioner with imbecilic Mafia toolbags botching a routine assignment in a Western backwater .
No amount of blood and disintegrating vampire cadavers can obscure this movie 's lack of ideas .
No Such Thing is a big letdown .
secondhand material
come with the warning '' For serious film buffs only
schmucks
Adam Sandler is to Gary Cooper what a gnat is to a racehorse .
Adams just copies
Adam Sandler 's cartoon about Hanukkah is numbingly bad , Little Nicky bad ,
Adam Sandler 's cartoon about Hanukkah is numbingly bad , Little Nicky bad , 10 Worst List bad
Adam Sandler 's cartoon about Hanukkah is numbingly bad ,
Adam Sandler 's cartoon about Hanukkah is numbingly bad , Little Nicky bad
Adam Sandler assault and possibly the worst film
Adam Sandler 's cartoon about Hanukkah is numbingly bad , Little Nicky bad , 10 Worst List bad .
Adam Sandler assault
A selection of scenes in search of a movie .
A selection of scenes in search of a movie
A series of escapades demonstrating the adage that what is good for the goose is also good for the gander , some of which occasionally amuses but none of which amounts to much of a story .
boiled Hollywood argot
boiling point
boils down to a transparently hypocritical work that feels as though it 's trying to set the women 's liberation movement back 20 years
boils down to a transparently hypocritical work that feels as though it 's trying to set the women 's liberation movement back 20 years .
boldly stroked , luridly coloured , uni-dimensional nonsense machine that strokes the eyeballs while it evaporates like so much crypt mist in the brain .
An ambitious , serious film that manages to do virtually everything wrong
this turgid fable
hip . The end result is a film that 's neither
to imagine that a new software program spit out the screenplay
of mock-Tarantino scuzbag types that starts out clever but veers into overkill
of mock-Tarantino scuzbag types
of moral emptiness
hood rats
hood rats butt their ugly heads
of upper-crust decorum
of using bad sci-fi as window dressing
The most opaque , self-indulgent and just plain goofy
hands out awards -- with phony humility barely camouflaging grotesque narcissism
attempt by the filmmakers to force-feed James Bond into the mindless XXX mold and
broken characters
broken character study
Although purportedly a study in modern alienation , it 's really little more than a particularly slanted , gay s\/m fantasy , enervating and deadeningly drawn-out .
Although purportedly a study in modern alienation
Although it starts off so bad that you feel like running out screaming , it eventually works its way up to merely bad rather than painfully awful .
Although it starts off so bad that you feel like running out screaming
Although no pastry is violated , this nasty comedy pokes fun at the same easy targets as other rowdy raunch-fests -- farts , boobs , unmentionables -- without much success .
Although Barbershop boasts some of today 's hottest and hippest acts from the world of television , music and stand-up comedy , this movie strangely enough has the outdated swagger of a shameless '70s blaxploitation shuck-and-jive sitcom .
Although God Is Great addresses interesting matters of identity and heritage , it 's hard to shake the feeling that it was intended to be a different kind of film .
for `` shock humor '' will wear thin on all
loses faith
loses faith in its own viability
loses faith in its own viability and
loses faith in its own viability and succumbs to joyless special-effects excess
loses himself to the film 's circular structure
loses himself to the film 's circular structure to ever offer any insightful discourse on , well , Love in the Time of Money
loses himself to the film 's circular structure to ever offer any insightful discourse on , well , Love in the Time of Money .
along with green 's half-hearted movie career
alternating between facetious comic parody and pulp melodrama , this smart-aleck movie
almost impossible
almost laughable
almost laughable as a consequence
audacity
imagine any recent film , independent or otherwise , that makes as much of a mess as this one
imagine acting that could be any flatter
imagine , as searching for a quarter in a giant pile of elephant feces ... positively dreadful
images lack contrast
pitched precipitously between swoony lyricism and violent catastrophe ... the most aggressively nerve-wracking and screamingly neurotic romantic comedy in cinema history .
concept doofus
what emerges is an unsettling picture of childhood innocence combined with indoctrinated prejudice . promises
gasbag
that barely stays afloat
of political corruption
mugs mercilessly
tastelessness
racist humour
racial clichés
quite one of the worst movies of the year
radical '' or `` suck ''
The Good Girl a date movie ( an anti-date movie is more like it )
Frodo 's quest remains unfulfilled
As underwater ghost stories go , Below casts its spooky net out into the Atlantic Ocean and spits it back , grizzled and charred , somewhere northwest of the Bermuda Triangle .
graves problemas
wretchedly
they takes a long time to get to its gasp-inducing ending .
they takes a long time to get to its gasp-inducing ending
they may , lawrence unleashes his trademark misogyny -- er , comedy -- like a human volcano or an overflowing septic tank , take your pick
think by now america would have had enough of plucky british eccentrics with hearts of gold
Below may not mark Mr . Twohy 's emergence into the mainstream ,
Below may not mark Mr . Twohy 's emergence into the mainstream
There has been much puzzlement among critics about what the election symbolizes .
There are times when A Rumor of Angels plays like an extended episode of Touched by an Angel -- a little too much dancing , a few too many weeping scenes --
were afraid to show this movie to reviewers before its opening , afraid of the bad reviews they thought they 'd earn .
shoots for ( and misses )
it almost completely dry of humor , verve and fun
it almost loses what made you love it
it amounts to is a mildly funny , sometimes tedious , ultimately insignificant film
it amounts to little more than preliminary notes for a science-fiction horror film
it appears not to have been edited at all
out of embarrassment or stupidity
out of character and logically porous action set
out of character and logically
out-of-kilter character
out-of-kilter
saw how bad this movie was , I would go back and choose to skip it .
has made a film of intoxicating atmosphere and little else .
has lost its originality
overlong visit
has long been plundered by similar works featuring the insight and punch this picture so conspicuously lacks
has long been plundered by similar works featuring the insight and punch this picture so conspicuously lacks .
end this flawed , dazzling series
overlong episode
when Leguizamo finally plugged an irritating character late in the movie
when , in reality , it 's churning ground that has long passed the point of being fertile
when Bond had more glamour than clamor ? No more
Collateral Damage is , despite its alleged provocation post-9 \/ 11 , an antique , in the end .
a hands-off approach
Coal is n't as easy to come by as it used to be and this would be a worthy substitute for naughty children 's stockings
Coal is n't as easy to come by as it used to be and this would be a worthy substitute for naughty children 's stockings .
of the potential for sanctimoniousness
encumbers itself with complications
of the plot ( other than its one good idea ) and the movie 's inescapable air of sleaziness
of the pitfalls you 'd expect in such a potentially sudsy set-up
her real-life persona is so charmless and vacant
Could as easily have been called ` Under Siege 3 : In Alcatraz ' ... a cinematic corpse that never springs to life .
Could the whole plan here have been to produce something that makes Fatal Attraction look like a classic by comparison
as long as you 're wearing the somewhat cumbersome 3D goggles
pure '87 , with a halfhearted twist on its cautionary message : Fatal Attraction = do n't have an affair with a nutjob ; Unfaithful = do n't
pure PR hype
pure junk
, it 's kinda dumb .
, it 's just another sports drama\/character study .
, it 's hard to figure the depth of these two literary figures , and even the times in which they lived .
, it 's a pale imitation .
confusing sexual messages
conjure proper respect for followers of the whole dead-undead genre , who deserve more from a vampire pic than a few shrieky special effects
The story is naturally poignant , but first-time screenwriter Paul Pender overloads it with sugary bits of business .
The story is less vibrant
The story is familiar from its many predecessors ; like them , it eventually culminates in the not-exactly - stunning insight that crime does n't pay .
The story is familiar from its many predecessors ; like them , it eventually culminates in the not-exactly - stunning insight that crime does n't pay
sad sack
sadness and
sadness and grief
I thought it could have been more .
are presented in such a lousy way , complete with some of the year 's ( unintentionally ) funniest moments , that it 's impossible to care .
Carrera
been hyped to be because it plays everything too safe
been exhausted by documentarians
been developed with more care
been held hostage by generic scripts that seek to remake Sleepless in Seattle again and again
been fumbled by a lesser filmmaker
posing as a real movie
posing as a serious drama about spousal abuse
posing as a real movie .
portrays , tiresomely regimented
portrays himself in a one-note performance
might have been called Freddy Gets Molested by a Dog
might have been more satisfying if it had , in fact , been fleshed out a little more instead of going for easy smiles .
might have been made in the '70s or '80s
cause loads of irreparable damage
cause massive cardiac arrest
cautions
way off
the very least for its spasms of absurdist
the viewer feel like the movie 's various victimized audience members after a while
realized that no matter how fantastic Reign of Fire looked , its story was making no sense at all .
realized the harsh reality of my situation
realizing that you 've spent the past 20 minutes looking at your watch and waiting for Frida to just die already
really , really stupid
is n't always easy to look at
is n't always easy to look at .
is n't my favorite in the series , still
is n't the most transporting or gripping film from Iran -- or , indeed , by its director
Zellweger 's whiny pouty-lipped poof
classism , and ignorance
can not be acted .
wolfish pessimism
Margarita feels like a hazy high that takes too long to shake .
a heavy-handed indictment of parental failings and the indifference of Spanish social workers and legal system towards child abuse
a heavy-handed indictment of parental failings and
be a total washout
has made just another safe movie .
Just a bloody mess .
Just A Kiss is just a mess
Julie Taymor 's preposterous Titus
Julia is played with exasperating blandness by Laura Regan .
Julia Roberts wannabe
Judd 's characters ought to pick up the durable best seller Smart Women , Foolish Choices for advice .
, such as skateboarder Tony Hawk or BMX rider Mat Hoffman , are about a half dozen young Turks angling to see how many times they can work the words '' radical '' or '' suck '' into a sentence .
, tedious
Here 's a case of two actors who do everything humanly possible to create characters who are sweet and believable , and are defeated by a screenplay that forces them into bizarre , implausible behavior .
Here , alas , it collapses like an overcooked soufflé .
Her fans walked out muttering words like '' horrible '' and '' terrible , '' but had so much fun dissing the film that they did n't mind the ticket cost . In this case zero .
Less a movie than )
Less than fresh
Less a movie
Less a movie than
Leave these Flowers unpicked -- they 're dead on the vine .
the update is dreary and sluggish .
Seems based on ugly ideas instead of ugly behavior , as Happiness was
Seems based on ugly ideas instead of ugly behavior , as Happiness was ...
it 'll be at the dollar theatres by the time Christmas rolls around
it 'll probably be in video stores by Christmas
it 'll probably be in video stores by Christmas ,
it 'll probably be in video stores by Christmas , and it might just be better suited to a night in the living room than a night at the movies
A generic international version of a typical American horror film .
, the eye candy here lacks considerable brio .
A generic international version of a typical American horror film
A generic international version
, the dragons are okay , not much fire in the script .
there is nothing in it to engage children emotionally
there is nothing distinguishing in a Randall Wallace film
It 's a road-trip drama with too many wrong turns .
It 's a mystery how the movie could be released in this condition .
It 's a mindless action flick with a twist -- far better suited to video-viewing than the multiplex .
It 's a thin notion
, the film 's comic characters come perilously close to being Amoses and Andys for a new generation .
It 's a shame that the storyline and its underlying themes ... finally seem so impersonal or even shallow .
It 's a thin notion , repetitively stretched out to feature length , awash in self-consciously flashy camera effects , droning house music and flat , flat dialogue .
Almost as offensive as `` Freddy Got Fingered . ''
aground
A few hours after you 've seen it , you forget you 've been to the movies .
I felt trapped and with no obvious escape for the entire 100 minutes .
the embarrassment of bringing a barf bag to the moviehouse
this is the kind of production that would have been funnier if the director had released the outtakes theatrically and used the film as a bonus feature on the DVD
this is the most visually unappealing
this jumbled mess
got the brawn , but not the brains
got lost in the '' soon-to-be-forgettable '' section of the quirky rip-off prison romp pile
got lost in the '' soon-to-be-forgettable '' section of the quirky rip-off prison romp pile .
is that it also makes her appear foolish and shallow rather than , as was more likely , a victim of mental illness .
is that it also makes her appear foolish and shallow rather than , as was more likely , a victim of mental illness
and con , for adults
this junk
and cinematic deception
lackluster movie
lacks Besson 's perspective as a storyteller
lacks Besson 's perspective as a storyteller .
lacking in originality
lacking in originality that if you stripped away its inspirations there
lacking the real talent and wit to elevate it beyond its formula to the level of classic romantic comedy to which it aspires
lacking the spark of imagination that might have made it an exhilarating
is throwing up his hands in surrender ,
is this bad on purpose is never clear .
is this movie for ? Not kids , who do n't need the lesson in repugnance . It 's also not smart or barbed enough for older viewers
is this so boring
is this so boring ?
is about as deep as that sentiment
is abhorrent to you
Take away the controversy , and it 's not much more watchable than a Mexican soap opera .
into some Univac-like script machine
psychological mess
bloodless
Woody Allen seems to have bitterly forsaken
together frustrating
just never gets off the ground .
just gets stupid and maudlin .
just gives them a bad odor .
just does n't have much else ... especially in a moral sense .
crazy work
hitting below the belt
hitting the audience over the head with a moral
come out feeling strangely unsatisfied . You 'll feel like you ate a Reeses without the peanut butter
come out feeling strangely unsatisfied .
come to learn -- as many times as we have fingers to count on -- Jason is a killer who does n't know the meaning of the word ` quit . '
are not entertaining .
are not executed with anything more than perfunctory skill
are not enough to salvage this lifeless boxing film
are not enough to salvage this lifeless boxing film .
are not entertaining
are n't your bailiwick
Miller . If I had been thinking about the visual medium , they would have been doing something wrong
avoid imprisonment with the dull , nerdy folks that inhabit Cherish
avoid ridiculous schlock
avoid being recognized as the man who bilked unsuspecting moviegoers
idling in neutral
if Kaos had n't blown them all up
if Allen , at 66 , has stopped challenging himself
the potency wanes dramatically
the poor acting by the ensemble cast
yearn for a few airborne TV sets or nude groupies on the nod to liven things up
romantic comedy boilerplate
frantic
in Derry
a phlegmatic bore ,
a phlegmatic bore , so tedious it makes the silly spy vs . spy film The Sum of All Fears
Killing time
assume that the jury who bestowed star Hoffman 's brother Gordy with the Waldo Salt Screenwriting award at 2002 's Sundance Festival were honoring an attempt to do something different over actually pulling it off
assume the director has pictures of them cavorting in ladies ' underwear
assuming the bar of expectations has n't been raised above sixth-grade height
pegs itself for the straight-to-video sci-fi rental shelf
pegs itself for the straight-to-video sci-fi rental shelf .
pedestrian , flat drama
pee jokes
penis , breast and flatulence gags
penis , breast and flatulence gags in search of a story
glorifying software
gloomy techno-horror clambake
glorified Nike ad
gloomy words
contradictory , self-hating , self-destructive ways
contrived and predictable
, if you do n't know anything about Derrida when you walk into the theater , you wo n't know much more when you leave .
a gaudy bag
a garbled exercise in sexual politics , a junior varsity Short Cuts by way of Very Bad Things
a pretentious and ultimately empty examination of a sick and evil woman .
A bad movie that
A banal , virulently unpleasant excuse for a romantic comedy
A banal , virulently unpleasant excuse
A beautifully shot but dull and ankle-deep ` epic . '
A banal , virulently unpleasant excuse for a romantic comedy .
A beyond-lame satire ,
A beyond-lame satire
A beyond-lame satire , Teddy Bears ' Picnic ranks among the most pitiful directing debuts by an esteemed writer-actor .
A beyond-lame satire , Teddy Bears ' Picnic ranks among the most pitiful directing
You leave feeling like you 've endured a long workout without your pulse ever racing .
Will anyone who is n't a Fangoria subscriber be excited that it has n't gone straight to video ?
They were afraid to show this movie to reviewers before its opening , afraid of the bad reviews they thought they 'd earn .
They were afraid to show this movie to reviewers before its opening , afraid of the bad reviews they thought they 'd earn . They were right .
as dreadful
marginalization
remember the haunting images than the plot holes
than the pitiful
find themselves stifling a yawn or two during the first hour
find their own rhythm and protect each other from the script 's bad ideas and awkwardness .
provide a reason for us to care beyond the very basic dictums of human decency
avoid the godzilla sized soda
avoid solving one problem by trying to distract us with the solution to another
avoid
Gooding offers a desperately ingratiating performance .
it might have been
did n't convince me that Calvin Jr. 's Barbershop represents some sort of beacon of hope in the middle of Chicago 's South Side .
did n't convince me that Calvin Jr. 's Barbershop represents some sort of beacon of hope in the middle of Chicago 's South Side
did n't find much fascination in the swinging
did n't find much fascination in the swinging .
did n't offer an advance screening
did n't quite engage this adult .
did n't particularly like E.T. the first time I saw it as a young boy
's pathetic
burnt out
the film ratchets up the stirring soundtrack , throws in a fish-out-of-water gag and lets the cliched dialogue rip . Or else a doggie winks .
breezy , distracted rhythms
spare , unchecked heartache
spare dialogue
of the same old crap
Mushes the college-friends genre ( The Big Chill ) together with the contrivances and overwrought emotion of soap
so many red herrings ,
so many red herrings
the very hollowness
the very hollowness of the character he plays
have been lost in the translation this time
have been just another bad movie
have been better off as a documentary , with less of Mr. Eyre 's uninspired dramatics and more of his sense of observation and outrage
have been better off as a documentary , with less of Mr. Eyre 's uninspired dramatics and more of his sense of observation and outrage .
have been allowed to use the word `` new '' in its title , because there 's not an original character , siuation or joke in the entire movie
, after-school special
A poorly scripted , preachy fable
of cheesy dialogue
much too conventional -- lots of boring talking heads , etc. -- to do the subject matter justice
much to our dismay
much meandering , Norton has to recite bland police procedural details , Fiennes wanders around in an attempt to seem weird and distanced , Hopkins looks like a drag queen
what 's missing from Blackboards -- the sense of something bigger , some ultimate point
what 's lacking in every character in this movie and , subsequently , the movie itself
what 's supposed to be a comedy
what 's with all the shooting
Grant and Bullock 's characters are made for each other . But you 'd never guess that from the performances
likable , but just as often it 's meandering , low on energy , and too eager to be quirky at moments when a little old-fashioned storytelling would come in handy .
like '' horrible ''
thirsty
It 's not the worst comedy of the year , but
It 's not the worst comedy of the year , but it certainly wo n't win any honors
It 's not the worst comedy of the year
It 's not really funny
It 's not really funny .
absolutely no meaning
absolutely no meaning , and no desire
absurdist
too safe
is just generally insulting
is just garbage
is just garbage .
is no insight
is no insight into the anguish of Heidi 's life
flakeball
is no insight into the anguish of Heidi 's life --
Do in Case of Fire ? lazily and glumly
is no less subservient to Bond 's tired formula of guns , girls and gadgets while brandishing a new action hero
is static , stilted .
is standard crime drama fare ... instantly forgettable and thoroughly dull .
is sorely missing
is sorely lacking .
is sorely lacking
is sordid and disgusting . Quelle surprise !
if you 're not a prepubescent girl , you 'll be laughing at britney spears ' movie-starring debut whenever it does n't have you impatiently squinting at your watch
if you 're not a prepubescent girl , you 'll be laughing at britney spears ' movie-starring debut whenever it does n't have you impatiently squinting at your watch .
if you 're not a prepubescent girl ,
if you 're not a prepubescent girl
if you can get past the fantastical aspects and harsh realities of '' the isle '' you 'll get a sock-you-in-the-eye flick that is a visual tour-de-force and a story that is unlike any
very difficult
tumbleweeds
so insanely stupid , so awful in so many ways
trying to dupe the viewer into taking it all as Very Important simply because the movie is ugly to look at and not a Hollywood product
's the pity .
know you 're in trouble .
slow , uneventful
slow , predictable and not very amusing
but unremarkable
but veers into overkill
butt their ugly heads
furiously , their capacity to explain themselves has gone the same way as their natural instinct for self-preservation
gangs ,
's exploitive without being insightful .
's exactly what you 'd expect .
's exactly the kind of movie Toback 's detractors always accuse him of making .
's exactly the kind of movie Toback 's detractors always accuse him of making
's everything you 'd expect -- but nothing more .
's fairly lame ,
's fairly lame
are all things we 've seen before
are anything but compelling
They kept much of the plot but jettisoned the stuff that would make this a moving experience for people who have n't read the book .
There must be an audience that enjoys the Friday series , but I would n't be interested in knowing any of them personally .
heady jumble
a squirm-inducing fish-out-of-water formula
might try paying less attention to the miniseries and more attention to the film it is about .
might try paying less attention to the miniseries and more attention to the film it is about
might sit through this summer that do not involve a dentist drill .
might sit through this summer that do not involve a dentist drill
might not have noticed
the profoundly devastating events of one year ago
clashing cultures and
a daringly preposterous thesis
plays like a bad soap opera ,
plays like a bad soap opera , with passable performances from everyone in the cast
plays like a bad soap opera
The Lion King redone for horses , with fewer deliberate laughs , more inadvertent ones and stunningly trite songs by Bryan Adams , the world 's most generic rock star
get in the way
get any more gay ,
bad taste
bad stage dialogue
bad soap opera
bad slasher
bad rock concert
bad one
bad odor
bad mixture
likely to be disappointed
likely inadvertently --
zero-dimensional , unlikable characters
little patience for Euro-film pretension
little patience
drowns in sap .
drowns in a sea of visual and verbal clichés
drug-induced bowel
drowns out the promise of the romantic angle .
all the sibling rivalry and
Some of their jokes work , but most fail miserably and in the end , Pumpkin is far more offensive than it is funny .
Some of their jokes work , but most fail miserably and in the end , Pumpkin is far more offensive than it is funny
shallow rumination
sexually explicit
shallow and dim-witted
shallow and art-conscious
shallow and
wretched movie
exceptionally dreary and overwrought bit
exceptionally dreary and overwrought
excess layers of hipness
excess layers
excessively tiresome
she lacks the skill or presence to regain any ground
both hokey
either the obviousness of it all or its stupidity or maybe even its inventiveness
elaborate and twisted characters
either needs more substance to fill the time or some judicious editing
saw worse stunt editing or cheaper action movie production values than in Extreme Ops
Roman Polanski directs The Pianist like a surgeon mends a broken heart ; very meticulously but without any passion .
Rollerball IS as bad as you think , and worse than you can imagine .
Romanek keeps adding flourishes -- artsy fantasy sequences -- that simply feel wrong . They cheapen the overall effect .
Hollywood hoo-ha
It 's a visual Rorschach test and I must have failed .
It 's a visual Rorschach test and I must have failed
It 's also not smart or barbed enough for older viewers -- not
It 's also not smart or barbed enough for older viewers --
which becomes something about how lame it is to try and evade your responsibilities and that you should never , ever , leave a large dog alone with a toddler
adolescent self-absorption
tried as a war criminal
leaves you with the impression that you should have gotten more out of it than you did
leaves you scratching your head in amazement over the fact that so many talented people could participate in such an
you can feel your veins cringing from the workout .
leaves a lot to be desired
leaves a bitter taste .
leaves a bitter taste
leaves scant place for the viewer
leaves an awful sour taste
leaves a lot to be desired .
stifling a yawn or two during the first hour
fluff stuffed
that you hope Britney wo n't do it one more time , as far as
that would make watching such a graphic treatment of the crimes bearable
It wo n't be long before you 'll spy I Spy at a video store near you .
It would be hard to think of a recent movie that has worked this hard to achieve this little fun .
It would be great to see this turd squashed under a truck , preferably a semi .
It would n't be my preferred way of spending 100 minutes or $ 7 . 00 .
waters it down , turning grit and vulnerability into light reading
she obviously belongs in something lighter and sunnier
way to make J . K . Rowling 's marvelous series into a deadly bore
take an entirely stale concept and push it through the audience 's meat grinder one more time
, overlong soap
, ponderous and charmless
, poorly structured
The Tuxedo '' should have been the vehicle for Chan that `` The Mask '' was for Jim Carrey .
The Weight of Water comes off as a two-way time-switching myopic mystery that stalls in its lackluster gear of emotional blandness .
Now it 's a bad , embarrassing movie
Nothing plot-wise
The Thing ' and a geriatric
a last-minute happy ending that 's even less plausible than the rest of the picture . Much of the way ,
ineptly directed action sequences and some of the worst dialogue in recent memory .
inescapable absurdities
inescapable past and uncertain future
inept , tedious
inept and artificial
inept filmmaking
inevitable and
with crude humor and vulgar innuendo
is interesting but his Parisian rebirth is stillborn
wrong with a comedy where the only belly laughs come from the selection of outtakes tacked onto the end credits
makes a tragic error by going on for too long , trying to mirror every subsequent event in Chinese history : war , revolution , Communism , etc. .
makes a tragic error by going on for too long , trying to mirror every subsequent event in Chinese history : war , revolution , Communism , etc.
makes absolutely no sense .
makes it possible for the viewer to doze off for a few minutes or make several runs to the concession stand and\/or restroom and not feel as if he or she has missed anything
Really does feel like a short stretched out to feature length .
Pompous and garbled
Pompous and
Pokémon 4ever is terrifying
Pompous
resemble the shapeless
maybe she , Janine and Molly -- an all-woman dysfunctional family -- deserve one another
maybe too much
resentful Betty and the manipulative yet needy Margot
resentful Betty and
the endlessly repetitive scenes of embarrassment
that this hybrid misses the impact of the Disney classic , and even that of the excellent 1934 MGM version
the endlessly repetitive scenes
more propaganda
more painful
more overtly silly dialogue
more psychotic than romantic
a failure as straight drama
the virtue of enough mindless violence
the viewers will feel they suffer the same fate
it 's wasted yours
misperception
time low
going to a house party and watching the host defend himself against a frothing ex-girlfriend . You do n't want to call the cops .
( and sometimes illegal
strongly mediocre
strung together into one feature-length horror
even after 90 minutes of playing opposite each other
the cinematic equivalent of a legal indictment , and
the cinematic equivalent of a legal indictment ,
the cinematic equivalent of a legal indictment
am baffled by Jason X.
aptly named , this shimmering , beautifully costumed and filmed production does n't work for me .
time bombs and
aptly named , this shimmering , beautifully costumed and filmed production does n't work for me
hits a nerve
hit on a 15-year old when you 're over 100
weird \/ Thinking about all the bad things in the world \/ Like puppies with broken legs \/ And butterflies that die \/ And movies starring pop queens
altogether too slight to be called any kind of masterpiece
hitting on each other
you second-guess your affection for the original
significantly less charming than listening to a four-year-old with a taste for exaggeration
underlying concern
Tremors on the modern B-scene : neither as funny nor as clever
trying to pass off its lack of imagination as hip knowingness
is a film that 's about as subtle as a party political broadcast
is a film living far too much in its own head .
is a festival film that would have been better off staying on the festival circuit
is a festival film that would have been better off staying on the festival circuit .
without context -- journalistic or historical
the filmmaker his Dad was , but heck -- few filmmakers will .
problematic
the refuse of adults
a whip-crack of a buddy movie that ends with a whimper
rigor
to a reductionist view of their Lord as a luv-spreading Dr. Feelgood or omnipotent slacker
pretentious .
The only time 8 Crazy Nights comes close to hitting a comedic or satirical target
The only thing that distinguishes a Randall Wallace film from any other is the fact that there is nothing distinguishing in a Randall Wallace film .
The only thing I laughed at were the people who paid to see it .
The only thing I laughed at
The only surprise is that heavyweights Joel Silver and Robert Zemeckis agreed to produce this ; I assume the director has pictures of them cavorting in ladies ' underwear .
mind-numbingly
mind-numbingly awful
mind-numbingly awful that you hope Britney wo n't do it one more time , as far as
mind-numbingly awful that you hope Britney wo n't do it one more time , as far as movies
's no clear picture of who killed Bob Crane .
mind-numbingly awful that you hope Britney wo n't do it one more time , as far as movies are concerned .
mindless pace
for philosophers , not filmmakers
As adapted by Kevin Molony from Simon Leys ' novel `` The Death of Napoleon '' and directed by Alan Taylor , Napoleon 's journey is interesting but his Parisian rebirth is stillborn
a kilt
a kitchen sink
a knot in your stomach
a lack of humor
a lack of humor ( something needed to balance out the violence )
a lapdance
the plot remains as guarded as a virgin with a chastity belt
plays like a student film
to stop watching
Break
There are cheesy backdrops , ridiculous action sequences , and many tired jokes about men in heels .
There are a few chuckles , but not a single gag sequence that really scores ,
sadly unrealized
directed it may leave you speaking in tongues
sadistic bike flick
directed in a flashy , empty sub-music video style
about 90 minutes of a so-called ` comedy ' and not laugh
all derivative
fourth-rate
fragmentary narrative style
framed in a drama so clumsy
A `` Home Alone '' film that is staged like `` Rosemary 's Baby , '' but is not as well-conceived as either of those films .
A Rumor of Angels does n't just slip -- it avalanches into forced fuzziness .
A Rumor of Angels does n't just slip -- it avalanches into forced fuzziness
With jump cuts , fast editing and lots of pyrotechnics , Yu clearly hopes to camouflage how bad his movie is .
that is apparently as invulnerable as its trademark villain
that is , overall , far too staid for its subject matter
that is , for about ten minutes . After that it becomes long and tedious like a classroom
that if you shoot something on crummy-looking videotape , it must be labelled ` hip ' , ` innovative ' and ` realistic '
drained of human emotion
that if you give a filmmaker an unlimited amount of phony blood , nothing good can happen
drag the movie down
dragged through a sad , sordid universe of guns , drugs , avarice and damaged dreams
drags the film
drags , underscoring the obvious
drags the film down .
drags the film down
expect more from director Michael Apted ( Enigma ) and screenwriter Nicholas Kazan ( Reversal of Fortune ) than this cliche pileup
expect more from director Michael Apted ( Enigma ) and screenwriter Nicholas Kazan ( Reversal of Fortune ) than this cliche pileup .
expect from the guy-in-a-dress genre
expect more from director Michael Apted ( Enigma ) and screenwriter Nicholas Kazan ( Reversal of Fortune )
to go with this claustrophobic concept
expected from a college comedy that 's target audience has n't graduated from junior high school
expected there to be a collection taken for the comedian at the end of the show
a Seven rip-off
slapped together .
slapped together
, you just do n't care whether that cold-hearted snake Petrovich ( that would be Reno ) gets his comeuppance .
plays like a loosely-connected string of acting-workshop exercises
plays like a badly edited , 91-minute trailer ( and ) the director ca n't seem to get a coherent rhythm going . In fact , it does n't even seem like she tried .
If you 're not totally weirded - out by the notion of cinema as community-therapy spectacle
If you can swallow its absurdities and crudities
If you can tolerate the redneck-versus-blueblood cliches that the film trades in
that 's peppered with false starts and populated by characters who are nearly impossible to care about
as a terrible tragedy
as a young man who uses sarcastic lies like a shield
Stale first act , Scrooge story ,
Stale first act , Scrooge story
Stale first act , Scrooge story , blatant product placement ,
Stale first act , Scrooge story , blatant product placement
Stale first act , Scrooge story , blatant product placement , some very good comedic songs , strong finish , dumb fart jokes .
worn-out
visceral impact
virtually no interesting elements for an audience to focus on
still kills on auto-pilot
Seems like someone going through the motions
Seems like someone going through the motions .
It all comes down to whether you can tolerate Leon Barlow .
It 's too harsh to work as a piece of storytelling ,
It 's too harsh to work as a piece of storytelling , but
worse stunt editing or cheaper action movie production
still could have been room for the war scenes
, I hate myself most mornings .
, I have given this movie a rating of zero .
, I found myself struggling to put my finger on that elusive `` missing thing . ''
, I hate it .
, I thought I heard a mysterious voice , and felt myself powerfully drawn toward the light -- the light of the exit sign .
, I would go back and choose to skip it .
, I realized this is a throwaway movie that wo n't stand the test of time .
's ho-hum all the way through
's impossible to claim that it is '' Based on a True Story '' with a straight face
has become apparent that the franchise 's best years are long past
has become , to judge from In Praise of Love , the sort of bitter old crank who sits behind his light meter and harangues the supposed injustices of the artistic world-at-large without doing all that much to correct them .
has arrived for an incongruous summer playoff , demonstrating yet again that the era of the intelligent , well-made B movie is long gone
has arrived for an incongruous summer playoff , demonstrating yet again that the era of the intelligent , well-made B movie is long gone .
has already reached its expiration date
what the hell
bites off more than it can chew by linking the massacre
what remains is a variant of the nincompoop benigni persona , here a more annoying , though less angry version of the irresponsible sandlerian
what remains is a variant of the nincompoop benigni persona , here a more annoying , though less angry version of the irresponsible sandlerian manchild , undercut by the voice of the star of road trip
what remains is a variant of the nincompoop benigni persona
what remains is a variant of the nincompoop benigni persona ,
stoned
stop-and-start pacing
stopped keeping time as I slogged my way through Clockstoppers
stop-go slow motion that makes the gang rumbles look like they 're being streamed
stops being clever and devolves into flashy , vaguely silly overkill
stopped watching long ago
This odd , distant Portuguese import more or less
scandal
says repeatedly throughout the movie
to string the stunts together and not quite enough characterization to keep the faces straight
is n't very interesting actually
is n't very interesting
found myself confused when it came time to get to the heart of the movie
found its audience , probably because it 's extremely hard to relate to any of the characters .
fortified sweet tooth
found it slow , drab , and bordering on melodramatic
found it slow , drab , and bordering on melodramatic .
what '' they '' wanted and quite honestly , I did n't care
distracting
of being a really bad imitation of the really bad Blair Witch Project
of being boring
of barely defensible sexual violence to keep it interested
truth-in-advertising hounds
Jason X is this bad on purpose
be neither funny nor provocative - only dull
for Godard
be more entertained getting hit by a bus
but Pinocchio . It might as well have been Problem Child
most of his budget
you do n't understand what on earth is going on
you do n't want to use your brain .
find their humor-seeking dollars best spent elsewhere
rotten in almost every single facet of production that you 'll want to crawl up your own \*\*\* in embarrassment
rotten in almost every single facet of production that you 'll want to crawl up your own \*\*\* in embarrassment .
rooting for the film to hurry up and get to its subjects ' deaths just so the documentary will be over
rotten in almost every single facet of production
that none of the characters comes off as big
that never take off
that never materializes
is not only distanced but distancing
that never catches fire
that none of the excellent cast are given air to breathe
that not only blockbusters pollute the summer movie pool
the next a turgid drama
cast adrift in various New York City locations with no unifying rhythm or visual style
cast in impossibly contrived situations
The problem , amazingly enough , is the screenplay .
try to create characters out of the obvious cliches , but
have bitterly forsaken
have been doing something wrong
have been a melodramatic , Lifetime Channel-style anthology
to make the suckers out there surrender $ 9 and 93 minutes of unrecoverable life
to make a dull , pretentious version of jesus ' son
is not as funny or entertaining
is not as funny or entertaining as Analyze This
is not quite what it could have been as a film
jackass
mushy as peas
muddy psychological
the books are better
the books are better .
fade as the film descends into unsophisticated scare tactics and B-film thuggery
tortured ( and torturing )
Although fairly involving as far as it goes , the film does n't end up having much that is fresh to say about growing up Catholic or , really , anything .
Although the level of the comedy declines as the movie proceeds
a very bleak day
a variant of the nincompoop Benigni persona
a vat of failed jokes , twitchy acting , and general boorishness
while there 's likely very little crossover appeal to those without much interest in the elizabethans ( as well as rank frustration from those in the know about rubbo 's dumbed-down tactics ) ,
tortured ( and torturing ) artists and
this is f \*\*\* ed
the other sloppy
this is the opposite of a truly magical movie .
this kind of material is more effective on stage
this is that sort of thing all over again .
this is the most visually unappealing .
tortured ( and torturing ) artists
the original was released in 1987 ... this story gets sillier , not scarier , as it goes along
torpid and banal
Mostly Martha is mostly unsurprising
It 's about as convincing as any other Arnie musclefest , but has a little too much resonance with real world events and ultimately comes off as insultingly simplistic .
torpid and
Zhang 's last film
overstuffed and
to gravity and plummets
to guess the order in which the kids in the house will be gored
overstuffed and undernourished
to guilt-trip parents
to guide a loose , poorly structured film through the pitfalls of incoherence and redundancy
loses its creepy menace
lost his touch
lost his touch ,
ended so damned
ended so damned soon
For anyone who grew up on Disney 's 1950 Treasure Island , or remembers the 1934 Victor Fleming classic , this one feels like an impostor .
Each scene immediately succumbs to gravity and plummets to earth .
that leaves you scratching your head in amazement over the fact that so many talented people could participate in such an
tries its best to hide the fact that Seagal 's overweight and out of shape
Eileen Walsh , an engaging , wide-eyed actress whose teeth are a little too big for her mouth ,
into the mindless XXX mold
that keep whooshing you from one visual marvel to the next , hastily , emptily
'' was obviously made for the `` XXX '' crowd , people who enjoy mindless action without the benefit of decent acting , writing , and direction .
'' will leave you wanting to abandon the theater .
Well , this movie proves you wrong on both counts .
Well-meaning but inert
Well-meant but
Well-meant but unoriginal
Well-meant but unoriginal .
, thinly sketched story . Killing time
, think an action film disguised as a war tribute is disgusting to begin with
, they ca n't generate enough heat in this cold vacuum of a comedy to start a reaction .
, they 'll be too busy cursing the film 's strategically placed white sheets .
In the end , Ted Bundy 's only justification is the director 's common but unexplored fascination with the frustrated maniac
In its best moments , resembles a bad high school production of Grease , without benefit of song .
In its chicken heart
In its chicken heart , Crush goes to absurd lengths to duck the very issues it raises .
In execution , this clever idea is far less funny than the original , Killers From Space .
a caper that 's neither original nor terribly funny
it 's not a very good movie in any objective sense
rehashes several old themes
rejected X-Files episode
rehashes several old themes and is capped with pointless extremes
rejected must have been astronomically bad
rejected as boring before I see this piece of crap again
giving it thumbs down due to the endlessly repetitive scenes of embarrassment
glacier-paced
gives no quarter to anyone seeking to pull a cohesive story out of its 2 1\/2 - hour running time
When the plot kicks in , the film loses credibility .
it is time for their first public recital
it is in depicting child abuse
it is surely no classic , like the novel upon which it is based
it is surely no classic , like the novel upon which it is based .
conceit
dull in its lack of poetic frissons
this kind of thing , unlike the Americans , who have a passion for Musketeers , only to spoof them
Read My Lips
, occurs too infrequently to make the film even a guilty pleasure
, not-quite-suburban milieu as to have viewers recoiling from the reality check .
, one is left with a sour taste in one 's mouth , and little else .
, ops , no matter how you spell it , it 's still a mistake to go see it .
attempts to mine laughs from a genre -- the gangster\/crime comedy -- that wore out its welcome with audiences several years ago
attempts to mine laughs
attempts to show off his talent by surrounding himself with untalented people
may make you hate yourself for giving in .
rigid and evasive
rigid and
by an inexplicable , utterly distracting blunder at the very end
by anything on display
the auditorium feeling dizzy , confused , and totally disorientated .
will be put to sleep or bewildered by the artsy and often pointless visuals .
A waste of good performances
a sick society ?
A very stylish but ultimately extremely silly tale ...
A very long movie , dull in stretches , with entirely too much focus on meal preparation and igloo construction .
a shocking lack
a sick , twisted sort of way
of course stultifyingly contrived and too stylized by half
of course stultifyingly contrived
Suffers from over-familiarity since hit-hungry British filmmakers have strip-mined the Monty formula mercilessly since 1997 .
Suffers from its timid parsing of the barn-side target of sons trying to breach gaps in their relationships with their fathers .
A loud , witless mess that
A loud , witless mess that has none of the charm and little of the intrigue from the TV series .
A loud , ugly , irritating movie without any of its satirical salvos hitting a discernible target .
A loud , witless mess
A loud , ugly , irritating movie
A loud , ugly , irritating movie without any of its satirical
A loud , brash and mainly unfunny high school comedy
A loud , brash and mainly unfunny high school comedy .
nary a glimmer of self-knowledge
nasty and
nary an original idea ( or role , or edit , or score , or anything , really ) in sight
nasty comedy
prissy
what 's the point
slightly less successful than the first
hairline , weathered countenance and American Breckin Meyer 's ridiculously inappropriate Valley Boy voice
of the match that should be used to burn every print of the film
of the lightweight female empowerment
shapeless and uninflected
keep parents away
than its exploitive array of obligatory cheap
There are times when you wish that the movie had worked a little harder to conceal its contrivances
succeed in alienating most viewers
succeed in producing that most frightening of all movies -- a mediocre horror film too bad to be good and too good to be bad .
spews forth unchecked
are tantamount to insulting the intelligence of anyone who has n't been living under a rock ( since Sept . 11 )
are tantamount to insulting the intelligence of anyone who has n't been living under a rock
makes as much of a mess as this one
makes for snappy prose but a stumblebum of a movie .
of the darkest variety
all for easy sanctimony , formulaic thrills and a ham-fisted sermon
all for easy sanctimony , formulaic thrills and a ham-fisted sermon on the need for national health insurance
all go wrong
tensions
tens of thousands of German Jewish refugees
there is really only one movie 's worth of decent gags to be gleaned from the premise
tepid Star Trek
finally has failed him
finally makes Sex With Strangers , which opens today in the New York metropolitan area , so distasteful
find a movie character more unattractive or odorous ( than Leon )
find an escape clause
find an escape clause and avoid seeing this trite , predictable rehash
find an escape clause and avoid seeing this trite , predictable rehash .
will never happen again
Cuts right through the B . S . giving a big middle-fingered '' shut up '' to those who talk up what is nothing more than two guys beating the hell outta one another
the picture emerges as a surprisingly anemic disappointment
the plates spinning as best he can , but all the bouncing back and forth ca n't help but become a bit tedious -- even with the breathtaking landscapes and villainous varmints there to distract you from the ricocheting
the plight
a sucker
shut out
shut up
the movie 's sophomoric blend
Are we a sick society ?
Argentine retread
accompanying the stunt-hungry dimwits in a random series of collected gags , pranks , pratfalls , dares , injuries , etc .
accompanying the stunt-hungry dimwits
accompanying the stunt-hungry dimwits in a random series of collected gags , pranks , pratfalls , dares , injuries , etc
accomplished . The actors try hard but come off too amateurish and awkward
accomplishing neither in full
Imperfect
Imperfect ?
Imitation
schizo
schlocky creature
schizo cartoon
school experience that plays better only for the film 's publicists or for people who take as many drugs as the film 's characters
of ugly
of unintentional howlers and numerous yawns
of ugliest movie of the year
this crude , this fast-paced and this insane
this date-night diversion
that leaves no heartstring untugged and no liberal cause unplundered
leaving you
adult movies
's simply unbearable
often-deadly boring , strange reading
a frat boy 's idea
a freak show ,
a freak show , too mercenary and obvious
overly deliberate
overly complicated and derivative screenplay
a freak show , too mercenary and obvious to be cerebral , too dull and pretentious to be engaging
overloads it with sugary bits of business
overloads
overladen with plot conceits
're watching an iceberg melt -- only
's , it 's simply unbearable
's 51 times better than this
're struggling to create .
're treading water at best in this forgettable effort
Coupling disgracefully written dialogue
Coupling disgracefully written dialogue with flailing bodily movements
Given that both movies expect us to root for convicted violent felons over those assigned to protect us from same , we need every bit of sympathy the cons can muster ; this time , there is n't much .
Glib , satirical documentary that fudges facts
Somewhat blurred
coming apart at its seams
supposed to feel funny and light
, some things are immune to the folly of changing taste and attitude .
, soulless and ugly movies like this are the result .
murder and mayhem of this sort quickly becomes monotonous .
the basic flaws in his vision
the basic flaws
's The Gift of the Magi relocated to the scuzzy underbelly of NYC 's drug scene
meanwhile , reads more like Driving Miss Daisy than GoodFellas
meant well in its horse tale about freedom , but was n't able to reach the heart because it was too overbearing .
meant well in its horse tale about freedom , but was n't able to reach the heart because it was too overbearing
You 've seen them a million times .
convincing as this bland blank of a man with unimaginable demons
You 'll forget about it by Monday , though , and if they 're old enough to have developed some taste , so will your kids .
You 'll forget about it by Monday , though , and if they 're old enough to have developed some taste , so will your kids
You 'll find yourself wishing that you and they were in another movie .
You 'll feel like you ate a Reeses without the peanut butter ... '
's with the unexplained baboon cameo
You 'll laugh for not quite and hour and a half , but come out feeling strangely unsatisfied .
struggle furiously
struggle tragically
thinly veiled
Imagine the CleanFlicks version of ` Love Story , ' with Ali MacGraw 's profanities replaced by romance-novel platitudes .
in which opposites attract for no better reason than that the screenplay demands it
a grouchy ayatollah in a cold mosque
, Egoyan has done too much .
... it wastes all its star power on cliched or meaningless roles .
Its spirit of iconoclastic abandon
Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets is deja vu all over again , and while that is a cliche , nothing could be more appropriate
Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets is deja vu all over again ,
Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets is deja vu all over again , and
Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets finds a way to make J.K. Rowling 's marvelous series into a deadly bore .
Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets is deja vu all over again
which becomes something about how lame it is to try and evade your responsibilities
lies like a shield
about 3\/4th the fun of its spry 2001 predecessor -- but it 's a rushed , slapdash , sequel-for-the-sake - of-a-sequel with less than half the plot and ingenuity
A soulless jumble of ineptly assembled cliches and pabulum that plays like a 95-minute commercial for NBA properties .
needed to keep it from floating away
A soulless jumble of ineptly
reporting that is done by the supposedly liberal media ... to the intimate and ultimately tragic heartache of maverick individuals like Hatfield and Hicks
tendentious intervention into the who-wrote-Shakespeare controversy .
Hot on the Hardwood proves once again that a man in drag is not in and of himself funny .
Horrendously amateurish filmmaking that is plainly dull and visually ugly when it is n't incomprehensible .
Horrendously
this tortured , dull artist
the gift of the magi </b> relocated to the scuzzy underbelly of nyc 's drug scene . merry friggin ' christmas
this may be the dumbest , sketchiest movie on record about an aspiring writer 's coming-of-age
his maudlin ending might not have gotten him into film school in the first place
The script , the gags , the characters are all direct-to-video stuff , and
the little nuances that perhaps had to escape from director Mark Romanek 's self-conscious scrutiny to happen ,
provides a tenacious demonstration of death as the great equalizer .
a documentary -- just not this one
silly showdown
outrageously unbelievable
Lee 's character did n't just go to a bank manager and save everyone the misery
matured quite a bit with Spider-Man , even though it 's one of the most plain white toast comic book films
is too crazy to be interesting
maudlin or
racy
most horrific movie experience
most every aggrieved father cliché
most horrific
to extremist name-calling
thankless situation
thankless
than this long-on-the-shelf , point-and-shoot exercise in gimmicky crime drama
seems to lack substance
it does n't signify a whole lot either
it does n't necessarily shed more light on its subject than the popular predecessor
it does n't even have the virtue of enough mindless violence to break up the tedium of all its generational bonding
it does go on forever .
swill .
it just seems like it does . My only wish is that Celebi could take me back to a time before I saw this movie and I could just skip it .
it just seems manufactured to me and artificial
it makes one long for a geriatric Peter
dismiss barbershop out of hand
too contemplative
stupid sequel
pressed through Kafka 's meat grinder and into Buñuel 's casings
journalistic or historical . What 's worse is that Pelosi knows it
tries its best to hide the fact that Seagal 's overweight and out of shape .
tries the viewer 's patience with slow pacing and a main character who sometimes defies sympathy
tries to cram too many ingredients into one small pot
tries to cram too many ingredients into one small pot .
jokes , dealing in broad stereotypes and outrageously unbelievable scenarios , and saddled with a general air of misogyny
jokester status
with images that seem more like disturbing hallucinations
with his cast of non-actors and a gritty , no-budget approach
Nobody deserves any prizes here
Nobody deserves any prizes here .
Plays like a volatile and overlong W magazine fashion spread .
An exhausting family drama about a porcelain empire and just as hard a flick as its subject
Plays less like a coming-of-age romance than an infomercial .
Plays as hollow catharsis , with lots of tears but very little in the way of insights .
Jordan jealous
to tell which is in more abundant supply in this woefully hackneyed movie , directed by Scott Kalvert , about street gangs and turf wars in 1958 Brooklyn -- stale cliches , gratuitous violence , or empty machismo
janice beard falters in its recycled aspects , implausibility , and sags in pace
an American tragedy
his shortest , The Hole , which makes many of the points that this film does but feels less repetitive
mythic structure may owe more to Disney 's strong sense of formula than to the original story
my two hours better watching
mystery devoid
his self-regarding sentimentality trips him up again
coming back to the achingly unfunny Phonce and his several silly subplots
coming back from Stock Character camp
the shocking conclusion is too much of a plunge
The cast is so low-wattage that none of the characters comes off as big ... and
The cast is so low-wattage that none of the characters comes off as big ...
The cast is so low-wattage that none of the characters comes off as big
The cartoon that is n't really good enough to be on afternoon TV is now a movie that is n't really good enough to be in theaters .
The cast is so low-wattage that none of the characters comes off as big ... and the setting remains indistinct .
The cast is so low-wattage that none of the characters comes off as big ... and the setting remains indistinct
The material and the production itself are little more than routine .
Yes , dull
The metaphors are provocative , but too often , the viewer is left puzzled by the mechanics of the delivery
his movie veers like a drunken driver through heavy traffic
've never seen ( a remake ) do anything as stomach-turning as the way Adam Sandler 's new movie rapes , pillages and incinerates Frank Capra 's classic
his maudlin ending
undercuts the joie de vivre even as he creates
went wrong
bottomlessly cynical
bothers to question why somebody might devote time to see it
bottomlessly
crock
critics have come to term an '' ambitious failure
bowel movements than this long-on-the-shelf , point-and-shoot exercise in gimmicky crime drama
, even in all its director 's cut glory , he 's made a film that 's barely shocking , barely interesting and most of all , barely anything
overwrought , melodramatic bodice-ripper
overwrought ,
overwrought
overwritten
overwrought existentialism and stomach-churning gore
overwrought existentialism and
overwrought existentialism
overwrought , melodramatic bodice-ripper .
should dispel it
a vehicle to showcase the Canadian 's inane ramblings
the film does n't end up having much that is fresh to say about growing up Catholic or , really , anything .
should get a pink slip
should dispense the same advice to film directors .
Sillier
of-the-week films clumsily stuck together
undercuts its charm
off the idea
cliches that sink it faster than a leaky freighter
cliches whose lives are never fully explored
clichéd , doddering , misogynistic boy
clichés and telegraphed episodes smell of old soap opera
, something is rotten in the state of California
treading desperately
And Diesel is n't the actor to save it .
well-worn situations
A dreary , incoherent , self-indulgent mess of a movie in which a bunch of pompous windbags drone on inanely for two hours ... a cacophony of pretentious , meaningless prattle
A dreary , incoherent , self-indulgent mess of a movie in which a bunch of pompous windbags drone on inanely for two hours ...
A dreary rip-off
A dreary , incoherent , self-indulgent mess of a movie in which a bunch of pompous windbags drone on inanely for two hours ... a cacophony of pretentious , meaningless prattle .
A dreadful live-action movie .
A dreary , incoherent , self-indulgent mess of a movie in which a bunch of pompous windbags drone on inanely for two hours
A dreary , incoherent , self-indulgent mess
A dreary rip-off of Goodfellas that serves as a muddled and offensive cautionary tale for Hispanic Americans .
A dreary rip-off of Goodfellas that serves as a muddled and offensive cautionary tale for Hispanic Americans
It is very difficult to care about the character ,
It is very difficult to care about the character , and
It is that rare combination of bad writing , bad direction and bad acting -- the trifecta of badness .
It is very difficult to care about the character
It just does n't have much else ... especially
It is very difficult to care about the character , and that is the central flaw of the film
It is very difficult to care about the character , and that is the central flaw of the film .
It leers , offering next to little insight into its intriguing subject .
, it also represents glossy Hollywood at its laziest .
, it can seem tiresomely simpleminded .
, it 's pretty but dumb .
, it 's really little more than a particularly slanted , gay s\/m fantasy , enervating and deadeningly drawn-out .
, it actually hurts to watch .
, it 's just grating
, it 's not a very good movie in any objective sense
, it 's not as pathetic as The Animal .
'm not quite sure what the point is ...
'll want to slap them
'm not quite sure what the point is
a feature-length adaptation of one of those '' Can This Marriage Be Saved ?
The premise itself is just SOOOOO tired . Pair that with really poor comedic writing ... and
a feature-length adaptation of one of those '' Can This Marriage Be Saved ? ''
The premise itself is just SOOOOO tired . Pair that with really poor comedic writing ... and you 've got a huge mess .
What they see in each other also is difficult to fathom
What to Do in Case of Fire ? lazily and glumly
What should have been a cutting Hollywood satire is instead about as fresh as last week 's issue of Variety .
What should have been a painless time-killer becomes instead a grating endurance test .
What starts off as a possible Argentine American Beauty reeks like a room stacked with pungent flowers .
What starts off as a satisfying kids flck becomes increasingly implausible as it races through contrived plot points .
What the audience feels is exhaustion , from watching a movie that is dark ( dark green , to be exact ) , sour , bloody and mean .
What they 're doing is a matter of plumbing arrangements and mind games , of no erotic or sensuous charge .
conspicuous
girls , right down the reality drain
giant plot holes
gimmicks
do n't demand much more than a few cheap thrills from your Halloween entertainment
by a failure
an overwhelming sadness that feels as if it has made its way into your very bloodstream
on technology-of-the-moment technique or pretentious dialogue
88 minutes of exaggerated action
88-minute infomercial
empty head
as terrible as the synergistic impulse that created it
as terrible
What might have been a predictably heartwarming tale
Kicks off with an inauspicious premise , mopes through a dreary tract of virtually plotless meanderings and then ends with a whimper .
to these broken characters who are trying to make their way through this tragedy
copycat
to this shocking testament to anti-Semitism and neo-fascism
want to slap them
Unforgiven
corny sentimentality
... a bland murder-on-campus yawner .
... a bland murder-on-campus yawner
... a bland murder-on-campus
An awkward hybrid of genres that just does n't work
An awful movie
An artsploitation movie with too much exploitation and too little art .
An awful movie that will only satisfy the most emotionally malleable of filmgoers .
An awful movie that
An artful yet depressing film that makes a melodramatic mountain out of the molehill of a missing bike .
An artful yet depressing film that makes a melodramatic mountain out of the molehill of a missing bike
An artsploitation movie with too much exploitation and too little art
that loses sight of its own story
that made me want to scream
that make 105 minutes seem twice as long
spend years trying to comprehend it
spent elsewhere
spend $ 9 on the same stuff you can get for a buck or so in that greasy little vidgame pit in the theater lobby
spend $ 9 on the same stuff you can get for a buck or so in that greasy little vidgame pit in the theater lobby ?
paranoid impulse
spout dialog that consists mostly of platitudes
might as well be stomping through them in clown clothes , playing a college football fight song on untuned instruments
An unremarkable , modern action\/comedy buddy movie whose only nod to nostalgia is in the title
in tired stereotypes
in tight pants and big tits
in three words : Thumbs Friggin ' Down
at times too many
at this nonsensical story
at the screen in frustration
atrociously , mind-numbingly , indescribably bad
atop wooden dialogue
The story and the friendship proceeds in such a way that you 're watching a soap opera rather than a chronicle of the ups and downs that accompany lifelong friendships .
is the cinematic equivalent of defensive driving
is that they 're watching a 76-minute commercial .
is that they 're stuck with a script that prevents them from firing on all cylinders .
like locusts in a horde these things will keep coming
like an infomercial for Ram Dass 's latest book
like lint in a fat man 's navel
like going to a house party and watching the host defend himself against a frothing ex-girlfriend
comes across as clinical , detached , uninvolving
saw a theater full of people constantly checking their watches
comedic grand larceny
that it goes nowhere
that it is nearly impossible to look at or understand
that it has n't gone straight to video
that it might as well have been titled Generic Jennifer Lopez Romantic Comedy
that it no longer recognizes the needs of moviegoers for real characters and compelling plots
that it might as well have been titled Generic Jennifer Lopez Romantic Comedy .
that it plays like the standard made-for-TV movie .
's often infuriatingly
watch for about thirty seconds before you say to yourself ,
watch for about thirty seconds before you say to yourself
watch a movie in which a guy dressed as a children 's party clown gets violently gang-raped ?
The film is a contrivance , as artificial as the video games Japanese teens play in a nightclub sequence
no clear-cut hero and no all-out villain
no amount of imagination , no creature , no fantasy story and no incredibly outlandish scenery
no clear-cut hero
no amount of imagination , no creature
no amount of imagination
no amount of imagination ,
no amount of earnest textbook psychologizing can bridge
Hate it
Hate it because it 's lousy .
Hate it because it 's lousy
Hawke 's film , a boring , pretentious waste of nearly two hours , does n't tell you anything except that the Chelsea Hotel today is populated by whiny , pathetic , starving and untalented artistes .
Hawke 's film , a boring , pretentious waste of nearly two hours ,
too lame to work or be cool at others
For the future , one hopes Mr. Plympton will find room for one more member of his little band , a professional screenwriter .
For starters , the story is just too slim .
Shamelessly
intentional and unintentional comedy
intentionally obscure and self-indulgent pictures
says ` I 'm telling you , this is f \*\*\* ed ' .
says ` I 'm telling you , this is f \*\*\* ed
it 's rare to see a movie that takes such a speedy swan dive from '' promising '' to '' interesting '' to '' familiar '' before landing squarely on '' stupid ''
say the obvious : Abandon all hope of a good movie ye who enter here
it 's rare to see a movie that takes such a speedy swan dive from '' promising '' to '' interesting '' to '' familiar '' before landing squarely on '' stupid '' .
goes right over the edge and kills every sense of believability
goes on for too long and bogs down in a surfeit of characters and unnecessary subplots .
goes overboard
goes on for too long and bogs down in a surfeit of characters and unnecessary subplots
goes overboard with a loony melodramatic denouement in which a high school swimming pool substitutes for a bathtub .
The premise itself is just SOOOOO tired . Pair that with really poor comedic writing ... and you 've got a huge mess
a feature-length adaptation of one of those '' Can This Marriage Be Saved ? '' columns from Ladies Home Journal
is the sort of low-grade dreck that usually goes straight to video -- with a lousy script , inept direction , pathetic acting , poorly dubbed dialogue and murky cinematography , complete with visible boom mikes
a series of pretentiously awful student films
a series of brutal set pieces
a series of very bad special effects
a set . Reign of Fire has the disadvantage of also looking cheap
the indulgent dead-end experimentation
a laundry list of minor shortcomings
who enjoys intentionally introducing your kids to films which will cause loads of irreparable damage that years and years of costly analysis could never fix
is more mindless love than mad , more grating and boring
is more mindless love than mad , more grating and boring than anything else
Its scenes and sensibility are all more than familiar ,
Its mysteries are transparently obvious , and
Its gross-out gags and
Its mysteries are transparently obvious ,
Jason X has cheesy effects and a hoary plot ,
Jason X has cheesy effects and a hoary plot , but
probably limited to LDS Church members and undemanding armchair tourists
Go back to sleep .
's like a drive-by
's left of his passe ' chopsocky glory
's little to recommend Snow Dogs , unless one considers cliched dialogue and perverse escapism a source of high hilarity
's little to recommend Snow Dogs ,
's little to recommend Snow Dogs
's likely very little crossover appeal to those without much interest in the Elizabethans ( as well as rank frustration from those in the know about Rubbo 's dumbed-down tactics )
's little to recommend Snow Dogs , unless one considers cliched dialogue and perverse escapism a source of high hilarity .
the inanity
`` unfilmable '' novels
the inanity -- and the Cold War datedness --
watching its rote plot points
watching its rote plot points connect is about as exciting as gazing at an egg timer for 93 minutes
a bad , embarrassing movie
a bad high school production
a bad case of arrested development
a bad idea
a bad high school production of Grease
a bad joke
a bad idea from frame one
a bad movie appearing on behalf of a good cause
a bad joke at that
to The Others without becoming a postmodern joke , made creepy by its `` men in a sardine can '' warped logic
the end of his vitality
too fleeting
the idiocy
has virtually no script at all
has very little to offer besides unintentional laughs .
has very little
has very little to offer besides unintentional laughs
has turned completely and irrevocably bizarre to the point of utter nonsense
has turned completely and irrevocably bizarre to the point of utter nonsense .
has too much on its plate to really stay afloat for its just under ninety minute running time
has too much on its plate to really stay afloat for its just under ninety minute running time .
the idiocy of the film industry
numbingly dull
numbingly dull experience
numbing experience
numbing experience to watch
nurses plot holes gaping enough to pilot an entire Olympic swim team through
the gratuitous cinematic distractions
Pap invested in undergraduate doubling subtexts and ridiculous stabs at existentialism reminding of the discovery of the wizard of God in the fifth Trek flick .
American Breckin Meyer 's ridiculously inappropriate Valley Boy voice
casting . The catch is that they 're stuck with a script that prevents them from firing on all cylinders
Francophiles will snicker knowingly and you 'll want to slap them .
bombs
bolt the theater in the first 10 minutes
bombing buildings
flimsy flicks
flimsy
The experience of going to a film festival is a rewarding one ; the experiencing of sampling one through this movie is not
The essential problem in Orange County is that , having created an unusually vivid set of characters worthy of its strong cast , the film flounders when it comes to giving them something to do .
The episodic film makes valid points about the depersonalization of modern life . But the characters tend to be cliches whose lives are never fully explored .
The essential problem
clunker
clumsy and
The experience of going to a film festival is a rewarding one ; the experiencing of sampling one through this movie is not .
The fact that it is n't very good
Cloaks a familiar anti-feminist equation ( career - kids = misery ) in tiresome romantic-comedy duds .
Clockstoppers is one of those crazy , mixed-up films that does n't know what it wants to be when it grows up .
almost makes you wish he 'd gone the way of Don Simpson
is a contrivance , as artificial as the video games Japanese teens play in a nightclub sequence
is a creepy slice of gothic rural Americana
me from enjoying much of it
's hard to imagine anybody ever being `` in the mood '' to view a movie as harrowing and painful as The Grey Zone
's hard to imagine acting that could be any flatter .
's hard to imagine a more generic effort in the genre .
's hardly a necessary enterprise .
Demme finally succeeds in diminishing his stature from Oscar-winning master to lowly studio hack .
The movie wavers between Hallmark card sentimentality and goofy , life-affirming moments straight out of a cellular phone commercial .
The mushy finale
The movie turns out to be ( Assayas ' ) homage to the Gallic ` tradition of quality , ' in all its fusty squareness .
The movie suffers from two fatal ailments -- a dearth of vitality and a story that 's shapeless and uninflected .
The movie resolutely avoids all the comic possibilities of its situation , and becomes one more dumb high school comedy about sex gags and prom dates .
The movie spends more time with Schneider than with newcomer McAdams , even though her performance is more interesting ( and funnier ) than his .
The movie itself appears to be running on hypertime in reverse as the truly funny bits get further and further apart .
Ponderous , plodding soap opera disguised as a feature film .
might resent it sometimes
might have more homosexual undertones than an Eddie Murphy film .
might not want to hang out with Samantha
, ill-constructed and fatally overlong
, in the hands of a brutally honest individual like Prophet Jack , might have made a point or two regarding life
, implausible
, incoherent
, inane images keep popping past your head
no means a slam-dunk and
no means a slam-dunk
no real surprises
a lumbering
a lumbering , wheezy drag
In the end , Punch-Drunk Love is one of those films that I wanted to like much more than I actually did .
In the book-on-tape market , the film of `` The Kid Stays in the Picture '' would be an abridged edition
In that setting , their struggle is simply too ludicrous and borderline insulting .
In other words , it 's just another sports drama\/character study .
In the not-too-distant future , movies like Ghost Ship will be used as analgesic balm for overstimulated minds .
Signs is just another unoriginal run of the mill sci-fi film with a flimsy ending and lots of hype .
, luridly coloured , uni-dimensional nonsense machine
of a Copenhagen neighborhood coping with the befuddling complications life
timer
worry about being subjected to farts , urine , feces , semen , or any of the other foul substances
's almost worth seeing because it 's so bad
's all very cute , though not terribly funny if you 're more than six years old .
's all pretty cynical and condescending , too
's all pretty cynical and condescending , too .
's all very cute , though not terribly funny if you 're more than six years old
starts out bizarre and just keeps getting weirder .
Some motion pictures portray ultimate passion ; others create ultimate thrills . Men in Black II achieves ultimate insignificance
One of the most unpleasant things the studio has ever produced .
One of the worst films of 2002
critiquing itself at every faltering half-step of its development
One of the most highly-praised disappointments I 've had the misfortune to watch in quite some time .
crisp framing , edgy camera work , and wholesale ineptitude
One of the most plain , unimaginative romantic comedies I 've ever seen .
One of the most unpleasant things the studio
the kind of parent who enjoys intentionally introducing your kids to films which will cause loads of irreparable damage that years and years of costly analysis could never fix
the kind of obnoxious
the kind of movie during which you want to bang your head on the seat in front of you , at its cluelessness , at its idiocy , at its utterly misplaced earnestness
, it 's too long and unfocused
staggers
is not enough to give the film the substance it so desperately needs .
is not as well-conceived as either of those films
is not even as daring as John Ritter 's glory days
sick and evil woman
because the movie serves up all of that stuff , nearly subliminally , as the old-hat province of male intrigue
is never quite able to overcome the cultural moat surrounding its ludicrous and contrived plot
is never quite able to overcome the cultural moat surrounding its ludicrous and contrived plot .
is never quite able to overcome the cultural moat surrounding its ludicrous and contrived plot . '
is never satisfactory
is never satisfactory .
is never sure to make a clear point -- even if it seeks to rely on an ambiguous presentation .
here a more annoying , though less angry version of the irresponsible sandlerian
here a more annoying , though less angry version
here a more annoying , though less angry
the similarly ill-timed Antitrust
at the sometimes murky , always brooding look of I
Showtime 's uninspired send-up of TV cop show cliches
in which the kids in the house will be gored
in which the slack execution italicizes the absurdity of the premise
in your face for two hours
otherwise appalling , and downright creepy ,
city by the sea would slip under the waves
city by the sea would slip under the waves .
otherwise appalling , and downright creepy
the glass slipper does n't quite fit
evokes shame among all who are party to it
Forget the Psychology 101 study of romantic obsession and just watch the procession of costumes in castles and this wo n't seem like such a bore
what the reaction of Israelis will be to this supposedly evenhanded presentation
what saves lives on the freeway does not necessarily make for persuasive viewing
as some of the recent hollywood trip tripe
as social expos , skins has its heart in the right place , but that 's not much to hang a soap opera on
another regurgitated action movie you 're after
another regurgitated action movie
another kung-fu sci-fi movie
another example of the sad decline of British comedies
another earnestly generic crime-busting comic vehicle -- a well-intentioned remake that shows some spunk and promise but fails to register as anything distinctive or daring
another stale , kill-by-numbers flick
a thousand years old ,
a thousand years old , but why did it have to seem like it took another thousand to tell it to us ?
a theater full of people constantly checking their watches
a thing to do with these characters except have them run through dark tunnels , fight off various anonymous attackers , and evade elaborate surveillance technologies
nonsense
can only be seen as propaganda
can not overcome the sense that Pumpkin is a mere plot pawn for two directors with far less endearing disabilities .
can not overcome the sense that Pumpkin is a mere plot pawn for two directors with far less endearing disabilities
can not mount a cogent defense of the film as entertainment , or even performance art , although the movie does leave you marveling at these guys ' superhuman capacity to withstand pain .
can only be described as sci-fi generic .
can only be described as sci-fi generic
at a perpetual frat party ... How can something so gross be so boring ?
at all the wrong times
at actors charged with the impossible task of making them jell
get lost in the murk of its own making
But Daphne , you 're too Buff \ \/ Fred thinks he 's tough \ \/ And Velma
Busy urban comedy is clearly not Zhang 's forte
Busy urban comedy is clearly not Zhang 's forte , his directorial touch is neither light nor magical enough to bring off this kind of whimsy .
The filmmakers keep pushing the jokes at the expense of character until things fall apart .
felt tired and drained
felt tired and drained and
felt sad for Lise not so much because of what happens as because she was captured by this movie when she obviously belongs in something lighter and sunnier , by Rohmer , for example .
felt tired and drained and wanted to lie on my own deathbed for a while
felt tired and drained and wanted to lie on my own deathbed for a while .
has so many flaws it would be easy for critics to shred it
feminism while gifting the most sympathetic male of the piece with a nice vomit bath at his wedding
feminism while gifting the most sympathetic male of the piece with a nice vomit bath at his wedding .
the dialogue is so corny that the audience laughs out loud
has so many flaws it would be easy for critics to shred it .
But its awkward structure keeps breaking the spell
that the characters barely move
just a simple fable done in an artless sytle
just a simple fable done in an artless sytle ,
that the filmmakers and studio are brazen enough to attempt to pass this stinker off as a scary movie
hoping that the audience will not notice the glaring triteness of the plot device
horrifying and oppressively tragic
horrifyingly
horrifyingly ,
demand a dumb , distracted audience
desiccated
desert
's horribly depressing and not very well done
's harder still to believe that anyone in his right mind would want to see the it
's hard to understand why anyone in his right mind would even think to make the attraction a movie .
's hard to shake the feeling that it was intended to be a different kind of film .
's hard to take her spiritual quest at all seriously
's horribly depressing and not very well done .
dark places
Set in a 1986 Harlem that does n't look much like anywhere in New York
, the film amounts to being lectured to by tech-geeks , if you 're up for that sort of thing .
, the film becomes predictably conventional .
, the film 's ice cold
Trailer trash cinema
Totally overwrought , deeply biased , and wholly designed to make you feel guilty about ignoring what the filmmakers clearly believe
Totally overwrought ,
Totally overwrought
, the drama feels rigged and sluggish .
older
on 30 pounds for the role
Trailer trash cinema so uncool the only thing missing is the '' Gadzooks ! ''
fails to provoke them .
fails to provoke them
fails to entertain
failings
fails to gel together .
fails to gel together
fails to match the freshness of the actress-producer and writer
fails to get
fails to provide much more insight than the inside column of a torn book jacket .
fails to provide much more insight than the inside column of a torn book jacket
looking for a story
looking for a sign . An EXIT sign , that is
A baffling misfire
A baffling misfire , and
A baffling misfire ,
A baffling misfire , and possibly the weakest movie ( Woody Allen ) has made in the last twenty years .
A baffling misfire , and possibly the weakest movie ( Woody Allen ) has made in the last twenty years
A benign but forgettable sci-fi
A benign but forgettable sci-fi diversion .
Debut effort by `` Project Greenlight '' winner is sappy and amateurish .
Deep down , I realized the harsh reality of my situation : I would leave the theater with a lower I.Q. than when I had entered .
Deep down , I realized the harsh reality of my situation : I would leave the theater with a lower I.Q. than when I had entered
Decent but dull .
An awkward hybrid
to ever get under the skin
of the cast or the redundant messages
designed Equilibrium becomes a concept doofus
with lingering questions about what the film is really getting at
the annoyance of that chatty fish
detention
deteriorates into a terribly obvious melodrama and rough-hewn vanity project for lead actress Andie MacDowell
deteriorates into a terribly obvious melodrama and rough-hewn vanity project for lead actress Andie MacDowell .
destroy everything we hold dear about cinema , only now it 's begun to split up so that it can do even more damage
desultory
determination to inject farcical raunch
'll be more entertained getting hit by a bus .
want to consider a different destination -- some jolly country embroiled in a bloody civil war , perhaps
To call The Other Side of Heaven `` appalling ''
To call The Other Side of Heaven `` appalling '' would be to underestimate just how dangerous entertainments like it can be .
Time literally stops on a dime in the tries-so-hard-to-be-cool `` Clockstoppers , '' but that does n't mean it still wo n't feel like the longest 90 minutes of your movie-going life
Time literally stops on a dime in the tries-so-hard-to-be-cool `` Clockstoppers , '' but that does n't mean it still wo n't feel like the longest 90 minutes of your movie-going life .
To be influenced chiefly by humanity 's greatest shame , reality shows -- reality shows for God 's sake !
Time literally stops on a dime in the tries-so-hard-to-be-cool `` Clockstoppers ,
Time literally stops on a dime in the tries-so-hard-to-be-cool `` Clockstoppers , ''
'd think filmmaker Simon Wells would have more reverence for the material . But this costly dud is a far cry from either the book or the beloved film
sad
's still quite bad .
's still terrible !
's so not-at-all-good
's so sloppily written and cast that you can not believe anyone more central to the creation of Bugsy than the caterer
's super - violent , super-serious and super-stupid
's super - violent , super-serious and super-stupid .
a universal product code instead of a title
a variant of the nincompoop benigni persona
a vehicle to showcase the canadian 's inane ramblings
too forced and overwritten
settles for being merely grim
settles for being merely grim .
setting fire to yourself
Pretend like your SAT scores are below 120
Notwithstanding my problem with the movie 's final half hour
Pretend it 's a werewolf itself by avoiding eye contact and walking slowly away . It 's fun , but
Pretend it 's a werewolf itself by avoiding eye contact and walking slowly away . It 's fun ,
Notorious C.H.O. has oodles of vulgar highlights .
Nothing wrong with performances here , but the whiney characters bugged me
Nothing wrong with performances here , but the whiney characters bugged me .
the product of loving , well integrated homage and more like a mere excuse for the wan , thinly sketched story . Killing time , that 's all that 's going on here
taxing
for bringing audiences into this hard and bitter place
this tepid genre offering
A film without surprise
A film which presses familiar Herzog tropes into the service of a limpid and conventional historical fiction , when really what we demand of the director is to be mesmerised .
A film which presses familiar Herzog tropes into the service of a limpid and conventional historical fiction , when really what we demand of the director
A film that will be best appreciated by those willing to endure its extremely languorous rhythms , Waiting for Happiness
staggers in terms of story .
A film without surprise geared toward maximum comfort and familiarity .
for any chance of enjoying this film is by lowering your expectations .
Solaris '' is a shapeless inconsequential move relying on the viewer to do most of the work .
Solaris '' is a shapeless inconsequential move relying on the viewer to do most of the work
boring , self-important stories of how horrible we are to ourselves and each other
boring , self-important stories
boring and obvious
boredom to the point of collapse , turning into a black hole of dullness , from which no interesting concept can escape
boredom to the point of collapse , turning into a black hole of dullness ,
boring , pretentious waste
complete wash
boring despite the scenery
boring before I see this piece of crap again
unimpressive acting and indifferent direction
this time , there is n't much
the actor 's whiny jags
the action scenes are poorly delivered
the absolute last thing we need Hollywood doing to us
the acting ranges from bad to bodacious
seems a half beat off .
seems a prostituted muse
have cost thousands and possibly millions of lives
we get an ugly , mean-spirited lashing out by an adult who 's apparently been forced by his kids to watch too many Barney videos .
we feel is n't mainly suspense or excitement
of useless actioners
of under-inspired , overblown enterprise that gives Hollywood sequels a bad name
hard to be funny in a way that 's too loud , too goofy and too short of an attention span
hard to believe that something so short could be so flabby
hard to imagine another director ever making his wife look so bad in a major movie
hard to care
typical Toback machinations
ugly , mean-spirited lashing
seems a disappointingly thin slice of lower-class London life ; despite the title ... amounts to surprisingly little .
ugly , pointless , stupid movie
seems a half beat off
ugly , pointless , stupid
if Ms. Sugarman followed through on her defiance of the saccharine
if The Hours wins ` Best Picture ' I just might .
if George Romero had directed this movie , it would n't have taken the protagonists a full hour to determine that in order to kill a zombie you must shoot it in the head
if I 've come to expect more from this studio than some 79-minute after-school `` cartoon ''
idiotically uses the website feardotcom.com or the improperly hammy performance from poor Stephen Rea
i.e. Peploe 's , it 's simply unbearable
ugly-duckling
if `` gory mayhem '' is your idea of a good time
if a bored Cage spent the duration of the film 's shooting schedule waiting to scream : `` Got AIDS yet
ultimate demise
sad to say -- it accurately reflects the rage and alienation that fuels the self-destructiveness of many young people
supernatural snore-fest
superficial snapshot
superficial in its approach to the material .
superficial and trend-hoppy
superficial in its approach to the material
Its characters are thinner than cardboard -- or even comic-book paper .
Its generic villains lack any intrigue ( other than their funny accents )
Its generic villains lack any intrigue ( other than their funny accents ) and
Its generic villains lack any intrigue ( other than their funny accents ) and the action scenes are poorly delivered
Its generic villains lack any intrigue ( other than their funny accents ) and the action scenes are poorly delivered .
Its lack
Its lack of quality
Its lack of quality earns it a place alongside those other two recent Dumas botch-jobs , The Man in the Iron Mask and The Musketeer .
ultimately purposeless
is a typical romantic lead
is n't complex enough to hold our interest
is n't complex enough to hold our interest .
is n't as weird as it ought to be
is n't as weird as it ought to be .
is n't as quirky as it thinks it is and its comedy is generally mean-spirited
is n't as funny as it should be
members of the cultural elite
his constant need to suddenly transpose himself into another character undermines the story 's continuity and progression
his determination to remain true to the original text leads him to adopt a somewhat mannered tone ... that ultimately dulls the human tragedy at the story 's core
of the most curiously depressing
like most rabbits , it seems to lack substance .
her film is unrelentingly claustrophobic and unpleasant
like an old Warner Bros. costumer jived with sex
like being trapped while some weird relative trots out the video he took of the family vacation to Stonehenge
certainly does n't feel like a film that strays past the two and a half mark
from rambling , repetitive dialogue and the visual
from laughing at the ridiculous dialog or the oh-so convenient plot twists
from one implausible situation to another
want to crawl up your own \*\*\* in embarrassment
with phony humility barely camouflaging grotesque narcissism
with only weak claims to surrealism and black comedy
with nothing but a Savage Garden music video on his resume
with nothing but a Savage Garden music video on his resume , he has no clue about making a movie
wanes .
want a real movie
want my money back .
generic villains
more ways that one in Clockstoppers , a sci-fi thriller as lazy as it is interminable
more unmentionable subjects
the tumultuous surroundings of Los Angeles
some difficult relationships
and lurches between not-very-funny comedy , unconvincing dramatics
and mainly unfunny
and mind-numbing indifference
fresh to say about growing up Catholic or , really , anything
as ` worse than expected
sad , superior
It 's loud and boring
It 's like every bad idea that 's ever gone into an after-school special compiled in one place , minus those daytime programs ' slickness and sophistication ( and who knew they even had any ? ) .
and '' Imitation
utterly distracting blunder
a similarly morose and humorless horror movie
by the intentionally low standards of frat-boy humor
by the cast members , who seem bound and determined to duplicate Bela Lugosi 's now-cliched vampire accent
bad so much as distasteful
get me down
is routine
is riddled with plot holes big enough for its titular hero to drive his sleek black BMW through
is riddled with plot holes big enough for its titular hero to drive his sleek black BMW through .
is rigid and evasive
is ripe for the Jerry Springer crowd .
the answer is clear : Not easily and , in the end , not well enough .
the annoying demeanour of its lead character
the annoying demeanour
Dirty
regurgitated action movie
regurgitated
rehash old jokes and
rehash old jokes
regret to report that these ops are just not extreme enough
pseudo-witty copycat interpretations
look downright unfree
look at this and its like you 're going from one room to the next and none of them have any relation to the other
looking for something new
a time when commercialism has squeezed the life out of whatever idealism American moviemaking ever had
, the film has -- ironically - distanced us from the characters
less-than-magic
they 've already seen this exact same movie a hundred times
less than saintly tones
less worthy of Puccini
less-compelling
less worthy of Puccini than they are of daytime television
Bears is bad . Not ` terrible filmmaking ' bad , but more like , ' I once had a nightmare like this ,
Be Really Awful
Bears is bad . Not ` terrible filmmaking ' bad , but more like
Filmmakers have to dig deep to sink this low . Fortunately for all involved
Filmmakers have to dig deep to sink this low . Fortunately for all involved , this movie is likely to disappear as quickly as an ice cube thrown into a pot of boiling water .
Fessenden has nurtured his metaphors at the expense of his narrative
Fessenden has nurtured his metaphors at the expense of his narrative ,
sleepwalk through vulgarities in a sequel you can refuse
one mediocre movie
... the story simply putters along looking for astute observations and coming up blank .
... the sum of the parts equals largely a confused mediocrity .
... there 's a choppy , surface-effect feeling to the whole enterprise .
... there just is n't much to laugh at .
... the film suffers from a lack of humor ( something needed to balance out the violence ) ...
... the last time I saw a theater full of people constantly checking their watches was during my SATs .
... the movie is just a plain old monster .
... the picture fails to generate much suspense , nor does it ask searching enough questions to justify its pretensions .
Family togetherness takes a back seat to inter-family rivalry and workplace ambition
's one of the most plain white toast comic book films
such as skateboarder Tony Hawk or BMX rider Mat Hoffman , are about a half dozen young Turks angling to see how many times they can work the words `` radical '' or `` suck '' into a sentence .
... a sour little movie at its core ; an exploration of the emptiness that underlay the relentless gaiety of the 1920 's ... The film 's ending has a `` What was it all for ?
... a sour little movie at its core ; an exploration of the emptiness that underlay the relentless gaiety of the 1920 's ... The film 's ending has a `` What was it all for ? ''
... a sour little movie at its core ; an exploration of the emptiness that underlay the relentless gaiety of the 1920 's ...
... a sour little movie at its core ; an exploration of the emptiness that underlay the relentless gaiety of the 1920 's ... The film 's ending has a `` What was it all for
... a sour little movie at its core ; an exploration of the emptiness that underlay the relentless gaiety of the 1920
... a sour little movie at its core ; an exploration of the emptiness that underlay the relentless gaiety
... a plotline that 's as lumpy as two-day old porridge ... the filmmakers ' paws , sad to say , were all over this `` un-bear-able '' project !
... a pretentious mess ...
zero-dimensional , unlikable characters and hackneyed , threadbare comic setups
zero-dimensional , unlikable characters and
mention inappropriate and wildly undeserved
zero thrills , too many flashbacks and a choppy ending make for a bad film .
Despite suffering a sense-of-humour failure
Despite suffering a sense-of-humour failure , The Man Who Wrote Rocky does not deserve to go down with a ship as leaky as this .
Despite the fact that this film was n't as bad as I thought it was going to be , it 's still not a good movie
Despite terrific special effects and funnier gags , Harry Potter and the Chamber of Secrets finds a way to make J . K . Rowling 's marvelous series into a deadly bore .
laugh at how bad
's really done it this time . That chirpy songbird Britney Spears has popped up with more mindless drivel
's really bad
's pretty toxic in its own right .
's pretty toxic in its own right
's plenty of style in Guillermo Del Toro 's sequel to the 1998 hit but why do we need 117 minutes to tell a tale that simply ca n't sustain more than 90 minutes .
's rarely as entertaining as it could have been
's push-the-limits teen comedy , the type written by people who ca n't come up with legitimate funny
How Martha Got Her Groove Back -- assuming , that is , she ever had one to begin with
whole slo-mo , double-pistoled , ballistic-pyrotechnic Hong Kong action
who would not likely be so stupid as to get
throughout the chaos
through this bogus veneer
At its worst , it implodes in a series of very bad special effects .
At best this is a film for the under-7 crowd .
the character of Critical Jim two-dimensional and pointless
the characters ' quirks and foibles never jell into charm
` You 'll laugh for not quite and hour and a half , but come out feeling strangely unsatisfied . You 'll feel like you ate a Reeses without the peanut butter ... '
, it 's icky .
, it 's far from being this generation 's Animal House .
, it 's kind of insulting , both to men and women .
, it 's not very good either .
I can take infantile humor
I can easily imagine Benigni 's Pinocchio becoming a Christmas perennial . Coal is n't as easy to come by as it used to be and this would be a worthy substitute for naughty children 's stockings
I can only imagine one thing worse than Kevin Spacey trying on an Irish accent
I can only imagine one thing worse than Kevin Spacey trying on an Irish accent ,
I can only imagine one thing worse than Kevin Spacey trying on an Irish accent , and
I can only imagine one thing worse than Kevin Spacey trying on an Irish accent , and that 's sultry Linda Fiorentino doing the same thing
I can only imagine one thing worse than Kevin Spacey trying on an Irish accent , and that 's sultry Linda Fiorentino doing the same thing .
rent those movies instead ,
rent those movies instead
rent the Disney version
sleeping pill
sloppy drama
slogs its way
slogs its way through
slow , soggy , soporific , visually dank
slow , soggy , soporific , visually dank crime melodrama\/character study
slow , drab
slow , drab , and bordering on melodramatic
slow and unwieldy
The story is less vibrant , the jokes are a little lukewarm ,
The story is less vibrant , the jokes are a little lukewarm
The story passes time until it 's time for an absurd finale of twisted metal , fireballs and revenge .
The story loses its bite in a last-minute happy ending that 's even less plausible than the rest of the picture .
soliloquies about nothing delivered by the former Mr . Drew Barrymore
their estranged gay and
solemn pretension
for its incessant coarseness and banality
talked all the way through it
little-known perspective
in the compendium about crass , jaded movie types and the phony baloney movie biz
in the conception than it does in the execution
in the broiling sun for a good three days
little substance
tabloid
with a tawdry B-movie scum
A generic family comedy unlikely to be appreciated by anyone outside the under-10 set .
A glossy knock-off
A good-looking but ultimately pointless political thriller
A glossy knock-off of a B-movie revenge
watch people doing unpleasant things to each other and themselves
of special effects that run the gamut from cheesy to cheesier to cheesiest
you 've missed the first half-dozen episodes and probably
the effects not as innovative , nor the story as imaginative as in the original .
the embarrassing script
... if you , like me , think an action film disguised as a war tribute is disgusting to begin with , then you 're in for a painful ride .
the embarrassing script and weak direction
the embarrassing script and
facetious
rice 's second
This is lightweight filmmaking , to be sure ,
This is lightweight filmmaking , to be sure
... is dudsville
rather too plainly
spends a bit too much time on its fairly ludicrous plot
its focus always appears questionable
trying to have the best of both worlds
the achingly unfunny Phonce and his several silly subplots
dumbed-down approach
the achingly unfunny Phonce
the absence of narrative continuity
is because so many of us keep going and then , out of embarrassment or stupidity , not warning anyone
is because so many of us keep going and then , out of embarrassment or stupidity ,
is because so many of us keep going and then , out of embarrassment or stupidity , not warning anyone .
is best described as lukewarm . Maybe
is better than most of the writing in the movie
dumber
spends a bit too much time
up out of John C. Walsh 's Pipe Dream
the absurdity of the premise
within scams within scams
says ` I 'm telling you , this is f \*\*\* ed '
overproduced
overproduced piece of dreck is shockingly bad and absolutely unnecessary . Hmmm
oversimplification , superficiality and silliness
overstating
tossed off
torments and angst
torments and
torments
as a numbingly dull experience
as a nifty plot line in Steven Soderbergh 's Traffic fails to arrive at any satisfying destination
as a low-budget series on a UHF channel
of great actors hamming it up
same extremes prevent us from taking its message seriously
there 'll be a power outage during your screening so you can get your money back
the compendium about crass , jaded movie types and the phony baloney movie biz
the conceit of setting this blood-soaked tragedy of murderous ambition in the era of Richard Nixon
an overbearing series
an overlong episode
an overlong visit from a large group of your relatives
an overlong visit
an overly deliberate pace
an overly sillified plot
an overly deliberate pace and uneven narrative momentum
More concerned with Sade 's ideas
special-effects soul assaults the Mummy pictures
the most opaque , self-indulgent and just plain
the most opaque , self-indulgent and just plain goofy
required to have ushers in the theater that hand you a cup of coffee every few minutes
reputedly `` unfilmable '' novels
repugnant
if this is a crazy work of disturbed genius or merely 90 minutes of post-adolescent Electra rebellion
Best enjoyed as a work of fiction inspired by real-life events . Those seeking a definitive account of Eisenstein 's life would do better elsewhere .
, artificial and opaque
, and totally disorientated .
, any John Waters movie has it beat by a country mile .
so fraught
that usually goes straight to video -- with a lousy script , inept direction , pathetic acting , poorly dubbed dialogue and murky cinematography
who is chasing who or
is so trite that even Yu 's high-energy action stylings ca n't break through the stupor .
is so trite that even Yu 's high-energy action stylings ca n't break through the stupor
is so trite
is so stale , in fact , that its most vibrant scene is one that uses clips from Brian De Palma 's Scarface . That 's a cheat .
is so stale , in fact , that its most vibrant scene is one that uses clips from Brian De Palma 's Scarface . That 's a cheat
is so stale , in fact ,
is so stale , in fact
is so stale
is so slick , superficial and trend-hoppy , that it 's easy to imagine that a new software program spit out the screenplay .
Little Nicky bad
Little more than a frothy vanity project
Little more than a frothy vanity project .
Live-honed mimicry
Deadeningly dull , mired in convoluted melodrama
Deadeningly dull , mired in convoluted melodrama ,
Deadeningly dull
Deadeningly dull ,
Dead Man
Deadeningly
, unconvincing
, ugly , pointless and depressing , even if you hate clowns .
, truly bad
, too boring , and occasionally annoying .
, too stolid to be funny
, too dull and pretentious to be engaging
A moving picture that does not move .
A one-trick pony
A movie that , rather than skip along the Seine , more or less slogs its way through soggy Paris , tongue uncomfortably in cheek .
A movie that ca n't get sufficient distance from Leroy 's
A movie that 's about as overbearing and over-the-top as the family it
A movie that 's about as overbearing and over-the-top as the family it depicts .
A movie that tries to fuse the two ` woods ' but winds up a Bolly-Holly masala mess .
A movie that ca n't get sufficient distance from Leroy 's delusions to escape their maudlin influence .
Kapur 's contradictory feelings about his material result in a movie that works against itself .
walked away not really know who '' they '' were , what '' they '' looked like . Why '' they '' were here and what '' they '' wanted and quite honestly , I did n't care
'm not sure which is worse
waiting for Frida to just die already
original rape
too effective in creating an atmosphere of dust-caked stagnation
walked out muttering words like '' horrible ''
walked away not really know who '' they '' were , what '' they '' looked like . Why '' they '' were here and what '' they '' wanted and quite honestly , I did n't care .
'm convinced I could keep a family of five blind , crippled , Amish people alive in this situation better than these British soldiers do at keeping themselves kicking
, these bromides would be barely enough to sustain an interstitial program on the Discovery Channel .
, there is no real reason to see it .
, there 's no saving the movie
, there is little else to recommend `` Never Again . ''
would call it , ` Hungry-Man portions of bad '
would do well to cram earplugs in their ears and put pillowcases over their heads for 87 minutes .
to watch performing in a film that is only mildly diverting
would ever work in a McCulloch production again if they looked at how this movie turned out
would fit Chan like a $ 99 bargain-basement special
We never feel anything for these characters ,
We never feel anything for these characters
We never feel anything for these characters , and as a result the film is basically just a curiosity
We never feel anything for these characters , and
We never feel anything for these characters , and as a result the film is basically just a curiosity .
Weighted down
Weighted down with slow ,
Weighted down with slow
super-stupid
another day of Brit cinema
gone too commercial since his two Oscar nominated films in 2000
the end credits rolled about 45 minutes in
the endless pratfalls
's the star power of the cast or the redundant messages
's probably not easy to make such a worthless film ...
's rare to see a movie that takes such a speedy swan dive from '' promising '' to '' interesting '' to '' familiar '' before landing squarely on '' stupid '' .
's probably not accurate to call it a movie
's probably not easy to make such a worthless film
steers clear of the sensational and offers instead an unflinching and objective look at a decidedly perverse pathology
's really just another Major League
be completely forgettable
be consigned to the dustbin of history
playing the obvious game
About as original as a gangster sweating
'' 13 conversations '' holds its goodwill close , but is relatively slow to come to the point
$ 9 and 93 minutes of unrecoverable life
, unfunny one
, uncompromising
, uncouth , incomprehensible , vicious and absurd
, unaccountable direction is technically sophisticated in the worst way .
wonder why Enough was n't just a music video rather than a full-length movie .
as the film descends into unsophisticated scare tactics and B-film thuggery
wonder why Enough was n't just a music video rather than a full-length movie
sit and stare and turn away from one another instead of talking
determine how well the schmaltz is manufactured -- to assess the quality of the manipulative engineering
devoid of pleasure or sensuality
sit and stare and turn away from one another instead of talking and
wonder why . They felt like the same movie to me
been better off as a documentary , with less of Mr. Eyre 's uninspired dramatics and more of his sense of observation and outrage
been acted out
been allowed to use the word `` new '' in its title , because there 's not an original character , siuation or joke in the entire movie
been benefited from a sharper , cleaner script before it went in front of the camera
been better off as a documentary , with less of Mr. Eyre 's uninspired dramatics and more
seen this before
would be very possible for a reasonably intelligent person to sit through its tidal wave of imagery and not get this vision at all
would become `` the punk kids ' revolution
would do better elsewhere .
would have a résumé loaded with credits like `` Girl in Bar # 3 .
would have a résumé loaded with credits like `` Girl in Bar # 3 . ''
he loses his focus when he concentrates on any single person .
he just slopped ` em together here
he is not more lucratively engaged in the shameless self-caricature of ` Analyze This ' ( 1999 ) and ` Analyze That , ' promised ( or threatened ) for later this year
he makes Arnold Schwarzenegger look like Spencer Tracy .
he should not be forgiven
A really good premise is frittered away in middle-of-the-road blandness .
It might as well have been Problem Child IV .
The film 's messages of tolerance and diversity are n't particularly original
witless mess
without thrills and a mystery devoid
witlessness
witless script
is the equivalent of French hip-hop , which also seems to play on a 10-year delay
the clichés
the bursts of sudden violence
seven days left to live
is one of those crazy , mixed-up films that does n't know what it wants to be when it grows up .
is one of those crazy , mixed-up films that does n't know what it wants to be when it grows up
a sour taste in one 's mouth , and little else
can see where this dumbed-down concoction is going
can see the filmmakers ' puppet strings
can see the would-be surprises coming a mile away
can smell the grease on the plot
can something so gross
can see where this dumbed-down concoction is going .
can something so gross be so boring
can something so gross be so boring ?
hand viewers a suitcase full of easy answers
the negative and the script
the new film is a subzero version of Monsters , Inc. , without the latter 's imagination , visual charm or texture .
above the level of an after-school TV special
abrupt drop
above the level of a telanovela
the songs are painfully undistinguished
the smug and self-congratulatory kind
the smug self-satisfaction
the smug self-satisfaction usually associated with the better private schools
of paint-by-number American blockbusters like Pearl Harbor
just does n't add up .
just does n't make sense
just does n't make the cut
just did n't care as much for the story
just did n't mean much to me and played too skewed to ever get a hold on
just do n't really care too much about this love story . In that setting , their struggle is simply too ludicrous and borderline insulting .
just feels generic
to balance all the formulaic equations in the long-winded heist comedy
pale script
pale imitation
rings false .
happened with Pluto Nash ? How did it ever get made ?
happened with Pluto Nash ? How did it ever get made
on the assassination of John F . Kennedy
that never really busts out of its comfy little cell
and through to the most painfully marginal lives
touts his drug as being 51 times stronger than coke . If you 're looking for a tale of Brits behaving badly , watch Snatch again . It 's 51 times better than this .
and too stylized by half
brings out the worst in otherwise talented actors
shrill and soporific
suckers
suffices
the sizzle of old news
Exploitative and
Exploitative and largely devoid of the depth or sophistication that would make watching such a graphic treatment of the crimes bearable
Exploitative and largely devoid
Exploitative and largely devoid of the depth or sophistication that would make watching such a graphic treatment of the crimes bearable .
action that feels not only manufactured , but also so false you can see the filmmakers ' puppet strings
action movie excess while remaining heartless
at the least demanding of demographic groups
give I Am Trying to Break Your Heart an attraction it desperately needed .
give I Am Trying to Break Your Heart an attraction it desperately needed
This is an insultingly inept and artificial examination of grief and its impacts upon the relationships of the survivors .
dark , dull thriller
bland , surfacey
bland , surfacey way
bland Hollywood romance
bland actors
bland animation
to make one pine for the day when godard can no longer handle the rigors of filmmaking
, Ash Wednesday is essentially devoid of interesting characters or even a halfway intriguing plot .
, 91-minute trailer
Maybe it 's the star power of the cast or the redundant messages , but something aboul '' Full Frontal '' seems , well , contrived .
Maybe it 's asking too much , but if a movie is truly going to inspire me , I want a little more than this .
Maybe it 's the star power of the cast or the redundant messages
's a little weak
's also built on a faulty premise , one it follows into melodrama and silliness
's an emotion closer to pity
's an 88-minute highlight reel that 's 86 minutes too long
, rehash old jokes and leave any life at the doorstep . I like Frank the Pug , though
, repetitive
, resembles a bad high school production of Grease , without benefit of song .
, ridiculous
, run-of-the-mill Hollywood picture
, rusty ship
I have a confession to make : I did n't particularly like E . T . the first time I saw it as a young boy . That is because - damn it !
I hated myself in the morning .
I have a confession to make : I did n't particularly like E . T . the first time I saw it as a young boy . That is because - damn it ! -
I have a confession to make : I did n't particularly like E . T . the first time I saw it as a young boy . That is because - damn it ! - I also wanted a little alien as a friend !
Dong never pushes for insights beyond the superficial tensions of the dynamic he 's dissecting , and
Dong never pushes for insights beyond the superficial tensions of the dynamic he 's dissecting ,
Dong never pushes for insights beyond the superficial tensions of the dynamic he 's dissecting
Done in mostly by a weak script that ca n't support the epic treatment .
Done in mostly by a weak script that ca n't support the epic treatment
's gone too commercial since his two Oscar nominated films in 2000
crash 'em
crash-and-bash
crap on a leash -- far too polite to scale the lunatic heights of Joe Dante 's similarly styled Gremlins
crappy
crappy movies
crapulence
Lilia 's transformation from strict mother to sensual siren is superficially preposterous
mothball-y
mothball-y stuff
Klein , charming in comedies like American Pie and dead-on in Election , delivers one of the saddest action hero performances ever witnessed .
's the perfect cure for insomnia .
's the kind of under-inspired , overblown enterprise that gives Hollywood sequels a bad name
's the kind of under-inspired , overblown enterprise that gives Hollywood sequels a bad name .
's the movie equivalent of a sweaty old guy in a rain coat shopping for cheap porn
's the movie equivalent of a sweaty old guy in a rain coat shopping for cheap porn .
's the perfect cure for insomnia
Well made but uninvolving , Bloodwork is n't a terrible movie , just a stultifyingly obvious one -- an unrewarding collar for a murder mystery .
Welcome to Collinwood never catches fire .
Well , Jason 's gone to Manhattan and Hell
Well , Jason 's gone to Manhattan and Hell , I guess a space station in the year 2455 can be crossed off the list of ideas for the inevitable future sequels ( hey , do n't shoot the messenger ) .
I did n't smile .
I did n't find much fascination in the swinging . What they 're doing is a matter of plumbing arrangements and mind games , of no erotic or sensuous charge . But
I did n't find much fascination in the swinging . What they 're doing is a matter of plumbing arrangements and mind games , of no erotic or sensuous charge .
I did n't care
I did n't laugh . I did n't smile . I survived .
I did n't laugh . I did n't smile .
I did n't laugh .
the only part of the film that is enlightening -- and how appreciative you are of this depends on your level of fandom
Reeboir varies between a sweet smile and an angry bark , while Said attempts to wear down possible pupils through repetition . It has no affect on the Kurds , but
Real-life strongman Ahola lacks the charisma and ability to carry the film on his admittedly broad shoulders .
Reeboir varies between a sweet smile and an angry bark , while Said attempts to wear down possible pupils through repetition . It has no affect on the Kurds , but it wore me down .
Reeboir varies between a sweet smile and an angry bark , while Said attempts to wear down possible pupils through repetition . It has no affect on the Kurds , but it wore me down
perpetually wasted
of bringing a barf bag to the moviehouse
of bland hotels , highways , parking lots
Pa . is a strangely drab romp . Some studio pizazz
Paid In Full is so stale , in fact , that its most vibrant scene is one that uses clips from Brian De Palma 's Scarface . That 's a cheat .
Jr . 's Barbershop
Julia Roberts hands out awards -- with phony humility barely camouflaging grotesque narcissism
Julie Davis is the Kathie Lee Gifford of film directors , sadly proving once again ego does n't always go hand in hand with talent .
, lacks Fellowship 's heart
the writhing and wailing , tears , rage and opium overdoses
us for this gory , perverted , sex-soaked riff on the cannibal genre
is akin to a Reader 's Digest condensed version of the source material .
is akin to a Reader 's Digest condensed version of the source material
A journey that 's too random and inconclusive to be compelling , but which Hoffman 's brilliance
But unless you 're an absolute raving Star Wars junkie , it is n't much fun .
the film ... It was the unfulfilling , incongruous , `` wait a second
the film 's considered approach to its subject matter is too calm and thoughtful for agitprop , and the thinness of its characterizations makes it a failure as straight drama . '
the same lazy affability
work better as a real documentary without the insinuation of mediocre acting or a fairly trite narrative
some kid who ca n't act , only echoes of Jordan , and weirdo actor Crispin Glover screwing things up old school
some kid who ca n't act , only
some kid who ca n't act , only echoes of Jordan
some kid who ca n't act , only echoes of Jordan ,
some kid who ca n't act , only echoes of Jordan , and
the National Lampoon film franchise , too long reduced to direct-to-video irrelevancy
that is tortured and unsettling --
fret
contrived pastiche of caper clich s .
contrived pastiche of caper clich s
controversy
's got to be a more graceful way of portraying the devastation of this disease
Diaz wears out her welcome in her most charmless performance
Did it move me to care about what happened in 1915 Armenia ? No . And that is where Ararat went astray .
Scores no points for originality , wit , or intelligence .
sick and demented
mild headache
in terms of the low-grade cheese standards on which it operates
in such odd plot
way to tolerate this insipid , brutally clueless film
impatiently squinting at your watch
all its star power on cliched or meaningless roles
Taylor appears to have blown his entire budget on soundtrack rights and had nothing left over for jokes .
Tara Reid plays a college journalist ,
Tara Reid plays a college journalist , but she looks like the six-time winner of the Miss Hawaiian Tropic Pageant , so I do n't know what she 's doing in here
ransacked every old World War II movie for overly familiar material
a contrivance , as artificial as the video games Japanese teens play
through this picture I was beginning to hate it
into sodden melodrama , punctuated by violins
through this sloppy , made-for-movie comedy special
into sham truths
into sham truths and routine '' indie '' filmmaking , Freundlich has made just another safe movie
into sham truths and routine '' indie '' filmmaking
into predictably treacherous situations
through worn-out material
but the project surrounding them is distressingly rote
ransacks its archives
ransacks
should be served an eviction notice at every theater stuck with it .
by way of what can be gleaned from this three-hour endurance test built around an hour 's worth of actual material
by way of Very Bad Things
snared in its own tangled plot
was vile enough
comes across rather too plainly as allegory
comedy-deficient , B-movie
comes across as clinical , detached , uninvolving , possibly prompting audience members to wonder , ` What 's the point ? '
comes across more as a sketch for a full-length comedy
impossible
impossible to sit through
's nothing here that they could n't have done in half an hour
's not yet an actress , not quite a singer ...
rotoscope animation for no apparent reason except
`` Never Again ''
satire and callow student film
best spent elsewhere
Without a strong script and energetic acting , Dogma films can produce the same sleep-inducing effects as watching your neighbor 's home videos .
Without a strong script and energetic acting
Witherspoon is just too dialed-up to be America 's Sweetheart .
Without September 11 , Collateral Damage would have been just another bad movie . Now it 's a bad , embarrassing movie .
With tiny little jokes and nary an original idea , this sappy ethnic sleeper proves that not only blockbusters pollute the summer movie pool .
With tiny little jokes and nary an original idea
With virtually no interesting elements for an audience to focus on , Chelsea Walls is a triple-espresso endurance challenge .
With virtually no interesting elements for an audience to focus on
too bad it does n't have more flashes of insight
This painfully unfunny farce traffics in tired stereotypes and encumbers itself with complications ...
This painfully unfunny farce traffics in tired stereotypes and encumbers itself with complications ... that have no bearing on the story
tossing around obscure expressions like Bellini and Mullinski
This overlong infomercial , due out on video before month 's end , is tepid and tedious .
This painfully unfunny farce
This painfully unfunny farce traffics in tired stereotypes and encumbers itself with complications
This one aims for the toilet and scores a direct hit .
This overlong infomercial
This overlong infomercial ,
This overlong infomercial , due out on video before month 's end
, getting there is not even half the interest .
of Direct-to-Video Nash
An uneven mix of dark satire and childhood awakening .
An uneven mix
An ugly-duckling tale so hideously and clumsily told it feels accidental .
An ugly-duckling tale so hideously and clumsily
artificial and opaque
artificiality
artificial suspense
would have been funnier if the director had released the outtakes theatrically and used the film as a bonus feature on the DVD
would have done well to end this flawed , dazzling series with the raising of something other than his own cremaster
, we ca n't recommend anything but a rental for The Tuxedo
of mediocre TV-movie
of mean-spiritedness
vex nearly everyone
, we 're subjected to one mind-numbingly lengthy riff on poo and pee jokes after another
, we 've been here , done that
, visually dank
his dead mother
nagging suspicion
Though Jones and Snipes are enthralling , the movie bogs down in rhetoric and cliché .
find adolescence difficult to wade through
comes closer to the failure of the third Revenge of the Nerds sequel
finally succeeds in diminishing his stature from Oscar-winning master to lowly studio hack .
comes off as a kingdom more mild than wild .
comes off as only occasionally satirical and never fresh .
Though Harris is affecting at times , he can not overcome the sense that Pumpkin is a mere plot pawn for two directors with far less endearing disabilities .
asks you to feel sorry for Mick Jagger 's sex life
unsurprising
unstinting
unsteady
painful to watch witherspoon 's talents wasting away inside unnecessary films like legally blonde and sweet home abomination , i mean , alabama
painfully
painful
painfully formulaic
painfully formulaic and
painfully aware of their not-being
painfully formulaic and stilted
a film is created SOLELY because it 's a marketable product
is a certain sense of experimentation and improvisation to this film that may not always work
damn thing
damn moldy
damn moldy values
almost anachronistic
almost all of its accumulated enjoyment with a crucial third act miscalculation
Yes , Spirited Away is a triumph of imagination , but it 's also a failure of storytelling .
as a tarantula , Helga
edited , often awkwardly directed and suffers from the addition of a wholly unnecessary pre-credit sequence designed to give some of the characters a ` back story
Yes , Spirited Away is a triumph of imagination , but it 's also a failure of storytelling
too smugly superior
too smugly
my mind kept returning to one anecdote for comparison : the cartoon in Japan that gave people seizures .
too smart to ignore but a little too smugly superior to like , this could be a movie that ends up slapping its target audience in the face by shooting itself in the foot
to focus on the humiliation of Martin as he defecates in bed
my friend David Cross would call it , ` Hungry-Man portions of bad '
Is n't as sharp as the original ... Despite some visual virtues , ` Blade II ' just does n't cut it .
Is not
Is anyone else out there getting tired of the whole slo-mo , double-pistoled , ballistic-pyrotechnic Hong Kong action aesthetic
Is anyone else out there getting tired of the whole slo-mo , double-pistoled , ballistic-pyrotechnic Hong Kong action aesthetic ?
Is n't as sharp as the original
are likely to lose interest before Sandrine
can be made on the cheap
Cry , Deliverance , and
Cruel and inhuman cinematic punishment
Cruel
Cruel and
an 88-minute rip-off
an 88-minute rip-off of The Rock
showing them heartbreakingly drably
shows Holmes has the screen presence to become a major-league leading lady , ( but ) the movie itself is an underachiever , a psychological mystery that takes its sweet time building to a climax that 's scarcely a surprise by the time
shows Holmes has the screen presence to become a major-league leading lady , ( but ) the movie itself is an underachiever , a psychological mystery that takes its sweet time building to a climax that 's scarcely a surprise by the time it arrives .
twisted metal
retooled genre piece
One long
One ca n't shake the feeling that Crossroads is nothing more than an hour-and-a-half-long commercial for Britney 's latest album .
Confirms the nagging suspicion that Ethan Hawke would be even worse behind the camera than he is in front of it .
May lack the pungent bite of its title
It does give you a peek . The main problem being that it 's only a peek .
It does n't flinch from its unsettling prognosis , namely , that the legacy of war is a kind of perpetual pain .
Had anyone here done anything remotely intelligent
the setting in an attempt to make the film relevant today , without fully understanding what it was that made the story relevant in the first place
the strange horror of life
spliced random moments of a Chris Rock routine
spoil things
spliced random moments of a Chris Rock routine into what is otherwise a cliche-riddled but self-serious spy thriller
spliced random moments of a Chris Rock routine into what is otherwise a cliche-riddled but self-serious spy thriller .
spoil what could have been an important documentary about stand-up comedy
recognise any of the signposts , as if discovering a way through to the bitter end
damned
damn weird
screwed-up characters
are little more than collections of quirky traits lifted from a screenwriter 's outline and thrown at actors charged with the impossible task of making them jell
I 'm all for the mentally challenged getting their fair shot in the movie business , but surely it does n't have to be as a collection of keening and self-mutilating sideshow geeks
I 'm all for the mentally challenged getting their fair shot in the movie business ,
I 'm Not , and then I realized that I just did n't care
I 'm Not
thought they could achieve an air of frantic spontaneity by simply tossing in lots of characters doing silly stuff and stirring the pot
do n't know whether to admire the film 's stately nature and call it classicism or be exasperated by a noticeable lack of pace
has too many spots where it 's on slippery footing ,
has too many spots where it 's on slippery footing , but
has too many spots where it 's on slippery footing
has the thrown-together feel of a summer-camp talent show : hastily written , underrehearsed , arbitrarily plotted and filled with crude humor and vulgar innuendo
has the thrown-together feel of a summer-camp talent show : hastily written , underrehearsed , arbitrarily plotted and filled with crude humor and vulgar innuendo .
has the thrown-together feel of a summer-camp talent show : hastily written , underrehearsed , arbitrarily plotted
has the thrown-together feel of a summer-camp talent show : hastily written , underrehearsed , arbitrarily plotted and
sabotaged by pomposity
screams '' bathroom break
, but then fizzles like a wet stick of dynamite at the very end .
we 've all seen bits of in other films
It 's just disappointingly superficial
It 's just a silly black genre spoof .
It 's impossible to indulge the fanciful daydreams of Janice Beard ( Eileen Walsh ) when her real-life persona is so charmless and vacant .
It 's inoffensive , cheerful , built to inspire the young people , set to an unending soundtrack of beach party pop numbers and aside from its remarkable camerawork and awesome scenery , it 's about as exciting as a sunburn .
It 's inoffensive , cheerful , built to inspire the young people , set to an unending soundtrack of beach party pop numbers and aside from its remarkable camerawork and awesome scenery , it 's about as exciting as a sunburn
is pretty landbound , with its leaden acting , dull exposition and telegraphed ` surprises .
the face of official repression
shown poor judgment in planning to marry Ben Affleck
into combat hell
The movie 's something-borrowed construction feels less the product of loving , well integrated homage and more like a mere excuse for the wan , thinly sketched story .
The movie barely makes sense , with its unbelievable naïveté and arbitrary flashbacks .
The movie feels stitched together from stock situations and characters from other movies .
will get you thinking , ` Are we there yet
to see how far Herzog has fallen
will find it either moderately amusing or just plain irrelevant
will ever be anything more than losers
dysfunctional and destructive
dysfunctional and
each overwrought new sequence
A bland , obnoxious 88-minute infomercial for Universal Studios and its ancillary products .
A bland , obnoxious 88-minute infomercial for Universal Studios and its ancillary products
A bizarre piece of work , with premise and dialogue at the level of kids ' television and plot threads as morose as teen pregnancy , rape and suspected murder
's hard to pity the ` plain ' girl who becomes a ravishing waif after applying a smear of lip-gloss
have stopped watching long ago
have that same option to slap her creators because they 're clueless and inept
save for the ways in which it studiously avoids provoking thought
like the grittiest movie that was ever made for the Lifetime cable television network .
save itself from being unoriginal , unfunny and unrecommendable
in its child-centered , claustrophobic context , it can be just as frightening and disturbing -- even punishing
's harder still to believe that anyone in his right mind would want to see the it .
's hard to understand why anyone in his right mind would even think to make the attraction a movie
loser
's hard to say who might enjoy this
's hard to pity the ` plain ' girl who becomes a ravishing waif after applying a smear of lip-gloss .
unjustified fashion
This idea has lost its originality ... and
This idea has lost its originality ... and neither star appears very excited at rehashing what was basically a one-joke picture
This idea has lost its originality
This ill-conceived and expensive project winds up looking like a bunch of talented thesps slumming it .
This ill-fitting Tuxedo
This idea has lost its originality ... and neither star appears very excited at rehashing what was basically a one-joke picture .
This ill-conceived and expensive project
This is a film tailor-made for those who when they were in high school would choose the Cliff-Notes over reading a full-length classic .
Rainy days and movies about the disintegration of families always get me down .
Ram Dass : Fierce Grace does n't organize it with any particular insight
Rambles
Rambles on in a disjointed , substandard fashion from one
becomes lifeless and falls apart like a cheap lawn chair .
putrid pond
buried somewhere inside its fabric , but never clearly seen or
buried somewhere inside its fabric , but never clearly seen or felt
buried somewhere inside its fabric , but never clearly
buried somewhere inside its fabric , but never clearly seen
buried , drowned and
buried , drowned and smothered in the excesses of writer-director Roger Avary
as simplistic as a Hollywood production
as reliably soul-killing as its title is nearly meaningless
as punishment for paying money to see the last James Bond movie
as predictable and
feels as if the movie is more interested in entertaining itself than in amusing us
feels as flat as the scruffy sands of its titular community .
feels as flat as the scruffy sands of its titular community
feels all too familiar
feels as if ( there 's ) a choke leash around your neck so director Nick Cassavetes can give it a good , hard yank whenever he wants you to feel something .
feels as if ( there 's ) a choke leash around your neck so director Nick Cassavetes can give it a good , hard yank whenever he wants you to feel something
it is derivative
but uninvolving
but undernourished and plodding .
but they 're simply not funny performers
of a movie that might have been titled ` the loud and the ludicrous '
The acting is stiff
The acting by the over-25s lacks spark , with Csokas particularly unconnected .
The acting is stiff , the story lacks all trace of wit ,
The acting is stiff , the story lacks all trace of wit
The acting is stiff ,
The acting is stiff , the story lacks all trace of wit , the sets look like they were borrowed from Gilligan 's Island -- and
The acting is stiff , the story lacks all trace of wit , the sets look like they were borrowed from Gilligan 's Island --
putrid
is hardly a masterpiece
of the ones that vex nearly everyone
dirty , tasteless feel
dirty old man
dirty , tasteless
auto-critique
autistic
authentic account of a historical event that 's far too tragic to merit such superficial treatment .
authentic account of a historical event that 's far too tragic to merit such superficial treatment
to a biting satire that has no teeth
turn away from one
entirely humorless
lack of spontaneity in its execution and a dearth of real poignancy
lacks in general focus
knucklehead
knucklehead swill
It 's a stale , overused cocktail using the same olives since 1962 as garnish . Not only is entry number twenty the worst of the Brosnan bunch
It 's a stale , overused cocktail using the same olives since 1962 as garnish . Not only is entry number twenty the worst of the Brosnan bunch , it 's one of the worst of the entire franchise .
It 's a pity that ( Nelson 's ) achievement does n't match his ambition
confused mediocrity
confused in Death to Smoochy
confused when it came time to get to the heart of the movie
who are nearly impossible to care about
The histrionic muse
The histrionic muse still eludes Madonna and , playing a charmless witch
The high-concept scenario soon proves preposterous , the acting is robotically italicized , and truth-in-advertising hounds take note : There 's very little hustling on view
The high-concept scenario soon proves preposterous , the acting is robotically italicized , and truth-in-advertising hounds take note : There 's very little hustling on view .
The holes in this film
The holes in this film remain agape
The histrionic muse still eludes Madonna and , playing a charmless witch , she is merely a charmless witch .
The holes in this film remain agape --
The holes in this film remain agape -- holes punched through by an inconsistent , meandering , and sometimes dry plot
though the character is almost completely deadpan
nasty , glibly cynical
suited to a quiet evening on PBS than a night out at an AMC
been a hoot in a bad-movie way if the laborious pacing and endless exposition had been tightened
rather cold-blooded comedy
rare to see a movie that takes such a speedy swan dive from '' promising '' to '' interesting '' to '' familiar '' before landing squarely on '' stupid ''
its delivery is a complete mess
its decrepit freaks
really dumb
really dumb but
its critical backlash
its crapulence
its curmudgeon does n't quite make the cut of being placed on any list of favorites .
its curmudgeon
hard to imagine that even very small children will be impressed by this tired retread
Black-and-white
Big Fat Waste
Big Fat Waste of Time
Big mistake .
Black-and-white and unrealistic
At times , the suspense is palpable , but by the end there 's a sense that the crux of the mystery hinges on a technicality that strains credulity and leaves the viewer haunted by the waste of potential
At the bottom rung of the series ' entries .
At some point , all this visual trickery stops being clever and devolves into flashy , vaguely silly overkill .
At the bottom rung of the series ' entries
Madonna has made herself over so often now , there 's apparently nothing left to work with , sort of like Michael Jackson 's nose .
turn stupid ? '' Um ... is n't that the basis for the entire plot
narcotizing bland ( sinister , though not nearly so sinister as the biennial Disney girl movie ) machinations
narcotizing bland ( sinister , though not nearly so sinister as the biennial Disney girl movie )
narcotizing bland
been astronomically bad
been discovered , indulged in and rejected as boring before I see this piece of crap again
been edited at all
been gathering dust on MGM 's shelf
been grossly underestimated
been leavened by a charm that 's conspicuously missing from the Girls ' big-screen blowout
who ca n't quite live up to it
this sloppy drama
verging on mumbo-jumbo
verges on the amateurish
for all the writhing and wailing , tears , rage and opium overdoses , there 's no sense of actual passion being washed away in love 's dissolution .
for all the writhing and wailing , tears , rage and opium overdoses , there 's no sense of actual passion being washed away in love 's dissolution
for all the writhing and wailing , tears , rage and opium overdoses , there
for all the writhing and wailing , tears , rage and opium overdoses ,
This cinema verite speculation on the assassination of John F. Kennedy may have been inspired by Blair Witch ,
You 'll cry for your money back .
You 'll find yourself wishing that you and they were in another movie
You 'll just have your head in your hands wondering why Lee 's character did n't just go to a bank manager and save everyone the misery .
Thirty years ago , it would have been groundbreaking .
This 90-minute dud could pass for Mike Tyson 's E !
This New Zealand coming-of-age movie is n't really about anything .
This Sade is hardly a perverse , dangerous libertine and agitator -- which would have made for better drama .
no means a slam-dunk and sure to ultimately disappoint the action fans who will be moved to the edge of their seats by the dynamic first act
Chokes on its own depiction of upper-crust decorum .
Chokes on its own depiction of upper-crust decorum
Chokes on its own depiction
to be dismissed
to be going through the motions , beginning with the pale script
to be had from films crammed with movie references
to be in a contest to see who can out-bad-act the other .
with a shocking lack of irony
rude black comedy
the pathetic idea
a lumbering , wheezy
run for cover
flounders in its quest for Deeper Meaning
sleazy moralizing
from those in the know about rubbo 's dumbed-down tactics
sleaziness
sleazy
sleaze
the past 20 minutes looking at your watch
turn more crassly reductive
's marvelous series into a deadly bore
's made a film that 's barely shocking , barely interesting and most of all , barely anything
's likely to irk viewers
's little to be learned from watching ` Comedian '
and thoroughly misogynistic
sit near the back and squint to avoid noticing some truly egregious lip-non-synching
sit through ,
the thing about guys like evans is this : you 're never quite sure where self-promotion ends and the truth begins . but
in diminishing his stature from Oscar-winning master to lowly studio hack
in cynicism every bit
in denial about
in druggy trance-noir and trumped-up street credibility
the thousands of americans who die hideously
Silberling also , to a certain extent , trivializes the movie with too many nervous gags and pratfalls .
the bastard child of the Beatnik generation
the beaten path , not necessarily for the better
's a rather listless amble down the middle of the road , where the thematic ironies are too obvious and the sexual politics too smug .
's a rather listless amble down the middle of the road , where the thematic ironies are too obvious and the sexual politics too smug
's a rather listless amble down
's a pretty mediocre family film .
's a pretty mediocre family film
's a piece of dreck disguised as comedy .
's a piece of dreck disguised as comedy
's a period romance that suffers from an overly deliberate pace and uneven narrative momentum .
have a hard time sitting through this one
have a long way to go before it reaches the level of crudity in the latest Austin Powers extravaganza
have a hard time believing it was just coincidence
have a hard time
on top of the same old crap
on ugly digital video
once a good idea that was followed by the bad idea to turn it into a movie
worse stunt editing or cheaper action movie production values than in Extreme Ops
his ordeal
misogynist evil
misogynist
miserably
that seems twice as long as its 83 minutes
count to five ( the film 's target market ? )
visual and verbal clichés
could still use some more schooling
could watch this movie and be so skeeved out that they 'd need a shower .
could watch this movie and be so skeeved out that they 'd need a shower
resist his pleas to spare wildlife and
the one hour and thirty-three minutes spent watching this waste of time
the land of unintentional melodrama and tiresome love triangles
the lack of climax and , worst of all
retelling
of logic and misuse of two fine actors , Morgan Freeman and Ashley Judd
of loss and denial and life-at-arm 's - length in the film
that 's surprisingly short of both adventure and song
that 's superficial and unrealized
that 's still too burdened by the actor
that 's something I would rather live in denial about
that 's shapeless and uninflected
that 's too clever for its own good
that 's target audience has n't graduated from junior high school
in his zeal to squeeze the action and our emotions into the all-too-familiar dramatic arc of the Holocaust escape story , Minac drains his movie of all individuality
soon-to-be-forgettable '' section of the quirky rip-off prison
as the characterizations turn more crassly reductive
as telling a country skunk
melodramatic and
melodramatic and predictable
bother to rent this on video
both ugly and mindless
bother watching past the second commercial break
except maybe for the last 15 minutes , which are as maudlin as any after-school special you can imagine
except that it goes on for at least 90 more minutes and , worse , that you have to pay if you want to see it
except : Film overboard
excess , piss on trees , b . s .
, some of the stunts are so outlandish that they border on being cartoonlike .
, special-effects soul assaults the Mummy pictures
the only imaginable reason for the film to be made
that its protagonist , after being an object of intense scrutiny for 104 minutes , remains a complete blank
seems thirsty for reflection , itself taking on adolescent qualities .
seems thirsty for reflection ,
that assumes you are n't very bright
of ' A Nightmare
the only sane rationale
oddly lifeless
're entirely unprepared
're just a couple of cops in Copmovieland , these two
seems to lack substance .
seems to have been written using Mad-libs
seems to have been written using Mad-libs .
seems to have no goal and no urgency
appears to be the definition of a ` bad ' police shooting
appears to be the definition of a ` bad ' police shooting .
Another big , dumb action movie in the vein of XXX
Another big , dumb action movie
Anemic chronicle of money grubbing New Yorkers and their serial
cameos do not automatically equal laughs .
cameos do not automatically equal laughs . And
callow rich boy
callow pretension
came handed down from the movie gods on a silver platter , this is it . If ever such a dependable concept was botched in execution
is more depressing than liberating
staged like `` Rosemary 's Baby , '' but is not as well-conceived as either of those films
staged like `` Rosemary 's Baby , '' but is not as well-conceived as either of those films .
you have the patience for it
as if they were coming back from Stock Character camp -- a drowsy drama infatuated by its own pretentious self-examination
as if everyone making it lost their movie mojo
feels flimsy and ephemeral .
feels flimsy and ephemeral
feels incomplete
feels generic
feels as if it might have been made in the '70s or '80s , and
feels five hours long
feels incomplete , as if the real story starts just around the corner
feels incomplete ,
Nickleby with all the halfhearted zeal of an 8th grade boy delving
purpose is never clear .
purpose is never clear
pure venality
pure Hollywood
pure venality --
the credits roll across the pat ending
as dumb , credulous , unassuming , subordinate subjects
as glum as Mr. De Niro
One well-timed explosion in a movie can be a knockout , but a hundred of them can be numbing . Proof of this is Ballistic : Ecks vs . Sever .
long soap opera
you could fit all of Pootie Tang in between its punchlines
long bore .
long slog
Every so often a movie
Every so often a movie comes along that confirms one 's worse fears about civilization as we know it . The New Guy is one of them .
Every nanosecond of the The New Guy reminds you that you could be doing something else far more pleasurable . Something like scrubbing the toilet . Or emptying rat traps .
Every nanosecond of the The New Guy reminds you that you could be doing something else far more pleasurable . Something like scrubbing the toilet . Or emptying rat traps . Or
Every nanosecond of the The New Guy reminds you that you could be doing something else far more pleasurable . Something like scrubbing the toilet . Or emptying rat traps . Or doing last year 's taxes with your ex-wife
Every nanosecond of the The New Guy reminds you that you could be doing something else far more pleasurable . Something like scrubbing the toilet . Or emptying rat traps . Or doing last year 's taxes with your ex-wife .
Every time you look , Sweet Home Alabama is taking another bummer of a wrong turn .
the seemingly irreconcilable situation
Fans of Plympton 's shorts may marginally enjoy the film , but it is doubtful this listless feature will win him any new viewers .
Family togetherness takes a back seat to inter-family rivalry and workplace ambition & # 133 ; whole subplots have no explanation or even plot relevance .
Family togetherness takes a back seat to inter-family rivalry and workplace ambition & # 133 ; whole subplots have no explanation or even plot relevance
Fans of Plympton 's shorts may marginally enjoy the film , but
like the work of an artist who is simply tired -- of fighting the same fights , of putting the weight of the world on his shoulders , of playing with narrative form .
like the work of an artist who is simply tired -- of fighting the same fights , of putting the weight of the world on his shoulders , of playing with narrative form
like the worst kind of Hollywood heart-string plucking
like this alarming production , adapted from Anne Rice 's novel The Vampire Chronicles
like they 've been patched in from an episode of Miami Vice
like watching a transcript of a therapy session brought to humdrum life by some Freudian puppet
muddy
muddy and blurry
; not the Craven of ' A Nightmare on Elm Street ' or ` The Hills Have Eyes , ' but the sad schlock merchant of ` Deadly Friend
Cuba Gooding Jr. valiantly mugs his way through Snow Dogs , but even his boisterous energy fails to spark this leaden comedy .
Curiously , Super Troopers suffers because it does n't have enough vices to merit its 103-minute length .
Cuba Gooding Jr. valiantly mugs his way through Snow Dogs , but even his boisterous energy fails to spark this leaden comedy
you will have completely forgotten the movie by the time you get back to your car in the parking lot .
's next ? D . J . Qualls as Indiana Jones ? Or Tom Green as Han Solo ?
's needed so badly but what is virtually absent
-- reality shows for God 's sake ! --
's no better film than Half Past Dead .
are as thick as the cigarette smoke
are at least 10 complete misses , many coming from the amazingly lifelike Tara Reid , whose acting skills are comparable to a cardboard cutout .
are at least 10 complete misses , many coming from the amazingly lifelike Tara Reid , whose acting skills are comparable to a cardboard cutout
are as predictable and as lowbrow
lacks a strong narrative
lacks any real raw emotion , which is fatal for a film that relies on personal relationships
lackluster screenplay
lackluster script
lacking in suspense , surprise and consistent emotional conviction
lackluster at best
are beginning to wear a bit thin
lacking any sense of commitment to
lacking any sense of commitment to or
-- stoner midnight flick , sci-fi deconstruction , gay fantasia --
will most likely doze off during this one .
will most likely doze off during this one
will not notice the glaring triteness of the plot device
patronising
patronising reverence
on crummy-looking videotape
on crossing-over mumbo jumbo , manipulative sentimentality , and sappy dialogue
that borders on rough-trade homo-eroticism
that brazenly rips off The Sixth Sense
that both movies expect us to root for convicted violent felons over those assigned to protect us from same
that brings out the worst in otherwise talented actors
This film is too busy hitting all of its assigned marks to take on any life of its own .
This film was made by and for those folks who collect the serial killer cards and are fascinated by the mere suggestion of serial killers . For the rest of us , sitting through Dahmer 's two hours amounts to little more than punishment .
This feature is about as necessary as a hole in the head
This director 's cut -- which adds 51 minutes -- takes a great film and turns it into a mundane soap opera .
, mean-spirited lashing
, low-wattage
its shortcomings
Too bad .
Tom Green as Han Solo ?
plain old blarney
plain bad .
plain silly .
plain silly
play one lewd scene after another
with such fury
Choppy , overlong documentary about ` The Lifestyle . '
so full of wrong choices
so formulaic
so exploitative in its violence
so false you can see the filmmakers ' puppet strings
a heartland so overwhelmed by its lack of purpose that it seeks excitement in manufactured high drama
rather like being trapped while some weird relative trots out the video he took of the family vacation to Stonehenge . Before long , you 're desperate for the evening to end
forced and
force-feed
force-feed James Bond
force the movie off track in its final half hour
force still feels like an ugly knot tightening in your stomach
forbearing
, by the end , no one in the audience or the film seems to really care
, but the execution is lackluster at best .
, but the uninspired scripts , acting and direction never rise above the level of an after-school TV special .
, but why bother if you 're going to subjugate truth to the tear-jerking demands of soap opera
, but through the perverse pleasure of watching Disney scrape the bottom of its own cracker barrel
flails limply between bizarre comedy and pallid horror
is not enough to give the film the substance it so desperately needs
flounders
, and self-absorbed
, aptly enough , a challenge and a punishment .
A distinctly mixed bag , the occasional bursts of sharp writing alternating with lots of sloppiness and the obligatory moments of sentimental ooze .
A distinctly mixed bag , the occasional bursts of sharp writing alternating with lots of sloppiness
A distinctly minor effort that will be seen to better advantage on cable , especially considering its barely feature-length running time of one hour .
A dopey movie
A dopey movie clothed in excess layers of hipness
though clearly well-intentioned , this cross-cultural soap opera is painfully formulaic and stilted .
of deja vu
enough secondary
enough of plucky british eccentrics
the art of ripping people off without ever letting them consciously know you have done so
Though Jackson does n't always succeed in integrating the characters in the foreground into the extraordinarily rich landscape
Though Lan Yu lacks a sense of dramatic urgency
hostages to fortune
has in fact come closer than anyone could desire to the cheap , graceless , hackneyed sci-fi serials of the '30s and '40s .
has infiltrated every corner of society -- and not always for the better
has it beat by a country mile
rambles
rambles aimlessly through ill-conceived action pieces
rambles aimlessly
rambling , repetitive dialogue
rambling , repetitive
rambling , repetitive dialogue and the visual
rambling , repetitive dialogue and
that 's about as subtle as a party political broadcast
is if they were put to sleep by the movie and had a nightmare .
is impossible to care whether that boast is true
is how it winds up affirming the same damn moldy values the material has always held dear .
is idiotic and absurdly sentimental
that shoplifts shamelessly from farewell-to-innocence movies like the wanderers and a bronx tale without cribbing any of their intelligence
that prevents them from firing on all cylinders
that quickly snowballs out of
itself is uninteresting , and the songs are painfully undistinguished : They Might Be Giants '
itself is uninteresting , and the songs are painfully undistinguished : They Might Be Giants
itself is uninteresting , and
itself is uninteresting ,
itself is uninteresting , and the songs are painfully undistinguished :
itself is uninteresting , and the songs are painfully undistinguished
itself and retreats
itself is uninteresting
a mindless action movie
a minimal number
a minimalist Beauty and the Beast
a mishmash
The result is solemn and horrifying , yet strangely detached .
that Hitler 's destiny was shaped by the most random of chances
that Crossroads is nothing more than an hour-and-a-half-long commercial for Britney 's latest album
more alive than its characters
the big loser is the audience
The tonal shifts are jolting , and
any way demeaning its subjects
something of a stiff --
ineptitudes
indulgent and pretentious
inept and
inept and ridiculous
ineffectual
ineffectual Broomfield
( Ferrera )
like it 's wasted yours
like it 's a big , comforting jar of Marmite , to be slathered on crackers and served as a feast of bleakness
Most of the action setups are incoherent .
Most new movies have a bright sheen . Some , like Ballistic , arrive stillborn ...
Most new movies have a bright sheen . Some , like Ballistic , arrive stillborn ... looking like the beaten , well-worn video box cover of seven years into the future .
Morrissette has performed a difficult task indeed - he 's taken one of the world 's most fascinating stories and made it dull , lifeless , and irritating .
Morrissette has performed a difficult task indeed - he 's taken one of the world 's most fascinating stories and made it dull , lifeless , and irritating
Most new movies have a bright sheen . Some , like Ballistic , arrive stillborn
flashy , star-splashed reduction
wishing , though , that the movie spent a lot less time trying to make a credible case for reports from the afterlife and a lot more time on the romantic urgency that 's at the center of the story
Nazi politics and aesthetics
Nazi
So many documentaries like this presuppose religious bigotry or zealous nuttiness of its antagonists
As original and insightful as last week 's episode of Behind the Music .
As predictable as the outcome of a Globetrotters-Generals game
As pedestrian as they come .
As predictable as the outcome of a Globetrotters-Generals game , Juwanna Mann is even more ludicrous than you 'd expect from the guy-in-a-dress genre ,
As predictable as the outcome of a Globetrotters-Generals game , Juwanna Mann is even more ludicrous than you 'd expect from the guy-in-a-dress genre
As predictable as the outcome of a Globetrotters-Generals game , Juwanna Mann is even more ludicrous than you 'd expect from the guy-in-a-dress genre , and a personal low for everyone involved
As predictable as the outcome of a Globetrotters-Generals game , Juwanna Mann is even more ludicrous than you 'd expect from the guy-in-a-dress genre , and
As predictable as the outcome of a Globetrotters-Generals game , Juwanna Mann is even more ludicrous than you 'd expect from the guy-in-a-dress genre , and a personal low for everyone involved .
ultimately offers nothing more than people in an urban jungle needing other people to survive
a cold , bliss-less work
, and an increasingly unsettling sense of foreboding
a clunker as he delivers a long , low-heat chase , interrupted by a middling car chase
a clunker as he delivers a long , low-heat chase
a clunker as he delivers a long , low-heat chase ,
Van Wilder has a built-in audience , but only among those who are drying out from spring break and are still unconcerned about what they ingest .
Vaguely interesting , but it 's just too too much .
Vaguely interesting , but it 's just too too much
skunk
, but wanes in the middle
Fluffy neo-noir hiding behind cutesy film references .
Fluffy neo-noir
Fluffy neo-noir hiding behind cutesy film references
Flashy gadgets and whirling fight sequences may look cool , but they ca n't distract from the flawed support structure holding Equilibrium up
Flashy gadgets and whirling fight sequences may look cool , but they ca n't distract from the flawed support structure holding Equilibrium up .
A zippy 96 minutes of mediocre special effects , hoary dialogue , fluxing accents , and -- worst of all -- silly-looking Morlocks
A zippy 96 minutes of mediocre special effects , hoary dialogue , fluxing accents , and -- worst of all -- silly-looking Morlocks .
like some sort of Martha Stewart decorating program run amok
like sitting in a downtown café , overhearing a bunch of typical late-twenty-somethings natter on about nothing , and desperately wishing you could change tables
like some futile concoction that was developed hastily after Oedekerk
wrong reasons
Hollywood 's hastier productions
otherwise appalling , and downright creepy , subject
the first film in a long time that made me want to bolt the theater in the first 10 minutes
the fires of Chick Flick Hell
De Niro )
De Niro 's right-hand goombah
of other , better movies
otherwise appalling , and
otherwise appalling
the generally sad existence of the Bedouins
the generally sad existence
the teens are none the wiser and Jason still kills on auto-pilot
the theater feeling they 've watched nothing but a pale imitation of the real deal
was obviously made for the `` XXX '' crowd , people who enjoy mindless action without the benefit of decent acting , writing , and direction
It 's difficult to say whether The Tuxedo is more boring or embarrassing --
was n't the subject matter that ultimately defeated the film ... It was the unfulfilling , incongruous , `` wait a second
f \*\*\* ed
face frightening late fees
in frustration
weakest movie
It 's drained of life in an attempt to be sober and educational , and yet it 's so devoid of realism that its lack of whistles and bells just makes it obnoxious and stiff .
a mere excuse for the wan , thinly sketched story
a moldy-oldie , not-nearly - as-nasty - as-it
a morbid one
a moldy-oldie , not-nearly - as-nasty - as-it - thinks-it-is joke
Seagal ran out of movies years ago ,
Seagal ran out of movies years ago
a sticky-sweet soap
with the hail of bullets , none of which ever seem to hit
owes enormous debts
get another phone call warning you that if the video is n't back at Blockbuster before midnight , you 're going to face frightening late fees
a rather sad
notice the 129-minute running time
fearful
fear and frustration are provoked to intolerable levels
fearful view
holds its goodwill close , but is relatively slow to come to the point
without any of its sense of fun or energy
without any of its satirical
without a glimmer of intelligence or invention
going on for too long
going on for too long ,
the further Oprahfication of the world
going on to other films that actually tell a story worth caring about
their girlfriends who drag them to this movie for the Hugh factor
something about how lame it is to try and evade your responsibilities
something 's horribly wrong
to squander Jennifer Love Hewitt
to spread propaganda
on a dog like this when you can rent a pedigree instead
on a daytime television serial
violent and mindless
reassembled from the cutting-room floor of any given daytime soap
good-looking but ultimately pointless
good-looking but ultimately pointless political thriller
is ultimately as threatening as the Snuggle Fabric Softener bear .
is ultimately as threatening as the Snuggle Fabric Softener bear
is ultimately a pointless endeavor
is unconvincing and criminally badly acted
is unable to project either Esther 's initial anomie or her eventual awakening
is ultimately let down by a story that is all too predictable
is undercut by its own head-banging obviousness
is undercut by amateurish execution
is ridiculous
its complete and utter lack
its complete and utter lack of tension
its convolutions
its crass marketing
which leaves any true emotional connection or identification frustratingly out of reach
is not a character in the movie with a shred of plausibility , not an event that is believable , not a confrontation that is not staged , not a moment that is not false
add up to little more than a screenful of gamesmanship that 's low on both suspense and payoff
add up to little more than a screenful of gamesmanship that 's low on both suspense and payoff .
add to the canon of Chan . Make Chan 's action sequences boring
add up to a biting satire that has no teeth .
is not a porno , though it is as tedious as one .
political prisoners , poverty and the boat loads of people who try to escape the country
becomes too heavy for the plot
becomes monotonous .
becomes just another kung-fu sci-fi movie with silly action sequences
becomes gimmicky instead of compelling
becomes everything that the rather clumsy original was railing against
becomes boring
becomes a not-great movie .
to change hackneyed concepts when it comes to dreaming up romantic comedies
wishing for a watch that makes time go faster rather than the other way
wishing I was watching a documentary about the wartime Navajos and what they accomplished instead of all this specious Hollywood hoo-ha
leaves something to be desired .
wishy-washy
that we really have n't had a good cheesy B-movie playing in theaters since ... well ... since last week 's Reign of Fire
Austin Powers in Goldmember is a cinematic car wreck , a catastrophic collision of tastelessness and gall that nevertheless will leave fans clamoring for another ride .
There is very little dread or apprehension ,
There is very little dread or apprehension
There is something in Full Frontal , I guess , about artifice and acting and how it distorts reality for people who make movies and watch them , but like most movie riddles , it works only if you have an interest in the characters you see .
There ought to be a directing license , so that Ed Burns can have his revoked .
There is very little dread or apprehension , and though I like the creepy ideas , they are not executed with anything more than perfunctory skill .
There is very little dread or apprehension , and though I like the creepy ideas , they are not executed with anything more than perfunctory skill
There is very little dread or apprehension , and
There seems to be no clear path as to where the story 's going , or how long it 's going to take to get there .
an outcast , that is no longer accessible
an outline for a role he still needs to grow into
the pesky moods
time , death
( Newton ) wanders through CHARLIE completely unaware she needs to show some presence and star quality .
( Plays ) in broad outline as pandering middle-age buddy-comedy .
, Schaeffer 's film never settles into the light-footed enchantment the material needs , and the characters ' quirks and foibles never jell into charm .
, Showtime eventually folds under its own thinness .
Something must have been lost in the translation .
Something has been lost in the translation ... another routine Hollywood frightfest in which the slack execution italicizes the absurdity of the premise .
Some writer dude , I think his name was , uh , Michael Zaidan , was supposed to have like written the screenplay or something , but , dude , the only thing that I ever saw that was written down were the zeroes on my paycheck .
Somewhere inside the mess that is World Traveler , there is a mediocre movie trying to get out .
Somewhere inside the mess that is World Traveler
Sometimes makes less sense than the Bruckheimeresque American action flicks it emulates .
pile too many '' serious issues
in a random series of collected gags , pranks , pratfalls , dares , injuries , etc
pile too many '' serious issues '' on its plate at times
. Petersburg
Tony Gayton 's script does n't give us anything we have n't seen before
deep to sink this low . Fortunately for all involved
deeply unpleasant experience
deeply unpleasant
twisted
typical
a completely numbing experience
a conflicted soldier
of the arrogant
of the bad reviews
a cruel reminder
the game is even more rigged than it was two centuries ago .
I suggest that the wayward wooden one end it all by stuffing himself into an electric pencil sharpener
I saw worse stunt editing or cheaper action movie production values than in Extreme Ops
character-who-shall - remain-nameless
The story passes time until it 's time for an absurd finale of twisted metal
The superior plotline is n't quite enough to drag along the dead ( water ) weight of the other .
Director Douglas McGrath takes on Nickleby with all the halfhearted zeal of an 8th grade boy delving into required reading .
smiling for the camera than typical documentary footage which hurts the overall impact of the film
the horrible pains of a death
( A ) painfully flat gross-out comedy ...
( A ) poorly executed comedy .
( A ) stale retread of the '53 original
( A ) stale retread of the '53 original .
( A ) boldly stroked , luridly coloured , uni-dimensional nonsense machine that strokes the eyeballs while it evaporates like so much crypt mist in the brain .
( A ) crushing disappointment
( A ) crushing disappointment .
( A ) painfully flat gross-out comedy
. You leave the same way you came -- a few tasty morsels under your belt , but no new friends .
. You try to guess the order in which the kids in the house will be gored .
Watchable up until the point where the situations and the dialogue spin hopelessly out of control -- that is to say , when Carol Kane appears on the screen
Watchable up until the point where the situations and the dialogue spin hopelessly out of control -- that is to say , when Carol Kane appears on the screen .
Watching '' Ending '' is too often like looking over the outdated clothes and plastic knickknacks at your neighbor 's garage sale . You ca n't believe anyone would really buy this stuff .
Watching junk
Watching junk like this
at a bad rock concert
intellect than heart , his story flattens instead of sharpens
I was hoping that it would be sleazy and fun , but it was neither
I was hoping that it would be sleazy and fun , but
I was expecting
I was beginning to hate it
I was sent a copyof this film to review on DVD . For free . I still want my money back
it goes awry in the final 30 minutes
it goes for a plot twist instead of trusting the material
it goes nowhere
it gave me plenty of time to ponder my Thanksgiving to-do list
it gets so preachy-keen and so tub-thumpingly loud it makes you feel like a chump
be a bit repetitive
the performances elicit more of a sense of deja vu than awe
the strange horror
partly a shallow rumination on the emptiness of success
just slapping extreme humor and gross-out gags
just slopped 'em together here
just such a dungpile
just such a dungpile that you 'd swear you
just too bratty for sympathy
makes your teeth hurt
big , brassy
unelected
botched remake
the junk-calorie suspense tropes that have all but ruined his career
the junk-calorie suspense tropes
the jokes are a little lukewarm ,
After a while , the only way for a reasonably intelligent person to get through The Country Bears is to ponder how a whole segment of pop-music history has been allowed to get wet , fuzzy and sticky .
Adults will certainly want to spend their time in the theater thinking up grocery lists and ways to tell their kids how not to act like Pinocchio . As for children , they wo n't enjoy the movie at all .
After an hour and a half of wondering -- sometimes amusedly , sometimes impatiently -- just what this strenuously unconventional movie is supposed to be , you discover that the answer is as conventional as can be .
After an hour and a half of wondering -- sometimes amusedly , sometimes impatiently -- just what this strenuously unconventional movie is supposed to be
because it overstays its natural running time
because I had a serious urge to grab the old lady at the end of my aisle 's walker and toss it at the screen in frustration
became mad that I wasted 123 minutes and $ 9.50 on this 21st century
became mad
The wanton slipperiness
The whole mess boils down to a transparently hypocritical work that feels as though it 's trying to set the women 's liberation movement back 20 years . '
The whole film has this sneaky feel to it -- as if the director is trying to dupe the viewer into taking it all as Very Important simply because the movie is ugly to look at and not a Hollywood product .
will certainly want to spend their time in the theater thinking up grocery lists and ways to tell their kids how not to act like Pinocchio
be required to have ushers in the theater that hand you a cup of coffee every few minutes . Like a marathon runner trying to finish a race , you need a constant influx of liquid just to get through it
be satire , too obviously hateful to be classified otherwise
be really dumb not to see where this is going
be reminded of other , better films , especially Seven , which director William Malone slavishly copies
derive from this choppy and sloppy affair
depend on empathy .
they prove more distressing than suspenseful .
cynical
what 's worse , routine
have completely forgotten the movie by the time you get back to your car in the parking lot
have benefited from a little more dramatic tension and some more editing
have come to learn -- as many times as we have fingers to count on -- Jason is a killer who does n't know the meaning of the word ` quit . '
Tries so hard to be quirky and funny that the strain is all too evident
Screenwriting 101 class
Screenwriters Scott Abbott and Michael Petroni have turned Rice 's complex Akasha into a cartoon monster .
Scotland , Pa . is a strangely drab romp . Some studio pizazz might have helped .
the reefs
is 100 % missing here
should be required to have ushers in the theater that hand you a cup of coffee every few minutes
should be required to have ushers in the theater that hand you a cup of coffee every few minutes .
should be expected from any movie with a `` 2 '' at the end of its title
should be expected from any movie with a `` 2 '' at the end of its title .
should avoid this like the dreaded King Brown snake
should avoid this like the dreaded King Brown snake .
is , regrettably ,
is , regrettably
is , regrettably , going to have tepid films like Dragonfly tossed at them .
is , regrettably , going to have tepid films like Dragonfly tossed at them
you staged with your green plastic army men were more exciting and almost certainly made more sense
presiding over the end of cinema as we know it and
you stripped away its inspirations there
what New Best Friend does not have , beginning with the minor omission of a screenplay
to generate cheap Hollywood tension
hit-or-miss aesthetic
hit you where you live
horrifically
horrid
horrifically vivid snapshot
The Ring '' is pretty much an English-language copy of the film that inspired it ,
a played-out idea -- a straight guy has to dress up in drag -- that shockingly manages to be even worse than its title
a played-out idea -- a straight guy has to dress up in drag --
a plot and jokes done too often by people far more talented than Ali G
a plotline that 's as lumpy as two-day old porridge ... the filmmakers ' paws , sad to say , were all over this '' un-bear-able '' project
The plot has a number of holes , and at times it 's simply baffling .
The plot is plastered with one Hollywood cliche after another , most of which involve precocious kids getting the better of obnoxious adults .
The plot convolutions ultimately add up to nothing more than jerking the audience 's chain .
The plot grinds on with yawn-provoking dullness .
The plot has a number of holes
The plot has a number of holes ,
The plot has a number of holes , and
The plot has a number of holes , and at times it 's simply baffling
it 's movies about college that are written and directed by people who could n't pass an entrance exam .
it 's neither .
it 's more like entertainment for trolls
it 's like watching a miserable relationship unfold in real time
it 's kinda dumb . And second , what 's with all the shooting ?
it 's left a few crucial things out , like character development and coherence
it 's no surprise to see a world-class filmmaker like Zhang Yimou behind the camera for a yarn that 's ultimately rather inconsequential
does n't mean that it 's interesting to anyone else .
does n't mean that it 's interesting to anyone else
does n't help that the director and cinematographer Stephen Kazmierski shoot on grungy video , giving the whole thing a dirty , tasteless feel .
does n't help that the director and cinematographer Stephen Kazmierski shoot on grungy video , giving the whole thing a dirty , tasteless feel
does n't have sufficient heft to justify its two-hour running time .
does n't make up for a weak movie
does n't make the cut
does n't make sense
does n't live up to Barry 's dead-eyed , perfectly chilled delivery
this musty adaptation
this musty adaptation is all the more annoying since it 's been packaged and sold back to us by Hollywood .
this much syrup
this obscenely bad dark comedy ,
this obscenely bad dark comedy , so crass
this obscenely bad dark comedy
trapped at a perpetual frat party ... How can something so gross be so boring ?
feel sad
can no longer pass as mere entertainment .
can no longer pass as mere entertainment
trashy , exploitative , thoroughly unpleasant experience
trashy cop buddy comedy
clunk-on-the-head
clunk-on-the-head that suggests the overtime someone put in to come up with an irritatingly unimaginative retread concept
clumsily manufactured exploitation flick
clumsily plotted
clumsy and rushed
clumsy comedy Stealing Harvard
clumsy plotting
to get in the way
Viewers of Barney 's crushingly self-indulgent spectacle
Viewers of Barney 's crushingly self-indulgent spectacle will see nothing in it to match the ordeal of sitting through it .
Vincent became more and more abhorrent
since Freddy Got Fingered
beyond redemption
content to recycle images and characters that were already tired 10 years ago
content to dog-paddle in the mediocre end of the pool
then fizzles like a wet stick of dynamite at the very end .
has , in his first film , set himself a task he is not nearly up to
has , in his first film , set himself a task he is not nearly up to .
simply unpleasant
are littered with trenchant satirical jabs at the peculiar egocentricities of the acting breed .
are littered with trenchant satirical jabs at the peculiar egocentricities of the acting breed
are lost in the thin soup of canned humor .
are left with a handful of disparate funny moments of no real consequence .
are likely to be as heartily sick of mayhem as Cage 's war-weary marine
self-righteousness
simply putters along looking for astute observations and coming up blank .
self-caricature
disastrous ending
seen this exact same movie a hundred times
simply pretentious
Mostly , Shafer and co-writer Gregory Hinton lack a strong-minded viewpoint , or a sense of humor .
Movies like High Crimes flog the dead horse of surprise as if it were an obligation . How about surprising us by trying something new ?
are no special effects , and no Hollywood endings .
uneven ,
unemotive
to one mind-numbingly lengthy riff on poo and pee jokes
unexceptional
Stealing Harvard , which fails to keep 80 minutes from seeming like 800
Statham employs an accent that I think is supposed to be an attempt at hardass American but sometimes just lapses into unhidden British .
State Property does n't end up being very inspiring or insightful .
Starts promisingly but disintegrates into a dreary , humorless soap opera .
best you can with a stuttering script
-- whatever that might mean
-- re-enactments , archival footage , talking-head interviews --
-- not the least of which is Amy 's self-absorbed personality --
The jokes are flat , and the action looks fake .
The issues are presented in such a lousy way , complete with some of the year 's ( unintentionally ) funniest moments , that it 's impossible to care .
The jokes are flat
The jokes are flat ,
The jokes are flat , and the action looks fake
an already obscure demographic
two hours of underdog sports
trying to pass off as acceptable teen entertainment for some time now
for Kissinger as a calculating war
times positively irritating
director Hoffman , his writer and Kline 's agent should serve detention
of prechewed racial clichés that have already been through the corporate stand-up-comedy mill
to over-romanticize the spiritual desolation of the struggling artiste
take more than a man in a Bullwinkle costume
The slapstick is labored
The skills of a calculus major at M . I . T . are required to balance all the formulaic equations in the long-winded heist comedy Who Is Cletis Tout ?
The slapstick is labored ,
The slapstick is labored , and
so awful
as it thinks it is and its comedy is generally mean-spirited
as it races to the finish line proves simply too discouraging to let slide
as its own most damning censure
as its characters , about whose fate it is hard to care
startlingly unfunny comedy
young science fiction fans will stomp away in disgust .
unfunny and unrecommendable
unfunny comedy
unfunny , but
unfunny , but downright repellent
unfunny ,
unfortunate for the viewer
unfortunately , occurs too infrequently to make the film even a guilty pleasure
unforgivably trite in its last 10 minutes
you yearn for a few airborne TV sets or nude groupies on the nod to liven things up .
shows its indie tatters and self-conscious seams in places ,
so-so entertainment .
so-bad-it
the needlessly poor quality of its archival prints and film footage . The images lack contrast , are murky and are frequently too dark to be decipherable
the needlessly poor quality of its archival prints and film footage . The images lack contrast ,
the needlessly poor quality of its archival prints and film footage . The images lack contrast
the near-fatal mistake of being what the English call ` too clever by half
( I ) f you 've been to more than one indie flick in your life , chances are you 've already seen this kind of thing .
so pat it makes your teeth hurt
kinda wrong
kilt-wearing Jackson
kills every sense of believability
kill the effect
kill Michael Myers for good : stop buying tickets to these movies
their struggle is simply too ludicrous and borderline insulting
Totally overwrought , deeply biased , and wholly designed to make you feel guilty about ignoring what the filmmakers clearly believe are The Greatest Musicians of All Time .
Kathy Baker 's creepy turn
to just call it ABC Kiarostami . For AIDS and Africa are nothing more than part of the scenery .
If this disposable tissue has one wild card
If there 's one thing this world needs less of , it 's movies about college that are written and directed by people who could n't pass an entrance exam .
If this dud had been made in the '70s
If somebody was bored and ... decided to make a dull , pretentious version of Jesus ' Son , they 'd come up with something like Bart Freundlich 's World Traveler .
If there 's one thing this world needs less of
If the movie succeeds in instilling a wary sense of ` there but for the grace of God , ' it is far too self-conscious to draw you deeply into its world .
If this dud had been made in the '70s , it would have been called The Hills Have Antlers and played for about three weeks in drive-ins .
does n't even seem like she tried
does n't deserve the energy it takes to describe how bad it is
does n't cut it
does n't conjure proper respect for followers of the whole dead-undead genre , who deserve more from a vampire pic than a few shrieky special effects
does n't care about cleverness , wit or any other kind of intelligent humor .
does n't even qualify as a spoof of such
does n't deserve the energy it takes to describe how bad it is .
cheesy effects and
the most conservative protagonist
lame
the most dangerous parts of the world
was followed by the bad idea
the most heinous man
comedy only half as clever as it thinks it is
comedy that takes an astonishingly condescending attitude toward women
lacks the inspiration of the original and has a bloated plot that stretches the running time about 10 minutes past a child 's interest and an adult 's patience . but it also has many of the things that made the first one charming
is n't
Too slow for a younger crowd
Too slow for a younger crowd , too shallow for an older one .
Too ordinary
is just too dialed-up
Too silly to take seriously .
Too much of Nemesis has a tired , talky feel .
Too much of Storytelling
Too much of Storytelling moves away from Solondz 's social critique , casting its audience as that of intellectual lector in contemplation of the auteur 's professional injuries .
for the wan , thinly sketched story . Killing time , that 's all that 's going on here
bad ideas
bad idea for a movie
Trivial where it should be profound , and hyper-cliched where it should be sincere .
the viewer expects something special but instead gets ( sci-fi ) rehash .
the viewer is left puzzled by the mechanics of the delivery
the violence is at once luridly graphic and laughably unconvincing
the visual flair and bouncing bravado that characterizes better hip-hop clips and is content to recycle images and characters that were already tired 10 years ago
craziness
in a sick , twisted sort of way
The humor is hinged on the belief that knees in the crotch , elbows in the face and spit in the eye are inherently funny .
The humor is n't as sharp , the effects not as innovative , nor the story as imaginative as in the original .
The humor is n't as sharp , the effects not as innovative , nor the story as imaginative as in the original . But
The humor is n't as sharp , the effects not as innovative , nor the story as imaginative as in the original . But it could have been worse
Defies logic ,
The idea of 49-year-old Roberto Benigni playing the wooden boy Pinocchio is scary enough . The reality of the new live-action Pinocchio he directed , cowrote and starred in borders on the grotesque
might have been readily dismissed as the tiresome rant of an aging filmmaker still thumbing his nose at convention
Ruh-roh ! Romething 's really wrong with this ricture !
feel sanitised and stagey .
feel sanitised and stagey
feel of a bunch of strung-together TV episodes .
feel my eyelids ... getting ... very ... heavy
feel my eyelids ... getting ... very ...
feel my eyelids ... getting ... very
a disservice
a distinctly musty odour ,
a distinctly musty odour , its expiry date long gone
a distinctly musty odour
a disturbing disregard
It 's a bad sign when you 're rooting for the film to hurry up and get to its subjects ' deaths just so the documentary will be over
It 's a bad sign when you 're rooting for the film to hurry up and get to its subjects ' deaths just so the documentary will be over ,
by its lack of purpose
distracts
by its predictable plot and paper-thin supporting characters
by labored writing and slack direction
It 's a bad sign when you 're rooting for the film to hurry up and get to its subjects ' deaths just so the documentary will be over , but
an unbalanced mixture
an unbalanced mixture of graphic combat footage
an unbalanced mixture of graphic combat footage and
It 's a bad sign when you 're rooting for the film to hurry up and get to its subjects ' deaths just so the documentary will be over , but it 's indicative of how uncompelling the movie is unless it happens to cover your particular area of interest
overtly silly dialogue
It 's a bad sign when you 're rooting for the film to hurry up and get to its subjects ' deaths just so the documentary will be over , but it 's indicative of how uncompelling the movie is unless it happens to cover your particular area of interest .
do little to boost Stallone 's career
do little to disguise the fact that the characters barely move
do little to advance the Linux cause
do it , instead of using bad sci-fi as window dressing
do his or her own Hamlet . For Benigni it was n't Shakespeare whom he wanted to define his career with but Pinocchio . It might as well have been Problem Child IV
coming away with your mouth full of rotten pulp and living worms
comic-strip characters
Sandler does n't understand that the idea of exploiting molestation for laughs is funny , not actually exploiting it yourself .
these self-styled athletes have banged their brains into the ground so frequently and
these self-styled athletes have banged their brains into the ground so frequently and furiously , their capacity to explain themselves has gone the same way as their natural instinct for self-preservation
these self-styled athletes have banged their brains into the ground so frequently and furiously , their capacity to explain themselves has gone the same way as their natural instinct for self-preservation .
these self-styled athletes have banged their brains into the ground so frequently
the incessant use
the implications
Sandler is losing his touch
the incessant use of cell phones
trotting out threadbare standbys
cautionary Christian spook-a-rama
yet depressing film
, my mind kept returning to one anecdote for comparison : the cartoon in Japan that gave people seizures .
a loony melodramatic denouement
mawkish self-parody
do a little fleeing of its own
mawkish , implausible platonic romance
It 's the element of condescension , as the filmmakers look down on their working-class subjects from their lofty perch , that finally makes Sex With Strangers , which opens today in the New York metropolitan area , so distasteful .
It 's such a mechanical endeavor ( that ) it never bothers to question why somebody might devote time to see it .
The latest vapid actor 's exercise to appropriate the structure of Arthur Schnitzler 's Reigen .
The kind of movie that leaves vague impressions and a nasty aftertaste but little clear memory of its operational mechanics .
The last three narcissists
The kind of film that leaves you scratching your head in amazement over the fact that so many talented people could participate in such an ill-advised and poorly executed idea .
The kind of movie that leaves vague impressions and a nasty aftertaste but little clear memory of its operational mechanics
The kids in the audience at the preview screening seemed bored , cheering the pratfalls but little else ; their parents , wise folks that they are , read books .
The kind of film that leaves you scratching your head in amazement over the fact that so many talented people could participate in such an ill-advised and poorly
in this checklist of teamwork cliches
that 's plaguing the human spirit in a relentlessly globalizing world
that does n't offer any insight into why , for instance , good things happen to bad people
Enough trivializes
Enough similarities to Gymkata and Howie Long 's Firestorm that my fingernails instinctively crawled towards my long-suffering eyeballs .
Enemy
could have been right at home as a nifty plot line in Steven Soderbergh 's Traffic fails to arrive at any satisfying destination
could have been much better
could have been much stronger
could have expected a little more human being , and a little less product .
that 's just plain awful but still
pee-related sight gags that might even cause Tom Green a grimace ; still ,
pee-related sight gags that might even cause Tom Green a grimace ; still
pentacostal practices in general and theatrical phenomenon of Hell Houses in particular
all mixed up together like a term paper from a kid who ca n't quite distinguish one sci-fi work from another
all manner of lame entertainment
Mr. Soderbergh 's direction and visual style struck me as unusually and unimpressively fussy and pretentious .
His last movie was poetically romantic and full of indelible images , but his latest has nothing going for it .
His last movie was poetically romantic and full of indelible images , but his latest has nothing going for it
little to disguise the fact that the characters barely move
The film is all over the place , really .
The film is a confusing melange of tones and styles , one moment a romantic trifle and the next a turgid drama .
The film is like sitting in a downtown café , overhearing a bunch of typical late-twenty-somethings natter on about nothing , and desperately wishing you could change tables .
The film is grossly contradictory in conveying its social message , if indeed there is one .
suffused
suck
The film is so packed with subplots involving the various Silbersteins that it feels more like the pilot episode of a TV series than a feature film .
suffered
suffered by an entire people
The film is so busy making reference to other films and trying to be other films that it fails to have a heart , mind or humor of its own .
people 's capacity for evil
Simplistic , silly and tedious .
Simply put , there should have been a more compelling excuse to pair Susan Sarandon and Goldie Hawn .
Simplistic , silly and tedious
visual hideousness
A word of advice to the makers of The Singles Ward : Celebrity cameos do not automatically equal laughs .
suspiciously familiar
Laconic and very stilted in its dialogue , this indie flick never found its audience , probably because it 's extremely hard to relate to any of the characters .
Laconic and
, you will have completely forgotten the movie by the time you get back to your car in the parking lot .
, you too may feel time has decided to stand still
upsets the novel 's exquisite balance and
, you are likely to be as heartily sick of mayhem as Cage 's war-weary marine .
, you might soon be looking for a sign . An EXIT sign , that is .
, you may ask , why should you buy the movie milk when the TV cow is free ?
Armenian genocide
that viewers are likely to lose interest before Sandrine
that uses clips from Brian De Palma 's Scarface . That 's a cheat
that turns into a film wreck
that was made in 1978 but not released then because it was so weak , and it has been unearthed and released now , when it has become even weaker
poor quality
poorly
somewhat dilutes the pleasure of watching them
sometimes the dreams of youth should remain just that
sometimes tedious film
sometimes maddeningly slow
Wait for video -- and then do n't rent it
Wait for video -- and then do n't rent it .
Wait to see it then
Wait to see it then .
too many '' serious issues '' on its plate
poorly acted ,
looks as if it were made by a highly gifted 12-year-old instead of a grown man .
a movie that tries to fuse the two ` woods ' but winds up a bolly-holly masala mess
a movie that tries to fuse the two ` woods ' but winds up a bolly-holly masala mess .
a murderous
seeing an American football stadium nuked as pop entertainment
seeing because it 's so bad
see where this dumbed-down concoction is going
seeing the same movie with roughly the same people every year
two recent Dumas botch-jobs
two ships passing in the night rather than any insights into gay love
you hate clowns
drink to excess , piss on trees , b . s .
you can thank me for this . i saw juwanna mann so you do n't have to .
you could nap for an hour and not miss a thing .
you feel that you never want to see another car chase , explosion or gunfight again
without being memorable
withered
without a conclusion or pay off
without a map
in making me groggy
in mind an ( emotionally at least ) adolescent audience demanding regular shocks and bouts of barely defensible sexual violence to keep it interested
in modern alienation
in more abundant supply in this woefully hackneyed movie , directed by Scott Kalvert , about street gangs and turf wars in 1958 Brooklyn -- stale cliches , gratuitous violence , or empty machismo
too cerebral for its own good -- or , at any rate , too cerebral
unbelievably stupid
unaware
trudge out of the theater feeling
could have been made 40 years ago
could have been funnier and more innocent
could have been a more multifaceted look at this interesting time and place
could have been scripted by someone who just graduated from elementary school
their performances could have -- should have -- been allowed to stand on their own
it is impossible to care whether that boast is true
it is far too self-conscious to draw you deeply into its world .
it is dull
it is made up of three episodes of a rejected TV show
it is n't exactly kiddie-friendly
a schlocky creature
a scientific law to be discerned here that producers would be well to heed
`` Interview '' loses its overall sense of mystery and becomes a TV episode rather than a documentary that you actually buy into .
earned my indignant , preemptive departure
assaults on America 's knee-jerk moral sanctimony
like when he 's not giving the same 15-cent stump speech
, irresponsible
exhausting family drama
exhausting to watch
flinging their feces at you
flinging their feces
The movie ultimately relies a bit too heavily on grandstanding , emotional , Rocky-like moments ...
flimsy ending
flick . Upper Teens may get cynical .
shamelessly money-grubbing than most third-rate horror sequels
shamelessly money-grubbing
shame that Stealing Harvard is too busy getting in its own way to be anything but frustrating , boring , and forgettable .
shame that Stealing Harvard is too busy getting in its own way to be anything but frustrating , boring , and forgettable
a film that is only mildly diverting
a finale that is impenetrable and dull
nothing novel
nothing more than an obsolete , if irritating , notion of class
nothing more than a formulaic chase in the dark
nothing going for it
nothing fresh or very exciting
nothing fresh or particularly interesting
short on larger moralistic consequences
nothing scary here except for some awful acting and lame special effects .
nothing provocative about this film
an extended dialogue exercise in Retard 101
an extremely flat lead performance
hopeless
' ... the film 's considered approach to its subject matter is too calm and thoughtful for agitprop , and the thinness of its characterizations makes it a failure as straight drama . '
None of his actors stand out , but
A lackluster , unessential sequel to the classic Disney adaptation of J.M. Barrie 's Peter Pan
A lackluster , unessential sequel to the classic Disney adaptation of J.M. Barrie 's Peter Pan .
A little melodramatic , but with enough
A less-than-thrilling thriller .
distanced us
disquieting
distanced us from the characters
The actors must indeed be good to recite some of this laughable dialogue with a straight face .
The action is stilted and the tabloid energy embalmed
The action is stilted and
The action is stilted
It 's as if Solondz had two ideas for two movies , could n't really figure out how to flesh either out , so he just slopped ` em together here .
a genre -- the gangster\/crime comedy -- that wore out its welcome with audiences several years ago
Hit and miss as far as the comedy goes and
Hit and miss as far as the comedy goes
It 's drab .
bother with a contemptible imitator starring a '' SNL '' has-been acting like an 8-year-old channeling Roberto Benigni ?
as a joint promotion for the National Basketball Association and teenaged rap and adolescent poster-boy Lil ' Bow Wow
as a film in the tradition of The Graduate quickly switches into something more recyclable than significant
as a dystopian movie
as a kind of political Blair Witch , a monstrous murk that haunts us precisely because it can never be seen
a younger lad in Zen and the art of getting laid in this prickly indie comedy of manners and misanthropy
Brainless , but
Brainless ,
Brainless
Brainless , but enjoyably over-the-top , the retro gang melodrama , Deuces Wild represents fifties teen-gang machismo in a way that borders on rough-trade homo-eroticism .
abhorrent
Not the best Herzog
practically every facet of inept filmmaking
you owe Nicolas Cage an apology .
's not an original character , siuation or joke in the entire movie
their personalities undergo radical changes when it suits the script
to the failure of the third Revenge of the Nerds sequel
protagonist
is so ripe the film ca n't help but go soft and stinky .
& - white freeze frames reminiscent of a pseudo-hip luxury car commercial
& - white freeze frames reminiscent of a pseudo-hip luxury car commercial , ( it 's ) at its worst when it 's actually inside the ring
' I know how to suffer ' and if you see this film you 'll know too .
& - white freeze frames reminiscent of a pseudo-hip luxury car commercial ,
& - white freeze frames reminiscent of a pseudo-hip luxury car commercial , ( it 's )
' I once had a nightmare like this ,
its observation of just how much more grueling and time-consuming the illusion of work is than actual work
made to look bad
lacks the charisma and ability
Dignified CEO 's meet at a rustic retreat and pee against a tree .
are comparable to a cardboard cutout
lacks the generous inclusiveness that is the genre 's definitive , if disingenuous , feature
to take an entirely stale concept and push it through the audience 's meat grinder one more time
to surviving invaders seeking an existent anti-virus . If only there were one for this kind of movie
some serious issues
be the dumbest , sketchiest movie on record about an aspiring writer 's coming-of-age
be tempting to regard mr . andrew and his collaborators as oddballs
be impossible to sit through
be a movie that ends up slapping its target audience in the face by shooting itself in the foot
onto what 's left of his passe ' chopsocky glory
onto the screen -- loud , violent and mindless
I could feel my eyelids ... getting ... very ... heavy ...
But it 's too long and too convoluted and it ends in a muddle .
soft-porn
sodden melodrama
sodden melodrama ,
soft and stinky
But it also comes with the laziness and arrogance of a thing that already knows it 's won .
. Sadly , Full Frontal plays like the work of a dilettante .
too busy
too clear
too cliched
sick sense
too bleak , too pessimistic and
too bleak , too pessimistic and too unflinching
for all its surface frenzy , high crimes should be charged with loitering -- so much on view , so little to offer
for all its surface frenzy , high crimes should be charged with loitering -- so much on view , so little to offer .
for all of its insights into the dream world of teen life , and its electronic expression through cyber culture , the film gives no quarter to anyone seeking to pull a cohesive story out of its 2 1\/2 - hour running time
needs more substance to fill the time or some judicious editing
for all of its insights into the dream world of teen life , and its electronic expression through cyber culture , the film gives no quarter to anyone seeking to pull a cohesive story out of its 2 1\/2 - hour running time .
needs mind-bending drugs when they can see this , the final part of the ` qatsi ' trilogy , directed by Godfrey Reggio , with music by Philip Glass ?
needless chase scenes and swordfights as the revenge unfolds
self-interested
for the toilet and scores a direct hit
for the under-7 crowd
the plot is predictable
upper west sidey exercise in narcissism and self-congratulation
upper west sidey exercise in narcissism and self-congratulation disguised as a tribute
upper west sidey exercise in narcissism and self-congratulation disguised as a tribute .
the proficient , dull Sorvino
Patch Adams , for which he should not be forgiven . Why he was given free reign over this project -- he wrote , directed , starred and produced --
the proceedings more bizarre than actually amusing
the producers saw the grosses for Spy Kids
the problem with Wendigo ,
your first instinct is to duck
` nature ' loves the members of the upper class almost as much as they love themselves .
` post-feminist ' romantic comedy that takes an astonishingly condescending attitude toward women
` science fiction ' takes advantage of the fact that its intended audience has n't yet had much science
bodily function jokes
feel emotionally cheated
setting fire to yourself in the parking lot
it veered off too far into the exxon zone , and left me behind at the station looking for a return ticket to realism
it wo n't be long before you 'll spy i spy at a video store near you
even while his characters are acting horribly
give many ministers and Bible-study groups hours of material to discuss
haywire
he 's a dangerous , secretly unhinged guy who could easily have killed a president because it made him feel powerful .
egocentricities
gave people seizures
gay and lesbian children
Pretend like your SAT scores are below 120 and
of irreparable damage
thinking of 51 ways to leave this loser
thinking man CIA agent Jack Ryan in this summer 's new action film , '' The Sum of All Fears
thinking not only that Kate is n't very bright , but that she has n't been worth caring about and that maybe she , Janine and Molly -- an all-woman dysfunctional family -- deserve one another
This 90-minute dud
This 90-minute dud could pass for Mike Tyson 's E ! True Hollywood Story .
part of an insider clique , which tends to breed formulaic films rather than fresh ones
This Sade is hardly a perverse , dangerous libertine and agitator -- which would have made for better drama . He 's just a sad aristocrat in tattered finery
All the more disquieting for its relatively gore-free allusions to the serial murders , but it falls down in its attempts to humanize its subject .
posing , rather than acting
poses is not ` Who ? ' but ` Why ? '
, poetic , earnest and -- sadly -- dull
, plodding picture
All the more disquieting for its relatively gore-free allusions to the serial murders
, pointless , stupid
too sappy for its own good .
, pointless meditation on losers in a gone-to-seed hotel .
the corniest
Swamp Thing-type animation
Sustains its dreamlike glide through a succession of cheesy coincidences and voluptuous cheap effects
Sustains its dreamlike glide through a succession of cheesy coincidences and voluptuous cheap effects , not the least of which is Rebecca Romijn-Stamos .
than like a bottom-feeder sequel in the escape from new york series
than another platter of reheated aliens
you , like me , think an action film disguised as a war tribute is disgusting to begin with
spliced together bits and pieces of Midnight Run and 48 Hours ( and , for that matter , Shrek )
split up so that it can do even more damage
writer-director Attal thought he need only cast himself
may find it migraine-inducing , despite Moore 's attempts at whimsy and spoon feeding
may find it migraine-inducing , despite Moore 's attempts at whimsy and spoon feeding .
may find themselves wishing they could roll over and take a nap
may find themselves wishing they could roll over and take a nap .
cheesiest
cheesier to cheesiest
cheesier
cheese-laced spectacles
it wrote itself as a newly automated Final Draft computer program
its absurdity
than the Bruckheimeresque American action flicks it emulates
than silly fluff . Nor is it
consciously dumbed-down approach
Poor editing , bad bluescreen ,
its star , Jean Reno , who resembles Sly Stallone in a hot sake half-sleep
`` Freaky Friday , '' it 's not .
as pretty dull and wooden
as predictable as the tides
as pathetic as The Animal
as particularly memorable or even all that funny
as other rowdy raunch-fests -- farts , boobs , unmentionables --
such aching
it is by no means his best work
sure mainstream audiences will be baffled
it lacks grandeur
with imbecilic Mafia
Like being able to hit on a 15-year old when you 're over 100
Like a soft drink that 's been sitting open too long : it 's too much syrup and not enough fizz .
Like many Western action films , this thriller is too loud and thoroughly overbearing
Like many Western action films , this thriller is too loud and thoroughly overbearing ,
near-xenophobic
a moratorium , effective immediately ,
a moratorium
undercut by the brutality of the jokes , most at women 's expense
completely empty
completely empty entertainment
completely forgettable
beaten
complaints I might have
beat each other to a pulp
complete lack
complete moron
as much resemblance to the experiences of most battered women as Spider-Man
bores
as mushy as peas
as my friend David Cross would call it , ` Hungry-Man portions of bad '
Message movie or an action-packed submarine spectacular ? Alas , it 's neither .
Meyjes 's movie , like Max Rothman 's future , does not work .
It appears as if even the filmmakers did n't know what kind of movie they were making .
It appears to have been made by people to whom the idea of narrative logic or cohesion is an entirely foreign concept .
It all unfolds predictably , and the adventures that happen along the way seem repetitive and designed to fill time , providing no real sense of suspense
It all unfolds predictably , and the adventures that happen along the way seem repetitive and designed to fill time , providing no real sense of suspense .
It almost feels as if the movie is more interested in entertaining itself than in amusing us .
It all seemed wasted like DeNiro 's once promising career and the once grand Long Beach boardwalk .
It all starts to smack of a Hallmark Hall of Fame , with a few four letter words thrown in that are generally not heard on television .
It all unfolds predictably
It all unfolds predictably ,
, but is relatively slow to come to the point .
Birot is a competent enough filmmaker , but her story has nothing fresh or very exciting about it
Birot is a competent enough filmmaker , but her story has nothing fresh or very exciting about it .
Birot 's directorial debut ( she co-wrote the script with Christophe Honoré ) is n't so much bad as it is bland .
will retch it up like rancid crème brûlée
Becomes a bit of a mishmash
Because the intelligence level of the characters must be low , very low , very very low , for the masquerade to work , the movie contains no wit , only labored gags .
Bears wastes an exceptionally good idea . But the movie that does n't really deliver for country music fans or for family audiences
Because the intelligence level of the characters must be low , very low , very very low , for the masquerade to work
will retch it up like rancid crème brûlée .
` Some Body ' will appeal to No One
` It 's painful to watch Witherspoon 's talents wasting away inside unnecessary films like Legally Blonde and Sweet Home Abomination , I mean , Alabama . '
` God help us , but Capra and Cooper are rolling over in their graves . '
, I guess a space station in the year 2455 can be crossed off the list of ideas for the inevitable future sequels ( hey , do n't shoot the messenger ) .
, I do n't know why Steven Seagal is considered a star , nor why he keeps being cast in action films when none of them are ever any good or make any money .
` Some Body ' will appeal to No One .
` Swimfan ' left me with a very bad feeling .
, they 'll probably run out screaming .
, they 're merely signposts marking the slow , lingering death of imagination .
, there are side stories aplenty -- none of them memorable .
, there is a mediocre movie trying to get out .
, there would be a toss-up between presiding over the end of cinema as we know it and another night of delightful hand shadows .
, there is n't much to it .
warped
warped logic
cumbersome
curiously depressing
though thin writing proves its undoing
unfortunately , it runs for 170
tends to pile too many '' serious issues '' on its plate at times
lame romantic comedy
lame story
's not silly fun unless you enjoy really bad movies
's not silly fun unless you enjoy really bad movies .
's not scary , not smart and not engaging
's not silly fun
's not nearly as good as any of its influences .
's not original
An overemphatic , would-be wacky
is cruel
is creepy
is creepy in a Michael Jackson sort of way
is cumbersome
is cruel , misanthropic stuff with only weak claims to surrealism and black comedy
is cruel , misanthropic stuff with only weak claims to surrealism and black comedy .
is dark , brooding and slow
is dark , brooding and slow ,
to many clichés
to meet them halfway and connect the dots instead of having things all spelled out
the actor 's
's enough to make you wish Jacquot had left well enough alone and just filmed the opera without all these distortions of perspective .
's enough to make you wish Jacquot had left well enough alone and just filmed the opera without all these distortions of perspective
Murderous
the paranoid claustrophobia
the filmmakers were worried
brought down by lousy direction .
the service of a limpid and conventional historical fiction
between the badly dated cutesy-pie mystery scenario and the newfangled Hollywood post-production effects
The Paradiso 's rusted-out ruin and ultimate collapse
The Paradiso 's rusted-out ruin and ultimate collapse during the film 's final ( restored ) third ... emotionally belittle a cinema classic . Sometimes shorter
fu
a visually seductive , unrepentantly trashy
pretty bad
inexpressible and
unrepentantly
unrelentingly claustrophobic and unpleasant
the wounds of the tortured and self-conscious material
infantile cross-dressing routines
predicament
precious little substance
precious little substance in Birthday Girl
is unsettling , from the preposterous hairpiece worn by lai 's villainous father to the endless action sequences
a certain sense of experimentation and improvisation to this film that may not always work
is tragically
is unsettling
is unrelentingly claustrophobic and unpleasant
is undone by a filmmaking methodology that 's just experimental enough to alienate the mainstream audience while ringing cliched to hardened indie-heads
of utter loss personified in the film 's simple title
of uncoordinated vectors
felt trapped and with no obvious escape for the entire 100 minutes
felt trapped and with no obvious escape
of unintentional melodrama and tiresome love triangles
sloppily written
slopped ` em together here
slopped ` em together
slopped `
slip into hokum
begins with promise , but runs aground after being snared in its own tangled plot .
begins with promise , but runs aground after being snared in its own tangled plot
begins with promise , but runs
of vignettes which only prove that ` zany ' does n't necessarily mean ` funny
face an uphill battle
hard to like a film so cold and dead
a monument to bad in all its florid variety
a monotonous
a monotonous whine
on ugly ideas instead of ugly behavior
greased with every emotional device known to man
pretentious endeavor
is as reliably soul-killing as its title is nearly meaningless
is as reliably soul-killing as its title is nearly meaningless .
is as far as you can get from racy ,
is as far as you can get from racy , to the point where it almost stops the blood flow to your brain
is as computer processed and overproduced as it was in her music .
will never hold a candle to the original
will most likely not find what they 're seeking with Trouble Every Day
is that the movie has no idea of it is serious or not
is that the filmmakers and studio are brazen enough to attempt to pass this stinker off as a scary movie
is that the faith of the Tonga people is in every way inferior to that of John .
is that rather than dramatizing this premise , Mr . Desplechin is content to state it .
is that rather than dramatizing this premise , Mr . Desplechin is content to state it
is that knot from dramatic tension or a symptom of artistic malnutrition ?
is that it jams too many prefabricated story elements into the running time .
An ill-conceived
An incoherent jumble of a film that 's rarely as entertaining as it could have been
An ill-conceived jumble that 's not scary , not smart and not engaging .
An incoherent jumble
Stealing Harvard is evidence that the Farrelly Bros . -- Peter and Bobby -- and their brand of screen comedy are wheezing to an end , along with Green 's half-hearted movie career .
Stay home
Stealing Harvard aspires to comedic grand larceny but stands convicted of nothing more than petty theft of your time .
Static , repetitive , muddy and blurry , Hey Arnold !
Static , repetitive , muddy and blurry , Hey Arnold ! would seem to have a lock on the title of ugliest movie of the year .
Static , repetitive , muddy and blurry
Static
however , Kilmer seems to be posing , rather than acting . And that leaves a hole in the center of The Salton Sea .
however , Dogtown and Z-Boys lapses into an insider 's lingo and mindset that the uninitiated may find hard to follow , or care about .
how well the schmaltz is manufactured -- to assess the quality of the manipulative engineering . Average , at best , I 'm afraid
how to suffer ' and if you see this film you 'll know too
how to suffer '
the poignancy of a Hallmark card and all the comedy of a Gallagher stand-up act
the point of evaporation
the point of nausea
's a taunt - a call for justice for two crimes from which many of us have not yet recovered
's a tour de force , written and directed so quietly that it 's implosion rather than explosion you fear
Repulsion
make a documentary about these marginal historical figures ? Would n't one about their famous dad , author of Death in Venice , etc . , be more valuable
a movie , which normally is expected to have characters and a storyline
make a lifeless movie about the most heinous man who ever lived
make a lifeless movie
a movie filled with unlikable , spiteful idiots
The young stars are too cute ; the story and ensuing complications are too manipulative ; the message is too blatant ; the resolutions are too convenient .
The young stars are too cute ; the story and ensuing complications are too manipulative ; the message is too blatant ; the resolutions are too convenient
so much tongue-in-cheek weirdness
Hollywood horror
Hollywood confection
Hollywood expects people to pay to see it
without chills
EXIT
ENOUGH
, viewers may find themselves wishing they could roll over and take a nap .
fans of Sandler 's comic taste may find it uninteresting
Madonna 's
've seen before
've seen ( Eddie ) Murphy do the genial-rogue shtick to death , but because the plot is equally hackneyed
national lampoon 's van wilder could be the worst thing to come out of national lampoon since class reunion
nasty aftertaste but
his difficult , endless work
-- a little too much dancing , a few too many weeping scenes --
may be a mess in a lot of ways .
may as well be called `` Jar-Jar Binks : The Movie . ''
may as well be called `` Jar-Jar Binks : The Movie .
Formula 51 promises a new kind of high but delivers the same old bad trip .
to wonder how on earth anyone , anywhere could have thought they 'd make audiences guffaw with a script as utterly diabolical as this
devolves
devoid of wit
devoid of realism
to worry about it causing significant harm and not smelly enough to bother despising
The film can depress you about life itself .
obnoxious 88-minute
obtuse and
Even as I valiantly struggled to remain interested , or at least conscious , I could feel my eyelids ... getting ... very ... heavy ...
Even as I valiantly struggled to remain interested , or at least conscious
Even accepting this in the right frame of mind can only provide it with so much leniency .
Even by the intentionally low standards of frat-boy humor , Sorority Boys is a bowser .
Even by the intentionally low standards of frat-boy humor
Even fans of Ismail Merchant 's work , I suspect , would have a hard time sitting through this one .
( T ) he ideas of Revolution # 9 are more compelling than the execution
( T ) he script is n't up to the level of the direction
( T ) he script is n't up to the level of the direction , nor are the uneven performances by the cast members , who seem bound and determined to duplicate Bela Lugosi 's now-cliched vampire accent .
( T ) his slop
( T ) his slop does n't even have potential as a cult film , as it 's too loud to shout insults at the screen .
( The film 's ) taste for '' shock humor '' will wear thin on all
The characters seem one-dimensional , and
The characters seem one-dimensional ,
The characters seem one-dimensional
dullest Irish pub scenes
dull girl
The characters are so generic and the plot so bland that even as rogue CIA assassins working for Chris Cooper 's agency boss close in on the resourceful amnesiac , we do n't feel much for Damon\/Bourne or his predicament
dumb , narratively chaotic ,
bringing audiences into this hard and bitter place
cliché-riddled genre
cliché-riddled
of dimwitted comedy and even dimmer characters
well to cram earplugs
If you are curious to see the darker side of what 's going on with young TV actors ( Dawson Leery did what ?!? ) , or see some interesting storytelling devices , you might want to check it out , but there 's nothing very attractive about this movie .
gross romanticization
gross romanticization of the delusional personality type
gross-out college comedy
gross-out flicks , college flicks , or
gross-out flicks , college flicks , or even flicks in general
which hurts the overall impact of the film
which is mostly a bore
If this is cinema
If they broke out into elaborate choreography , singing and finger snapping it might have held my attention , but as it stands I kept looking for the last exit from Brooklyn .
If there was ever a movie where the upbeat ending feels like a copout , this is the one .
If this is cinema , I pledge allegiance to Cagney and Lacey .
If you 're not fans of the adventues of Steve and Terri , you should avoid this like the dreaded King Brown snake . Personally
is horrible
some of the major issues
manages to embody the worst excesses of nouvelle vague without any of its sense of fun or energy
no disguising this as one of the worst films of the summer . Or for the year , for that matter
time fillers between surf shots
no content
no clue about making a movie
no discernible feeling beneath the chest hair
no discernible feeling
this equally brutal outing merely sustains it .
this dumbed-down concoction
this dumb
this dud had been made in the '70s
this equally brutal outing
is all too predictable and far too cliched
is all awkward , static , and lifeless rumblings
is actually dying a slow death , if the poor quality of Pokemon 4 Ever is any indication .
with plot holes big enough for its titular hero to drive his sleek black BMW through
to remember , in order to avoid them in the future
to remind us of how very bad a motion picture can truly be
to regain his life , his dignity and his music
more elves and snow and
the fuzzy sentimentality of the movie itself , which feels
the general sense that no two people working on the production
counter the crudity
By the standards of knucklehead swill
By no means a slam-dunk and sure to ultimately disappoint the action fans who will be moved to the edge of their seats by the dynamic first act , it still comes off as a touching , transcendent love story .
strongly reminiscent
struggled to remain interested , or at least conscious
struggling to balance conflicting cultural messages
tackles more than she can handle
tackles more than she can handle .
to have been written using Mad-libs
tacks on three or four more endings
the clumsy comedy Stealing Harvard
undone
from the screenplay , but rather the mediocre performances
from the incongruous but chemically
the same problems
imponderably stilted and
imponderably stilted
imponderably stilted and self-consciously arty movie
imponderably stilted and self-consciously arty
impossible spot
impossibly contrived situations
it from the bland songs to the colorful but flat drawings
it goes on for at least 90 more minutes and , worse , that you have to pay if you want to see it
can actually trick you into thinking some of this worn-out , pandering palaver is actually funny
it has an ambition to say something about its subjects , but not a willingness
describing badness
describe exactly how bad it is
Wes Craven 's presence is felt ; not the Craven of ' A Nightmare on Elm Street ' or ` The Hills Have Eyes , ' but the sad schlock merchant of ` Deadly Friend . '
Were Dylan Thomas alive to witness first-time director Ethan Hawke 's strained Chelsea Walls , he might have been tempted to change his landmark poem to , ` Do Not Go Gentle Into That Good Theatre . '
has much to recommend it , even if the top-billed Willis is not the most impressive player . As a story of dramatic enlightenment , the screenplay by Billy Ray and Terry George leaves something to be desired
has n't developed characters so much as caricatures , one-dimensional buffoons that get him a few laughs but nothing else
amid leaden pacing and indifferent craftsmanship ( most notably wretched sound design )
amid clanging film references that make Jay and Silent Bob 's Excellent Adventure seem understated
amounts to surprisingly little
with plenty of action and almost no substance
is a lot more fun than the film
is a hodgepodge of inconsistencies that pose the question
is a grim , hollow exercise in flat scares and bad acting .
is a lie
is a lumbering load of hokum but
the first two films ' loose-jointed structure
the flat dialogue
Steven Soderbergh 's space opera emerges as a numbingly dull experience .
In truth , it has all the heart of a porno flick ( but none of the sheer lust )
even in those moments where it 's supposed to feel funny and light
even if it were n't silly , it would still be beyond comprehension
even if the movie itself does n't stand a ghost of a chance
are times when A Rumor of Angels plays like an extended episode of Touched by an Angel -- a little too much dancing , a few too many weeping scenes --
a movie that is n't really good enough to be in theaters
a movie that has no interest in itself
a movie that might have been titled ` The Loud and the Ludicrous '
The movie is as far as you can get from racy , to the point where it almost stops the blood flow to your brain ; it has a dull , costumey feel .
The movie is too cute to take itself too seriously ,
The movie is a lumbering load of hokum but ... it 's at least watchable .
The movie is as far as you can get from racy , to the point where it almost stops the blood flow to your brain
The movie is as far as you can get from racy , to the point where it almost stops the blood flow to your brain ;
The movie is too cute to take itself too seriously , but it still feels like it was made by some very stoned college students
Suffers from a flat script and a low budget .
Suffers from unlikable characters and a self-conscious sense
Suffers from unlikable characters and a self-conscious sense of its own quirky hipness
Suffers from unlikable characters and a self-conscious sense of its own quirky hipness .
Suffers from a decided lack
Suffers from a decided lack of creative storytelling
Suffers from a flat script and a low budget
annoying rather than charming
annoying orgy
annoyed
annoying , heavy-handed
annoyed me most about God is Great
'' What John does is heroic , but we do n't condone it , '' one of the film 's stars recently said , a tortuous comment that perfectly illustrates the picture 's moral schizophrenia .
another fish-out-of-water story that barely stays afloat .
does n't take a rocket scientist to figure out that this is a Mormon family movie , and a sappy , preachy one at that .
does n't tell you anything except that the Chelsea Hotel today is populated by whiny , pathetic , starving and untalented artistes
sub
does n't stand a ghost of a chance
does n't sustain interest beyond the first half-hour
does n't sustain interest beyond the first half-hour .
does n't take a rocket scientist to figure out that this is a Mormon family movie , and a sappy , preachy one at that
does n't so much phone in his performance as fax it . No , even that 's too committed . He gets his secretary to fax it
does n't so much phone in his performance as fax it . No , even that 's too committed . He gets his secretary to fax it .
does n't so much phone in his performance as fax it . No , even that 's too committed . He gets his secretary to fax it . ''
a movie as a picture book for the big screen . This is n't my favorite in the series , still
feel contradictory things
feel cheated by the high infidelity of Unfaithful
bratty for sympathy
bratty for
bratty
your disgust
your disgust and your indifference
your face for two hours
your favorite pet get buried alive
coming down off of Miramax 's deep shelves after a couple of aborted attempts ,
comin ' at ya -- as if fearing that his film is molto superficiale
in a hot sake half-sleep
At a time when commercialism has squeezed the life out of whatever idealism American moviemaking ever had
At 90 minutes this movie is short , but it feels much longer .
At 90 minutes this movie is short , but it feels much longer
At 90 minutes this movie is short
Astonishing is n't the word -- neither is incompetent , incoherent or just plain crap . Indeed , none of these words really gets at the very special type of badness that is Deuces Wild .
to Cranky . We do n't get paid enough to sit through crap like this
the truth of the matter is I was glad when it was over
the true creativity would have been to hide Treasure Planet entirely and completely reimagine it .
torturing each other psychologically
torturing each other psychologically and
torturing each other psychologically and talking about their genitals in public
tortured , dull
tortured , dull artist
tortured husband
torturing
very little sense to what 's going on here
writhing under dialogue like ` you 're from two different worlds ' and ` tonight the maid is a lie and this ,
shaky as the plot is
the film is a contrivance , as artificial as the video games japanese teens play in a nightclub sequence
the film does n't really care about the thousands of americans who die hideously , it cares about how ryan meets his future wife and makes his start at the cia .
Nicks and Steinberg match their own creations for pure venality -- that 's giving it the old college try .
that the farrelly bros . -- peter and bobby -- and their brand of screen comedy are wheezing to an end , along with green 's half-hearted movie career
too slowly paced to be a thriller . ( But it 's ) worth recommending because of two marvelous performances by Michael Caine and Brendan Fraser
unfortunately R-rated )
into corny sentimentality
want to hate it
was surprised at how quickly it faded from my memory
wrench my eyes out of my head
it is only mildly amusing when it could have been so much more .
it is never melodic \/
it is n't much fun .
it is entertaining on an inferior level .
it is exactly what it wants to be : an atrociously , mind-numbingly , indescribably bad movie
filled with scams within scams within scams .
cinema history as the only movie ever in which the rest of the cast was outshined by LL Cool J.
Director Tom Shadyac and star Kevin Costner glumly mishandle the story 's promising premise of a physician who needs to heal himself .
that it makes your least favorite James Bond movie seem as cleverly plotted as The Usual Suspects
the kind of movie that leaves vague impressions and a nasty aftertaste but little clear memory of its operational mechanics
yikes
yikes ,
yet it 's so devoid of realism that its lack of whistles and bells just makes it obnoxious and stiff
the kind of motion picture that wo n't make much of a splash when it 's released , and will not be remembered long afterwards
yet there is something about it that feels incomplete , as if the real story starts just around the corner
hopeless , unsatisfying muddle
hopes Mr . Plympton will find room for one more member of his little band , a professional screenwriter
hopelessly out
slash-fest
slap her
slap
feels like an ugly knot tightening in your stomach .
feels less the product of loving , well integrated homage and more like a mere excuse for the wan , thinly sketched story .
feels like a prison stretch .
feels less the product of loving , well integrated homage and more like a mere excuse for the wan , thinly sketched story
two hours feel like four
two guys yelling in your face for two hours
two guys who desperately want to be Quentin Tarantino when they grow up
truly odd , at times confusing ,
try hard but
try hard but come off too amateurish and awkward
the joke wears thin
try hard
looking down at your watch and realizing Serving Sara is n't even halfway through
looking down at your watch and
would probably work better as a real documentary without the insinuation of mediocre acting or a fairly trite narrative
tough sit
toward the end , less like a movie
who manages to blast even the smallest sensitivities from the romance with his clamorous approach
If Hill is n't quite his generation 's Don Siegel ( or Robert Aldrich ) , it 's because there 's no discernible feeling beneath the chest hair ; it 's all bluster and cliché
If Hill is n't quite his generation 's Don Siegel ( or Robert Aldrich ) , it 's because there 's no discernible feeling beneath the chest hair ; it 's all bluster and cliché .
If Hill is n't quite his generation 's Don Siegel ( or Robert Aldrich ) , it 's because there 's no discernible feeling beneath the chest hair
If Hill is n't quite his generation 's Don Siegel ( or Robert Aldrich ) , it 's because there 's no discernible feeling beneath the chest hair ;
If Festival in Cannes nails hard - boiled Hollywood argot with a bracingly nasty accuracy , much about the film , including some of its casting , is frustratingly unconvincing .
If Disney 's Cinderella proved that ' a dream is a wish your heart makes , ' then Cinderella II proves that a nightmare is a wish a studio 's wallet makes .
If I could have looked into my future and saw how bad this movie was , I would go back and choose to skip it . Fortunately
If I could have looked into my future and saw how bad this movie was , I would go back and choose to skip it . Fortunately , you still have that option .
is as padded as Allen 's jelly belly .
is as predictable
is as deep as a Petri dish and as well-characterized as a telephone book but still say it was a guilty pleasure
is as deep as a Petri dish and as well-characterized as a telephone book but still
is as deep as a Petri dish and as well-characterized
is in many ways a conventional , even predictable remake
they fall short of being interesting or entertaining
they instead pummel the audience
they drain all the film of its energy
they deem it necessary to document all this emotional misery
they do n't fit well together
they could achieve an air of frantic spontaneity by simply tossing in lots of characters doing silly stuff and stirring the pot
they could roll over and take a nap
they are wincing back in repugnance
amnesiac
among a culture of people who sadly are at hostile odds with one another through recklessness and retaliation
among the most pitiful directing
the kind of movie you ca n't quite recommend because it is all windup and not much of a pitch
White has n't developed characters so much as caricatures , one-dimensional buffoons that get him a few laughs but nothing else .
dizzy
diverting grim message
To build a feel-good fantasy around a vain dictator-madman is off-putting , to say the least , not to mention inappropriate and wildly undeserved .
more evil than ever
more forced than usual
more frustrating
more hackneyed
to those without much interest in the elizabethans ( as well as rank frustration from those in the know about rubbo 's dumbed-down tactics )
timeout
to the vast majority of more casual filmgoers , it will probably be a talky bore .
in from an episode of miami vice
utterly ridiculous
utterly ridiculous shaggy dog story
utterly static
violence and whimsy do n't combine easily
utterly distracting
from David 's point of view
frittered away in middle-of-the-road blandness
frittered
Too bland and fustily tasteful to be truly prurient .
Tony Hawk skating video interspliced with footage from Behind Enemy Lines and set to Jersey
Too bland and
Too bad the former Murphy Brown does n't pop Reese back
encounters a substantial arc of change that does n't produce any real transformation
encourages rueful laughter at stereotypes only an Indian-American would recognize
it 's far from being this generation 's Animal House .
it 's exhausting to watch
it 's difficult to shrug off the annoyance of that chatty fish
from which no interesting concept can escape
frustrating patchwork
from unlikable characters and a self-conscious sense
fuddled
fuddled about motives and context , which drains it of the dramatic substance that would shake us in our boots ( or cinema seats )
frustratingly unconvincing
frustration from those
fuddy-duddy
fulfilling a gross-out quota for an anticipated audience demographic
a long time to reach its destination
will be disappointed
will be able to recognize that this story is too goofy ... even for Disney .
a long and clunky ending ... which forces the audience to fidget through ten pseudo-serious minutes while waiting for the ending credits and the deleted scenes montage to break the audience 's awkward silence
self-important summer fluff
a long soap opera in which only the first episode was any good
self-control to guide a loose , poorly structured film through the pitfalls of incoherence and redundancy
Master of Disguise runs for only 71 minutes and feels like three hours .
Mattei so completely loses himself to the film 's circular structure to ever offer any insightful discourse on , well , Love in the Time of Money .
watch on video at home
alientation
alienation , separation and loss
atheistic
montage to break the audience 's awkward silence
monstrously
That 's not vintage Spielberg
Terminally brain dead production .
bogging down
bogging down in a barrage of hype
bogged down over 140 minutes
bogs down in a surfeit of characters and unnecessary
bogs down in insignificance
bogs down in a surfeit of characters
bogs down in a surfeit of characters and
bogs down in insignificance ,
bogs down in insignificance , saying nothing about Kennedy 's assassination and revealing nothing about the pathology it pretends to investigate
The Fugitive , Blade Runner , and Total Recall , only without much energy or tension
The Four Feathers comes up short
The Full Monty was a freshman fluke
there 's also a lot of redundancy and unsuccessful crudeness accompanying it
there 's always these rehashes to feed to the younger generations
there 's no plot in this Antonio Banderas-Lucy Liu faceoff . It 's still terrible
there 's not enough intelligence , wit or innovation on the screen to attract and sustain an older crowd .
there 's little to be learned from watching ` Comedian '
there 's not enough substance in the story to actually give them life
there 's nothing else happening
the performances as wooden
the West African coast struggling against foreign influences
shortcomings
needs better material
should be charged with loitering -- so much on view , so little to offer
New ways of describing badness need to be invented to describe exactly how bad it is .
Nicholas Nickleby is too much like a fragment of an underdone potato .
, Roberto Benigni 's Pinocchio is an astonishingly bad film .
virtually joyless
contrived , unmotivated , and psychologically unpersuasive
contrived and artificial
contrived plotting , stereotyped characters
contrived plotting , stereotyped characters and
the point where it almost stops the blood flow to your brain
spends the entirety of the film in a coma
a lot of running around , screaming and death
pretension , in its own way ,
pretension , in its own way
the poor woman
into a timeframe that mandates that you avoid the Godzilla sized soda
is undone by his pretensions
is undone by anachronistic quick edits and occasional jarring glimpses of a modern theater audience watching the events unfold .
is undone by anachronistic quick edits and occasional jarring glimpses of a modern theater audience watching the events unfold
is unconvincing soap opera that Tornatore was right to cut .
is unconvincing soap opera that Tornatore was right to cut
is unconvincing
is unfocused ,
is unfocused
is a load of clams left in the broiling sun for a good three days
is a lot more bluster than bite
, purposeless
, preposterous , the movie will likely set the cause of woman warriors back decades .
, preachy soap opera
, provocative and vainglorious
, populating its hackneyed and meanspirited storyline with cardboard characters and performers who value cash above credibility .
is a good name for a movie this delibrately obtuse and unapproachable
the story congeals
grows decidedly flimsier with its many out-sized , out of character and logically porous action set pieces
infamy
infantile
Translation : ` We do n't need to try very hard
Translation : ` We do n't need to try very hard .
Translation : ` We do n't need to try very hard . '
the film seems as deflated as he does
the most annoying thing
the film suffers from a philosophical emptiness and maddeningly sedate pacing .
rehash old jokes and leave any life at the doorstep .
rehash old jokes and leave
certainly got lost in the `` soon-to-be-forgettable '' section of the quirky rip-off prison romp pile .
somewhat cumbersome 3D goggles
the most depressing movie-going experiences I can think of
people walking out halfway through
spend money on a dog like this when you can rent a pedigree instead
regret to report that these ops are just not extreme enough .
scenes . Tom Green just gives them a bad odor .
pseudo-intellectual kid
pseudo-philosophic twaddle
in Black II achieves ultimate insignificance
pseudo-philosophic
be hard pressed to retain their lunch
be great to see this turd squashed under a truck , preferably a semi
the artificial
anemic
anarchy
takeoff just never happens
fidget through ten pseudo-serious minutes while waiting for the ending credits and the deleted scenes montage to break the audience 's awkward silence
angry
surprisingly uninvolving
surrender $ 9
surrounded by 86 minutes of overly-familiar and poorly-constructed comedy .
deeply pessimistic
's about issues most adults have to face in marriage
in execution it is all awkward , static , and lifeless rumblings
in favor of mushy obviousness
to buy that this doting mother would shun her kids , travel to one of the most dangerous parts of the world , don fatigues and become G.I. Jane
to burn the negative and the script and pretend the whole thing never existed
self-absorbed
its old-hat set-up and
, Lily Chou-Chou never really builds up a head of emotional steam .
lumps of coal
bad animation and
self-loathing
lurid topic
bad animation and mindless violence
wo n't make much of a splash when it 's released ,
bad acting
wo n't make much of a splash when it 's released
bad animation
take on loss and loneliness .
bad at a fraction the budget
An unsatisfying hybrid of Blair Witch and typical stalk-and-slash fare , where the most conservative protagonist is always the last one living .
wo n't make much of a splash when it 's released , and
all the more startling for the slow buildup that has preceded them
wondered what an ending without the input of studio executives or test audiences would look like
When a movie asks you to feel sorry for Mick Jagger 's sex life , it already has one strike against it .
When a movie asks you to feel sorry for Mick Jagger 's sex life
equally derisive clunker
equally derisive
spell things out for viewers
an abundance
Strong filmmaking requires a clear sense of purpose , and in that oh-so-important category , The Four Feathers comes up short
doing unpleasant things to each other and themselves
a sense-of-humour failure
generically
's because relatively nothing happens
's as lumpy as two-day old porridge ...
's as lumpy as two-day old porridge ... the filmmakers ' paws , sad to say , were all over this `` un-bear-able '' project
's as if a bored Cage spent the duration of the film 's shooting schedule waiting to scream : `` Got AIDS yet
's as if a bored Cage spent the duration of the film 's shooting schedule waiting to scream : `` Got AIDS yet ?
's as if a bored Cage spent the duration of the film 's shooting schedule waiting to scream : `` Got AIDS yet ? ''
's as lumpy as two-day old porridge
The stripped-down approach does give the film a certain timeless quality , but the measured pace and lack of dramatic inflection can also seem tedious
The stupidest , most insulting movie of 2002
The stupidest , most insulting movie
Stupid , infantile , redundant , sloppy , over-the-top ,
for all its social and political potential , State Property does n't end up being very inspiring or insightful .
real shame
at least four times . Every joke is repeated at least -- annoying , is n't it
at least four times . Every joke is repeated at least
at least four times . Every joke is repeated at least --
at least four times . Every joke is repeated at least -- annoying
central flaw
Without any redeeming value whatsoever
Without September 11 , Collateral Damage would have been just another bad movie .
Without ( De Niro ) , City By The Sea would slip under the waves .
taken quite a nosedive from Alfred Hitchcock 's imaginative flight to Shyamalan 's self-important summer fluff
loads of irreparable damage
So routine , familiar and predictable , it raises the possibility that it wrote itself as a newly automated Final Draft computer program .
Gambling and throwing a basketball game for money is n't a new plot
Gambling and throwing a basketball game for money is n't a new plot --
Gambling and throwing a basketball game for money is n't a new plot -- in fact Toback himself used it in Black and White
Gaghan ... has thrown every suspenseful cliché in the book at this nonsensical story .
incongruous
an 8-year-old channeling Roberto Benigni
an ( emotionally at least ) adolescent audience demanding regular shocks and bouts of barely defensible sexual violence to keep it interested
only a spectacular whiff
only because the cast is so engagingly messing around like Slob City reductions of Damon Runyon crooks
more grating
more grating than engaging
There 's no way to sort out the mess in our heads and deconstruct where it all went wrong . This is an hour and a half of daydreaming .
An ungainly , comedy-deficient , B-movie rush job ...
An uneven look into a grim future that does n't come close to the level of intelligence and visual splendour that can be seen in other films based on Philip K. Dick stories .
An uncomfortable movie , suffocating and sometimes almost senseless , The Grey Zone
An uncomfortable movie , suffocating and sometimes almost senseless ,
An unencouraging threefold expansion on the former MTV series , accompanying the stunt-hungry dimwits in a random series of collected gags , pranks , pratfalls , dares , injuries , etc. .
An uncomfortable movie
An uncomfortable movie , suffocating and sometimes almost senseless
An uncomfortable movie ,
to Jimmy 's relentless anger
to Jimmy 's relentless anger , and to the script 's refusal of a happy ending
to Shyamalan 's self-important summer fluff
Nicks , seemingly uncertain what 's going to make people laugh
Nicks , seemingly uncertain what 's going to make people laugh ,
the dumbest , sketchiest
the dumbest
be low , very low , very very low ,
prevents us from sharing the awe in which it holds itself
pretty weary
puts the kibosh on what is otherwise a sumptuous work of B-movie imagination .
Watching Harris ham it up while physically and emotionally disintegrating over the course of the movie has a certain poignancy in light of his recent death , but Boyd 's film offers little else of consequence
Watching Queen of the Damned is like reading a research paper , with special effects tossed in .
As a feature-length film , it wears out its welcome as tryingly as the title character .
As aimless as an old pickup skidding completely out of control on a long patch of black ice
As aimless as an old pickup skidding completely out of control on a long patch of black ice , the movie makes two hours feel like four .
As dumb and cheesy
unlikable , uninteresting , unfunny
meaningless
meandering
meandering ending
low-budget hybrid
low-budget production
low-cal Woody
low-cal Woody at best
low-grade cheese standards
low-tech magic realism
making Ararat far more demanding than it needs to be
makes two hours feel like four
makes two hours feel like four .
makes you feel like you 're watching an iceberg melt -- only
makes you feel like a chump
an erotic thriller that 's neither too erotic nor very thrilling , either .
an excuse
Mr. Montias is n't nearly as good to his crew as he is as a director or actor .
The catch is that they 're stuck with a script that prevents them from firing on all cylinders
touch on spousal abuse
drek
yawn
y que resultan totalmente banales
The characters are based on stock clichés
the top and movies that do n't care about being stupid
` get in the car , bitch , ' this jerry bruckheimer production
` get in the car , bitch , ' this jerry bruckheimer production has little else to offer
` get in the car , bitch ,
` get in the car , bitch , '
rarely provides
its three-hour running time plays closer to two .
it was just a matter of ` eh . '
it was only made for teenage boys and wrestling fans
it washed out despite all of that
into brutally labored and unfunny hokum
into every clichéd white-trash situation imaginable
into an uneasy blend of Ghost and Close Encounters of the Third Kind
inertia to arrest development in a dead-end existence
lagging near the finish line
lacks grandeur and that epic quality often associated with Stevenson 's tale as well as with earlier Disney efforts
lacks grandeur and that epic quality often associated with Stevenson 's tale as well as with earlier Disney efforts .
lacks in depth
lacks in outright newness
lacks in thematic coherence
lacks the passion required to sell the material .
's on Saturday morning TV especially the pseudo-educational stuff we all ca n't stand
's nowhere near as good as the original .
you snore
's nowhere near
someone who ultimately does n't learn at the center of a kids ' story
's nowhere near as good as the original
something aboul '' Full Frontal '' seems , well , contrived
oppressively gloomy
only thing to fear about `` Fear Dot Com ''
the limited chemistry
Trouble
the perfect cure for insomnia
Like watching a dress rehearsal the week before the show goes up : everything 's in place but something 's just a little off-kilter .
rot
a surgeon mends a broken heart ; very meticulously but without any passion
a surprisingly juvenile lark ,
the very people who are intended to make it shine
for a movie this delibrately obtuse and unapproachable .
for a movie that tries to be smart
for a role he still needs to grow into
for a routine slasher film that was probably more fun to make than it is to sit through
A boring masquerade ball where normally good actors , even Kingsley , are made to look bad .
succeeds in making neither
succumb to appearing in this junk that 's TV sitcom material at best
succeeded only in making me groggy
succeeds in diminishing his stature from Oscar-winning master to lowly studio hack
succumbs to cliches and pat storytelling
succumbs to gravity and plummets
a college comedy that 's target audience has n't graduated from junior high school
a cold movie
a cold-hearted curmudgeon for not being able to enjoy a mindless action movie
show more of the dilemma , rather than
show that if you give a filmmaker an unlimited amount of phony blood , nothing good can happen
dying a slow death , if the poor quality of Pokemon 4 Ever is any indication
dying a slow death
dying fall
dysfunctionally privileged lifestyle
A bizarre piece of work , with premise and dialogue at the level of kids ' television and plot threads
that annoying specimen of humanity
A living testament to the power of the eccentric and the strange . The fact that it is n't very good is almost beside the point .
A living testament to the power of the eccentric and the strange . The fact that it is n't very good
to root for : expulsion for everyone
A lackluster , unessential sequel to the classic Disney adaptation of J . M . Barrie 's Peter Pan .
A lackluster , unessential sequel to the classic Disney adaptation of J . M . Barrie 's Peter Pan
A lackluster , unessential sequel
A kilted Jackson is an unsettling sight , and indicative of his , if you will , out-of-kilter character , who rambles aimlessly through ill-conceived action pieces .
A little weak -- and it is n't that funny .
A little weak
A little too pat for its own good .
I complain all the time about seeing the same ideas repeated in films over and over again , but
I complain all the time about seeing the same ideas repeated in films over and over again ,
busy
laugh-free lecture
if you will a Tony Hawk skating video interspliced with footage from Behind Enemy Lines and set to Jersey shore techno
if your film becomes boring , and your dialogue is n't smart , then you need to use more poetic license
ignore the fact that Hollywood is n't laughing with us , folks . It 's laughing at us
ignore the film
, can prevent its tragic waste of life
, confused , and totally disorientated
, colour and cringe
, contrived sequels
the movie is n't scary
the movie is just a plain old monster .
the movie has no idea of it is serious
the movie is a disaster
the movie is busy contriving false , sitcom-worthy solutions to their problems .
The tale of Tok ( Andy Lau ) , a sleek sociopath on the trail of O ( Takashi Sorimachi ) , the most legendary of Asian hitmen , is too scattershot to take hold .
The talented and clever Robert Rodriguez perhaps put a little too much heart into his first film and did n't reserve enough for his second .
The techno tux is good for a few laughs , as are Chan and Hewitt , but when such a good design turns out to be a cheap knockoff , we ca n't recommend anything but a rental for The Tuxedo
being gullible
desperately unsuspenseful when it tries to make us jump out of our seats
plot holes sink this ` sub '
plot and paper-thin supporting characters
desperate miscalculation
Shreve 's novel proved too difficult a text to ` lick , ' despite the efforts of a first-rate cast .
haphazard administration
This is no `` Waterboy ! ''
a fault
a faulty premise
a faulty
a faulty premise , one it follows into melodrama and silliness
a faulty premise ,
for frequently pandering to fans of the gross-out comedy
Showtime is n't particularly assaultive , but it can still make you feel that you never want to see another car chase , explosion or gunfight again
about identity and alienation
about hatred that offers no easy , comfortable resolution
ratchets up the stirring soundtrack , throws in a fish-out-of-water gag and lets the cliched dialogue rip . Or else a doggie winks .
ratchets up the stirring soundtrack , throws in a fish-out-of-water gag and lets the cliched dialogue rip . Or else a doggie winks
Flatbush machismo
obnoxious adults
oblivious
oblivious to the existence of this film
objectionable or dull film
objectionable or
objectionable or dull
for granted in most films are mishandled here
Flaunts
obnoxious and
obnoxious and stiff
deceptions
deception
The dark and bittersweet twist feels strange as things turn nasty and tragic during the final third of the film . First-timer John McKay is never able to pull it back on course .
Flick Hell
On the right track to something that 's creepy and effective ... It 's just going to take more than a man in a Bullwinkle costume to get there .
I found myself struggling to put my finger on that elusive `` missing thing . ''
I expect much more from a talent as outstanding as director Bruce McCulloch .
I guess I come from a broken family , and
a little flat
Jason X is positively anti-Darwinian : nine sequels and 400 years later , the teens are none the wiser and Jason still kills on auto-pilot .
Jason is about as convincing on the sci-fi front as TV 's defunct Cleopatra 2525 .
to make its characters idiots in order to advance the plot
a final lap that 's all too suspiciously smooth
Haneke 's script ( from Elfriede Jelinek 's novel ) is contrived , unmotivated , and psychologically unpersuasive , with an inconclusive ending .
every cliche
is the filmmakers ' point ?
is the most disappointing Woody Allen movie ever
is the most disappointing Woody Allen movie
is the most visually unappealing .
is the most disappointing Woody Allen movie ever .
No one but a convict guilty of some truly heinous crime should have to sit through The Master of Disguise .
No one but a convict guilty of some truly heinous crime
No movement , no yuks , not much of anything .
No number of fantastic sets , extras , costumes and spectacular locales can disguise the emptiness at the center of the story .
No reason for anyone to invest their hard-earned bucks into a movie which obviously did n't invest much into itself either .
No reason for anyone to invest their hard-earned bucks into a movie which obviously did n't invest much into itself either
The crap
a frustrating misfire
a fudged opportunity
a fudged opportunity of gigantic proportions
a fudged opportunity of gigantic proportions --
a fudged opportunity of gigantic proportions -- a lunar mission with no signs of life
inane , humorless and under-inspired .
to say that -- on the basis of this film alone -- I 'm not one of them
no logra desarrollarse como un gran drama , tampoco es tan superficial como muchas cintas que pecan de pretenciosas y que resultan totalmente banales
no major discoveries , nor any stylish sizzle
wears thin -- then out -- when there 's nothing else happening
you were thinking someone made off with your wallet
you 're really renting this you 're not interested in discretion in your entertainment choices
An inexperienced director ,
you 're not fans of the adventues of Steve and Terri
An incredibly irritating comedy
An inconsequential , barely there bit of piffle .
An incredibly irritating comedy about thoroughly vacuous people ... manages to embody the worst excesses of nouvelle vague without any of its sense of fun or energy .
An incredibly irritating comedy about thoroughly vacuous people
An inept , tedious spoof of '70s
An inept , tedious spoof
An inept , tedious spoof of '70s kung fu pictures , it contains almost enough chuckles for a three-minute sketch , and no more .
An inept , tedious spoof of '70s kung fu pictures
is impossible to care about
is impossible to care about and
is how a rich historical subject , combined with so much first-rate talent ... could have yielded such a flat , plodding picture
is how a rich historical subject , combined with so much first-rate talent ... could have yielded such a flat , plodding picture .
is hindered by uneven dialogue and plot lapses .
is hollow , self-indulgent , and - worst of all - boring
is hollow , self-indulgent , and - worst of all - boring .
writer-director Michael Kalesniko 's How to Kill Your Neighbor 's Dog is slight but unendurable .
that even a story immersed in love , lust , and sin could n't keep my attention
that fails to match the freshness of the actress-producer and writer
that falls far short
that evoke childish night terrors
that feels dusty and leatherbound
nothing compared to the movie 's contrived , lame screenplay and listless direction
weepy
at a grade-school audience
not-so-hot
note that this film , like the similarly ill-timed Antitrust , is easily as bad at a fraction the budget
nothing at all
disgusting in the manner it repeatedly puts a small child in jeopardy , treating her as little more than a prop to be cruelly tormented
-- and some staggeringly boring cinema .
is superficial
is superficial and
-- as dumb , credulous , unassuming , subordinate subjects .
to make a dull , pretentious version of Jesus ' Son
for its mawkish posing by offering
they 're struggling to create .
Castro
on losers in a gone-to-seed hotel
to see this movie is hereby given fair warning
overused
Several uninteresting , unlikeable people do bad things to and with each other in '' Unfaithful . '' Why anyone who is not a character in this movie should care is beyond me .
less-than-thrilling
less the product of loving , well integrated homage and more like a mere excuse for the wan , thinly sketched story
less than the sum of its underventilated père-fils confrontations
less than pure wankery .
less than pure wankery
less of a trifle if Ms. Sugarman followed through on her defiance of the saccharine
interpreting the play as a call for pity and sympathy
to mediocrity
to merely bad rather than painfully awful
to merit such superficial treatment
to modernize it with encomia to diversity and tolerance
arcane area
Die
the gross-out comedy
stomps in hobnail boots over Natalie Babbitt 's gentle , endearing 1975 children 's novel
stodgy , soap opera-ish dialogue
stomach-turning as the way Adam Sandler 's new movie rapes
stock persona
stodgy
stock situations and characters
wander into predictably treacherous situations even though they should know better .
wander into predictably treacherous situations even though they should know better
teeny-bopper
teeny-bopper set
teeth-gnashing
teeth-gnashing actorliness
badly focused
badly written
badly made on every level
hard-pressed
baffling casual approach
the plot makes no sense
the plot follows a predictable connect-the-dots course
's only in fairy tales that princesses that are married for political reason live happily ever after
's only in fairy tales
but unmemorable
that has no teeth
wanders around
It does n't quite deserve the gong , but there are more fascinating acts than `` Confessions of a Dangerous Mind .
It does n't believe in itself , it has no sense of humor ...
It does n't believe in itself , it has no sense of humor ... it 's just plain bored
Stuart 's poor-me persona
Stuart 's poor-me persona needs a whole bunch of Snowball 's cynicism to cut through the sugar coating . But
about the worst thing
about the worst thing Chan has done in the United States
revolting
no other explanation . Hilariously inept and ridiculous
no other reason why anyone should bother remembering it
no palpable chemistry between Lopez and male lead Ralph Fiennes
no palpable chemistry
it is n't nearly as terrible as it cold have been
emotional buttons
, but not enough to make this anything more than another big-budget bust
, but overall limp ,
, by the time the bloody climax arrives we still do n't feel enough of an attachment to these guys to care one way or another .
, can not overcome blah characters
, children deserve better than Pokemon 4Ever .
I hate it .
I had to look away - this was god awful .
I had to look away - this was god awful
singing and finger snapping it might have held my attention , but as it stands I kept looking for the last exit from Brooklyn .
The kids often appear to be reading the lines and are incapable of conveying any emotion .
The jokes are sophomoric , stereotypes are sprinkled everywhere and the acting ranges from bad to bodacious .
The jokes are sophomoric , stereotypes are sprinkled everywhere and the acting ranges from bad to bodacious
gets muted and routine .
The jokes are sophomoric ,
The jokes are sophomoric , stereotypes are sprinkled everywhere and
so much on view , so little to offer
as unblinkingly pure as The Hours
Almost gags on its own gore
Almost gags on its own gore .
Almost everything else
Almost gags
occasionally static to the point of resembling a stage play
occasionally ends in bone-crushing screwups
occasion
occasionally stretches believability to its limits and relies on predictable plot contrivances
occasionally stretches believability to its limits
( and misses )
It took 19 predecessors to get THIS ?
an 83 minute document of a project which started in a muddle
an 83 minute document of a project which started in a muddle ,
The script kicks in , and Mr. Hartley 's distended pace and foot-dragging rhythms follow
will be upstaged by an avalanche of more appealing holiday-season product
mean giggles and
me want to wrench my eyes out of my head and toss them at the screen
me want to bolt the theater in the first 10 minutes
Blessed with a searing lead performance by Ryan Gosling ( Murder by Numbers ) , the movie is powerful and provocative . It 's also built on a faulty premise , one it follows into melodrama and silliness .
bad way
bad romances
unimaginable
Blood Work is laughable in the solemnity with which it tries to pump life into overworked elements from Eastwood 's Dirty Harry period .
Unambitious writing emerges in the movie , using a plot that could have come from an animated-movie screenwriting textbook .
Uneven performances
Uneven performances and
a clunky tv-movie
a clunky tv-movie approach
a clunky tv-movie approach to detailing a chapter in the life of the celebrated irish playwright , poet and drinker
a clich
reduces it to an almost comic embarrassment
This concoction , so bizarre to the adult mind
reduces it to an almost comic embarrassment .
for the paper-thin characterizations and facile situations
for the most part a useless movie , even with a great director at the helm
for the playlist
a worthless film
Diane Lane 's sophisticated performance ca n't rescue Adrian Lyne 's Unfaithful from its sleazy moralizing .
Devotees of Star Trek II : The Wrath of Khan will feel a nagging sense of deja vu , and the grandeur of the best Next Generation episodes is lacking .
Devotees of Star Trek II : The Wrath of Khan will feel a nagging sense of deja vu , and the grandeur of the best Next Generation episodes is lacking
from a lack of humor ( something needed to balance out the violence )
who drag them to this movie for the Hugh factor
stinks
Pauly Shore awful
extraordinarily silly thriller
extremely flat
meager weight
meandering , and sometimes dry
aptly enough , a challenge and a punishment .
meandering , loud , painful , obnoxious
meandering , low on energy
of denial
to portray its literarily talented and notorious subject as anything much more than a dirty old man
George W . Bush , Henry Kissinger , Larry King
George Orwell turning over
Mention `` Solaris '' five years from now and
Men in Black II achieves ultimate insignificance
Men in Black II achieves ultimate insignificance --
Men in Black II achieves ultimate insignificance -- it 's the sci-fi comedy spectacle as Whiffle-Ball epic
Men in Black II achieves ultimate insignificance -- it 's the sci-fi comedy spectacle as Whiffle-Ball epic .
Men in Black II has sequel-itis something fierce .
Mendes still does n't quite know how to fill a frame .
The result is more depressing than liberating , but
The result is more depressing than liberating
The result is more depressing than liberating ,
Call me a cold-hearted curmudgeon for not being able to enjoy a mindless action movie , but I believe a movie can be mindless without being the peak of all things insipid .
Cacoyannis ' vision is far less mature , interpreting the play as a call for pity and sympathy for anachronistic phantasms haunting the imagined glory of their own pasts .
Eddie Murphy and Owen Wilson have a cute partnership in I Spy , but the movie around them is so often nearly nothing that their charm does n't do a load of good .
Eddie Murphy and Owen Wilson have a cute partnership in I Spy , but the movie around them is so often nearly nothing that their charm does n't do a load of good
is a film about the irksome , tiresome nature of complacency that remains utterly satisfied to remain the same throughout
Little is done to support the premise other than fling gags at it to see which ones shtick .
It is parochial , accessible to a chosen few , standoffish to everyone else , and smugly suggests a superior moral tone is more important than filmmaking skill
It is n't quite one of the worst movies of the year . It 's just merely very bad .
It is depressing , ruthlessly pained and depraved , the movie equivalent of staring into an open wound .
It is dark , brooding and slow , and takes its central idea way too seriously .
It is bad , but certainly not without merit as entertainment .
no entertainment value
no conversion effort
really goes downhill .
no good
is gone , replaced by the forced funniness found in the dullest kiddie flicks .
is gone , replaced by the forced funniness found in the dullest kiddie flicks
enjoy the same free ride from critics afforded to Clint Eastwood in the lazy Bloodwork
enjoy the big screen postcard that is a self-glorified Martin Lawrence lovefest
worry about it causing significant harm and not smelly enough to bother despising
to the power of the eccentric and the strange . The fact that it is n't very good
the pool with an utterly incompetent conclusion
laconic pace
Plodding ,
a laconic pace and
Please , someone , stop Eric Schaeffer before he makes another film .
Plotless
Plodding , peevish and gimmicky
Plodding , peevish and gimmicky .
unfulfilling
unfunny
unfunny Phonce
unfunny and
unfunny and unentertaining
unfunny one
In the wrong hands
In the spirit of the season , I assign one bright shining star to Roberto Benigni 's Pinocchio -- but I guarantee that no wise men will be following after it .
In the end , there is n't much to it .
In the end , the movie bogs down in insignificance , saying nothing about Kennedy 's assassination and revealing nothing about the pathology it pretends to investigate .
In the end , the film feels homogenized and a bit contrived , as if we 're looking back at a tattered and ugly past with rose-tinted glasses .
is even remotely new or interesting
is even more ludicrous than you 'd expect from the guy-in-a-dress genre
is evaded completely
is essentially juiceless .
is even worse than I imagined a movie ever could be
is even worse
michael rymer 's direction is so bloodless
borrows from other movies like it in the most ordinary and obvious fashion
borrows from other movies like it in the most ordinary and obvious fashion .
borrows heavily from lynch , jeunet , and von trier while failing to find a spark of its own
's begun to split up so that it can do even more damage
's been responsible for putting together any movies of particular value or merit
's because there 's no discernible feeling beneath the chest hair
with all of the pitfalls of such you 'd expect .
with a superficial snapshot
with a very bad feeling
no unifying rhythm or visual style
no unifying rhythm or
no unifying rhythm
no unforgettably stupid stunts or uproariously rude lines of dialogue to remember it by
no unforgettably stupid stunts or uproariously
no wit ,
no wit
that this noble warlord would be consigned to the dustbin of history
to systematically destroy everything we hold dear about cinema , only now it 's begun to split up so that it can do even more damage
to sustain interest for the full 90 minutes , especially with the weak payoff
squanders the charms of stars Hugh Grant and Sandra Bullock .
marshaled in the service of such a minute idea
sometimes illegal
sometimes angry
something wrong
Who knows what exactly Godard is on about in this film , but
While the ensemble player who gained notice in Guy Ritchie 's Lock , Stock and Two Smoking Barrels and Snatch has the bod , he 's unlikely to become a household name on the basis of his first starring vehicle .
done that ... a thousand times already
done that ... a thousand times
done way too often
enough melodrama
enough melodrama in this magnolia primavera
enough to make one pine for the day when godard can no longer handle the rigors of filmmaking
an apartheid drama
Slob
Slob City reductions of Damon Runyon crooks
less of a trifle if Ms . Sugarman followed through on her defiance of the saccharine
depressed fifteen-year-old 's
depressing , ruthlessly pained
Perhaps a better celebration of these unfairly dismissed heroes would be a film that is n't this painfully forced , false and fabricated .
Pauly Shore awful . Do n't say you were n't warned
Pauly Shore awful .
a scruffy
, bliss-less work
a self-indulgent script
bankruptcy
bang your head on the seat in front of you , at its cluelessness , at its idiocy , at its utterly misplaced earnestness
made before , like Beau Travil and Nenette et Boni , could prepare us for this gory , perverted , sex-soaked riff on the cannibal genre
The last 20 minutes are somewhat redeeming , but most of the movie is the same teenage American road-trip drek we 've seen before
The last 20 minutes are somewhat redeeming , but most of the movie is the same teenage American road-trip drek we 've seen before -
The last 20 minutes are somewhat redeeming , but most of the movie is the same teenage American road-trip drek we 've seen before - only this time you have to read the fart jokes
The latest Adam Sandler assault and possibly the worst film
The latest Adam Sandler assault and possibly the worst film of the year
The latest Adam Sandler assault and possibly the worst film of the year .
Schaefer 's ... determination to inject farcical raunch ... drowns out the promise of the romantic angle .
dread or
dreamed of attending Cannes
dreadful live-action movie .
dreadful Sabrina remake
dreary , incoherent , self-indulgent mess
's a demented kitsch mess ( although the smeary digital video does match the muddled narrative )
's a pale imitation
face is chillingly unemotive
the car , bitch ,
presents himself as the boy puppet Pinocchio , complete with receding hairline , weathered countenance and American Breckin Meyer 's ridiculously inappropriate Valley Boy voice
presents himself as the boy puppet Pinocchio , complete with receding hairline , weathered countenance and American Breckin Meyer 's ridiculously inappropriate Valley Boy voice .
the imagined glory of their own pasts
the impression the creators of Do n't Ask Do n't Tell laughed a hell of a lot at their own jokes .
that might have been titled ` The Loud and the Ludicrous '
was feeling this movie until it veered off too far into the Exxon zone , and left me behind at the station looking for a return ticket to realism .
was feeling this movie until it veered off too far into the Exxon zone , and left me behind at the station looking for a return ticket to realism
that may well put the nail in the coffin of any future Rice adaptations
was filled with shootings , beatings , and more cussing than you could shake a stick at .
was filled with shootings , beatings , and more cussing than you could shake a stick at
that might keep a more general audience even vaguely interested in his bratty character
that might have required genuine acting from Ms . Spears
to be a whole lot scarier than they are in this tepid genre offering
to be a sudsy tub of supernatural hokum , not even Ms .
in a museum , where viewers would be free to leave
in a random series of collected gags , pranks , pratfalls , dares , injuries , etc.
in a last-minute happy ending that 's even less plausible than the rest of the picture
in a contest to see who can out-bad-act the other
in a fat man 's navel
in a grisly sort of way
a bad run in the market or a costly divorce
a bad sign when you 're rooting for the film to hurry up and get to its subjects ' deaths just so the documentary will be over
a bad movie , just mediocre
a bad run
a badly handled screenplay of what is really an amusing concept -- a high-tech tux that transforms its wearer into a superman
a bargain-basement European pickup
a bad slasher flick
a badly handled screenplay
Others may find it migraine-inducing , despite Moore 's attempts at whimsy and spoon feeding .
Other than a mildly engaging central romance , Hospital is sickly entertainment at best and mind-destroying cinematic pollution at worst .
Other than a mildly engaging central romance , Hospital
Other Side of Heaven '' appalling ''
Ostensibly celebrates middle-aged girl power , even as it presents friendship between women as pathetic , dysfunctional and destructive .
for making a florid biopic about mad queens , obsessive relationships , and rampant adultery so dull
for kids or their parents , for that matter
is like watching a transcript of a therapy session brought to humdrum life by some Freudian puppet
is like watching a transcript of a therapy session brought to humdrum life by some Freudian puppet .
is little else to recommend '' Never Again
is like having two guys yelling in your face for two hours
is like having two guys yelling in your face for two hours .
intellectually stultifying
insults
insulted
insufficiently cathartic
insultingly inept and artificial
to spend their time in the theater thinking up grocery lists and ways to tell their kids how not to act like Pinocchio
It 's a great deal of sizzle and very little steak .
, The Four Feathers comes up short
, Steven Soderbergh 's space opera emerges as a numbingly dull experience .
is awful .
is awful
is as predictable as the tides .
is as blasphemous and nonsensical as a Luis Buñuel film
is as blasphemous and nonsensical as a Luis Buñuel film without the latter 's attendant intelligence , poetry , passion , and genius .
's rather messy
Plunges you into a reality that is , more often then not , difficult and sad ,
uses the website feardotcom.com or the improperly hammy performance from poor Stephen Rea
ushers in the theater that hand you a cup of coffee every few minutes
uses its pulpy core conceit
whose balletic hotdogging occasionally ends in bone-crushing screwups
who would like to dismiss the film
freshened up by the dunce of a Screenwriting 101 class ... Designed to provide a mix of smiles and tears , '' Crossroads '' instead provokes a handful of unintentional howlers and numerous yawns
Blade II is still top-heavy with blazing guns , cheatfully filmed martial arts , disintegrating bloodsucker computer effects and jagged camera moves that serve no other purpose than to call attention to themselves .
Blade II mutates into a gross-out monster movie with effects that are more silly than scary .
freshened up by the dunce of a Screenwriting 101 class
less a story
less a story than an inexplicable nightmare , right down to the population 's shrugging acceptance to each new horror .
even less plausible than the rest of the picture
even less plausible
even though it rips off many of its ideas
where director Adrian Lyne holds sway , where all relationships are simultaneously broadly metaphorical , oddly abstract , and excruciatingly literal
a particularly nightmarish
mostly wordless ethnographic extras
mostly repetitive
mostly undeterminable
most unpleasant things
most viewers will wish there had been more of the '' Queen '' and less of the '' Damned
mostly fool 's
mostly fool 's gold
too obvious or simplistic for this movie
a date movie ( an anti-date movie is more like it )
a crash course
too often into sugary sentiment and withholds delivery on the pell-mell pyrotechnics its punchy style promises
comes off as a two-way time-switching myopic mystery that stalls in its lackluster gear of emotional blandness .
comes down to whether you can tolerate Leon Barlow .
comes down to whether you can tolerate Leon Barlow
comes along to remind us of how very bad a motion picture can truly be .
comes along to remind us of how very bad a motion picture can truly be
comes along that is so insanely stupid , so awful in so many ways that watching it leaves you giddy .
an unnatural calm that 's occasionally shaken by ... blasts of rage
an unprecedented tragedy
the symbols of loss and denial and life-at-arm 's - length in the film seem irritatingly transparent
as anything more than markers in a screenplay
That the film opens with maggots crawling on a dead dog
as if De Palma spent an hour setting a fancy table and then served up Kraft Macaroni and Cheese
as hollow catharsis , with lots of tears but very little in the way of insights
her life is meaningless , vapid and devoid of substance , in a movie that is definitely meaningless , vapid and devoid of substance
telegraphed episodes smell of old soap opera
television - caliber and the message of providing solace through deception is a little creepy
undermined by the movie 's presentation , which is way too stagy
undermine the moral dilemma at the movie 's heart .
undernourished and
underrehearsed
undernourished and plodding
those crass , contrived sequels
those crass , contrived sequels that not only fails on its own , but makes you second-guess your affection for the original
just another voyeuristic spectacle
its 112-minute length
's absolutely amazing how first-time director Kevin Donovan managed to find something new to add to the canon of Chan . Make Chan 's action sequences boring
's actually pretty funny , but in all the wrong places
's all bluster and cliché
she must be a failure at life , because she 's driven by ambition and Does n't Know How to Have Fun
little room
little else
too formulaic and too familiar to produce the transgressive
liked it much more if Harry & Tonto never existed
like you 're going from one room to the next and none of them have any relation to the other
with subplots involving the various Silbersteins that it feels more like the pilot episode of a TV series than a feature film
make one pine for the day when godard can no longer handle the rigors of filmmaking
make pta proud yet director muccino 's characters are less worthy of puccini
like this that puts flimsy flicks like this behind bars
like time fillers between surf shots
that stretches the running time about 10 minutes past a child 's interest and an adult 's patience
terminally depressed , mostly inarticulate , hyper dysfunctional
no reason for being
no reason to truly care for its decrepit freaks beyond the promise of a reprieve from their incessant whining
no psychology here , and no real narrative logic -- just a series of carefully choreographed atrocities , which become strangely impersonal and abstract
no real narrative logic
no psychology here , and no real narrative logic
no psychology here , and no real narrative logic --
no real sense
no real sense of suspense
anti-feminist
so incredibly inane
a cheap cliché
a cheap , ludicrous attempt at serious horror .
a cheap , ludicrous attempt at serious horror
a cheap , ludicrous attempt
seem to get anywhere near the story 's center
monster-in-the
even though I could not stand them
even then , I 'd recommend waiting for DVD and just skipping straight to her scenes .
the glaring triteness of the plot device
a handful of mildly amusing lines
a handful of unintentional howlers and numerous yawns
a hard time
the film , while it 's not completely wreaked ,
the film , while it 's not completely wreaked , is seriously compromised by that
the film amounts to being lectured to by tech-geeks , if you 're up for that sort of thing .
the film becomes predictably conventional .
the film ends with a large human tragedy . Alas , getting there is not even half the interest .
that proceeds from a stunningly unoriginal premise
the stills might make a nice coffee table book
... is dudsville .
... irritating soul-searching garbage .
... is an arthritic attempt at directing by Callie Khouri .
Watching the film is like reading a Times Portrait of Grief that keeps shifting focus to the journalist who wrote it .
Watching it is rather like an overlong visit from a large group of your relatives . As your relatives swap one mundane story after another , you begin to wonder if they are ever going to depart .
Watching it is rather like viewing a long soap opera in which only the first episode was any good .
We are left with a superficial snapshot that , however engaging , is insufficiently enlightening and inviting .
We hate ( Madonna ) within the film 's first five minutes
every cheap trick
every conceivable area
every cheap trick in the book trying to make the outrage
it does . My only wish is that Celebi could take me back to a time before I saw this movie and I could just skip it
it does . My only wish is that Celebi could take me back to a time before I saw this movie
simply feel wrong
tone-deaf
evaporates like so much crypt mist in the brain
evaded completely
evaded
evacuations , and none-too-funny commentary on the cultural distinctions between Americans and Brits .
evacuations , and none-too-funny commentary on the cultural distinctions between Americans and Brits
a forcefully quirky tone that quickly wears out its limited welcome
a fleeting grasp
a florid biopic about mad queens , obsessive relationships , and rampant adultery
a florid biopic about mad queens , obsessive relationships , and rampant adultery so dull
Should n't have been allowed to use the word '' new '' in its title , because there 's not an original character , siuation or joke in the entire movie
Shot perhaps ` artistically ' with handheld cameras and apparently no movie lights by Joaquin Baca-Asay , the low-budget production swings annoyingly between vertigo and opacity .
Should have been someone else -
Shot like a postcard and overacted with all the boozy self-indulgence that brings out the worst in otherwise talented actors ...
Shot like a postcard and
Shot like a postcard and overacted with all the boozy self-indulgence that brings out the worst in otherwise talented actors
Should n't have been allowed to use the word '' new '' in its title , because there 's not an original character , siuation or joke in the entire movie .
Showtime is closer to Slowtime .
did n't he just do it , instead of using bad sci-fi as window dressing
One of these days Hollywood will come up with an original idea for a teen movie , but until then there 's always these rehashes to feed to the younger generations .
One of those films that started with a great premise and then just fell apart .
rather chaotic
rather convoluted journey
rather convoluted
rather frightening
rather shapeless
tone-deaf singer
Do Not Go Gentle Into That Good Theatre . '
Divertingly ridiculous , headbangingly noisy .
die
done anything remotely intelligent
done a great disservice by a lack of critical distance and a sad trust in liberal arts college bumper sticker platitudes
done a great disservice by a lack of critical distance and a sad trust in liberal arts college bumper sticker platitudes .
done a great disservice
done better in Wilder 's Some Like It Hot is like saying the sun rises in the east
About as satisfying and predictable as the fare at your local
About as satisfying and predictable as the fare at your local drive through .
how the diplomat 's tweaked version of statecraft may have cost thousands and possibly millions of lives
are less worthy
are n't very bright
are n't
A dramatic comedy as pleasantly dishonest and pat as any Hollywood fluff .
tiresomely grave and long-winded
this turd squashed
between presiding over the end of cinema as we know it and another night of delightful hand shadows
between dumb fun and just plain dumb
between farcical and loathsome .
this turkey rotting
comic Adams ' attempts
has a forcefully quirky tone that quickly wears out its limited welcome
this waste
their lack of chemistry makes Eddie Murphy and Robert DeNiro in Showtime look like old , familiar vaudeville partners
this was god awful
's unnerving to see Recoing 's bizzarre reaction to his unemployment .
've already seen this exact same movie a hundred times
've already seen Heartbreak if you 've watched the far superior Nurse Betty or Sunset Boulevard .
've already seen Heartbreak if you 've watched the far superior Nurse Betty or Sunset Boulevard
've been nice if the screenwriters had trusted audiences to understand a complex story , and left off the film 's predictable denouement
dangerously collide
there is little else to recommend '' Never Again . ''
of the film 's shooting schedule waiting to scream
bone-dry , mournfully brittle delivery
there is n't much to it .
for a movie that tries to be smart , it 's kinda dumb .
if you expect light romantic comedy , good gosh , will you be shocked .
ignorance
make this movie anything more than a trashy cop buddy comedy
ai n't pretty
grayish
grayish quality
wannabe film --
wannabe film -- without the vital comic ingredient of the hilarious writer-director himself
wan
monotone
monotone narration
The film is all a little Lit Crit 101 , but
unoriginal mess
tolerate this insipid , brutally clueless film
unsentimental
miserable Scandinavian settlers
miserable excuse
miserable
miserable Scandinavian
misconceived enterprise that only a sophisticated cinephile could have perpetrated .
made for the big screen , some for the small screen
misfires
its makers are n't removed and inquisitive enough for that
its longevity gets more inexplicable as the characterizations turn more crassly reductive
its limit to sustain a laugh
its leaden acting , dull exposition and telegraphed ` surprises
a bad way
a bad day
inept direction , pathetic acting , poorly dubbed dialogue and murky cinematography
inept direction ,
inexperienced
inexperienced children play the two main characters
Blob
gay porn
make for completely empty entertainment
Too much power , not enough puff
teamwork cliches
teasing
when you could just rent those movies instead , let alone seek out a respectable new one
is not the most impressive player .
in no way original , or even all that memorable , but as downtown Saturday matinee brain candy
in many ways a conventional , even predictable remake
wretched work
wretchedness
is not unlike watching a glorified episode of '' 7th Heaven .
overproduced piece of dreck is shockingly bad and absolutely unnecessary .
wrench my eyes out
is not unlike watching a glorified episode of '' 7th Heaven . ''
wrench my eyes out of my head and
wrench my eyes out of my head and toss them at the screen
wretched sound design
of a depressed fifteen-year-old 's suicidal poetry
the world 's misery
cinematic deception
deliberately unsteady
dehumanizing and ego-destroying
dehumanizing and ego-destroying process
about a superficial midlife crisis
about a horrifying historical event
cesspool
... might I suggest that the wayward wooden one end it all by stuffing himself into an electric pencil sharpener ?
... may put off insiders and outsiders alike .
believes it 's revealing some great human truths , when , in reality , it 's churning ground that has long passed the point of being fertile .
the relentless horror on parade
much sucks , but has a funny moment or two .
much too conventional -- lots of boring talking heads , etc . -- to do the subject matter justice
much to do , too little time to do it in
this films lacks the passion required to sell the material
this film is that it 's forced to make its characters idiots in order to advance the plot .
cram earplugs
that is all too predictable
some of the stunts are so outlandish that they border on being cartoonlike .
cram too many ingredients
some of the stunts are so outlandish that they border on being cartoonlike
cram too many ingredients into one small pot
some of the worst film comedies in decades
can seem tiresomely simpleminded
can overcome bad hair design
can only remind us of brilliant crime dramas without becoming one itself
can only provide it with so much leniency .
can see coming a mile away
can practically hear George Orwell turning over .
offers little else of consequence
filmmakers copy the '' Saving Private Ryan '' battle scenes
filmmakers copy the '' Saving Private Ryan '' battle scenes before realizing Steven Spielberg got it right
films crammed with movie references
filmmaking , the kind that pretends to be passionate and truthful but is really frustratingly timid and soggy
that ultimately defeated the film ... It was the unfulfilling , incongruous , `` wait a second
jealousy
just another connect-the-dots , spy-on-the-run picture
As lively an account as Seinfeld is deadpan .
flushed down the latrine of heroism
find a ` literary ' filmmaking style
As if trying to grab a lump of Play-Doh , the harder that Liman tries to squeeze his story
As if trying to grab a lump of Play-Doh , the harder that Liman tries to squeeze his story , the more details slip out between his fingers .
just plain bad
just plain crap
just offensive
even as spoof takes itself too seriously
even dimmer characters
even dumber
even bother to rent this on video
even fewer laughs
in the most depressing places
like entertainment for trolls
like biting into what looks like a juicy , delicious plum on a hot summer day and coming away with your mouth full of rotten pulp and living worms
like calling a dog stupid
like every other Seagal movie , only louder and without that silly ponytail
like every bad idea that 's ever gone into an after-school special compiled in one place , minus those daytime programs ' slickness and sophistication ( and who knew they even had any ? )
with just a suspension of disbelief . rather
with miscast leads , banal dialogue and an absurdly overblown climax
with miscast leads , banal dialogue and an absurdly overblown climax ,
with miscast leads , banal dialogue and an absurdly overblown climax , killing me
gross
gross outs , bawdy comedy and head games
to hang his persistently useless movies
to have blown his entire budget on soundtrack rights
to have it all go wrong
that you 'll be as bored watching Morvern Callar as the characters are in it . If you go , pack your knitting needles
that worked five years ago but has since lost its fizz
that will probably sink the film for anyone who does n't think about percentages all day long
that with really poor comedic writing
that would have been funnier if the director had released the outtakes theatrically and used the film as a bonus feature on the DVD
stupid
to change behavior in bizarre unjustified fashion
to celebratory to soppy
to care whether that boast is true
arduous
ardently waste viewers ' time with a gobbler like this
are a few chuckles , but not a single gag sequence that really scores
are a little peculiar
below
prima donna
prevents the picture from rising above your generic sand 'n' sandal adventure
prevents the picture from rising above your generic sand 'n' sandal adventure .
With Zoe Clarke-Williams 's lackluster thriller '' New Best Friend '' , who needs enemies ?
With McConaughey in an entirely irony-free zone and Bale reduced mainly to batting his sensitive eyelids
With McConaughey in an entirely irony-free zone and Bale reduced mainly to batting his sensitive eyelids , there 's not enough intelligence , wit or innovation on the screen to attract and sustain an older crowd .
deftly unsettling genre flair
It 's plotless , shapeless
It 's plotless , shapeless -- and yet ,
It 's plotless , shapeless --
It 's plotless , shapeless -- and
It 's plotless , shapeless -- and yet , it must be admitted , not entirely humorless . Indeed
's when you 're in the most trouble
ambitious but self-indulgent
, the new film is a subzero version of Monsters , Inc. , without the latter 's imagination , visual charm or texture .
ame and unnecessary
the effect comes off as self-parody
the dutiful precision of a tax accountant
like me , think an action film disguised as a war tribute is disgusting to begin with
empty , ugly exercise
empty , purposeless
empty , fetishistic violence in which murder is casual and fun
empty , fetishistic violence
emptiness and maddeningly sedate pacing
emptiness and maddeningly
empty sub-music video style
empty stud knockabout
from bland actors
been allowed to use the word '' new '' in its title , because there 's not an original character , siuation or joke in the entire movie
picked not for their acting chops , but for their looks
is felt ; not the Craven of ' A Nightmare on Elm Street ' or ` The Hills Have Eyes , ' but the sad schlock merchant of ` Deadly Friend . '
phrase ` fatal script error
pick your nose instead because you 're sure to get more out of the latter experience
pick your nose instead
the minimum requirement of Disney animation
tongue uncomfortably
\*\* holes
a tuba-playing dwarf rolled down a hill in a trash can
\* Corpus and its amiable jerking
, that 's a liability
, tasteless and idiotic
Bloody
a not-so-bright mother and daughter
a numbingly dull experience
a one-note performance
a one-star rating
a painless time-killer
a painless time-killer becomes instead a grating endurance test
a paint-by-numbers picture
it caved in
it can make him a problematic documentary subject
it comes off as only occasionally satirical and never fresh .
this worn-out , pandering palaver
this would be Catechism
it collapses into exactly the kind of buddy cop comedy it set out to lampoon , anyway
this wo n't seem like such a bore
to cover up the fact that the picture is constructed around a core of flimsy -- or , worse yet , nonexistent -- ideas
the storytelling , which undercuts the devastatingly telling impact of utter loss personified in the film 's simple title
Grating
Got AIDS
to decide what annoyed me most about God is Great
seen ( a remake ) do anything as stomach-turning as the way Adam Sandler 's new movie rapes , pillages and incinerates Frank Capra 's classic
the slightest difficulty accepting him in the role
the so-bad-it 's -
the so-bad-it 's
Ahola is simply not an actor . And in truth , cruel as it may sound , he makes Arnold Schwarzenegger look like Spencer Tracy
Ahola is simply not an actor . And
Ahola is simply not an actor .
Ahola )
Ahola 's inadequate performance
Ah , yes , that would be me : fighting off the urge to doze
buy the stuff about Barris being a CIA hit man
the killer in Insomnia
of its most predictable
A predictable , manipulative stinker . The story passes time until it 's time for an absurd finale of twisted metal , fireballs and revenge .
A predictable , manipulative stinker . The story passes time until it 's time for an absurd finale of twisted metal , fireballs and revenge
A predictable , manipulative stinker . The story passes time until it 's time for an absurd finale of twisted metal ,
A predictable , manipulative stinker . The story passes time until it 's time for an absurd finale of twisted metal
A predictable , manipulative stinker .
A predictable , manipulative stinker
A potentially good comic premise and excellent cast are terribly wasted .
A preposterous , prurient whodunit .
A preposterous , prurient whodunit
neither reaches into the deepest recesses of the character to unearth the quaking essence of passion , grief and fear
neither protagonist has a distinguishable condition
neither dramatic nor comic
neither original
neither is it the Kahlo movie Frida fans have been looking for
while i ca n't say it 's on par with the first one ,
this movie is a phlegmatic bore , so tedious it makes the silly spy vs. spy film The Sum of All Fears , starring Ben Affleck , seem downright Hitchcockian .
horror and revenge
this movie strangely enough has the outdated swagger of a shameless ` 70s blaxploitation shuck-and-jive sitcom .
elbowed aside
elbowed aside by one-liners
while i ca n't say it 's on par with the first one , stuart little 2
go from stark desert
go down with a ship as leaky as this
American Beauty reeks
America 's knee-jerk moral sanctimony
upsets
loss and denial
loses what made you love it
loses some of the intensity that made her an interesting character to begin with
losing its focus , point and purpose in a mess of mixed messages , over-blown drama and Bruce Willis
losing his touch
loss and denial and life-at-arm 's -
There 's ... an underlying Old World sexism to Monday Morning that undercuts its charm
There 's ... an underlying Old World sexism to Monday Morning that undercuts its charm .
that , next to his best work , feels clumsy and convoluted
drifts aimlessly
drifts aimlessly for 90 minutes
ill-wrought hypothesis
illustrates why the whole is so often less than the sum of its parts in today 's Hollywood
the players do n't have a clue on the park .
the pitiful Insurrection
place in Pasadena , '' a city where people still read
that really does n't have much to say beyond the news
that quickly wears out its limited welcome
that provide its thrills and extreme emotions lose their luster when flattened onscreen
interest almost solely as an exercise in gorgeous visuals . That 's not vintage Spielberg
interest can not be revived .
Ray Liotta and Jason Patric do some of their best work in their underwritten roles , but do n't be fooled : Nobody deserves any prizes here .
coming-of-age cliches
betrayal , deceit and murder
maddeningly insistent and repetitive piano score
made , on all levels , that it does n't even qualify as a spoof of such
muddled and derivative that few will bother thinking it all through
It 's another retelling of Alexandre Dumas ' classic . Why ? Who knows , but
overshadowed by its predictability
overripe episode
overly-familiar and poorly-constructed comedy
overstimulated
probably the only way to have saved the film is with the aid of those wisecracking Mystery Science Theater 3000 guys
seem like they were lifted from Terry Gilliam 's subconscious , pressed through Kafka 's meat grinder and into Buñuel 's casings
? No big hairy deal .
tear your eyes away
random , superficial humour
random glass-shattering
the nicest thing I can say is that I ca n't remember a single name responsible for it
Light years \ \/ several warp speeds \ \/ levels and levels of dilithium crystals better than the pitiful Insurrection . Which is n't to say that it 's the equal of some of its predecessors .
the sheer ugliness
the sheer ugliness of everything else
All comedy is subversive , but this unrelenting bleak insistence on opting out of any opportunity for finding meaning in relationships or work just becomes sad .
All comedy is subversive , but this unrelenting bleak insistence on opting out of any opportunity for finding meaning in relationships or work just becomes sad
a therapy session
a therapy session brought to humdrum life by some Freudian puppet
a thin notion
that it lacks focus
If the first Men in Black was money , the second is small change .
that it risks monotony
that its `` dead wife communicating from beyond the grave '' framework is even remotely new or interesting
sure is getting old
sure there 's a teenage boy out there somewhere who 's dying for this kind of entertainment
sure which is worse
sure which will take longer to heal : the welt on Johnny Knoxville 's stomach from a riot-control projectile or my own tortured psyche
surely would have resulted in a smoother , more focused narrative without sacrificing any of the cultural intrigue
This Nickleby thing might have more homosexual undertones than an Eddie Murphy film .
This Nickleby thing might have more homosexual undertones than an Eddie Murphy film . And just when you think it ca n't get any more gay , in pops Nathan Lane .
Sheridan had a wonderful account to work from , but , curiously , he waters it down , turning grit and vulnerability into light reading .
it 's stuffy and pretentious in a give-me-an-Oscar kind of way
it 's so lackluster
often hackneyed or just plain crude ,
it 's the butt of its own joke
often sophomoric
outrageous dark
out-sized
has cobbled together a film that feels like a sugar high gone awry .
has done all that Heaven allows , if you wanted to make as anti-Kieslowski a pun as possible . Suffice to say its total promise is left slightly unfulfilled
has constructed a film so labyrinthine that it defeats his larger purpose
a disappointingly thin slice of lower-class London life ; despite the title ... amounts to surprisingly little
a disappointingly thin slice of lower-class London life ; despite the title ...
a disappointingly thin slice of lower-class London life ; despite the title
a disjointed , substandard fashion from one
a disjointed , substandard fashion
a disaster of a story , full of holes and completely lacking in chills . Ignore the reputation , and ignore the film
a disaster
what underdog movie since The Bad News Bears has been ?
a glorified episode
of the nincompoop Benigni persona
proceeds in such a way that you 're watching a soap opera rather than a chronicle of the ups and downs that accompany lifelong friendships .
proceeds in such a way that you 're watching a soap opera rather than a chronicle of the ups and downs that accompany lifelong friendships
processed and overproduced as it was in her music
produce something that makes Fatal Attraction look like a classic by comparison
her welcome in her most charmless performance
here 's guessing that spray cheese and underarm noises played a crucial role
here 's only so much anyone can do with a florid , overplotted , Anne Rice rock 'n' roll vampire novel before the built-in silliness of the whole affair defeats them .
Wince-inducing dialogue
Wince-inducing dialogue ,
Wince-inducing dialogue , thrift-shop costumes
Wince-inducing dialogue , thrift-shop costumes ,
Wince-inducing dialogue , thrift-shop costumes , prosthetic makeup by Silly Putty and
Windtalkers seems to have ransacked every old World War II movie for overly familiar material .
, it 's too long and unfocused .
, it 's pretty stupid .
, it 's not very interesting .
connection or identification frustratingly
game of absurd plot twists , idiotic court maneuvers and stupid characters
The story has its redundancies ,
The story has its redundancies , and
The story has its redundancies , and the young actors , not very experienced , are sometimes inexpressive
The story has its redundancies , and the young actors , not very experienced , are sometimes inexpressive .
The story is -- forgive me -- a little thin
The story is -- forgive me -- a little thin ,
The story is -- forgive me -- a little thin , and
The story is -- forgive me -- a little thin , and the filmmaking clumsy and rushed
The story is -- forgive me -- a little thin , and the filmmaking clumsy and rushed .
cliche-riddled but self-serious spy thriller
I 'm not quite sure what the point is ...
in the death penalty , not just the inherent immorality
been better
portrays , tiresomely
porno flick
por ser una parodia absolutamente predecible
populating its hackneyed and meanspirited storyline with cardboard characters and performers who value cash above credibility .
might have made a decent children 's movie -- if only Benigni had n't insisted on casting himself in the title role
might have made a decent children 's movie -- if only Benigni had n't insisted on casting himself in the title role .
might have required genuine acting from Ms . Spears
might have guessed
might keep a more general audience even vaguely interested in his bratty character
few sleepless hours
as a tolerable diversion , the film suffices ; a triumph , however , it is not
as a surprisingly anemic disappointment
Deadeningly dull , mired in convoluted melodrama , nonsensical jargon and stiff-upper-lip laboriousness .
cinematic flotsam
Giggling at the absurdities and inconsistencies
George W. Bush is an incurious , uncharismatic , overgrown frat boy with a mean streak a mile wide
be another shameless attempt by Disney
be any flatter
be another shameless attempt by Disney to rake in dough from baby boomer families
has little to do with the story
has little to do with the story ,
has flopped as surely as a soufflé gone wrong .
Jolie 's performance vanishes somewhere between her hair and her lips .
Jones helps breathe some life into the insubstantial plot , but even he is overwhelmed by predictability
, the film is just a corny examination of a young actress trying to find her way .
, the film is -- to its own detriment -- much more a cinematic collage than a polemical tract .
, the film grows as dull as its characters , about whose fate it is hard to care .
, the film is deadly dull
, the film gets added disdain for the fact that it is nearly impossible to look at or understand .
, the film goes right over the edge and kills every sense of believability
, the film gives no quarter to anyone seeking to pull a cohesive story out of its 2 1\/2 - hour running time .
Swims in mediocrity , sticking its head up for a breath of fresh air now and then .
it 's equally distasteful to watch him sing the lyrics to `` Tonight . ''
it 's also too stupid to realize that they 've already seen this exact same movie a hundred times
it 's as though clips from The Pink Panther Strikes Again and\/or Sailor Moon have been spliced in .
the worst movie
to justify its two-hour running time
the worst movie I 've seen this summer
not really know who `` they '' were , what `` they '' looked like
not life-affirming
A frustrating ` tweener ' -- too slick ,
A frustrating ` tweener ' -- too slick , contrived and exploitative for the art houses and too cynical , small and decadent for the malls .
to justify the almost two hours
It 's a long way from Orwell 's dark , intelligent warning cry ( 1984 ) to the empty stud knockabout of Equilibrium ,
It 's a long way from Orwell 's dark , intelligent warning cry ( 1984 ) to the empty stud knockabout of Equilibrium , and
It 's a long way from Orwell 's dark , intelligent warning cry ( 1984 ) to the empty stud knockabout of Equilibrium , and what once was conviction is now affectation .
It 's a hellish , numbing experience to watch , and
It 's a hellish , numbing experience to watch , and it does n't offer any insights that have n't been thoroughly debated in the media already , back in the Dahmer heyday of the mid - '90s
It 's a hellish , numbing experience to watch , and it does n't offer any insights that have n't been thoroughly debated in the media already , back in the Dahmer heyday of the mid - '90s .
It 's a long way from Orwell 's dark , intelligent warning cry ( 1984 ) to the empty stud knockabout of Equilibrium
It 's a lot to ask people to sit still for two hours and change watching such a character , especially when rendered in as flat and impassive a manner as Phoenix 's .
`` terrible
to keep from laughing at the ridiculous dialog or the oh-so convenient plot twists
is that rare combination of bad writing , bad direction and bad acting -- the trifecta of badness
is that it is one that allows him to churn out one mediocre movie after another
is that it is one that allows him to churn out one mediocre movie after another .
is that it rarely achieves its best
is that it stinks
is that it stinks .
the ending is all too predictable and far too cliched to really work
( T ) he film is never sure to make a clear point -- even if it seeks to rely on an ambiguous presentation .
the energy it takes to describe how bad it is
from many a hollywood romance
from its well-meaning clunkiness
from human impulses that grew hideously twisted
another genre exercise
graceless , hackneyed
Argentine American Beauty reeks
Are we dealing with dreams , visions or being told what actually happened as if it were the third ending of Clue ?
Are we dealing with dreams , visions or being told what actually happened as if it were the third ending of Clue
suffers from its own difficulties
sucks the blood out
Arnold is not , nor will he be , back
lack of give-a-damn
lack of a pyschological center knocks it flat
lack of know-how mixes with lack of give-a-damn
lack of know-how
lack the skills to get us to this undetermined destination
lacking in charm and charisma
lacking in charm , wit and invention
lacking in every character in this movie and , subsequently , the movie itself
lacking in chills
the tinny self-righteousness
the tinny self-righteousness of his voice
is a such a brainless flibbertigibbet that it 's hard to take her spiritual quest at all seriously .
is a such a brainless flibbertigibbet
is a such a brainless flibbertigibbet that it 's hard to take her spiritual quest at all seriously
is a total misfire
is a total misfire .
is a throwback war movie that fails on so many levels
catastrophe
into hogwash
into hokum
into an Argentine retread of `` Iris '' or `` American Beauty
to wade through
to understand why anyone in his right mind would even think to make the attraction a movie .
keening and self-mutilating
keep the plates spinning as best he can , but all the bouncing back and forth ca n't help but become a bit tedious -- even with the breathtaking landscapes and villainous varmints there to distract you from the ricocheting
heart attack
heart , his story flattens instead of sharpens
come out feeling strangely unsatisfied
come closer than anyone could desire to the cheap , graceless , hackneyed sci-fi serials of the '30s and '40s
are repeatedly undercut by the brutality of the jokes , most at women 's expense
are poorly delivered
are rolling over in their graves
are simultaneously buried , drowned and smothered in the excesses of writer-director Roger Avary
are so heavy-handed that they instead pummel the audience
are simultaneously buried , drowned and smothered in the excesses of writer-director Roger Avary .
want to spend their time in the theater thinking up grocery lists and ways to tell their kids how not to act like pinocchio . as for children , they wo n't enjoy the movie at all
want to spend their time in the theater thinking up grocery lists and ways to tell their kids how not to act like pinocchio .
idiotically uses the website feardotcom . com or the improperly hammy performance from poor Stephen Rea
idiots who do n't care what kind of sewage they shovel into their mental gullets to simulate sustenance
ideas for the inevitable future sequels ( hey , do n't shoot the messenger )
idiotic court maneuvers
idiotically
turn nasty and tragic
, at last count , numbered 52 different versions
a weak , manipulative , pencil-thin story
a weak , manipulative , pencil-thin story that is miraculously able to entertain anyway .
a weak or careless performance
a wimp
a teenybopper Ed Wood film , replete with the pubescent scandalous innuendo and
a teenybopper Ed Wood film , replete with the pubescent scandalous innuendo
a teenage boy out there somewhere who 's dying for this kind of entertainment
a tearjerker that does n't and a thriller that wo n't
romp masquerading as a thriller about the ruthless social order that governs college cliques
freewheeling trash-cinema roots
in Laramie following the murder of Matthew Shepard
in Jerry Bruckheimer 's putrid pond of retread action twaddle
Indifferently implausible popcorn
those other two recent Dumas botch-jobs
Most of the information has already appeared in one forum or another and , no matter how Broomfield dresses it up , it tends to speculation , conspiracy theories or , at best , circumstantial evidence
Indifferently implausible popcorn programmer of a movie .
Instead of accurately accounting a terrible true story
yuppie sailboaters
zzzzzzzzz
! Oh , look at that clever angle ! Wow , a jump cut !
, the update is dreary and sluggish .
If you go , pack your knitting needles .
, unmemorable filler .
, vaguely silly overkill
, untidy , condescending and mild
, unfortunately , occurs too infrequently to make the film even a guilty pleasure
, unessential sequel
assembled cliches and pabulum that plays like a 95-minute commercial for NBA properties .
assembled cliches and pabulum that plays like a 95-minute commercial for NBA properties
glib soullessness
glib sentences that could have only come from the pen of a screenwriter
gleaned from this three-hour endurance test built around an hour 's worth of actual material
I wo n't argue with anyone who calls ` Slackers ' dumb , insulting , or childish
the story together frustrating difficult
conventional ,
unsentimental comedy-drama
may not have generated many sparks
may not have generated many
a too-conscientious adaptation
A big , loud , bang-the-drum bore .
A bittersweet contemporary comedy
A big meal of cliches that the talented cast generally chokes on .
While the transgressive trappings ( especially the frank sex scenes ) ensure that the film is never dull , Rodrigues 's beast-within metaphor is ultimately rather silly and overwrought , making the ambiguous ending seem goofy rather than provocative .
While this film has an ` A ' list cast and some strong supporting players , the tale -- like its central figure , Vivi -- is just a little bit hard to love .
to comedic grand larceny
This dreadfully earnest inversion of the Concubine love triangle eschews the previous film 's historical panorama and roiling pathos for bug-eyed mugging and gay-niche condescension .
This cloying , voices-from-the-other-side story is hell .
victims of the arrogant '' if we put together a wry white man and a chatty black man and give them guns , the movie will be funny '' syndrome
plodding mess
plodding
as far as these shootings are concerned , something is rotten in the state of California
Unfortunately
Ultimately feels empty and unsatisfying , like swallowing a Communion wafer without the wine .
though Ford and Neeson capably hold our interest , but its just not a thrilling movie
though I could not stand them
though I could not stand them .
change behavior in bizarre unjustified fashion
has been much puzzlement among critics about what the election symbolizes .
trite and overused
trite
what is nothing more than two guys beating the hell outta
vicious hangover
remains a silent , lumpish cipher
back and forth ca n't help but become a bit tedious
Grant is certainly amusing , but the very hollowness of the character he plays keeps him at arms length
did they deem it necessary to document all this emotional misery ?
did n't sign a pact to burn the negative and the script and pretend the whole thing never existed
did n't smile
difficult '' movies
while there 's something intrinsically funny about sir anthony hopkins saying ` get in the car , bitch , ' this jerry bruckheimer production has little else to offer
difficult to sustain interest in his profession after the family tragedy
dig deep to sink this low
tragedies
somewhere lies ... footage that might have made No Such Thing a trenchant , ironic cultural satire instead of a frustrating misfire .
somewhat unfinished
somewhat shallow and art-conscious
somewhat problematic
, Murder by Numbers fits the profile too closely .
's surprisingly bland despite the heavy doses of weird performances and direction
's sweet , harmless , dumb , occasionally funny and about as compelling as a fishing show
's truly awful and heartbreaking subject matter
(
( although the smeary digital video does match the muddled narrative
( although the smeary digital video does match the muddled narrative )
Proof once again that if the filmmakers just follow the books
tonally uneven
tolerate Leon Barlow
Some motion pictures portray ultimate passion ; others create ultimate thrills . Men in Black II achieves ultimate insignificance --
Some motion pictures portray ultimate passion ; others create ultimate thrills . Men in Black II achieves ultimate insignificance -- it 's the sci-fi comedy spectacle as Whiffle-Ball epic
the ways in which extravagant chance can distort our perspective and throw us off the path of good sense
the way this all works out makes the women look more like stereotypical caretakers and moral teachers , instead of serious athletes .
and claustrophobic
and contradictions
Some fine acting , but ultimately a movie with no reason for being .
loses his focus when he concentrates on any single person .
lose their luster when flattened onscreen .
loose , unaccountable direction
lost U.S. satellite
loses its overall sense of mystery and becomes a TV episode rather than a documentary that you actually buy into .
loses its bite in a last-minute happy ending that 's even less plausible than the rest of the picture .
loses its bite in a last-minute happy ending that 's even less plausible than the rest of the picture
lost in the `` soon-to-be-forgettable '' section of the quirky rip-off prison romp pile
lost in the `` soon-to-be-forgettable '' section of the quirky rip-off prison
muted freak-out
were put to sleep by the movie and had a nightmare
Green is ) the comedy equivalent of Saddam Hussein , and I 'm just about ready to go to the U . N . and ask permission for a preemptive strike .
Green ruins every single scene he 's in
Grant is n't Cary and Bullock is n't Katherine .
Grant is n't Cary and Bullock is n't Katherine
Greek to anyone not predisposed to the movie 's rude and crude humor
Green Dragon seem more like medicine than entertainment
, deceit and murder
about alienated labor , or an absurdist workplace sitcom
asylum material
Evokes a palpable sense of disconnection
steal
is no real reason to see it . Wait for video -- and then do n't rent it .
is no real reason to see it . Wait for video -- and then do n't rent it
is no pleasure in watching a child suffer . Just embarrassment and a vague sense of shame .
is no pleasure in watching a child suffer . Just embarrassment and a vague sense of shame
is nonexistent .
is still top-heavy with blazing guns , cheatfully filmed martial arts , disintegrating bloodsucker computer effects and jagged camera moves that serve no other purpose than to call attention to themselves
is still top-heavy with blazing guns , cheatfully filmed martial arts , disintegrating bloodsucker computer effects and jagged camera moves that serve no other purpose than to call attention to themselves .
is straight from the Saturday morning cartoons -- a retread story , bad writing , and the same old silliness
is strictly routine
is strictly routine .
imagine entertainment to make the suckers out there surrender $ 9 and 93 minutes of unrecoverable life
imagine o . henry 's <b> the gift of the magi </b> relocated to the scuzzy underbelly of nyc 's drug scene . merry friggin ' christmas !
imagine o . henry 's <b> the gift of the magi </b> relocated to the scuzzy underbelly of nyc 's drug scene . merry friggin ' christmas
damn it !
's easier to change the sheets than to change hackneyed concepts when it comes to dreaming up romantic comedies
's equally distasteful
's equally distasteful to watch him sing the lyrics to '' Tonight
's equally distasteful to watch him sing the lyrics to '' Tonight .
's equally distasteful to watch him sing the lyrics to '' Tonight . ''
sloppy slapstick
irk
. It merely indulges in the worst elements of all of them .
. It ends up being neither , and fails at both endeavors .
, it takes what worked last time , repeats it and adds more characters , more stunts , more stuff in attempt to camouflage its sameness .
by a cinematic gymnast having too much fun embellishing the misanthropic tale to actually engage it
for evil
, it seems to lack substance
for this gory , perverted , sex-soaked riff on the cannibal genre
for the day when godard can no longer handle the rigors of filmmaking
replete with stereotypical familial quandaries
not morally bankrupt , at least terribly monotonous
not particularly scary
not one clever line of dialogue
not one clever line
not number 1
not scarier
not remotely incisive enough
trapped and
are as maudlin as any after-school special you can imagine
are as mushy as peas
are based on stock clichés
it 's '' Waking up in Reno . '' Go back to sleep .
transvestite comedy
to the most crucial lip-reading sequence
to the movie 's contrived , lame screenplay and listless direction
big mess
big loser
big problems
might want to think twice before booking passage
mild disturbance or detached pleasure
mild disturbance or detached pleasure at the acting
mild hallucinogenic buzz
mild-mannered , been-there material
into this turkey
the profoundly devastating events of one year ago and the slow , painful healing process that has followed in their wake
what it promises , just not well enough to recommend it
The Santa Clause 2 is a barely adequate babysitter for older kids , but
The Santa Clause 2 is a barely adequate babysitter for older kids ,
The Santa Clause 2 is a barely adequate babysitter for older kids
The Rules of Attraction gets us too drunk on the party favors to sober us up with the transparent attempts at moralizing .
The Rock on a Wal-Mart budget
so off-Hollywood
The Santa Clause 2 is a barely adequate babysitter for older kids , but I 've got to give it thumbs down
bad the film 's story does not live up to its style
bad-luck
bad-luck timing
badly art-directed
badly drawn
badly drawn characters that its outcome hardly matters
for unexpectedly giddy viewing
to the floor with a sickening thud
robbed of the element of surprise , it does n't have any huge laughs in its story of irresponsible cops who love to play pranks
robbed of the element of surprise
dreamed up such blatant and sickening product placement
dreadfully short
dreaded
dreamed up such blatant and sickening product placement in a movie
Family togetherness takes a back seat to inter-family rivalry and workplace ambition ... whole subplots have no explanation or even plot relevance
Weird , vulgar comedy that 's definitely an acquired taste
Weird ,
should come with the warning '' For serious film buffs only
may not be cutting-edge indie filmmaking
may not always work
may not mark Mr . Twohy 's emergence into the mainstream
Some of Seagal 's action pictures are guilty pleasures , but this one is so formulaic that it seems to be on auto-pilot .
Some of Seagal 's action pictures are guilty pleasures , but this one is so formulaic that it seems to be on auto-pilot
Some elements of it really blow the big one , but
Some elements of it really blow the big one ,
sexist
sexist or mean-spirited
rejection by one 's mother
except that the Chelsea Hotel today is populated by whiny , pathetic , starving and untalented artistes
ask , why should you buy the movie milk when the TV cow is free ?
bombing
bone-crushing screwups
bonehead
bonehead comedy
ego-destroying
believe that a life like this can sound so dull
Fairly successful at faking some pretty cool stunts but a complete failure at trying to create some pretty cool characters .
ode to bad behavior
bounces around with limp wrists , wearing tight tummy tops and hip huggers , twirling his hair on his finger and assuming that 's enough to sustain laughs
bounces around with limp wrists
bottom-of-the-bill fare
bottom-of-the-bill
bottom tier
savaged the lives and liberties of the poor and the dispossessed
Hollywood Ending is the most disappointing Woody Allen movie ever . He has a great cast and a great idea . But
It 's an effort to watch this movie ,
Rodrigues 's beast-within metaphor is ultimately rather silly and overwrought , making the ambiguous ending seem goofy rather than provocative .
It 's always disappointing when a documentary fails to live up to -- or offer any new insight into -- its chosen topic .
A gimmick in search of a movie : how to get Carvey into as many silly costumes and deliver as many silly voices as possible , plot mechanics be damned .
believe any of this
the whole central section is one big chase that seems to have no goal and no urgency . It 's just filler
a gory
a gory slash-fest
the violence
A gimmick in search of a movie : how to get Carvey into as many silly costumes and deliver as many silly voices as possible , plot mechanics be damned
leavened by a charm that 's conspicuously missing from the Girls ' big-screen blowout
leaves a bad taste in your mouth and questions
leave this loser
leave the same way you came -- a few tasty morsels under your belt , but no new friends
leave the theater with a lower I . Q . than when I had entered
postcard that is a self-glorified Martin Lawrence lovefest . If you are willing to do this , then you so crazy
still serious problem
the whiney characters bugged me
all kinds of obstacles
The trailer is a riot . The movie is a dud .
The three leads produce adequate performances , but what 's missing from this material is any depth of feeling .
The title , alone , should scare any sane person away .
The three leads produce adequate performances , but what 's missing from this material is any depth of feeling
It will come as no surprise that the movie is n't scary .
It will come as no surprise that the movie is n't scary . But
It will come as no surprise that the movie is n't scary . But here 's the real damn : It is n't funny , either
It will come as no surprise that the movie is n't scary . But here 's the real damn : It is n't funny , either .
It will come as no surprise that the movie is n't scary . But here 's the real damn
It will come as no surprise that the movie is n't scary . But here 's the real damn :
would have been benefited from a sharper , cleaner script before it went in front of the camera
waterlogged script
waters it down ,
waters it down
has already appeared in one forum or another
has all the same problems the majority of action comedies have .
has all the same problems the majority of action comedies have
has all the lyricism of a limerick scrawled in a public restroom
has all the trappings of an energetic , extreme-sports adventure , but ends up more of a creaky '' Pretty Woman '' retread , with the emphasis on self-empowering schmaltz and big-wave surfing that gives pic its title an afterthought
played-out
very basic
is make either of Val Kilmer 's two personas interesting or worth caring about
is like a year late for tapping into our reality tv obsession , and even tardier for exploiting the novelty of the `` webcast . ''
is like a year late for tapping into our reality tv obsession , and even tardier for exploiting the novelty of the `` webcast .
is like watching an Alfred Hitchcock movie after drinking twelve beers .
is little else to recommend `` Never Again
is little else
is little else to recommend `` Never Again . ''
is little else to recommend `` Never Again .
slow scenes . But something seems to be missing .
is all a little Lit Crit 101
The Other Side of Heaven `` appalling ''
The Movie is what happens when you blow up small potatoes to 10 times their natural size , and it ai n't pretty .
The Movie is what happens when you blow up small potatoes to 10 times their natural size , and it ai n't pretty
full of bad jokes , howling cliches and by-the-numbers action
full admission
full of holes and completely lacking in chills .
There 's a disreputable air about the whole thing , and
infuriatingly quirky and taken with its own style .
inhabit that special annex of hell
inhabit that special annex of hell where adults behave like kids ,
inhabit that special annex of hell where adults behave like kids
with enough negatives
with familiar situations and repetitive scenes
makes a better travelogue than movie .
more grueling and
the death penalty
it 's offensive
Pompous and garbled .
fandom
may not rival the filmmaker 's period pieces
may mistake Love Liza for an Adam Sandler Chanukah song .
barely enough to sustain an interstitial program on the Discovery Channel .
may not add up to the sum of its parts
may require so much relationship maintenance that celibacy can start looking good
untalented artistes
you 're not
by the shallow , selfish , greedy characters
by the pacing and lack of creativity
by the film 's primitive approach
by the majority of the film that shows a stationary camera on a subject that could be mistaken for giving a public oration , rather than contributing to a film 's narrative
the conversation presents the kind of linguistic fumbling not heard since Macy Gray 's game of Chinese whispers with Mr Bean .
the coolness vibes when in fact the film is n't as flippant or slick as it thinks it is
it accepts nasty behavior and severe flaws as part of the human condition
it a failure as straight drama
The images lack contrast
MTV schmucks who do n't know how to tell a story for more than four minutes
going wrong
neither as funny nor
string the bastard up
string the bastard
even Felinni would know what to make of this Italian freakshow .
essentially `` Fatal Attraction '' remade for viewers who were in diapers when the original was released in 1987 .
especially when I have to put up with 146 minutes of it
explore religion that it 's disappointing to see one reduce it to an idea that fits in a sampler .
exploitative garbage
exploits the hot-button issue of domestic abuse for cheap
exploits our substantial collective fear of nuclear holocaust to generate cheap Hollywood tension .
truly heinous crime
a summer of teen-driven , toilet-humor codswallop
with loosely connected characters and plots that never quite gel
unsavory characters and WWF mentality
muccino 's characters are less worthy
muddled
's crap on a leash -- far too polite to scale the lunatic heights of Joe Dante 's similarly styled Gremlins .
's crap on a leash -- far too polite to scale the lunatic heights of Joe Dante 's similarly styled Gremlins
that just does n't work
is a fudged opportunity of gigantic proportions -- a lunar mission with no signs of life
is a fudged opportunity of gigantic proportions -- a lunar mission with no signs of life .
hit on a 15-year old
too little happens
collapses into exactly the kind of buddy cop comedy
a confusing sudden finale
a confession to make : I did n't particularly like E . T . the first time I saw it as a young boy . That is because - damn it !
a convenient conveyor belt of brooding personalities that parade about as if they were coming back from Stock Character camp -- a drowsy drama infatuated by its own pretentious self-examination
a contest to see who can out-bad-act the other .
prompting audience members to wonder , ` what 's the point ? '
critical and commercial disaster
outside his grasp
mindless pace in collision
minimally satisfying
anguish , anger and frustration
anger and frustration
anger and
of lurid melodrama
The notion of deleting emotion from people , even in an advanced Prozac Nation
The notion of deleting emotion from people , even in an advanced Prozac Nation , is so insanely dysfunctional that the rampantly designed Equilibrium becomes a concept doofus .
The one not-so-small problem with Expecting
The one not-so-small problem with Expecting is that the entire exercise has no real point .
The only surprise
The only surprise is that heavyweights Joel Silver and Robert Zemeckis agreed to produce this
drags out
dragged down by a leaden closing act
dragged down
drag queen ,
drag on for nearly three hours
drag on
's never as solid
's neglected over the years
As the movie dragged on , I thought I heard a mysterious voice , and felt myself powerfully drawn toward the light -- the light of the exit sign .
As the movie dragged on
for pretentious arts majors
As written by Michael Berg and Michael J. Wilson from a story by Wilson , this relentless , all-wise-guys-all-the-time approach tries way too hard and gets tiring in no time at all .
for sick humor
a junior varsity Short Cuts by way of Very Bad Things
a junior varsity Short Cuts
a joke about Hawn 's breasts , which constantly threaten to upstage the woman sporting them
the film itself is small and shriveled
too overdone
silly-looking Morlocks
to the concept of loss
There are many definitions of ` time waster ' but this movie must surely be one of them .
There are deeply religious and spiritual people in this world who would argue that entering a church , synagogue or temple does n't mean you have to check your brain at the door . The same should go for movie theaters .
There are many definitions of ` time waster '
There are many definitions of ` time waster ' but
There are many definitions of ` time waster ' but this movie must surely be one of them
shares the weaknesses of both genres , more
frantic , virulent and foul-natured
frantic than involving ,
frantic than involving , more chaotic than entertaining
a year late for tapping into our reality tv obsession ,
a year late for tapping into our reality tv obsession
A Rumor of Angels does n't just slip --
a woozy quality
a woozy quality to the manner of the storytelling , which undercuts the devastatingly telling impact of utter loss personified in the film 's simple title
a world of hurt
too much syrup
With a romantic comedy plotline straight from the ages , this Cinderella story does n't have a single surprise up its sleeve .
With a `` Spy Kids '' sequel opening next week , why bother with a contemptible imitator starring a `` SNL '' has-been acting like an 8-year-old channeling Roberto Benigni ?
With `` Ichi the Killer '' , Takashi Miike , Japan 's wildest filmmaker gives us a crime fighter carrying more emotional baggage than Batman ...
With Zoe Clarke-Williams 's lackluster thriller `` New Best Friend '' , who needs enemies ?
With Zoe Clarke-Williams 's lackluster thriller `` New Best Friend '' , who needs enemies
too much like a fragment of an underdone potato
that Hollywood is n't laughing with us , folks
drama that takes itself all too seriously
drains it of the dramatic substance that would shake us in our boots ( or cinema seats )
dramatic nor
dramatic nor comic
a ` guy 's film ' in the worst sense of the expression .
a Xerox machine rather than ( writer-director ) Franc . Reyes ' word processor
a Xerox machine
a Wal-Mart budget
sleep-inducing thriller
The film 's constant mood of melancholy and its unhurried narrative are masterfully controlled . But ... in trying to capture the novel 's deeper intimate resonances , the film has -- ironically - distanced us from the characters .
sleep-inducingly slow-paced crime drama
Parents beware ; this is downright movie penance
dread encountering the most
Panic
Parents beware ; this is downright movie penance .
show Blind Date , only less
shoving them into every clichéd white-trash situation imaginable
The soupy end result
The sort of picture in which , whenever one of the characters has some serious soul searching to do , they go to a picture-perfect beach during sunset .
street gangs and turf wars in 1958 Brooklyn -- stale cliches , gratuitous violence ,
street gangs and turf wars in 1958 Brooklyn -- stale cliches , gratuitous violence , or
loss , anger , greed , jealousy , sickness and love
street gangs and turf wars in 1958 Brooklyn -- stale cliches ,
street gangs and turf wars in 1958 Brooklyn -- stale cliches , gratuitous violence
strenuous
street gangs and turf wars in 1958 Brooklyn -- stale cliches , gratuitous violence , or empty machismo
no saving the movie
did n't he just do it , instead of using bad sci-fi as window dressing ?
Star Trek : Nemesis is even more suggestive of a 65th class reunion mixer where only eight surviving members show up --
Star Trek : Nemesis is even more suggestive of a 65th class reunion mixer where only eight surviving members show up -- and
Star Trek : Nemesis is even more suggestive of a 65th class reunion mixer where only eight surviving members show up -- and there 's nothing to drink
Star Trek : Nemesis is even more suggestive of a 65th class reunion mixer where only eight surviving members show up -- and there 's nothing to drink .
Star Trek : Nemesis is even more suggestive of a 65th class reunion mixer where only eight surviving members show up
no tension -- nothing but Costner
violates the letter of Behan 's book , but missing
violence and comic-strip characters
virtually everything wrong
virtually absent
virtually no
virtually no interesting elements
It falls far short of poetry ,
It falls far short of poetry
brash and mainly unfunny
It follows the basic plot trajectory of nearly every Schwarzenegger film : Someone crosses Arnie
It falls far short of poetry , but
brainless flibbertigibbet
branched out into their own pseudo-witty copycat interpretations
) lets her radical flag fly , taking angry potshots at George W. Bush , Henry Kissinger , Larry King , et al.
) debut can be accused of being a bit undisciplined
) That sure is pathetic !
should be sent to and buried on Pluto .
should be sent to and buried on Pluto
should be required to have ushers in the theater that hand you a cup of coffee every few minutes . Like a marathon runner trying to finish a race , you need a constant influx of liquid just to get through it .
should be required to have ushers in the theater that hand you a cup of coffee every few minutes . Like a marathon runner trying to finish a race , you need a constant influx of liquid just to get through it
should be profound , and hyper-cliched where it should be sincere
The slapstick is labored , and the bigger setpieces flat
's impossible to claim that it is '' Based on a True Story '' with a straight face .
has been marshaled in the service of such a minute idea
has been lost in the translation ... another routine Hollywood frightfest in which the slack execution italicizes the absurdity of the premise
has been lost in the translation ... another routine Hollywood frightfest in which the slack execution italicizes the absurdity of the premise .
has been gathering dust on MGM 's shelf
has been , pardon the pun , sucked out and replaced by goth goofiness .
has been allowed to get wet , fuzzy and sticky
has become apparent that the franchise 's best years are long past .
has been , pardon the pun , sucked out and replaced by goth goofiness
than another big-budget bust
of the condescending stereotypes that so often plague films dealing with the mentally ill
will always be remembered for the 9-11 terrorist attacks
stolid to be funny
stomp away in disgust
This odd , distant Portuguese import more or less borrows from Bad Lieutenant and Les Vampires , and comes up with a kind of art-house gay porn film .
It gets old quickly . Watch Barbershop again if you 're in need of a Cube fix -- this is n't worth sitting through .
It gets old quickly . Watch Barbershop again if you 're in need of a Cube fix -- this is n't worth sitting through
It feels like an after-school special gussied up with some fancy special effects , and watching its rote plot points connect is about as exciting as gazing at an egg timer for 93 minutes .
It feels like an after-school special gussied up with some fancy special effects , and watching its rote plot points connect is about as exciting as gazing at an egg timer for 93 minutes
It follows the basic plot trajectory of nearly every Schwarzenegger film
It follows the basic plot trajectory of nearly every Schwarzenegger film : Someone crosses Arnie . Arnie blows things up .
It gets old quickly . Watch Barbershop again if you 're in need of a Cube fix --
It gets old quickly . Watch Barbershop again if you 're in need of a Cube fix
more substance to fill the time or some judicious editing
useful in telling the story , which is paper-thin and decidedly unoriginal
scathing
is n't much about K-19
is n't subversive so much as it is nit-picky about the hypocrisies of our time
is n't the most edgy piece of Disney animation
about nothing
is an incurious , uncharismatic , overgrown frat boy with a mean streak a mile wide .
found the movie as divided against itself
found the movie as divided against itself as the dysfunctional family it portrays
found myself finally unmoved by this film , which is immaculately produced
found myself finally unmoved by this film , which is immaculately produced and
found myself confused when it came time to get to the heart of the movie .
outside the under-10 set
think of a single good reason to see this movie , even though everyone in my group extemporaneously shouted , ` Thank you ! ' when Leguizamo finally plugged an irritating character late in the movie
the code-talk will fly right over everyone 's head
of boring
of boring talking heads , etc .
of boredom to the point of collapse , turning into a black hole of dullness , from which no interesting concept can escape
of blaxploitation flicks
of bitter old crank
mounted , exasperatingly
mount a cogent defense of the film as entertainment , or even performance art , although the movie does leave you marveling at these guys ' superhuman capacity to withstand pain
an exhausted , desiccated talent who ca n't get out of his own way
most jaded cinema audiences
most moronic
most moronic screenplays
hot air
find it diverting
the movie 's fragmentary narrative style makes piecing the story together frustrating difficult
is nothing distinguishing in a Randall Wallace film
is nothing compared to the movie 's contrived , lame screenplay and listless direction .
is nothing short of a travesty of a transvestite comedy
is nothing in it to engage children emotionally
is nothing short of a travesty of a transvestite comedy .
is of the darkest variety
is nothing special
change hackneyed concepts when it comes to dreaming up romantic comedies
change hackneyed concepts
challenging or depressing
change the channel
haunting images
haunts , horrifies ,
issue you a dog-tag and an M-16
is spiked with unintentional laughter that , unfortunately , occurs too infrequently to make the film even a guilty pleasure
is something of an impostor itself , stretching and padding its material in a blur of dead ends and distracting camera work .
is spiked with unintentional laughter that , unfortunately , occurs too infrequently to make the film even a guilty pleasure .
is stiff as a board
to look as if it were being shown on the projection television screen of a sports bar
tinny self-righteousness
to listen to extremist name-calling , regardless of whether you think kissinger was a calculating fiend or just a slippery self-promoter
to live out and carry on their parents ' anguish
to keep the plates spinning as best he can , but all the bouncing back and forth ca n't help but become a bit tedious -- even with the breathtaking landscapes and villainous varmints there to distract you from the ricocheting
to lack substance
Blade II is as estrogen-free as movies get , so you might want to leave your date behind for this one , or she 's gonna make you feel like you owe her big-time
its zeal to spread propaganda
tiresome as 9
this indie flick never found its audience , probably because it 's extremely hard to relate to any of the characters .
fail to generate any interest in an unsympathetic hero caught up in an intricate plot that while cleverly worked out , can not overcome blah characters
fail to generate any interest in an unsympathetic hero caught up in an intricate plot that while cleverly worked out , can not overcome blah characters .
fail miserably
fading faster
fading faster than 25-cent bubble gum
fades
fading
fade as the film descends into unsophisticated scare tactics and B-film thuggery .
faded like photographs from the Spanish-American War
this insipid , brutally clueless film
like Hollywood Ending . Now
the station looking for a return ticket to realism
but then fizzles like a wet stick of dynamite at the very end .
while not all transitions to adulthood are so fraught , there 's much truth and no small amount of poetry in girls ca n't swim .
while ringing cliched to hardened indie-heads
this might not seem like the proper cup of tea ,
this low
it does turn out to be a bit of a cheat in the end
listless direction
listless , witless , and
listless , witless
listless
to the cruelties experienced by Southern blacks as distilled through a Caucasian perspective
are many definitions of ` time waster '
of what 's become one of the movies ' creepiest conventions , in which the developmentally disabled
to grab us , only to keep letting go at all the wrong moments
to give the film the substance it so desperately needs
to give it thumbs down
than anyone could desire to the cheap , graceless , hackneyed sci-fi serials of the '30s and '40s
a complete waste of time
a complete shambles of a movie so sloppy , so uneven , so damn unpleasant that I ca n't believe any viewer , young or old , would have a good time here .
lost his touch , bringing off a superb performance in an admittedly middling film
ends with a story that is so far-fetched it would be impossible to believe if it were n't true
ends up sounding like satire
endless scenic shots that make 105 minutes seem twice as long
ends up falling short as a whole
endure almost unimaginable horror
For a film about two mismatched buddies , Crystal and De Niro share little screen time and even less chemistry .
For a shoot - 'em - up , Ballistic is oddly lifeless .
For all its highfalutin title and corkscrew narrative
contradictory
For all its highfalutin title and corkscrew narrative , the movie turns out to be not much more than a shaggy human tale .
consuming self-absorption
Even kids deserve better .
exactly how much is exaggeration
to the exalted tagline - there 's definite room for improvement
'll have more fun setting fire to yourself in the parking lot
, you 'd think filmmaker Simon Wells would have more reverence for the material .
, with less of Mr. Eyre 's uninspired dramatics
, why should you buy the movie milk when the TV cow is free ?
enough emotional resonance or variety of incident
reliably soul-killing as its title is nearly meaningless
'd think filmmaker Simon Wells would have more reverence for the material .
Wewannour money back , actually .
Wewannour money back , actually
What 's infuriating about Full Frontal is that it 's too close to real life to make sense .
What 's hard to understand is why anybody picked it up .
Wewannour money
Wewannour money back ,
Wewannour money back
, there remains a huge gap between the film 's creepy
Instead of contriving a climactic hero 's death for the beloved-major - character-who-shall - remain-nameless , why not invite some genuine spontaneity into the film by having the evil aliens ' laser guns actually hit something for once ?
Instead of hiding Pinocchio from critics , Miramax should have hidden it from everyone .
Instead of kicking off the intrigue and suspense and mystery of the whole thing , Hart 's War , like the St . Louis Rams in the Super Bowl , waits until after halftime to get started .
, there 's little to be learned from watching ` Comedian '
, there 's not enough intelligence , wit or innovation on the screen to attract and sustain an older crowd .
, there 's nothing remotely triumphant about this motion picture .
, there 's something creepy about this movie .
, there is almost nothing in this flat effort that will amuse or entertain them , either .
, there is n't much there here .
the story 's a little weak
the forced New Jersey lowbrow accent Uma
the story 's pathetic and the gags are puerile
the story 's pathetic and the gags are puerile .
generic sets
the flawed support structure holding Equilibrium up
the story , like ravel 's bolero ,
refuses to let Slackers be seen as just another teen movie , which means he can be forgiven for frequently pandering to fans of the gross-out comedy
are too simplistic to maintain interest
refused to gel
refuses to evaluate his own work
are too many bona fide groaners among too few laughs
good movie . good actress . but if you expect light romantic comedy , good gosh ,
are treated as docile , mostly wordless ethnographic extras .
are treated as docile , mostly wordless ethnographic extras
skimpy
skewed to ever get a hold on
sketchy material
sketchiest movie
relentlessly saccharine
complications
superficial and
, noisy and pretentious
a stiff
, my dear , I do n't give a damn , ' have never been more appropriate .
a stereotypical one of self-discovery
turned completely and irrevocably bizarre to the point of utter nonsense
is deliberately unsettling
ripping people off without ever letting them consciously know you have done so
sort the bad guys from the good , which is its essential problem
turned it instead into a somber chamber drama
to hang broad , mildly fleshed-out characters that seem to have been conjured up only 10 minutes prior to filming
the same illogical things
Throw Smoochy from the train !
little more than another platter of reheated Aliens
of familial jealousy and unrepentant domestic psychopathy
turned me ( horrors ! ) into Scrooge
A soap-opera quality twist in the last 20 minutes ... almost puts the kibosh on what is otherwise a sumptuous work of B-movie imagination .
needed a touch of the flamboyant , the outrageous
need to try very hard
need to reap more rewards than spiffy bluescreen technique and stylish weaponry
need to adhere more closely to the laws of laughter
needed more emphasis
of redundancy and unsuccessful crudeness accompanying it
of retread action twaddle
with the misfortune of being released a few decades too late
merely pretentious -- in a grisly sort of way
merely pretentious --
merely pretentious
mess ...
film that suffers because of its many excesses .
film that suffers because of its many excesses
his grave , along with my stomach
had a lot of problems with this movie
had a brain his ordeal would be over in five minutes but instead the plot
hackneyed story
because they 're clueless and inept
of the goth-vampire , tortured woe-is-me lifestyle
of the gross-out comedy
because there 's not an original character , siuation or joke in the entire movie
because the consciously dumbed-down approach wears thin
because this movie makes his own look much better by comparison
static , stilted
the light of the exit sign
the level that one enjoys a bad slasher flick
the lesson in repugnance
the lesson , in the end , is nothing new .
presuppose religious bigotry
pretentious dialogue
The premise for this kegger comedy probably sounded brilliant four six-packs and a pitcher of margaritas in , but the film must have been written ... in the thrall of a vicious hangover
The premise for this kegger comedy probably sounded brilliant four six-packs and a pitcher of margaritas in , but the film must have been written ... in the thrall of a vicious hangover .
The premise is in extremely bad taste
subtlety has never been his trademark
subtle direction
to avoid being recognized as the man who bilked unsuspecting moviegoers
to attempt to pass this stinker off as a scary movie
will find little of interest in this film , which is often preachy and poorly acted .
are the uneven performances by the cast members , who seem bound and determined to duplicate Bela Lugosi 's now-cliched vampire accent
are the uneven performances by the cast members , who seem bound and determined to duplicate Bela Lugosi 's now-cliched vampire accent .
its chicken heart
are the kiss of death in this bitter Italian comedy
to barely feature length
make J . K . Rowling 's marvelous series into a deadly bore
make 105 minutes seem twice as long
sweet home alabama is n't going to win any academy awards
sweet home alabama is n't going to win any academy awards ,
of its rough-around-the-edges , low-budget constraints
smugly
smeary
the cadence of a depressed fifteen-year-old 's suicidal poetry
the canon of Chan . Make Chan 's action sequences boring
the carnage that claims so many lives around her
sloppy
all its fusty squareness
all in a plot as musty as one of the Golden Eagle 's carpets
all it amounts to is a mildly funny , sometimes tedious , ultimately insignificant film
how quickly it faded from my memory
the preposterous
the pool drowned me in boredom .
the pool drowned me in boredom
, schmaltzy and predictable , but still manages to be kind of heartwarming , nonetheless . It 's the perfect kind of film to see when you do n't want to use your brain . At all .
a pure comedy with absolutely no meaning , and no desire
a risk if you choose to see it
this kind of material is more effective on stage . It 's not a motion picture
the movie 's wildly careening tone and an extremely flat lead performance
the movie 's wildly careening tone and an extremely flat lead performance do little to salvage this filmmaker 's flailing reputation .
the movie , as opposed to the manifesto , is really , really stupid .
abundance of hackneyed dialogue and more silly satanic business
abundance of hackneyed dialogue and more silly
abundance of hackneyed dialogue and
abundance of hackneyed dialogue
In all , this is a watchable movie that 's not quite the memorable experience it might have been .
schticky Chris Rock and stolid Anthony Hopkins , who seem barely in the same movie
thoroughly unpleasant
-- not the first , by the way --
passive-aggressive
of three episodes of a rejected TV show
-- sometimes tedious --
of throwaway one-liners , not-quite jokes , and a determined TV amiability
more annoying , though less angry
monstrous
more annoying
more annoying ,
more annoying , though
Moonlight Mile does n't quite go the distance
Moonlight Mile does n't quite go the distance but
Moore 's ) better at fingering problems than finding solutions .
're left with a story that tries to grab us , only to keep letting go at all the wrong moments
're left with a sour taste in your mouth
're left with a story that tries to grab us , only to keep letting go at all the wrong moments .
The film is all a little Lit Crit 101
happens when lack of know-how mixes with lack of give-a-damn
like the filmed reading of a script in need of polishing
happens as because she was captured by this movie when she obviously belongs in something lighter and sunnier
overblown in its plotting , hackneyed in its dialogue and anachronistic in its style
overladen
kicks off with an inauspicious premise , mopes through a dreary tract of virtually plotless meanderings and
kicks off with an inauspicious premise , mopes through a dreary tract of virtually plotless meanderings
the problem with antwone fisher
kicks off with an inauspicious premise , mopes through a dreary tract of virtually plotless meanderings and then ends with a whimper .
Crazy as Hell does n't even have a great ending
Craven endorses They simply because this movie makes his own look much better by comparison
Coupling disgracefully written dialogue with flailing bodily movements that substitute for acting , Circuit is the awkwardly paced soap opera-ish story .
Coupling disgracefully written dialogue with flailing bodily movements that substitute for acting
Credibility levels are low
creeping into the second half
Glover really does n't fit the part
Glib , satirical documentary that fudges facts ,
Glib , satirical documentary that fudges facts , makes facile points and engages in the cinematic equivalent of tabloid journalism .
creeping
creeping in others
A simple , sometimes maddeningly slow film that has just enough charm and good acting to make it interesting , but is ultimately pulled under by the pacing and lack of creativity within .
A simple , sometimes maddeningly slow film
A silly , self-indulgent film about a silly , self-indulgent filmmaker .
A slight and obvious effort , even for one whose target demographic is likely still in the single digits ,
A slight and obvious effort , even for one whose target demographic is likely still in the single digits
A soggy , cliche-bound epic-horror yarn
, sitting through Dahmer 's two hours amounts to little more than punishment .
, sexist
, slapdash disaster .
, slow scenes
, sketchy characters and immature provocations can fully succeed at cheapening it .
and flat-out farce
and hellish conditions
more recyclable than significant
the movie bogs down in insignificance , saying nothing about Kennedy 's assassination and revealing nothing about the pathology it pretends to investigate .
more repetition than creativity
the movie as a whole is cheap junk and an insult to their death-defying efforts
meandering , inarticulate and ultimately disappointing
meandering , inarticulate and ultimately disappointing film
meandering sketch inspired by the works of John Waters and Todd Solondz , rather than a fully developed story
meaningless downer
meaningless prattle
means she must be a failure at life , because she 's driven by ambition and Does n't Know How to Have Fun
contrived , nonsensical and formulaic
contrived and exploitative for the art houses and too cynical , small and decadent for the malls
contrived and exploitative for the art houses and too cynical , small and decadent for the malls .
tough to be startled when you 're almost dozing
tough to take as long as you 've paid a matinee price
tough to tell which is in more abundant supply in this woefully hackneyed movie , directed by Scott Kalvert , about street gangs and turf wars in 1958 Brooklyn -- stale cliches , gratuitous violence , or empty machismo
touts his drug as being 51 times stronger than coke . If you 're looking for a tale of Brits behaving badly , watch Snatch again . It 's 51 times better than this
` difficult
` difficult '
` it 's painful to watch witherspoon 's talents wasting away inside unnecessary films like legally blonde and sweet home abomination , i mean , alabama
A superfluous sequel ... plagued by that old familiar feeling of ` let 's get this thing over with ' : Everyone has shown up at the appointed time and place , but
A superfluous sequel ... plagued by that old familiar feeling of ` let 's get this thing over with ' : Everyone has shown up at the appointed time and place ,
A sustained fest of self-congratulation between actor and director that leaves scant place for the viewer .
A supernatural mystery that does n't know whether it wants to be a suspenseful horror movie or a weepy melodrama . It ends up being neither , and fails at both endeavors .
A supernatural mystery that does n't know whether it wants to be a suspenseful horror movie or a weepy melodrama
, the film would be a total washout .
, the film suffers from a simplistic narrative and a pat , fairy-tale conclusion .
, the film makes it seem , is not a hobby that attracts the young and fit . Or intelligent .
they need it to sell us on this twisted love story
a dead-end existence
If you go into the theater expecting a scary , action-packed chiller , you might soon be looking for a sign . An EXIT sign , that is .
action twaddle
a great premise but only a great premise
dangerous and domineering
coarseness and banality
Its weighty themes are too grave for youngsters ,
while that is a cliche
which may not be cutting-edge indie filmmaking
while Said attempts to wear down possible pupils through repetition
you 're desperate for the evening to end .
you 'll want to crawl up your own \*\*\* in embarrassment
a year late
aboul `` Full Frontal '' seems , well , contrived
A straight-ahead thriller that never rises above superficiality .
even though I could not stand them .
need comforting fantasies about mental illness
Hollywood is sordid and disgusting . Quelle surprise !
resolutely unamusing
resolutely unamusing ,
wear down possible pupils
wear down
weak on detail and
weak on detail
weak claims
weak script
weak payoff
the overpraised Elizabeth
the near-disaster
Less a heartfelt appeal for the handicapped than a nice Belgian waffle
Less about Shakespeare than the spawn of fools who saw Quentin Tarantino 's handful of raucous gangster films and branched out into their own pseudo-witty copycat interpretations
Less funny
Less funny than it should be and
simply intrusive
predictably
What was subtle and mystifying in the novella is now broad and farcical .
most repugnant adaptation
most viewers will wish there had been more of the `` Queen '' and less of the `` Damned . ''
emerges as a surprisingly anemic disappointment
emotional blandness
call it ABC Kiarostami . For AIDS and Africa are nothing more than part of the scenery
call The Other Side of Heaven '' appalling ''
calculated to cash in on the popularity of its stars
caliber and the message of providing solace through deception is a little creepy
it ends by blowing just about everything up
it dull , lifeless , and irritating
it does not achieve the kind of dramatic unity that transports you .
take centre screen , so that the human story is pushed to one side
take a reality check before you pay the full ticket price to see `` Simone , '' and consider a DVD rental instead
it quickly enters the pantheon of wreckage that includes Battlefield Earth and Showgirls
it pushes its agenda too forcefully
exasperating blandness
discouraging
dismiss
difficulties
From the opening scenes , it 's clear that All About the Benjamins is a totally formulaic movie .
Painful to watch , but
jackasses for jackasses
jackasses
itself is uninteresting , and the songs are painfully undistinguished : They Might Be Giants ' So to Be One of Us may be the most tuneless tune
itself is uninteresting , and the songs are painfully undistinguished : They Might Be Giants ' So
itself to be a sudsy tub of supernatural hokum , not even Ms .
with glitches casual fans could correct in their sleep
Narc
Narc may not get an ` A ' for originality
Nemesis
had to look away
had too much spitting for me to enjoy
had more glamour than clamor ? No more
Made with no discernible craft and monstrously sanctimonious in dealing with childhood loss .
Madonna still ca n't act a lick .
Pumpkin sits in a patch somewhere between mirthless Todd Solondzian satire and callow student film .
Pumpkin is far more offensive than it is funny
to the canon of Chan . Make Chan 's action sequences boring
to the empty stud knockabout of Equilibrium
to the endlessly repetitive scenes of embarrassment
're merely signposts marking the slow , lingering death of imagination .
're most likely to find on the next inevitable incarnation of The Love Boat
're merely signposts marking the slow , lingering death of imagination
're not interested in discretion in your entertainment choices
muy loco
musty as one of the Golden Eagle 's carpets
mutates into a gross-out monster movie with effects that are more silly than scary
muting
mutates into a gross-out monster movie with effects that are more silly than scary .
muttering words like '' horrible ''
The bottom line , at least in my opinion , is Imposter makes a better short story than it does a film .
The best you can say about it is it 's so uninspired
The best you can say about it is it 's so uninspired , it barely gives one pause when considering some of the other dreck out there right now .
commands interest almost solely as an exercise in gorgeous visuals . That 's not vintage Spielberg and that , finally , is minimally satisfying
the dull effects
cruel as it may sound
crowd , people who enjoy mindless action without the benefit of decent acting , writing , and direction
crude '70s throwback
, however , the film comes perilously close to being too bleak , too pessimistic and too unflinching for its own good .
brain strain
overly complicated
overly complicated and
overly complicated and derivative
overly sentimental
overwhelming
overwhelming waste
like scrubbing the toilet
could n't come up with a better script .
the dullest science fiction
the duration of the film 's shooting schedule waiting to scream
forgets
forgettable .
forgets to make it entertaining
forgettable film
. Dick
off-puttingly
off track in its final half hour
off your must-see list
off the wall
off-puttingly cold
clever sight gags scattered about , but not enough to make this anything more than another big-budget bust
clearly hopes to camouflage how bad his movie is .
the hypocrisy of political correctness
try too hard to be mythic
This is n't my favorite in the series , still
This is pretty dicey material .
misery
A cumbersome and cliche-ridden movie greased with every emotional device known to man .
A disappointment for those who love alternate versions of the Bard , particularly ones that involve deep fryers and hamburgers
A disappointment for those who love alternate versions of the Bard , particularly ones that involve deep fryers and hamburgers .
, it 's a conundrum not worth solving .
, it 's a real shame that so much of the movie -- again , as in The Animal -- is a slapdash mess .
, it 's a pretty listless collection of kid-movie clichés .
, it 's an unhappy situation all around .
, it 's all surprisingly predictable .
, it 's because there 's no discernible feeling beneath the chest hair
, it 's badder than bad .
, it 's hard to shake the feeling that it was intended to be a different kind of film .
, it 's exploitive without being insightful .
're not nearly moved to tears by a couple of scenes
're not into the Pokemon franchise , this fourth animated movie in four years wo n't convert you -- or even keep your eyes open .
The plot is paper-thin
're not sure if you should applaud or look into having him committed
The plot is paper-thin and the characters are n't interesting enough to watch them go about their daily activities for two whole hours
The plot 's contrivances are uncomfortably strained .
When the screenwriter responsible for one of the worst movies of one year directs an equally miserable film the following year
the murder
When the casting call for this movie went out , it must have read ` seeking anyone with acting ambition but no sense of pride or shame . '
When it comes to the battle of Hollywood vs . Woo , it looks like Woo 's a P . O . W .
consigned to the dustbin of history
getting there is not even half the interest
Shyamalan should stop trying to please his mom .
gets way too mushy -- and in a relatively short amount of time .
getting in its own way to be anything but frustrating , boring , and forgettable
getting all excited about a chocolate eclair and then biting into it and finding the filling missing
80 minutes of these shenanigans exhausting
75 wasted minutes of Sandler as the voice-over hero in Columbia Pictures ' perverse idea of an animated holiday movie
would do better elsewhere
romped up and down the aisles for bathroom breaks
of a brutal mid
staggeringly unoriginal terms
Whether Kiss is a future cult classic or destined to be completely forgotten
's soulful and unslick
only a depiction of pain , today 's version of Greek tragedy , the talk-show guest decrying her fate
Knockaround Guys plays like a student film by two guys who desperately want to be Quentin Tarantino when they grow up . But
Knockaround Guys plays like a student film by two guys who desperately want to be Quentin Tarantino when they grow up . But they lack their idol 's energy and passion for detail .
Koepp 's screenplay is n't nearly surprising or clever enough to sustain a reasonable degree of suspense on its own .
Unfolds with such a wallop of you-are-there immediacy that when the bullets start to fly , your first instinct is to duck
Unfolds as one of the most politically audacious films of recent decades from any country , but especially from France
as nudity , profanity and violence
as only occasionally satirical and never fresh
walking out halfway through
... a hollow joke
... a hollow joke told by a cinematic gymnast having too much fun embellishing the misanthropic tale to actually engage it
... a hollow joke told by a cinematic gymnast having too much fun embellishing the misanthropic tale to actually engage it .
An annoying orgy of excess and exploitation that has no point and goes nowhere .
An annoying orgy of excess and exploitation
An annoying orgy of excess and exploitation that has no point and goes nowhere
An annoying orgy
that its story just is n't worth telling
Animated drivel meant to enhance the self-image of drooling idiots .
Not the Great American Comedy
the melodramatic aspects start to overtake the comedy
Return to Never Land is much more P . C . than the original version ( no more racist portraits of Indians , for instance ) , but the excitement is missing
( Hawn 's character ) is so bluntly written , without a trace of sentimentality , and so blisteringly defined , that every other character seems overlooked and underwritten
in this wildly uneven movie
in this woefully hackneyed movie , directed by Scott Kalvert , about street gangs and turf wars in 1958 Brooklyn -- stale cliches , gratuitous violence , or empty machismo
in this pretentious mess
in this jumbled mess
in this forgettable effort
does Steven Seagal come across these days ?
docu-Dogma plainness
do you make a movie with depth about a man who lacked any
is that its own action is n't very effective .
is that it progresses in such a low-key manner that it risks monotony
is that it lacks focus
attempts to be grandiloquent , but
attempts to be grandiloquent , but ends up merely pretentious -- in a grisly sort of way
attempts to be grandiloquent , but ends up merely pretentious -- in a grisly sort of way .
of the grieving process
admittedly limited
like a mere excuse for the wan , thinly sketched story
say its total promise is left slightly unfulfilled
say Tykwer has done all that Heaven allows , if you wanted to make as anti-Kieslowski a pun as possible . Suffice to say its total promise is left slightly unfulfilled
comes off as a two-way time-switching myopic mystery that stalls in its lackluster gear of emotional blandness
comes off as only occasionally satirical and never fresh
comes across as clinical , detached , uninvolving ,
comes across as clinical , detached , uninvolving , possibly prompting audience members to wonder , ` what 's the point ? '
Reno ) lets her radical flag fly , taking angry potshots at George W. Bush , Henry Kissinger , Larry King , et al.
Remember when Bond had more glamour than clamor ?
Report card : Does n't live up to the exalted tagline -
Report card : Does n't live up to the exalted tagline
Replacing John Carpenter 's stylish tracking shots is degraded , handheld Blair Witch video-cam footage .
Mr . Wollter and Ms . Seldhal give strong and convincing performances , but neither reaches into the deepest recesses of the character to unearth the quaking essence of passion , grief and fear
watchable yet hardly memorable .
watch them clumsily mugging their way through Snow Dogs
watch performing in a film that is only mildly diverting
ca n't quite maintain its initial momentum
The film is a contrivance , as artificial as the video games Japanese teens play in a nightclub sequence ,
The film is a contrivance , as artificial as the video games Japanese teens play in a nightclub sequence , but
but Morvern Callar grows less compelling the farther it meanders from its shocking start .
bust
has the outdated swagger of a shameless ` 70s blaxploitation shuck-and-jive sitcom .
has the outdated swagger of a shameless ` 70s blaxploitation shuck-and-jive sitcom
, that 's a bad sign .
, that 'll be much funnier than anything in the film ...
no doubt , it 's the worst movie I 've seen this summer
Has the marks of a septuagenarian ; it 's a crusty treatment of a clever gimmick
Has the marks of a septuagenarian ;
Has the disjointed feel of a bunch of strung-together TV episodes .
Has not so much been written as assembled , Frankenstein-like , out of other , marginally better shoot-em-ups
was Chen Kaige 's assistant for years in China . He has not learnt that storytelling is what the movies are about .
Hate
Hate .
Lacking gravitas , MacDowell is a placeholder for grief , and ergo this sloppy drama is an empty vessel
Lacking gravitas , MacDowell is a placeholder for grief , and ergo this sloppy drama is an empty vessel .
Lacks depth .
Lacks the inspiration of the original
Lacks the inspiration of the original and
Lacks the inspiration of the original and has a bloated plot that stretches the running time about 10 minutes past a child 's interest and an adult 's patience
through the B . S . giving a big middle-fingered '' shut up '' to those who talk up what is nothing more than two guys beating the hell outta one another
troubling interpretation
the same damn moldy values the material has always held dear
the entire exercise has no real point
intellectually and logistically a mess .
go but down
go before it reaches the level of crudity in the latest Austin Powers extravaganza
go back and choose to skip it
go at all the wrong moments
a second assassin shot Kennedy ? Moot point .
a seemingly brainless
a sequel you can refuse
a self-congratulatory 3D IMAX rah-rah
a series of beginnings and middles that never take off
Forgettable
Forgettable horror
Forgettable horror --
Forgettable horror -- more gory than psychological -- with a highly satisfying quotient of Friday-night excitement and Milla power
's low on both suspense and payoff
's meandering , low on energy , and too eager
's lost the politics and the social observation and become just another situation romance about a couple of saps stuck in an inarticulate screenplay
's lost the politics and the social observation and become just another situation romance about a couple of saps stuck in an inarticulate screenplay .
's meandering , low on energy , and too eager to be quirky at moments
's meandering , low on energy , and too eager to be quirky at moments when a little old-fashioned storytelling would come in handy
this movie for ?
this movie directionless
this movie for ? Not kids , who do n't need the lesson in repugnance . It 's also not smart or barbed enough for older viewers
this movie is careless and unfocused .
we just do n't really care too much about this love story . in that setting , their struggle is simply too ludicrous and borderline insulting
we just do n't really care too much about this love story . in that setting , their struggle
we have poignancy jostling against farce , thoughtful dialogue elbowed aside by one-liners , and a visual style that incorporates rotoscope animation for no apparent reason except , maybe , that it looks neat .
we just do n't really care too much about this love story . in that setting ,
we just do n't really care too much about this love story . in that setting
we did n't get more re-creations of all those famous moments from the show
we have poignancy jostling against farce , thoughtful dialogue elbowed aside by one-liners , and a visual style that incorporates rotoscope animation for no apparent reason except , maybe , that it looks neat
spends too much time
a ` B ' for boring
typical Bond knock-offs
have a lock on the title of ugliest movie of the year
have all but ruined his career
that is ultimately suspiciously familiar
a bit smug
a glorified sitcom , and
a bit smug and repetitive
Parker probably thinks he 's shaking up a classic the way Kenneth Branagh and Baz Luhrmann have
The wonderful combination of the sweetness and the extraordinary technical accomplishments of the first film are maintained , but its overall impact falls a little flat with a storyline that never quite delivers the original magic
For the most part Wilde 's droll whimsy helps '' Being Earnest '' overcome its weaknesses and Parker 's creative interference
better luck
nearly 21\/2 hours of unfocused , excruciatingly tedious cinema
blow the big one
blow $ 100 million on this
flatly
flat run
flat effort
flat champagne
flat , plodding picture
flashbulb editing as cover for the absence of narrative continuity
quickly snowballs out of control , while focusing on the what much more than the why
playing the wooden boy Pinocchio is scary enough
playing like General Hospital crossed with a Saturday Night Live spoof of Dog Day Afternoon
one never
one of the hapless victims of the arrogant '' if we put together a wry white man and a chatty black man and give them guns , the movie will be funny '' syndrome
plays Giovanni , a psychiatrist who predictably finds it difficult to sustain interest in his profession after the family tragedy . Too predictably , in fact .
to a chase flick that detracts from its ending
Still , it just sits there like a side dish no one ordered .
plays it straight , turning Leys ' fable into a listless climb down the social ladder
allows the film to drag on for nearly three hours
mischief
miss About A Boy
miscast leading lady
mind whether you buy the stuff about Barris being a CIA hit man .
channeling Kathy Baker 's creepy turn as the repressed mother on Boston Public just as much as 8 Women 's Augustine
while gifting the most sympathetic male of the piece with a nice vomit bath at his wedding
dulled your senses faster and deeper
dulled your senses
dullard
dull procession
dumb and cheesy
dumb and
dullest science fiction
dulled your senses faster and deeper than any recreational drug on the market
dumb and derivative horror
to a joke about Hawn 's breasts , which constantly threaten to upstage the woman sporting them
's getting harder and harder to ignore the fact that Hollywood is n't laughing with us , folks
's getting harder and harder to ignore the fact that Hollywood is n't laughing with us , folks .
Denis ' ) story becomes a hopeless , unsatisfying muddle
Demme gets a lot of flavor and spice into his Charade remake , but he ca n't disguise that he 's spiffing up leftovers that are n't so substantial or fresh .
Demme gets a lot of flavor and spice into his Charade remake , but he ca n't disguise that he 's spiffing up leftovers that are n't so substantial or fresh
Depressingly
tiresome
clever but veers into overkill
sinks .
Not good enough
Not exaggerated enough to be a parody of gross-out flicks , college flicks , or even flicks in general
cutting and blurry
Not just unlikable . Disturbing . Disgusting .
cynical creeps
cynicism every bit
Not once in the rush to save the day did I become very involved in the proceedings ; to me
you could restage the whole thing in your bathtub .
Hitler
the story is too steeped in fairy tales and other childish things to appeal much to teenagers
miniscule
chafing
, infantile , redundant , sloppy , over-the-top ,
, incoherent , instantly disposable
, inconsistent , dishonest
, indescribably bad movie
and `` terrible
, instantly disposable
a lousy movie that 's not merely unwatchable , but also unlistenable .
a lousy movie that 's not merely unwatchable , but also unlistenable
a lousy
a lousy movie that 's not merely unwatchable , but also
a lousy movie
sit near the back
In other words , it 's badder than bad .
cinema 's inability to stand in for true , lived experience
selecting interview subjects who will construct a portrait of Castro so predominantly charitable it can only be seen as propaganda
seizing on George 's haplessness and Lucy 's personality tics
the kind of soft-core twaddle
the kind that pretends to be passionate and truthful but is really frustratingly timid and soggy
the labyrinthine ways
the lack-of-attention span
poking their genitals into fruit pies
starts out bizarre
comes the first lousy Guy Ritchie imitation
starts out bizarre and just
a glorified sitcom , and a long , unfunny one at that
stuck to Betty Fisher and left out the other stories
suffers from a bad case of arrested development
suffers because of its many excesses
suffer the same fate
Shame on writer\/director Vicente Aranda for making a florid biopic about mad queens , obsessive relationships , and rampant adultery so dull .
suffers from a lack of humor ( something needed to balance out the violence ) ...
suffers from a lack of humor ( something needed to balance out the violence )
suffers from a bad case of arrested development .
when half the so-called real movies are little more than live-action cartoons
when cartoons were cinema 's most idiosyncratic form instead of one of its most predictable
have been titled Generic Jennifer Lopez Romantic Comedy
have been this odd , inexplicable and unpleasant .
have been this odd , inexplicable and unpleasant
is not one of the movies you 'd want to watch if you only had a week to live .
is not one of them
is not even half the interest
is not that it 's offensive , but that it 's boring
is not that it 's offensive , but that it 's boring .
targeted to the tiniest segment of an already obscure demographic .
tasteless and
tastelessness and
tastelessness and gall
is no earthly reason other than money why this distinguished actor would stoop so low
same damn moldy values
it 's become almost redundant to say so
casual fans could correct in their sleep
inadvertent ones
inadequately
makes it a failure as straight drama
makes it a failure as straight drama .
inane images keep popping past your head
A terrible movie
A terrible movie that some people
The most offensive thing about the movie
the film should instead be called ` My Husband Is Travis Bickle '
The most offensive thing about the movie is that Hollywood expects people to pay to see it .
clich
cliches and
cliches and pat storytelling
cliches and pat
ca n't stand
caffeinated , sloppy
against this natural grain
This self-infatuated goofball is far from the only thing wrong with the clumsy comedy Stealing Harvard
This piece of Channel 5 grade trash is , quite frankly , an insult to the intelligence of the true genre enthusiast .
This piece of Channel 5 grade trash
This picture is mostly a lump of run-of-the-mill profanity sprinkled with a few remarks so geared toward engendering audience sympathy that you might think he was running for office -- or trying to win over a probation officer .
This re-do is so dumb and so exploitative in its violence that , ironically , it becomes everything that the rather clumsy original was railing against .
another stale , kill-by-numbers flick ,
another stale , kill-by-numbers flick , complete with blade-thin characters and terrible , pun-laden dialogue
another video movie photographed like a film , with the bad lighting that 's often written off as indie film naturalism
anti-Darwinian
, the movie is rather choppy .
if only because it accepts nasty behavior and severe flaws as part of the human condition
if the suspense never rises to a higher level
what mostly resembles a real-life , big-budget NC-17 version of Tank Girl
what is otherwise a cliche-riddled but self-serious spy thriller
about The Santa Clause 2 , purportedly a children 's movie ,
not in order to excuse him but rather to demonstrate that his pathology evolved from human impulses that grew hideously twisted
not just the full assault of reno 's immense wit and insight ,
not just unlikable . disturbing . disgusting . without any redeeming
not just unlikable .
can not mount a cogent defense of the film as entertainment , or even performance art , although the movie does leave you marveling at these guys ' superhuman capacity to withstand pain
can just follow the same blueprint from hundreds of other films , sell it to the highest bidder and walk away without anyone truly knowing your identity
can just follow the same blueprint from hundreds of other films , sell it to the highest bidder and walk away without anyone truly knowing your identity .
can make people act weird
can hear you snore
untidy
at arm 's length . Guided more by intellect than heart , his story flattens instead of sharpens
at best and mind-destroying cinematic pollution
at an all time low
get for a buck or so in that greasy little vidgame pit in the theater lobby
get him a few laughs but nothing else
get an ugly , mean-spirited lashing out by an adult who 's apparently been forced by his kids to watch too many Barney videos .
get back to your car in the parking lot
get into the history books before he croaks
Aggressive self-glorification and a manipulative whitewash . Stay
-- sadly -- dull
focuses too much on Max when he should be filling the screen with this tortured , dull artist and monster-in-the
just kind of sits there and lets you look at this and its like you 're going from one room to the next and none of them have any relation to the other
just kind of sits there and
just kind of sits there
tried to read the time on my watch
how bad it is
deteriorating
their shortage dilutes the potency of otherwise respectable action
against his oppressive , right-wing , propriety-obsessed family
desperate
despite the long running time
-- the real issues tucked between the silly and crude storyline
unsophisticated scare tactics and B-film thuggery
The explosion essentially ruined -- or , rather , overpowered --
The exclamation point seems to be the only bit of glee you 'll find in this dreary mess .
The exclamation point seems to be the only bit of glee
The ethos of the Chelsea Hotel may shape Hawke 's artistic aspirations , but he has n't yet coordinated his own DV poetry with the Beat he hears in his soul .
The explosion essentially ruined -- or , rather , overpowered
The exploitative
unsophisticated scare tactics and
the story 's undeniably hard to follow
unsuspenseful
on a land most Westerners are unfamiliar with
much bad
` Hungry-Man portions of bad '
A ragbag of cliches .
fails to unlock the full potential of what is in many ways a fresh and dramatically substantial spin on the genre
fails to put the struggle into meaningful historical context
faint of heart or conservative of spirit
look more like stereotypical caretakers and moral teachers , instead of serious athletes
through CHARLIE completely unaware she needs to show some presence and star quality
A Rumor of Angels reveals itself to be a sudsy tub of supernatural hokum , not even Ms .
might I suggest that the wayward wooden one end it all by stuffing himself into an electric pencil sharpener ?
A TV episode inflated past its natural length .
A TV style murder mystery with a few big screen moments ( including one that seems to be made for a different film altogether )
A TV style murder mystery with a few big screen moments ( including one that seems to be made for a different film altogether ) .
Degenerates
Degenerates into hogwash .
are flat
are generating about as much chemistry as an Iraqi factory poised to receive a UN inspector
reveals how bad an actress she is
of the crap
of the eccentric and the strange . The fact that it is n't very good
general audiences might not come away with a greater knowledge of the facts of Cuban music
despite several attempts at lengthy dialogue scenes
despite the mild hallucinogenic buzz , is of overwhelming waste
despite the efforts of a first-rate cast
who resembles Sly Stallone in a hot sake half-sleep
without following up on a deeper level
the all-too-familiar dramatic arc of the Holocaust escape story
the anguish
the amateurish
the annoyance
the anguish that can develop when one mulls leaving the familiar to traverse uncharted ground
winds up moving in many directions as it searches ( vainly , I think ) for something fresh to say
winds up mired in tear-drenched quicksand .
freshman fluke
unfunny movie
's also not very good . Especially compared with the television series that inspired the movie
without its pleasures
To get at the root psychology of this film would require many sessions on the couch of Dr. Freud .
To some eyes this will seem like a recycling of clichés , an assassin 's greatest hits .
To the civilized mind , a movie like Ballistic : Ecks Vs. Sever is more of an ordeal than an amusement .
The movie 's something-borrowed construction feels less the product of loving , well integrated homage and more like a mere excuse for the wan , thinly sketched story . Killing time , that 's all that 's going on here .
to mention inappropriate and wildly undeserved
to mention dragged down by a leaden closing act
A '' black Austin Powers ? '' I prefer to think of it as '' Pootie Tang with a budget . '' Sa da TAY
Saddled with an unwieldy cast of characters and angles
Saddled
Sad to say --
Sad to say
under our skin
seriously dumb characters ,
seriously dumb characters
sermonizing
seriously dumb characters , which somewhat dilutes the pleasure of watching them
sermonizing and lifeless paean
served an eviction notice at every theater stuck with it
delves into the passive-aggressive psychology of co-dependence and the struggle for self-esteem .
Presents nothing special and , until the final act , nothing overtly disagreeable .
Presents nothing special and , until the final act , nothing
Presents nothing special and , until the final act , nothing overtly disagreeable
Presents a good case while failing to provide a reason for us to care beyond the very basic dictums of human decency
Now , if it only had a brain .
Press the delete key
Press the delete key .
How many more voyages can this limping but dearly-loved franchise survive ? '
It 's hard to say who might enjoy this , are there Tolstoy groupies out there ?
How on earth , or anywhere else , did director Ron Underwood manage to blow $ 100 million on this ?
It 's hard to pity the ` plain ' girl who becomes a ravishing waif after applying a smear of lip-gloss .
It 's hard to imagine anybody ever being `` in the mood '' to view a movie as harrowing and painful as The Grey Zone , but it 's equally hard to imagine anybody being able to tear their eyes away from the screen once it 's started
It 's hard to imagine anybody ever being `` in the mood '' to view a movie as harrowing and painful as The Grey Zone , but
It 's hard to imagine anybody ever being `` in the mood '' to view a movie as harrowing and painful as The Grey Zone ,
It 's hard to imagine anybody ever being `` in the mood '' to view a movie as harrowing and painful as The Grey Zone
the primitive murderer
the problems with the film
when you 're rooting for the film to hurry up and get to its subjects ' deaths just so the documentary will be over
when you 're talking about a slapstick comedy , that 's a pretty big problem .
with any viewer forced to watch him try out so many complicated facial expressions
with anyone who calls ` Slackers ' dumb , insulting , or childish
A film that plays things so nice 'n safe as to often play like a milquetoast movie of the week blown up for the big screen .
So mind-numbingly awful that you hope Britney wo n't do it one more time , as far as movies are concerned .
A film really has to be exceptional to justify a three hour running time , and this is n't
A film really has to be exceptional to justify a three hour running time , and this is n't .
boredom to the point
boredom to the point of collapse
bored Cage
bored by as your ABC 's
bore-athon
bore-athon .
unjustified
boredom to the point of collapse ,
boredom to the point of collapse , turning into a black hole of dullness
the amateurishness
the amateurishness of The Blair Witch Project with the illogic of Series 7
the film 's more determined to become the next Texas Chainsaw Massacre .
we do n't get Williams ' usual tear and a smile , just sneers and bile ,
we do n't get Williams ' usual tear and a smile , just sneers and bile , and
Adrift , Bentley and Hudson
we do n't like
better video-game-based flicks ,
happens when something goes bump in the night and nobody cares
of typical late-twenty-somethings natter on about nothing
of two actors who do everything humanly possible to create characters who are sweet and believable , and are defeated by a screenplay that forces them into bizarre , implausible behavior
sure is pathetic
supposedly evenhanded presentation
supposed to be a comedy
menacing
menacing atmosphere
men with guns
than the trivial , cash-in features
surprisingly flat
in the murk of its own making
near-fatal mistake
by amateurish execution
by an undeveloped script
by an overly sillified plot and stop-and-start pacing
The story has some nice twists but the ending and some of the back-story is a little tired .
falls victim to sloppy plotting , an insultingly unbelievable final act and a villainess who is too crazy to be interesting
falls to the floor with a sickening thud .
falls to the floor with a sickening thud
The story has some nice twists but the ending and some of the back-story is a little tired . The performances are all solid ; it merely lacks originality to make it a great movie
falls victim to sloppy plotting , an insultingly unbelievable final act and a villainess who is too crazy to be interesting .
... it 's also so jarring that it 's hard to get back into the boys ' story .
bother if you 're going to subjugate truth to the tear-jerking demands of soap opera
and not in a good way
and pat storytelling
and plastic knickknacks
and paper-thin supporting characters
demonstrate how desperate the makers of this ` we 're - doing-it-for - the-cash ' sequel were
demonstrate how desperate the makers of this ` we 're - doing-it-for - the-cash ' sequel were .
delusional
delusional man
and crudely literal
utter authority
usually dread encountering the most
usual whoopee-cushion effort
Derrida is all but useless
is slightly less successful than the first
is small change .
is small change
A little uneven to be the cat 's meow
the absurdities and inconsistencies
the `` soon-to-be-forgettable '' section
the `` soon-to-be-forgettable '' section of the quirky rip-off prison
regret and , ultimately ,
refuses to offer much accompanying sustenance in the way of characterization , humor or plain old popcorn fun
refuses to develop an energy level
reek of a script rewrite designed to garner the film a '' cooler '' PG-13 rating
Murder by Numbers ' is n't a great movie , but
Murder by Numbers ' is n't a great movie ,
Murder by Numbers ' is n't a great movie
, the characters are too strange and dysfunctional , Tom included , to ever get under the skin
less simplistic , obvious , clumsily plotted and
less simplistic , obvious , clumsily plotted and shallowly characterized
less sensational
less simplistic
less simplistic , obvious , clumsily plotted
A frustrating ` tweener ' -- too slick
rewritten , and
Because of an unnecessary and clumsy last scene , ` Swimfan ' left me with a very bad feeling .
Because of an unnecessary and clumsy last scene
Bears is bad . Not ` terrible filmmaking ' bad , but more like , ' I once had a nightmare like this , and it 's now coming true ' bad
Bears is bad . Not ` terrible filmmaking ' bad , but more like , ' I once had a nightmare like this , and it 's now coming true ' bad .
Feels familiar and tired .
Feels familiar and tired
Feel bad for King , who 's honestly trying , and Schwartzman , who 's shot himself in the foot
Feel bad for King , who 's honestly trying , and Schwartzman , who 's shot himself in the foot .
Fear Dot Com is more frustrating than a modem that disconnects every 10 seconds .
the feel of an unedited personal journal
one , it 's not very good either .
this movie 's lack of ideas
provocative . it 's also built on a faulty premise , one it follows into melodrama and silliness
proving once again ego does n't always go hand in hand with talent
crass , contrived sequels
crawl up your own \*\*\*
crawl up your own \*\*\* in embarrassment
under by the pacing and lack of creativity
... will always be remembered for the 9-11 terrorist attacks . After seeing the film , I can tell you that there 's no other reason why anyone should bother remembering it .
... watching this film nearly provoked me to take my own life . And if The Hours wins ` Best Picture ' I just might .
... this movie is one long chick-flick slog .
... this movie has a glossy coat of action movie excess while remaining heartless at its core .
... too gory to be a comedy and too silly to be an effective horror film .
... too dull to enjoy .
... turns so unforgivably trite in its last 10 minutes that anyone without a fortified sweet tooth will likely go into sugar shock .
... too slow , too boring , and occasionally annoying .
... The movie feels stitched together from stock situations and characters from other movies .
... Stylistically , the movie is a disaster .
... Pray does n't have a passion for the material .
... a fascinating curiosity piece -- fascinating , that is , for about ten minutes .
... a confusing drudgery .
... Watching it was painful .
yourself wishing that you and they were in another movie
zero thrills , too many flashbacks and a choppy ending make for a bad film
laughably unbearable when it is n't merely offensive .
's relentlessly folksy
laugh-out-loud bits are few and far between
's really wrong with this ricture !
's really yet another anemic and formulaic Lethal Weapon-derived buddy-cop movie , trying to pass off its lack of imagination as hip knowingness
's really yet another anemic and formulaic Lethal Weapon-derived buddy-cop movie , trying to pass off its lack of imagination as hip knowingness .
's really done it this time . That chirpy songbird Britney Spears has popped up with more mindless drivel .
's really unclear
's really unclear why this project was undertaken
laughably unconvincing
The biggest problem I have ( other than the very sluggish pace ) is we never really see her Esther blossom as an actress , even though her talent is supposed to be growing .
The big finish is a bit like getting all excited about a chocolate eclair and then biting into it and finding the filling missing .
The biggest problem I have
sorry use of Aaliyah in her one and only starring role
paper-thin characterizations
Aside from the fact that the film idiotically uses the website feardotcom.com or the improperly hammy performance from poor Stephen Rea , the film gets added disdain for the fact that it is nearly impossible to look at or understand .
paper-thin supporting characters
Astonishing is n't the word -- neither is incompetent , incoherent or just plain crap .
sort out the mess in our heads and deconstruct where it all went wrong
, it 's probably not accurate to call it a movie
, it 's one of the worst of the entire franchise .
, it 's pretty stupid . I had more fun with Ben Stiller 's Zoolander , which I thought was rather clever . But there 's plenty to offend everyone ...
will leave frowns on more than a few faces .
, it 's still not a good movie
, it 's still tainted by cliches , painful improbability and murky points .
I can tell you that there 's no other reason why anyone should bother remembering it
I certainly was n't feeling any of it
I certainly ca n't recommend it
I can take infantile humor ... but
I can take infantile humor ... but this is the sort of infantile that makes you wonder about changing the director and writer 's diapers .
I can take infantile humor ... but this is the sort of infantile that makes you wonder about changing the director and writer 's diapers
repeated at least four times
repeated at least four times . Every joke is repeated at least -- annoying , is n't it
renting this you 're not interested in discretion in your entertainment choices
repeating what he 's already done way too often
begs the question of whether random gags add up to a movie
Comes off like a bad imitation of the Bard .
4Ever has the same sledgehammer appeal as Pokemon videos ,
Contains all the substance of a Twinkie -- easy to swallow , but scarcely nourishing
begins to overplay the shock tactics and bait-and-tackle metaphors
snaps under the strain of its plot contrivances and its need to reassure .
snaps under the strain of its plot contrivances and its need to reassure
snake-down-the-throat business
The star who helped give a spark to `` Chasing Amy '' and `` Changing Lanes '' falls flat as thinking man CIA agent Jack Ryan in this summer 's new action film , `` The Sum of All Fears
The star who helped give a spark to `` Chasing Amy '' and `` Changing Lanes '' falls flat as thinking man CIA agent Jack Ryan in this summer 's new action film , `` The Sum of All Fears . ''
The story 's pathetic and the gags are puerile . .
The skills of a calculus major at M.I.T. are required to balance all the formulaic equations in the long-winded heist comedy Who Is Cletis Tout ?
spends too much time wallowing in Bibi 's generic angst ( there are a lot of shots of her gazing out windows ) .
for moviegoers lured to the mediocrity that is Kung Pow : Enter the Fist
for laughs , with a hit-to-miss ratio that does n't exactly favour the audience
Schrader aims to present an unflinching look at one man 's downfall , brought about by his lack of self-awareness .
Oprahfication
adam sandler 's heart may be in the right place , but he needs to pull his head out of his butt
condescending
condescending stereotypes
writhing
strike some Westerners as verging on mumbo-jumbo
writhing under dialogue like ` you 're from two different worlds ' and ` tonight the maid is a lie and this
A listless sci-fi comedy in which Eddie Murphy deploys two guises and elaborate futuristic sets to no particularly memorable effect .
A listless and desultory affair .
A listless and desultory affair
a whimper
A limp Eddie Murphy
A laughable -- or rather , unlaughable -- excuse for a film .
of soft-core twaddle
of sleaziness
without merit
without much interest in the Elizabethans
without much energy or tension
without much success
is that , even in all its director 's cut glory , he 's made a film that 's barely shocking , barely interesting and most of all , barely anything
is telegraphed well in advance , every performance respectably muted ; the movie itself seems to have been made under the influence of Rohypnol .
is technically sophisticated in the worst way
is telegraphed well in advance , every performance respectably muted ; the movie itself seems to have been made under the influence of Rohypnol
is technically sophisticated in the worst way .
honestly , I do n't see the point
honorable , interesting failure
the eccentric and the strange .
S1M0NE 's satire is not subtle ,
the eccentric and the strange . The fact that it is n't very good
S1M0NE 's satire is not subtle
failing
failing to find a spark of its own
facetious comic parody and pulp
facetious comic parody and pulp melodrama
This is not Chabrol 's best
This is n't exactly profound cinema ,
This is n't exactly profound cinema , but
that should be thrown back in the river
to be ignored
its exploitive array of obligatory cheap
is busy contriving false , sitcom-worthy solutions to their problems
is busy contriving false , sitcom-worthy solutions to their problems .
is bland
is campy fun like the Vincent Price horror classics of the '60s . At its worst , it implodes in a series of very bad special effects
is campy fun like the Vincent Price horror classics of the '60s . At its worst , it implodes in a series of very bad special effects .
is by lowering your expectations
is by lowering your expectations .
her appear foolish and shallow rather than , as was more likely ,
her beaten to a pulp in his Dangerous Game
her bully of a husband
her character become a caricature -- not even with that radioactive hair
upon layer of Action Man cliché atop wooden dialogue and a shifting tone that falls far short of the peculiarly moral amorality of ( Woo 's ) best work
uppity
urge to grab the old lady at the end of my aisle 's walker and toss it at the screen in frustration
slather Clearasil over the blemishes of youth
top of the same old crap
top-heavy
never knew what the hell was coming next
to take advantage of its semi-humorous premise .
as a hole in the head
as a fringe feminist conspiracy theorist
as a ghost story gone badly awry
to take more than a man in a Bullwinkle costume to get there
never gets off the ground .
in such silliness as that snake-down-the-throat business and the inevitable shot of Schwarzenegger
taylor appears to have blown his entire budget on soundtrack rights and had nothing left over for jokes .
be profound , and hyper-cliched where it should be sincere
for a fun -- but bad -- movie
the relentless gaiety
Fanboy
an ugly chapter
an ugly chapter of the twentieth century
an overly sillified plot and
an overly sillified plot and stop-and-start pacing
an unapologetic mess , whose only saving grace is that it ends by blowing just about everything up
an undeveloped narrative
an unapologetic mess
an unapologetic mess ,
with the terrifying message
an undeveloped narrative and
sickly sweet
sickly
way of what can be gleaned from this three-hour endurance test built around an hour 's worth of actual material
aimless , arduous ,
aimless , arduous
aimless , arduous , and arbitrary
aimless , arduous , and
aimless for much of its running time
aimless as an old pickup skidding completely out of control on a long patch of black ice
aimless for much of its running time , until late in the film when a tidal wave of plot arrives
aimless for much of its running time ,
somewhat heavy-handed ,
in the lazy Bloodwork
in the not-exactly - stunning insight that crime does n't pay
in the post-Full Monty world
retread , with the emphasis on self-empowering schmaltz and big-wave surfing that gives pic its title an afterthought
about Hawn 's breasts
about a boring , sad man being boring and sad
about Sir Anthony Hopkins saying ` Get in the car , bitch , ' this Jerry Bruckheimer production has little else to offer
about a guy who is utterly unlikeable
about a bus wreck
that is n't heated properly , so that it ends up
the trash
is something about it that feels incomplete , as if the real story starts just around the corner
is something of an impostor itself ,
is something of an impostor itself , stretching and padding its material in a blur of dead ends and distracting camera work
Sometimes this ` Blood ' seems as tired as its protagonist ...
should stop trying to please his mom
List it ai n't
Literally nothing in The Pool
Literally nothing in The Pool is new
Literally nothing in The Pool is new ,
Literally nothing in The Pool is new , but
The AM-radio soundtrack and game cast
Chinese , one which can only qualify as a terrible tragedy
, though , this surfer-girl melodrama starts gasping like a beached grouper .
, this wretched work falls flat in just about every conceivable area .
, thoroughly unpleasant
, this thing feels flimsy and ephemeral .
, this relentless , all-wise-guys-all-the-time approach tries way too hard and gets tiring in no time at all .
, this sad-sack waste of a movie is a City of ruins
A movie in which two not very absorbing characters are engaged in a romance you ca n't wait to see end .
A movie far more cynical and lazy than anything a fictitious Charlie Kaufman might object to .
A movie far more cynical and lazy than anything a fictitious Charlie Kaufman
A mostly tired retread of several other mob tales .
A mostly tired
K-19 sinks to a Harrison Ford low .
Just too silly
Just too silly and
Just too silly and sophomoric to ensnare its target audience .
a blur of dead ends and distracting camera work
a boring , sad man being boring and sad
a boring , sad man
a boom-box of a movie that might have been titled ` The Loud and the Ludicrous '
a boatload of screenwriting cliches that sink it faster than a leaky freighter
a boring parade of talking heads and technical gibberish that will do little to advance the Linux cause
a boring parade
, this fourth animated movie in four years wo n't convert you -- or even keep your eyes open .
, this Cinderella story does n't have a single surprise up its sleeve .
, this is more appetizing than a side dish of asparagus .
of the fate of hundreds of thousands of Chinese , one which can only qualify as a terrible tragedy
would be over in five minutes but instead the plot
We do n't get paid enough to sit through crap like this
We get the comedy we settle for .
We get light showers of emotion a couple of times , but then -- strangely -- these wane to an inconsistent and ultimately unsatisfying drizzle
We have poignancy jostling against farce , thoughtful dialogue elbowed aside by one-liners , and a visual style that incorporates rotoscope animation for no apparent reason except , maybe , that it looks neat .
Reyes ' directorial debut has good things to offer , but ultimately it 's undone by a sloppy script
annoying specimen
Good Housekeeping 's unsavory characters and WWF mentality
trial for crimes against humanity
trenchant satirical jabs
jerking off
the entire project having the feel of something tossed off quickly ( like one of Hubert 's punches )
's trying to reap from the moviegoing public
's unfortunate for the viewer
's ultimately rather inconsequential
's used so extensively that good bits are hopelessly overshadowed
's unfortunate for the viewer that the thoughts and reflections coming through are torpid and banal
's pretty stupid . I had more fun with Ben Stiller 's Zoolander , which I thought was rather clever . But there 's plenty to offend everyone ...
's plenty to offend everyone
's pretentious in a way that verges on the amateurish .
's pretentious in a way that verges on the amateurish
's pretty stupid . I had more fun with Ben Stiller 's Zoolander , which I thought was rather clever . But there 's plenty to offend everyone
wish it would have just gone more over-the-top instead of trying to have it both ways
playful without being fun
played game of absurd plot twists , idiotic court maneuvers and stupid characters that even Freeman ca n't save it .
playing fair with the audience . Are we dealing with dreams , visions or being told what actually happened as if it were the third ending of Clue ?
Abandon spends 90 minutes trying figure out whether or not some cocky pseudo-intellectual kid has intentionally left college or was killed . The only problem is that , by the end , no one in the audience or the film seems to really care .
Abandon spends 90 minutes trying figure out whether or not some cocky pseudo-intellectual kid has intentionally left college or was killed .
Abandon all hope of a good movie ye who enter here
Abandon '' will leave you wanting to abandon the theater .
Abandon '' will leave you wanting to abandon the theater
you do n't try to look too deep into the story
you are n't very bright
Wedding feels a bit anachronistic . Still , not every low-budget movie must be quirky or bleak
Wedding feels a bit anachronistic . Still , not every low-budget movie must be quirky or bleak , and
Weird
The piquant story needs more dramatic meat on its bones .
the way Adam Sandler 's new movie rapes
mainly nonprofessional cast
major issues
what once was conviction is now affectation
lets the movie dawdle in classic disaffected-indie-film mode
lets the audience completely off the hook
tale will be all too familiar for anyone who 's seen George Roy Hill 's 1973 film , '' The Sting . ''
taking a hands-off approach when he should have shaped the story to show us why it 's compelling
taking angry potshots at George W . Bush , Henry Kissinger , Larry King , et al .
is difficult to connect with on any deeper level
without the dark spookiness of crystal lake camp , the horror concept completely
What might have been readily dismissed as the tiresome rant of an aging filmmaker still thumbing his nose at convention takes a surprising , subtle turn at the midway point .
that it 's hardly over before it begins to fade from memory
he had a bad run in the market or a costly divorce , because there is no earthly reason other than money why this distinguished actor would stoop so low
would n't make Trouble Every Day any better .
would n't make Trouble Every Day any better
he has no character , loveable or otherwise
would require many sessions on the couch of Dr. Freud .
without passion or politics
without much of a story
without much interest in the elizabethans ( as well as rank frustration from those in the know about rubbo 's dumbed-down tactics )
A rather average action film
neither as funny
neither as funny nor as clever
nervous
nervous film
nervous film that will either give you a mild headache or exhilarate you
A rather tired
A rather tired exercise in nostalgia .
rhapsodize cynicism , with repetition and languorous slo-mo sequences , that Glass 's dirgelike score becomes a fang-baring lullaby .
rhapsodize cynicism , with repetition and languorous slo-mo sequences ,
Despite all the closed-door hanky-panky , the film is essentially juiceless .
It looks good , Sonny , but you missed the point
It is supremely unfunny and unentertaining to watch middle-age and older men drink to excess , piss on trees , b.s. one another and put on a show in drag .
It is supremely unfunny and unentertaining to watch middle-age and older men drink to excess , piss on trees , b.s. one another and put on a show in drag
It just does n't have anything really interesting to say .
It is too bad that this likable movie is n't more accomplished .
It labours as storytelling .
witlessness between a not-so-bright mother and daughter and
witlessness between a not-so-bright mother and daughter and an even less capable trio of criminals
sound like a mere disease-of - the-week TV movie
wo n't be an )
the sick character
the filmmakers have made every effort to disguise it as an unimaginative screenwriter 's invention
the filmmakers just follow the books
the film a celluloid litmus test for the intellectual and emotional pedigree of your date and a giant step backward for a director I admire
the film comes perilously close to being too bleak , too pessimistic and too unflinching for its own good .
the dangers
the dangers of drugs
wo n't convert you
is a dumb action movie
is a dull , dour documentary on what ought to be a joyful or at least fascinating subject
is a disaster of a story , full of holes and completely lacking in chills . Ignore the reputation , and ignore the film .
is a far cry from either the book or the beloved film
is a factor of the last plot device left standing
is a dumb action movie .
serious urge to grab the old lady at the end of my aisle 's walker and toss it at the screen in frustration
seriously , folks , it does n't work .
set out to lampoon , anyway .
wo n't believe much of it
is one that allows him to churn out one mediocre movie after another
is one-sided ,
this is n't worth sitting through
this is a throwaway movie that wo n't stand the test of time
a psychological mess , with Austin Powers bumping his head on the way out of the closet
a psychological mess ,
a psychological mess
a psychiatrist who predictably finds it difficult to sustain interest in his profession after the family tragedy . Too predictably , in fact
than an amiable but unfocused bagatelle that plays like a loosely-connected string of acting-workshop exercises
handles the nuclear crisis sequences evenly but milks drama when she should be building suspense , and drags out too many scenes toward the end that should move quickly
handles the nuclear crisis sequences evenly but milks drama when she should be building suspense , and drags out too many scenes toward the end that should move quickly .
the human story is pushed to one side
haphazard , and inconsequential romantic
the movie is ugly to look at and not a Hollywood product
the movie is a disaster .
just more of the same ,
just more of the same
just more of the same , done with noticeably less energy and imagination
just not campy enough
absolutamente predecible
absolutely and completely ridiculous
absurd , contrived , overblown , and entirely implausible
the shock tactics and bait-and-tackle metaphors
the setting remains indistinct
the sets look like they were borrowed from Gilligan 's Island
the sexual politics too smug
the only one laughing at his own joke
wish you were at home watching that movie instead of in the theater watching this one
Ze movie starts out so funny , then she is nothing
to the annoying score to ` special effects ' by way of replacing objects in a character 's hands below the camera line
dour
doldrums
done , but slow
doing something wrong
to the annoying score
haphazard , as if the writers mistakenly thought they could achieve an air of frantic spontaneity by simply tossing in lots of characters doing silly stuff and stirring the pot
haphazard , as if the writers mistakenly thought they could achieve an air of frantic spontaneity by simply tossing in lots of characters doing silly stuff and stirring the pot .
haphazard script
hapless victims of the arrogant '' if we put together a wry white man and a chatty black man and give them guns , the movie will be funny '' syndrome
to the awfulness of the movie
Do we really need a 77-minute film to tell us exactly why a romantic relationship between a 15-year-old boy and a 40-year-old woman does n't work ?
Do n't plan on the perfect ending
hypermasculine
hyper-artificiality
hymn and a cruel story of youth culture
( The film 's ) taste for `` shock humor '' will wear thin on all
suffocated at conception by its munchausen-by-proxy mum . punish the vehicle to adore the star
suffocated at conception by its munchausen-by-proxy mum .
suffocating
suffocated at conception by its munchausen-by-proxy mum . punish the vehicle to adore the star .
suffocated
suffocated at conception by its munchausen-by-proxy mum
suffocated at conception
there are zoning ordinances to protect your community from the dullest science fiction
there are side stories aplenty -- none of them memorable .
completely serviceable and quickly forgettable
there is a mediocre movie trying to get out .
there is a real danger less sophisticated audiences will mistake it for an endorsement of the very things that Bean abhors .
tie up loose ends with more bows than you 'll find on a French poodle
( which might have been called Freddy Gets Molested by a Dog )
acting skills are comparable to a cardboard cutout
saying nothing about Kennedy 's assassination and revealing nothing about the pathology it pretends to investigate
say you were n't warned
dangerously slow
worthless
's <b> the gift of the magi </b> relocated to the scuzzy underbelly of nyc 's drug scene . merry friggin ' christmas
's a boom-box of a movie that might have been titled ` the loud and the ludicrous '
's 86 minutes too long
virtually impossible
is not helped by the thin characterizations , nonexistent plot and pretentious visual style
, set himself a task he is not nearly up to
, she 's really done it this time . That chirpy songbird Britney Spears has popped up with more mindless drivel .
, shapeless mess
, self-indulgent film
, self-indulgent and remarkably ugly to look at , it 's ... like a series of pretentiously awful student films strung together into one feature-length horror .
, shorn of social insight , intellectual pretension and cinematic interest .
I have given this movie a rating of zero .
I have given this movie a rating of zero . But
I have not been this disappointed by a movie in a long time .
I have to admit I walked out of Runteldat . I did go back and check out the last 10 minutes
I have to admit I walked out of Runteldat . I did go back and check out the last 10 minutes ,
I have to admit I walked out of Runteldat . I did go back and check out the last 10 minutes , but
this is a film living far too much in its own head
this insane
Donovan ... squanders his main asset , Jackie Chan , and
Donovan ... squanders his main asset , Jackie Chan , and fumbles the vital action sequences
Donovan ... squanders his main asset
Donovan ... squanders his main asset ,
Donovan ... squanders his main asset , Jackie Chan
Donovan ... squanders his main asset , Jackie Chan ,
Dong never pushes for insights beyond the superficial tensions of the dynamic he 's dissecting , and the film settles too easily along the contours of expectation
Dong never pushes for insights beyond the superficial tensions of the dynamic he 's dissecting , and the film settles too easily along the contours of expectation .
Like its two predecessors , 1983 's Koyaanisqatsi and 1988 's Powaqqatsi , the cinematic collage Naqoyqatsi could be the most navel-gazing film ever .
Like a south-of-the-border Melrose Place .
my eyelids ... getting
mirthless
a social injustice , at least
tiresome nature
tiresome love triangles
's supposed to be post-feminist breezy but ends up as tedious as the chatter of parrots raised on Oprah .
's supposed to be post-feminist breezy but ends up as tedious as the chatter of parrots raised on Oprah
's supposed to be a romantic comedy
's supposed to be post-feminist breezy but
's stuffy and pretentious
's superficial and unrealized
of American society in an unnerving way
Went 8 Movies Ago
tie up loose ends with more bows
An incredibly low-rent Danish film
An impossible romance
aging , suffering
aggravating
I felt disrespected .
I even caught the gum stuck under my seat trying to sneak out of the theater
I fear
I do n't blame Eddie Murphy but should n't
I do n't know why Steven Seagal is considered a star , nor why he keeps being cast in action films when none of them are ever any good or make any money .
I do n't think this movie loves women at all .
Unless you 're a fanatic , the best advice is : ` Scooby ' do n't .
by pretentious , untalented artistes who enjoy moaning about their cruel fate
the movie too often spins its wheels with familiar situations and repetitive scenes
by poor casting
by some Freudian puppet
totally weirded - out by the notion of cinema
totally weirded -
by sending the audience straight to hell
totalmente banales
by orchestrating a finale that is impenetrable and dull
knock-off
knock back a beer with but they 're simply not funny performers
knockoff .
by people to whom the idea of narrative logic or cohesion is an entirely foreign concept
Reign of Fire never comes close to recovering from its demented premise , but it does sustain an enjoyable level of ridiculousness .
people have lost the ability to think
penned by a man who has little clue about either the nature of women or of friendship .
of bland comfort food
of bland Hollywood romance
of better films
of biting the hand that has finally , to some extent , warmed up to him
of being too dense & about nothing at all
of being released a few decades too late
Yes , I have given this movie a rating of zero .
the notorious MTV show
Chamber of Secrets will find millions of eager fans . But if the essence of magic is its make-believe promise of life that soars above the material realm , this is the opposite of a truly magical movie
Lan Yu is at times too restrained ,
Lan Yu is at times too restrained
is after something darker
the ensemble cast , the flat dialogue by Vincent R. Nebrida or the gutless direction by Laurice Guillen
the ensemble cast , the flat dialogue by Vincent R. Nebrida or
tickle many a preschooler 's fancy , but when it costs a family of four about $ 40 to see a film in theaters , why spend money on a dog like this when you can rent a pedigree instead
is stillborn
is strictly a lightweight escapist film
is that for the most part , the film is deadly dull
is that celebi could take me back to a time before i saw this movie and i could just skip it
to sit through it again
will no doubt rally to its cause , trotting out threadbare standbys like ` masterpiece ' and ` triumph ' and all that malarkey , but
, formulaic mix
than heart , his story flattens instead of sharpens
Ash Wednesday is not Edward Burns ' best film
Showtime is one of the hapless victims of the arrogant `` if we put together a wry white man and a chatty black man and give them guns , the movie will be funny '' syndrome .
Despite some charm and heart , this quirky soccer import is forgettable
Should n't have been allowed to use the word `` new '' in its title , because there 's not an original character , siuation or joke in the entire movie .
Should n't have been allowed to use the word `` new '' in its title , because there 's not an original character , siuation or joke in the entire movie
she lets her love depraved leads meet , ( Denis ' ) story becomes a hopeless , unsatisfying muddle
she needs to shake up the mix , and work in something that does n't feel like a half-baked stand-up routine
she has n't been worth caring about
she is merely a charmless witch .
merely a blandly cinematic surgical examination of what makes a joke a joke
in providing a disquiet world the long-dreaded completion of the Police Academy series
in pointlessness
of Nazi politics and aesthetics
watch it unfold with an astonishing lack of passion or uniqueness
watch Witherspoon 's talents wasting away inside unnecessary films like Legally Blonde and Sweet Home Abomination , I mean , Alabama
watch Witherspoon 's talents wasting away inside unnecessary films like Legally Blonde and Sweet Home Abomination , I mean ,
watch Witherspoon 's talents wasting away inside unnecessary films like Legally Blonde and Sweet Home Abomination
sit through its tidal wave of imagery and not get this vision at all
sit in neutral , hoping for a stiff wind to blow it
sink this low
and no desire
and occasionally cloying
alienate even the savviest audiences
a rather listless amble
a rather listless amble down
a rather dull person to be stuck with for two hours
a rancorous curiosity : a movie without an apparent audience
Taken purely as an exercise in style , this oppressively gloomy techno-horror clambake is impossible to ignore . But as a movie , it 's a humorless , disjointed mess .
a disappointingly thin slice
into the disjointed , haphazard script
into sugary sentiment and withholds delivery on the pell-mell
throw 40 years of cinematic history down the toilet in favor of bright flashes and loud bangs
send it to Cranky . We do n't get paid enough to sit through crap like this
ca n't decide if it wants to be a mystery\/thriller , a romance or a comedy .
throw a few big-name actors and cameos at a hokey script
bypassing no opportunity to trivialize the material
ca n't act a lick
ca n't come up with legitimate funny
ca n't act a lick .
ca n't break through the stupor
throwaway one-liners
comes along that confirms one 's worse fears about civilization as we know it .
comes off like a rejected ABC Afterschool Special
comes off like a Hallmark commercial
comes off like a rejected ABC Afterschool Special , freshened up by the dunce of a Screenwriting 101 class ... Designed to provide a mix of smiles and tears , '' Crossroads '' instead provokes a handful of unintentional howlers and numerous yawns .
when it takes itself too seriously and when it depends too heavily on its otherwise talented cast
his pleas
's not really funny
's not scary in the slightest
's not too much of anything
's not too much of anything .
Too long , and larded with exposition , this somber cop drama ultimately feels as flat as the scruffy sands of its titular community .
when it takes itself too seriously and
poorly staged
Poor editing , bad bluescreen , and ultra-cheesy dialogue
predictably formulaic
Poor editing , bad bluescreen , and
Poor
prejudices
Poor editing ,
Poor editing
only at the prospect of beck 's next project . let 's see , a haunted house , a haunted ship , what 's next ... ghost blimp
Without non-stop techno or the existential overtones of a Kieslowski morality tale , Maelström is just another Winter Sleepers .
This may be the first cartoon ever to look as if it were being shown on the projection television screen of a sports bar .
This mistaken-identity picture is so film-culture referential that the final product is a ghost .
This movie is about an adult male dressed in pink jammies
This movie , a certain scene in particular , brought me uncomfortably close to losing my lunch .
This movie plays like an extended dialogue exercise in Retard 101 .
This movie is about the worst thing Chan has done in the United States .
Poor editing , bad bluescreen , and ultra-cheesy dialogue highlight the radical action .
a creaky `` Pretty Woman ''
a contest to see who can out-bad-act the other
a couple of burnt-out cylinders
a cop-out
ham-fisted
contrasting the original Ringu with the current Americanized adaptation is akin to comparing The Evil Dead with Evil Dead II
half-hearted movie career
half-hearted in its spy mechanics
half-formed wit
half-formed
you 're burnt out on It 's a Wonderful Life marathons and bored with A Christmas Carol
have to be an especially tough grader to give a charitable B-minus to The Emperor 's Club
Pluto Nash ? How did it ever get made
Plays like one long , meandering sketch inspired by the works of John Waters and Todd Solondz , rather than a fully developed story .
Plays like one of those conversations that Comic Book Guy on '' The Simpsons '' has .
as All or Nothing is , however , the film comes perilously close to being too bleak , too pessimistic and too unflinching for its own good .
An ugly , pointless , stupid movie
An ugly , pointless , stupid movie .
film school brat
Christians sensitive to a reductionist view of their Lord as a luv-spreading Dr. Feelgood or omnipotent slacker
Too much of the movie feels contrived , as if the filmmakers were worried the story would n't work without all those gimmicks .
filmmaking that is plainly dull and visually ugly when it is n't incomprehensible .
Chris Rock , ' ` Anthony Hopkins ' and ` terrorists
Chris Rock , ' ` Anthony Hopkins ' and ` terrorists ' into some Univac-like script machine
unrelieved by any comedy
unrelenting bleak insistence
unrelentingly grim
unrelentingly grim --
unrelentingly grim -- and
, the movie lacks wit , feeling and believability to compensate for its incessant coarseness and banality .
amiable but unfocused
ambitious and moving but bleak
time bombs
The logic of it all will be Greek to anyone not predisposed to the movie 's rude and crude humor .
The lousy John Q
The lousy John Q all but spits out Denzel Washington 's fine performance in the title role .
Written , flatly , by David Kendall and directed , barely , by There 's Something About Mary co-writer Ed Decter .
Written , flatly , by David Kendall and directed , barely , by There
emerges from the simple fact that the movie has virtually nothing to show .
emerges from the simple fact that the movie has virtually nothing to show
Written , flatly
his contradictory , self-hating , self-destructive ways
And in truth , cruel as it may sound , he makes Arnold Schwarzenegger look like Spencer Tracy .
And in a sense , that 's a liability .
And it 's harder still to believe that anyone in his right mind would want to see the it .
And it 's a lousy one at that .
can drown out the tinny self-righteousness of his voice
can be numbing
And it 's not that funny -- which is just generally insulting .
an admittedly limited extent
an `` ambitious failure
show-do n't
The punch lines that miss , unfortunately , outnumber the hits by three-to-one . But Death to Smoochy keeps firing until the bitter end .
The punch lines that miss , unfortunately , outnumber the hits by three-to-one . But Death to Smoochy keeps firing until the bitter end
The punch lines that miss , unfortunately , outnumber the hits by three-to-one . But
The punch lines that miss , unfortunately , outnumber the hits by three-to-one .
The punch lines that miss
The project 's filmmakers forgot to include anything even halfway scary as they poorly rejigger Fatal Attraction into a high school setting .
The problems of the people in Love in the Time of Money are hardly specific to their era . They just have problems , which are neither original nor are presented in convincing way .
restrictive
One big blustery movie where nothing really happens .
One big blustery movie
One Hour Photo lives down to its title .
Once the expectation of laughter has been quashed by whatever obscenity is at hand , even the funniest idea is n't funny .
Guillen rarely gets beneath the surface of things .
Guillen rarely gets beneath the surface of things . She lists ingredients , but never mixes and stirs .
's changed the male academic from a lower-class Brit to an American , a choice that upsets the novel 's exquisite balance and shreds the fabric of the film
will be all too familiar for anyone who 's seen George Roy Hill 's 1973 film , '' The Sting . ''
so devoid of artifice and purpose
staged with your green plastic army men were more exciting and
staged with your green plastic army men were more exciting
so downbeat
recycled more times than I 'd care to count
one of those crass
plays like a badly edited , 91-minute trailer ( and ) the director ca n't seem to get a coherent rhythm going . In fact
plays like a badly edited , 91-minute trailer ( and ) the director ca n't seem to get a coherent rhythm going .
plays like a badly edited , 91-minute trailer ( and )
finally seem so impersonal or even shallow
plays like a 95-minute commercial for NBA properties
one of those comedies that just seem like a bad idea from frame one
final whistle
plays like a badly edited , 91-minute trailer ( and ) the director ca n't seem to get a coherent rhythm going . In fact , it does n't even seem like she tried
so downbeat and nearly humorless
plays like a badly edited , 91-minute trailer ( and ) the director ca n't seem to get a coherent rhythm going . In fact ,
find The Singles Ward occasionally bewildering
I Killed My Father is one of those art house films that makes you feel like you 're watching an iceberg melt -- only
I 've seen some bad singer-turned actors , but Lil Bow Wow takes the cake .
I 've seen some bad singer-turned actors , but Lil Bow Wow takes the cake
I almost expected there to be a collection taken for the comedian at the end of the show .
I Spy has all the same problems the majority of action comedies have .
quarter the fun of Toy Story 2
to despairingly awful
will be all too familiar for anyone who 's seen George Roy Hill 's 1973 film , '' The Sting .
questionable in-the-ring match-up
this aging series
quality naptime
qualify as ` worse than expected
has the requisite faux-urban vibe and hotter-two-years-ago rap and R&B names and references .
has the requisite faux-urban vibe and hotter-two-years-ago rap and R&B names and references
has the outdated swagger of a shameless '70s blaxploitation shuck-and-jive sitcom .
has the thrown-together feel of a summer-camp talent show : hastily written ,
has the thrown-together feel of a summer-camp talent show : hastily written
has the thrown-together feel of a summer-camp talent show : hastily written , underrehearsed
turmoil
being noticeably derivative of Goodfellas and at least a half dozen other trouble-in-the-ghetto flicks
that offers no easy , comfortable resolution
that no amount of imagination , no creature , no fantasy story and no incredibly outlandish scenery
that no amount of earnest textbook psychologizing can bridge
It 's hard to like a film about a guy who is utterly unlikeable , and Shiner , starring Michael Caine as an aging British boxing promoter desperate for a taste of fame and fortune , is certainly that .
It 's hard to tell with all the crashing and banging where the salesmanship ends
It 's hard to tell with all the crashing and banging where the salesmanship ends and the movie begins .
It 's hard to tell with all the crashing and banging where the salesmanship ends and the movie begins
is plainly dull and visually ugly
brutal and
wanes dramatically
wane to an inconsistent and ultimately unsatisfying drizzle
wane
wannabe-hip crime comedy
wannabe-hip
wannabe comedy
wanna watch a movie in which a guy dressed as a children 's party clown gets violently gang-raped ?
clunky TV-movie approach
intrigue , treachery and murder
into the world of ambivalence and ambiguity
The movie is like a year late for tapping into our reality tv obsession , and even tardier for exploiting the novelty of the `` webcast . ''
The movie is a dud .
The movie is about as deep as that sentiment .
The movie is n't horrible , but
's drab .
whether to admire the film 's stately nature and call it classicism or be exasperated by a noticeable lack of pace . Or both
will go on so long as there are moviegoers anxious to see strange young guys doing strange guy things .
will have been discovered , indulged in and rejected as boring before I see this piece of crap again
will have been discovered , indulged in and rejected as boring before I see this piece of crap again .
dumped a whole lot of plot in favor of ... outrageous gags
dunce
dust-caked
dust-caked stagnation
contains very few laughs and even less surprises .
contains very few laughs and even less surprises
he gives Nachtwey for self-analysis
he frequently maintains the same snail 's pace
he directed , cowrote and starred in borders on the grotesque
consumed and forgotten
he goes out into public , to avoid being recognized as the man who bilked unsuspecting moviegoers
of ridiculousness
conceal that there 's nothing resembling a spine here
of saps stuck in an inarticulate screenplay
complaint
too big
This movie is maddening . It conveys a simple message in a visual style that is willfully overwrought .
This movie is maddening .
This movie feel more like a non-stop cry for attention , than an attempt at any kind of satisfying entertainment .
This miserable excuse of a movie runs on empty , believing Flatbush machismo will get it through .
This miserable excuse of a movie
This miserable excuse
This may be the dumbest , sketchiest movie on record about an aspiring writer 's coming-of-age .
This movie is something of an impostor itself , stretching and padding its material in a blur of dead ends and distracting camera work .
This movie is so bad , that it 's almost worth seeing because it 's so bad .
similarly morose and humorless
Rates an ` E ' for effort -- and a ` B ' for boring .
Rates an ` E ' for effort -- and a ` B ' for boring
Rarely has so much money delivered so little entertainment .
Rarely has leukemia looked so shimmering and benign .
Rambles on in a disjointed , substandard fashion from one poorly executed action sequence to the next .
puzzling
bumping his head on the way out of the closet
buoys the flimsy story
bungling the big stuff
bungling
buried , drowned
as obnoxious as Tom Green 's Freddie Got Fingered
as overbearing and over-the-top as the family
as pandering middle-age buddy-comedy
as pathetic , dysfunctional and destructive
dime-store ruminations
dime-store psychology
dip in Jerry Bruckheimer 's putrid pond of retread action twaddle .
dip in Jerry Bruckheimer 's putrid pond of retread action twaddle
it 's an unhappy situation all around .
direct-to-void
feels contrived , as if the filmmakers were worried the story would n't work without all those gimmicks .
feels counterproductive
feels conceived and shot on the fly -- like between lunch breaks for Shearer 's radio show and his Simpson voice-overs .
feels contrived
feels contrived ,
feels contrived , as if the filmmakers were worried the story would n't work without all those gimmicks
feels as if the movie is more interested in entertaining itself than in amusing us .
feels as though it 's trying to set the women 's liberation movement back 20 years
feels cheated
feels conceived and shot on the fly -- like between lunch breaks for Shearer 's radio show and his Simpson voice-overs
a feel-bad ending for a depressing story that throws a bunch of hot-button items in the viewer 's face and asks to be seen as hip , winking social commentary
a feel-bad ending
, it 'll only put you to sleep .
, it 's '' Waking up in Reno . '' Go back to sleep .
avarice
avarice and damaged dreams
average formulaic romantic quadrangle
average television
avert our eyes
The action switches between past and present , but the material link is too tenuous to anchor the emotional connections that purport to span a 125-year divide
The action switches between past and present , but the material link is too tenuous to anchor the emotional connections that purport to span a 125-year divide .
The acting is stiff , the story lacks all trace of wit , the sets look like they were borrowed from Gilligan 's Island -- and the CGI Scooby might well be the worst special-effects creation of the year
The acting is stiff , the story lacks all trace of wit , the sets look like they were borrowed from Gilligan 's Island -- and the CGI Scooby might well be the worst special-effects creation of the year .
by 86 minutes of overly-familiar and poorly-constructed comedy
The problem with The Bread , My Sweet is that it 's far too sentimental .
is frequently overwrought and crudely literal
it 's also drab and inert
A small movie
discourages American audiences from ever wanting to see another foreign film
disconnects every 10 seconds
disconnects
disconnected it never builds any suspense
disconnected
disconcertingly slack
to squeeze the action and our emotions into the all-too-familiar dramatic arc of the holocaust escape story
it 's all surprisingly predictable .
to the holocaust
far more cynical and lazy than anything a fictitious Charlie Kaufman
far less funny than the original , Killers From Space
far more pleasurable . Something like scrubbing the toilet .
the sogginess of its contemporary characters , and actors
you wait for the story to get going
devoid of any kind of intelligible story
concocted
condescending and
The film is weighed down by supporting characters who are either too goodly , wise and knowing or downright comically evil .
The film is way too full of itself ; it 's stuffy and pretentious in a give-me-an-Oscar kind of way .
The film is way too full of itself ; it 's stuffy and pretentious in a give-me-an-Oscar kind of way
The film is way too full of itself ;
The film is way too full of itself
The film is undone by anachronistic quick edits and occasional jarring glimpses of a modern theater audience watching the events unfold .
The film is ultimately about as inspiring as a Hallmark card .
The film is strictly routine .
The film never gets over its own investment in conventional arrangements , in terms of love , age , gender , race , and class .
The film never finds its tone and several scenes run too long .
those young whippersnappers making moving pictures today
Showtime is n't particularly assaultive , but it can still make you feel that you never want to see another car chase , explosion or gunfight again .
a huge sacrifice of character and mood
declines
the movie dawdle in classic disaffected-indie-film mode
my dear , I do n't give a damn , ' have never been more appropriate .
mute your kids for nearly 80 minutes
Showtime deserves the hook .
my fingernails instinctively crawled towards my long-suffering eyeballs
that drops the ball only when it pauses for blunt exposition to make sure you
the movie does n't do a very good job conveying the issue at hand
the movie does n't quite fly .
edit
educational , but at other times as bland as a block of snow .
XXX '' is that its own action is n't very effective
rare window
its dreaminess may lull you to sleep
its drawbacks
its demented premise
As written by Michael Berg and Michael J . Wilson from a story by Wilson , this relentless , all-wise-guys-all-the-time approach tries way too hard and gets tiring in no time at all .
Beware the quirky Brit-com .
As vulgar as
As violent , profane and exploitative as the most offensive action flick you 've ever seen .
As the sulking , moody male hustler in the title role , ( Franco ) has all of Dean 's mannerisms and self-indulgence , but none of his sweetness and vulnerability .
Make Chan 's action sequences boring
are wheezing to an end , along with green 's half-hearted movie career
Maid in Manhattan proves that it 's easier to change the sheets than to change hackneyed concepts when it comes to dreaming up romantic comedies .
n't know if it 's possible to make a narrative film about September 11th , though I 'm sure some will try
n't quite fit
n't really deliver the delicious guilty pleasure of the better film versions
been made by people to whom the idea of narrative logic or cohesion is an entirely foreign concept
been making piffle for a long while
been lost in the translation ... another routine Hollywood frightfest in which the slack execution italicizes the absurdity of the premise
been lost in the mail
been modeled on the worst revenge-of-the-nerds clichés the filmmakers could dredge up
The movie 's progression into rambling incoherence gives new meaning to the phrase ` fatal script error . '
to finish , like a wet burlap sack of gloom
version of the irresponsible Sandlerian manchild , undercut by the voice of the star of Road Trip
The movie 's progression into rambling incoherence
The movie 's ultimate point -- that everyone should be themselves -- is trite
The movie 's major and most devastating flaw is its reliance on formula , though , and it 's quite enough to lessen the overall impact the movie could have had .
The movie 's plot is almost entirely witless and inane , carrying every gag two or three times beyond its limit to sustain a laugh .
by the man who wrote it but this Cliff Notes edition is a cheat
by the ensemble cast , the flat dialogue by Vincent R. Nebrida or the gutless direction by Laurice Guillen
by the dunce of a Screenwriting
The movie 's ultimate point -- that everyone should be themselves -- is trite ,
some jolly country embroiled in a bloody civil war
You can drive right by it without noticing anything special , save for a few comic turns , intended and otherwise .
You ca n't believe anyone would really buy this stuff .
You can tell almost immediately that Welcome to Collinwood is n't going to jell .
You can practically hear George Orwell turning over .
Thin period piece
Less dizzying than just dizzy
Less a study in madness or love than a study in schoolgirl obsession .
They felt like the same movie to me .
Thin
They just do n't work in concert .
You can thank me for this . I saw Juwanna Mann so you do n't have to .
They 're the unnamed , easily substitutable forces that serve as whatever terror the heroes of horror movies try to avoid .
Choppy editing
Choppy editing and
Choppy editing and too many repetitive
Choppy editing and too many repetitive scenes
would be consigned to the dustbin of history
the demented mind
a sickly sweet coating
a situation that quickly snowballs out of
a situation
the delusions
urge to doze
urban comedy is clearly not Zhang 's forte
us , folks . It 's laughing at us
us a romantic scenario that is just as simplistic as a Hollywood production
can be accused of being a bit undisciplined
's more repetition than creativity throughout the movie
can be just as frightening and disturbing -- even punishing .
Cruel and inhuman cinematic punishment ... simultaneously degrades its characters , its stars and its audience .
can be as tiresome as 9 seconds of Jesse Helms ' anti- Castro
an agonizing bore
Stealing Harvard is evidence that the Farrelly Bros. -- Peter and Bobby -- and their brand of screen comedy are wheezing to an end , along with Green 's half-hearted movie career .
an agonizing bore except when the fantastic kathy bates turns up .
with receding hairline , weathered countenance and American Breckin Meyer 's ridiculously inappropriate Valley Boy voice
it 's surprisingly bland despite the heavy doses of weird performances and direction
resorting to hyperbole
it 's surprisingly bland despite the heavy doses of weird performances and direction .
of mediocre acting
in each other also is difficult to fathom
in excess layers of hipness
the bastard
the basic plot trajectory of nearly every Schwarzenegger film
the badly dated cutesy-pie mystery scenario
the bad lighting that 's often written off as indie film naturalism
the badly dated cutesy-pie mystery scenario and the newfangled Hollywood post-production effects
the badly dated cutesy-pie mystery scenario and
's a sense that the crux of the mystery hinges on a technicality that strains credulity and leaves the viewer haunted by the waste of potential
's a sitcom without the snap-crackle
's a sitcom without the snap-crackle .
's a sometimes interesting remake that does n't compare to the brilliant original
have all the suspense of a 20-car pileup
have all the suspense of a 20-car pileup ,
have a tendency to slip into hokum . A Rumor of Angels does n't just slip
have abandoned their slim hopes and dreams
have all the suspense of a 20-car pileup , while the plot holes are big enough for a train car to drive through -- if Kaos had n't blown them all up
have all the suspense of a 20-car pileup , while the plot holes are big enough for a train car to drive through -- if Kaos had n't blown them all up .
it 's so laddish and juvenile , only teenage boys could possibly find it funny
on the high seas that works better the less the brain is engaged
on the monster 's path of destruction
something must have been lost in the translation
Consider the title 's clunk-on-the-head that suggests the overtime someone put in to come up with an irritatingly unimaginative retread concept
Consider the title 's clunk-on-the-head that suggests the overtime someone put in to come up with an irritatingly unimaginative retread concept .
One key problem with these ardently Christian storylines is that there is never any question of how things will turn out .
Triumph of Love is a very silly movie ,
Triumph of Love is a very silly movie
Confirms the nagging suspicion that Ethan Hawke would be even worse behind the camera than he is in front of it
misanthropic comedies
One key problem with these ardently Christian storylines
virulent and foul-natured
sitting through Dahmer 's two hours amounts to little more than punishment .
virtually nothing to show
Conforms itself with creating a game of ` who 's who ' ... where the characters ' moves are often more predictable than their consequences .
counting a few gross-out comedies I 've been trying to forget
the passive-aggressive psychology of co-dependence
it 's truly awful and heartbreaking subject matter
the laborious pacing and
the kiss of death in this bitter Italian comedy
the laborious pacing
squandering a topnotch foursome of actors
the kind of under-inspired , overblown enterprise that gives Hollywood sequels a bad name
puppies with broken legs
of manipulation , an exploitation piece doing its usual worst to guilt-trip parents
of major acting lessons and maybe a little coffee
mediocre special effects
that 's far too tragic to merit such superficial treatment
squander Jennifer Love Hewitt
that 's just too boring and obvious
that 's lived too long
to tiresome jargon
emotionally unavailable rut
emotional sterility to match its outer space setting
emotionally desiccated
emotionally diluted by focusing on the story 's least interesting subject
bouncy , with energetic musicals , the humor did n't quite engage this adult
bottomless pit
bounces all over the map
bottom-feeder sequel
bothersome
every mournful composition
of 2-day old Coke
of 49-year-old Roberto Benigni playing the wooden boy Pinocchio is scary enough
smug and convoluted action-comedy that
seems altogether too slight to be called any kind of masterpiece .
seem at times too many , although in reality they are not enough
seem less of a trifle if Ms. Sugarman followed through on her defiance of the saccharine
seem to be in a contest to see who can out-bad-act the other .
seem to be in a contest to see who can out-bad-act the other
seems altogether too slight to be called any kind of masterpiece
Anemic
smug and convoluted
Anderson 's movie is essentially a one-trick pony that , hampered by an undeveloped script , ultimately pulls up lame .
Analyze That '' is one of those crass , contrived sequels that not only fails on its own , but makes you second-guess your affection for the original
Analyze That '' is one of those crass , contrived sequels that not only fails on its own , but makes you second-guess your affection for the original .
And forget about any attempt at a plot !
It 's laughing at us .
try hard but come off too amateurish and awkward .
snail-like
can be forgiven for realizing that you 've spent the past 20 minutes looking at your watch and waiting for Frida to just die already .
can be forgiven for realizing that you 've spent the past 20 minutes looking at your watch and waiting for Frida to just die already
can be expected from a college comedy that 's target audience has n't graduated from junior high school ?
can be expected from a college comedy that 's target audience has n't graduated from junior high school
can be crossed off the list of ideas for the inevitable future sequels ( hey , do n't shoot the messenger )
can be as tiresome as 9 seconds of Jesse Helms ' anti- Castro rhetoric , which are included
is n't as sharp or as fresh
is n't to say that it 's the equal of some of its predecessors
stagy and stilted
stale and uninspired .
staggered from the theater and blacked out in the lobby
staggered from the theater
the fun wears thin -- then out -- when there 's nothing else happening
feels like a low-budget TV pilot that could not find a buyer to play it on the tube
feels like a community theater production of a great Broadway play
feels like a Monty Python sketch gone horribly wrong
feels incredibly hokey
Moretti plays Giovanni , a psychiatrist who predictably finds it difficult to sustain interest in his profession after the family tragedy . Too predictably , in fact .
More whiny downer than corruscating commentary .
feels like a preamble to a bigger , more complicated story , one that never materializes
No worse
No worse a film than Breaking Out , and Breaking Out
No worse a film
punctuated with graphic violence .
punched through by an inconsistent , meandering , and sometimes dry plot
struggled
as in aimless , arduous , and arbitrary .
as if a bored Cage spent the duration of the film 's shooting schedule waiting to scream : `` Got AIDS yet
as if he or she has missed anything
as if it were an obligation
as if the director is trying to dupe the viewer into taking it all as Very Important simply because the movie is ugly to look at and not a Hollywood product
lobotomized Woody Allen
loathsome movie
loathsome
lobotomized
Some , like Ballistic , arrive stillborn
about how lame it is to try and evade your responsibilities
about morality and the choices we make underneath such a mountain of clichés and borrowed images
Extreme Oops
Expect to be reminded of other , better films , especially Seven , which director William Malone slavishly copies .
, the intelligence of gay audiences has been grossly underestimated , and a meaty plot and well-developed characters have been sacrificed for skin and flash that barely fizzle .
Expect the same-old , lame-old slasher nonsense ,
Expect the same-old , lame-old slasher nonsense
Expect the same-old , lame-old slasher nonsense , just with different scenery
Expect to be reminded of other , better films , especially Seven , which director William Malone slavishly copies
Expect the same-old , lame-old slasher nonsense , just with different scenery .
screwed-up
Falls short in explaining the music and its roots
Fails to convince the audience that these brats will ever be anything more than losers .
Fails to satisfactorily exploit its gender politics , genre thrills or inherent humor
Fails to satisfactorily exploit its gender politics , genre thrills or inherent humor .
like the old disease-of-the-week small-screen melodramas
like the imaginary sport it projects onto the screen -- loud , violent and mindless .
like the longest 90 minutes of your movie-going life
like the old disease-of-the-week small-screen melodramas .
like the standard made-for-TV movie
With nary a glimmer of self-knowledge , ( Crane ) becomes more specimen than character -- and Auto Focus remains a chilly , clinical lab report
mundane story
mummified and thoroughly
music video show-off Higuchinsky
murkiest , intentionally obscure and self-indulgent pictures
: lots of ham , lots of cheese , with a sickly sweet coating to disguise its excrescence until just after ( or during ) consumption of its second half .
: who wants to see a comedy about shoddy airport security ?
: The Island of Lost Dreams writer\/director\/producer Robert Rodriguez has cobbled together a film that feels like a sugar high gone awry .
: Since when did dumb entertainment have to be this dumb
Cox is far more concerned with aggrandizing madness , not the man , and
Cox is far more concerned with aggrandizing madness , not the man ,
Crane 's decline
Cox is far more concerned with aggrandizing madness , not the man , and the results might drive you crazy
Critical
's movies about college that are written and directed by people who could n't pass an entrance exam .
's much too big for its britches
are brazen enough to attempt to pass this stinker off as a scary movie
are beginning to wear a bit thin .
's more determined to become the next Texas Chainsaw Massacre . But what about the countless other people who 'd merely like to watch a solid tale about a universally interesting soul ?
's more like entertainment for trolls
's more scatological action in 8 Crazy Nights than a proctologist is apt to encounter in an entire career
's more scatological action in 8 Crazy Nights than a proctologist is apt to encounter in an entire career .
's movies about college that are written and directed by people who could n't pass an entrance exam
never seems fresh and vital .
will have completely forgotten the movie by the time you get back to your car in the parking lot .
audacity and
audacity to view one of Shakespeare 's better known tragedies as a dark comedy
pathetically compare notes about their budding amours
pathetic junk
pathetic idea
pathetic as The Animal
pathetic , starving and untalented
patched in from an episode of Miami Vice
the weaknesses of both genres , more
, Stealing Harvard is a smorgasbord of soliloquies about nothing delivered by the former Mr . Drew Barrymore .
on audience patience
on badly-rendered CGI effects
that ca n't get sufficient distance from Leroy 's
that cares passionately about its subject , but too often becomes ponderous in its teaching of history , or lost in the intricate connections and multiple timelines of its story
that careens from dark satire to cartoonish slapstick
that children are hostages to fortune , that he makes the audience hostage to his swaggering affectation of seriousness
that confirms one 's worse fears about civilization as we know it
, like Bartleby , is something of a stiff -- an extra-dry office comedy that seems twice as long as its 83 minutes .
, like its title character , is repellantly out of control .
, like many before his , makes for snappy prose but a stumblebum of a movie .
, like me , think an action film disguised as a war tribute is disgusting to begin with
Too bad the former Murphy Brown does n't pop Reese back .
Too often , Son of the Bride becomes an exercise in trying to predict when a preordained `` big moment '' will occur and not `` if . ''
Too predictably , in fact .
Traffics in the kind of prechewed racial clichés that have already been through the corporate stand-up-comedy mill
Trailer trash cinema so uncool the only thing missing is the `` Gadzooks ! ''
uses a totally unnecessary prologue , just because it seems obligatory
piles layer upon layer of Action Man cliché atop wooden dialogue and a shifting tone that falls far short of the peculiarly moral amorality of ( Woo 's ) best work
pitiful Insurrection
pity anyone who sees this
piss on trees , b.s. one another
pitiful , slapdash disaster .
pity anyone who sees this mishmash .
, State Property does n't end up being very inspiring or insightful .
conflict
plods toward the end , less like a movie
malarkey
Slack and
, but it is n't as quirky as it thinks it is and its comedy is generally mean-spirited
, but it is n't as quirky as it thinks it is and its comedy is generally mean-spirited .
, but he appears miserable throughout as he swaggers through his scenes .
, but its not very informative about its titular character and no more challenging than your average television biopic
, but it otherwise drowns in a sea of visual and verbal clichés .
a pasolini film without passion or politics , or an almodovar movie without beauty or humor
The audacity to view one of Shakespeare 's better known tragedies as a dark comedy is , by itself , deserving of discussion .
a pasolini film without passion or politics ,
a pale imitation of the real deal
, but I was surprised at how quickly it faded from my memory .
drops the ball
, but Morvern Callar grows less compelling the farther it meanders from its shocking start .
it 's played in the most straight-faced fashion , with little humor to lighten things up . the heavy-handed film is almost laughable as a consequence .
it 's not helpful to listen to extremist name-calling , regardless of whether you think kissinger was a calculating fiend or just a slippery self-promoter .
it 's played in the most straight-faced fashion , with little humor to lighten things up . the heavy-handed film is almost laughable as a consequence
the ridiculous dialog or
though I like the creepy ideas , they are not executed with anything more than perfunctory skill
ploddingly sociological commentary
endless
endlessly
the audience with Spanish inquisitions about her '' madness '' so much that I became mad that I wasted 123 minutes and $ 9 .
how insufferable the character is
how it winds up affirming the same damn moldy values the material has always held dear
wildly implausible and
wildly implausible
has been overexposed , redolent of a thousand cliches , and
has been overexposed , redolent of a thousand cliches ,
has been overexposed , redolent of a thousand cliches
has been overexposed ,
has been overexposed
the Demons of his own fear and paranoia
is hitting your head on the theater seat in front of you when you doze off thirty minutes into the film .
is how it winds up affirming the same damn moldy values the material has always held dear
is hinged on the belief that knees in the crotch , elbows in the face and spit in the eye are inherently funny .
is hitting your head on the theater seat in front of you when you doze off thirty minutes into the film
is hinged on the belief that knees in the crotch , elbows in the face and spit in the eye are inherently funny
the abiding impression , despite the mild hallucinogenic buzz , is of overwhelming waste -- the acres of haute couture ca n't quite conceal that there 's nothing resembling a spine here .
the acres of haute couture ca n't quite conceal that there 's nothing resembling a spine here
the abiding impression , despite the mild hallucinogenic buzz , is of overwhelming waste
the abiding impression , despite the mild hallucinogenic buzz , is of overwhelming waste --
the abiding impression , despite the mild hallucinogenic buzz , is of overwhelming waste -- the acres of haute couture ca n't quite conceal that there 's nothing resembling a spine here
its worst when it 's actually inside the ring
its vision of nascent industrialized world politics as a new art form , but far too clunky , didactic and saddled with scenes that seem simply an ill fit for this movie
a mediocre screenplay
a mediocre movie trying to get out
a mediocre movie
a mediocre collection of cookie-cutter action scenes
a mediocre tribute to films like Them
this oppressively gloomy techno-horror clambake is impossible to ignore . But as a movie
afraid of the bad reviews
sometimes come across like nothing more than a glorified Nike ad
may , for whatever reason , be thinking about going to see this movie is hereby given fair warning
maudlin as any after-school special you can imagine
rushed ,
that anyone in his right mind would want to see the it
that allowed it to get made
the air leaks out of the movie , flattening its momentum with about an hour to go .
rushed , slapdash , sequel-for-the-sake -
rushed , slapdash , sequel-for-the-sake
rushed , slapdash ,
rushed , slapdash
moral schizophrenia
mope around trying to strike lightning
morality tale whose thought-provoking potential is hampered by a made-for-TV look , rigid performances and an asinine ` twist ' that brazenly rips off The Sixth Sense
morality tale whose thought-provoking potential is hampered by a made-for-TV look , rigid performances and an asinine ` twist ' that brazenly rips off The Sixth Sense .
morally ambiguous and nothing to shout about
morally ambiguous and nothing to shout about .
that lacks both a purpose and a strong pulse
forget about it by Monday , though
forget it
forget about it
forget about it by Monday
is beginning to creep into the series .
is as gritty as a movie gets these days
the airhead movie business deserves from him right now
that just does n't have big screen magic
Loses its sense of humor in a vat of failed jokes , twitchy acting , and general boorishness .
Loses its sense of humor in a vat of failed jokes , twitchy acting , and general boorishness
Loses its sense of humor
and undemanding armchair tourists
of a lesser Harrison Ford movie - Six Days , Seven Nights , maybe , or that dreadful Sabrina remake
and verbal clichés
a tough time emerging from between the badly dated cutesy-pie mystery scenario and the newfangled Hollywood post-production effects
a tough time
a tough sit
a totally formulaic movie
a tortuous comment that perfectly illustrates the picture 's moral schizophrenia
takes on Nickleby with all the halfhearted zeal of an 8th grade boy delving into required reading
incoherent jumble
incoherent , self-indulgent mess
incoherent , self-indulgent
include the 5 o'clock shadow on the tall wooden kid as he skips off to school
include extraordinary strength and laser-beam eyes , which unfortunately do n't enable them to discern flimsy screenplays
while the audience can tell it 's not all new
did director Ron Underwood manage to blow $ 100 million on this ?
did director Ron Underwood manage to blow $ 100 million on this
did dumb entertainment
did it have to seem like it took another thousand to tell it to us
did it ever get made
Britney Spears ' phoniness is nothing compared to the movie 's contrived , lame screenplay and listless direction .
Broomfield 's film does n't capture the effect of these tragic deaths on hip-hop culture
( H ) ad I suffered and bled on the hard ground of Ia Drang , I 'd want something a bit more complex than We Were Soldiers to be remembered by .
Movie fans , get ready to take off ... the other direction .
Moves in such odd plot directions and descends into such message-mongering moralism that its good qualities are obscured .
Most of the supporting characters in Eastwood films are weak , as are most of the subplots . This one 's weaker than most .
Slow and ponderous ,
has the disadvantage of also looking cheap .
As saccharine as it is disposable .
As with so many merchandised-to-the-max movies of this type , more time appears to have gone into recruiting the right bands for the playlist and the costuming of the stars than into the script , which has a handful of smart jokes and not much else .
As steamy as last week 's pork dumplings .
As with so many merchandised-to-the-max movies of this type
that you actually see it , unless you 're the kind of person who has seen every Wim Wenders film of the '70s
is predictable at every turn .
is predictable at every turn
is precious little of either .
a dazed and enervated , drenched-in-the - past
a daytime television serial
a dark mood that makes the film seem like something to endure instead of enjoy
sorrow
somewhat weakened by a miscast leading lady .
somewhat weakened by a miscast leading lady
somewhat melodramatic
Very stupid and annoying
Very stupid and annoying .
Very much a home video , and so devoid of artifice and purpose that it appears not to have been edited at all .
futile
furious
, you 'll be thinking of 51 ways to leave this loser .
, you 're going to feel like you were n't invited to the party .
, you 're far better served by the source material .
who can out-bad-act the other .
's so devoid of realism that its lack of whistles and bells just makes it obnoxious and stiff
's so devoid of realism
's so crammed with scenes and vistas and pretty moments that it 's left a few crucial things out , like character development and coherence .
's so badly made on every level that I 'm actually having a hard time believing people were paid to make it .
's so badly made on every level that I 'm actually having a hard time believing people were paid to make it
's so bad
appalling
who deserve more from a vampire pic than a few shrieky special effects
is more frustrating than a modem that disconnects every 10 seconds .
good actors , even Kingsley , are made to look bad
is getting old
is genial but never inspired , and little about it will stay with you .
is genial but never inspired , and little about it will stay with you
is generally mean-spirited
Deadly dull
Deadly dull , pointless meditation on losers in a gone-to-seed hotel .
the finest chef ca n't make a hotdog into anything more than a hotdog
to the concession stand and\/or restroom
shows a stationary camera on a subject that could be mistaken for giving a public oration , rather than contributing to a film 's narrative
was the unfulfilling , incongruous , `` wait a second
was vile enough .
was when Green threw medical equipment at a window ; not because it was particularly funny , but because I had a serious urge to grab the old lady at the end of my aisle 's walker and toss it at the screen in frustration
excuse to eat popcorn
ill-equipped to examine , the interior lives of the characters in his film , much less incorporate them into his narrative
exhilaratingly tasteless .
exhilaratingly tasteless
ill-considered
ill-advised and poorly
exist for hushed lines
ill-equipped
ill-constructed and fatally overlong
ill-constructed
ill-considered notion
the sogginess of its contemporary characters ,
some cocky pseudo-intellectual kid
Columbia Pictures ' perverse idea of an animated holiday movie
Comedian runs out of steam after a half hour .
Comes across as a fairly weak retooling
Comes across as a fairly weak retooling .
Comes off as a long
Comes off as a long , laborious whine , the bellyaching of a paranoid and unlikable man .
Comes off like a bad imitation of the Bard
a matter of plumbing arrangements and mind games , of no erotic or sensuous charge
a lower I.Q.
a lower I.Q. than when I had entered
a mask , Splat-Man
a matter of plumbing arrangements and mind games
terrible as the synergistic impulse that created it
get popcorn whenever he 's not onscreen
get through this frankly fantastical by-the-numbers B-flick with just a suspension of disbelief
get to its subjects ' deaths just so the documentary will be over
health with boundless energy until a few days before she dies . This is absolutely and completely ridiculous and
health with boundless energy until a few days before she dies . This is absolutely and completely ridiculous and an insult to every family whose mother has suffered through the horrible pains of a death by cancer
of death
a particularly toxic little bonbon ,
a particularly toxic little
a particularly toxic
a particularly nightmarish fairytale
feature sucked
nothing original in the way of slapstick sequences
nothing original
be the definition of a ` bad ' police shooting
with too many contrivances and goofy situations
to convey the same kind of haughtiness in its own sketchy material
with unlikable , spiteful idiots
with very little story or character
with which it tries to pump life into overworked elements from Eastwood 's Dirty Harry period
with zero-dimensional , unlikable characters and hackneyed , threadbare comic setups
to compensate for its incessant coarseness and banality
to contend with unpleasant characters , hit-and-miss performances and awkwardly staged scenes
pollution
on and on to the point of nausea
the plot offers few surprises
is a travesty of the genre and even as spoof takes itself too seriously
is a train wreck of an action film -- a stupefying attempt by the filmmakers to force-feed James Bond into the mindless XXX mold and throw 40 years of cinematic history down the toilet in favor of bright flashes and loud bangs .
is a train wreck of an action film -- a stupefying attempt by the filmmakers to force-feed James Bond into the mindless XXX mold and throw 40 years of cinematic history down the toilet in favor of bright flashes and loud bangs
is a totally formulaic movie
is a tired one , with few moments of joy rising above the stale material .
is a tired one ,
is a tired one
the plot almost arbitrary
is a triple-espresso endurance challenge
is a travesty of the genre and even as spoof takes itself too seriously .
sometimes almost senseless
the plot is both contrived and cliched
songbird Britney Spears has popped up with more mindless drivel .
this oppressively gloomy techno-horror clambake
only had a week to live
this one feels like a life sentence
this one feels like an impostor .
this one is pretty miserable , resorting to string-pulling rather than legitimate character development and intelligent plotting .
this one is so formulaic that it seems to be on auto-pilot
a one-joke movie
a nutjob
a number of holes
a not-great movie
a non-stop cry for attention
a one-joke movie , and
only ever walked the delicate tightrope between farcical and loathsome . In the wrong hands
only ever walked the delicate tightrope between farcical and loathsome . In the wrong hands , i . e . Peploe 's , it 's simply unbearable
is unlikely to demonstrate the emotional clout to sweep U . S . viewers off their feet
is unlikely to demonstrate the emotional clout to sweep U . S . viewers off their feet .
is utterly unlikeable
is undercut by its own head-banging obviousness .
is undone by a filmmaking methodology that 's just experimental enough to alienate the mainstream audience while ringing cliched to hardened indie-heads .
is uninteresting
its disgusting source material
is the alchemical transmogrification of Wilde into Austen -- and a Hollywood-ized Austen at that .
actually hurts to watch .
actually finding the characters in Slackers or their antics amusing , let alone funny
actually exploiting it yourself
the performances are so leaden
becomes too heavy for the plot .
becomes weighed down with agonizing contrivances , overheated pathos and long , wistful gazes
becomes weighed down with agonizing contrivances , overheated pathos and long , wistful gazes .
becoming boring and predictable
been 13 months and 295 preview screenings since I last walked out on a movie
is the equivalent of French hip-hop , which also seems to play on a 10-year delay .
Search
images of dissidents in the streets
scenes all end in someone screaming
have some idea of the fate that lies in store for moviegoers lured to the mediocrity that is Kung Pow : Enter the Fist
will notice distinct parallels between this story and the 1971 musical '' Bedknobs and Broomsticks , '' which also dealt with British children rediscovering the power of fantasy during wartime
gives Hollywood sequels a bad name
These spiders can outrun a motorcycle and wrap a person in a sticky cocoon in seconds , but they fall short of being interesting or entertaining
These spiders can outrun a motorcycle and wrap a person in a sticky cocoon in seconds , but they fall short of being interesting or entertaining .
These people would n't know subtle characterization if it put on a giant furry monster costume and then gave them a lapdance .
They felt like the same movie to me
They ought to be a whole lot scarier than they are in this tepid genre offering .
the haphazard administration of it and public misperception of how the whole thing works
an irritatingly unimaginative retread concept
cares if the story 's a little weak
carry on their parents ' anguish
( including one that seems to be made for a different film altogether )
, ` Swept Away ' sinks .
, ` Blade II ' just does n't cut it
, Windtalkers airs just about every cliche in the war movie compendium across its indulgent two-hour-and-fifteen-minute length .
, Vulgar is , truly and thankfully , a one-of-a-kind work .
Some writer dude , I think his name was , uh , Michael Zaidan , was supposed to have like written the screenplay or something ,
Some writer dude , I think his name was , uh , Michael Zaidan , was supposed to have like written the screenplay or something
petty
Some writer dude , I think his name was , uh , Michael Zaidan , was supposed to have like written the screenplay or something , but , dude ,
... Mafia , rap stars and hood rats butt their ugly heads in a regurgitation of cinematic violence that
... ( but ) Lohman 's moist
... Mafia , rap stars and hood rats butt their ugly heads in a regurgitation
... Mafia , rap stars and hood rats butt their ugly heads
yawner
deeply unsettling
deeply unsettling experience
they may be as history
they never succeed in really rattling the viewer
strives to be more , but does n't quite get there .
ugly
render it anything but laughable
ugly ideas instead of ugly behavior
Despite the authenticity of the trappings , the film is overblown in its plotting , hackneyed in its dialogue and anachronistic in its style .
I never thought I 'd say this , but I 'd much rather watch teens poking their genitals into fruit pies
I never thought I 'd say this , but I 'd much rather watch teens poking their genitals into fruit pies !
characters idiots
superficial .
The story of Trouble Every Day ... is so sketchy it amounts to little more than preliminary notes for a science-fiction horror film
The story of Trouble Every Day ... is so sketchy it amounts to little more than preliminary notes for a science-fiction horror film ,
The story of Trouble Every Day ... is so sketchy it amounts to little more than preliminary notes for a science-fiction horror film , and
The story is predictable , the jokes are typical Sandler fare , and the romance with Ryder is puzzling .
The story itself is actually quite vapid .
The story of Trouble Every Day ... is so sketchy it amounts to little more than preliminary notes for a science-fiction horror film , and the movie 's fragmentary narrative style makes piecing the story together frustrating difficult
The story of Trouble Every Day ... is so sketchy it amounts to little more than preliminary notes for a science-fiction horror film , and the movie 's fragmentary narrative style makes piecing the story together frustrating difficult .
( Denis ' ) story becomes a hopeless , unsatisfying muddle
( Denis ' ) bare-bones narrative more closely resembles an outline for a '70s exploitation picture than the finished product .
( Moore 's ) noisy
downbeat
draggy
stroked , luridly coloured , uni-dimensional nonsense machine that strokes the eyeballs while it evaporates like so much crypt mist in the brain .
convicted violent felons over those assigned to protect us from same
. That is made almost impossible by events that set the plot in motion .
Was that movie nothing more than a tepid exercise in trotting out a formula that worked five years ago but has since lost its fizz
Was that movie nothing more than a tepid exercise in
Was that movie nothing more than a tepid exercise in trotting out a formula that worked five years ago but has since lost its fizz ?
Watchable up until the point where the situations and the dialogue spin hopelessly out of control -- that is to say ,
Watchable up until the point where the situations and the dialogue spin hopelessly out of control -- that is to say
could use more of : spirit , perception , conviction
remotely topical or sexy
remotely probing or penetrating .
want to spend their time in the theater thinking up grocery lists and ways to tell their kids how not to act like Pinocchio
the movie does not do them justice
would not likely be so stupid as to get
it is exactly what it wants to be : an atrociously , mind-numbingly , indescribably bad movie . Unfortunately
it is essentially empty
it is flavorless
it is impossible to think of any film more challenging or depressing than The Grey Zone
it is interminable
it is n't as quirky as it thinks it is and its comedy is generally mean-spirited
I think it was Plato who said , ' I think , therefore I know better than to rush to the theatre for this one
I think it was Plato who said , ' I think , therefore I know better than to rush to the theatre for this one .
I think it was Plato who said , ' I think , therefore I know better than to rush to the theatre for this one . '
I valiantly struggled to remain interested , or at least conscious
be the worst thing to come out of national lampoon since class reunion
witless
What 's infuriating about Full Frontal
Western foreign policy - however well intentioned - can wreak havoc in other cultures
uneasily as a horror picture
that seems to be made for a different film altogether
Adroit but finally a trifle flat , Mad Love does n't galvanize its outrage the way , say
Adroit but finally a trifle flat , Mad Love does n't galvanize its outrage the way , say , Jane Campion might have done , but at least it possesses some .
Adults will certainly want to spend their time in the theater thinking up grocery lists and ways to tell their kids how not to act like Pinocchio . As for children
because relatively nothing happens
because there is no earthly reason other than money why this distinguished actor would stoop so low
become a classic , but forgive me if I 've come to expect more from this studio than some 79-minute after-school `` cartoon ''
in the long , dishonorable history of quickie teen-pop exploitation , like mike
in the long , dishonorable history of quickie teen-pop exploitation ,
in the long , dishonorable history of quickie teen-pop exploitation
them are funny , a few are sexy and none are useful in telling the story , which is paper-thin and decidedly unoriginal
Then you get another phone call warning you that if the video is n't back at Blockbuster before midnight , you 're going to face frightening late fees .
stories drowned by all too clever complexity
Their contrast is neither dramatic nor comic --
Their contrast is neither dramatic nor comic -- it 's just a weird fizzle
Then again , in a better movie , you might not have noticed .
Their contrast is neither dramatic nor comic -- it 's just a weird fizzle .
Their film falters , however , in its adherence to the Disney philosophy of required poignancy , a salute that I 'd hoped the movie would avoid .
be the worst special-effects creation of the year
be the worst thing to come out of National Lampoon since Class Reunion
be this dumb
a stultifyingly obvious one
be to this supposedly evenhanded presentation
wittgenstein
storytelling ,
it 's too much syrup and not enough fizz
it 's the worst movie I 've seen this summer
of what passes for sex in the movies look like cheap hysterics
rote drivel
to the abysmal Hannibal
Too timid
Too timid to bring a sense of closure to an ugly chapter of the twentieth century .
Topkapi this is not .
Too stagey , talky
Too stagey , talky -- and long -- for its own good .
Too stupid to be satire , too obviously hateful to be classified otherwise
Too stupid to be satire , too obviously hateful to be classified otherwise , Frank Novak 's irritating slice of lumpen life is as reliably soul-killing as its title is nearly meaningless .
heaviest
watching a glorified episode of '' 7th Heaven
Seems like something American and European gay movies were doing 20 years ago .
is , quite frankly , an insult to the intelligence of the true genre enthusiast
is , quite frankly , an insult to the intelligence of the true genre enthusiast .
is , despite its alleged provocation post-9 \ \/ 11 , an antique , in the end . As are its star , its attitude and its obliviousness
is , despite its alleged provocation post-9 \ \/ 11 , an antique , in the end . As are its star , its attitude and its obliviousness .
Feral and uncomfortable
to gloss over the no sense ending
to go along with all the weird stuff
to get us to this undetermined destination
a played-out idea
a piece of dreck disguised as comedy
a place alongside those other two recent Dumas botch-jobs
The part where nothing 's happening , or the part where something 's happening
The part where nothing 's happening ,
The pacing is glacial , the screenplay is stiff as a board ,
The pacing is glacial
The pacing is glacial , the screenplay is stiff as a board , and things heat up only in the movie 's final scenes
The pacing is glacial , the screenplay is stiff as a board , and
but unfortunately also
would seem to be surefire casting . The catch is that they 're stuck with a script that prevents them from firing on all cylinders .
does n't have his heart in it
does n't have sufficient heft to justify its two-hour running time
does n't go far enough
does n't go far enough .
does n't have any huge laughs in its story of irresponsible cops who love to play pranks
does n't have enough innovation or pizazz to attract teenagers
does n't fully satisfy either the die-hard Jason fans or those who can take a good joke .
does n't get much livelier in the three hours in between
does n't give us a character worth giving a damn about
does n't give us a character worth giving a damn about .
the pitiful
can do with a florid , overplotted , Anne Rice rock 'n' roll vampire novel before the built-in silliness of the whole affair defeats them
can disguise the emptiness at the center of the story
feeling like it was worth your seven bucks , even though it does turn out to be a bit of a cheat in the end
feeling embarrassed
wasting
the Venezuelans say things like '' si , pretty much '' and '' por favor , go home '' when talking to Americans . That 's muy loco , but no more ridiculous than most of the rest of '' Dragonfly . ''
clueless and inept
clueless and
clown clothes
clue you in on how bad the movie is
, led by Josef Bierbichler as Brecht and Monica Bleibtreu as Helene Weigel , his wife
the silly and crude storyline
has nothing
continuity errors
continues to systematically destroy everything we hold dear about cinema , only now it 's begun to split up so that it can do even more damage
continues to systematically destroy everything we hold dear about cinema , only now it 's begun to split up so that it can do even more damage .
sub-par
schmaltzy and clumsily
schlock-filled
schaeffer has to find some hook on which to hang his persistently useless movies , and it might as well be the resuscitation of the middle-aged character .
schmaltzy
the worst movies
the worst movies of one year
the worst kind of mythologizing , the kind that sacrifices real heroism and abject suffering for melodrama .
the worst movie of 2002
the worst kind of mythologizing ,
has seen the release of some of the worst film comedies in decades
Fears
we find ourselves longing for the block of wood to come back .
Mr . Shyamalan is undone by his pretensions .
takes itself too seriously
unhappy
unfortunately all the story gives us is flashing red lights , a rattling noise , and a bump on the head
flavorless
attempt by the filmmakers to force-feed James Bond into the mindless XXX mold and throw 40 years of cinematic history down the toilet in favor of bright flashes and loud bangs
unhappy , repressed and twisted
its energy ca n't compare to the wit , humor and snappy dialogue of the original
better described as a ghost story gone badly awry .
its difficult these days to appreciate Fire 's bright side .
betrayed by the surprisingly shoddy makeup work
-- and bad --
The lack of naturalness makes everything seem self-consciously poetic and forced ...
The lack of naturalness makes everything seem self-consciously poetic and forced
The lack
captive by mediocrity
captive by mediocrity .
can tolerate Leon Barlow
takes a hat-in-hand approach to Rowling that stifles creativity and allows the film to drag on for nearly three hours .
takes a hat-in-hand approach to Rowling that stifles creativity and allows the film to drag on for nearly three hours
takes its sweet time building to a climax that 's scarcely a surprise by the time
gives us episodic choppiness , undermining the story 's emotional thrust .
tub-thumpingly loud it makes you feel like a chump
of soliloquies about nothing delivered by the former Mr. Drew Barrymore
turn away from one another instead of talking
pathetic , dysfunctional and destructive
take a nap
so bad
so bleak
nude groupies
little more than a particularly slanted , gay s\/m fantasy ,
little more than a particularly slanted , gay s\/m fantasy
little more than a particularly slanted , gay s\/m fantasy , enervating and deadeningly drawn-out
little more than a particularly slanted , gay s\/m fantasy , enervating and
little more than a particularly slanted , gay s\/m fantasy , enervating
little more than preliminary notes for a science-fiction horror film
an even less capable trio
unfathomable
unexamined in this startlingly unfunny comedy
uneven narrative momentum
unfocused and underdeveloped
unfocused and
unfold with an astonishing lack of passion or uniqueness
I like my Christmas movies with more elves and snow and less pimps and ho 's .
which half of Dragonfly is worse : The part where nothing 's happening , or the part where something 's happening
small confined and dark spaces
which gives you an idea just how bad it was
the nightmare of war
( A ) shapeless blob of desperate entertainment .
've seen many times before
've seen this movie a thousand times before
generic scripts that seek to remake Sleepless in Seattle again and again
generic scripts
general absurdity
there 's also an abundance of hackneyed dialogue and more silly satanic business than you can shake a severed limb at .
there 's a sense that the crux of the mystery hinges on a technicality that strains credulity and leaves the viewer haunted by the waste of potential
graceless and devoid
there 's bad screenwriting
Killed My Father
If this is the Danish idea of a good time , prospective tourists might want to consider a different destination -- some jolly country embroiled in a bloody civil war , perhaps .
If this is satire , it 's the smug and self-congratulatory kind that lets the audience completely off the hook .
If this is the Danish idea of a good time
If this is an example of the type of project that Robert Redford 's lab is willing to lend its imprimatur to , then perhaps it 's time to rethink independent films .
If this holiday movie is supposed to be a gift , somebody unwrapped it early , took out all the good stuff , and left behind the crap ( literally ) .
If this is the resurrection of the Halloween franchise , it would have been better off dead .
does n't know the meaning of the word ` quit . '
does n't have much else ... especially
does n't have some fairly pretty pictures
does n't have all the answers
ca n't pronounce '' gyro '' correctly
the worst in otherwise talented actors
the worse it gets
the more irritating cartoons
was covered earlier and much better in Ordinary People
was being attempted here that stubbornly refused to gel
certainly got lost in the '' soon-to-be-forgettable '' section of the quirky rip-off prison romp pile .
had all its vital essence scooped out and discarded
had all its vital essence scooped
had all its vital essence scooped out
had all its vital essence scooped out and
certainly wo n't win any awards in the plot department
Too smart to ignore but a little too smugly superior to like , this could be a movie that ends up slapping its target audience in the face by shooting itself in the foot .
A great idea becomes a not-great movie .
is heavy on religious symbols but wafer-thin on dramatic substance
is in every way inferior to that of john
A grim , flat and boring werewolf
The warnings
subtlest and most complexly evil Uncle Ralph
the vagueness
the vagueness of topical excess
the very basic dictums
lured to the mediocrity that is Kung Pow : Enter the Fist
for Independence , complete with loads of CGI and bushels of violence , but not a drop of human blood
a culture of people who sadly are at hostile odds with one another through recklessness and retaliation
at the expense of its characters
a crummy , wannabe-hip crime comedy that refers incessantly to old movies , when you could just rent those movies instead , let alone seek out a respectable new one
feel like they 've been patched in from an episode of Miami Vice .
feel like three hours
feel like three hours .
feel like you 're watching an iceberg melt -- only
feel like you were n't invited to the party
a cut-and-paste
by forcing the star to play second fiddle to the dull effects that allow the suit to come to life
by every human who ever lived : too much to do , too little time to do it in
by folks worthy of scorn
only reiterates the old Hollywood saw
by its awkward structure and a final veering
through putrid writing , direction and timing with a smile that says , ` If I stay positive , maybe I can channel one of my greatest pictures , Drunken Master . '
before becoming mired in sentimentality
been-there material
been written as assembled , Frankenstein-like , out of other , marginally better shoot-em-ups
before I see this piece of crap again
coming from the amazingly lifelike Tara Reid , whose acting skills are comparable to a cardboard cutout
which fly by so fast there 's no time to think about them anyway
the intrigue , betrayal , deceit and murder
put to sleep by the movie
puts a small child in jeopardy ,
put you off the idea forever
prolonged extrusion
projects onto the screen -- loud , violent and mindless
promises , just not well enough
disturbance or detached pleasure
disturbing disregard
It 's still terrible
It 's sort of a 21st century morality play with a Latino hip hop beat . But the second half of the movie really goes downhill .
It 's sort of a 21st century morality play with a Latino hip hop beat . But the second half of the movie really goes downhill
It 's so laddish and juvenile
production exists only to capitalize on Hopkins ' inclination to play Hannibal Lecter again , even though Harris has no immediate inclination to provide a fourth book
most joyless
most insulting
most hopelessly monotonous film
Enduring love but exhausting cinema
Elysian Fields is idiotic and absurdly sentimental
the most tuneless tune
past my crappola radar
pass up
need 117 minutes to tell a tale that simply ca n't sustain more than 90 minutes
manipulation , an exploitation piece doing its usual worst to guilt-trip parents
manipulation ,
need a constant influx of liquid
manipulating our collective fear without bestowing the subject with the intelligence or sincerity it unequivocally deserves
Hollywood is n't laughing with us , folks
Hollywood is sordid and disgusting .
Hmmm ... might I suggest that the wayward wooden one end it all by stuffing himself into an electric pencil sharpener ?
Hollywood Ending is the most disappointing Woody Allen movie ever .
This is rote spookiness , with nary an original idea ( or role , or edit , or score , or anything , really ) in sight
a noticeable lack of pace . Or both
This is rote spookiness , with nary an original idea ( or role , or edit , or score , or anything , really ) in sight ,
a not particularly flattering spotlight
mild culture clashing in today 's New Delhi
such ` Have-yourself-a-happy-little-Holocaust ' movies
is to frighten and disturb
the Elizabethan prose
nascent industrialized world politics as a new art form , but far too clunky , didactic and saddled with scenes that seem simply an ill fit
of its banality
of its broad racial insensitivity towards African-Americans
nascent industrialized world politics as a new art form , but far too clunky , didactic and saddled with scenes that seem simply an ill fit for this movie
Skip the film and buy the Philip Glass soundtrack CD .
This is rote spookiness , with nary an original idea ( or role , or edit , or score , or anything , really ) in sight , and the whole of the proceedings beg the question ` Why ?
A loud , low-budget and tired formula film
A long-winded and stagy session of romantic contrivances that never really gels like the shrewd feminist fairy tale it could have been .
A thoroughly awful movie -- dumb , narratively chaotic , visually sloppy ... a weird amalgam of ` The Thing ' and a geriatric
A thoroughly awful movie --
A thoroughly awful movie -- dumb , narratively chaotic , visually sloppy ... a weird amalgam of ` The Thing ' and a geriatric ` Scream . '
A mawkish , implausible platonic romance that makes Chaplin 's City Lights seem dispassionate by comparison .
embarrassingly ham-fisted sex jokes
A mawkish , implausible platonic romance that makes Chaplin 's City Lights
This is standard crime drama fare ... instantly forgettable and thoroughly dull .
only a fleeting grasp of how to develop them
non-actors and a gritty , no-budget approach
embarrassingly ham-fisted
noisy
incapable of controlling his crew
incapable
Very bad .
Kevin Costner rests on his pretty-boy laurels
, you 're likely wondering why you 've been watching all this strutting and posturing .
, you 're desperate for the evening to end
, you 'll enjoy at least the '' real '' portions of the film . If you 're looking for a story , do n't bother .
can not engage .
can not engage
can not disguise the slack complacency of ( Godard 's ) vision , any more than the gorgeous piano and strings on the soundtrack can drown out the tinny self-righteousness of his voice .
can not be enjoyed , even on the level that one enjoys a bad slasher flick , primarily because it is dull .
most of its ilk
I became mad that I wasted 123 minutes and $ 9.50 on this 21st century
somewhere between an acute character study and a trite power struggle
somewhere between mirthless Todd Solondzian satire and callow student film
seem like a bad idea from frame one
seem all that profound , at least by way of what can be gleaned from this three-hour endurance test built around an hour 's worth of actual material
might not buy the ideas .
loses its ability to shock and amaze .
loses its ability to shock and amaze
lose
typical stalk-and-slash fare ,
two-day old porridge ... the filmmakers ' paws , sad to say , were all over this
typical ` fish out
two-day old porridge
uglier
ugliest
unforgivingly
You 'd be hard put to find a movie character more unattractive or odorous ( than Leon ) .
With a completely predictable plot
polemical tract
you wo n't get through this frankly fantastical by-the-numbers b-flick with just a suspension of disbelief . rather
you have some idea of the glum , numb experience of watching o fantasma
was made to get laughs from the slowest person in the audience -- just pure slapstick with lots of inane , inoffensive screaming and exaggerated facial expressions .
's nothing to gain from watching They
in its lack of poetic frissons
in just such a dungpile that you 'd swear you
in its yearning for the days
precious at the start and a little too familiar at the end
get in the way of saying something meaningful about facing death
get in FearDotCom is more like something from a bad Clive Barker movie . In other words
dumb story
So muddled , repetitive and ragged that it says far less about the horrifying historical reality than about the filmmaker 's characteristic style
dumb but occasionally
So putrid it is not worth the price of the match that should be used to burn every print of the film .
dumb but occasionally really funny
So verbally flatfooted and
dumb high school comedy
So verbally flatfooted and so emotionally predictable or bland
So we got Ten Little Indians meets Friday the 13th by way of Clean and Sober , filmed on the set of Carpenter 's The Thing and loaded with actors you 're most likely to find on the next inevitable incarnation of The Love Boat .
dumbed-down version
` Sacre bleu ! ' than ` Magnifique '
could fool us into thinking that we 're not watching a double
could be doing something else far more pleasurable . Something like scrubbing the toilet . Or emptying rat traps .
could be the worst thing Soderbergh has ever done
could be the worst thing Soderbergh has ever done .
could be the worst thing to come out of National Lampoon since Class Reunion
could benefit from a Three 's Company-style laugh track
pose as an actual feature movie , the kind that charges full admission and gets hyped on TV and purports to amuse small children and ostensible adults
portray its literarily talented and notorious subject as anything much more than a dirty old man
rather sad
rebellious
it is bland
it is all windup and not much of a pitch
it is as tedious as one
it is banal .
We never truly come to care about the main characters and whether or not they 'll wind up together , and Michele 's spiritual quest is neither amusing nor dramatic enough to sustain interest
a routine shocker
a routine crime thriller remarkable only for its lack of logic and misuse of two fine actors , Morgan Freeman and Ashley Judd .
a ruffle in what is already an erratic career
a routine crime
quite possibly the sturdiest example yet of why the DV revolution has cheapened the artistry of making a film
quite one of the worst movies of the year . It 's just merely very bad
`` How will you feel after an 88-minute rip-off of The Rock with action confined to slo-mo gun firing and random glass-shattering ? ''
move me to care about what happened in 1915 Armenia ? No . And that is where Ararat went astray
lo-fi as the special effects are
lo-fi
little to wipe away the jeweled beads of sweat
little clarity
The holiday message of the 37-minute Santa vs . the Snowman leaves a lot to be desired .
The holes in this film remain agape -- holes punched through by an inconsistent , meandering , and sometimes dry plot .
flounders under the weight of too many story lines .
flog the dead horse of surprise as if it were an obligation . How about surprising us by trying something new
argues
argue
A chilly , remote , emotionally distant piece ... so dull that its tagline should be : `
a flat script and
a flat script and a low budget
A chilly , remote , emotionally distant piece ... so dull that its tagline should be :
a fish that 's lived too long
a flat script
a fish-out-of-water gag
A chilly , remote , emotionally distant piece ... so dull that its tagline should be : ` In space , no one can hear you snore
shapeless and
A chilly , remote , emotionally distant piece ... so dull
shapeless documentary
share no chemistry or engaging charisma
share no chemistry or engaging charisma .
A chilly , remote , emotionally distant piece ...
nothing but familiar territory
nothing fresh or
an inarticulate screenplay
an inconclusive ending
A chilly , remote , emotionally distant piece ... so dull that its tagline should be
's equally distasteful to watch him sing the lyrics to `` Tonight .
nothing I had n't already seen .
an hour long . Nevertheless , it still seems endless
nothing but a sticky-sweet soap
Resembles a soft porn Brian De Palma pastiche .
hooker
Mad Love does n't galvanize its outrage the way ,
Depressingly thin and exhaustingly contrived . Only masochistic moviegoers need apply .
visceral , nasty journey
been told and retold
been this disappointed by a movie in a long time
been too many of these films
throwback to long gone bottom-of-the-bill fare like The Ghost and Mr . Chicken .
throwback to long gone bottom-of-the-bill fare like The Ghost and Mr . Chicken
throwing out so many red herrings , so many false scares ,
throwing up his hands in surrender
At the very least , if you do n't know anything about Derrida when you walk into the theater , you wo n't know much more when you leave .
At times , however , Dogtown and Z-Boys lapses into an insider 's lingo and mindset that the uninitiated may find hard to follow , or care about .
please not only the fanatical adherents on either side , but also people who know nothing about the subject and
Not even the Hanson Brothers can save it
Not counting a few gross-out comedies I 've been trying to forget , this is the first film in a long time that made me want to bolt the theater in the first 10 minutes .
Not counting a few gross-out comedies I 've been trying to forget
as a classic movie franchise ? Let 's hope not
as a dentist 's waiting room
as a documentary -- but not very Imaxy
sad ending
saddens
Not quite
Not quite as miraculous as its DreamWorks makers would have you believe
Not quite as miraculous as its DreamWorks makers
Not ` terrible filmmaking ' bad , but more like
Another wholly unnecessary addition to the growing , moldering pile of , well , extreme stunt pictures .
Another wholly unnecessary addition to the growing , moldering pile of , well , extreme stunt
Christmas-tree flocking in a spray can is to actual snow : a poor -- if durable -- imitation
Another boorish movie from the I-heard-a-joke
Another boorish movie
Another wholly unnecessary addition
Not that any of us
Another boorish movie from the I-heard-a-joke -
Not once in the rush to save the day did I become very involved in the proceedings ; to me , it was just a matter of ` eh . '
Not only does the thoroughly formulaic film represent totally exemplify middle-of-the-road mainstream
Not only does the thoroughly formulaic film represent totally exemplify middle-of-the-road mainstream , it also represents glossy Hollywood at its laziest .
Overwrought , melodramatic bodice-ripper
the scariest guy
Ethan Hawke 's strained Chelsea Walls
Essentially a collection of bits --
you suffer the dreadfulness of war from both sides
into a pulpy concept that , in many other hands would be completely forgettable
made-for-home-video quickie
made-for-TV movie
made without a glimmer of intelligence or invention
since it is exactly what it wants to be : an atrociously , mind-numbingly , indescribably bad movie . Unfortunately
the studio did n't offer an advance screening . '' The Adventures of Pluto Nash '' is a big time stinker
the same tired old gags ,
uncertainties
some awful acting and
some awful acting
The town has kind of an authentic feel , but each one of these people stand out and everybody else is in the background and it just seems manufactured to me and artificial .
since '' Ca n't Stop The Music . '' It may as well be called '' Jar-Jar Binks : The Movie . '' It 's that painful
The trappings of I Spy are so familiar you might as well be watching a rerun .
needless
fluke
unwatchable drivel
unwatchable
pick apart its faults
Stale and
Boy , has this franchise ever run out of gas .
Stale and clichéd to a fault .
the price of admission ? Absolutely not . It sucked .
the price of the match that should be used to burn every print of the film
the price of admission ? Absolutely not . It sucked . Would I see it again ?
for boring
` juvenile delinquent ' paperbacks
bluff
` masterpiece ' and ` triumph ' and all that malarkey
fatality , classism
familial jealousy and
given the embarrassing script and weak direction
gave me no reason to care
garnish . Not only is entry number twenty the worst of the Brosnan bunch
gaudy Hawaiian shirt
Skip this turd
of ineptly
the bad lighting
titled , given the heavy-handedness of it drama
this Halloween is a gory slash-fest . It ca n't escape its past , and
this Halloween is a gory slash-fest . It ca n't escape its past ,
this Halloween is a gory slash-fest . It ca n't escape its past , and it does n't want to .
this Italian freakshow
Skip this turd and pick your nose instead because you 're sure to get more out of the latter experience .
Skip this turd and pick your nose instead because you 're sure to get more out of the latter experience
pandering middle-age
pandering middle-age buddy-comedy
possibly the weakest movie ( Woody Allen )
possibly the weakest movie ( Woody Allen ) has made in the last twenty years
possibly prompting audience members to wonder , ` What 's the point ? '
possibly the weakest movie
who enjoy mindless action without the benefit of decent acting , writing , and direction
who has been mass-murdering since 1978 but has never been seen doing laundry
that should 've been so much more even if it was only made for teenage boys and wrestling fans
the characters are too strange and dysfunctional , Tom included , to ever get under the skin
You 'll trudge out of the theater feeling as though you rode the Zipper after eating a corn dog and an extra-large cotton candy .
the chills
, Sia lacks visual flair .
, Punch-Drunk Love is one of those films that I wanted to like much more than I actually did .
Sushi for the connoisseurs of the macabre .
Super Troopers suffers from a bad case of arrested development .
splatterfests
spiteful idiots
spits out
splatter
who are trying to make their way through this tragedy
Piper Perabo in what
a leash -- far too polite to scale the lunatic heights of Joe Dante 's similarly styled Gremlins
may sound like it was co-written by Mattel executives and lobbyists for the tinsel industry
may well put the nail in the coffin of any future Rice adaptations
childish
cheesy commercialism
to be in a contest to see who can out-bad-act the other . ( Kirshner wins , but it 's close . )
as distasteful
scratching your head in amazement over the fact
as often it 's meandering , low on energy , and too eager to be quirky at moments when a little old-fashioned storytelling would come in handy
as one of the worst films of the summer
more self-absorbed women than the mother and daughters featured in this film ? I do n't think so . Nothing wrong with performances here , but the whiney characters bugged me
more self-absorbed women than the mother and daughters featured in this film ? I do n't think so . Nothing wrong with performances here , but
more self-absorbed women than the mother and daughters featured in this film ? I do n't think so .
, claustrophobic
, compulsive life
you skip will be two hours gained .
Leaves us wondering less about its ideas and more about its characterization of Hitler and the contrived nature of its provocative conclusion .
Leaves us wondering less about its ideas and more about its characterization of Hitler and the contrived nature of its provocative conclusion
a matter of ( being ) in a shrugging mood
sleep-deprived
brutal birth
surrounding its ludicrous and contrived plot
directions and descends into such message-mongering moralism that its good qualities are obscured .
directions and descends into such message-mongering moralism that its good qualities are obscured
directed the film from the back of a taxicab
directed trifles
( and not-so-hot
( and not-so-hot )
( and fairly unbelievable ) finale
beaten to a pulp in his Dangerous Game
lightweight filmmaking
Men in Black II creates a new threat for the MIB , but recycles the same premise .
Men in Black II , '' has all the earmarks of a sequel . The story is less vibrant , the jokes are a little lukewarm , but
Men in Black II , '' has all the earmarks of a sequel . The story is less vibrant , the jokes are a little lukewarm , but will anyone really care
Merely ( and literally ) tosses around sex toys and offers half-hearted paeans to empowerment that are repeatedly undercut by the brutality of the jokes , most at women 's expense .
is too short
Men in Black II has sequel-itis something fierce . An ungainly , comedy-deficient , B-movie rush job ...
A big fat pain .
A baffling subplot involving smuggling drugs inside Danish cows falls flat , and if you 're going to alter the Bard 's ending , you 'd better have a good alternative .
A baffling subplot involving smuggling drugs inside Danish cows falls flat , and if you 're going to alter the Bard 's ending , you 'd better have a good alternative
a drowsy drama infatuated by its own pretentious self-examination
see mediocre cresting on the next wave
too-frosty exterior
a drag how Nettelbeck sees working women -- or at least this working woman -- for whom she shows little understanding
a drag
a drawling , slobbering , lovable run-on sentence
a droll sense
It does n't offer audiences any way of gripping what its point is , or even its attitude toward its subject .
It does n't take a rocket scientist to figure out that this is a Mormon family movie , and a sappy , preachy one at that .
It does n't really know or care about the characters , and uses them as markers for a series of preordained events
It ends up being neither , and fails at both endeavors .
It drowns in sap .
It feels like very light Errol Morris , focusing on eccentricity but failing , ultimately , to make something bigger out of its scrapbook of oddballs .
It follows the Blair Witch formula for an hour , in which we 're told something creepy and vague is in the works , and
too often strains
too much like an infomercial for Ram Dass 's latest book
too much like an infomercial for Ram Dass 's latest book aimed at the boomer
constantly checking their watches
, best known for the superfluous Notting Hill
Some of the characters die and others do n't , and the film pretends that those living have learned some sort of lesson , and , really , nobody in the viewing audience cares .
Some of the characters die and others do n't , and the film pretends that those living have learned some sort of lesson , and , really , nobody in the viewing audience cares
comes up with a kind of art-house gay porn film
Some of the characters die and others do n't , and the film pretends that those living have learned some sort of lesson , and , really ,
Some of the characters die and others do n't , and the film pretends that those living have learned some sort of lesson , and
comes to no good
with actors you 're most likely to find on the next inevitable incarnation of The Love Boat
short of being interesting or entertaining
... post-September 11 , `` The Sum Of All Fears '' seems more tacky and reprehensible , manipulating our collective fear without bestowing the subject with the intelligence or sincerity it unequivocally deserves .
whole damned thing
... plays like a badly edited , 91-minute trailer ( and ) the director ca n't seem to get a coherent rhythm going .
Bears is even worse than I imagined a movie ever could be .
Bears wastes an exceptionally good idea .
Bean drops the ball too many times ... hoping the nifty premise will create enough interest to make up for an unfocused screenplay .
Bean drops the ball too many times ...
Bean drops the ball too many times ... hoping the nifty premise will create enough interest to make up for an unfocused screenplay
Bean drops the ball too many times
Be forewarned , if you 're depressed about anything before watching this film , you may just end up trying to drown yourself in a lake afterwards .
, I could feel my eyelids ... getting ... very ... heavy ...
, I did n't care
, I assign one bright shining star to Roberto Benigni 's Pinocchio -- but I guarantee that no wise men will be following after it .
, I ca n't compare Friday After Next to them
, I Spy has all the same problems the majority of action comedies have .
, Howard 's film is really a series of strung-together moments , with all the spaces in between filled with fantasies , daydreams , memories and one fantastic visual trope after another .
, I 'd rather watch them on the Animal Planet .
use more poetic license
, there 's nothing here to match that movie 's intermittent moments of inspiration .
, there 's apparently nothing left to work with , sort of like Michael Jackson 's nose .
, then it 's the perfect cure for insomnia .
, then becomes Bring it On , then becomes unwatchable
weakened
well , that even a simple '' Goddammit ! ''
weakened by a miscast leading lady
well , that even a simple '' Goddammit ! '' near the end takes on a whole other meaning
well , that even a simple '' Goddammit ! '' near the end
for the superfluous Notting Hill
Russell lacks the visual panache , the comic touch , and perhaps the budget of Sommers 's title-bout features .
us to care about a young man whose only apparent virtue is that he is not quite as unpleasant as some of the people in his life
unfocused , excruciatingly tedious
short of its Ideal predecessor largely due to Parker 's ill-advised meddling with the timeless source material
unfocused , excruciatingly tedious cinema
Feels aimless for much of its running time , until late in the film when a tidal wave of plot arrives , leaving questions in its wake .
Features nonsensical and laughable plotting , wooden performances , ineptly directed action sequences and some of the worst dialogue in recent memory .
Features nonsensical and laughable plotting , wooden performances
Features nonsensical and laughable plotting
All of the elements are in place for a great film noir , but director George Hickenlooper 's approach to the material is too upbeat .
All movie long , City by the Sea swings from one approach to the other , but in the end , it stays in formula -- which is a waste of De Niro , McDormand and the other good actors in the cast .
is contrived , unmotivated , and psychologically unpersuasive ,
is contrived , unmotivated , and psychologically unpersuasive
is constructed around a core of flimsy -- or , worse yet , nonexistent -- ideas
is confusing on one level or another , making Ararat far more demanding than it needs to be .
is confusing on one level or another , making Ararat far more demanding than it needs to be
is concocted and carried out by folks worthy of scorn
is contrived , unmotivated , and psychologically unpersuasive , with an inconclusive ending .
is contrived , unmotivated , and psychologically unpersuasive , with an inconclusive ending
you 'd think filmmaker Simon Wells would have more reverence for the material . But this costly dud is a far cry from either the book or the beloved film .
that does not include the 5 o'clock shadow on the tall wooden kid as he skips off to school
that does not move
that does n't come close to the level of intelligence and visual splendour that can be seen in other films
that do n't add up to a whole lot of sense
that does n't exactly favour the audience
that does n't compare to the brilliant original
that dreadful Sabrina remake
While the story 's undeniably hard to follow
to long for the end credits
to little more than punishment
to make J.K. Rowling 's marvelous series into a deadly bore
to make as anti-Kieslowski a pun as possible
a bit exploitative
a bit disappointing
both in breaking codes and making movies
sucks the humanity from the film
most of the pitfalls you 'd expect in such a potentially sudsy set-up
For a film that 's being advertised as a comedy , Sweet Home Alabama is n't as funny as you 'd hoped . For a film that 's being advertised as a comedy
wear down possible pupils through repetition
Over-the-top and a bit ostentatious
One Hour Photo is an intriguing snapshot of one man and his delusions ; it 's just too bad it does n't have more flashes of insight .
the filmmaking in Invincible is such that the movie does not do them justice
any of them list this ` credit ' on their resumes in the future
any more than the gorgeous piano and strings on the soundtrack can drown out the tinny self-righteousness of his voice
the shallow sensationalism characteristic of soap opera
any redeeming value whatsoever
most offensive thing
than Saving Private Ryan . He may have meant the Internet short Saving Ryan 's Privates .
The Last Kiss will probably never achieve the popularity of My Big Fat Greek Wedding , but
revenge and
really bad Blair Witch Project
precarious
preaching message
old story
fell apart
skirts around any scenes that might have required genuine acting from Ms. Spears
slack complacency
slapdash disaster
slapdash disaster .
slight to be called any kind of masterpiece
and disturbing
a modem that disconnects every 10 seconds
a monopoly on mindless action
and fear
on its own , it 's not very interesting . as a remake , it 's a pale imitation
on its own , it 's not very interesting . as a remake , it 's a pale imitation .
so-inept - it 's -
on its empty head
on '' stupid
on its own , it 's not very interesting
is an unsettling sight , and indicative of his , if you will , out-of-kilter character , who rambles aimlessly through ill-conceived action pieces
is an unpleasantly shallow and immature character with whom to spend 110 claustrophobic minutes .
is an unpleasantly shallow and immature character with whom to spend 110 claustrophobic minutes
is anything but fun .
is anything but fun
is appropriately titled , given the heavy-handedness of it drama .
uses his usual modus operandi of crucifixion
is that he obviously does n't have his heart in it .
is that if the concept is a poor one , there 's no saving the movie . Sorry , Charlie
is that it 's forced to make its characters idiots in order to advance the plot
is that it 's not as obnoxious as Tom Green 's Freddie Got Fingered
is that it comes across rather too plainly as allegory
is that it comes across rather too plainly as allegory .
The Master of Disguise is funny -- not `` ha ha '' funny , `` dead circus performer '' funny
is that it jams too many prefabricated story elements into the running time
so wrong
absurdist spider web .
An occasionally funny , but overall limp , fish-out-of-water story .
abusers
An overblown clunker
those contrived ,
how on earth anyone , anywhere could have thought they 'd make audiences guffaw with a script as utterly diabolical as this
self-congratulatory 3D
those daytime programs ' slickness and sophistication ( and who knew they even had any ? )
graceless and
self-glorification and a manipulative whitewash
graceless and ugly
grand fart
of Ramsay 's portrait of grief
the predictable plot to the characters straight out of central casting
the predictable plot
sloppy , made-for-movie comedy special
in any way demeaning its subjects
Reign of Fire may be little more than another platter of reheated Aliens
make Jay and Silent Bob 's Excellent Adventure seem understated
major problem
unsubtle and
a movie that , quite simply , should n't have been made
a movie that , quite simply , should n't have been made .
The writers , director Wally Wolodarsky , and all the actors should start their own coeducational fraternity : Kappa Rho Alpha Phi .
The young stars are too cute ; the story and ensuing complications are too manipulative
The young stars are too cute ; the story and ensuing complications are too manipulative ;
The young stars are too cute ; the story and ensuing complications are too manipulative ; the message is too blatant
The young stars are too cute ; the story and ensuing complications are too manipulative ; the message is too blatant ;
so many bad romances out there
so it 's not a brilliant piece of filmmaking , but
well-worn video box cover
Made to be Jaglomized is the Cannes Film Festival , the annual Riviera spree of flesh , buzz , blab and money .
Hmmm
Hip-hop prison thriller of stupefying absurdity .
His Secret Life is light , innocuous and unremarkable .
with disorienting force
Each scene wreaks of routine
Each of these stories has the potential for Touched by an Angel simplicity and sappiness
EXIT sign
a very cliched drum
familiar and predictable , and 4\/5ths of it
familiar and predictable , and
faltering half-step
familiar -- and not in a good way
familiar and predictable ,
familiar and insufficiently cathartic
matched only by the ridiculousness of its premise
effective and claustrophobic
match mortarboards with Dead Poets Society and Good Will Hunting than by its own story
match their own creations for pure venality -- that 's giving it the old college try
deserve but rarely receive it
may have been a good film in `` Trouble Every Day
may fall fast asleep .
From the choppy editing to the annoying score to ` special effects ' by way of replacing objects in a character 's hands below the camera line
From its nauseating spinning credits sequence to a very talented but underutilized supporting cast , Bartleby squanders as much as it gives out .
From its nauseating spinning credits sequence to a very talented but underutilized supporting cast
Friday the 13th by way of Clean and Sober ,
From the choppy editing to the annoying score to ` special effects ' by way of replacing objects in a character 's hands below the camera line , '' Besotted '' is misbegotten
the filmmakers ' paws , sad to say , were all over this `` un-bear-able '' project
Both shrill and soporific , and because everything is repeated five or six times , it can seem tiresomely simpleminded .
not fully
The film feels formulaic , its plot and pacing typical Hollywood war-movie stuff , while the performances elicit more of a sense of deja vu than awe .
The film has a laundry list of minor shortcomings
not-at-all-good
not to make fun of these curious owners of architectural oddities
not that funny
Even if you 're an Elvis person , you wo n't find anything to get excited about on this DVD .
Even kids deserve better
Even on its own ludicrous terms , The Sum of All Fears generates little narrative momentum , and invites unflattering comparisons to other installments in the Ryan series .
Even if it is generally amusing from time to time , I Spy has all the same problems the majority of action comedies have .
Even if it made its original release date last fall
Even if it made its original release date last fall , it would 've reeked of a been-there , done-that sameness .
Even when Crush departs from the 4W formula ... it feels like a glossy rehash .
( The kid 's ) just too bratty for sympathy , and
( The kid 's ) just too bratty for sympathy ,
( The kid 's ) just too bratty for sympathy , and as the film grows to its finale , his little changes ring hollow .
( The kid 's ) just too bratty for sympathy , and as the film grows to its finale , his little changes ring hollow
( The film 's ) taste for '' shock humor '' will wear thin on all but those weaned on the comedy of Tom Green and the Farrelly Brothers
( The film 's ) taste for '' shock humor '' will wear thin on all but
( The kid 's ) just too bratty for sympathy
( The film 's ) taste for '' shock humor '' will wear thin on all but those weaned on the comedy of Tom Green and the Farrelly Brothers .
( Toback 's ) fondness for fancy split-screen , stuttering editing and pompous references to Wittgenstein and Kirkegaard ...
The characters seem one-dimensional , and the film is superficial and will probably be of interest primarily to its target audience .
The chocolate factory without Charlie .
dupe the viewer into taking it all as Very Important simply because the movie is ugly to look at and not a Hollywood product
The cinematic equivalent of patronizing a bar favored by pretentious , untalented artistes who enjoy moaning about their cruel fate .
dumbfoundingly , mind-numbingly bad .
dupe
dupe the viewer
dupe the viewer into taking it all as Very Important
dumb , narratively chaotic , visually sloppy ... a weird amalgam of ` The Thing ' and a geriatric
dumb drug jokes and
dumb drug jokes and predictable slapstick
dumb entertainment have to be this dumb
uni-dimensional
unholy mess
unholy
a critical and commercial disaster
kills on auto-pilot
grown tired of going where no man has gone before
growing old
guess why the cast and crew did n't sign a pact to burn the negative and the script and pretend the whole thing never existed
unanswered questions that it requires gargantuan leaps of faith just to watch it
of Robert Altman 's lesser works
which become strangely impersonal and abstract
which also seems to play on a 10-year delay
unadorned
which fails to keep 80 minutes from seeming like 800
If you adored The Full Monty so resoundingly that you 're dying to see the same old thing in a tired old setting
If you 're not fans of the adventues of Steve and Terri , you should avoid this like the dreaded King Brown snake . Personally , I 'd rather watch them on the Animal Planet .
If you 're over 25 , have an IQ over 90 , and have a driver 's license
If you 're over 25 , have an IQ over 90 , and have a driver 's license , you should be able to find better entertainment .
If you 're really renting this you 're not interested in discretion in your entertainment choices
untalented
until it veered off too far into the Exxon zone , and left me behind at the station looking for a return ticket to realism
until then there 's always these rehashes to feed to the younger generations
, but it 's the kind of motion picture that wo n't make much of a splash when it 's released , and will not be remembered long afterwards
as Jolie 's hideous yellow ` do
shallowly
is hindered by a central plot that 's peppered with false starts and populated by characters who are nearly impossible to care about .
is hindered by a central plot that 's peppered with false starts and populated by characters who are nearly impossible to care about
is as predictable as the tides
no foundation
no explanation or even plot relevance
no energy
no explanation
this dreck
this dud
this domestic tragedy
this doting mother
this doting mother would shun her kids , travel to one of the most dangerous parts of the world , don fatigues and become G . I . Jane
this delibrately obtuse and unapproachable .
of quiet desperation
as I slogged my way through Clockstoppers
is actually dying a slow death , if the poor quality of Pokemon 4 Ever is any indication
is about as interesting
is about as interesting as a recording of conversations at the Wal-Mart checkout line
with nutty cliches and far too much dialogue
me pray for an even more interesting , less symmetrical , less obviously cross-shaped creation
stultifyingly obvious
stunningly trite
to see a movie that takes such a speedy swan dive from `` promising '' to `` interesting '' to `` familiar '' before landing squarely on `` stupid ''
more celluloid
more challenging or depressing
more bizarre than actually amusing
more bizarre than
more by a desire to match mortarboards with Dead Poets Society and Good Will Hunting than by its own story
more bluster
the funniest person in the film , which gives you an idea just how bad it was
fingering problems than finding solutions
insulting
By no means a slam-dunk and sure to ultimately disappoint the action fans who will be moved to the edge of their seats by the dynamic first act
systematically destroy everything we hold dear about cinema , only now it 's begun to split up so that it can do even more damage
from the bland songs to the colorful but flat drawings
's just because this past year has seen the release of some of the worst film comedies in decades
impressive and yet lacking about everything
improperly hammy performance
the cumulative effect of the relentless horror on parade
Whaley 's determination to immerse you in sheer , unrelenting wretchedness
the death
depressing
derived from a lobotomy
derivative and done to death
derived from a lobotomy ,
derived from a lobotomy , having had all its vital essence scooped out and discarded
an 85-minute brush-up course
of the near-disaster
is a monument to bad in all its florid variety
is a monument to bad in all its florid variety .
is a misfire
is a movie about a bus wreck that turns into a film wreck
is a movie about a bus wreck that turns into a film wreck .
have to worry about being subjected to farts , urine , feces , semen , or any of the other foul substances
more likely to remember the haunting images than the plot holes
more guilty of criminal activity
generally insulting
a movie without an apparent audience
a movie where the most notable observation is how long you 've been sitting still
a movie which obviously did n't invest much into itself either
draw out the menace of its sparse dialogue
dramatize life 's messiness
dramaturgy
The movie takes itself too seriously and , as a result , it makes for only intermittent fun .
The moviegoing equivalent of going to a dinner party and being forced to watch the host and hostess 's home video of their baby 's birth .
Such a fine idea for a film , and such a stultifying , lifeless execution .
Such a wildly uneven hit-and-miss enterprise , you ca n't help suspecting that it was improvised on a day-to-day basis during production .
Ignorant
this halloween
angry potshots
angling to see how many times they can work the words '' radical '' or '' suck ''
angling to see how many times they can work the words '' radical '' or '' suck '' into a sentence
to pity the ` plain ' girl who becomes a ravishing waif after applying a smear of lip-gloss . Rather , pity anyone who sees this mishmash
does n't really believe in it
does n't quite make the cut of being placed on any list of favorites .
does n't really believe in it ,
does n't really care about the thousands of Americans who die hideously
does n't really believe in it , and breaks the mood with absurdly inappropriate ` comedy ' scenes
does n't really deliver for country music fans or for family audiences
does n't show enough of the creative process or even of what was created for the non-fan to figure out what makes Wilco a big deal .
's continuing exploration of homosexuality in America
Going to this movie is a little like chewing whale blubber
Going to this movie is a little like chewing whale blubber -
bring anything new to the proverbial table
Most of the problems with the film
Astonishing is n't the word -- neither is incompetent , incoherent or just plain crap
winds up accomplishing neither in full , and leaves us feeling touched and amused by several moments and ideas , but
if high crimes were any more generic it
if high crimes were any more generic it would have a universal product code instead of a title .
winces , clutches
Filled with low-brow humor , gratuitous violence and a disturbing disregard for life .
winds up looking like a bunch of talented thesps slumming it
is a great story , terrifically told by the man who wrote it but this Cliff Notes edition is a cheat .
is a horrible movie
is a horrible movie --
of admission for the ridicule factor
of all vintage-TV spinoffs
of an action film
the trivial , cash-in features
the tragic loss
into an abyss of clichés , depression and bad alternative music
into an excruciating film
hellish conditions
into bizarre , implausible behavior
into by-the-numbers territory
into an inhalant blackout
into clichés
into comedy futility
blade-thin characters
trash
the inability
filled with scams within scams within scams
who resorts to desperate measures
honest working man John Q . Archibald , on a pedestal , then keeps lifting the pedestal higher
honestly , I did n't care
who predictably finds it difficult to sustain interest in his profession after the family tragedy . Too predictably , in fact
're - doing-it-for - the-cash
're down
're desperate for the evening to end
creepy ideas
look at , but its not very informative about its titular character and no more challenging than your average television biopic
look almost Shakespearean -- both in depth and breadth -- after watching this digital-effects-heavy , supposed family-friendly comedy
look a lot like this alarming production , adapted from Anne Rice 's novel The Vampire Chronicles
toxic in its own right
towards my long-suffering eyeballs
to plodding and back
've watched nothing but a pale imitation of the real deal
even when dramatic things happen to people . It labours as storytelling
even the most jaded cinema audiences will leave the auditorium feeling dizzy , confused , and totally disorientated .
snowballs out of control , while focusing on the what much more than the why
amounts to is a mildly funny , sometimes tedious , ultimately insignificant film
amounts to little more than preliminary notes for a science-fiction horror film
imagine having more fun watching a documentary
both the writing and cutting , it does not achieve the kind of dramatic unity that transports you .
a Kiss wants desperately to come off as a fanciful film about the typical problems of average people . But it is set in a world that is very , very far from the one most of us
victims of the arrogant '' if we put together a wry white man and a chatty black man and give them guns , the movie will be funny
To build a feel-good fantasy around a vain dictator-madman
To better understand why this did n't connect with me would require another viewing , and I wo n't be sitting through this one again ... that in itself is commentary enough .
To better understand why this did n't connect with me would require another viewing , and I wo n't be sitting through this one again
To better understand why this did n't connect with me would require another viewing , and
To better understand why this did n't connect with me would require another viewing , and I wo n't be sitting through this one again ... that in itself is commentary enough
To be influenced chiefly by humanity 's greatest shame , reality shows -- reality shows for God 's sake ! -- is a crime that should be punishable by chainsaw .
To be influenced chiefly by humanity 's greatest shame
distracting special effects and visual party tricks
disturbing way
ditsy
more hackneyed elements
too gory to be a comedy and too silly to be an effective horror film
the sort of movie that discourages American audiences from ever wanting to see another foreign film
cheap junk
cheap scam
cheap porn
cheap junk and an insult to their death-defying efforts
cheap junk and
cheapen the overall effect
cheapen
the emphasis on self-empowering schmaltz and
the empty stud knockabout
in its chicken heart , crush goes to absurd lengths to duck the very issues it raises
in its chicken heart , crush goes to absurd lengths to duck the very issues it raises .
illicit more than a chuckle , and more jokes land
the humans are acting like puppets
Too much of the humor falls flat .
Too much of it feels unfocused and underdeveloped .
Too much of it
Too many improbabilities and rose-colored situations
Too many improbabilities and
Too many improbabilities
Too loud , too long and too frantic by half , Die Another Day suggests that the Bond franchise has run into a creative wall that 007 can not fly over , tunnel under or barrel through .
Too loud , too long and too frantic by half
` terrorists
` it 's just a kids ' flick
` terrible filmmaking ' bad , but more like , ' I once had a nightmare like this , and it 's now coming true ' bad .
` terrible filmmaking ' bad , but more like , ' I once had a nightmare like this , and it 's now coming true ' bad
` terrible filmmaking ' bad , but more like , ' I once had a nightmare like this , and
` terrible filmmaking ' bad , but more like , ' I once had a nightmare like this ,
it 's impossible to care
it 's impossible to care who wins
it 's icky .
it 's hardly over before it begins to fade from memory
it 's hardly watchable
tends to pile too many '' serious issues '' on its plate at times ,
from the fact that the film idiotically uses the website feardotcom . com or the improperly hammy performance from poor Stephen Rea
from the dullest science fiction
from the awkwardness that results from adhering to the messiness of true stories
spiritless , silly and monotonous
from the guy-in-a-dress genre
from the flawed support structure holding Equilibrium up
tepid
a grenade with his teeth
a grenade
Overcomes its visual hideousness
May puzzle his most ardent fans .
May offend viewers not amused by the sick sense of humor .
Max is static , stilted .
Maybe there 's a metaphor here , but figuring it out would n't make Trouble Every Day any better .
to salvage this lifeless boxing film
all its moodiness
a stereotypical one
does give you a peek . The main problem being that it 's only a peek .
does give you a peek . The main problem being that it 's only a peek
does a terrific job conjuring up a sinister , menacing atmosphere though unfortunately all the story gives us is flashing red lights , a rattling noise , and a bump on the head
Talky , artificial and opaque
Talky , artificial and opaque ... an interesting technical exercise , but a tedious picture .
can no longer
can no longer handle the rigors of filmmaking
cannibal
blast even the smallest sensitivities from the romance
blank yearning
bland to be interesting
is not handled well
bland as a block of snow
The Guys still feels counterproductive
The Hanukkah spirit seems fried in pork .
The Hood , this movie strives to be more , but does n't quite get there .
treating her as little more than a prop to be cruelly tormented
from MTV schmucks who do n't know how to tell a story for more than four minutes
and a gritty , no-budget approach
and a nonstop parade of mock-Tarantino scuzbag types that starts out clever but veers into overkill
would sink Laurence Olivier
you laugh once ( maybe twice )
fills me with revulsion .
tired
to say its total promise is left slightly unfulfilled
ragged , cheap and unassuming way
ticking time bombs and other Hollywood-action cliches
tick off every point of '' The Longest Yard '' playbook like a checklist .
gutter romancer 's
gutter
gutless direction
gutless
is very , very far
is very , very far from the one most of us
is unfocused , while the story goes nowhere
is unfocused , while the story goes nowhere .
is uninspired
is unsettling , from the preposterous hairpiece worn by Lai 's villainous father to the endless action sequences
is unusual but unfortunately also irritating
is unusual but unfortunately also irritating .
portrayals
portraying the idiocy of the film industry
low budget
low , very low , very very low
low , very low , very
low , very low ,
low , very low
low on energy
low on both suspense and payoff
no discernible craft and
no discernible craft
no currency in deriding James Bond for being a clichéd , doddering , misogynistic boy 's club
think filmmaker Simon Wells would have more reverence for the material . But this costly dud is a far cry from either the book or the beloved film
seems far more interested in gross-out humor than in showing us well-thought stunts or a car chase that we have n't seen 10 , 000 times
too heavy for the plot
full of wrong choices
full of throwaway one-liners , not-quite jokes , and a determined TV amiability
full of people constantly checking their watches
full of itself
full of holes and completely lacking in chills . Ignore the reputation , and ignore the film
, repetitively stretched out to feature length , awash in self-consciously flashy camera effects , droning house music and flat , flat dialogue .
, rent the Disney version .
, repetitive and ragged
, remote , emotionally distant piece
, really stupid
, redundant , sloppy , over-the-top ,
, quite simply , should n't have been made
its usual worst
its virtues are small and easily overshadowed by its predictability
The entire point of a shaggy dog story , of course , is that it goes nowhere , and
frothing
right down the reality drain
chill
tiresome rant
course stultifyingly contrived
inevitably consigned
titled ` the loud and the ludicrous
inexplicable nightmare
inexplicable , utterly distracting blunder
Twenty-three movies into a mostly magnificent directorial career , Clint Eastwood 's efficiently minimalist style finally has failed him .
been to produce something that makes Fatal Attraction look like a classic by comparison
been written using Mad-libs . There can be no other explanation . Hilariously inept and ridiculous
been written ... in the thrall of a vicious hangover
been trying to forget
unlikable characters and
seems intimidated by both her subject matter and the period trappings of this debut venture into the heritage business
under-rehearsed and
scary here except for some awful acting and lame special effects
scared ? Only at the prospect of Beck 's next project . Let 's see , a haunted house , a haunted ship , what 's next ... Ghost Blimp
scared ? Only at the prospect of Beck 's next project .
under-rehearsed
scattered about , but not enough to make this anything more than another big-budget bust
directs The Pianist like a surgeon mends a broken heart ; very meticulously but without any passion
be hard to burn out of your brain
be hard-pressed to say what or why
be hip . The end result is a film that 's neither
is impossible
that does n't clue you in that something 's horribly wrong
fierce . An ungainly , comedy-deficient , B-movie rush job
surprisingly juvenile
surprisingly anemic disappointment
surprisingly shoddy
surprisingly shoddy makeup work
surprisingly short of both adventure and song
surprisingly similar
more mindless drivel
's all derivative
mad ,
a charm that 's conspicuously missing from the Girls ' big-screen blowout
light nor magical enough to bring off this kind of whimsy
her personal descent
to construct a story with even a trace of dramatic interest
as offensive
cheap-looking version of Candid Camera staged for the Marquis de Sade set
cheap-looking version of Candid Camera
cheap , ludicrous attempt
as musty as one of the Golden Eagle 's carpets
cheapo animation
so few movies explore religion that it 's disappointing to see one reduce it to an idea that fits in a sampler
cheapo
so few movies explore religion that it 's disappointing to see one reduce it to an idea that fits in a sampler .
of the most moronic screenplays of the year , full of holes that will be obvious even to those who are n't looking for them
beating
albeit depressing view
the original any particular dishonor
so graceless and devoid of merit
melodramatic bodice-ripper
melancholy
melodrama and
eroti-comedy
, are about a half dozen young Turks angling to see how many times they can work the words `` radical '' or `` suck '' into a sentence .
, another gross-out college comedy -- ugh .
, and totally disorientated
a question for philosophers , not filmmakers
prosaic and dull
an agreeable time-wasting device
I sympathize with the plight of these families , but
I sympathize with the plight of these families , but the movie does n't do a very good job conveying the issue at hand
I sympathize with the plight of these families , but the movie does n't do a very good job conveying the issue at hand .
I thought I heard a mysterious voice , and felt myself powerfully drawn toward the light -- the light of the exit sign .
getting under your skin
comes to mind : So why is this so boring ?
's actually pretty funny , but in all the wrong places .
's already a joke in the United States .
's also disappointing to a certain degree .
's already been too many of these films ...
Tries too hard to be funny in a way that 's too loud , too goofy and too short of an attention span .
The story the movie tells is of Brian De Palma 's addiction to the junk-calorie suspense tropes that have all but ruined his career .
Troll the cult section of your local video store for the real deal
the whole thing succeeded only in making me groggy .
manipulate its audience
the wheezing terrorist subplot has n't the stamina for the 100-minute running time , and
manual
for a stiff wind to blow it uphill or something
for a quick-buck sequel
for a reasonably intelligent person to get through The Country Bears
for a plot twist instead of trusting the material
for a sketchy work-in-progress that was inexplicably rushed to the megaplexes before its time
ravishing waif
raunchy as South Park
to bleed it almost completely dry of humor , verve and fun
Woo has as much right to make a huge action sequence as any director , but how long will filmmakers copy the `` Saving Private Ryan '' battle scenes before realizing Steven Spielberg got it right the first time ?
Woody Allen used to ridicule movies like Hollywood Ending .
Gee , a second assassin shot Kennedy ?
one that may well put the nail in the coffin of any future Rice adaptations
one that seems to be made for a different film altogether
one that never materializes
one pussy-ass world when even killer-thrillers revolve around group therapy sessions
one scene is so disgusting that viewers may be hard pressed to retain their lunch
one thing this world needs less of
one that uses clips from Brian De Palma 's Scarface . That 's a cheat
An uninspired preachy and clichéd war
An uninspired preachy and clichéd war film .
sappiness
steals so freely from other movies
steals so freely from other movies and
so insanely stupid ,
the pieces do n't quite fit together
the picture is constructed around a core of flimsy -- or , worse yet , nonexistent -- ideas
Fidel Castro
the picture is in trouble
By the end , I was looking for something hard with which to bludgeon myself unconscious .
By the miserable standards to which the slasher genre has sunk
By the miserable standards to which the slasher genre has sunk ,
By the miserable standards to which the slasher genre has sunk , ... actually pretty good . Of course , by more objective measurements it 's still quite bad .
By the time the plot grinds itself out in increasingly incoherent fashion
By the time the plot grinds itself out in increasingly incoherent fashion , you might be wishing for a watch that makes time go faster rather than the other way around .
By turns numbingly dull-witted and disquietingly creepy .
forced
forgettable
pretty listless
pretty listless collection
pretty dull and wooden
pretty far from a treasure
pretty but dumb
pretty mediocre shtick
put pillowcases over their heads for 87 minutes
put to find a movie character more unattractive or odorous ( than Leon )
are about a half dozen young Turks angling to see how many times they can work the words `` radical '' or `` suck '' into a sentence .
Wang )
most at women 's expense
we had to endure last summer
low-tech magic realism and , at times ,
makes the silly , over-the-top coda especially disappointing
makes no difference in the least
makes me wonder if Lawrence hates criticism so much that he refuses to evaluate his own work
makes the princess seem smug and cartoonish
makes piecing the story together frustrating difficult
makes serial killer Jeffrey Dahmer boring
we had to endure last summer ,
wrong with that
wrong things
a big letdown
a biting satire that has no teeth
rapturous
ramble
'd bother watching past the second commercial break
'd been sitting naked on an igloo
'd create a movie better than this .
sword-and-sorcery
little else to offer
sin
into something more recyclable than significant
into one of the toughest ages a kid can go through
so insatiable it absorbs all manner of lame entertainment ,
surely no classic , like the novel upon which it is based
sure if you should applaud or look into having him committed
's no disguising this as one of the worst films of the summer
another shameless attempt
sob-story trappings
's no energy .
's no emotional pulse to Solaris .
As ` chick flicks ' go
As ` chick flicks ' go , this one is pretty miserable , resorting to string-pulling rather than legitimate character development and intelligent plotting .
unintentional laughter that , unfortunately , occurs too infrequently to make the film even a guilty pleasure
-- if predictable --
one-sidedness
undeniably hard
the kathie lee gifford of film directors
the killing field and
the killing field and the barbarism of ` ethnic cleansing
forced drama in this wildly uneven movie
the Reginald Hudlin comedy relies on toilet humor , ethnic slurs .
the paper-thin characterizations and facile situations
the paper-thin characterizations and
the paper-thin characterizations
the overlooked pitfalls of such an endeavour
a sweaty old guy in a rain coat shopping for cheap porn
a tactic to cover up the fact that the picture is constructed around a core of flimsy -- or , worse yet , nonexistent -- ideas
sheer dumbness
from a stunningly unoriginal premise
wishing they could roll over and take a nap
his disparate Manhattan denizens -- especially the a \*\* holes
such a dependable concept was botched in execution
succumbs to joyless special-effects excess
succumbs to gravity and plummets to earth
such a bad day
such a cold movie claim to express warmth
a comedy as I 've seen in a while , a meander through worn-out material
a comedian who starts off promisingly but then proceeds to flop
a college keg party
showing off
showcase the Canadian 's inane ramblings
showcases pretty mediocre shtick
showcases pretty mediocre shtick .
showboating wise-cracker stock persona
pissed
pissed off
pity and
pity and terror
dusty
during which you want to bang your head on the seat in front of you , at its cluelessness , at its idiocy , at its utterly misplaced earnestness
in the pile of useless actioners from MTV schmucks who do n't know how to tell a story for more than four minutes
A long-winded and stagy session
A long-winded and stagy session of romantic contrivances that never
A long-winded
A long-winded ,
A long-winded , predictable scenario
A long-winded , predictable scenario .
A long slog for anyone but the most committed Pokemon fan
A long slog for anyone but the most committed Pokemon fan .
broken-down
poky
if you wanted to make as anti-Kieslowski a pun as possible . Suffice to say its total promise is left slightly unfulfilled
if you took Orwell , Bradbury , Kafka , George Lucas and the Wachowski Brothers and threw them into a blender . But that 's just the problem with it
if you do n't know anything about Derrida when you walk into the theater , you wo n't know much more when you leave .
if you grew up on the stalker flicks of the 1980
if you feel like you 've seen this movie a thousand times before
where nothing 's happening
where the film ultimately fails
where the characters ' moves are often more predictable than their consequences
where people in hotel hallways recite poetry in voice-over instead of speaking to each other
, in a better movie , you might not have noticed .
, indescribably bad
, in the history of the Academy , people may be wondering what all that jazz was about `` Chicago '' in 2002 .
the movie only proves that Hollywood no longer has a monopoly on mindless action
the movie is such a blip on the year 's radar screen that it 's tempting just to go with it for the ride . But this time , the old MIB label stands for Milder Is n't Better
the movie is such a blip on the year 's radar screen that it 's tempting just to go with it for the ride . But this time , the old MIB label stands for Milder Is n't Better .
the movie is such a blip on the year 's radar screen that it 's tempting just to go with it for the ride .
the movie lacks both thrills and humor
the movie is too predictable and too self-conscious to reach a level of high drama .
The thriller side of this movie is falling flat , as the stalker does n't do much stalking , and no cop or lawyer grasps the concept of actually investigating the case .
The thrill is ( long ) gone .
The thriller side of this movie is falling flat , as the stalker does n't do much stalking ,
The thriller side of this movie is falling flat , as the stalker does n't do much stalking
The thriller side of this movie is falling flat , as the stalker does n't do much stalking , and no cop or lawyer grasps the concept of actually investigating the case
The thriller side of this movie is falling flat , as the stalker does n't do much stalking , and
This is an ungainly movie , ill-fitting , with its elbows sticking out where the knees should be .
being subjected to farts , urine , feces , semen , or any of the other foul substances
plotting and mindless
plots that never quite gel
the consequences of its own actions and revelations
plotting and mindless action
makes your least favorite James Bond movie seem as cleverly plotted as The Usual Suspects
makes you wonder about changing the director and writer 's diapers
telegraphed in the most blithe exchanges gives the film its lingering tug
a dull , pretentious version
a dull , pretentious version of jesus ' son
a dull ,
a dull , pretentious
an inexplicable nightmare , right down to the population
an inhuman monster
terrorist acts
terrorist
contains few laughs and not much drama
about going to see this movie is hereby given fair warning
about every cliche in the war movie compendium across its indulgent two-hour-and-fifteen-minute length
rather silly
rather dull , unimaginative car chase
rather leaden and dull
rather bland
rather dull , unimaginative
rather routine
a haunted house , a haunted ship , what 's next ... ghost blimp
I do n't blame Eddie Murphy but should n't Owen Wilson know a movie must have a story and a script ?
I do n't see the point
I do n't think I laughed out loud once .
I did n't find much fascination in the swinging .
I did n't particularly like E.T. the first time I saw it as a young boy
I do n't think so .
I do n't think that A.C. will help this movie one bit
a loss
a loose collection of not-so-funny gags , scattered moments of lazy humor
a loose collection
to be grandiloquent
Jerry Springer crowd
Jennifer Lopez has shown poor judgment in planning to marry Ben Affleck
why this project was undertaken
? That 's the only sane rationale I can think of for Swimfan 's existence .
Happy Together shoots for ( and misses )
the women look more like stereotypical caretakers and moral teachers , instead of serious athletes
is the opposite of a truly magical movie .
only saving grace is that it ends by blowing just about everything up
is the script 's endless assault of embarrassingly ham-fisted sex jokes that reek of a script rewrite designed to garner the film a `` cooler '' PG-13 rating
No worse than a lot of the crap we 've been offered this summer ,
No worse than a lot of the crap we 've been offered this summer , and
No worse than a lot of the crap
No way
No way I can believe this load of junk .
No telegraphing is too obvious or simplistic for this movie .
A mechanical action-comedy whose seeming purpose is to market the charismatic Jackie Chan to even younger audiences .
A mechanical action-comedy whose seeming purpose is to market the charismatic Jackie Chan to even younger audiences
A mean-spirited film made by someone who surely read The Catcher in the Rye but clearly suffers from dyslexia
A mean-spirited film
a fragment of an underdone potato
why spend money on a dog like this when you can rent a pedigree instead
were fulfilling a gross-out quota for an anticipated audience demographic instead of shaping the material to fit the story
no interest in the gang-infested , East-vs .
no interest
his constant need to suddenly transpose himself into another character
no interest in the gang-infested , East-vs . -
no lika da
no lika da accents so good
Here 's a self-congratulatory 3D IMAX rah-rah .
Although occasionally static to the point of resembling a stage play
were at home watching that movie instead of in the theater watching this one
wannabe film
An ugly , revolting movie
An occasionally interesting but mostly repetitive
An occasionally interesting but mostly repetitive look at a slice of counterculture that might be best forgotten .
An inexperienced director , Mehta has much to learn .
An overwrought Taiwanese soaper
An overwrought Taiwanese soaper about three people and their mixed-up relationship
An often unfunny
is hell .
is high on squaddie banter ,
is high on squaddie banter
is high on squaddie banter , low
is hindered by uneven dialogue and plot lapses
is dazzling . They just do n't work in concert
is deadpan
that if she had to sit through it again , she should ask for a raise
not-so-funny gags ,
not-so-funny gags , scattered moments of lazy humor
not well-acted
not-so-Divine
not very compelling or much fun
not very good .
not-so-funny
not-so-funny gags
not-so-big
seem to be in a contest to see who can out-bad-act the other . ( Kirshner wins , but it 's close . )
is supposed to be madcap farce .
is surely one of the most frantic , virulent and foul-natured Christmas season pics ever delivered by a Hollywood studio
is supposed to be the star of the story , but comes across as pretty dull and wooden
is supposed to be the star of the story , but comes across as pretty dull and wooden .
is surely one of the most frantic , virulent and foul-natured Christmas season pics ever delivered by a Hollywood studio .
are as predictable and as lowbrow as the endless pratfalls the boys take in their high heels .
are as predictable and as lowbrow as the endless pratfalls the boys take in their high heels
in that something 's horribly wrong
lacking in imagination and authentic Christmas spirit
story . Killing time
overrun by corrupt and hedonistic weasels
See Clockstoppers if you have nothing better to do with 94 minutes . But be warned , you too may feel time has decided to stand still .
Seinfeld 's real life is boring
is an agonizing
is an action movie with an action icon who 's been all but decommissioned .
is an action movie with an action icon who 's been all but decommissioned
is an autopilot Hollywood concoction lacking in imagination and authentic Christmas spirit
is an all-time low for Kevin Costner .
is an all-time low for Kevin Costner
is an encyclopedia of cliches that shoplifts shamelessly from farewell-to-innocence movies like The Wanderers and A Bronx Tale without cribbing any of their intelligence .
is an encyclopedia of cliches that shoplifts shamelessly from farewell-to-innocence movies like The Wanderers and A Bronx Tale without cribbing any of their intelligence
to seem as long as the two year affair which is its subject
All the sensuality , all the eroticism of a good vampire tale has been , pardon the pun , sucked out and replaced by goth goofiness .
Offers very little genuine romance and even fewer laughs ...
less-than-thrilling thriller .
let this morph into a typical romantic triangle
letdown .
lets the cliched dialogue rip
with Spanish inquisitions about her '' madness '' so much that I became mad that I wasted 123 minutes and $ 9 .
to make you feel guilty about ignoring what the filmmakers clearly believe
Diesel 's XXX flex-a-thon
wet stick
stitched together from stock situations and characters
stitched together from stock situations and characters from other movies
stink bomb .
stink
stillborn except as a harsh conceptual exercise
still to believe that anyone in his right mind would want to see the it
the problem with antwone fisher is that it has a screenplay written by antwone fisher based on the book by antwone fisher
teen-sleaze equivalent
teen-sleaze
teen-oriented variation on a theme that the playwright Craig Lucas explored with infinitely more grace and eloquence in his Prelude to a Kiss .
balance out the violence
how many times they can work the words '' radical '' or '' suck
how it washed out despite all of that
how so many talented people were convinced to waste their time
how not to act like Pinocchio .
how much he runs around and acts like a doofus
how the movie could be released in this condition
's as lumpy as two-day old porridge ... the filmmakers ' paws , sad to say , were all over this ''
do n't think most of the people who loved the 1989 Paradiso will prefer this new version .
's as lumpy as two-day old porridge ... the filmmakers ' paws , sad to say , were all over this '' un-bear-able '' project
buy the movie milk when the TV cow is free
buzz and whir ; very little of it actually clicks .
buzz and whir ; very little
an underdone potato
about the thousands of Americans who die hideously
reveals the true intent of her film by carefully selecting interview subjects who will construct a portrait of Castro so predominantly charitable it can only be seen as propaganda .
revelatory nor truly edgy -- merely crassly flamboyant and comedically labored .
revenge-of-the-nerds clichés
no pleasure
no pleasure in watching a child suffer
no particular bite
no pleasure in watching a child suffer . Just embarrassment and a vague sense of shame
no points
no pleasure in watching a child suffer .
no pleasure in watching a child suffer . Just embarrassment and a vague sense
no real conflict
no real conflict ,
tries to touch on spousal abuse but veers off course
it has its moments of swaggering camaraderie , but more often just feels generic , derivative and done to death .
it is , it 's too long and unfocused
it has its moments of swaggering camaraderie , but more often just feels generic , derivative and done to death
tries to touch on spousal abuse but veers off course and
who take turns hurting each other
this ` Blood ' seems as tired as its protagonist
tries to touch on spousal abuse but veers off course and becomes just another revenge film
tries to touch on spousal abuse but veers off course and becomes just another revenge film .
I have returned from the beyond to warn you : this movie is 90 minutes long , and life is too short .
I have to admit I walked out of Runteldat .
I have returned from the beyond to warn you :
I have returned from the beyond to warn you : this movie is 90 minutes long , and life is too short
I have a confession to make : I did n't particularly like E.T. the first time I saw it as a young boy
I have a confession to make : I did n't particularly like E.T. the first time I saw it as a young boy .
the phrase ` fatal script error
the problem is the needlessly poor quality of its archival prints and film footage .
gets the once-over once again in Gangster No . 1 , but falls apart long before the end .
The issue of faith is not explored very deeply
gets the once-over once again
gets so tangled up in The Twist that it chokes the energy right out of the very audience it seeks to frighten .
trifling
It 's just a movie that happens to have Jackie Chan in it .
How can something so gross be so boring ?
Although German cooking does not come readily to mind when considering the world 's best cuisine
as unusually and unimpressively fussy
as visually bland
makes the preposterous lying hero into something more than he reasonably should be .
obstacles
Tadpole is emblematic of the witless ageism afflicting films : Young is cool , and too young is too cool
Tadpole is emblematic of the witless ageism afflicting films
TV-style
not to be moved by this drama
not deep and psychological
not entirely fresh
not for every taste
not only inept school productions , but even Oliver Parker 's movie adaptation
This franchise has not spawned a single good film .
This mess
This is the sort of low-grade dreck that usually goes straight to video -- with a lousy script , inept direction , pathetic acting , poorly dubbed dialogue and murky cinematography , complete with visible boom mikes .
This is the kind of movie during which you want to bang your head on the seat in front of you , at its cluelessness , at its idiocy , at its utterly misplaced earnestness .
This riveting World War II moral suspense story deals with the shadow side of American culture : racial prejudice in its ugly and diverse forms .
mean-spiritedness
meandering , Norton has to recite bland police procedural details ,
meandering , Norton has to recite bland police procedural details , Fiennes wanders around in an attempt to seem weird and distanced
meandering , inarticulate
meandering , inarticulate and
, this is the most visually unappealing
his screenplay 's sappier elements
tough pill to swallow
lacking in substance , not to mention dragged down by a leaden closing act
Almost nothing else
refusal
the confusing sexual messages
Hollywood is n't laughing with us , folks . It 's laughing at us
that its most vibrant scene is one that uses clips from Brian De Palma 's Scarface . That 's a cheat
For all the time we spend with these people , we never really get inside of them .
its moral medicine go down
seen on a 10-inch television screen or at your local multiplex
Devoid of any of the qualities that made the first film so special .
Devoid
a Funeral
are disjointed , flaws that have to be laid squarely on Taylor 's doorstep .
is n't quite one of the worst movies of the year .
is n't quite one of the worst movies of the year
is n't that much different from many a Hollywood romance
is n't that Stealing Harvard is a horrible movie -- if only it were that grand a failure !
is n't that Stealing Harvard is a horrible movie -- if only it were that grand a failure
is n't scary .
that its lack of whistles and bells just makes it obnoxious and stiff
, and ignorance
still feels like a prison stretch
still feels somewhat unfinished .
was when Green threw medical equipment at a window ; not because it was particularly funny , but because I had a serious urge to grab the old lady at the end of my aisle 's walker and toss it at the screen in frustration .
Personal Velocity has a no-frills docu-Dogma plainness
Personal Velocity has a no-frills docu-Dogma plainness ,
Perry 's good and his is an interesting character , but `` Serving Sara '' has n't much more to serve than silly fluff
Perry 's good and his is an interesting character , but `` Serving Sara '' has n't much more to serve than silly fluff .
fail to capture its visual appeal or its atmosphere
fad
insufferably tedious and turgid
insufferably
faced with the possibility that her life is meaningless , vapid and devoid of substance , in a movie that is definitely meaningless , vapid and devoid of substance .
instead of trusting the material
instead of shaping the material to fit the story
insufferable movie
failing , ultimately ,
instead the director treats us to an aimless hodgepodge
Broomfield 's style of journalism is hardly journalism at all , and even those with an avid interest in the subject will grow impatient .
that it seems to be on auto-pilot
Broomfield 's style of journalism is hardly journalism at all , and even those with an avid interest in the subject will grow impatient
Broomfield 's style of journalism is hardly journalism at all , and
are transparently obvious
are so outlandish that they border on being cartoonlike
did it better
of destruction
weirdly unemotional spectacle
weird and distanced
Maybe I found the proceedings a little bit too conventional .
By the final whistle you 're convinced that this Mean Machine was a decent TV outing that just does n't have big screen magic .
Ca n't Stop The Music . '' It may as well be called '' Jar-Jar Binks
Ca n't seem to get anywhere near the story 's center
Ca n't Stop The Music . '' It may as well be called '' Jar-Jar Binks : The Movie . '' It 's that painful
You might not want to hang out with Samantha ,
Eckstraordinarily lame and Severely
who wants to see a comedy about shoddy airport security
It follows the Blair Witch formula for an hour , in which we 're told something creepy and vague is in the works , and then it goes awry in the final 30 minutes
It follows the Blair Witch formula for an hour , in which we 're told something creepy and vague is in the works , and then it goes awry in the final 30 minutes .
It has become apparent that the franchise 's best years are long past .
It has more in common with a fireworks display than a movie , which normally is expected to have characters and a storyline .
It has the air of a surprisingly juvenile lark , a pop-influenced prank whose charms are immediately apparent and wear thin with repetition .
is half as moving as the filmmakers seem to think .
so frequently that it now seems pedestrian
most Bond outings in recent years , some of the stunts are so outlandish that they border on being cartoonlike
floppy
floppy hair
flops
Claude Chabrol has here a thriller without thrills
a wry white man and
The code talkers deserved better than a hollow tribute .
Resurrection has the dubious distinction of being a really bad imitation of the really bad Blair Witch Project .
unfortunately do n't enable them to discern flimsy screenplays
In other words , about as bad a film you 're likely to see all year
In space , no one can hear you snore
In spite of featuring a script credited to no fewer than five writers , apparently nobody here bothered to check it twice .
In terms of execution this movie is careless and unfocused .
In the book-on-tape market , the film of '' The Kid Stays in the Picture '' would be an abridged edition
In the end , Tuck Everlasting falls victim to that everlasting conundrum experienced by every human who ever lived : too much to do , too little time to do it in .
so bad it does n't improve upon the experience of staring at a blank screen
so bad in a major movie
It 's also not smart or barbed enough for older viewers -- not everyone thinks poo-poo jokes are ` edgy . '
is entirely too straight-faced to transcend its clever concept .
is especially unfortunate in light of the fine work done by most of the rest of her cast
is entirely too straight-faced
is entertainment opportunism at its most glaring .
is enough to save Oleander 's uninspired story .
It 's also stupider .
messy
messages to teach a young audience , which will probably be perfectly happy with the sloppy slapstick comedy
mess
menace
's boring
's clear why Deuces Wild , which was shot two years ago , has been gathering dust on MGM 's shelf .
's clear why Deuces Wild , which was shot two years ago , has been gathering dust on MGM 's shelf
wear over his head when he goes out into public , to avoid being recognized as the man who bilked unsuspecting moviegoers
with an excruciating dollop of Disney sentimentality mixed in for good measure
with an idea buried somewhere inside its fabric , but never clearly seen or felt
with all the boozy self-indulgence that brings out the worst in otherwise talented actors
that the plot makes no sense
that the whole damned thing did n't get our moral hackles up
no reason to watch
no respectable Halloween costume shop would ever try to sell
no rooting interest
no sense of pride or shame
no substance
no surprises
and crude storyline
the amazingly lifelike Tara Reid , whose acting skills are comparable to a cardboard cutout
mixing with reality and actors playing more than one role just to add to the confusion
hackneyed elements
Villeneuve spends too much time wallowing in Bibi 's generic angst ( there are a lot of shots of her gazing out windows ) .
Visually rather stunning , but ultimately a handsome-looking bore , the true creativity would have been to hide Treasure Planet entirely and completely reimagine it .
ca n't disguise the fact that it 's inauthentic at its core and that its story just is n't worth telling .
ca n't disguise the fact that it 's inauthentic at its core and that its story just is n't worth telling
ca n't begin to tell you how tedious , how resolutely unamusing , how thoroughly unrewarding all of this is , and what a reckless squandering of four fine acting talents
ca n't begin to tell you how tedious , how resolutely unamusing , how thoroughly unrewarding all of this is , and what a reckless squandering of four fine acting talents ...
dopey old
dopey dialogue and
dopey dialogue and sometimes inadequate performances
dopey dialogue and sometimes inadequate performances kill the effect
dopey movie
dopey dialogue
aggressively silly
even as it turns maddeningly predictable
a schmaltzy , by-the-numbers romantic comedy , partly a shallow rumination on the emptiness of success -- and entirely soulless .
a schmaltzy , by-the-numbers romantic comedy , partly a shallow rumination on the emptiness of success -- and entirely
an all-time low
an all time low
an almost comic embarrassment
an all-time low in Sorority Boys , whose makers apparently believe that women 's clothing can cover up any deficiency in acting , writing or direction
an airless , prepackaged Julia Roberts wannabe
an airless , prepackaged Julia Roberts wannabe that stinks so badly of hard-sell image-mongering you 'll wonder if Lopez 's publicist should share screenwriting credit .
an airless , prepackaged Julia Roberts wannabe that stinks so badly of hard-sell image-mongering you
Sluggishly
Sluggishly directed by episodic TV veteran Joe Zwick
Sluggishly directed by episodic TV veteran Joe Zwick , it 's a sitcom without the snap-crackle .
Slow , dry
Slow , dry ,
Slowtime
less the product of loving , well integrated homage and more like a mere excuse for the wan , thinly sketched story . Killing time , that 's all that 's going on here
lethally dull
lets her character become a caricature -- not even with that radioactive hair
denial of sincere grief and mourning in favor of bogus spiritualism
demonstrates just how far his storytelling skills have eroded
demonic doings on the high seas that works better the less the brain is engaged
demonstrates just how far his storytelling skills have eroded .
to say whether The Tuxedo is more boring or embarrassing
to say what or why
made without much thought
during the long build-up of expository material
The longer the movie goes , the worse it gets
The longer the movie goes , the worse it gets , but
The longer the movie goes , the worse it gets ,
The longer the movie goes , the worse it gets , but it 's actually pretty good in the first few minutes .
The longer the movie goes , the worse it gets , but it 's actually pretty good in the first few minutes
romp pile
romantic-comedy duds
Sarah 's dedication to finding her husband seems more psychotic than romantic , and
Sarah 's dedication to finding her husband seems more psychotic than romantic ,
draw easy chuckles but lead nowhere
dramatized PBS program
fail to crack a smile at
pressed to think of a film more cloyingly sappy than Evelyn this year
pretends to be passionate and truthful but is really frustratingly timid and soggy
pretends to be passionate and truthful but
pretends to be passionate and truthful
to being lectured to by tech-geeks
and as bland
, uncharismatic , overgrown frat boy
the humanizing stuff that will probably sink the film for anyone who does n't think about percentages all day long
It 's too interested in jerking off in all its Byzantine incarnations to bother pleasuring its audience .
It 's too bad that the helping hand he uses to stir his ingredients is also a heavy one
It 's the kind of movie you ca n't quite recommend because it is all windup and not much of a pitch
It 's the kind of movie that ends up festooning U . S . art house screens for no reason other than the fact that it 's in French ( well , mostly ) with English subtitles and is magically ` significant ' because of that .
It 's so unmemorable that it turned my ballpoint notes to invisible ink
It 's the kind of movie you ca n't quite recommend because it is all windup and not much of a pitch , yet you ca n't bring yourself to dislike it .
It 's the kind of movie you ca n't quite recommend because it is all windup and not much of a pitch , yet
It 's the kind of movie you ca n't quite recommend because it is all windup and not much of a pitch ,
was more fun when his characters were torturing each other psychologically and talking about their genitals in public
was just an ordinary big-screen star
and callow student film
stunts together and not quite enough characterization
Outer-space buffs might love this film , but others will find its pleasures intermittent .
Outrageousness is all Plympton seemed to be going for this time .
Outrageousness is all Plympton seemed to be going for this time . We miss the quirky amazement that used to come along for an integral part of the ride .
is just hectic and homiletic : two parts exhausting Men in Black mayhem to one part family values
is just lazy writing . Even kids deserve better
is just lazy
is just lazy writing . Even kids deserve better .
is just too easy to be genuinely satisfying .
is labored
is kinda wrong in places
intended for the home video market
Iran 's borderlands
went over my head
is best described as lukewarm .
is barely an hour long .
is bad .
Pluto Nash '' is a big time stinker
Blandly
Blandly Go Where We Went 8 Movies Ago
With lesser talents , High Crimes would be entertaining , but forgettable . With Freeman and Judd , I 'll at least remember their characters
lesser talents
less-is-more
less than adorable
map thematically and stylistically , and borrows heavily from Lynch , Jeunet , and von Trier while failing to find a spark of its own
marginal intelligence
The entire movie has a truncated feeling
The entire movie has a truncated feeling ,
The end result is like cold porridge with only the odd enjoyably chewy lump .
motionless characters
motivated by nothing
motivated more by a desire to match mortarboards with Dead Poets Society and Good Will Hunting than by its own story
motivated by nothing short of dull , brain-deadening hangover
fast enough to cover its clunky dialogue and lapses in logic
the film of '' The Kid Stays
unconcerned with plausibility
a bit too long to find its rhythm
a bit too long
come to term an `` ambitious failure
come with the warning
come with the warning ``
comes along that confirms one 's worse fears about civilization as we know it
comes along that is so insanely stupid , so awful in so many ways that watching it leaves you giddy
the film more silly than scary
Certain to be distasteful to children and adults alike , Eight Crazy Nights is a total misfire .
the film is whether these ambitions , laudable in themselves , justify a theatrical simulation of the death camp of Auschwitz II-Birkenau
as clinical , detached , uninvolving , possibly prompting audience members to wonder , ` What 's the point ? '
glaring
her love depraved leads meet , ( Denis ' ) story becomes a hopeless , unsatisfying muddle
the screenplay , which lags badly in the middle and lurches between not-very-funny comedy , unconvincing dramatics and some last-minute action strongly reminiscent of Run Lola Run
tedious sex farce .
tedium
teen sex , outrageous pranks and scenes designed to push the envelope of bad taste for laughs
elements are dampened through familiarity , ( yet )
electrocute and dismember their victims in full consciousness
either of Val Kilmer 's two personas interesting or worth caring about
the genuinely funny jokes are few and far between
underdramatized but overstated
underdramatized
undercut by its awkward structure and a final veering toward melodrama .
undercuts the devastatingly telling impact of utter loss personified in the film 's simple title
undergo radical changes when it suits the script
for extreme unease
'' I guess I come from a broken family ,
blurred
just a waste
's a whole heap of nothing at the core of this slight coming-of-age\/coming-out tale
's a whole heap of nothing at the core of this slight coming-of-age\/coming-out tale .
's a wonder that he could n't have brought something fresher to the proceedings simply by accident
's a terrible movie in every regard , and utterly painful to watch .
's a thin line between likably old-fashioned and fuddy-duddy
like a discarded House Beautiful spread
like a documentary in the way
like a typical Bible killer story
like a sucker
too conventional
too dull
like acid
too concerned
too conscious of the effort it takes to be this spontaneous
too complicated to keep track of
too complicated to sustain involvement , and , if you 'll excuse a little critical heresy , too intellectually ambitious
it treats women like idiots .
makes a joke out of car chases for an hour
makes a joke out of car chases for an hour and then
makes a joke out of car chases for an hour and
makes a joke out of car chases for an hour and then gives us half an hour of car chases .
makes a joke out of car chases for an hour and then gives us half an hour of car chases
a choice that upsets the novel 's exquisite balance and shreds the fabric of the film
a cinematic car wreck ,
limited appeal
limitations
limp biscuit
with energetic musicals , the humor did n't quite engage this adult
any Dummies guide , something
any Hollywood fluff
anti-virus . If only there were one for this kind of movie
rips off
you turn stupid
dreadful day
dreadfully
dreadfully earnest inversion
risks seeming slow and pretentious ,
fudged opportunity
frustratingly timid and soggy
frustrating misfire
frustrating ` tweener '
a heretofore unfathomable question
a haunted house , a haunted ship , what 's next ... Ghost Blimp
a hectic soap
a headache
the arrogant '' if we put together a wry white man and a chatty black man and give them guns , the movie
the standard made-for-TV movie
Those with a modicum of patience
to follow A.I. with this challenging report so liable to unnerve the majority
foolish and shallow
unacceptable
11 , an antique , in the end
100 minutes or $ 7.00
10 or 15 minutes could be cut and no one would notice --
When it 's not wallowing in hormonal melodrama
every drop of one 's patience to get to the good stuff
every idea in this film is flushed down the latrine of heroism .
is the kathie lee gifford of film directors ,
'' Minority Report
'' Elling ''
'' Cremaster 3 '' should come with the warning '' For serious film buffs only ! ''
fuzziness
futuristic women in skimpy clothes
sadly are at hostile odds with one another through recklessness and retaliation
gabbiest giant-screen movie
estranged from reality
a grating , mannered onscreen presence ,
One of these days Hollywood will come up with an original idea for a teen movie , but
One of these days Hollywood will come up with an original idea for a teen movie , but until then there 's always these rehashes to feed to the younger generations
re-voiced version
Does n't Know How to Have Fun
Does little more than play an innocuous game of fill-in - the-blanks with a tragic past .
Does n't amount to much of anything .
Does n't amount to much of anything
Does n't get the job done , running off the limited chemistry created by Ralph Fiennes and Jennifer Lopez .
Does n't get the job done , running off the limited chemistry created by Ralph Fiennes and Jennifer Lopez
Does n't offer much besides glib soullessness , raunchy language and a series of brutal set pieces
Does n't offer
thornier
thoroughly unrewarding all of this
criticism
Inherently caustic and
this trifling romantic comedy in which opposites attract for no better reason than that the screenplay demands it
velocity and idiocy , this ruinous remake
velocity and idiocy ,
veers into sodden melodrama , punctuated by violins
vastly more affronted
velocity and idiocy
emotional heft
, but forgettable
of its antagonists
've got seven days left to live
've heard that the fans of the first Men in Black have come away hating the second one
dark , disturbing , painful to watch ,
dark , disturbing , painful to watch , yet
dark , disturbing , painful to watch
found myself struggling to put my finger on that elusive `` missing thing
forsaken the entertaining elements of the original and , instead , rehash old jokes
found myself struggling to put my finger on that elusive `` missing thing . ''
found myself struggling to put my finger on that elusive `` missing thing .
makes a fatal mistake
if the picture also shares the weaknesses of both genres , more
if that 's what you 're in the mood for
makes Edward Burns ' Sidewalks of New York look like Oscar Wilde
makes Arnold Schwarzenegger look like Spencer Tracy
makes a better short story
makes a better short story than it does a film
makes My Big Fat Greek Wedding look like an apartheid drama
against progress
against farce , thoughtful dialogue elbowed aside by one-liners , and a visual style that incorporates rotoscope animation for no apparent reason except
against each other
agonizing
terrible film
guessable from the first few minutes
guess it just goes to show that if you give a filmmaker an unlimited amount of phony blood , nothing good can happen .
guess it just goes to show that if you give a filmmaker an unlimited amount of phony blood , nothing good can happen
guess a space station in the year 2455 can be crossed off the list of ideas for the inevitable future sequels ( hey , do n't shoot the messenger ) .
guide a loose , poorly structured film
unremittingly ugly
the special effects are ` German-Expressionist , ' according to the press notes
unpleasant excuse
unoriginal run
unremittingly ugly movie
the ridiculous dialog
made but uninvolving
made by someone who obviously knows nothing about crime
made by people to whom the idea of narrative logic or cohesion is an entirely foreign concept
struck me as unusually and unimpressively fussy
its lack of purpose
its lackadaisical plotting and mindless action
its laziest
its leaden acting
its leaden acting ,
its leaden acting , dull exposition and
indifference
hackneyed
devastating horror
writer 's diapers
of a physician who needs to heal himself
of a paranoid and unlikable man
of a paint-by-numbers picture
of a movie saddled with an amateurish screenplay
of a mixed bag , with enough negatives
of a picture that was n't all that great to begin with
to Parker 's ill-advised meddling with the timeless source material
to No One
to Slowtime
dehumanizing and
dehumanizing
out mediocre
out loud . If that does n't clue you in that something 's horribly wrong , nothing will
out on video before month 's end
between mirthless Todd Solondzian satire and callow student film
between false sentiment and unfunny madcap comedy
between black comedy and black hole
much of it is good for a laugh . The problem with '' XXX '' is that its own action is n't very effective
much of a mixed bag , with enough negatives
yammering
yawn-provoking dullness
yawns
that is n't really good enough to be in theaters
that is n't really good enough to be on afternoon TV
that is not very thrilling
yawn-provoking
can tolerate Leon Barlow . I ca n't
can tell almost immediately that Welcome to Collinwood is n't going to jell .
can tell what it is supposed to be
can seem tiresomely simpleminded .
can tell almost immediately that Welcome to Collinwood is n't going to jell
fiendishly
few things more frustrating to a film buff than seeing an otherwise good movie marred beyond redemption by a disastrous ending
few things more frustrating to a film buff
few things more frustrating
wo n't score points for political correctness
All leather pants & augmented boobs , Hawn
that other Imax films do n't : chimps , lots of chimps , all blown up to the size of a house
that only ever walked the delicate tightrope between farcical and loathsome
that one enjoys a bad slasher flick
films are weak , as
films are weak , as are most of the subplots .
films are weak , as are most of the subplots . This one 's weaker than most .
films that try the patience of even the most cinema-besotted critic -- and this was one of them
As banal as the telling may be
keep this from being a complete waste of time
even the most elemental literacy , an inkling of genuine wit , and
even the most elemental literacy , an inkling of genuine wit , and anything resembling acting
like an overlong visit from a large group of your relatives .
like an impostor
like an idiot
like a volatile and overlong W magazine fashion
the tortured and self-conscious material
the trap of the maudlin or tearful
like being trapped at a bad rock concert
like an ugly knot tightening in your stomach
Serving Sara is little more than a mall movie designed to kill time .
ridicule factor
that was old when ` Angels With Dirty Faces ' appeared in 1938
that was n't all that great to begin with
that was inexplicably rushed to the megaplexes before its time
that was followed by the bad idea
that tries to grab us , only to keep letting go at all the wrong moments
are actually releasing it into theaters
are all direct-to-video stuff
are about a half dozen young Turks angling to see how many times they can work the words '' radical '' or '' suck '' into a sentence
are about a half dozen young Turks angling to see how many times they can work the words '' radical '' or '' suck '' into a sentence .
are acting like puppets
are as contrived and artificial
are as contrived and artificial as Kerrigan 's platinum-blonde hair
self-hating , self-destructive ways
pretty unpleasant viewing experience
pretty toxic in its own right
prevents Nettelbeck 's film from coming together
demanding
demeaning
demeaning its subjects
It 's not particularly subtle ...
It 's not the least of Afghan tragedies that this noble warlord would be consigned to the dustbin of history .
alternating with lots of sloppiness
although the more lascivious-minded might be disappointed in the relative modesty of a movie that sports a ` topless tutorial service
, the film ratchets up the stirring soundtrack , throws in a fish-out-of-water gag and lets the cliched dialogue rip .
, the humor did n't quite engage this adult .
, the film never recovers from the clumsy cliché of the ugly American abroad , and the too-frosty exterior Ms. Paltrow employs to authenticate her British persona is another liability .
to its own detriment --
to its own detriment
to its last-minute , haphazard theatrical release
the efforts of its star , Kline , to lend some dignity to a dumb story
the efforts of its star , Kline , to lend some dignity to a dumb story are for naught .
the el cheapo margaritas
encumbers itself
piffle is all that the airhead movie business deserves from him right now
pieces do not fit .
piecing the story together frustrating difficult
picture postcard perfect , too neat and new pin-like
capable Clayburgh
capable only of delivering
Zoe Clarke-Williams 's lackluster thriller `` New Best Friend '' ,
Zellweger 's whiny pouty-lipped poof faced and spindly attempt at playing an ingenue makes her nomination as best actress even more of a an a
Zoe Clarke-Williams 's lackluster thriller `` New Best Friend '' , who needs enemies
, the Cosby-Seinfeld encounter alone confirms the serious weight behind this superficially loose , larky documentary .
, the disparate elements do n't gel
, the fact remains that a wacky concept does not a movie make .
that cold-hearted
Birot 's
funny in a way that 's too loud , too goofy and too short of an attention span
a particularly amateurish episode of Bewitched that takes place during Spring Break
a parallel clone-gag
a particularly amateurish episode
a parody of gross-out flicks , college flicks ,
a particularly slanted , gay s\/m fantasy
really get weird , though not particularly scary
really know who '' they '' were , what '' they '' looked like . Why '' they '' were here and what '' they '' wanted and quite honestly , I did n't care
really long , slow and dreary time
sabotages the movie 's strengths at almost every juncture
these broken characters who are trying to make their way through this tragedy
these days are about nothing
that are this crude , this fast-paced and this insane
that are all too abundant when human hatred spews forth unchecked
to heroes the way Julia Roberts hands out awards -- with phony humility barely camouflaging grotesque narcissism
a hack script
a half dozen other trouble-in-the-ghetto flicks
Goodfellas in this easily skippable hayseeds-vs
Good for a few unintentional laughs , `` Extreme Ops '' was obviously made for the `` XXX '' crowd , people who enjoy mindless action without the benefit of decent acting , writing , and direction .
seen as propaganda
seen in a while , a meander through worn-out material
seen it all before
seen it all before ,
Or emptying rat traps .
burns
Alas , Santa is more ho-hum than ho-ho-ho
be lulled into a coma
Alcatraz ' ... a cinematic corpse
of loss
demonic
A prolonged extrusion of psychopathic pulp
A preposterously melodramatic paean
A preposterously melodramatic paean to gang-member teens in Brooklyn circa
A prison comedy that never really busts out of its comfy little cell
A prison comedy that never really busts out of its comfy little cell .
A profoundly stupid affair
A profoundly stupid affair , populating its hackneyed and meanspirited storyline with cardboard characters and performers who value cash above credibility .
too rarely provides
never comes close to being either funny or scary
never comes close to recovering from its demented premise
never amount to a satisfying complete picture of this particular , anciently demanding métier
nervous gags
is all too familiar
also decidedly uncinematic
also one of the most curiously depressing
showtime is n't particularly assaultive , but it can still make you feel that you never want to see another car chase , explosion or gunfight again
something appears to have been lost in the translation this time
earnest yet curiously tepid and choppy recycling in which predictability is the only winner .
eccentrics
spite of tragic loss and increasing decrepitude
go down with a ship as leaky
glosses over Rafael 's evolution
glorified sitcom
Allen , at 66 , has stopped challenging himself
Almost as offensive as '' Freddy Got Fingered . ''
Almost as offensive as '' Freddy
Almost as offensive
of this alleged psychological thriller in search of purpose or even a plot
of this dog of a movie
lost the politics and the social observation
lost some of the dramatic conviction that underlies the best of comedies
lost in the translation ... another routine Hollywood frightfest in which the slack execution italicizes the absurdity of the premise
lost the politics and the social observation and become just another situation romance about a couple of saps stuck in an inarticulate screenplay
, ` Swimfan ' left me with a very bad feeling .
that Hollywood expects people to pay to see it
a retooling of Fahrenheit 451 , and even as a rip-off of The Matrix
There 's no conversion effort ,
There 's no conversion effort
a child 's pain
a cheap thriller , a dumb comedy
a cheap thriller
a cheat in the end
a cheap thriller , a dumb comedy or
, White Oleander is n't an adaptation of a novel . It 's a flashy , star-splashed reduction .
ill-timed
, Windtalkers is nothing but a sticky-sweet soap .
ignore but a little too smugly superior
ignorant
if you have nothing better to do with 94 minutes . But be warned , you too may feel time has decided to stand still .
if you have nothing better to do with 94 minutes . But be warned , you too may feel time has decided to stand still
, made creepy by its '' men in a sardine can '' warped logic .
plays like an extended episode of Touched by an Angel -- a little too much dancing , a few too many weeping scenes --
, ` Frankly , my dear , I do n't give a damn , ' have never been more appropriate .
a copy of a copy
a copy of a copy of a copy
wheezing
that piffle is all that the airhead movie business deserves from him right now
that plays better only for the film 's publicists or for people who take as many drugs as the film 's characters
intentionally introducing your kids to films which will cause loads of irreparable damage that years and years of costly analysis could never fix
contradictions
maddeningly insistent and repetitive
of our most conservative and hidebound movie-making traditions
overwhelm what is left of the scruffy , dopey old Hanna-Barbera charm .
overwhelmed by its lack of purpose
overwhelm what is left of the scruffy , dopey old Hanna-Barbera charm
overtly disagreeable
overtly silly
any more gay
overwhelmed by its lack of purpose that it seeks excitement in manufactured high drama
Feral and uncomfortable .
missed the point
misses a major opportunity to be truly revelatory about his psyche
Feel free to go get popcorn whenever he 's not onscreen .
Feeble comedy .
Femme Fatale offers nothing more than a bait-and-switch that is beyond playing fair with the audience .
queasy-stomached
puzzle whose pieces do not fit .
puzzle whose pieces do not fit
, why spend money on a dog like this when you can rent a pedigree instead
promises a new kind of high but delivers the same old bad trip .
promises a new kind of high but delivers the same old bad trip
the odd distinction of being playful without being fun
the old disease-of-the-week small-screen melodramas
addition to the overcooked , ham-fisted direction , which has all the actors reaching for the back row
Legged Freaks
that lack the kind of genuine depth that would make them redeemable
a text to ` lick , ' despite the efforts of a first-rate cast
a text to ` lick ,
saps stuck in an inarticulate screenplay
sappy and amateurish
sappy , preachy one
sappy situations and dialogue
sappy script
sappy dialogue
sappy as Big Daddy
that mandates that you avoid the Godzilla
that may make you hate yourself for giving in
that leaves a hole in the center of The Salton Sea .
Seeing as the film lacks momentum and its position remains mostly undeterminable
padded with incident in the way of a too-conscientious adaptation
padded
Seagal is painfully foolish in trying to hold onto what 's left of his passe ' chopsocky glory .
murder and mayhem of this sort quickly becomes monotonous
murder by numbers is any real psychological grounding for the teens ' deviant behavior
murder by numbers is any real psychological grounding for the teens ' deviant behavior . being latently gay
murderous rage
murderous
a waste of time
by false sentiment or sharp , overmanipulative Hollywood practices
... is that he obviously does n't have his heart in it .
... is so pat it makes your teeth hurt .
... nothing scary here except for some awful acting and lame special effects .
... just a big mess of a movie , full of images and events , but no tension or surprise .
it 's too loud to shout insults at the screen
, with lots of tears but very little in the way of insights
it 's too long
it 's the worst movie of 2002
it 's the perfect cure for insomnia .
shlockmeister
it 's trying to set the women 's liberation movement back 20 years
it 's undone by a sloppy script
There 's suspension of disbelief and then there 's bad screenwriting ...
too cerebral for its own good -- or
has its redundancies
has its moments of swaggering camaraderie , but more often just feels generic , derivative and done to death .
outrageous pranks and scenes designed to push the envelope of bad taste for laughs
outrageously unbelievable scenarios
threw them into a blender
three-hour endurance test
when you doze off thirty minutes into the film
when you can pillage from Shirley Jackson , Richard Matheson ... and puke up something like ROSE RED
when they were a staple of exploitation theater programming
to the dustbin of history
Cinematic poo .
Cinematic pratfalls
Cinematic pyrotechnics aside , the only thing Avary seems to care about are mean giggles and pulchritude .
City By The Sea would slip under the waves .
too boring , and occasionally annoying .
produced such a script , but here 's guessing that spray cheese and underarm noises played a crucial role
produce the same sleep-inducing effects as watching your neighbor 's home videos
her inner journey is largely unexplored and we 're left wondering about this exotic-looking woman whose emotional depths are only hinted at
her inner journey is largely unexplored
Why make a documentary about these marginal historical figures ? Would n't one about their famous dad , author of Death in Venice , etc . , be more valuable ?
Why he was given free reign over this project
Why did they deem it necessary to document all this emotional misery
Why come up with something even quasi-original , when you can pillage from Shirley Jackson , Richard Matheson ... and puke up something like ROSE RED ?
as it is flawed
frequently misses the mark
ache
ache by the end of Kung Pow
frequently pandering to fans of the gross-out comedy
has just lost his wife
has made before , like Beau Travil and Nenette et Boni , could prepare us for this gory , perverted , sex-soaked riff on the cannibal genre .
might as well have been Problem Child
might as well be stomping through them in clown clothes , playing a college football fight song on untuned instruments .
might be Swept Under the Rug .
might be all the more infuriating
The story and characters are nowhere near gripping enough .
The story bogs down in a mess of purposeless violence .
The story ... is moldy and obvious .
The story 's so preposterous that I did n't believe it for a second , despite the best efforts of everyone involved .
The story has its redundancies
The story drifts so inexorably into cliches about tortured ( and torturing ) artists and consuming but impossible love that you ca n't help but become more disappointed as each overwrought new sequence plods on .
condescension from every pore .
I 've been as entranced and appalled by an Asian film since Shinya Tsukamoto 's Iron Man
I complain all the time about seeing the same ideas repeated in films over and over again
a ship as leaky
been a confusing and horrifying vision
Más sarcástica
wonder , ` What 's the point ?
fetishism .
pull it back
women 's clothing can cover up any deficiency in acting , writing or direction
as a collection of keening and self-mutilating sideshow geeks
as a commodified , sold-out concept on the american filmmaking scene
artsy and often pointless
artistic malnutrition
too long and
is nothing more than two guys beating the hell outta
retreat into oblivion and return .
a hill in a trash can ?
wonder , ` What 's the point ? '
predictable plotting and
Given the fact that virtually no one is bound to show up at theatres for it
Given the fact that virtually no one is bound to show up at theatres for it , the project should have been made for the tube .
the Blair Witch formula for an hour , in which we 're told something creepy and vague is in the works
be bad
Jolie 's hideous yellow ` do
Jolie 's hideous yellow
absurdities and inconsistencies
, the film ends with a large human tragedy . Alas , getting there is not even half the interest .
, the film fails to make the most out of the intriguing premise .
about with `` courage '' pinned to its huckster lapel while a yellow streak a mile wide decorates its back
absurdist humor
absolutely and completely ridiculous and an insult to every family whose mother has suffered through the horrible pains of a death by cancer
absolutely and completely ridiculous and
walk out of the theater not feeling
like a couple of mediocre TV-movie
Why make a documentary about these marginal historical figures ?
Why he was given free reign over this project -- he wrote , directed , starred and produced -- is beyond me .
it 's also disappointing to a certain degree .
it 's also not very good .
it 's a rushed , slapdash , sequel-for-the-sake - of-a-sequel with less than half
it 's a movie that gets under your skin .
it 's a pale imitation .
not every low-budget movie
not even Ms. Redgrave 's noblest efforts can redeem it from hopeless sentimentality .
not as innovative , nor the story as imaginative as in the original
not all that good
not as aggressively impressive as its American counterpart
Leave it
Why `` they '' were here and what `` they '' wanted and quite honestly , I did n't care .
It 's a hellish , numbing experience to watch ,
It 's a hellish , numbing experience to watch
It 's a brilliant , honest performance by Nicholson , but the film is an agonizing
It 's a feel-bad ending for a depressing story that throws a bunch of hot-button items in the viewer 's face and asks to be seen as hip , winking social commentary .
It 's a frightful vanity film that , no doubt , pays off what debt Miramax felt they owed to Benigni .
pretentiously awful
depressing story
is that Van Wilder does little that is actually funny with the material
is that Hollywood expects people to pay to see it .
is that , even in all its director 's cut glory , he 's made a film that 's barely shocking , barely interesting and most of all , barely anything .
is that Celebi could take me back to a time before I saw this movie
pretentiously awful student films
depth or complexity
the end Sum of All Fears morphs into a mundane '70s disaster flick .
the end an honorable , interesting failure . It falls far short
the end an honorable , interesting failure . It falls far short of poetry
the end an honorable , interesting failure
the end an honorable , interesting failure .
fright and dread
waits grimly for the next shock without developing much attachment to the characters
Ararat far more demanding than it needs to be
Ararat feels like a book report
a pale successor
sympathy really belongs with any viewer forced to watch him try out so many complicated facial expressions
the rest is n't more compelling
labored gentility
laboriousness
labeling it a dog
labeling it a dog probably constitutes cruelty to canines
lack any intrigue ( other than their funny accents )
the ultimate `` Bellini '' begins to look like a `` real Kaputschnik
the unfulfilling
trying to cope with the mysterious and brutal nature of adults
is a movie that starts out like Heathers , then becomes Bring it On , then becomes unwatchable .
is a movie that starts out like Heathers , then becomes Bring it On , then becomes unwatchable
is a movie filled with unlikable , spiteful idiots ; whether or not their friendship is salvaged
is a movie filled with unlikable , spiteful idiots ;
is a movie filled with unlikable , spiteful idiots
is a monumental achievement in practically every facet of inept filmmaking : joyless , idiotic , annoying , heavy-handed , visually atrocious , and often downright creepy .
is a monumental achievement in practically every facet of inept filmmaking : joyless , idiotic , annoying , heavy-handed , visually atrocious , and often downright creepy
is a monumental achievement in practically every facet of inept filmmaking :
celebi could take me back to a time before i saw this movie and i could just skip it
Maybe it 's just because this past year has seen the release of some of the worst film comedies in decades
instead go rent `` Shakes The Clown '' , a much funnier film with a similar theme and an equally great Robin Williams performance
inspired '' was a lot funnier
thin stretched over the nearly 80-minute running time
thin notion
of Bible parables and not an actual story
thin writing proves its undoing
thin writing
by Washington . It wo n't rock any boats
to waste their time
'' terrible
head-banging obviousness
headbangingly
heard since Macy Gray 's game of Chinese whispers with Mr Bean
heard that the fans of the first Men in Black have come away hating the second one .
Drug abuse , infidelity and
Drug abuse
are okay , not much fire in the script
are okay , not much fire in the script .
are often more predictable than their consequences
are paper thin
are plot holes big enough for Shamu the killer whale to swim through
are plot holes big enough for Shamu the killer whale to swim through .
are poorly
the pushiness and decibel volume
the pungent bite of its title
if the laborious pacing and endless exposition had been tightened
if the filmmakers were worried the story would n't work without all those gimmicks
if the director had released the outtakes theatrically and used the film as a bonus feature on the DVD
if the director , Tom Dey , had spliced together bits and pieces of Midnight Run and 48 Hours ( and , for that matter , Shrek )
offers big , fat , dumb
offers no sugar-coating or interludes of lightness
the picture itself is somewhat problematic
It 's petty thievery like this that puts flimsy flicks like this behind bars
a teenybopper Ed Wood film , replete with the pubescent scandalous innuendo and the high-strung but flaccid drama
a temperamental child begging for attention , giving audiences no reason to truly care for its decrepit freaks beyond the promise of a reprieve from their incessant whining
a tendency to slip into hokum . A Rumor of Angels does n't just slip
a terrible adaptation
a terrible adaptation of a play
a terrible adaptation of a play that only ever walked the delicate tightrope between farcical and loathsome . In the wrong hands , i . e . Peploe 's , it 's simply unbearable
It 's replaced by some dramatic scenes that are jarring and deeply out of place in what could have ( and probably should have ) been a lighthearted comedy .
emotionally cheated by the film 's tart , sugar-free wit
emotionally cheated
the cultural moat surrounding its ludicrous and contrived plot
! The camera twirls ! Oh , look at that clever angle ! Wow , a jump cut !
' ( Hopkins ) does n't so much phone in his performance as fax it . No , even that 's too committed . He gets his secretary to fax it . ''
a painful lie
a painful ride
If you are curious to see the darker side of what 's going on with young TV actors ( Dawson Leery did what ?!? ) , or see some interesting storytelling devices , you might want to check it out , but there 's nothing very attractive about this movie
meat-and-potatoes
mean streak
illness
rely on stupidity
acknowledges upfront that the plot makes no sense
acknowledges upfront that the plot makes no sense , such that the lack of linearity is the point of emotional and moral departure for protagonist Alice
acknowledges upfront that the plot makes no sense ,
need , neurosis and nervy
A bland , obnoxious 88-minute infomercial
A cellophane-pop remake of the punk
A cellophane-pop remake
While this one gets off with a good natured warning , future Lizard endeavors will need to adhere more closely to the laws of laughter
While you have to admit it 's semi-amusing to watch Robert DeNiro belt out '' When you 're a Jet , you 're a Jet all the way , '' it 's equally distasteful to watch him sing the lyrics to '' Tonight . ''
Who is this movie for ? Not kids , who do n't need the lesson in repugnance . It 's also not smart or barbed enough for older viewers
Who is this movie for ? Not kids , who do n't need the lesson in repugnance . It 's also not smart or barbed enough for older viewers -- not everyone thinks poo-poo jokes are ` edgy . '
a routine courtroom drama , better suited for a movie titled `` Glory : A Soldier 's Story
This cloying , voices-from-the-other-side story
plodding picture
plot and pacing typical Hollywood war-movie stuff
plot and pornographic way
W
has cheesy effects and a hoary plot
a cold , bliss-less work that groans along thinking itself some important comment on how life throws us some beguiling curves
what may be his most demented film to date
a flawed film
a flawed
a filmmaking methodology that 's just experimental enough to alienate the mainstream audience while ringing cliched to hardened indie-heads
bad
bad sci-fi
banal dialogue
banal
that seems as though it was written for no one , but somehow
that run the gamut from cheesy to cheesier to cheesiest
soon-to-be-forgettable
soon-to-be-forgettable '' section
soon-to-be-forgettable '' section of the quirky rip-off prison romp pile
Terrible .
situates it all in a plot as musty as one of the Golden Eagle 's carpets .
Tends to pile too many `` serious issues '' on its plate at times , yet
Terrible
Tends to plod .
Tends to plod
sitting through this sloppy , made-for-movie comedy special
sitting through Dahmer 's two hours amounts to little more than punishment
sitting in a downtown café , overhearing a bunch of typical late-twenty-somethings natter on about nothing , and desperately wishing you could change tables
disposible
dismay
disjointed jumble of borrowed plot points
disjointed jumble
disingenuous to call Reno a great film
disguising this as one of the worst films of the summer
disguising this
too clichéd
too clichéd and
too clichéd and too often strains
too clichéd and too often strains credulity
too conventional -- lots of boring talking heads , etc. -- to do the subject matter justice
too deep or substantial .
dissolves into a routine courtroom drama , better suited for a movie titled `` Glory : A Soldier 's Story
dissing the film that they did n't mind the ticket cost
slip into the modern rut of narrative banality
is one of the hapless victims of the arrogant `` if we put together a wry white man and a chatty black man and give them guns , the movie will be funny '' syndrome
is one of the hapless victims of the arrogant
is one of the biggest disappointments of the year .
is one of my least favourite emotions , especially when I have to put up with 146 minutes of it .
is one of my least favourite emotions , especially when I have to put up with 146 minutes of it
unbalanced
is one of the hapless victims of the arrogant `` if we put together a wry white man and a chatty black man and give them guns , the movie will be funny '' syndrome .
opens with maggots crawling on a dead dog
Pretend it 's a werewolf itself by avoiding eye contact and walking slowly away .
Predictably melodramatic .
Predictably soulless techno-tripe .
Pretend it 's a werewolf itself by avoiding eye contact and walking slowly away
indescribably bad movie
indoors in formal settings with motionless characters
the whole dead-undead genre
the whole dead-undead genre , who deserve more from a vampire pic than a few shrieky special effects
the whole slo-mo , double-pistoled , ballistic-pyrotechnic Hong Kong action
lost in the translation this time
lost on the target audience
lots of boring talking heads , etc.
lots of boring talking heads , etc. --
muttering words like `` horrible '' and `` terrible
my least favourite emotions ,
of business notable largely for its overwhelming creepiness , for an eagerness to create images you wish you had n't seen
of black indomitability
were less simplistic , obvious , clumsily plotted and shallowly characterized
were less simplistic , obvious , clumsily plotted and shallowly characterized .
Green ruins every single scene he 's in , and the film , while it 's not completely wreaked , is seriously compromised by that .
Green ruins every single scene he 's in , and the film , while it 's not completely wreaked , is seriously compromised by that
Green ruins every single scene he 's in , and
Green ruins every single scene he 's in ,
required to have ushers in the theater that hand you a cup of coffee every few minutes . Like a marathon runner trying to finish a race , you need a constant influx of liquid just to get through it
lifeless , meandering , loud , painful , obnoxious
lifeless execution
lifeless execution .
lift ( this ) thrill-kill cat-and-mouser ... above its paint-by-numbers plot
Phoned-in business
Peter O'Fallon did n't have an original bone in his body
the darkest variety
the day-old shelf
the day-old shelf would be a more appropriate location to store it
, but your ego
asparagus . If you 're not a fan , it might be like trying to eat Brussels sprouts
assassination
goes after one truth ( the Ford administration 's complicity in tearing ` orphans ' from their mothers ) and stumbles upon others even more compelling
would have liked it much more if Harry & Tonto never existed
a static series
a statement and issue worthy of a much more thoughtfulness and insight than a melodramatic and wholly predictable thriller
a staple of exploitation theater programming
a static series of semi-improvised ( and semi-coherent ) raps between the stars .
Every dance becomes about seduction , where backstabbing and betrayals are celebrated , and sex is currency .
I did n't believe it for a second , despite the best efforts of everyone involved
I did n't care for it
would have been doing something wrong
go unnoticed and underappreciated by music fans
I cry for I Spy -- or I would if this latest and laziest imaginable of all vintage-TV spinoffs were capable of engendering an emotional response of any kind .
I cry for I Spy -- or
I cry for I Spy -- or I would if this latest and laziest imaginable of all vintage-TV spinoffs were capable of engendering an emotional response of any kind
is not an ounce of honesty in the entire production
is not an ounce of honesty in the entire production .
is ridiculous ,
is relatively slow
is not a character in the movie with a shred of plausibility , not an event that is believable , not a confrontation that is not staged , not a moment that is not false .
is so resolutely cobbled together out of older movies that it even uses a totally unnecessary prologue , just because it seems obligatory
is so resolutely cobbled together out of older movies that it even uses a totally unnecessary prologue , just because it seems obligatory .
long , dull procession
is so sketchy it amounts to little more than preliminary notes for a science-fiction horror film
is so self-pitying
imagine ( if possible ) a pasolini film without passion or politics , or an almodovar movie without beauty or humor , and you have some idea of the glum , numb experience of watching o fantasma .
ill-fitting
imagine ( if possible ) a pasolini film without passion or politics , or an almodovar movie without beauty or humor
imagine ( if possible ) a pasolini film without passion or politics , or an almodovar movie without beauty or humor ,
imagine ( if possible ) a pasolini film without passion or politics , or an almodovar movie without beauty or humor , and
imagine ( if possible ) a pasolini film without passion or politics , or an almodovar movie without beauty or humor , and you have some idea of the glum , numb experience of watching o fantasma
would be a lot better if it stuck to Betty Fisher and left out the other stories
unfree
's easier to change the sheets
's dull , spiritless , silly and monotonous : an ultra-loud blast of pointless mayhem , going nowhere fast
's dull , spiritless , silly and monotonous : an ultra-loud blast of pointless mayhem , going nowhere fast .
's dull , spiritless , silly and monotonous
's dry
true ' bad
wrong on both counts
like the imaginary sport it projects onto the screen -- loud , violent and mindless
not to have been edited at all
not smart or
not smart or barbed enough for older viewers
approached the usher and said that if she had to sit through it again , she should ask for a raise .
dialogue and a heroine who comes across as both shallow and dim-witted
big-budget bust
big-budget , after-school special
mildly unimpressive to despairingly awful
mildly unimpressive
milked
mildly funny , sometimes tedious , ultimately insignificant
milquetoast
The concept is a hoot . The trailer is a riot . The movie is a dud .
seem smug and cartoonish
prurient or squeamish
this past year has seen the release of some of the worst film comedies in decades
so with such an uneven tone
be a parody of gross-out flicks , college flicks ,
be a one-trick pony
be a lot better if it pared down its plots and characters to a few rather than dozens ... or if it were subtler ... or if it had a sense of humor
be a retro-refitting exercise in campy recall for older fans or a silly , Nickelodeon-esque kiddie flick
be a power outage during your screening so you can get your money back
war-weary marine
The Mothman Prophecies , which is mostly a bore , seems to exist only for its climactic setpiece .
The Movie . '' It 's that painful
The Pianist like a surgeon mends a broken heart ; very meticulously but without any passion
warm nor fuzzy
bad for King , who 's honestly trying , and Schwartzman , who 's shot himself in the foot
bad filmmaking
bad idea
bad high school production
bad bear suits
bad as its trailers ?
bad case
bad bluescreen
A strong and confident work which works so well for the first 89 minutes , but ends so horrendously confusing
no way to sort out the mess in our heads and deconstruct where it all went wrong
no tension or surprise
no tension
least surprising
leave the building until everyone is aware of it
by a disastrous ending
waiting to spoil things
waiting for the ending credits and the deleted scenes montage to break the audience 's awkward silence
drawn-out
drawbacks
all manner of drag queen , bearded lady and lactating hippie
is a snow emergency .
except as a harsh conceptual exercise
except a lingering creepiness one feels from being dragged through a sad , sordid universe of guns , drugs , avarice and damaged dreams
Some actors steal scenes . Tom Green just gives them a bad odor .
Some actors steal scenes . Tom Green just gives them a bad odor . This self-infatuated goofball is far from the only thing wrong with the clumsy comedy Stealing Harvard ,
Some actors steal scenes . Tom Green just gives them a bad odor . This self-infatuated goofball is far from the only thing wrong with the clumsy comedy Stealing Harvard , but
Some actors steal scenes . Tom Green just gives them a bad odor . This self-infatuated goofball is far from the only thing wrong with the clumsy comedy Stealing Harvard , but he 's the most obvious one
Some actors steal scenes . Tom Green just gives them a bad odor . This self-infatuated goofball is far from the only thing wrong with the clumsy comedy Stealing Harvard , but he 's the most obvious one .
Some decent actors inflict big damage upon their reputations .
Some elements of it really blow the big one
several times here and reveals how bad an actress she is .
several times here and reveals how bad an actress she is
desolate
sex threatens to overwhelm everything else
desperation and cinematic deception
desperation worthy
plotless
Hit and miss as far as the comedy goes and a big ole ' miss in the way of story .
Hit and miss as far as the comedy goes and a big ole ' miss in the way of story
It 's as if a bored Cage spent the duration of the film 's shooting schedule waiting to scream : `` Got AIDS yet ? ''
bother with a contemptible imitator
bother with a contemptible imitator starring a
bother with a contemptible imitator starring a ''
bother with a contemptible imitator starring a '' SNL '' has-been acting
bother with a contemptible imitator starring a '' SNL '' has-been acting like an 8-year-old channeling Roberto Benigni
I 'll stay with the stage versions , however , which bite cleaner , and deeper .
Rules expecting a slice of American Pie hijinks starring the kid from Dawson 's Creek
Rubbo 's dumbed-down tactics
Rumor , a muddled drama about coming to terms with death , feels impersonal , almost generic .
Rumor , a muddled drama about coming to terms with death ,
left off the film 's predictable denouement
left slightly disappointed that it did n't
left slightly disappointed
left with a sour taste in your mouth
left to work with , sort of like Michael Jackson 's nose
left with a story that tries to grab us , only to keep letting go at all the wrong moments
to the junk-calorie suspense tropes that have all but ruined his career
to the point of resembling a stage play
the humor , characterization , poignancy , and intelligence of a bad sitcom
It made me feel unclean , and I 'm the guy who liked There 's Something About Mary and both American Pie movies . Oh , and Booty Call .
It made me feel unclean , and I 'm the guy who liked There 's Something About Mary and both American Pie movies . Oh , and Booty Call
It made me feel unclean , and
It made me feel unclean ,
It made me feel unclean
It just did n't mean much to me and played too skewed to ever get a hold on ( or be entertained by ) .
It just did n't mean much to me and played too skewed to ever get a hold on ( or be entertained by )
It made me want to wrench my eyes out of my head and toss them at the screen .
water torture
water torture seem appealing
has a visual flair that waxes poetic far too much for our taste
has a tougher time balancing its violence with Kafka-inspired philosophy
Tykwer 's surface flash is n't just a poor fit with Kieslowski 's lyrical pessimism
Even Murphy 's expert comic timing and famed charisma ca n't rescue this effort .
Evelyn may be based on a true and historically significant story , but the filmmakers have made every effort to disguise it as an unimaginative screenwriter 's invention
very handsomely produced let-down
Evelyn may be based on a true and historically significant story , but the filmmakers have made every effort to disguise it as an unimaginative screenwriter 's invention .
the cutting-room floor of any given daytime soap
is like a year late
is like a year late for tapping into our reality tv obsession , and even tardier for exploiting the novelty of the `` webcast
is like a beautiful food entrée that is n't heated properly , so that it ends up a bit cold and relatively flavorless
is like a beautiful food entrée that is n't heated properly , so that it ends up a bit cold and relatively flavorless .
has run its course
The Paradiso 's rusted-out ruin and ultimate collapse during the film 's final ( restored ) third ...
The Paradiso 's rusted-out ruin and ultimate collapse during the film 's final ( restored ) third ... emotionally belittle a cinema classic .
a brisk pace as it races through the familiar story . However , it lacks grandeur and
frustrating combination
frustrating than a modem that disconnects every 10 seconds
infantile , redundant , sloppy , over-the-top ,
fudges facts
with blazing guns , cheatfully filmed martial arts , disintegrating bloodsucker computer effects and jagged camera moves that serve no other purpose than to call attention to themselves
with bogus profundities
to whom we might not give a second look if we passed them on the street
only comes to no good
only makeup-deep
Puts on airs of a Hal Hartley wannabe film -- without the vital comic ingredient of the hilarious writer-director himself .
when he 's not giving the same 15-cent stump speech
of having been slimed in the name of High Art
of health with boundless energy until a few days before she dies . This is absolutely and completely ridiculous and an insult to every family whose mother has suffered through the horrible pains of a death by cancer
of hell
despair
desperate attempts
desperately
despite its noticeable lack of emotional heft
may lull you to sleep
may look classy in a '60s - homage pokepie hat , but as a character he 's dry , dry , dry
may look classy in a '60s - homage pokepie hat , but as a character he 's dry , dry , dry .
may just end up trying to drown yourself in a lake afterwards .
may have to keep on looking .
may just end up trying to drown yourself in a lake afterwards
by the dunce of a Screenwriting 101 class
by the end there 's a sense that the crux of the mystery hinges on a technicality that strains credulity and leaves the viewer haunted by the waste of potential
impossible to care about
more like the pilot episode of a TV series
more likely to drown a viewer in boredom than to send any shivers down his spine
blind to the silliness
the coffin of any future Rice adaptations
unrelentingly exploitative
that it 's impossible to care
A movie that 's just plain awful but still
stripped away its inspirations
stripped away its inspirations there
string-pulling rather than legitimate character development
string-pulling
string the stunts together and not quite enough characterization
string the stunts together and not quite enough characterization to keep the faces straight
works on no level whatsoever for me
fragmented film
the character is almost completely deadpan
exploitation theater programming
exploitative , thoroughly unpleasant
exploit them
exploitation film
exploitation flick
is too insistent
try the patience of even the most cinema-besotted critic -- and this was one of them
hiss
his way to turn the legendary wit 's classic mistaken identity farce into brutally labored and unfunny hokum
to document all this emotional misery
's deep-sixed by a compulsion to catalog every bodily fluids gag in There 's Something About Mary and devise a parallel clone-gag
's deep-sixed by a compulsion to catalog every bodily fluids gag in There 's Something About Mary and devise a parallel clone-gag .
's definite room for improvement
's definitely not made for kids or their parents , for that matter
's denial of sincere grief and mourning in favor of bogus spiritualism
's depressing to see how far Herzog has fallen
's depressing to see how far Herzog has fallen .
with revulsion
to being nothing more than a formulaic chase in the dark
with regret and , ultimately , finding redemption
to believe that a life like this can sound so dull
a concept doofus
enjoys intentionally introducing your kids to films which will cause loads of irreparable damage that years and years of costly analysis could never fix
pretentious
criminal activity
creepy turn
misanthropy
miscalculation
mired in tear-drenched quicksand
pretentious types
and then only as a very mild rental
and weakly acted
and unrelentingly exploitative
of its star , Jean Reno , who resembles Sly Stallone in a hot sake half-sleep
of knucklehead swill
to the World Trade Center tragedy
The philosophical musings of the dialogue jar against the tawdry soap opera antics
The philosophical musings of the dialogue jar against the tawdry soap opera antics of the film 's action
doze off
doze off during this one
dozens of bad guys
drab .
As is often the case with ambitious , eager first-time filmmakers , Mr. Murray , a prolific director of music videos , stuffs his debut with more plot than it can comfortably hold .
As it is , it 's too long and unfocused .
their lack
a humorless , disjointed mess
a home movie
Even bigger and more ambitious than the first installment , Spy Kids 2 looks as if it were made by a highly gifted 12-year-old instead of a grown man .
Bloody Sunday lacks in clarity
that it 's exhausting to watch
Bluer than the Atlantic
There 's not one decent performance from the cast and not one clever line of dialogue .
There 's nothing exactly wrong here , but
There 's nothing exactly wrong here , but there 's not nearly enough that 's right .
There 's only one way to kill Michael Myers for good : stop buying tickets to these movies .
By The Sea would slip under the waves .
forever on the verge of either cracking up or throwing up
forces them into bizarre , implausible behavior
forced drama in this wildly uneven movie , about a young man 's battle with his inescapable past and uncertain future in a very shapable but largely unfulfilling present
forced drama in this wildly uneven movie , about
a year late for tapping into our reality tv obsession , and
a year late for tapping into our reality tv obsession , and even tardier for exploiting the novelty of the '' webcast
a young woman 's breakdown
that the only rip off that we were aware of
Wince-inducing dialogue , thrift-shop costumes , prosthetic makeup by Silly Putty and Kmart blue-light-special effects all conspire to test Trekkie loyalty .
Wince-inducing dialogue , thrift-shop costumes , prosthetic makeup by Silly Putty and Kmart blue-light-special effects all
Wishy-washy .
Wishy-washy
to get to the closing bout ... by which time it 's impossible to care who wins
to get a coherent rhythm going
By that measure , it is a failure .
skip the film
skims over the realities of gay sex
skip the film and pick up the soundtrack
skip the film and
drive past -- even if it chiefly inspires you to drive a little faster
abomination
Partly a schmaltzy , by-the-numbers romantic comedy , partly a shallow rumination on the emptiness of success -- and entirely soulless .
show off his talent by surrounding himself with untalented people
Parker updates the setting in an attempt to make the film relevant today , without fully understanding what it was that made the story relevant in the first place .
No better or worse than ` Truth or Consequences , N.M. ' or any other interchangeable actioner with imbecilic Mafia
No aspirations to social import inform the movie version .
No French people were harmed during the making of this movie , but they were insulted and the audience was put through torture for an hour and a half .
No French people were harmed during the making of this movie , but they were insulted and the audience was put through torture for an hour and a half
vain for a movie
No cute factor
No better or worse than ` Truth or Consequences , N.M. ' or any other interchangeable actioner with imbecilic Mafia toolbags botching a routine assignment in a Western backwater .
unfaithful
unfairly
unfocused and tediously exasperating
unflattering comparisons
unfolds predictably
unfocused screenplay
they 're treading water at best in this forgettable effort
A little too ponderous to work as shallow entertainment , not remotely incisive enough to qualify as drama , Monsoon Wedding serves mostly to whet one 's appetite for the Bollywood films .
A little too ponderous to work as shallow entertainment , not remotely incisive enough to qualify as drama , Monsoon Wedding
A long , dull procession of despair
A long , dull procession of despair , set to cello music
A long , dull procession of despair ,
wending its way to an uninspired philosophical epiphany
wander into predictably treacherous situations
wallowing in its characters ' frustrations
wallowing in Bibi 's generic angst
walked out on a movie
Star Trek was kind of terrific once , but now it is a copy of a copy of a copy .
confrontational
confrontational stance
broadly metaphorical , oddly abstract
buying into sham truths and routine '' indie '' filmmaking , Freundlich has made just another safe movie . It 's not horrible , just horribly mediocre .
by Ahola 's inadequate performance
sits in a patch somewhere between mirthless todd solondzian satire and callow student film
's hampered by a Lifetime-channel kind of plot and a lead actress who is out of her depth .
's hampered by a Lifetime-channel kind of plot and a lead actress who is out of her depth
wasted in this crass , low-wattage endeavor
was written for no one
blues
bludgeoning
bludgeoning the audience
bludgeoning the audience over the head
blubber
puns
with no discernible craft and monstrously sanctimonious
story which fails to rise above its disgusting source material .
story which fails to rise above its disgusting source material
story flattens
It gets the details of its time frame right but it completely misses its emotions .
It has all the excitement of eating oatmeal .
It has its moments of swaggering camaraderie , but more often just feels generic , derivative and done to death .
It gives poor Dana Carvey nothing to do that is really funny
It gives poor Dana Carvey nothing to do that is really funny ,
saturation bombing
later , violent jealousy
is n't going to make box office money that makes Michael Jordan jealous
is n't entirely persuasive
get by without being funny simply by structuring the scenes as if they were jokes : a setup , delivery and payoff
care less
in this Antonio Banderas-Lucy Liu faceoff . It 's still terrible
in this crass , low-wattage endeavor
used to ridicule movies like Hollywood Ending
to play one lewd scene after another
frightening , too stolid to be funny
friendship between women as pathetic , dysfunctional and destructive
freshened up by the dunce of a Screenwriting 101 class ... Designed to provide a mix of smiles and tears , '' Crossroads '' instead provokes a handful of unintentional howlers and numerous yawns .
freshened up by the dunce of a Screenwriting 101 class ...
some mold on the gold
would have made this a superior movie
would have been to hide Treasure Planet entirely and completely reimagine it .
would have likely wound up a TNT Original
mourning in favor of bogus spiritualism
free to leave
Fails to bring as much to the table .
whether compromise is the death of self ... this Orgasm ( wo n't be an ) exceedingly memorable one for most people
after 30 minutes into a slap-happy series
after ( Seagal 's ) earlier copycat Under Siege
afraid to provoke introspection in both its characters and its audience
after a couple of aborted attempts
after 90 minutes of playing opposite each other Bullock and Grant still look ill at ease sharing the same scene
where the upbeat ending feels like a copout
torture and self-mutilation
most irresponsible
you angry
is nothing but a convenient conveyor belt of brooding personalities that parade about as if they were coming back from Stock Character camp -- a drowsy drama infatuated by its own pretentious self-examination .
is nothing compared to the movie 's contrived , lame screenplay and listless direction
is not the most impressive player
Blithely anachronistic and slyly achronological
NOT
certainly wo n't be remembered as one of ( Witherspoon 's ) better films .
certainly wo n't win any honors
haunts , horrifies , startles and
haunts , horrifies , startles
have a feeling that I would have liked it much more if Harry & Tonto never existed
is stuck trying to light a fire with soggy leaves
is strictly off-the-rack
is strictly off-the-rack .
the ' 70 's were your idea of a good time at the movies
to its ultimate demise
first shocking thing
first lousy Guy Ritchie imitation
the ridicule factor
laughing at Britney Spears ' movie-starring debut whenever it does n't have you impatiently squinting at your watch
laughing at Britney Spears ' movie-starring debut
laughing at us
laughing at the ridiculous dialog or the oh-so convenient plot twists
laughs are lacking
laughs , with a hit-to-miss ratio that does n't exactly favour the audience
by a miscast leading lady
Watching a Brian DePalma movie is like watching an Alfred Hitchcock movie after drinking twelve beers
this movie is 90 minutes long , and
this movie is 90 minutes long , and life is too short
or an absurdist workplace sitcom
But the characters tend to be cliches whose lives are never fully explored .
the ridiculous dialog or the oh-so convenient plot twists
zero-dimensional
A Rumor of Angels should dispel it .
robbed
robbed and replaced
of about six gags
Mr . Deeds is , as comedy goes , very silly
lingerie models and bar dancers
linking a halfwit plot
linking a halfwit plot to a series of standup routines in which Wilson and Murphy show how funny they could have been in a more ambitious movie
lip-reading
It 's another retelling of Alexandre Dumas ' classic . Why ? Who knows ,
It 's another retelling of Alexandre Dumas ' classic . Why ? Who knows
without any passion
are jarring and deeply out of place in what could
are just actory concoctions , defined by childlike dimness and a handful of quirks
are limited and so embellished by editing that there 's really not much of a sense of action or even action-comedy
are limited and so embellished by editing that there 's really not much of a sense of action or even action-comedy .
the Wal-Mart checkout line
the `` Queen '' and less of the `` Damned
Even film silliness
of unfocused , excruciatingly tedious cinema
of unhappy
to feel anything much while watching this movie , beyond mild disturbance or detached pleasure at the acting
ludicrous
lumbering
tempting to jump ship in January to avoid ridiculous schlock like this shoddy suspense thriller
Foolish Choices for advice
For Caine Lovers only .
For Happiness is a bad film
Even the hastily and amateurishly drawn animation
Even the hastily and amateurishly drawn animation can not engage .
Even the unwatchable Soapdish
Even the unwatchable Soapdish is more original .
Even with a green Mohawk and a sheet of fire-red flame tattoos covering his shoulder , however , Kilmer seems to be posing , rather than acting .
, you 're desperate for the evening to end .
, you 're entirely unprepared .
Eerily accurate depiction of depression .
'll be at the dollar theatres by the time Christmas rolls around
'll be as bored watching Morvern Callar as the characters are in it
enough chuckles for a three-minute sketch
ennui-hobbled
Harsh
The pleasures of Super Troopers may be fleeting , but
uncomfortable movie
What 's worse is that Pelosi knows it .
What 's missing in Murder by Numbers is any real psychological grounding for the teens ' deviant behaviour .
Includes too much obvious padding .
Includes too much obvious padding
, then you 're in for a painful ride .
Indifferently implausible popcorn programmer of a movie
Indifferently implausible
, then knock yourself out and enjoy the big screen postcard that is a self-glorified Martin Lawrence lovefest . If you are willing to do this , then you so crazy !
, the way this all works out makes the women look more like stereotypical caretakers and moral teachers , instead of serious athletes .
watery tones
watching the proverbial paint dry would be a welcome improvement
watching this digital-effects-heavy , supposed family-friendly comedy
remarkably fuddled about motives and context , which drains it of the dramatic substance that would shake us in our boots ( or cinema seats )
after an 88-minute rip-off of The Rock
remains oddly detached
remains mostly undeterminable
remains a ponderous and pretentious endeavor that 's unfocused and tediously exasperating
remains a loosely tied series of vignettes which only prove that ` zany ' does n't necessarily mean ` funny . '
goes to absurd lengths
goes to absurd lengths to duck the very issues it raises
a grim , upsetting glimpse at the lives of some of the 1 . 2 million Palestinians who live in the crowded cities and refugee camps of Gaza
skip , even for horror movie fanatics
skippable
a grimace
completely numbing
completely forgotten
complain
complain all the time about seeing the same ideas repeated in films over and over again
will have people walking out halfway through
Red Dragon is less baroque and showy than Hannibal , and less emotionally affecting than Silence . But
, it will never hold a candle to the original
a storyline that never quite delivers the original magic
a story without surprises
, it remains depressingly prosaic and dull
a story that is so far-fetched it would be impossible to believe if it were n't true
loathe
loathe it
stiff and schmaltzy and clumsily
ate
at this time , with this cast , this movie is hopeless
stiff
by a legacy of abuse
by a central plot that 's peppered with false starts and populated by characters who are nearly impossible to care about
robbery may be the only way to pay for his next project
robbery
watching monkeys flinging their feces at you
need more X and less blab
need more X and less blab .
need n't waste their time on it
need of a scented bath
you 'll ever see and dissolves into a routine courtroom drama , better suited for a movie titled `` Glory : A Soldier 's Story . ''
you 'll derive from this choppy and sloppy affair
a total washout
this preachy produce promotes is beyond us .
this preachy
this particular result is ultimately held back from being something greater
10 or 15 minutes could be cut
10 or 15 minutes could be cut and
this overstuffed , erratic dramedy
as innovative , nor the story as imaginative
of motherhood and desperate mothers
of moronic stunts
problematic quest
problems and
problems with this film that even 3 Oscar winners ca n't overcome
want it to be better and more successful than it is
meets Goodfellas in this easily skippable hayseeds-vs .
meets Goodfellas in this easily skippable hayseeds-vs
as it plods toward the end , less like a movie than like the filmed reading of a script in need of polishing
dizzying
do n't care whether that cold-hearted snake petrovich ( that would be reno ) gets his comeuppance . just bring on the battle bots , please
do n't really care too much about this love story . in that setting
recycled
recycling old cliches
reduce it
had no effect and
had more interesting -- and , dare I say , thematically complex -- bowel movements than this long-on-the-shelf , point-and-shoot exercise in gimmicky crime drama
squanders Chan 's uniqueness
that I became mad that I wasted 123 minutes and $ 9.50 on this 21st century
is a question for philosophers , not filmmakers ; all the filmmakers need to do is engage an audience .
third act miscalculation
pointing his camera through the smeared windshield of his rental car
pointless , stupid
thinly-conceived movie .
subject as monstrous and pathetic as Dahmer
keeps us at arm 's length . Guided more by intellect than heart , his story flattens instead of sharpens .
keeps us at arm 's length . Guided more by intellect than heart , his story flattens instead of sharpens
preposterousness
prefer Disney 's more faithful 1950 live-action swashbuckling classic
would have been better off staying on the festival circuit
the most depressing movie-going experiences
to baffle the faithful with his games of hide-and-seek
to avoid them in the future
small potatoes
injected self-consciousness
innocuous and unremarkable
are totally estranged from reality .
are totally estranged from reality
its blood-drenched
its blood-drenched stephen norrington-directed predecessor
its blair witch project real-time roots
swims in mediocrity , sticking its head up for a breath of fresh air now and then .
swims in mediocrity , sticking its head up for a breath of fresh air now and then
swims in mediocrity ,
swims in mediocrity
tried to squeeze too many elements into the film
trek to the ` plex predisposed to like it probably will enjoy themselves . But ticket-buyers with great expectations
tries to be ethereal , but
the cast members , who seem bound and determined to duplicate Bela Lugosi 's now-cliched vampire accent
all of its assigned marks to take on any life of its own
all men for war , '' ( the warden 's daughter ) tells her father . The movie is about as deep as that sentiment
all menace and atmosphere
, slow-moving parable
a slow slog to get there
a simple '' Goddammit
the problem is that for the most part , the film is deadly dull .
the problem is the needlessly poor quality of its archival prints and film footage
the problem
the problem is that for the most part , the film is deadly dull
the problem is the needlessly poor quality of its archival prints and film footage . the images lack contrast , are murky and are frequently too dark to be decipherable
the problem is the needlessly poor quality of its archival prints and film footage . the images lack contrast , are murky and are frequently too dark to be decipherable .
this kind of material
this is more appetizing than a side dish of asparagus . If you 're not a fan , it might be like trying to eat Brussels sprouts .
the movie contains no wit , only labored gags .
the movie bogs down in rhetoric and cliché .
absurdly simplistic
absurdly simplistic picture
absolutely no sense .
absolutely no sense . Its underlying mythology is a hodgepodge of inconsistencies that pose the question
absolutely no sense . Its underlying mythology is a hodgepodge of inconsistencies that pose the question : Since when did dumb entertainment have to be this dumb
absurdly sentimental
for the slain rappers
those who are only mildly curious , i fear , will be put to sleep or bewildered by the artsy and often pointless visuals
those without much interest in the elizabethans ( as well as rank frustration from those in the know about rubbo 's dumbed-down tactics )
those who are only mildly curious , i fear , will be put to sleep or bewildered by the artsy and often pointless visuals .
of thorn and vinegar
chokes
choke
choke a horse -- or at least slow him down to a canter
choke a horse -- or
choke a horse --
Makes a joke out of car chases for an hour and then gives us half an hour of car chases .
monotonous
money-oriented
Magnolia Primavera
Creepy but ultimately unsatisfying
Creepy but ultimately unsatisfying thriller .
're not likely to have seen before , but beneath the exotic surface ( and exotic dancing ) it 's surprisingly old-fashioned .
Credibility levels are low and
Credibility levels are low and character development a non-starter
Credibility levels are low and character development a non-starter .
Credibility sinks into a mire of sentiment .
The film 's snags and stumblings
, the film never percolates beyond a monotonous whine .
, the film misses the brilliance of Jelinek 's novel by some way . It settles for being merely grim .
, the film loses credibility .
, the film is so mired in juvenile and near-xenophobic pedagogy that it 's enough to make one pine for the day when Godard can no longer handle the rigors of filmmaking .
, the film is overblown in its plotting , hackneyed in its dialogue and anachronistic in its style .
, the film is less poetic than simply pretentious .
, the film shows signs that someone other than the director got into the editing room and tried to improve things by making the movie go faster .
, the film shares that writer 's usual blend of observant cleverness , too-facile coincidence and slightly noxious preciousness .
like six different movies fighting each other for attention
like six different movies fighting each other for attention .
like reading a Times Portrait of Grief that keeps shifting focus to the journalist who wrote it
between swoony lyricism and violent catastrophe ... the most aggressively nerve-wracking and screamingly neurotic romantic comedy in cinema history
overblown clunker
overbearing series
overblown in its plotting ,
overbearing and
overall the Halloween series has lost its edge
overbearing and over-the-top as the family
overbearing and over-the-top
overblown in its plotting , hackneyed in its dialogue and
overblown in its plotting , hackneyed in its dialogue
a few gross-out comedies I 've been trying to forget
lamer
cribbed
creepy crawlies
A soggy , shapeless mess ... just a dumb excuse for a waterlogged equivalent of a haunted-house movie
A soggy , shapeless mess ... just a dumb excuse for a waterlogged equivalent of a haunted-house movie .
A soggy , cliche-bound epic-horror yarn that
A soggy , cliche-bound epic-horror yarn that ends up being even dumber than its title .
A soggy , shapeless mess
A soggy , shapeless mess ...
A sometimes tedious film
A sometimes tedious film .
an extra-dry office comedy that seems twice as long as its 83 minutes
an expiration date passed a long time ago
, that 's a pretty big problem .
, that 's a liability .
Post 9\/11 the philosophical message of '' Personal Freedom First '' might not be as palatable as intended .
11 times too many
What little atmosphere is generated by the shadowy lighting , macabre sets , and
What is sorely missing
What happens when something goes bump in the night and nobody cares ?
What goes on for the 110 minutes of '' Panic Room '' is a battle of witlessness between a not-so-bright mother and daughter and an even less capable trio of criminals .
What little atmosphere is generated by the shadowy lighting , macabre sets
What is sorely missing , however , is the edge of wild , lunatic invention that we associate with Cage 's best acting
It 's a coming-of-age story we 've all seen bits of in other films
finds its tone and several scenes run too long .
fine music never heard
all blown up to the size of a house
melodrama in this Magnolia Primavera
meekly goes where nearly every Star Trek movie has gone before
generally sad
generally sad existence
from its material that is deliberately unsettling
a movie : how to get Carvey into as many silly costumes and deliver as many silly voices
93 minutes of unrecoverable life
86 minutes too long
A terrible movie that some people will nevertheless find moving .
A thriller without a lot of thrills
A thriller without a lot of thrills .
A tedious
<b> the gift of the magi </b> relocated to the scuzzy underbelly of nyc 's drug scene . merry friggin ' christmas
, the first film 's lovely flakiness is gone , replaced by the forced funniness found in the dullest kiddie flicks .
, the most restless young audience deserves the dignity of an action hero motivated by something more than franchise possibilities .
Volletta Wallace 's maternal fury
careless
Imagine ( if possible ) a Pasolini film without passion or politics
Imagine ( if possible ) a Pasolini film without passion or politics ,
If you value your time and money , find an escape clause and avoid seeing this trite , predictable rehash .
Ignoring that , he made Swimfan anyway
acting that could be any flatter
acting to compensate for the movie 's failings
you too may feel time has decided to stand still .
to check your brain at the door
shorty resonate a sardonic verve to their caustic purpose for existing , who is cletis tout
falls flat as thinking man CIA agent Jack Ryan
you 're rooting for the film to hurry up and get to its subjects ' deaths just so the documentary will be over
shockingly devoid of your typical majid majidi shoe-loving , crippled children
a terrible adaptation of a play that only ever walked the delicate tightrope between farcical and loathsome .
a terrible adaptation of a play that only ever walked the delicate tightrope between farcical and loathsome
a tendency to slip into hokum
shooting itself in the foot
shooting
shooting itself
nearly incoherent
Holocaust literature
we would pay a considerable ransom not to be looking at
we never really get inside of them .
we really have n't had a good cheesy B-movie playing in theaters since ... well ... since last week 's Reign of Fire
to have been made by people to whom the idea of narrative logic or cohesion is an entirely foreign concept
the release of some of the worst film comedies in decades
the reputation of the most famous author who ever lived comes into question
the road to hell
Lazy
Lazily directed by Charles Stone III ... from a leaden script by Matthew Cirulnick and novelist Thulani Davis .
Lazy filmmaking , with the director taking a hands-off approach when he should have shaped the story to show us why it 's compelling .
Lazy , miserable and smug . This is one of the biggest disappointments of the year .
Lawrence unleashes his trademark misogyny -- er , comedy -- like a human volcano or an overflowing septic tank
Lawrence sounds whiny and defensive , as if his life-altering experiences made him bitter and less mature .
Lazily
where janice beard falters in its recycled aspects , implausibility , and sags in pace ,
will no doubt rally to its cause , trotting out threadbare standbys like ` masterpiece ' and ` triumph ' and all that malarkey , but rarely
where janice beard falters in its recycled aspects , implausibility , and sags in pace
this sad-sack waste of a movie is a City of ruins .
is ultimately quite unengaging
the character dramas , which never reach satisfying conclusions
is too steeped in fairy tales and other childish things to appeal much to teenagers
is too steeped in fairy tales and other childish things
is too upbeat
S1M0NE 's satire is not subtle , but
I 'm not exactly sure what this movie thinks it is about .
called Best Bad Film You Thought Was Going To Be Really Awful But
called Freddy Gets Molested by a Dog
septic
it comes across rather too plainly as allegory
it comes time to wrap things up and send the viewers home
it confuses the mere flashing of kinky soft-core imagery with naughty fun .
it continues to mount a conspicuous effort to be profound
the misanthropic
takes a really long , slow and dreary time to dope out what TUCK EVERLASTING is about .
takes a really long , slow and dreary time to dope out what TUCK EVERLASTING is about
it never seems fresh and vital .
it never bothers to question why somebody might devote time to see it
it other than its exploitive array of obligatory cheap
will no doubt rally to its cause , trotting out threadbare standbys like ` masterpiece ' and ` triumph ' and all that malarkey , but rarely does an established filmmaker so ardently waste viewers ' time with a gobbler like this .
devastating testimony
devastating
despite its raucous intent ,
despite its raucous intent
despite moore 's attempts at whimsy and spoon feeding
unlikable .
jealous female friends
jargon and stiff-upper-lip laboriousness
jams too many prefabricated story elements into the running time
jams too many prefabricated story elements
unlikable
I 'm afraid you wo n't get through this frankly fantastical by-the-numbers B-flick with just a suspension of disbelief . Rather , you 'll have to wrestle disbelief to the ground and then apply the chloroform-soaked handkerchief .
the potential for a better movie than what Bailly manages to deliver
pornography or documentary
I 'm afraid you wo n't get through this frankly fantastical by-the-numbers B-flick with just a suspension of disbelief . Rather
unlike
disappoint
disaster
disappoint the action
half of Dragonfly is worse : The part where nothing 's happening , or the part where something 's happening
half the daring , much less talent , many fewer laughs .
half the daring , much less talent , many fewer
half the demons
half the excitement of Balto ,
half the excitement of Balto
One of the most plain , unimaginative romantic comedies I
of The Fugitive , Blade Runner , and Total Recall , only without much energy or tension
More concerned with overall feelings , broader ideas , and open-ended questions than concrete story and definitive answers
uninvolving
I 'm guessing the director is a magician . After all , he took three minutes of dialogue , 30 seconds of plot and turned them into a 90-minute movie that feels five hours long
to the cadence of a depressed fifteen-year-old 's suicidal poetry
Propelled not by characters but by caricatures .
Proves that a movie about goodness is not the same thing as a good movie
Proves that a movie about goodness is not the same thing as a good movie .
Prurient playthings aside , there 's little to love about this English trifle .
Pryor Lite , with half the demons , half the daring , much less talent , many fewer laughs .
has a needlessly downbeat ending that
although the smeary digital video does match the muddled narrative )
although flawed ,
his story flattens
his story flattens instead of sharpens
muy loco , but no more ridiculous
the run-of-the-mill singles blender
From the dull
The cold and dreary weather
The charms of willful eccentricity , at least as evidenced by this latest cinematic essay , are beginning to wear a bit thin .
Chan like a $ 99 bargain-basement special
The characters are paper thin and the plot is so cliched and contrived that it makes your least favorite James Bond movie seem as cleverly plotted as The Usual Suspects .
The characters are paper thin and the plot is so cliched and contrived that it makes your least favorite James Bond movie seem as cleverly plotted as The Usual Suspects
after another , most of which involve precocious kids getting the better of obnoxious adults
afraid you wo n't get through this frankly fantastical by-the-numbers B-flick with just a suspension of disbelief . Rather
affluent slacker characters
affirming the same damn moldy values the material has always held dear
noticing some truly egregious lip-non-synching
crime thriller , quirky character study , third-rate romance and female empowerment fantasy
break up
bravado -- to take an entirely stale concept and push it through the audience 's meat grinder one more time
one thing 's for sure if george romero had directed this movie , it would n't have taken the protagonists a full hour to determine that in order to kill a zombie you must shoot it in the head
one thing 's for sure if george romero had directed this movie , it would n't have taken the protagonists a full hour to determine that in order to kill a zombie you must shoot it in the head .
, here comes the first lousy Guy Ritchie imitation .
emotionally distant piece
emotionally malleable
emotionally manipulative and sadly imitative of innumerable
emotionally predictable or bland
emotionally manipulative and sadly imitative of innumerable past Love Story derisions
the situations and the dialogue spin hopelessly out of control -- that is to say
the sketchiest
. Burns
-- while undeniably interesting -- wore out its welcome well before the end credits rolled about 45 minutes in .
. Besides , real movie producers are n't this nice .
In the name of an allegedly inspiring and easily marketable flick , The Emperor 's Club turns a blind eye to the very history it pretends to teach .
In the era of The Sopranos , it feels painfully redundant and inauthentic .
cliche-ridden
cliche-riddled
cliche-drenched
cliche-drenched melodrama
cliche-bound
cliche-bound epic-horror yarn
blunder
Just another fish-out-of-water story that barely stays afloat .
turns his distinctive ` blundering ' style
scruffy , dopey old
scuttled by a plot that 's just too boring and obvious
scuttled
minor flaws
miniscule little
scummy
It never plays as dramatic even when dramatic things happen to people . It labours as storytelling .
, is of overwhelming waste
It may not be particularly innovative
It may not be particularly innovative ,
The problem with The Bread , My Sweet
The problem is that for the most part , the film is deadly dull .
The problem with all of this
The problem with movies about angels
The problem with all of this : It 's not really funny .
The problem with movies about angels is they have a tendency to slip into hokum . A Rumor of Angels does n't just slip --
The problem with movies about angels is they have a tendency to slip into hokum . A Rumor of Angels does n't just slip
When in doubt , the film ratchets up the stirring soundtrack , throws in a fish-out-of-water gag and lets the cliched dialogue rip . Or else a doggie winks .
When ` science fiction ' takes advantage of the fact that its intended audience has n't yet had much science , it does a disservice to the audience and to the genre .
When ( Reno ) lets her radical flag fly , taking angry potshots at George W . Bush , Henry Kissinger , Larry King , et al . , Reno devolves into a laugh-free lecture .
When ` science fiction ' takes advantage of the fact that its intended audience has n't yet had much science
Whatever the movie 's sentimental , hypocritical lessons about sexism , its true colors come out in various wet T-shirt and shower scenes .
Whatever the movie 's sentimental , hypocritical lessons about sexism
Auschwitz
gives us mostly fool 's gold
Showtime 's starry cast could be both an asset and a detriment . Those who trek to the ` plex predisposed to like it probably will enjoy themselves . But ticket-buyers with great expectations will wind up as glum as Mr . De Niro .
rootlessness ,
physically and emotionally disintegrating over the course of the movie
of a frustrating misfire
While the glass slipper does n't quite fit
emotionally devastating
Kitschy , flashy , overlong soap opera .
Knockaround Guys plays like a student film by two guys who desperately want to be Quentin Tarantino when they grow up .
self-deprecating , biting and witty feature
enough to stave off doldrums
volatile combination
in the unfolding crisis
risky
An empty shell of an epic rather than the real deal .
An enigmatic film that 's too clever for its own good
An entertainment so in love with its overinflated mythology that it no longer recognizes the needs of moviegoers for real characters and compelling plots .
that it stinks
that it requires gargantuan leaps of faith just to watch it
that it quickly enters the pantheon of wreckage that includes Battlefield Earth and Showgirls
is almost nothing in this flat effort that will amuse or entertain them ,
Even by dumb action-movie standards , Ballistic : Ecks vs. Sever is a dumb action movie .
in this every-joke-has - been-told-a
in this dreary mess
to Lawrence 's over-indulgent tirade
to Kill Your Neighbor 's Dog is slight but unendurable
Somewhere short of Tremors on the modern B-scene : neither as funny nor as clever , though
Somewhere short of Tremors on the modern B-scene : neither as funny nor as clever , though an agreeably unpretentious way to spend ninety minutes .
Son of the Bride may be a good half-hour too long but comes replete with a flattering sense of mystery and quietness .
Surprisingly , considering that Baird is a former film editor , the movie is rather choppy .
she 's cut open a vein
is that if the concept is a poor one , there 's no saving the movie .
is that if the concept is a poor one , there 's no saving the movie
is that it 's forced to make its characters idiots in order to advance the plot .
is that it 's too close to real life to make sense .
at faking some pretty cool stunts but a complete failure at trying to create some pretty cool characters
like `` horrible '' and `` terrible
affected child acting to the dullest Irish pub scenes
affected child acting to the dullest Irish pub scenes ever filmed
afraid you wo n't get through this frankly fantastical by-the-numbers B-flick with just a suspension of disbelief
afraid of the bad reviews they thought they 'd earn
afraid to show this movie to reviewers before its opening , afraid of the bad reviews they thought they 'd earn
is almost
Return to Never Land is much more P.C. than the original version ( no more racist portraits of Indians , for instance ) , but the excitement is missing
Return to Never Land is much more P.C. than the original version ( no more racist portraits of Indians , for instance ) , but the excitement is missing .
Ridiculous .
pitch into farce , yet
no feelings
no getting around the fact that this is Revenge Of The Nerds Revisited -- again
no good answer
piece of unwatchable drivel
shut up ''
was better the first time
was bored and ... decided to make a dull , pretentious version of Jesus ' Son
Lan Yu seems altogether too slight to be called any kind of masterpiece .
pile too many '' serious issues ''
through dishonesty
into a hectic soap about the ups and downs of the heavy breathing between the two artists
into a grim future that does n't come close to the level of intelligence and visual splendour that can be seen in other films
into a film wreck
into a dull , ridiculous attempt at heart-tugging
A morose little soap opera about three vapid
into a movie which obviously did n't invest much into itself either
into a movie -- a bad one
scream low budget
screams `` bathroom break
rarely work in movies now
scenes all end in someone screaming .
schmaltzy and predictable
glossy melodrama
glossy rehash
glucose sentimentality and
glum as Mr . De Niro
glumly mishandle the story 's promising premise of a physician who needs to heal himself .
a sort of inter-species parody of a VH1 Behind the Music episode
a sort of cinematic high crime , one that brings military courtroom dramas down very , very low
a sometimes interesting remake that does n't compare to the brilliant original
a soulless hunk
a sort of ridiculous sourness
the unacceptable
the unacceptable ,
the unacceptable , the unmentionable
Frailty '' starts out like a typical Bible killer story
though Bette Davis , cast as Joan , would have killed him
( Seems ) even more uselessly redundant and shamelessly money-grubbing than most third-rate horror sequels .
those who like explosions , sadism and seeing people beat each other to a pulp
throwing up
's just tediously bad
's just rather leaden and dull .
's just another cartoon with an unstoppable superman .
's just merely very bad
's just grating
's just plain boring
's just not much lurking below its abstract surface
's just rather leaden and dull
the terrifying message
wasting away
wasting away inside unnecessary films
wasting away inside unnecessary films like legally blonde and sweet home abomination , i mean , alabama
watch witherspoon 's talents wasting away inside unnecessary films like legally blonde and sweet home abomination , i mean , alabama
a baffling casual approach
a bad thing when a movie has about as much substance as its end credits blooper reel
a bad taste , not only because of its bad-luck timing , but also the staleness of its script
a bad taste , not only because of its bad-luck timing , but also
a bad taste , not only because of its bad-luck timing ,
a bad taste , not only because of its bad-luck timing
a bargain-basement
a banal script
resurrection is n't exactly quality cinema ,
they spend years trying to comprehend it
gorgeous scenes , masterful performances , but the sickly sweet gender normative narrative left an acrid test in this gourmet 's mouth .
a catastrophic collision
resurrection is n't exactly quality cinema , but
hating the second one
haunted by the waste of potential
oddly detached
any of the character dramas , which never reach satisfying conclusions
any of the signposts , as if
any of the signposts
Perdition , meanwhile , reads more like Driving Miss Daisy than GoodFellas
off-beat
offend
offend and
offend and put off everyone
seemed bored , cheering the pratfalls but little else
The waterlogged script plumbs uncharted depths of stupidity , incoherence and sub-sophomoric sexual banter .
The weird thing
The waterlogged script
blob of desperate entertainment
narrow , fearful view of American life
bloody climax
bloody mess .
flawed , compromised and sad
resurrection is n't exactly quality cinema
cold porridge
cold porridge with only the odd enjoyably chewy lump
collapses into exactly the kind of buddy cop comedy it set out to lampoon , anyway
to keep the extremes of screwball farce and blood-curdling family intensity on one continuum
Tolstoy groupies out there ? It 's dark and tragic
Completely awful Iranian drama ... as much fun as a grouchy ayatollah in a cold mosque .
Completely awful Iranian drama ...
Completely awful Iranian drama ... as much fun as a grouchy ayatollah in a cold mosque
Completely awful
Completely awful Iranian drama
one of those films that started with a great premise and then just fell apart
one of those films that started with a great premise and then just fell apart .
glorious failure
might not be as palatable as intended .
might not be as palatable as intended
virulently unpleasant excuse
there are a lot of shots of her gazing out windows )
remembered for the 9-11 terrorist attacks
` Punch-Drunk Love is so convinced of its own brilliance that , if it were a person , you 'd want to smash its face in . '
` Opening up ' the play more has partly closed it down .
` Matrix ' - style massacres erupt throughout ... but the movie has a tougher time balancing its violence with Kafka-inspired philosophy .
any flaws that come later
support the premise other than fling gags at it to see which ones shtick
contemplative film
Derailed by bad writing and possibly also by some of that extensive post-production reworking to aim the film at young males in the throes of their first full flush of testosterone .
Depressingly thin
Depressingly thin and
Depressingly thin and exhaustingly contrived
contempt
Derailed
Derailed by bad writing
Derailed by bad writing and
Never does '' Lilo & Stitch '' reach the emotion or timelessness of Disney 's great past , or even that of more recent successes such as '' Mulan '' or '' Tarzan . ''
dabbles all around
Overwrought
Overwrought ,
Christopher and Grace are little more than collections of quirky traits lifted from a screenwriter 's outline and thrown at actors charged with the impossible task of making them jell .
Overwrought , melodramatic bodice-ripper .
Over and over again .
Overall , the film misses the brilliance of Jelinek 's novel by some way .
to cheesier to cheesiest
to cause massive cardiac arrest if taken in large doses
to churn out one mediocre movie after another
an unwillingness to explore beyond the surfaces of her characters prevents Nettelbeck 's film from coming together .
a lobotomy
a little too familiar
a little too familiar at the end
makes its big-screen entry
vaguely silly overkill
valueless
utterly unlikeable
vacant
Hart 's War , like the St . Louis Rams in the Super Bowl , waits until after halftime to get started .
In fact , it does n't even seem like she tried .
In any case , I would recommend Big Bad Love only to Winger fans who have missed her since 1995 's Forget Paris .
In between all the emotional seesawing , it 's hard to figure the depth of these two literary figures , and even the times in which they lived .
this future world feels absolutely deja vu
the last time I saw worse stunt editing or cheaper action movie production values than in Extreme Ops
have been worth cheering as a breakthrough but is devoid of wit and humor
have better luck next time
have cared much about any aspect of it , from its cheesy screenplay to the grayish quality of its lighting to its last-minute , haphazard theatrical release
those gimmicks
a good half-hour too long
suffer '
suffer from the chosen format
sucks the humanity from the film , leaving behind an horrific but weirdly unemotional spectacle .
sudsy cautionary tale .
sucks the humanity
sucks the humanity from the film ,
sucks the humanity from the film , leaving behind an horrific but weirdly unemotional spectacle
It 's a cookie-cutter movie , a cut-and-paste job .
It 's a buggy drag .
It 's a feature-length adaptation of one of those '' Can This Marriage Be Saved ? '' columns from Ladies Home Journal ...
peevish and
is now stretched to barely feature length , with a little more attention paid to the animation
is nothing funny in this every-joke-has - been-told-a - thousand-times - before movie .
is not worth
is nothing redeeming about this movie
is nothing more than an hour-and-a-half-long commercial for Britney 's latest album
is nothing redeeming about this movie .
odds with the rest of the film
is nonetheless -- and likely inadvertently -- a timely and invaluable implicit reminder of the role
is no real reason to see it
is no real reason to see it .
is no pleasure in watching a child suffer
is no pleasure in watching a child suffer .
anti-establishment message
his parisian rebirth is stillborn
it 's nonsense
very little in the way of insights
very little genuine romance
incessant , so-five-minutes-ago pop music
inane ramblings
a last-minute happy ending that 's even less plausible than the rest of the picture
egotistical
editing ruins a potentially terrific flick
editing ruins
effective in creating an atmosphere of dust-caked stagnation
have been called ` Under Siege 3
claustrophobic
have been better off dead
have been called Freddy Gets Molested by a Dog
have been allowed to use the word '' new '' in its title , because there 's not an original character , siuation or joke in the entire movie
have been better off as a documentary , with less of Mr . Eyre 's uninspired dramatics and more of his sense of observation and outrage
have been better off as a documentary , with less of Mr . Eyre 's uninspired dramatics and more of his sense of observation and outrage .
call the cops
-- when done right --
-- perhaps more disturbing than originally intended --
were n't as beautifully shaped and as delicately calibrated in tone
This time Kaufman 's imagination has failed him .
This series should have died long ago , but
This series should have died long ago , but they keep bringing it back another day as punishment for paying money to see the last James Bond movie
This series should have died long ago , but they keep bringing it back another day as punishment for paying money to see the last James Bond movie .
This thing works on no level whatsoever for me .
This self-infatuated goofball is far from the only thing wrong with the clumsy comedy Stealing Harvard ,
This series should have died long ago
This series should have died long ago ,
any chance of enjoying this film is by lowering your expectations .
antiseptic , preprogrammed feel
any attempt at a plot
bring yourself to dislike it
if it may still leave you wanting more answers as the credits
alienating
the often futile lifestyle of young people in modern Japan
not a stereotype is omitted nor a clich left unsaid .
not all
not entirely wholesome
not even the hanson brothers can save it
flawed , crazy
flatulence
flawed , crazy people
gets bogged down by hit-and-miss topical humour before getting to the truly good stuff .
gets harder and harder to understand her choices
`` appalling ''
`` ambitious failure
starts out like a typical Bible killer story
touch with the reality of the grim situation
( Hopkins ) does n't so much phone in his performance as fax it .
treating her as little more than a prop
With the Assassin is structured less as a documentary and more as a found relic
treated with a baffling casual approach
( Reno ) lets her radical flag fly , taking angry potshots at George W. Bush , Henry Kissinger , Larry King , et al.
treat me like a fool
treat the little yard apes
could say that it 's slow at times
could n't possibly fictionalize and be believed
the words `` radical '' or `` suck ''
With nary a glimmer of self-knowledge , ( Crane ) becomes more specimen than character -- and Auto Focus remains a chilly , clinical lab report .
the world 's political situation
The ethos of the Chelsea Hotel may shape Hawke 's artistic aspirations , but he has n't yet coordinated his own DV poetry with the Beat he hears in his soul
The entire point of a shaggy dog story , of course , is that it goes nowhere ,
The entire point of a shaggy dog story , of course , is that it goes nowhere , and this is classic nowheresville in every sense
The entire point of a shaggy dog story , of course , is that it goes nowhere , and this is classic nowheresville in every sense .
With nary a glimmer of self-knowledge , ( Crane ) becomes more specimen than character --
a stale , overused cocktail using the same olives since 1962 as garnish . Not only is entry number twenty the worst of the Brosnan bunch
, lifeless
, like the recent I Spy , the star chemistry begs the question of whether random gags add up to a movie
, like Max Rothman 's future , does not work .
whom political expedience became a deadly foreign policy
, lame-old slasher nonsense
look at the list of movies starring Ice-T in a major role
look down on their working-class subjects from their lofty perch , that finally makes Sex With Strangers , which opens today in the New York metropolitan area , so distasteful
that even a simple '' Goddammit ! ''
, lip-synching , tragedy , and lots of really really high notes .
Watching '' Ending '' is too often like looking over the outdated clothes and plastic knickknacks at your neighbor 's garage sale .
Watching junk like this induces a kind of abstract guilt , as if you were paying dues for good books unread , fine music never heard .
much besides glib soullessness , raunchy language and a series of brutal set pieces
much better as a video installation in a museum , where viewers would be free to leave .
much besides glib soullessness
much besides glib soullessness , raunchy language
much besides glib soullessness , raunchy language and
punish the vehicle to adore the star
face arrest 15 years after their crime
Fatal
Fatal Attraction look like a classic by comparison
middle-age and older men drink to excess , piss on trees , b . s .
middle-of-the-road blandness
are generating about as much chemistry as an Iraqi factory poised to receive a UN inspector .
pummel us
pummel us with phony imagery or music
despite Iwai 's vaunted empathy
desperately wishing you could change tables
slam-bam
who are n't interested in rap , as it cuts to the heart of American society in an unnerving way
what we have here is a load of clams left in the broiling sun for a good three days
will cause loads of irreparable damage that years and years of costly analysis could never fix
they fall to pieces
the action looks fake
the actors must struggle with the fact that they 're playing characters who sometimes feel more like literary conceits than flesh-and-blood humans
they figure the power-lunchers do n't care to understand , either
If Kaufman kept Cameron Diaz a prisoner in a cage with her ape , in his latest , he 'd have them mate .
If High Crimes were any more generic it would have a universal product code instead of a title .
If I Spy were funny ( enough ) or exciting ( enough ) then it would be fairly simple to forgive the financial extortion it 's trying to reap from the moviegoing public .
If I Spy were funny ( enough ) or exciting ( enough ) then it would be fairly simple to forgive the financial extortion
wince in embarrassment and others ,
wince in embarrassment and others , thanks to the actors
a terrible tragedy
'll have to wrestle disbelief to the ground and then apply the chloroform-soaked handkerchief
Like its predecessor , it 's no classic
Like its predecessor , it 's no classic ,
to match the ordeal of sitting through it
to make such a worthless film
to make the film relevant today , without fully understanding what it was that made the story relevant in the first place
serves as a muddled and offensive cautionary tale for Hispanic Americans
set himself a task he is not nearly up to
serving up the usual chaotic nonsense
make it tough for them to really care
reel in when we should be playing out
How did it ever get made
How do you spell cliché ?
It 's just filler .
It 's just merely very bad .
How anyone over the age of 2 can stomach the touchy-feely message
Hot is like saying the sun rises in the east
courage '' pinned to its huckster lapel while a yellow streak a mile wide decorates its back
there is no sense
Smothered by its own solemnity
with an adequate reason why we should pay money for what we can get on television for free
Admirable , certainly , but not much fun to watch . For Caine Lovers only .
as X-Men - occasionally brilliant but mostly average , showing signs of potential for the sequels , but not giving us much this time around
the unmentioned victims
to lowly studio hack
the antiseptic , preprogrammed feel
the antiseptic , preprogrammed feel of an after-school special
partly a shallow rumination on the emptiness of success --
harsh reality
harsh conceptual exercise
harps on media-constructed ` issues '
harmed
hardly memorable
of too many story lines
of those films where the characters inhabit that special annex of hell where adults behave like kids , children behave like adults and everyone
of those so-so films that could have been much better
of time , money and celluloid
just unlikable
With lesser talents
With lesser talents , High Crimes would be entertaining ,
With lesser talents , High Crimes would be entertaining
absolutely no meaning ,
mending a child 's pain for his dead mother via communication with an old woman straight out of Eudora Welty
The notion of deleting emotion from people
to make absurdist observations
that characterizes better hip-hop clips and is content to recycle images and characters that were already tired 10 years ago
that comes through all too painfully in the execution
in such a potentially sudsy set-up
in such a lousy way , complete with some of the year 's ( unintentionally ) funniest moments , that it 's impossible to care
may be disappointed .
may be incomprehensible to moviegoers not already clad in basic black .
may be incomprehensible to moviegoers not already clad in basic black
may fall fast asleep
up a storm as a fringe feminist conspiracy theorist named Dirty Dick
by just being wishy-washy
by jackasses for jackasses
by its own head-banging obviousness
by its own gargantuan aura of self-importance
by idiocy
unusually tame
falls prey to the contradiction that afflicts so many movies about writers .
falls flat
falls into the trap of pretention
falls into the trap of pretention almost every time
falls back on too many tried-and-true shenanigans that hardly distinguish it from the next teen comedy .
falls down
falls down in its attempts to humanize its subject
falls far short
two whole hours
and damaged dreams
and crude humor
and choppy recycling
stabs
derivative and hammily acted .
derivative and hammily
derisive
depress you about life itself
depress you
depressing than entertaining
an uneven tone
self-flagellation is more depressing than entertaining .
too weak a
Rabbit-Proof Fence will probably make you angry . But
Despite its Hawaiian setting , the science-fiction trimmings and some moments of rowdy slapstick , the basic plot of '' Lilo '' could have been pulled from a tear-stained vintage Shirley Temple script .
Despite the 2-D animation
the film acknowledges upfront that the plot makes no sense , such that the lack of linearity is the point of emotional and moral departure for protagonist Alice
probably feel emotionally cheated by the film 's tart , sugar-free wit
I realized this is a throwaway movie that wo n't stand the test of time .
A journey that is as difficult for the audience to take as it
A journey that is as difficult for the audience to take as it is for the protagonist
the cliched dialogue rip
the cinematic equivalent of defensive driving
the choices we make underneath such a mountain of clichés and borrowed images
the characters tend to be cliches whose lives are never fully explored .
tics
rejected ABC Afterschool Special
rejected
rekindled by the Kathleen Soliah trial and the upcoming trial of SLA members Emily and William Harris , not to mention Sept . 11 , its difficult these days to appreciate Fire 's bright side
rekindled by the Kathleen Soliah trial and the upcoming trial of SLA members Emily and William Harris , not to mention Sept . 11 , its difficult these days to appreciate Fire 's bright side .
a Xerox machine rather than ( writer-director ) Franc
Sometimes this ` Blood ' seems as tired as its protagonist
left with a sour taste in one 's mouth , and little else
left slightly unfulfilled
left me with a very bad feeling .
left me with a very bad feeling
left me cold and wet like I was out in the Seattle drizzle without rainwear .
left me cold and wet like I was out in the Seattle drizzle without rainwear
left behind the crap ( literally )
a deeply unpleasant experience
a deeply serious movie that cares passionately about its subject , but too often becomes ponderous in its teaching of history , or lost in the intricate connections and multiple timelines of its story
a deficit of flim-flam
a deficit
Bartleby performs neither one very well .
Bartleby is a one-joke movie , and a bad joke at that .
Feels like one of those contrived , only-in - Hollywood productions where name actors deliver big performances created for the sole purpose of generating Oscar talk .
Feels like six different movies fighting each other for attention .
Feels like one of those contrived , only-in -
Feels like one of those contrived , only-in - Hollywood productions where name actors deliver big performances created for the sole purpose of generating Oscar talk
Feels like one of those contrived , only-in
Feels less like a cousin to Blade Runner than like a bottom-feeder sequel in the Escape From New York series .
Feels less like it 's about teenagers , than it was written by teenagers .
Feels haphazard , as if the writers mistakenly thought they could achieve an air of frantic spontaneity by simply tossing in lots of characters doing silly stuff and stirring the pot .
Feels less
that everyone involved with moviemaking is a con artist and a liar
that every major stunt Seagal 's character ... performs is shot from behind , as if it could fool us into thinking that we 're not watching a double
one but two flagrantly fake thunderstorms
that feels not only manufactured , but also so false you can see the filmmakers ' puppet strings
that feels incomplete , as if the real story starts just around the corner
would have preferred a transfer down the hall to Mr. Holland 's class for the music , or to Robin Williams 's lecture so I could listen to a teacher with humor , passion , and verve .
would have tactfully pretended not to see it and left it lying there
like a cartoon in the end
like a book report
like a bad blend of an overripe episode of TV 's Dawson 's Creek and a recycled and dumbed-down version of Love Story .
puerile
would leave the theater with a lower I.Q. than when I had entered
10 Worst List bad
... would be more at home on a daytime television serial
00
... with the candy-like taste of it fading faster than 25-cent bubble gum , I realized this is a throwaway movie that wo n't stand the test of time . It 's a trifle .
10 Worst List
... Designed to provide a mix of smiles and tears , `` Crossroads '' instead provokes a handful of unintentional howlers and numerous yawns .
-- wearing a cloak of unsentimental , straightforward text --
... Liotta is put in an impossible spot because his character 's deceptions ultimately undo him and the believability of the entire scenario .
... Not that I mind ugly ; the problem is he has no character , loveable or otherwise .
your pooper-scoopers
's relentlessly folksy , a procession of stagy set pieces stacked with binary oppositions
's sanctimonious , self-righteous and so eager
's revealing some great human truths , when , in reality , it 's churning ground that has long passed the point of being fertile
's sanctimonious , self-righteous and so eager to earn our love that you want to slap it
to be something of a sitcom apparatus
lax and limp a comedy as I 've seen in a while , a meander through worn-out material
lazily
laughing at his own joke
law to be discerned here that producers would be well to heed
lax
lax and
lax and limp
The bottom line with Nemesis is the same as it has been with all the films in the series : Fans will undoubtedly enjoy it , and the uncommitted need n't waste their time on it
parallel clone-gag
paranoid and unlikable
the jokes are a little lukewarm
will be on video long before they grow up and you can wait till then .
that feels like a sugar high gone awry
ultimately hollow mockumentary
, is something of a stiff -- an extra-dry office comedy that seems twice as long as its 83 minutes .
I did n't laugh at the ongoing efforts of Cube , and his skinny buddy Mike Epps , to make like Laurel and Hardy 'n the hood .
, is n't nearly as funny as it thinks it is
, is repellantly out of control .
who sees this mishmash
overstylized , puréed mélange
soggy Paris , tongue uncomfortably in cheek
Content merely to lionize its title character and exploit his anger -
Contrived , maudlin and cliche-ridden ... if this sappy script was the best the contest received , those rejected must have been astronomically bad .
Content merely to lionize its title character and exploit his anger - all for easy sanctimony , formulaic thrills and a ham-fisted sermon on the need for national health insurance .
Contrived , maudlin and cliche-ridden
Contrived pastiche of caper clichés .
smug self-satisfaction
smothered
smothered in the excesses of writer-director Roger Avary
smug , oily demeanor
smug and self-congratulatory
smug and self-congratulatory kind
smug grin
reveals the filmmaker 's bottomless pit of self-absorption .
reveals the filmmaker 's bottomless pit of self-absorption
that feels significantly longer than its relatively scant 97 minutes
I must have failed
very cliched drum
very cliched
what remains is a variant of the nincompoop benigni persona , here a more annoying , though less angry version of the irresponsible sandlerian manchild , undercut by the voice of the star of road trip .
, Lawrence unleashes his trademark misogyny -- er , comedy -- like a human volcano or an overflowing septic tank ,
, Mr . Shyamalan is undone by his pretensions .
, Mark Wahlberg and Thandie Newton are not Hepburn and Grant , two cinematic icons with chemistry galore .
, Mad Love looks better than it feels .
the stunt-hungry dimwits
strangely hollow at its emotional core
A little less extreme than in the past , with longer exposition sequences between them , and with fewer gags to break the tedium .
A little more intensity
A little more intensity and a little less charm would have saved this film a world of hurt .
should have died long ago
should have called it Gutterball .
they 're sandwiched in between the most impossibly dry account of Kahlo 's life imaginable .
should have gone straight to a Mystery Science Theater 3000 video
straining to produce another smash
should have ditched the artsy pretensions and revelled in the entertaining shallows
should have avoided
should have called it Gutterball
wo n't sit still for a sociology lesson
should have been
without bestowing the subject with the intelligence or sincerity it unequivocally deserves
without cheesy fun factor
without being insightful
without doing all that much to correct them
is supremely unfunny and unentertaining to watch middle-age and older men drink to excess , piss on trees , b . s . one another and put on a show in drag .
is supremely unfunny and unentertaining
is supremely unfunny and unentertaining to watch middle-age and older men drink to excess , piss on trees , b . s . one another and put on a show in drag
This is not Chabrol 's best , but
This is not an easy film .
grave for youngsters
greasy little vidgame pit
crimes
its easily dismissive
sick society
reacting to humor so much as they are wincing back in repugnance
is emblematic of the witless ageism
is dull
is directed by Wally Wolodarsky from a script by Joe Jarvis and Greg Coolidge . These are names to remember , in order to avoid them in the future .
is directed by Wally Wolodarsky from a script by Joe Jarvis and Greg Coolidge . These are names to remember , in order to avoid them in the future
is essentially a one-trick pony that , hampered by an undeveloped script , ultimately pulls up lame
is emotionally diluted by focusing on the story 's least interesting subject
its need to reassure
here is nothing but a convenient conveyor belt of brooding personalities that parade about as if they were coming back from Stock Character camp -- a drowsy drama infatuated by its own pretentious self-examination .
its most vibrant scene is one that uses clips from Brian De Palma 's Scarface . That 's a cheat
unpleasant debate that 's been given the drive of a narrative and that 's been acted out
unpaid intern
unrealistic
unnamed , easily substitutable
unpaid
unnerving to see Recoing 's bizzarre reaction to his unemployment
sick , twisted sort
other rowdy raunch-fests -- farts , boobs , unmentionables --
too textbook to intrigue
too straight-faced
too-hot-for-TV direct-to-video\/DVD category
as a fairly weak retooling
as a children 's party clown gets violently gang-raped
as a children 's party clown gets violently gang-raped ?
tank
tanks
The screenwriters dig themselves in deeper every time
the comedy equivalent of Saddam Hussein
aimed at Mom and Dad 's wallet
aimless ,
ai n't a lot more painful than an unfunny movie that thinks it 's hilarious .
ai n't - she-cute baggage into her lead role as a troubled and determined homicide cop to quite pull off the heavy stuff
ailments
reveals itself to be a sudsy tub of supernatural hokum
sequences boring
really goes downhill
about a slapstick comedy , that 's a pretty big problem
about a pair of squabbling working-class spouses
about a silly , self-indulgent filmmaker
the frustration ,
is so low-wattage
is so graphically excessive
is so formulaic that it seems to be on auto-pilot
is so mired in juvenile and near-xenophobic pedagogy that it 's enough to make one pine for the day when Godard can no longer handle the rigors of filmmaking
is so low-wattage that none of the characters comes off as big
this hard and bitter place
Ludicrous '
thought I heard a mysterious voice , and felt myself powerfully drawn toward the light -- the light of the exit sign .
Muccino either does n't notice when his story ends or just ca n't tear himself away from the characters
Muccino seems to be exploring the idea of why human beings long for what they do n't have , and how this gets us in trouble . But even while his characters are acting horribly , he is always sympathetic
, this movie is likely to disappear as quickly as an ice cube thrown into a pot of boiling water .
, this might have made a decent children 's movie -- if only Benigni had n't insisted on casting himself in the title role .
, this opera is n't a favorite
, this one is pretty miserable , resorting to string-pulling rather than legitimate character development and intelligent plotting .
, this one feels like an impostor .
, this musty adaptation is all the more annoying since it 's been packaged and sold back to us by Hollywood .
, this quirky soccer import is forgettable
, this oppressively gloomy techno-horror clambake is impossible to ignore . But as a movie
A monster combat thriller as impersonal in its relentlessness as the videogame series that inspired it .
A morose little soap opera
A morose little soap opera about three vapid , insensitive people who take turns hurting each other . It 's a feature-length adaptation of one of those '' Can This Marriage Be Saved ? '' columns from Ladies Home Journal ...
n't get any more gay , in pops Nathan Lane
Just another generic drama that has nothing going for it other than its exploitive array of obligatory cheap
Just another generic drama
Just as the lousy Tarantino imitations have subsided
Just another generic drama that has nothing going for it other than its exploitive array of obligatory cheap thrills .
Just as the lousy Tarantino imitations have subsided , here comes the first lousy Guy Ritchie imitation .
Just because A Walk to Remember is shrewd enough to activate girlish tear ducts does n't mean it 's good enough for our girls .
a boring parade of talking heads and technical gibberish that will do little to advance the Linux cause .
a bottom-feeder sequel in the Escape From New York series
( Seagal 's ) strenuous attempt
( Seagal 's ) strenuous attempt at a change in expression could very well clinch him this year 's Razzie .
( Seagal 's ) strenuous attempt at a change in expression
dithering
affair ,
would imagine , as searching for a quarter in a giant pile of elephant feces ... positively dreadful
would have felt like a cheat
Return to Neverland manages to straddle the line between another classic for the company and just another run-of-the-mill Disney sequel intended for the home video market .
Return to Neverland never manages to take us to that elusive , lovely place where we suspend our disbelief
Revenge :
peevish and gimmicky
peevish
Jia 's moody , bad-boy behavior which he portrays himself in a one-note performance
Jim Brown treats his women -- as dumb , credulous , unassuming , subordinate subjects .
the envelope of bad taste
's too random and inconclusive
's too self-important and plodding
's too self-important and plodding to be funny , and too clipped and abbreviated to be an epic
's too long , too repetitive , and takes way too many years to resolve to be a total winner
's too long , too repetitive , and takes way too many years to resolve to be a total winner .
's too much falseness to the second half
's too patched together
's too self-important and plodding to be funny , and too clipped and abbreviated to be an epic .
Wedding feels a bit anachronistic . Still , not
muckraking job
's often handled in fast-edit , hopped-up fashion
's one of the worst of the entire franchise
's one of the worst of the entire franchise .
Dong pulls his even-handed ideological ship to their dock for unloading , before he continues his longer journey still ahead .
you enjoy being rewarded by a script that assumes you are n't very bright
the thin veneer
A worthy idea , but the uninspired scripts , acting and direction never rise above the level of an after-school TV special .
A yawn-provoking little farm melodrama .
A zombie movie in every sense
A zombie movie in every sense of the word -- mindless , lifeless , meandering , loud , painful , obnoxious
A zombie movie in every sense of the word -- mindless , lifeless , meandering , loud , painful , obnoxious .
the teens ' deviant behavior
tries to fuse the two ` woods ' but winds up a bolly-holly masala mess
static
steady , if not very imaginative , hand
self-critical , behind-the-scenes navel-gazing Kaufman
self-flagellation
My reaction in a word : disappointment
My response to the film is best described as lukewarm .
would n't be my preferred way of spending 100 minutes or $ 7.00
would leave you cold
would know what to make of this Italian freakshow .
a pretentious mess ...
a random series of collected gags , pranks , pratfalls , dares , injuries , etc.
a psychiatrist who predictably finds it difficult to sustain interest in his profession after the family tragedy
a reason the studio did n't offer an advance screening
tries to keep the plates spinning as best he can , but all the bouncing back and forth ca n't help but become a bit tedious -- even with the breathtaking landscapes and villainous varmints there to distract you from the ricocheting
never took off and always seemed static .
never took off and always seemed static
never took off
's too bad that the helping hand he uses to stir his ingredients is also a heavy one .
It makes me feel weird \/ Thinking about all the bad things in the world \/ Like puppies with broken legs \/ And butterflies that die \/ And movies starring pop queens
It makes me say the obvious : Abandon all hope of a good movie ye who enter here .
It looks good , Sonny , but you missed the point . '
It made me feel unclean , and I 'm the guy who liked There 's Something About Mary and both American Pie movies
It made me feel unclean , and I 'm the guy who liked There 's Something About Mary and both American Pie movies .
It looks like an action movie , but
It looks like an action movie , but it 's so poorly made , on all levels , that it does n't even qualify as a spoof of such
wo n't be remembered as one of ( Witherspoon 's ) better films .
wo n't enjoy the movie at all .
wo n't find anything to get excited about on this DVD
wo n't much care about
see a comedy about shoddy airport security
the film , flaws and
overrun
the film 's problems
the film 's vision of sport as a secular religion is a bit cloying
though impostor deviously adopts the guise of a modern motion picture
the ever-escalating conflict
is a disaster
is a disaster of a story , full of holes and completely lacking in chills . Ignore the reputation , and ignore the film
is a deeply unpleasant experience
is a deeply unpleasant experience .
is a desperate miscalculation
is a cop-out . What happens to John Q ?
is a crock -- or something like it .
though impostor deviously adopts the guise of a modern motion picture , it too is a bomb .
his fake backdrops
stands , despite its noticeable lack of emotional heft , in welcome contrast to the indulgent dead-end experimentation of the director 's previous Full Frontal
sequels can never capture the magic of the original
sequel-itis something fierce
sequences boring .
his fake backdrops and stately pacing
is only intermittently entertaining
is only mildly amusing when it could have been so much more
this hard to achieve this little fun
Why anyone who is not a character in this movie should care is beyond me
a prop for warmed-over melodrama
a proctologist is apt to encounter in an entire career
Whole stretches of the film may be incomprehensible to moviegoers not already clad in basic black .
Why , you may ask , why should you buy the movie milk when the TV cow is free ?
overrun with movies dominated by CGI aliens and super heroes
the writers mistakenly thought they could achieve an air of frantic spontaneity by simply tossing in lots of characters doing silly stuff and stirring the pot
overrun modern-day comedies
the hype
just makes it obnoxious and stiff
just how bad it was
just is n't very funny .
just left me cold and wet like I was out in the Seattle drizzle without rainwear .
just is n't any funnier than bad martial arts movies are all by themselves , without all Oedekerk 's impish augmentation
just is n't much to laugh at
absurd plot twists
absurd plot twists ,
absurd , contrived , overblown , and entirely implausible finale
absurd finale
absurd plot twists , idiotic court maneuvers and stupid characters
absurd plot twists , idiotic court maneuvers
absurd plot twists , idiotic court maneuvers and
absurdly inappropriate ` comedy ' scenes
the shrewd feminist fairy tale it could have been
the year 's murkiest , intentionally obscure and self-indulgent pictures
The Ring '' is pretty much an English-language copy of the film that inspired it , and it carries the same strengths and flaws .
Undercover Brother missed an opportunity to strongly present some profound social commentary
Underachieves only in not taking the Shakespeare parallels quite far enough
Underachieves only
Underachieves
to be affected and boring
to be an acidic all-male All About Eve or a lush , swooning melodrama in the Intermezzo strain
not a cozy or ingratiating work
to be anything but frustrating , boring , and forgettable
Zaidan 's script has barely enough plot to string the stunts together and not quite enough characterization to keep the faces straight .
Yu clearly hopes to camouflage how bad his movie is .
Yu 's cinematic alchemy produces nearly as much lead as gold .
is so corny
is so bloodless
a plotline that 's as lumpy as two-day old porridge ... the filmmakers ' paws , sad to say , were all over this '' un-bear-able '' project !
Tom Green 's Freddie Got Fingered
doing nothing
dogged
haphazard ,
hang onto that ski mask
hang broad , mildly fleshed-out characters that seem to have been conjured up only 10 minutes prior to filming
hang onto that ski mask , as robbery may be the only way to pay for his next project
the characters in Swimfan seem motivated by nothing short of dull , brain-deadening hangover .
the year 's silliest and most incoherent movie .
traffics in tired stereotypes and encumbers itself with complications
traffics in tired stereotypes
Divine Secrets of the Ya-Ya Sisterhood may not be exactly divine
Do n't
Do n't expect any surprises in this checklist of teamwork cliches ...
Do n't expect any surprises in this checklist of teamwork cliches
so mired in juvenile and near-xenophobic pedagogy
so mired in juvenile and near-xenophobic pedagogy that it 's enough to make one pine for the day when godard can no longer handle the rigors of filmmaking
to be bored by as your ABC 's
soderbergh seems capable only of delivering artfully lighted , earnest inquiries that lack the kind of genuine depth that would make them redeemable
also seems to play on a 10-year delay
the very night Matthew was killed .
complete with receding hairline , weathered countenance and American Breckin Meyer 's ridiculously inappropriate Valley Boy voice
complete waste
Examines
) revered TV show , about pretty much nothing
) difficult to get beyond the overall blandness of American Chai
) begins to overplay the shock tactics and bait-and-tackle metaphors
) comes off like a Hallmark commercial
ghastly
getting weirder
ghetto
says far less about the horrifying historical reality than about the filmmaker 's characteristic style
says that the alternate sexuality meant to set you free may require so much relationship maintenance that celibacy can start looking good
bind us
dazed and enervated
bitter end
unpredictable character
unoriginal terms
unreachable
's just one that could easily wait for your pay per view dollar
's just experimental enough to alienate the mainstream audience while ringing cliched to hardened indie-heads
's likely very little crossover appeal to those without much interest in the elizabethans ( as well as rank frustration from those in the know about rubbo 's dumbed-down tactics )
's lazy for a movie to avoid solving one problem by trying to distract us with the solution to another
's lazy for a movie
disgusting . Quelle surprise
disgusted with the lazy material and the finished product 's unshapely look
disingenuous
disguise the fact that the new film is a lame kiddie flick and that Carvey 's considerable talents are wasted in it
disguise that he 's spiffing up leftovers that are n't so substantial or fresh
disguised as a feature film
, so badly drawn , it created whole new levels of ugly .
, so little to offer
, sketchiest movie
, somebody unwrapped it early , took out all the good stuff , and left behind the crap ( literally ) .
I 've yet to find an actual Vietnam War combat movie actually produced by either the North or South Vietnamese
I 've had more interesting -- and , dare I say , thematically complex -- bowel movements than this long-on-the-shelf , point-and-shoot exercise in gimmicky crime drama .
Does n't deliver a great story , nor is the action as gripping as in past Seagal films
Does n't deliver a great story , nor
Does n't deserve a passing grade ( even on a curve )
Does n't deliver a great story , nor is the action as gripping as in past Seagal films .
Does n't live up to the exalted tagline - there 's definite room for improvement
Does n't deserve a passing grade ( even on a curve ) .
Does n't live up to the exalted tagline - there 's definite room for improvement .
Does n't really add up to much .
Does n't really add up to much
uh , shred ,
to Hate
cover up the fact that the picture is constructed around a core of flimsy -- or , worse yet , nonexistent -- ideas
covers just about every cliche in the compendium about crass , jaded movie types and the phony baloney movie biz
covers just about every cliche in the compendium about crass , jaded movie types and the phony baloney movie biz .
with all the blanket statements and dime-store ruminations on vanity
too bad kramer could n't make a guest appearance to liven things up
4Ever is neither a promise nor a threat so much as wishful thinking .
's surprisingly bland despite the heavy doses of weird performances and direction .
's surely something wrong with a comedy where the only belly laughs come from the selection of outtakes tacked onto the end credits
of a pesky mother
ends up more of a creaky '' Pretty Woman '' retread , with the emphasis on self-empowering schmaltz and big-wave surfing that gives pic its title an afterthought
of a situation that quickly snowballs out of control , while focusing on the what much more than the why
provides a grim , upsetting glimpse
What 's most offensive
What 's most offensive is n't the waste of a good cast
relatively dry material
relatively dry
Wertmuller 's social mores and politics to tiresome jargon
What 's missing in Murder by Numbers
What 's missing in Murder by Numbers is any real psychological grounding for the teens ' deviant behaviour . Being latently gay and liking to read are hardly enough .
a personal low for everyone involved
a personal low for everyone
I found it slow , predictable and not very amusing .
the plot holes
toss logic and science into what is essentially a '' Dungeons and Dragons '' fantasy with modern military weaponry ...
toss logic and science
know better than to rush to the theatre for this one
know about Rubbo 's dumbed-down tactics
know if it wants to be a retro-refitting exercise in campy recall for older fans or a silly , Nickelodeon-esque kiddie flick
know that ten bucks you 'd spend on a ticket ? Just send it to Cranky . We do n't get paid enough to sit through crap like this .
of badness
of bad writing , bad direction and bad acting -- the trifecta of badness
of bad animation and mindless violence
of artificial suspense
Just about all of the film is confusing on one level or another , making Ararat far more demanding than it needs to be .
Just a bunch of good actors flailing around in a caper that 's neither original nor terribly funny .
Just a Kiss wants desperately to come off as a fanciful film about the typical problems of average people . But it is set in a world that is very , very far from the one most of us
the obstacles of a predictable outcome and a screenplay
the numerous scenes of gory mayhem
the oddest and most inexplicable sequels
up what is nothing more than two guys beating the hell outta
the execution is a flop with the exception of about six gags that really work .
the fact that the film idiotically uses the website feardotcom.com or the improperly hammy performance from poor Stephen Rea
the fact that virtually no one is bound to show up at theatres for it
the fans of the first Men in Black have come away hating the second one
annoying , is n't it
A waterlogged version of ` Fatal Attraction ' for the teeny-bopper set ... a sad , soggy potboiler that wastes the talents of its attractive young leads .
A waterlogged version of ` Fatal Attraction ' for the teeny-bopper set ... a sad , soggy potboiler that wastes the talents of its attractive young leads
A waterlogged version of ` Fatal Attraction ' for the teeny-bopper set ...
a philosophical void
A waste of fearless purity in the acting craft .
A waste of fearless purity
A wannabe comedy of manners about a brainy prep-school kid with a Mrs . Robinson complex founders on its own preciousness -- and squanders its beautiful women .
is standard crime drama fare ... instantly forgettable and thoroughly dull
is so pat it makes your teeth hurt
The documentary is much too conventional -- lots of boring talking heads , etc. -- to do the subject matter justice .
The ending is a cop-out .
The end result is a film that 's neither .
cheesy backdrops , ridiculous action sequences , and many tired jokes about men in heels
cheesy backdrops , ridiculous action sequences , and
you think it ca n't get any more gay , in pops Nathan Lane
the most plain white toast comic book films
you may not care
This may not have the dramatic gut-wrenching impact of other Holocaust films
cringing from the workout
cringe
of the war
runs on empty , believing Flatbush machismo will get it through .
runs on empty , believing Flatbush machismo will get it through
Despite the premise of a good story ... it wastes all its star power on cliched or meaningless roles .
Despite the evocative aesthetics evincing the hollow state of modern love life , the film never percolates beyond a monotonous whine .
Should have gone straight to video .
weirdo actor Crispin Glover screwing things up old school
their own immaturity
weightless that a decent draft in the auditorium might blow it off the screen .
most Bond outings in recent years , some of the stunts are so outlandish that they border on being cartoonlike .
in reality , it 's churning ground that has long passed the point of being fertile
in rhetorical excess and blatant sentimentality
in search of a movie : how to get Carvey into as many silly costumes and deliver as many silly voices
in search of a story
waste the talents of Robert Forster , Anne Meara , Eugene Levy , and Reginald VelJohnson all in the same movie
wasted 123 minutes and $ 9
wasted by a script that takes few chances and manages to insult the intelligence of everyone in the audience
wastes
wastes all its star power on cliched or meaningless roles .
wasting away inside unnecessary films like Legally Blonde and Sweet Home Abomination
sitting through Dahmer 's two hours
sketchy characters and immature provocations can fully succeed at cheapening it .
inane
inanities
in the theater thinking up grocery lists and ways to tell their kids how not to act like pinocchio .
in this every-joke-has - been-told-a - thousand-times - before movie
all credibility flies out the window .
all could have stopped watching long ago .
all feels like a Monty Python sketch gone horribly wrong .
all drags on so interminably it 's like watching a miserable relationship unfold in real time .
of the nincompoop benigni persona
of the relentless horror on parade
Take away all the cliches and the carbon copy scenes from every drug movie we 've seen
Take away all the cliches and the carbon copy scenes from every drug movie we 've seen and
Take away all the cliches and the carbon copy scenes from every drug movie we 've seen and all
Take away all the cliches and the carbon copy scenes from every drug movie we 've seen and all you have left
Taken individually or collectively , the stories never add up to as much as they promise .
behind an horrific but weirdly unemotional spectacle
pretentious version
simplistic story
pretentious nonsense
pretentious mess .
the very night Matthew was killed
yet not as hilariously raunchy as South Park , this strangely schizo cartoon seems suited neither to kids or adults .
ca n't help but go soft and stinky
ca n't help but become more disappointed as each overwrought new sequence plods
ca n't get sufficient distance from Leroy 's
ca n't get no satisfaction
ca n't figure out just where the other characters , including Ana 's father and grandfather , come down on the issue of Ana 's future
ca n't erase the fact that The Believer feels like a 12-Step Program for the Jewish Nazi .
ca n't erase the fact that The Believer feels like a 12-Step Program for the Jewish Nazi
ca n't disguise the fact that , really , we 've been here , done that .
ca n't disguise the fact that , really , we 've been here , done that
churning ground that has long passed the point of being fertile
comes up shorter than Britney 's cutoffs .
comes up shorter than Britney 's cutoffs
comic embarrassment
comes when the credits finally roll and you get to leave the theater .
despite a fairly slow paced , almost humdrum approach to character development
despite its virtues
despite its virtues , there is an unsettled feeling to the film
's only one way to kill Michael Myers for good : stop buying tickets to these movies .
's only one way to kill Michael Myers for good : stop buying tickets to these movies
's plenty of evidence here to indicate Clooney might have better luck next time
to take a reality check before you pay the full ticket price to see '' Simone , '' and consider a DVD rental instead
seem odd bedfellows
smacks of exhibitionism more than it does cathartic truth telling
at the expense of cheap-looking monsters
at the controversial eponymous and fiercely atheistic hero
convince me that Calvin Jr . 's Barbershop represents some sort of beacon of hope in the middle of Chicago 's South Side
conventional as a Nike ad
conventional -- lots of boring talking heads , etc . -- to do the subject matter justice
conventional -- lots of boring talking heads , etc . --
misogyny
This latest installment of the horror film franchise that is apparently as invulnerable as its trademark villain has arrived for an incongruous summer playoff , demonstrating yet again that the era of the intelligent , well-made B movie is long gone .
This low-rent -- and even lower-wit -- rip-off of the Farrelly brothers ' oeuvre
This low-rent -- and even lower-wit -- rip-off of the Farrelly brothers ' oeuvre gets way too mushy -- and in a relatively short amount of time .
This little film is so slovenly done , so primitive in technique , that it ca n't really be called animation .
This ludicrous film
misguided
a decomposition
a creaky `` Pretty Woman '' retread , with the emphasis on self-empowering schmaltz and big-wave surfing that gives pic its title an afterthought
contemplates a heartland so overwhelmed by its lack of purpose that it seeks excitement in manufactured high drama .
contemptible
hamfisted
contemptible imitator
too lethargically paced
too long and too convoluted
contemptuous of the single female population
too long reduced to direct-to-video irrelevancy
too restrained
too often into sugary sentiment and withholds delivery on the pell-mell
're going to feel like you were n't invited to the party
are usually abbreviated in favor of mushy obviousness and telegraphed pathos , particularly where Whitaker 's misfit artist is concerned .
Schneider 's mugging is relentless and his constant need to suddenly transpose himself into another character undermines the story 's continuity and progression
are underwhelming
are too ragged to ever fit smoothly together
are too immature and unappealing to care about .
're going to subjugate truth to the tear-jerking demands of soap opera
An odd drama
An odd , haphazard , and inconsequential romantic comedy .
An odd , haphazard , and inconsequential romantic comedy
Cry havoc
Cry havoc and
solace in events that could easily crush it forever
self-deprecating stammers
paranoia
bears a grievous but obscure complaint against fathers ,
bears a grievous but obscure complaint against fathers
bears more than a whiff of exploitation ,
bears a grievous but obscure complaint against fathers , and circles it obsessively , without making contact .
bears a grievous but obscure complaint against fathers , and circles it obsessively , without making contact
unrepentantly trashy take on Rice 's second installment of her Vampire Chronicles .
bears more than a whiff of exploitation , despite Iwai 's vaunted empathy
performing ages-old slapstick and unfunny tricks
performs neither one very well .
performs neither one very well
performs is shot from behind , as if it could fool us into thinking that we 're not watching a double
an Iraqi factory
're meant to buy that this doting mother would shun her kids , travel to one of the most dangerous parts of the world , don fatigues and become G.I. Jane
Writer-director Ritchie reduces Wertmuller 's social mores and politics to tiresome jargon .
Writer-director Randall Wallace has bitten off more than he or anyone else could chew , and his movie veers like a drunken driver through heavy traffic .
Writer-director Walter Hill and co-writer David Giler try to create characters out of the obvious cliches , but wind up using them as punching bags .
emerges as a numbingly dull experience
emerges as a numbingly dull experience .
to have ushers in the theater that hand you a cup of coffee every few minutes . Like a marathon runner trying to finish a race , you need a constant influx of liquid just to get through it
that no one could ever mistake it for anything resembling reality
there 's nothing fresh about Wannabes , which was written by Mr . DeMeo , who produced and directed the film with Charles A . Addessi , much of the time
can feel your veins cringing from the workout
can explode obnoxiously into 2,500 screens while something of Bubba Ho-Tep 's clearly evident quality may end up languishing on a shelf somewhere
can feel your veins cringing from the workout .
can fully succeed at cheapening it .
can get by without being funny simply by structuring the scenes as if they were jokes : a setup , delivery and payoff .
a script that prevents them from firing on all cylinders
an appalling ,
an appalling , odoriferous thing ... so
The problem with movies about angels is they have a tendency to slip into hokum . A Rumor of Angels does n't just slip -- it avalanches into forced fuzziness
The problem with movies about angels is they have a tendency to slip into hokum . A Rumor of Angels does n't just slip -- it avalanches into forced fuzziness .
The problem with the mayhem in Formula 51
The problem with the mayhem in Formula 51 is not that it 's offensive , but that it 's boring .
The problematic characters
The problematic characters and
The problematic characters and overly convenient plot twists
The problematic characters and overly convenient plot twists foul up Shum 's good intentions .
restrictive and chaotic
shows up and ruins everything
On the evidence before us , the answer is clear : Not easily and , in the end , not well enough
Once he starts learning to compromise with reality enough to become comparatively sane and healthy , the film becomes predictably conventional .
scant place
Going to the website may be just as fun ( and scary ) as going to the film .
Going To Be Really Awful
Goes on and on to the point of nausea .
Goes on and on to the point of nausea
Godawful boring slug of a movie .
Godawful boring slug of a movie
Godawful boring slug
Godawful
the scripters do n't deserve any Oscars .
the second half of the movie really goes downhill
the seemingly irreconcilable situation between conservative Christian parents and their estranged gay and lesbian children
's better than mid-range Steven Seagal , but not as sharp
stale , kill-by-numbers flick
staged with your green plastic army men were more exciting and almost certainly made more sense
stagnation
a hoot in a bad-movie way
a horrible movie
recycled more times
a hopeless , unsatisfying muddle
unceasing sadism
, it eventually culminates in the not-exactly - stunning insight that crime does n't pay
unclassifiably awful study
unclean
unclear
a hole in your head
a hole in the head
, it fails to lend the characters ' individual stories enough dramatic resonance to make us care about them .
I 've had since '' Ca n't Stop The Music . '' It may as well be called '' Jar-Jar Binks : The Movie . '' It 's that painful
I 've never seen ( a remake ) do anything as stomach-turning as the way Adam Sandler 's new movie rapes , pillages and incinerates Frank Capra 's classic ...
I 've seen in a while , a meander through worn-out material
I 'm sorry to say that this should seal the deal - Arnold is not , nor will he be , back .
I 'm sure there 's a teenage boy out there somewhere who 's dying for this kind of entertainment .
I 've ever seen that had no obvious directing involved
I 've got to give it thumbs down
I 've seen some bad singer-turned actors ,
I 've seen some bad singer-turned actors , but
dead ends and
Bedouins
dead ends
seems to be coasting . There are a few modest laughs , but certainly no thrills
seems to be coasting . There are a few modest laughs , but certainly no
without ( de niro ) , city by the sea would slip under the waves . he drags it back , single-handed
seems to exist only for its climactic setpiece
has the odd distinction of being playful without being fun
has the odd distinction of being playful without being fun , too
has the dubious distinction of being a really bad imitation of the really bad Blair Witch Project
has the dubious distinction of being a really bad imitation of the really bad Blair Witch Project .
has the odd distinction of being playful without being fun , too .
has the outdated swagger of a shameless '70s blaxploitation shuck-and-jive sitcom
dazed and enervated , drenched-in-the
hopelessly juvenile
theft
wobbly premise work
that never
that most frightening of all movies -- a mediocre horror film too bad to be good and too good to be bad
It 's not thirsty , consuming passion which drives this movie . No , it 's the repetition of said behavior , and so Children of the Century is more mindless love than mad , more grating and boring than anything else .
It 's not thirsty , consuming passion which drives this movie . No , it 's the repetition of said behavior , and so Children of the Century is more mindless love than mad , more grating and boring than anything else
It 's not the ultimate Depression-era gangster movie .
only satisfy those who ca n't tell the difference between the good , the bad and the ugly .
steadfast , hoity-toity convictions
only saving grace
must be the end of the world
Not as good as the original
want to pack raw dough in my ears
only sporadically amusing
cobbled together out of older movies
cobbled together from largely flat and uncreative moments
there 's nothing remotely triumphant about this motion picture .
The movie is virtually without context -- journalistic or historical .
disintegrates into a dreary , humorless soap opera
show fisticuffs in this sort of stop-go slow motion that makes the gang rumbles look like they 're being streamed
The movie is without intent .
The movie makes absolutely no sense .
` It looks good , Sonny , but you missed the point . '
` Enigma ' is a good name for a movie this delibrately obtuse and unapproachable .
disingenuous ,
a bloated plot that stretches the running time about 10 minutes past a child 's interest and an adult 's patience .
lingering questions about what the film is really getting at
's missing in murder by numbers is any real psychological grounding for the teens ' deviant behavior . being latently gay and liking to read
a bloated plot
But the cinematography is cloudy , the picture making becalmed .
remember Cabin Boy ? )
will indie filmmakers subject us to boring , self-important stories of how horrible we are to ourselves and each other
will indeed sit open-mouthed before the screen , not screaming but yawning
will indeed sit open-mouthed before the screen , not screaming but yawning .
But that 's just the problem with it - the director has n't added enough of his own ingredients
the film lacks in general focus
But that 's just the problem with it - the director has n't added enough of his own ingredients .
This loud and thoroughly obnoxious comedy about a pair of squabbling working-class spouses is a deeply unpleasant experience .
due to Parker 's ill-advised meddling with the timeless source material
This kind of dark comedy requires a delicate , surgical touch . But director Danny DeVito and screenwriter Adam Resnick ( remember Cabin Boy ? ) just pound away
This limp gender-bender-baller from a first-time director and rookie screenwriter
This limp gender-bender-baller from a first-time director and rookie screenwriter steals wholesale from that 1982 's Tootsie , forgetting only to retain a single laugh .
This long and relentlessly saccharine film
dull ''
the worst titles in recent cinematic history
the worst sense
But the feelings evoked in the film are lukewarm and quick to pass .
the worst revenge-of-the-nerds clichés
the worst titles
the worst sin of attributable to a movie like this
the worst sin
But the film itself is ultimately quite unengaging .
conflict with itself
he and his improbably forbearing wife
of relentlessly nasty situations
, the film does not make this statement in an easily accessible way , and -- unless prewarned -- it would be very possible for a reasonably intelligent person to sit through its tidal wave of imagery and not get this vision at all .
, the film founders on its lack of empathy for the social milieu - rich New York intelligentsia - and its off
, the film ends with a large human tragedy .
, the film 's more determined to become the next Texas Chainsaw Massacre .
silly horror movies
are almost good enough to camouflage the dopey plot
are aggravating enough to exhaust the patience of even the most understanding spouse
horribly
Really Awful
bull sessions
bumper sticker platitudes
as lumpy
as lukewarm . Maybe
as little
as little wit , interest , and professionalism
feels especially thin stretched over the nearly 80-minute running time .
feels especially thin stretched over the nearly 80-minute running time
feels homogenized and a bit contrived
feels from being dragged through a sad , sordid universe of guns , drugs , avarice and damaged dreams
feels homogenized and a bit contrived ,
feels impersonal , almost generic
feels homogenized and a bit contrived , as if we 're looking back at a tattered and ugly past with rose-tinted glasses .
feels in almost every possible way -- from the writing and direction to the soggy performances -- tossed off
feels impersonal , almost generic .
a few four letter words thrown in that are generally not heard on television
a few days before she dies . This is absolutely and completely ridiculous
attempts to fuse at least three dull plots into one good one
attempts to fashion a Brazil-like , hyper-real satire
attempts to wear down possible pupils through repetition . It has no affect on the Kurds
attempts to fuse at least three dull plots into one good one .
thriller remarkable only for its lack of logic and misuse of two fine actors , Morgan Freeman and Ashley Judd .
of artistic malnutrition
of ambivalence and ambiguity
horrendously confusing
A sloppy , amusing comedy that proceeds from a stunningly unoriginal premise
robotically italicized
to the same kind of maudlin , sentimental mysticism that mars the Touched by an Angel school of non-God spiritual-uplift movies
disconcertingly
disappointingly thin slice
disappointment .
Adams just copies from various sources -- good sources , bad mixture
Adams just copies from various sources --
too smart to ignore but a little too smugly superior to like ,
Adams just copies from various sources
too deep
Ahola is simply not an actor
far cry
the sleep-deprived Dormer ,
the slippery slope of dishonesty
far less funny than the original , Killers
environmental pollution ever made
environmental pollution
Ah , yes , that would be me : fighting off the urge to doze .
horrendously
knee-jerk reactions and
robotically
lists ingredients
lip-synching , tragedy , and lots
loud and goofy
loud and offensive , but more often
lousy Guy Ritchie imitation
must be turning in his grave , along with my stomach
must have been written ... in the thrall of a vicious hangover
must have failed
musty adaptation
Even those of a single digit age will be able to recognize that this story is too goofy ... even for Disney .
Even those of a single digit age
Even the unwatchable Soapdish is more original
Even the imaginative gore ca n't hide the musty scent of Todd Farmer 's screenplay , which is a simple retread of the 1979 Alien , with a plucky heroine battling a monster loose in a spaceship .
Even the finest chef ca n't make a hotdog into anything more than a hotdog , and Robert De Niro ca n't make this movie anything more than a trashy cop buddy comedy .
Even the finest chef ca n't make a hotdog into anything more than a hotdog , and Robert De Niro ca n't make this movie anything more than a trashy cop buddy comedy
Even the finest chef ca n't make a hotdog into anything more than a hotdog , and
fussing over too weak a recipe
Even with a green Mohawk and a sheet of fire-red flame tattoos covering his shoulder , however , Kilmer seems to be posing , rather than acting . And that leaves a hole in the center of The Salton Sea .
fussing over
that this doting mother would shun her kids , travel to one of the most dangerous parts of the world , don fatigues and become G.I. Jane
cracked lunacy
its characters tissue-thin
its chosen topic
its cheesy screenplay
uneasy bonds
covered earlier and much better
pta proud yet director muccino 's characters are less worthy of puccini
pta proud yet director
As your relatives swap one mundane story after another
Aspires for the piquant but only really
Aspires for the piquant but only really achieves a sort of ridiculous sourness .
Makes the same mistake as the music industry it criticizes ,
Makes the same mistake as the music industry
Makes 98 minutes feel like three hours .
Make like the title and dodge this one
Make like the title and dodge this one .
that All About the Benjamins is a totally formulaic movie
its body humour and reinforcement of stereotypes
n't rock any boats
n't suck as an actress
been picked not for their acting chops , but for their looks
been much better
Opens at a funeral , ends on the protagonist 's death bed and does n't get much livelier in the three hours in between .
been quashed by whatever obscenity is at hand
been responsible for putting together any movies of particular value or merit
rode the Zipper
very bleak day
very choppy and monosyllabic despite the fact
Stealing Harvard is too busy getting in its own way to be anything but frustrating , boring , and forgettable
by mediocrity
by more objective measurements it 's still quite bad .
by going on for too long , trying to mirror every subsequent event in Chinese history : war , revolution , Communism , etc.
by some dramatic scenes that are jarring and deeply out of place in what could have ( and probably should have ) been a lighthearted comedy
play an innocuous game of fill-in - the-blanks with a tragic past
play his self-deprecating act
You know that ten bucks you 'd spend on a ticket ? Just send it to Cranky . We do n't get paid enough to sit through crap like this .
You leave the same way you came -- a few tasty morsels under your belt , but no new friends .
You have no affinity for most of the characters . Nothing about them is attractive . What they see in each other also is difficult to fathom .
Less worrying about covering all the drama in Frida 's life and more time
You come away thinking not only that Kate is n't very bright , but that she has n't been worth caring about and that maybe she , Janine and Molly -- an all-woman dysfunctional family -- deserve one another .
These are names to remember , in order to avoid them in the future .
There may have been a good film in `` Trouble Every Day , '' but it is not what is on the screen
There may have been a good film in `` Trouble Every Day , '' but it is not what is on the screen .
Let 's hope -- shall we ? -- that the ` true story ' by which All the Queen 's Men is allegedly '' inspired '' was a lot funnier and
You may be galled that you 've wasted nearly two hours of your own precious life with this silly little puddle of a movie .
You try to guess the order in which the kids in the house will be gored .
China . He has not learnt that storytelling is what the movies are about
to be prescribed than recommended -- as visually bland as a dentist 's waiting room , complete with soothing Muzak and a cushion of predictable narrative rhythms
to be sealed in a jar and left on a remote shelf indefinitely
most aggressively nerve-wracking and screamingly neurotic romantic comedy
never rises above easy , cynical potshots at morally bankrupt characters ...
hard to imagine a more generic effort in the genre
schmaltzy and predictable , but still
flies out the window
flimsier with its many out-sized , out of character and logically porous action set
flimsy and ephemeral
flimsy and
push it through the audience 's meat grinder one more time
almost senseless
also is difficult to fathom .
in formula crash-and-bash action
of low-grade dreck that usually goes straight to video -- with a lousy script , inept direction , pathetic acting , poorly dubbed dialogue and murky cinematography , complete with visible boom mikes
hoary
hokey
hokum of Hart 's War is never fun
the awkward interplay and utter lack of chemistry between Chan and Hewitt
's a trifle of a movie
's a trifle of a movie , with a few laughs surrounding an unremarkable soft center .
's a trifle of a movie , with a few laughs surrounding an unremarkable soft center
's a tad slow
's a trifle .
's a trifle
too often , the viewer is left puzzled by the mechanics of the delivery
Trades run-of-the-mill revulsion for extreme unease
these bromides would be barely enough to sustain an interstitial program on the Discovery Channel . But
on the party favors to sober us up with the transparent attempts at moralizing
this wretched work
why it fails is a riddle wrapped in a mystery inside an enigma .
a massive infusion
minimal appreciation
his kids to watch too many Barney videos
is a fragmented film , once a good idea that was followed by the bad idea to turn it into a movie .
is a fragmented film
is a fragmented film ,
is a film for the under-7 crowd
the lazy material and
the lazy material
the lazy material and the finished product 's unshapely look
A vile , incoherent mess
, and larded with exposition
A wannabe comedy
treats women like idiots
treats conspiracy as a kind of political blair witch , a monstrous murk that haunts us precisely because it can never be seen
I firmly believe that a good video game movie is going to show up soon . I also believe that Resident Evil is not it .
emphasizes every line and sag
emphasizes style over character and substance
`` ( Hopkins ) does n't so much phone in his performance as fax it .
I guarantee that no wise men will be following after it
aging series
I hate the feeling of having been slimed in the name of High Art .
, and peopled mainly by characters so unsympathetic that you 're left with a sour taste in your mouth
, fat , dumb
every turn of Elizabeth Berkley 's flopping dolphin-gasm
everybody else is in the background and it just seems manufactured to me and artificial
everyday sex-in-the-city misadventures
of even the most elemental literacy , an inkling of genuine wit , and anything resembling acting
of a particularly nightmarish fairytale
of ` deadly friend
an odd show
a truly annoying pitch
an odd show , pregnant with moods , stillborn except as a harsh conceptual exercise
an odd show , pregnant with moods ,
of exploitative garbage
his unemployment .
his unemployment
his victims
're wearing the somewhat cumbersome 3D goggles
is a big time stinker .
seems little different
seems more tacky and reprehensible , manipulating our collective fear without bestowing the subject with the intelligence or sincerity it unequivocally deserves .
seems far more interested in gross-out humor than in showing us well-thought stunts or a car chase that we have n't seen 10,000 times
flirts with propaganda
seems endless .
Anthony Hopkins ? Big deal ! We 've already seen the prequel to The Silence of the Lambs and Hannibal -- and
Anthony Hopkins ? Big deal ! We 've already seen the prequel to The Silence of the Lambs and Hannibal -- and it was better the first time .
Anthony Hopkins ? Big deal ! We 've already seen the prequel to The Silence of the Lambs and Hannibal -- and it was better the first time
Any film featuring young children threatened by a terrorist bomb can no longer pass as mere entertainment .
campy recall for older fans or a silly , Nickelodeon-esque kiddie flick
can analyze this movie in three words : Thumbs Friggin ' Down
can analyze this movie in three words : Thumbs Friggin ' Down .
can aspire but none can equal
tedious
yet curiously tepid and choppy recycling in which predictability is the only winner
a festival film that would have been better off staying on the festival circuit
a few cheap shocks
I know we 're not supposed to take it seriously , but I ca n't shake the thought that Undercover Brother missed an opportunity to strongly present some profound social commentary
Mocking them now
as garnish . Not only is entry number twenty the worst of the Brosnan bunch
all the writhing and wailing , tears , rage and opium overdoses
More dutiful than enchanting ... terribly episodic and lacking the spark of imagination that might have made it an exhilarating
More dutiful than enchanting ... terribly episodic and lacking the spark of imagination that might have made it an exhilarating treat .
More maudlin
all the writhing and wailing , tears ,
as moronic as some campus gross-out films
as lukewarm
as moronic as some campus
as lumpy as two-day old porridge
as long on the irrelevant as on the engaging , which gradually turns What Time Is It There ?
long , convoluted
long , convoluted ploy
a Good Will Hunting trilogy that was never planned
Snow Dogs finds its humour in a black man getting humiliated by a pack of dogs who are smarter than him
Sluggish , tonally uneven .
turn stupid
So devoid of pleasure or sensuality
Excessive , profane ,
Excessive , profane , packed with cartoonish violence and comic-strip characters .
Excessive ,
Excessive , profane
Excessive
Far too clever by half , Howard 's film is really a series of strung-together moments , with all the spaces in between filled with fantasies , daydreams , memories and one fantastic visual trope after another .
Far-fetched premise
Far-fetched
Far-fetched premise , convoluted plot
Far-fetched premise ,
Far-fetched premise , convoluted plot , and
Far-fetched premise , convoluted plot ,
the difficulties
Although the sequel has all the outward elements of the original , the first film 's lovely flakiness is gone , replaced by the forced funniness found in the dullest kiddie flicks .
listless sci-fi
listless and desultory affair
listless and desultory
listless and
you have nothing better to do with 94 minutes . But
you have nothing better to do with 94 minutes . But be warned , you too may feel time has decided to stand still
listless sci-fi comedy
'm sure the filmmaker would disagree , but , honestly , I do n't see the point
Evokes a little of the fear that parents have for the possible futures of their children -- and the sometimes bad choices mothers and fathers
are nearly impossible to care about
93-minute condensation
: It 's so bad it 's good , but only if you slide in on a freebie .
the day when godard can no longer handle the rigors of filmmaking
's low-cal Woody at best .
's mighty tedious for the viewer who has to contend with unpleasant characters , hit-and-miss performances and awkwardly staged scenes .
's mighty tedious for the viewer who has to contend with unpleasant characters , hit-and-miss performances and awkwardly staged scenes
's little to love about this English trifle .
's little to love about this English trifle
's loud and boring
will strike some Westerners as verging on mumbo-jumbo
be as bad as its trailers
will seem like a recycling of clichés , an assassin 's greatest hits .
passes time until it 's time for an absurd finale of twisted metal
passion , grief and fear
past Love Story derisions
on humor that is not even as daring as John Ritter 's glory days on Three 's Company
that anyone without a fortified sweet tooth will likely go into sugar shock
that all you can do is shake your head in disbelief -- and worry about what classic Oliver Parker intends to mangle next time
that are damned in Queen of the Damned
, murky and weakly acted
, none of these words really gets at the very special type of badness that is Deuces Wild .
its weaknesses
its weaknesses and Parker 's creative interference
pile too many `` serious issues '' on its plate at times , yet
the obstacles of a predictable outcome and a screenplay that glosses over Rafael 's evolution
prolonged and boring
corny
could be a movie that ends up slapping its target audience in the face by shooting itself in the foot
could prepare us for this gory , perverted , sex-soaked riff on the cannibal genre
its surprises limp
the level of the comedy declines as the movie proceeds
, are about a half dozen young Turks angling to see how many times they can work the words '' radical '' or '' suck '' into a sentence .
, apparently nobody here bothered to check it twice .
, and to the script 's refusal of a happy ending
, and their personalities undergo radical changes when it suits the script
divide its audience
it 's released , and will not be remembered long afterwards
with a lower I.Q. than when I had entered
makes little attempt
of flatly
of flat champagne
of filmmaking , the kind that pretends to be passionate and truthful but is really frustratingly timid and soggy
bleakly
through Kafka 's meat grinder
how bad the movie is
how heavy-handed and portent-heavy it is
the film 's creepy
has been overexposed , redolent of a thousand cliches , and yet
has been replaced by the bottom of the barrel
wildly implausible and strangely conventional
wildly inconsistent
wildly inconsistent emotional
we never really feel involved with the story , as all of its ideas remain just that : abstract ideas
the Ball and Chain
raunchy language
It winds up moving in many directions as it searches ( vainly , I think ) for something fresh to say .
rather than skip along the Seine , more or less slogs its way through soggy Paris , tongue uncomfortably in cheek .
sometimes inadequate performances
sometimes inadequate
sometimes dry
sometimes just lapses into unhidden British
its title is nearly meaningless
its total promise is left slightly unfulfilled
its twists and turns hold no more surprise than yesterday 's weather report
spiked with unintentional laughter that , unfortunately , occurs too infrequently to make the film even a guilty pleasure
a mess as its director 's diabolical debut , Mad Cows
spinning its wheels
a medium-grade network sitcom --
a menace
a mere plot pawn
a mere plot pawn for two directors with far less endearing disabilities
spent watching this waste of time
, no one can hear you snore
spent most of the movie feeling depressed by the shallow , selfish , greedy characters
A tired , unimaginative and derivative variation of that already-shallow
A markedly inactive film , City is conversational bordering on confessional .
may be a bit disjointed
may be another shameless attempt by Disney to rake in dough from baby boomer families
that are jarring and deeply out of place in what could
that are more silly than scary
that are n't so substantial or fresh
that barely fizzle
that bears more than a whiff of exploitation , despite Iwai 's vaunted empathy
A waterlogged version of ` Fatal Attraction ' for the teeny-bopper set
more collection of penis , breast and flatulence gags in search of a story . Or a profit . Or some damn thing
more collection of penis , breast and flatulence gags in search of a story . Or a profit . Or
more collection of penis , breast and flatulence gags in search of a story .
I wish I could say '' Thank God It 's Friday '' , but the truth of the matter is I was glad when it was over .
takes such a speedy swan dive from `` promising ''
that 's enough
It throws quirky characters , odd situations , and off-kilter dialogue at us , all as if to say , '' Look at this ! This is an interesting movie ! ''
tale will be all too familiar for anyone who 's seen George Roy Hill 's 1973 film , `` The Sting . ''
we deserve the trash that we get .
is by no means his best work
without that silly ponytail
Love Liza is a festival film that would have been better off staying on the festival circuit .
Lots of effort and intelligence are on display but in execution it is all awkward , static , and lifeless rumblings
angling to see how many times they can work the words '' radical '' or '' suck
a throwaway , junk-food movie whose rap soundtrack was better tended to than the film itself
a throwaway movie
a throwaway movie that wo n't stand the test of time
a tired one
a tone-deaf singer
a tone-deaf singer at a benefit concert
. Allen
it is an uneven film for the most part
-- though unhappily for his subjects --
would do well to cram earplugs in their ears and put pillowcases over their heads for 87 minutes
inadequate
inadequate performance
inadvertently sidesplitting it
inanely for two hours
inarticulate
incapable of conveying any emotion
incessant coarseness and banality
I would recommend Big Bad Love only to Winger fans who have missed her since 1995 's Forget Paris . But even then , I 'd recommend waiting for DVD and just skipping straight to her scenes
dialog that consists mostly of platitudes
devotes too much time to bigoted views
diabolical as this
dialogue , 30 seconds of plot
`` Extreme Ops '' was obviously made for the `` XXX '' crowd , people who enjoy mindless action without the benefit of decent acting , writing , and direction .
some futile concoction
some futile concoction that was developed hastily after Oedekerk
the nerve-raked acting ,
a haunting vision , with images that seem more like disturbing hallucinations .
a grief that could lead a man across centuries
Slap Her
Sleeper
Slow
why did n't he just do it , instead of using bad sci-fi as window dressing ?
the most navel-gazing film ever
the most painfully marginal lives
carbon copy scenes
uselessly redundant and shamelessly money-grubbing than most third-rate horror sequels
Aussie David Caesar channels the not-quite-dead career of Guy Ritchie .
Attal pushes too hard to make this a comedy or serious drama .
Attal 's hang-ups surrounding infidelity are so old-fashioned and , dare I say , outdated , it 's a wonder that he could n't have brought something fresher to the proceedings simply by accident .
with all its botches
another self-consciously overwritten story about a rag-tag bunch of would-be characters
a crock
a crock --
a crock -- or something like it
Unless there are zoning ordinances to protect your community from the dullest science fiction
Unless Bob Crane is someone of particular interest to you , this film 's impressive performances and adept direction are n't likely to leave a lasting impression .
Unless you come in to the film with a skateboard under your arm , you 're going to feel like you were n't invited to the party .
Unless there are zoning ordinances to protect your community from the dullest science fiction , Impostor is opening today at a theater near you .
Unlike Trey Parker , Sandler does n't understand that the idea of exploiting molestation for laughs is funny , not actually exploiting it yourself .
unlike ( Scorsese 's Mean Streets ) , Ash Wednesday is essentially devoid of interesting characters or even a halfway intriguing plot .
, you may just end up trying to drown yourself in a lake afterwards .
, you discover that the answer is as conventional as can be .
, you just do n't care whether that cold-hearted snake Petrovich ( that would be Reno ) gets his comeuppance . Just bring on the Battle Bots , please !
credulous , unassuming , subordinate
, you realize there 's no place for this story to go but down
's so full of wrong choices
's so full of wrong choices that all you can do is shake your head in disbelief -- and worry about what classic Oliver Parker intends to mangle next time
's so full of wrong choices that all you can do is shake your head in disbelief -- and worry about what classic Oliver Parker intends to mangle next time .
's so mediocre
's so mediocre , despite the dynamic duo on the marquee , that we just ca n't get no satisfaction
's so mediocre , despite the dynamic duo on the marquee , that we just ca n't get no satisfaction .
's so preposterous
's so preposterous that I did n't believe it for a second , despite the best efforts of everyone involved
Highbrow self-appointed guardians of culture need not apply
undemanding action movies
a world of meaningless activity
trots out the video he took of the family vacation to Stonehenge . Before long , you 're desperate for the evening to end
is good for a laugh . The problem with '' XXX '' is that its own action is n't very effective
is going through the paces again with his usual high melodramatic style of filmmaking
the filmmaking clumsy and rushed
the filmmakers to force-feed James Bond
the filmmakers and studio are brazen enough to attempt to pass this stinker off as a scary movie
What the movie lacks in action
Whatever complaints I might have
shaking your head all the way to the credits
jump cuts , fast editing
Hollywood could n't possibly fictionalize and be believed
shaking your head
to the point of distraction
to the dullest Irish pub scenes
substandard performances
subscriber
subplots involving the various Silbersteins that it feels more like the pilot episode of a TV series than a feature film
substitute plot for personality . It does n't really know or care about the characters , and uses them as markers for a series of preordained events
runs away from its own provocative theme
exit sign
exit the theater
expect from movies
images and characters that were already tired 10 years ago
runs on empty ,
runs on empty
Cold , Sterile And Lacking
Cold , Sterile And Lacking Any Color Or Warmth .
Cold , Sterile And Lacking Any Color Or Warmth
Coarse , cliched and clunky
Coarse , cliched and clunky , this trifling romantic comedy in which opposites attract for no better reason than that the screenplay demands it squanders the charms of stars Hugh Grant and Sandra Bullock .
Cold , pretentious ,
Cold , pretentious
a play that only ever walked the delicate tightrope between farcical and loathsome
a phlegmatic bore , so tedious it makes the silly spy vs. spy film The Sum of All Fears , starring Ben Affleck , seem downright Hitchcockian
a perverse , dangerous libertine and agitator -- which would have made for better drama
a perverse , dangerous libertine and agitator --
Should Pay Nine Bucks for This : Because you can hear about suffering Afghan refugees on the news and still be unaffected
being even dumber
gay film .
he or anyone else
he portrays himself in a one-note performance
genial is the conceit ,
he keeps being cast in action films when none of them are ever any good
being boring and sad
65-minute trifle
featuring reams of flatly
be sorry
poor-me
poor-me persona
women as pathetic , dysfunctional and destructive
Strip it of all its excess debris , and you 'd have a 90-minute , four-star movie . As it is , it 's too long and unfocused .
Strip it of all its excess debris , and you 'd have a 90-minute , four-star movie . As it is , it 's too long and unfocused
on cliched or meaningless roles
on both sides it falls short
on cable
a paper party hat
goofy gangster yarn
The overall feel of the film is pretty cheesy , but there 's still a real sense that the Star Trek tradition has been honored as best it can , given the embarrassing script and weak direction
the guise of a modern motion picture
is about as convincing on the sci-fi front as TV 's defunct Cleopatra 2525 .
is a truly , truly bad movie
is a truly , truly bad movie .
is about a boring , sad man being boring and sad
is about a boring , sad man being boring and sad .
is way too muddled to be an effectively chilling guilty pleasure
is very little dread or apprehension
is virtually absent
is virtually without context
workman 's
this sad-sack waste of a movie is a City of ruins
this schlock-filled fairy tale hits new depths of unoriginality and predictability .
this sappy ethnic sleeper proves that not only blockbusters pollute the summer movie pool .
this saccharine , Easter-egg-colored concoction
this ruinous remake
this sad-sack waste of a movie
this sad-sack waste
such as pulp fiction and get shorty resonate a sardonic verve to their caustic purpose for existing , who is cletis tout
The movie 's gloomy atmosphere
if saccharine earnestness were a crime , the film 's producers would be in the clink for life
if not devoid of wit
if only Benigni had n't insisted on casting himself in the title role
if predictable time-travel fable
if only because the cast is so engagingly messing around like Slob City reductions of Damon Runyon crooks
its fussy script and uptight characters
acts like a doofus
actresses ( and one Academy Award winning actor ) succumb to appearing in this junk that 's TV sitcom material at best
actory concoctions , defined by childlike dimness and a handful of quirks
that something 's horribly wrong , nothing will
that something hip and transgressive was being attempted here that stubbornly refused to gel
become a classic , but forgive me if I 've come to expect more from this studio than some 79-minute after-school '' cartoon ''
become even weaker
become downright despicable
become more disappointed as each overwrought new sequence plods
the most cinema-besotted critic
the most disappointing Woody Allen movie ever . He has a great cast and a great idea .
's also somewhat clumsy .
's also disappointing to a certain degree
's also somewhat clumsy
shows moments of promise but ultimately succumbs to cliches and pat storytelling .
two young women whose lives were as claustrophic , suffocating and chilly as the attics to which they were inevitably consigned
There is no entry portal in The Rules of Attraction ,
Bad Love ''
There are weird resonances between actor and role here , and they 're not exactly flattering
There can be no other explanation . Hilariously inept and ridiculous
There are weird resonances between actor and role here , and they 're not exactly flattering .
There is n't nearly enough fun here , despite the presence of some appealing ingredients .
, this nasty comedy pokes fun at the same easy targets as other rowdy raunch-fests -- farts , boobs , unmentionables -- without much success .
low rent Godfather . Part Three Stooges .
to the Disney philosophy of required poignancy , a salute that I 'd hoped the movie would avoid
( even , at times , preposterous )
an obsolete , if irritating , notion
an obsolete , if irritating , notion of class
an oafish idiot impersonating an aristocrat
an objectionable or dull film
gunfight
No new plot conceptions or
its scenes and sensibility are all more than familiar , but
No doubt the star and everyone else involved had their hearts in the right place . Where their heads were is anyone 's guess .
No film could possibly be more contemptuous of the single female population .
No matter how much he runs around and acts like a doofus , accepting a 50-year-old in the role is creepy in a Michael Jackson sort of way .
No new plot conceptions
Purely propaganda , a work of unabashed hero worship
wastes all its star power on cliched or meaningless roles
taken from a distance to hide the liberal use of a body double
, The Weight of Water comes off as a two-way time-switching myopic mystery that stalls in its lackluster gear of emotional blandness
, The Weight of Water comes to resemble the kind of soft-core twaddle you 'd expect to see on Showtime 's ` Red Shoe Diaries . '
, The Weight of Water is oppressively heavy .
, The Wild Thornberrys Movie does n't offer much more than the series
, Trouble Every Day is a plodding mess .
pointless
pokey
poignancy
Soulless
Sorvino makes the princess seem smug and cartoonish , and the film only really comes alive when poor Hermocrates and Leontine pathetically compare notes about their budding amours .
Sorority Boys , which is as bad at it is cruel , takes every potential laugh and stiletto-stomps the life out of it .
Sorority Boys , which is as bad at it is cruel ,
Sorority Boys is a bowser .
Sorvino makes the princess seem smug and cartoonish , and the film only really comes alive when poor Hermocrates and Leontine pathetically compare notes about their budding amours
Sorvino makes the princess seem smug and cartoonish , and
a transparently hypocritical work
interfering
take your pick . All three descriptions suit Evelyn , a besotted and obvious drama that tells us nothing new .
is just too dialed-up to be america 's sweetheart
think an action film disguised as a war tribute is disgusting to begin with
defunct
deflates his piece of puffery with a sour cliche and heavy doses of mean-spiritedness
deficit
define his career with but Pinocchio . It might as well have been Problem Child IV
is made almost impossible by events that set the plot in motion
deflates
starts out as competent but unremarkable ...
it 's just too bad it does n't have more flashes of insight
uneven performances and a spotty script add up to a biting satire that has no teeth .
uneven performances and a spotty script add up to a biting satire that has no teeth
of sympathizing with terrorist motivations by presenting the `` other side of the story
uneven performances
uneven
remains indistinct
The gags , and the script , are a mixed bag .
charges full admission and gets
What with all the blanket statements and dime-store ruminations on vanity
( Cattaneo ) sophomore slump
( Creates ) the worst kind of mythologizing , the kind that sacrifices real heroism and abject suffering for melodrama .
The story is predictable , the jokes are typical Sandler fare , and the romance with Ryder is puzzling
The story is predictable , the jokes are typical Sandler fare , and
smutty
The story is lacking any real emotional impact
The story is lacking any real emotional impact , and
( Næs )
The story is lacking any real emotional impact , and the plot is both contrived and cliched
of his passe ' chopsocky glory
no discernible craft and monstrously sanctimonious
reminds at every turn of Elizabeth Berkley 's flopping dolphin-gasm
remind us of how very bad a motion picture can truly be . Frank McKlusky C . I
I think even fans of Sandler 's comic taste may find it uninteresting
I still want my money back
it is disposable .
I suspect that you 'll be as bored watching Morvern Callar as the characters are in it . If you go , pack your knitting needles .
I spied with my little eye ... a mediocre collection of cookie-cutter action scenes and occasionally inspired dialogue bits
because it can never be seen
is more appetizing than a side dish of asparagus . If you 're not a fan , it might be like trying to eat Brussels sprouts .
feel cheated
It 's makes a better travelogue than movie .
unimpeachable
unhappily
the kind of linguistic fumbling
the kind of linguistic fumbling not heard since Macy Gray 's game of Chinese whispers with Mr Bean
the kind of film that could only be made by African-Americans because of its broad racial insensitivity towards African-Americans
the kind of movie that 's critic-proof , simply because it aims so low
the kind of movie that ends up festooning U . S . art house screens for no reason other than the fact that it 's in French ( well , mostly ) with English subtitles and is magically ` significant ' because of that
become so buzz-obsessed that fans and producers descend upon Utah each January to ferret out The Next Great Thing
tailor-made for those who when they were in high school would choose the Cliff-Notes over reading a full-length classic
The threat implied in the title Pokémon 4ever is terrifying -- like locusts in a horde these things will keep coming .
The threat implied in the title Pokémon 4ever is terrifying -- like locusts in a horde these things will keep coming
be stomping through them in clown clothes , playing a college football fight song on untuned instruments
be somewhat well-acted , not badly art-directed and utterly unengaging no matter how hard it tries to be thrilling , touching or , yikes , uproarious
be the most repellent movie of 2002
be subtler than Norman Jewison 's 1975 ultraviolent futuristic corporate-sports saga . It 's also stupider
be the most tuneless tune
it , ` Hungry-Man portions of bad '
of women torn apart by a legacy of abuse
creepy
a boring man
crime
have been better off staying on the festival circuit
should be complaining when a film clocks in around 90 minutes these days
if they 're ghosts imagining themselves as alive .
if none of it makes a lick of sense
if it only had a brain
Scores no points
Scooby Dumb
Scores no points for originality , wit , or intelligence . It 's a cookie-cutter movie , a cut-and-paste job .
Scores no points for originality , wit , or intelligence
should be doing a lot of things , but does n't
not understand everything that happens
not very imaginative ,
wo n't stand the cold light of day
not have the dramatic gut-wrenching impact of other Holocaust films
not sure even Miyazaki himself does
not exactly a gourmet meal
is Imposter makes a better short story than it does a film .
is Imposter makes a better short story than it does a film
is I was glad when it was over
is Hartley 's least accessible screed yet .
is Hartley 's least accessible screed yet
is Hartley 's least accessible screed
to doze off for a few minutes or make several runs to the concession stand and\/or restroom and not feel as if he or she has missed anything
providing a disquiet world the long-dreaded completion of the Police Academy series
always seemed static
dreary expanse
a pregnant premise being wasted by a script that takes few chances and manages to insult the intelligence of everyone in the audience
rather like being trapped while some weird relative trots out the video he took of the family vacation to Stonehenge
The performances are so leaden , Michael Rymer 's direction is so bloodless and the dialogue is so corny that the audience laughs out loud
The performances are so leaden , Michael Rymer 's direction is so bloodless and the dialogue is so corny that the audience laughs out loud .
The performances are so leaden , Michael Rymer 's direction is so bloodless and
The performances are so leaden
over this
the final result makes for adequate entertainment , i suppose , but anyone who has seen chicago on stage will leave the theater feeling they 've watched nothing but a pale imitation of the real deal .
does n't do a very good job conveying the issue at hand
does n't distinguish itself from the herd
does n't even have the virtue of enough mindless violence to break up the tedium of all its generational bonding
does n't even have a great ending
does n't fit the part
does n't exactly favour the audience
does n't fully
any insights that have n't been thoroughly debated in the media
and Repulsion
Sheridan has settled for a lugubrious romance
'll probably run out screaming .
replaced by the forced funniness found in the dullest kiddie flicks
'll wait in vain for a movie to happen .
clocks in at 80 minutes , but feels twice as long .
, it would fail and perhaps explode
to escape from director Mark Romanek 's self-conscious scrutiny
weak and
confines himself to shtick and sentimentality --
confines himself to shtick and sentimentality
confines himself to shtick and sentimentality -- the one bald and the other sloppy .
reveals the true intent of her film by carefully selecting interview subjects who will construct a portrait of Castro so predominantly charitable it can only be seen as propaganda
Naipaul fans may be disappointed .
Naipaul fans may be disappointed . Those who are not acquainted with the author 's work , on the other hand , may fall fast asleep
Naipaul fans may be disappointed . Those who are not acquainted with the author 's work , on the other hand , may fall fast asleep .
Nohe has made a decent ` intro ' documentary , but he feels like a spectator and not a participant
our Hollywood has all but lost
to the idiocy of its last frames
no goal and no urgency .
no goal and no urgency
no good inside dope
no goal and no urgency . It 's just filler
no good inside dope , and
no good jokes
no good jokes , no good scenes
no good jokes ,
a glorified episode of `` 7th Heaven
a genre that 's already a joke in the United States .
a geriatric
Feels shrill , simple and soapy .
Feels like the work of someone who may indeed have finally aged past his prime ... and , perhaps more than he realizes ,
Feels like the work of someone who may indeed have finally aged past his prime ... and , perhaps more than he realizes , just wants to be liked by the people who can still give him work .
Feels at times like a giant commercial for Universal Studios , where much of the action takes place .
Feels like a cold old man going through the motions .
is , by conventional standards , a fairly terrible movie
irritating at first
irritates and saddens me that Martin Lawrence 's latest vehicle can explode obnoxiously into 2,500 screens while something of Bubba Ho-Tep 's clearly evident quality may end up languishing on a shelf somewhere .
is , aptly enough , a challenge and a punishment
is ) the comedy equivalent of Saddam Hussein , and I 'm just about ready to go to the U.N. and ask permission for a preemptive strike .
is ) the comedy equivalent of Saddam Hussein , and I 'm just about ready to go to the U.N. and ask permission for a preemptive strike
irritating soul-searching garbage .
is , its filmmakers run out of clever ideas and visual gags about halfway through .
is , for about ten minutes . After
is , alas , no Woody Allen .
is ) the comedy equivalent of Saddam Hussein , and I 'm just about ready to go to the U . N . and ask permission for a preemptive strike .
is , for about ten minutes . After that it becomes long and tedious like a classroom
unexplainable pain
besotted and obvious drama
besotted and obvious
its most vibrant scene is one that uses clips from Brian De Palma 's Scarface
, you could say that a few of the characters act in ways that real people would n't ,
its lack of empathy
its ludicrous and contrived plot
At times Auto Focus feels so distant you might as well be watching it through a telescope .
Divine Secrets of the Ya-Ya Sisterhood may not be exactly divine , but
The lack of naturalness makes everything seem self-consciously poetic and forced ... It 's a pity that ( Nelson 's ) achievement does n't match his ambition
The lack of naturalness makes everything seem self-consciously poetic and forced ... It 's a pity that ( Nelson 's ) achievement does n't match his ambition .
safe as to often play like a milquetoast movie of the week blown up for the big screen
typical romantic lead
sadly imitative of innumerable
fly right over everyone 's head
there , done that ... a thousand times already
there , done that ... a thousand times already , and better
reveal nothing about who he is or who he was before
holland lets things peter out midway ,
can tell you that there 's no other reason why anyone should bother remembering it .
can tell what it is supposed to be , but ca n't really call it a work of art .
holland lets things peter out midway , but
can such a cold movie claim to express warmth and longing ?
can tell what it is supposed to be , but ca n't really call it a work of art
can see why people thought I was too hard on `` The Mothman Prophecies ''
can such a cold movie
can stumble sometimes .
takes to describe how bad it is
takes too long to shake
Utter mush ... conceited pap .
Utter mush ... conceited pap
Utter mush ...
holocaust
promising ideas and failed narrative
to suggest the ravages of a life of corruption and ruthlessness
this may be the first cartoon ever to look as if it were being shown on the projection television screen of a sports bar
swap one mundane story after another
swap one mundane story
are hardly enough
are frequently too dark to be decipherable
are becoming irritating
are all too abundant when human hatred spews forth unchecked
so far-fetched it would be impossible to believe if it were n't true
so familiar you might as well be watching a rerun
so distasteful
who take as many drugs as the film 's characters
so grainy and rough
so formulaic and forgettable that it 's hardly over before it begins to fade from memory
the poor acting by the ensemble cast , the flat dialogue by Vincent R. Nebrida or the gutless direction by Laurice Guillen
The characters are paper thin and
The characters are paper thin
little objectivity
little room for engaging , imaginative filmmaking in its nearly 2 1\/2
little more than punishment
little more than routine
little narrative momentum
worst way
worst of all --
little to elaborate the conceit of setting this blood-soaked tragedy of murderous ambition in the era of Richard Nixon
worst movie
worst kind
unencouraging
unencouraging threefold expansion
unending
unending soundtrack
unemotional
unessential
unessential sequel
by its predictability
distractions
and vulgar innuendo
distracted rhythms
to soppy
to stand by her man , no matter how many times he demonstrates that he 's a disloyal satyr
to spoil things
to spend 110 claustrophobic minutes
I liked the original short story but this movie , even at an hour and twenty-some minutes
I liked the original short story but this movie , even at an hour and twenty-some minutes , it 's too long and
I liked the original short story but this movie , even at an hour and twenty-some minutes , it 's too long and it goes nowhere
I liked the original short story but this movie , even at an hour and twenty-some minutes , it 's too long and it goes nowhere .
in a trash can
disturb
disturb many who see it
the murk of its own making
the mundane
( Ahola ) has a wooden delivery and encounters a substantial arc of change that does n't produce any real transformation .
gay personal ads
gay porn film
the film does not make this statement in an easily accessible way ,
the film does not make this statement in an easily accessible way
the film does not make this statement in an easily accessible way , and -- unless prewarned --
the film buzz and whir ; very little of it
the film does not make this statement in an easily accessible way , and -- unless prewarned -- it would be very possible for a reasonably intelligent person to sit through its tidal wave of imagery and not get this vision at all .
the film does not make this statement in an easily accessible way , and -- unless prewarned -- it would be very possible for a reasonably intelligent person to sit through its tidal wave of imagery and not get this vision at all
The affectionate loopiness that once seemed congenital to Demme 's perspective has a tough time emerging from between the badly dated cutesy-pie mystery scenario and the newfangled Hollywood post-production effects .
then , I 'd recommend waiting for DVD and just skipping straight to her scenes
then , out of embarrassment or stupidity
then apply the chloroform-soaked handkerchief
then bothersome
then disappointingly moves the story into the realm of an improbable thriller
then do n't rent it
then expects us to laugh because he acts so goofy all the time
ergo this sloppy drama is an empty vessel . Leave these Flowers unpicked
does feel like a short stretched out to feature length .
was any doubt that Peter O'Fallon did n't have an original bone in his body
was as superficial
was as superficial as the forced New Jersey lowbrow accent Uma had
was beginning to hate it
you expect light romantic comedy
come off as pantomimesque sterotypes
come off as pantomimesque sterotypes .
come out in various wet T-shirt and shower scenes
Totally Past His Prime
is negated
is nature against progress . in fessenden 's horror trilogy
is not
is no picnic
is n't something to be taken seriously
enough melodrama in this Magnolia Primavera
the upbeat ending feels like a copout
the unsalvageability
the uninspired scripts , acting and direction never rise above the level of an after-school TV special
This low-rent -- and even lower-wit -- rip-off
the usual cafeteria goulash
This ludicrous film is predictable at every turn .
for '' shock humor '' will wear thin on all
fools who saw Quentin Tarantino 's handful of raucous gangster films and branched out into their own pseudo-witty copycat interpretations
a snore and
a snore
a smear
a sloppy script
a cruel deception carried out by men of marginal intelligence , with reactionary ideas about women and a total lack of empathy
a crummy , wannabe-hip crime comedy
a cruel deception
all of the pitfalls of such
all of Dean 's mannerisms and self-indulgence , but
all of Dean 's mannerisms and self-indulgence ,
all of Dean 's mannerisms and self-indulgence , but none of his sweetness and vulnerability
all opportunities for Rock to make his mark by serving up the usual chaotic nonsense
some sort of Martha Stewart decorating program run amok
feel like a half-baked stand-up routine
feel like a chump
ticks off Kahlo 's lifetime milestones with the dutiful precision of a tax accountant
do-over
at Sundance , this white-trash satire
by director Jon Purdy 's sledgehammer sap
by characters so unsympathetic
by carefully selecting interview subjects who will construct a portrait of Castro so predominantly charitable it can only be seen as propaganda
by childlike dimness and a handful of quirks
the impatient
hampered
been titled Generic Jennifer Lopez Romantic Comedy
troubled and
has all the excitement of eating oatmeal .
putting you to sleep than a sound machine
as only a document of the worst possibilities of mankind can be
putters along looking for astute observations and coming up blank
putters along looking for astute observations and coming up blank .
and double-crosses
and disturbingly familiar
profoundly stupid
profoundly stupid affair
do justice to the awfulness of the movie ,
do justice to the awfulness of the movie
ponderous and
do everything humanly possible to create characters who are sweet and believable , and are defeated by a screenplay that forces them into bizarre , implausible behavior
It 's rare to see a movie that takes such a speedy swan dive from '' promising '' to '' interesting '' to '' familiar '' before landing squarely on '' stupid '' .
It 's simply stupid , irrelevant and deeply , truly , bottomlessly cynical .
It 's probably not easy to make such a worthless film ...
It 's pretentious in a way that verges on the amateurish .
ponderous and pretentious endeavor
in the nuances of pain
Elicits more groans from the audience than Jar Jar Binks , Scrappy Doo and Scooby Dumb
Ellis ' nothing novel
the rage and alienation that fuels the self-destructiveness of many young people
the rage
an ` action film ' mired in stasis
the performances are so leaden , michael rymer 's direction is so bloodless and the dialogue is so corny that the audience laughs out loud .
patchy construction
patchy
This stuck pig of a movie flails limply between bizarre comedy and pallid horror .
This stuck pig of a movie
This thing is virtually unwatchable .
need a stronger stomach than us
This strenuously unfunny Showtime deserves the hook .
manages to bleed it almost completely dry of humor , verve and fun
manages to bleed it almost completely dry of humor , verve and fun .
manages for but a few seconds
manages for but a few seconds over its seemingly eternal running time to pique your interest , your imagination , your empathy or anything , really , save your disgust and your indifference
manages for but a few seconds over its seemingly eternal running time to pique your interest , your imagination , your empathy or anything , really , save your disgust and your indifference .
a fat man 's navel
a fascinating curiosity piece -- fascinating , that is , for about ten minutes .
a fascinating curiosity piece -- fascinating , that is , for about ten minutes
a fair share of dumb drug jokes and predictable slapstick
one mundane story
SONNY needs to overcome gaps in character development and story logic
High on melodrama
High Crimes carries almost no organic intrigue as a government \/ Marine\/legal mystery
High Crimes carries almost no organic intrigue as a government \/ Marine\/legal mystery , and
High Crimes carries almost no organic intrigue as a government \/ Marine\/legal mystery ,
High Crimes carries almost no organic intrigue as a government \/ Marine\/legal mystery , and that 's because the movie serves up all of that stuff , nearly subliminally , as the old-hat province of male intrigue .
High Crimes carries almost no organic intrigue as a government \/ Marine\/legal mystery , and that 's because the movie serves up all of that stuff , nearly subliminally , as the old-hat province of male intrigue
High Crimes flog the dead horse of surprise as if it were an obligation
Low comedy does n't come much lower .
Low comedy
Lucky Break is ( Cattaneo ) sophomore slump .
is too heavy for all that has preceded it .
is too heavy for all that has preceded it
peter out midway
Sitting through the last reel ( spoiler alert ! ) is significantly less charming than listening to a four-year-old with a taste for exaggeration recount
Sitting through the last reel ( spoiler alert ! ) is significantly less charming than listening to a four-year-old with a taste for exaggeration recount his Halloween trip to the Haunted House
Sitting through the last reel ( spoiler alert ! ) is significantly less charming than listening to a four-year-old with a taste for exaggeration recount his Halloween trip to the Haunted House .
Skin Of Man gets a few cheap shocks from its kids-in-peril theatrics
A wannabe comedy of manners about a brainy prep-school kid with a Mrs. Robinson complex
A wannabe comedy of manners about a brainy prep-school kid with a Mrs. Robinson complex founders on its own preciousness -- and squanders its beautiful women .
A very bad sign .
A bland animated sequel
A waste of good performances .
one-note performance
one-star
one-star rating
one-dimensional characters
no-budget
no sense of connecting the dots , just dots
no one could ever mistake it for anything resembling reality
in trying to capture the novel 's deeper intimate resonances , the film has -- ironically - distanced us from the characters
Kennedy ? Moot
Very special effects , brilliantly bold colors and heightened reality ca n't hide the giant Achilles ' heel in `` Stuart Little 2 `` : There 's just no story , folks .
-- and not always for the better
updates the setting in an attempt to make the film relevant today , without fully understanding what it was that made the story relevant in the first place .
updates the setting in an attempt to make the film relevant today , without fully understanding what it was that made the story relevant in the first place
can not even be dubbed hedonistic
can not guess why the cast and crew did n't sign a pact to burn the negative and the script and pretend the whole thing never existed
can not guess why the cast and crew did n't sign a pact to burn the negative and the script and pretend the whole thing never existed .
feels less like a cousin to blade runner than like a bottom-feeder sequel in the escape from new york series
most of whom wander about in thick clouds of denial
most of what passes for sex in the movies look like cheap hysterics
. Others may find it migraine-inducing , despite Moore 's attempts at whimsy and spoon feeding .
seem tedious
seem to have a lock on the title of ugliest movie of the year
seem more improvised
seem like something to endure instead of enjoy
seem simply an ill fit
a film that takes nearly three hours to unspool
a rag-tag bunch of would-be characters
a ragbag
a ragbag of cliches
lost ideal
lost .
loss and loneliness
loses its soul to Screenwriting For Dummies conformity
suffocation
suffers from two fatal ailments -- a dearth of vitality and a story that 's shapeless and uninflected
suffers from too much Norma Rae and not enough Pretty Woman
suffers from the awkwardness that results from adhering to the messiness of true stories .
suffers from the awkwardness that results from adhering to the messiness of true stories
suffocate the illumination created by the two daughters
suffocate
suffers through this film
suffers from two fatal ailments -- a dearth of vitality and a story that 's shapeless and uninflected .
Winds up feeling like lots of other quirky movies that try to score hipness points with young adults .
Where Tom Green stages his gags as assaults on America 's knee-jerk moral sanctimony , Jackass lacks aspirations of social upheaval .
shrill and
Where Tom Green stages his gags as assaults on America 's knee-jerk moral sanctimony
Windtalkers had had more faith in the dramatic potential of this true story . This would have been better than the fiction it has concocted , and
our moral hackles
's hard to imagine any recent film , independent or otherwise , that makes as much of a mess as this one .
's hard to imagine any recent film , independent or otherwise , that makes as much of a mess as this one
's hard to imagine acting that could be any flatter
Where the film falters is in its tone .
's got the brawn , but not the brains
you 're never quite sure where self-promotion ends and the truth begins
you 're never quite sure where self-promotion ends and the truth begins .
you 're more likely to enjoy on a computer
in its committed dumbness
in its crapulence
in its ` message-movie ' posturing
in insignificance
in its effort to modernize it with encomia to diversity and tolerance
Bleakly
silly-looking
geriatric Dirty Harry ,
geriatric Dirty Harry
could be a single iota worse ... a soulless hunk of exploitative garbage .
could be a single iota worse ... a soulless hunk of exploitative garbage
could be a single iota worse ...
the film its flaws
about seeing the same ideas repeated in films over and over again
porno
might say Tykwer has done all that Heaven allows , if you wanted to make as anti-Kieslowski a pun as possible . Suffice to say its total promise is left slightly unfulfilled .
victims of the arrogant '' if we put together a wry white man and a chatty black man and give them guns , the movie
college education
The whole movie is simply a lazy exercise in bad filmmaking that asks you to not only suspend your disbelief but your intelligence as well .
The whole affair , true story or not , feels incredibly hokey ... ( it ) comes off like a Hallmark commercial .
The whole affair , true story or not , feels incredibly hokey ... ( it ) comes off like a Hallmark commercial
The whole affair , true story or not , feels incredibly hokey ...
The whole affair , true story or not , feels incredibly hokey
The whole damn thing is ripe for the Jerry Springer crowd . It 's all pretty cynical and condescending , too .
The whole damn thing is ripe for the Jerry Springer crowd .
it has no sense of humor ...
it has no sense of humor
it has the temerity to run over two hours
it has no sense of humor ... it 's just plain bored
it implodes in a series of very bad special effects
it holds even less when it turns into an elegiacally soggy Saving Private Ryanovich
a sad aristocrat in tattered finery
a sales tool
a sad , soggy potboiler that wastes the talents of its attractive young leads
a sad , sordid universe
a sad , soggy potboiler
racist Japanese jokes
racist portraits
quite vapid
racist
quite simply , should n't have been made
`` Serving Sara '' has n't much more to serve than silly fluff
`` SNL '' has-been
hate -- about the movie biz
I 'd have to say the star and director are the big problems here
mostly plays it straight , turning Leys ' fable into a listless climb down the social ladder .
mostly routine
Cuaron repeatedly
charged , but ultimately lacking in substance , not to mention dragged down by a leaden closing act
charged , but ultimately lacking in substance , not to mention dragged down by a leaden closing act .
the Hollywood ` suits ' trying to put together the cast and filmmaking team for the all-too - inevitable American remake
I 'd give real money to see the perpetrators of Chicago torn apart by dingoes .
superficial midlife crisis
, if uneven ,
less compelling the farther it meanders from its shocking start
less plausible
less compelling
focusing on eccentricity but failing , ultimately , to make something bigger out of its scrapbook of oddballs
the Bond franchise has run into a creative wall that 007 can not fly over
artless
artless sytle
the underdog sports team formula redux
shake up the mix , and work in something that does n't feel like a half-baked stand-up routine
shake the feeling that it was intended to be a different kind of film
nothing 's happening
an awful sour taste
not-quite jokes
not-quite
Return to Never Land may be another shameless attempt by Disney to rake in dough from baby boomer families
Return to Never Land may be another shameless attempt by Disney to rake in dough from baby boomer families ,
Return to Never Land may be another shameless attempt by Disney to rake in dough from baby boomer families , but
Resident Evil is n't a product of its cinematic predecessors so much as an MTV , sugar hysteria , and PlayStation cocktail .
your typical junkie opera
director Sara Sugarman stoops to having characters drop their pants for laughs and not the last time
has ever suspected Hollywood of being overrun by corrupt and hedonistic weasels
A morose little soap opera about three vapid , insensitive people who take
The pacing is deadly , the narration helps little
visualize schizophrenia
, its story was making no sense at all
been readily dismissed as the tiresome rant of an aging filmmaker still thumbing his nose at convention
been recycled more times than I 'd care to count
been replaced by the bottom of the barrel
throws away the goodwill the first half of his movie generates by orchestrating a finale that is impenetrable and dull .
throws in a fish-out-of-water gag
thrown-together
thrown-together feel
throws away the goodwill the first half of his movie generates by orchestrating a finale that is impenetrable and dull
throws a bunch of hot-button items in the viewer 's face and asks to be seen as hip , winking social commentary
Not really bad so much as distasteful : We need kidnapping suspense dramas right now like we need doomsday thrillers .
Not once does it come close to being exciting .
Not only does the movie fail to make us part of its reality
Not only does the movie fail to make us part of its reality , it fails the most basic relevancy test as well .
Not only is it hokey
Not only is it hokey , manipulative and as bland as Wonder Bread dipped in milk , but it also does the absolute last thing we need Hollywood doing to us : It preaches .
Not only unfunny , but downright repellent
Not only unfunny , but downright repellent .
Not really bad so much as distasteful
The animation and game phenomenon that peaked about three years ago is actually dying a slow death , if the poor quality of Pokemon 4 Ever is any indication .
, its apparent glee is derived from a lobotomy , having had all its vital essence scooped out and discarded .
The pacing is deadly , the narration helps little and
as a slight , weightless fairy tale , whose most unpleasant details seem to melt away in the face of the character 's blank-faced optimism
as a recording of conversations at the Wal-Mart checkout line
as a retooling of Fahrenheit 451 , and even as a rip-off of The Matrix
Britney 's cutoffs
Calling this movie brainless would be paying it a compliment : it 's more like entertainment for trolls .
premise , mopes through a dreary tract of virtually plotless meanderings and then ends with a whimper
premise , mopes through a dreary tract of virtually plotless meanderings and
premise , mopes through a dreary tract of virtually plotless meanderings
Antonio Banderas and Lucy Liu never comes together
Ethan Hawke would be even worse behind the camera than he is in front of it
Ethan Hawke has always fancied himself the bastard child of the Beatnik generation and it 's all over his Chelsea Walls .
you can tolerate the redneck-versus-blueblood cliches that the film trades in
death .
pretentious , untalented artistes who enjoy moaning about their cruel fate
its logical loopholes ,
its logical loopholes , which fly by so fast there 's no time to think about them anyway
its low groan-to-guffaw ratio
sketchy characters and immature provocations
embody the worst excesses of nouvelle vague without any of its sense of fun or energy
It would take a complete moron to foul up a screen adaptation of Oscar Wilde 's classic satire .
the picture emerges as a surprisingly anemic disappointment .
suck as an actress
like Bruce Springsteen 's gone-to-pot Asbury Park , New Jersey , this sad-sack waste of a movie is a City of ruins .
something seems to be missing
something that is ultimately suspiciously familiar
been-told-a - thousand-times
How can such a cold movie claim to express warmth and longing ? In truth , it has all the heart of a porno flick ( but none of the sheer lust )
How can such a cold movie claim to express warmth and
than this oddly cheerful -- but not particularly funny -- body-switching farce
than this mess
than what 's been cobbled together onscreen
sold-out concept
of intoxicating atmosphere and little else
as dull
neo-fascism
fool
fondness for fancy split-screen , stuttering editing and pompous references to wittgenstein and kirkegaard
never achieve the popularity of My Big Fat Greek Wedding
, though somewhat weakened by a miscast leading lady .
be his most demented film to date
tough to watch
supposedly funny movie
time-consuming
the pratfalls but little else
the power-lunchers do n't care to understand
the preposterous hairpiece worn by Lai 's villainous father to the endless action sequences
be just as frightening and disturbing -- even punishing
supremely unfunny and unentertaining
Dull , lifeless , and amateurishly assembled .
bleak and
bleak and desperate
blemishes
Due to some script weaknesses and the casting of the director 's brother , the film trails off into inconsequentiality .
taking another bummer of a wrong turn
a 20-car pileup
a 1986 Harlem that does n't look much like anywhere in New York
taking a child younger than middle school age to this wallow in crude humor
an appalling ` Ace Ventura ' rip-off
an appalling ` Ace Ventura ' rip-off that somehow manages to bring together Kevin Pollak , former wrestler Chyna and Dolly Parton
filled with scams
filled with scams within scams
takes way too many years to resolve to be a total winner
takes what worked last time , repeats it and adds more characters , more stunts , more stuff in attempt to camouflage its sameness .
takes what worked last time , repeats it and adds more characters , more stunts , more stuff in attempt to camouflage its sameness
you realize that it is made up of three episodes of a rejected TV show .
garish showcase
gargantuan leaps of faith just to watch it
eerily convincing as this bland blank of a man with unimaginable demons
tired one
tiresomely
tiring in no time at all
a sucker-punch
third-rate horror sequels
this Cliff Notes edition is a cheat
paper thin
paper bag to wear over his head when he goes out into public , to avoid being recognized as the man who bilked unsuspecting moviegoers
shrewd enough to activate girlish tear ducts does n't mean it 's good enough for our girls
shrewd enough
spooky action-packed trash of the highest order
who ca n't come up with legitimate funny
spooky action-packed trash
who bilked unsuspecting moviegoers
the old MIB label stands for Milder Is n't Better
, The Grey Zone attempts to be grandiloquent , but ends up merely pretentious -- in a grisly sort of way .
, Son of the Bride becomes an exercise in trying to predict when a preordained `` big moment '' will occur and not `` if . ''
, Stealing Harvard is a smorgasbord of soliloquies about nothing delivered by the former Mr. Drew Barrymore .
On its icy face , the new film is a subzero version of Monsters , Inc . , without the latter 's imagination , visual charm or texture .
spends 90 minutes trying figure out whether or not some cocky pseudo-intellectual kid has intentionally left college or was killed .
a large human tragedy . Alas
maybe it 'll be on video by then
a lame kiddie flick
a large human tragedy .
me feel uneasy , even queasy , because ( Solondz 's ) cool compassion
me to care about what happened in 1915 Armenia ? No . And that is where Ararat went astray
a laugh . The problem
wrong hands
that I would have liked it much more if Harry & Tonto never existed
Hungry-Man portions of bad '
Hungry-Man portions of bad
Human Nature , in short , is n't nearly as funny as it thinks it is ; neither is it as smart .
Human Nature , in short , is n't nearly as funny as it thinks it is ; neither is it as smart
Tuck Everlasting falls victim to that everlasting conundrum experienced by every human who ever lived : too much to do , too little time to do it in .
as stick figures reading lines from a TelePrompTer
as stiff , ponderous and charmless as a mechanical apparatus
as stiff , ponderous and charmless
as such the film has a difficult time shaking its Blair Witch Project real-time roots
as stomach-turning as the way Adam Sandler 's new movie rapes
of Fuhrman 's destructive escapism
the holocaust
false and fabricated
false and
falls victim to that everlasting conundrum experienced by every human who ever lived : too much to do , too little time to do it in .
falls victim to frazzled wackiness and frayed satire
falls under the category of ` should have been a sketch on Saturday Night Live . '
Lawrence 's over-indulgent tirade
faltering
a mere excuse for the wan , thinly sketched story . Killing time , that 's all that 's going on here
a mere excuse
a mess as this one
a mess from start to finish
siren
sinner
that it also makes her appear foolish and shallow rather than , as was more likely , a victim of mental illness
that it churns up not one but two flagrantly fake thunderstorms to underscore the action
( and fairly unbelievable )
a disturbing ` Great White Hope ' undertone
locales
treads predictably
a flop with the exception of about six gags that really work
It 's often faintly amusing , but
takes a really long , slow and dreary time to dope out what TUCK EVERLASTING is about . So here it is
It 's one long bore .
director Davis
tries too hard to be hip
Miramax should have hidden it from everyone .
Miller 's hand often feels unsure .
Milder Is n't Better
A baffling subplot involving smuggling drugs inside Danish cows falls flat , and
A baffling mixed platter of gritty realism and magic realism with a hard-to-swallow premise .
A baffling subplot
of carnage
A backhanded ode to female camaraderie penned by a man who has little clue about either the nature of women or of friendship .
of clichés and borrowed images
A baffling mixed platter of gritty realism and magic realism with a hard-to-swallow premise
see a better thriller this year
It could have been something special , but two things drag it down to mediocrity -- director Clare Peploe 's misunderstanding of Marivaux 's rhythms , and Mira Sorvino 's limitations as a classical actress
It could have been something special , but two things drag it down to mediocrity -- director Clare Peploe 's misunderstanding of Marivaux 's rhythms , and Mira Sorvino 's limitations as a classical actress .
It desperately wants to be a wacky , screwball comedy , but
It dabbles all around , never gaining much momentum .
It desperately wants to be a wacky , screwball comedy
It desperately wants to be a wacky , screwball comedy , but the most screwy thing here is how so many talented people were convinced to waste their time
It desperately wants to be a wacky , screwball comedy , but the most screwy thing here is how so many talented people were convinced to waste their time .
locked in an ongoing game of cat-and-cat
there 's something awfully deadly about any movie with a life-affirming message
never get the audience to break through the wall her character erects
consider taking a child younger than middle school age to this wallow in crude humor .
consider taking a child younger than middle school age to this wallow in crude humor
consider a different destination -- some jolly country embroiled in a bloody civil war , perhaps
, breath-taking mess
, bitter black comedy .
comes off as a pale successor .
comes off as insultingly simplistic
whose lives were as claustrophic , suffocating and chilly as the attics to which they were inevitably consigned
whose portrait of a therapy-dependent flakeball
out-shock , out-outrage or out-depress its potential audience
unconscious
, Ghost Ship is pretty landbound , with its leaden acting , dull exposition and telegraphed ` surprises . '
, FearDotCom should log a minimal number of hits
, Hollywood Ending is a depressing experience
, Hartley created a monster but did n't know how to handle it .
, Grant and Bullock 's characters are made for each other . But you 'd never guess that from the performances .
, Hollywood is sordid and disgusting . Quelle surprise !
, the subject matter goes nowhere .
, the tale -- like its central figure , Vivi -- is just a little bit hard to love .
, the viewer is left puzzled by the mechanics of the delivery
, the writing is indifferent , and Jordan Brady 's direction is prosaic .
good intentions leads to the video store
cultural , sexual and social discord
sinister
undermines the possibility for an exploration of the thornier aspects of the nature\/nurture argument in regards to homosexuality
undermines the possibility for an exploration of the thornier aspects of the nature\/nurture argument in regards
undermines the story 's continuity and progression
Far-fetched premise , convoluted plot , and thematic mumbo jumbo about destiny and redemptive
languorous slo-mo sequences
no timeout
no signs of life
no way to entertain or inspire its viewers
which is in more abundant supply in this woefully hackneyed movie , directed by Scott Kalvert , about street gangs and turf wars in 1958 Brooklyn -- stale cliches , gratuitous violence , or empty machismo
sinister , though not nearly so sinister as the biennial Disney girl movie )
scared ? only at the prospect of beck 's next project . let 's see , a haunted house , a haunted ship , what 's next ... ghost blimp
of a self-destructive man
no plot in this Antonio Banderas-Lucy Liu faceoff
is clear : Not easily and , in the end , not well enough
is clever enough , though thin writing proves its undoing
is clumsy
that even Yu 's high-energy action stylings ca n't break through the stupor
that even a high school senior taking his or her first psychology class could dismiss them
that ends up festooning U . S . art house screens for no reason other than the fact that it 's in French ( well , mostly ) with English subtitles and is magically ` significant ' because of that
that even an ambitious adaptation and elaborate production like Mr . Schepisi 's seems skimpy and unclear
that even its target audience talked all the way through it
Alias Betty is predictable
to let this morph into a typical romantic triangle
was so weak
mistake Love Liza for an Adam Sandler Chanukah song
mistaken-identity
mistake it for an endorsement of the very things that Bean abhors
mistake it for a sketchy work-in-progress that was inexplicably rushed to the megaplexes before its time
the finished product 's unshapely look
bother with a contemptible imitator starring a `` SNL '' has-been acting like an 8-year-old channeling Roberto Benigni
bother with a contemptible imitator starring a `` SNL '' has-been acting like an 8-year-old channeling Roberto Benigni ?
treads predictably along familiar territory , making it a passable family film that wo n't win many fans over the age of 12
staring at a blank screen
stare and sniffle , respectively , as Ledger attempts , in vain , to prove that movie-star intensity can overcome bad hair design .
stare and sniffle , respectively , as Ledger attempts , in vain , to prove that movie-star intensity can overcome bad hair design
stare and sniffle
plods along methodically , somehow under the assumption that its `` dead wife communicating from beyond the grave '' framework is even remotely new or interesting
plods along methodically , somehow under the assumption that its `` dead wife communicating from beyond the grave '' framework is even remotely new or interesting .
poetically states at one point in this movie that we `` do n't care about the truth .
grow boring ... which proves that Rohmer still has a sense of his audience
the outer limits of raunch
improvise and scream their way around this movie directionless , lacking any of the rollicking dark humor so necessary
improvise and scream their way around this movie directionless , lacking any of the rollicking dark humor so necessary to make this kind of idea work on screen
improvised on a day-to-day basis during production
by predictable plotting and tiresome histrionics
wastes its time on mood rather than riding with the inherent absurdity of Ganesh 's rise up the social ladder
wastes its time on mood rather than riding with the inherent absurdity of Ganesh 's rise up the social ladder .
than a movie , which normally is expected to have characters and a storyline
so unsympathetic
than a particularly slanted , gay s\/m fantasy
the wobbly premise work
on the modern B-scene : neither as funny nor as clever
it 's a boom-box of a movie that might have been titled ` the loud and the ludicrous ' ...
it 's a boom-box of a movie that might have been titled ` the loud and the ludicrous '
smeary and blurry , to the point of distraction
to a climax that 's scarcely a surprise by the time
my crappola radar
, John Q . is a bad movie appearing on behalf of a good cause .
, I would recommend Big Bad Love only to Winger fans who have missed her since 1995 's Forget Paris . But even then , I 'd recommend waiting for DVD and just skipping straight to her scenes .
, Jason is about as convincing on the sci-fi front as TV 's defunct Cleopatra 2525 .
, Jane Goodall 's Wild Chimpanzees is short on the thrills the oversize medium demands .
a miserable relationship unfold
a miserable relationship unfold in real time
a mistake to go see it
a misdemeanor , a flat , unconvincing drama that never catches fire
The movie has a script ( by Paul Pender ) made of wood , and
The movie has a script ( by Paul Pender ) made of wood ,
The movie gets muted and routine .
The movie feels like it 's going to be great , and it carries on feeling that way for a long time , but takeoff just never happens .
The movie feels like it 's going to be great , and it carries on feeling that way for a long time , but takeoff just never happens
one cogent point , unless it 's that life stinks
one coincidence pummels another
only those most addicted to film violence in all its forms
is an hour and a half of daydreaming
is an unapologetic mess , whose only saving grace is that it ends by blowing just about everything up
is an unapologetic mess , whose only saving grace is that it ends by blowing just about everything up .
you 'll have to wrestle disbelief to the ground and then apply the chloroform-soaked handkerchief .
is that The Truth About Charlie gets increasingly tiresome .
is that The Truth About Charlie gets increasingly tiresome
is taking another bummer of a wrong turn
is that , having created an unusually vivid set of characters worthy of its strong cast , the film flounders when it comes to giving them something to do
is taking another bummer of a wrong turn .
is that he obviously does n't have his heart in it
unbearably lame .
ultimately defeated the film ... It was the unfulfilling , incongruous , `` wait a second
unassuming , subordinate
that make Williams sink into melancholia
An overstuffed compendium of teen-Catholic-movie dogma .
An ultra-low-budget
unbelievable naïveté and arbitrary flashbacks
two things drag it down to mediocrity -- director Clare Peploe 's misunderstanding of Marivaux 's rhythms , and Mira Sorvino 's limitations as a classical actress
An overblown clunker full of bad jokes , howling cliches and by-the-numbers action sequences .
An overemphatic , would-be wacky , ultimately tedious sex farce .
An overstuffed compendium
An overstuffed compendium of teen-Catholic-movie dogma
wind up using them as punching bags
winds up feeling like a great missed opportunity
winds up feeling like a great missed opportunity .
an autopsy , the movie
embarrassed
tend to be cliches whose lives are never fully explored
There 's a solid woman - finding-herself story somewhere in here , but you 'd have to dig pretty deep to uncover it
There 's an audience for it , but it could have been funnier and more innocent
salaciously simplistic .
clinical ,
Hoffman waits too long to turn his movie in an unexpected direction , and even then his tone retains a genteel , prep-school quality that feels dusty and leatherbound
Hoffman waits too long to turn his movie in an unexpected direction , and even then his tone retains a genteel , prep-school quality that feels dusty and leatherbound .
Hoffman waits too long to turn his movie in an unexpected direction , and
Hoffman 's quirks and mannerisms , particularly his penchant for tearing up on cue -- things that seem so real in small doses -- become annoying and artificial .
Dog Soldiers does n't transcend genre
screwing things up old school
familiar situations and repetitive scenes
matter how much he runs around and acts like a doofus
material never overcomes its questionable satirical ambivalence
that maybe she , Janine and Molly -- an all-woman dysfunctional family -- deserve one another
I feel sorry for Madonna .
that miss
Further sad evidence
Further sad evidence that Tom Tykwer , director of the resonant and sense-spinning Run Lola Run , has turned out to be a one-trick pony
Full Frontal , which opens today nationwide , could almost be classified as a movie-industry satire , but it lacks the generous inclusiveness that is the genre 's definitive , if disingenuous , feature
Full Frontal , which opens today nationwide , could almost be classified as a movie-industry satire , but it lacks the generous inclusiveness that is the genre 's definitive , if disingenuous , feature .
determination to immerse you in sheer , unrelenting wretchedness
detached , uninvolving , possibly prompting audience members to wonder , ` What 's the point ? '
determine how well the schmaltz is manufactured -- to assess the quality of the manipulative engineering . Average , at best , I 'm afraid
detached , uninvolving ,
detached , uninvolving
detracts
Even with its $ 50-million US budget , Pinocchio never quite achieves the feel of a fanciful motion picture .
Every conceivable mistake
Every conceivable mistake a director could make in filming opera has been perpetrated here .
Every conceivable mistake a director could make in filming opera
watered-down
every possible angle has been exhausted by documentarians
nothing really happens
nothing delivered by the former Mr. Drew Barrymore
nothing fresh about Wannabes , which was written by Mr. DeMeo , who produced and directed the film with Charles A. Addessi , much of the time
nothing but boilerplate clichés from start to finish
some idea of the glum , numb experience of watching O Fantasma
Its inescapable absurdities are tantamount to insulting the intelligence of anyone who has n't been living under a rock ( since Sept . 11 ) .
watching your favorite pet get buried alive
Its appeal will probably limited to LDS Church members and undemanding armchair tourists .
Its audacious ambitions sabotaged by pomposity , Steven Soderbergh 's space opera emerges as a numbingly dull experience .
Its audacious ambitions sabotaged by pomposity
Its inescapable absurdities
Its impressive images of crematorium chimney fires and stacks of dead bodies are undermined by the movie 's presentation , which is way too stagy .
( Tries ) to parody a genre that 's already a joke in the United States . The movie is the equivalent of French hip-hop , which also seems to play on a 10-year delay .
( Toback 's ) fondness for fancy split-screen , stuttering editing and pompous references to Wittgenstein and Kirkegaard ... blends uneasily with the titillating material
( Toback 's ) fondness for fancy split-screen , stuttering editing and pompous references to Wittgenstein and Kirkegaard ... blends uneasily with the titillating material .
( a remake ) do anything as stomach-turning as the way Adam Sandler 's new movie rapes , pillages and incinerates Frank Capra 's classic
dwindles .
The characterizations and dialogue lack depth or complexity , with the ironic exception of Scooter .
is painfully foolish in trying to hold onto what 's left of his passe ' chopsocky glory .
is painfully foolish in trying to hold onto what 's left of his passe ' chopsocky glory
is paper-thin and decidedly unoriginal
the dullest kiddie flicks
Again swings between false sentiment and unfunny madcap comedy and , along the way , expects the audience to invest in the central relationship as some kind of marriage of true minds .
is painfully bad , a fourth-rate Jim Carrey who does n't understand the difference between dumb fun and just plain dumb .
is painfully bad , a fourth-rate Jim Carrey who does n't understand the difference between dumb fun and just plain dumb
unfunny and unoriginal mess
at once clueless and
unfortunate in light of the fine work done by most of the rest of her cast
unfortunate title
unfortunately , is a little too in love with its own cuteness
unfortunately , outnumber the hits by three-to-one .
unfortunately , the movie is nowhere near as refined as all the classic dramas it borrows from
unfortunately also
that does n't reveal even a hint of artifice
go for the usual obvious laughs at the expense of cheap-looking monsters
gone too commercial
that do n't care about being stupid
that director Sara Sugarman stoops to having characters drop their pants for laughs and not the last time
want my money back
had a serious urge to grab the old lady at the end of my aisle 's walker and toss it at the screen in frustration
had a bad run in the market or a costly divorce , because there is no earthly reason other than money why this distinguished actor would stoop so low
had a lot of problems with this movie .
had a bad run in the market or a costly divorce
had a bad run in the market or a costly divorce ,
of Pluto Nash '' is a big time stinker
which presses familiar Herzog tropes into the service of a limpid and conventional historical fiction , when really what we demand of the director
which somehow snagged an Oscar nomination
which ticks off Kahlo 's lifetime milestones with the dutiful precision of a tax accountant
which suffers from a lackluster screenplay
If swimfan does catch on , it may be because teens are looking for something to make them laugh .
If ever such a dependable concept was botched in execution
If ever a concept came handed down from the movie gods on a silver platter , this is it . If ever such a dependable concept was botched in execution , this is it .
If only it were , well , funnier .
If routine action and jokes like this are your cup of tea , then pay your $ 8 and get ready for the big shear . This is one baaaaaaaaad movie .
If routine action and jokes like this are your cup of tea , then pay your $ 8 and get ready for the big shear .
is if you have a case of masochism and an hour and a half to blow .
is if you have a case of masochism and an hour and a half to blow
is hugely overwritten , with tons and tons of dialogue -- most of it given to children .
is hugely overwritten , with tons and tons of dialogue -- most of it given to children
is hugely overwritten ,
is hugely overwritten
is how so many talented people were convinced to waste their time
shake your head
shaggy human tale
shake a severed limb
shake your head in disbelief -- and worry about what classic Oliver Parker intends to mangle next time
shake your head in disbelief
shake your head in disbelief --
It 's a slow slog to get there .
It 's a slow slog to get there
no affinity for most of the characters . Nothing about them is attractive .
no bearing on the story
no charm ,
no charm
this clever idea is far less funny than the original , Killers From Space .
this clunker has somehow managed to pose as an actual feature movie , the kind that charges full admission and gets hyped on TV and purports to amuse small children and ostensible adults .
this clunker
this costly dud is a far cry from either the book or the beloved film
this costly dud
this could be the worst thing Soderbergh has ever done .
this crude '70s throwback
this cross-cultural soap opera is painfully formulaic and stilted .
is a vulgar
is a waste of De Niro , McDormand and the other good actors in the cast
is a whole lot of nada .
is a whole lot of nada
white-on-black racism
the timeless danger of emotions repressed
with swaggering machismo and over-the-top lunacy
stuffy and pretentious
stultifying
studiously inoffensive
studio hack
stuffy and
the movie with a shred of plausibility , not an event that is believable , not a confrontation that is not staged , not a moment that is not false
just feels generic , derivative and done to death
more confused , less interesting and more
more confused , less interesting and more sloppily
more confused , less interesting
more confused
more confused ,
more chaotic than entertaining
the frustrated maniac
the frenzied comic moments never click
covers huge , heavy topics in a bland , surfacey way that does n't offer any insight into why , for instance , good things happen to bad people
covers huge , heavy topics in a bland , surfacey way that does n't offer any insight into why , for instance , good things happen to bad people .
cowardly
just how ridiculous and money-oriented
wants to blend politics and drama , an admirable ambition . It 's too bad that the helping hand he uses to stir his ingredients is also a heavy one
instead of kicking off the intrigue and suspense and mystery of the whole thing
instead of kicking off the intrigue and suspense and mystery of the whole thing ,
instantly forgettable and thoroughly dull
instead of a title
instantly forgettable
instantly forgettable and
The skirmishes for power waged among victims and predators settle into an undistinguished rhythm of artificial suspense .
the movie with a shred of plausibility , not an event that is believable , not a confrontation that is not staged
the movie with a shred of plausibility , not an event that is believable , not a confrontation that is not staged ,
can depress you about life itself .
can depress you about life itself
deuces wild is an encyclopedia of cliches that shoplifts shamelessly from farewell-to-innocence movies like the wanderers and a bronx tale without cribbing any of their intelligence .
deuces wild is an encyclopedia of cliches that shoplifts shamelessly from farewell-to-innocence movies like the wanderers and a bronx tale without cribbing any of their intelligence
entertainment for trolls
most impossibly dry
has plenty of laughs . It just does n't have much else ... especially
has one strike against it
has one of the most moronic screenplays of the year , full of holes that will be obvious even to those who are n't looking for them .
the musty scent
a great movie it is not
a great shame that such a talented director as Chen Kaige has chosen to make his English-language debut with a film
for Wilson to play his self-deprecating act against Murphy 's well-honed prima donna
The movie takes itself too seriously and ,
The movie straddles the fence between escapism and social commentary , and on both sides it falls short
The movie straddles the fence between escapism and social commentary ,
The movie takes itself too seriously
The movie takes itself too seriously and
The movie straddles the fence between escapism and social commentary , and on both sides it falls short .
The movie succumbs to being nothing more than a formulaic chase in the dark .
class warfare
Stupid , infantile , redundant , sloppy , over-the-top , and
Stupid , infantile , redundant , sloppy , over-the-top , and amateurish . Yep
as obvious as telling a country skunk
anti-
another weepy Southern bore-athon .
another unoriginal run of the mill sci-fi film with a flimsy ending and lots of hype
preposterously melodramatic paean
This loud and thoroughly obnoxious comedy about a pair of squabbling working-class spouses
does n't offer audiences any way of gripping what its point is , or even its attitude toward its subject
does n't offer audiences any way of gripping what its point is , or even its attitude toward its subject .
does n't need Gangs of New York
does n't quite do justice to the awfulness of the movie , for that comes through all too painfully in the execution
does n't quite do justice to the awfulness of the movie , for that comes through all too painfully in the execution .
does n't offer much in terms of plot or acting
does n't offer much in terms of plot or acting .
does n't quite get there
does n't quite make the cut of being placed on any list of favorites
fascist past
lacks the skill or presence
's contrived and predictable
lacks the skill or presence to regain any ground
, perverted , sex-soaked riff
This long and relentlessly saccharine film is a clear case of preaching to the converted .
This loud and thoroughly obnoxious comedy
lacks the brawn -- and the brains -- of the 1970s original .
lacks the kind of dynamic
work yet , this girl-woman who sincerely believes she can thwart the world 's misery with blind good will .
At the one-hour mark , Herzog simply runs out of ideas and the pace turns positively leaden as the movie sputters to its inevitable tragic conclusion .
`` The Time Machine '' is a movie that has no interest in itself .
modest , snoozy charm
the worst revenge-of-the-nerds clichés the filmmakers could dredge up
her story has nothing fresh or very exciting about it
is n't much in the way of character development in the script
the worst sense of the expression
a cinematic postcard that 's superficial and unrealized
with tension
towards child abuse
uncompromising , difficult and
George Lucas has long forgotten
sights
of randomness usually achieved only by lottery drawing
is n't likely to rouse the Rush Hour crowd
is n't likely to rouse the Rush Hour crowd .
is allegedly `` inspired '' was a lot funnier and more deftly enacted than what 's been cobbled together onscreen
is absolutely and completely ridiculous and an insult to every family whose mother has suffered through the horrible pains of a death by cancer .
is absolutely and completely ridiculous and an insult to every family whose mother has suffered through the horrible pains of a death by cancer
is about as true to the spirit of the Festival of Lights as Mr. Deeds was to that of Frank Capra .
is almost certainly going to go down as the worst -- and only -- killer website movie of this or any other year
satire , too obviously hateful to be classified otherwise
of an oafish idiot impersonating an aristocrat
of an improbable thriller
of an unnecessary and clumsy last scene
of an unwieldy mess
the thinnest of margins
curse
current teen fare
irrelevant as on the engaging
irksome characters
irksome , tiresome nature
irreparably
law enforcement , and a visceral , nasty journey
deform families
deform families , then
deform families ,
deform families , then tear them apart
treading desperately in a nasty sea
charge money for this ? '
cheapening it
cheapening
cheats on itself and retreats to comfortable territory .
cheats on itself and retreats to comfortable territory
check your pulse .
out clever but veers into overkill
teen-driven , toilet-humor codswallop
horrified
horrific movie
horribly wrong , nothing will
horribly depressing and not very well done
horribly depressing and not
horribly depressing and
festooning U.S. art house screens for no reason other than the fact that it 's in French ( well , mostly ) with English subtitles
, diverting fluff
'm not exactly sure what -- and has all the dramatic weight of a raindrop
unaware that it 's the butt of its own joke
unable to reproduce the special spark between the characters that made the first film such a delight
, do n't settle for this Imposter .
ultra-violent gangster wannabe
kept much of the plot but jettisoned the stuff that would make this a moving experience for people who have n't read the book
longer exposition sequences between them
longer to heal : the welt on Johnny Knoxville 's stomach
longing ? In truth , it has all the heart of a porno flick ( but none of the sheer lust )
taxing every drop of one 's patience to get to the good stuff
puts enough salt into the wounds of the tortured and self-conscious material
too-facile coincidence
too-facile
took out all the good stuff
is sappy and amateurish
failing ,
even less surprises
even more indistinct
even lazier
even lazier and
even lazier and far less enjoyable
those responsible did n't cut their losses -- and ours -- and retitle it The Adventures of Direct-to-Video Nash , and send it to its proper home
While not quite '' Shrek '' or Monsters , Inc . ''
has run out of steam
Tiresomely derivative and hammily acted .
Time Out is as serious as a pink slip . And more than that , it 's an observant , unfussily poetic meditation about identity and alienation .
do n't bother
do n't believe in Santa Claus
do n't believe , and puts them into a battle of wills that is impossible to care about and is n't very funny
all looks and plays like a $ 40 million version of a game you 're more likely to enjoy on a computer .
then becomes unwatchable
then backed off when the producers saw the grosses for Spy Kids
cheatfully
check your brain
cheapen the overall effect .
cheapened
cheapened the artistry of making a film
then biting into it and finding the filling missing
check your brain at the door
then it 's the perfect cure for insomnia .
the empty stud knockabout of Equilibrium
the end result does no justice to the story itself .
I wanted to like much more than I actually did
Too lazy to take advantage of its semi-humorous premise .
Too leisurely paced
Too leisurely paced and
Too leisurely paced and visually drab for its own good
Too loud
Too loud ,
Too loud , too long
Too loud , too long and
` direct-to-video ' release
the supposed injustices
the supernatural trappings only obscure the message
the superficially written characters ramble on tediously about their lives , loves and the art
the surface histrionics failing to compensate for the paper-thin characterizations and facile situations
the surface histrionics
it 's not all new
it 's kind of insulting , both to men and women .
it 's inauthentic at its core
you could be doing something else far more pleasurable
pointless and
from the preposterous hairpiece worn by Lai 's villainous father to the endless action sequences
be an unendurable viewing experience for this ultra-provincial New Yorker
a gross-out quota for an anticipated audience demographic
be a most hard-hearted person
a guy dressed as a children 's party clown gets violently gang-raped ?
be Jaglomized is the Cannes Film Festival , the annual Riviera spree of flesh , buzz , blab and money
to be original , even though it rips off many of its ideas .
's no energy
McKay shows crushingly little curiosity about , or is ill-equipped to examine , the interior lives of the characters in his film , much less incorporate them into his narrative .
Maybe you 'll be lucky , and there 'll be a power outage during your screening so you can get your money back
Maybe you 'll be lucky , and there 'll be a power outage during your screening so you can get your money back .
this movie is hereby given fair warning
this movie is a phlegmatic bore , so tedious it makes the silly spy vs . spy film The Sum of All Fears
there is no sense .
there are very , very good reasons for certain movies to be sealed in a jar and left on a remote shelf indefinitely .
there is n't much there here .
there is n't one true ` Chan moment ' .
All I can say is fuhgeddaboutit .
aging Sandeman
Although it includes a fair share of dumb drug jokes and predictable slapstick
was so endlessly , grotesquely
this is classic nowheresville in every sense
oppressively gloomy techno-horror clambake
opts for a routine slasher film that was probably more fun to make than it is to sit through .
opts for a routine slasher film that was probably more fun to make than it is to sit through
option to slap her creators because they 're clueless and inept
ops , no matter how you spell it , it 's still a mistake to go see it .
Tarkovsky 's mostly male , mostly patriarchal debating societies
by shooting itself in the foot
blatant and sickening product placement
blatant derivativeness
blaxploitation shuck-and-jive sitcom
blazing guns , cheatfully filmed martial arts , disintegrating bloodsucker computer effects and jagged camera moves that serve no other purpose than to call attention to themselves
bleed it almost completely dry of humor , verve and fun
thriller as lazy as it is interminable
thriller as lazy
Potty-mouthed
looking for something hard with which to bludgeon myself unconscious
looking like the beaten , well-worn video box cover of seven years into the future
looking like the beaten , well-worn video box cover of seven years
looking like a bunch of talented thesps slumming it
looks as though Jay Roach directed the film from the back of a taxicab
The director knows how to apply textural gloss , but his portrait of sex-as-war is strictly sitcom .
The director mostly plays it straight , turning Leys ' fable into a listless climb down the social ladder .
hackneyed and
hackneyed and meanspirited
hackneyed and meanspirited storyline
hackneyed concepts
hackery
hackneyed , threadbare comic setups
is virtually unwatchable .
is very slow ( for obvious reasons )
is very slow
is virtually unwatchable
is violated
is very much of a mixed bag , with enough negatives
is very much of a mixed bag , with enough negatives to outweigh the positives .
scare
no atmosphere
no atmosphere ,
no atmosphere , no tension
no atmosphere , no tension -- nothing but Costner , flailing away
no better film
low-brow humor
low-brow humor ,
low-brow humor , gratuitous violence
low-brow humor , gratuitous violence and
low-brow humor , gratuitous violence and a disturbing disregard
low-budget affair
grim situation
constructed a film so labyrinthine that it defeats his larger purpose
of the discomfort and embarrassment of being a bumbling American in Europe
insipid script
insistent and repetitive
insipid
, overblown , and entirely implausible
, overblown and tie-in
, with a village idiot as the 007 clone
toilet-humor
, with half the demons , half the daring , much less talent , many fewer laughs .
infuriating about Full Frontal
unapologetically dumb
even if none of it makes a lick of sense
deny its seriousness and quality
a weary journalist
events that could easily crush it forever
in a giant pile of elephant feces
you think kissinger was a calculating fiend or just a slippery self-promoter
Try as I may , I ca n't think of a single good reason to see this movie , even though everyone in my group extemporaneously shouted , ` Thank you
Truly terrible
Truly terrible .
sour , nasty offering
sour , nasty
sour taste
sour cliche
Try as I may , I ca n't think of a single good reason to see this movie , even though everyone in my group extemporaneously shouted , ` Thank you !
Try as I may , I ca n't think of a single good reason to see this movie , even though everyone in my group extemporaneously shouted , ` Thank you ! '
you never want to see another car chase , explosion or gunfight again
before the built-in silliness of the whole affair defeats them
before going on to other films that actually tell a story worth caring about
tireless story
standard crime drama fare ... instantly forgettable and thoroughly dull
then ruins itself with too many contrivances and goofy situations .
authentically vague
too smart to ignore but a little too smugly superior to like , this
tired stereotypes
scant
saying too many clever things and getting into too many pointless situations
tired retread
what you get with empire is a movie you 've seen many times before , repackaged as new material because there is a latino in the lead
tiresome jokes
be laughing at Britney Spears ' movie-starring debut whenever it does n't have you impatiently squinting at your watch
tiresome jargon
that falls far short of the peculiarly moral amorality of ( Woo 's ) best work
that even an ambitious adaptation and elaborate production like Mr. Schepisi 's seems skimpy and unclear
that even the most jaded cinema audiences will leave the auditorium feeling dizzy , confused , and totally disorientated
tiresome cliché
fifty minutes of tedious adolescent melodramatics followed by thirty-five minutes of inflated nonsense .
fifty minutes of tedious adolescent melodramatics
tiresome as 9 seconds of Jesse Helms ' anti- Castro rhetoric , which are included
the slow parade
I ca n't say it 's on par with the first one
your film becomes boring , and your dialogue is n't smart
I Killed My Father
made all the more poignant by the incessant use of cell phones
mad , set-piece mad , style mad
mad , set-piece mad , style
like Bruce Springsteen 's gone-to-pot Asbury Park , New Jersey , this sad-sack waste of a movie is a City of ruins
albeit depressing
standard crime drama
, compromised and sad
As unseemly as its title
Patchy combination of soap opera
Patch Adams , for which he should not be forgiven . Why he was given free reign over this project -- he wrote , directed , starred and produced -- is beyond me
Dark , resonant
Dark and disturbing ,
Where Janice Beard falters in its recycled aspects , implausibility , and sags in pace
Where This was lazy but enjoyable , a formula comedy redeemed by its stars , That is even lazier and far less enjoyable .
prostituted muse
protect us from same
While Broomfield 's film does n't capture the effect of these tragic deaths on hip-hop culture
any recent film , independent or otherwise , that makes as much of a mess as this one
the weaknesses of ,
where feelings of marginalization loom for every dreamer with a burst bubble , The Dogwalker has a few characters and ideas , but it never manages to put them on the same path
where gay porn reaches for serious drama
where feelings of marginalization loom for every dreamer with a burst bubble , The Dogwalker has a few characters and ideas , but it never manages to put them on the same path .
where it all went wrong
where it should be profound , and hyper-cliched where it should be sincere
where it almost stops the blood flow to your brain
the weaknesses of , too many recent action-fantasy extravaganzas in which special effects overpower cogent story-telling and visual clarity during the big action sequences
would be an abridged edition
It 's an 88-minute highlight reel that 's 86 minutes too long .
the cumulative effect of the relentless horror on parade numbs the movie 's power as a work of drama
It 's all pretty tame . The most offensive thing about the movie is that Hollywood expects people to pay to see it .
would be a toss-up between presiding over the end of cinema as we know it and another night of delightful hand shadows .
It 's also curious to note that this film , like the similarly ill-timed Antitrust , is easily as bad at a fraction the budget .
would be a toss-up between presiding over the end of cinema as we know it and another night of delightful hand shadows
would be a lot better if it pared down its plots and characters to a few rather than dozens ... or if it were subtler ... or if it had a sense of humor
It 's an effort to watch this movie
would be a shame if this was your introduction to one of the greatest plays of the last 100 years
monotonous whine
A gob of drivel so sickly sweet , even the eager consumers of Moore 's pasteurized ditties
ultra-violent
's also stupider .
's also not very good
's always disappointing
's always disappointing when a documentary fails to live up to -- or offer any new insight into -- its chosen topic
's also too stupid
's also too stupid to realize that they 've already seen this exact same movie a hundred times
A gimmick in search of a movie : how to get Carvey into as many silly costumes and deliver as many silly voices as possible
the weight of too many story lines
the week blown up for the big screen
the weak payoff
the wheezing terrorist subplot
, it 'll probably be in video stores by Christmas , and it might just be better suited to a night in the living room than a night at the movies .
only superficially understands his characters
rather unfocused
rather than provocative
rather thin
rather thin moral
rather toothless
rather toothless take
rather unexceptional
at its laziest
at hostile odds with one another
the most offensive thing about the movie is that hollywood expects people to pay to see it
the most offensive thing about the movie
the most offensive thing
the most offensive
blue-light-special
, considering her inexperience and her subject matter
blue-light-special effects
Mean
bludgeon myself unconscious
asks disturbing questions
a lot better if it stuck to Betty Fisher and left out the other stories
a lame story
twisted shapes history
a lack of clarity and audacity that a subject as monstrous and pathetic as Dahmer
a lack of clarity and audacity
a lack
a laconic pace and a lack of traditional action
a laconic pace
a lack of traditional action
A lame comedy .
one would have to be mighty bored to even think of staying with this for more than , say , ten ... make that three minutes
one-joke movie
one whose target demographic is likely still in the single digits
one thing worse
one thing worse than Kevin Spacey trying on an Irish accent
mess that it feels less like bad cinema than like being stuck in a dark pit having a nightmare about bad cinema .
one-trick pony
even the corniest and most hackneyed contrivances
most navel-gazing film
Zoe Clarke-Williams 's lackluster thriller ''
viscerally repellent
Never quite transcends jokester status ... and the punchline does n't live up to Barry 's dead-eyed , perfectly chilled delivery .
New Best Friend should n't have gone straight to video ; it should have gone straight to a Mystery Science Theater 3000 video .
but a very handsomely produced let-down
at one man 's occupational angst and its subsequent reinvention , a terrifying study of bourgeois
at one man 's downfall , brought about by his lack of self-awareness
Frankly , it 's kind of insulting , both to men and women . And
Frankly , it 's kind of insulting , both to men and women .
Franco is an excellent choice for the walled-off but combustible hustler , but he does not give the transcendent performance SONNY needs to overcome gaps in character development and story logic .
Franco is an excellent choice for the walled-off but combustible hustler , but he does not give the transcendent performance SONNY needs to overcome gaps in character development and story logic
but disintegrates into a dreary , humorless soap opera
but disintegrates into a dreary , humorless soap opera .
By Numbers is like a couple of mediocre TV-movie
But they do n't fit well together
But the power of these ( subjects ) is obscured by the majority of the film that shows a stationary camera on a subject that could be mistaken for giving a public oration , rather than contributing to a film 's narrative .
may really need the company of others
lulling us into torpor
lukewarm . Maybe
lulling
lukewarm .
lumbering load
lumpen life
making the proceedings more bizarre than actually amusing
making the ambiguous ending seem goofy rather than provocative
making reference to other films and trying to be other films
making piffle for a long while
making no sense at all
making no sense
an overflowing septic tank
an overflowing septic
an overcooked souffl
an overcooked
the chaos of an urban conflagration
humor to cover up the yawning chasm where the plot should be
'' one of the film 's stars recently said , a tortuous comment that perfectly illustrates the picture 's moral schizophrenia .
its stupidity or
is too often like looking over the outdated clothes and plastic knickknacks at your neighbor 's garage sale
jostling against farce , thoughtful dialogue elbowed aside by one-liners , and a visual style that incorporates rotoscope animation for no apparent reason except , maybe
jostling against farce , thoughtful dialogue elbowed aside by one-liners , and a visual style that incorporates rotoscope animation for no apparent reason except ,
jostling against farce , thoughtful dialogue elbowed aside by one-liners , and a visual style that incorporates rotoscope animation for no apparent reason except , maybe , that it looks neat
jostling against farce , thoughtful dialogue elbowed aside by one-liners , and a visual style that incorporates rotoscope animation for no apparent reason except , maybe ,
which is worse : the poor acting by the ensemble cast , the flat dialogue by Vincent R. Nebrida or the gutless direction by Laurice Guillen
ploddingly sociological
tastelessness a bad rap
-- bowel movements than this long-on-the-shelf , point-and-shoot exercise in gimmicky crime drama
-- but bad --
-- but bad -- movie
-- but not very Imaxy
one big excuse to play one lewd scene after another
one big chase that seems to have no goal and no urgency
if this sappy script was the best the contest received , those rejected must have been astronomically bad .
if this sappy script was the best the contest received , those rejected must have been astronomically bad
if unintentionally dull in its lack of poetic frissons
if you 're going to subjugate truth to the tear-jerking demands of soap opera
'' starts out like a typical Bible killer story
most undeserving
most undeserving victim
most trouble
I do n't think I laughed out loud once . And when you 're talking about a slapstick comedy , that 's a pretty big problem .
a tap-dancing rhino
a tattered and ugly past with rose-tinted glasses
I do n't mind having my heartstrings pulled , but do n't treat me like a fool .
a low-budget movie in which inexperienced children play the two main characters
I did go back and check out the last 10 minutes , but
Wimps out by going for that PG-13 rating , so the more graphic violence is mostly off-screen and the sexuality is muted .
such a horrible movie
such a horrible movie could have sprung from such a great one
such a dungpile
Windtalkers does n't beat that one , either
such a stultifying
such a minute idea
Tense
each one of these people stand out and everybody else is in the background and it just seems manufactured to me and artificial
rather tired
shows crushingly little curiosity about
shows crushingly little curiosity about ,
pill to swallow
no affinity for most of the characters
no atmosphere , no tension -- nothing but Costner
that a prostitute can be as lonely and needy as any of the clients
A hamfisted romantic comedy
A hamfisted romantic comedy that makes our girl the hapless facilitator of an extended cheap shot across the Mason-Dixon line .
A hideous , confusing spectacle
A hideous , confusing spectacle , one that may well put the nail in the coffin of any future Rice adaptations
A hideous , confusing spectacle ,
A hideous , confusing spectacle , one that may well put the nail in the coffin of any future Rice adaptations .
get to an imitation movie
It 's a great deal of sizzle and very little steak . But
of two unrelated shorts that falls far short
the movie occasionally threatens to become didactic , but
poor Dana Carvey
poor -- if durable --
ponderously mope around trying to strike lightning
if you 've watched the far superior Nurse Betty or Sunset Boulevard . Even the unwatchable Soapdish is more original
if you do n't know anything about Derrida when you walk into the theater
if you 'll excuse a little critical heresy ,
if you 're more than six years old
where the story 's going
where the most notable observation is how long you 've been sitting still
where the thematic ironies are too obvious and the sexual politics too smug
What it lacks in originality
no disguising this as one of the worst films of the summer
or even keep your eyes open
the movie . Sorry , Charlie
or comprehensible
or destined to be completely forgotten
half-wit remake
half-wit
half the so-called real movies
The timing in nearly every scene seems a half beat off .
The title Trapped turns out to be a pretty fair description of how you feel while you 're watching this ultra-manipulative thriller .
The title 's lameness
The title 's lameness should clue you in on how bad the movie is .
This is a remake by the numbers , linking a halfwit plot to a series of standup routines in which Wilson and Murphy show how funny they could have been in a more ambitious movie .
poetically states at one point in this movie that we '' do n't care about the truth .
ploughing the same furrow
ploughing the same furrow once too often
poetically states at one point in this movie that we '' do n't care about the truth
makes the mix-and - match metaphors intriguing , while lulling us into torpor with his cultivated allergy
makes the grade as tawdry trash
makes the grade as tawdry trash .
too convenient
what 's going on here
pta proud yet
regurgitation
reheated Aliens
seems to be that all sexual desire disrupts life 's stasis .
especially because Half Past Dead is like The Rock on a Wal-Mart budget
tragic waste
A crude
Men with Brooms is distinctly ordinary
Mendes still does n't quite know how to fill a frame . Like the Hanks character , he 's a slow study : The action is stilted and the tabloid energy embalmed .
a long , unfunny one
a long , unfunny one at that
begins to seem as long as the two year affair which is its subject
begins to resemble the shapeless , grasping actors ' workshop that it is .
begins to resemble the shapeless , grasping actors ' workshop that it is
begins to resemble the shapeless ,
begins to fade from memory
but mush-hearted .
the word -- neither is incompetent , incoherent or just plain crap
Despite its dry wit and compassion , the film suffers from a philosophical emptiness and maddeningly sedate pacing .
At a time when we 've learned the hard way just how complex international terrorism is , Collateral Damage paints an absurdly simplistic picture .
each other also is difficult to fathom
is unlikely to demonstrate the emotional clout to sweep U.S. viewers off their feet .
is ultimately quite unengaging .
is ugly to look at and not a Hollywood product
is virtually without context -- journalistic or historical
is very , very far from the one most of us inhabit
neither do cliches , no matter how ` inside ' they are .
neither can I think of a very good reason to rush right out and see it
neither as romantic nor as thrilling as it should be
negative
a formula comedy
A mimetic approximation of better films
nonetheless it drags during its 112-minute length
fistfights , and car chases , this movie is a phlegmatic bore , so tedious it makes the silly spy vs . spy film The Sum of All Fears , starring Ben Affleck , seem downright Hitchcockian .
gibberish
under the skin of a man who has just lost his wife
Not exaggerated enough to be a parody of gross-out flicks , college flicks , or even flicks in general . It merely indulges in the worst elements of all of them .
But if the essence of magic is its make-believe promise of life that soars above the material realm , this is the opposite of a truly magical movie .
the evening to end
An unholy mess
An unfortunate title for a film that has nothing endearing about it .
An unfortunate title for a film that has nothing
An unfortunate title
An uneasy mix of run-of-the-mill raunchy humor and seemingly sincere personal reflection .
An uneasy mix of run-of-the-mill raunchy humor and seemingly sincere personal reflection
An uneasy mix
An undistinguished attempt to make a classic theater piece cinematic .
An undistinguished attempt to make a classic theater piece
An ugly , revolting movie .
is hard to tell who is chasing who or why
is headed down the toilet with the ferocity of a frozen burrito after an all-night tequila bender
is hell
that is flawed , compromised and sad
that is , more often then not , difficult and sad
that is a self-glorified Martin Lawrence lovefest .
not too filling
not to mention inappropriate and wildly undeserved
not to mention dragged down by a leaden closing act
not to be a sucker for its charms
ultimately cowardly
ultimately dulls the human tragedy at the story 's core
kept Cameron Diaz a prisoner in a cage with her ape ,
kept wishing I was watching a documentary about the wartime Navajos and what they accomplished instead of all this specious Hollywood hoo-ha .
kept thinking over and over again , ' I should be enjoying this . '
slain rappers
to jump ship in January to avoid ridiculous schlock like this shoddy suspense thriller
in the `` soon-to-be-forgettable '' section of the quirky rip-off prison
in the end an honorable , interesting failure
in the kind of prechewed racial clichés that have already been through the corporate stand-up-comedy mill
slaloming through its hackneyed elements
own placid way
on the banality and hypocrisy of too much kid-vid
on the amateurish
is an inexpressible and drab wannabe looking for that exact niche .
is an insultingly inept and artificial examination of grief and its impacts upon the relationships of the survivors
is an insultingly inept and artificial examination of grief and its impacts upon the relationships of the survivors .
is an entirely foreign concept
but at the heart of more universal concerns
is an unschooled comedy like Stealing Harvard , which fails to keep 80 minutes from seeming like 800
It 's not as awful as some of the recent Hollywood trip tripe ... but it 's far from a groundbreaking endeavor .
to the growing , moldering pile of , well , extreme stunt
leave the theater with a lower I.Q. than when I had entered
leave the auditorium feeling dizzy , confused , and totally disorientated
least favourite emotions
leave a large dog alone
leave you wanting to abandon the theater
leave you cold
that he 's spiffing up leftovers that are n't so substantial or fresh
Ghandi gone bad
to pump life into overworked elements from Eastwood 's Dirty Harry period
Director Charles Stone III applies more detail to the film 's music than to the story line ;
Director Charles Stone III applies more detail to the film 's music than to the story line
very choppy and monosyllabic
still eludes Madonna and , playing a charmless witch
stiletto-stomps the life out
still lingers over every point until the slowest viewer grasps it
still feels counterproductive
still show virtually no understanding of it
still seems endless
that he refuses to evaluate his own work
however , having sucked dry the undead action flick formula , Blade II mutates into a gross-out monster movie with effects that are more silly than scary .
the doofus-on
but it 's difficult to shrug off the annoyance of that chatty fish
but it 's so poorly made , on all levels , that it does n't even qualify as a spoof of such
weirdly
a mean streak
riding with the inherent absurdity of Ganesh 's rise up the social ladder
ridiculous wig
Stealing Harvard is a smorgasbord of soliloquies about nothing delivered by the former Mr. Drew Barrymore .
rigged and sluggish
no level whatsoever for me
no level whatsoever
Stealing Harvard ca n't even do that much .
overstated
overpraised Elizabeth
paints a sad picture of the singles scene
decides whether it wants to be a black comedy , drama , melodrama or some combination of the three .
decidedly unoriginal
, flat drama
, flat and boring
, familiar and predictable
, exploitative , thoroughly unpleasant
, except to show fisticuffs in this sort of stop-go slow motion that makes the gang rumbles look like they 're being streamed
I know I would have liked it more if it had just gone that one step further
to know annoyingly self-involved people who speak in glib sentences that could have only come from the pen of a screenwriter
, for a movie that tries to be smart , it 's kinda dumb . And second , what 's with all the shooting ?
A bit of a downer and a little
A bit of a downer and a little over-dramatic at times ,
A bit of a downer and a little over-dramatic at times
A bit of a downer and a little over-dramatic at times , but
sit in neutral
particular dishonor
particularly joyless
, you should avoid this like the dreaded King Brown snake . Personally
The ill-conceived modern-day ending
gets too artsy in his American debut
gets too artsy in his American debut .
The impact of the Armenian genocide is diluted by too much stage business in the modern day .
getting harder and harder to ignore the fact that Hollywood is n't laughing with us , folks . It 's laughing at us
getting hit by a bus
pulpy core conceit
slain
Sandra Bullock and Hugh Grant make a great team , but this predictable romantic comedy should get a pink slip .
Sandra Bullock and Hugh Grant make a great team , but this predictable romantic comedy should get a pink slip
as padded as Allen 's jelly belly
oblivion
TV 's defunct Cleopatra 2525
Let 's cut to the consumer-advice bottom line
nothing outstanding about this film
Let 's cut to the consumer-advice bottom line : Stay home .
You could easily mistake it for a sketchy work-in-progress that was inexplicably rushed to the megaplexes before its time .
You expect more from director Michael Apted ( Enigma ) and screenwriter Nicholas Kazan ( Reversal of Fortune ) than this cliche pileup .
poorly acted , brain-slappingly bad ,
poorly acted , brain-slappingly bad
poorly acted , brain-slappingly bad , Harvard Man is ludicrous enough that it could become a cult classic .
poorly acted , brain-slappingly bad , Harvard Man
poorly dubbed dialogue and murky cinematography
This wretchedly unfunny wannabe comedy is inane and awful - no doubt , it 's the worst movie I 've seen this summer .
This wretchedly unfunny wannabe comedy is inane and awful - no doubt , it 's the worst movie I 've seen this summer
This wretchedly unfunny wannabe comedy is inane and awful -
This wretchedly unfunny wannabe comedy is inane and awful
This wretchedly unfunny wannabe comedy
This thing is just garbage .
This tale has been told and retold ; the races and rackets change , but the song remains the same .
strays past the two and a half mark
strays
strangling the life out
pulpy
Let 's hope -- shall we ? -- that the ` true story ' by which All the Queen 's Men is allegedly '' inspired '' was a lot funnier
This version 's no classic like its predecessor
pulpy concept
have eyes , ' but the sad schlock merchant of ` deadly friend
recalls
that goes wrong thanks to culture shock and a refusal to empathize with others
Bigelow offers some flashy twists and turns that occasionally fortify this turgid fable . But for the most part , The Weight of Water comes off as a two-way time-switching myopic mystery that stalls in its lackluster gear of emotional blandness
Bigelow handles the nuclear crisis sequences evenly but milks drama when she should be building suspense , and drags out too many scenes toward the end that should move quickly .
too crazy
its patchy construction
its own droll and
for their acting chops , but for their looks
a blandly cinematic surgical examination of what makes a joke a joke
a blandly cinematic surgical examination
that has nothing going for it other than its exploitive array of obligatory cheap
is n't my favorite
is n't nearly as captivating as the rowdy participants think it is .
is n't mainly suspense or excitement .
Slap her - she 's not funny ! No French people were harmed during the making of this movie , but they were insulted and the audience was put through torture for an hour and a half
is n't heated
is n't heated properly ,
is n't heated properly , so that it ends up
stoner midnight flick , sci-fi deconstruction
stoops to having characters drop their pants for laughs and not the last time
stooping to base melodrama
stop Eric Schaeffer before he makes another film
Part low rent Godfather .
Pascale Bailly 's rom-com provides Amélie 's Audrey Tautou with another fabuleux destin -- i.e. , a banal spiritual quest .
Passion , lip-synching
fabricated
instead of just slapping extreme humor and gross-out gags
instantly disposable
instead gets ( sci-fi ) rehash
instead has all the lyricism of a limerick scrawled in a public restroom
push-the-limits teen comedy , the type written by people who ca n't come up with legitimate funny
subject you thought would leave you
devoid of objectivity and full of nostalgic comments from the now middle-aged participants
put a little too much heart
The characters are based on stock clichés , and the attempt to complicate the story only defies credibility .
of domestic tension and unhappiness
of dumb drug jokes and
of dumb drug jokes
of dumb drug jokes and predictable slapstick , '' Orange County
welcome in her most charmless
well , it 's also rarely coherent .
well , just stuff . Watching Scarlet Diva , one is poised for titillation , raw insight or both . Instead , we just get messy anger , a movie as personal therapy
pussy-ass world
far from novel
Me no lika da accents so good
Maybe it 's the star power of the cast or the redundant messages , but something aboul `` Full Frontal '' seems , well , contrived .
By halfway through this picture I was beginning to hate it , and , of course
By the end , you just do n't care whether that cold-hearted snake Petrovich ( that would be Reno ) gets his comeuppance . Just bring on the Battle Bots , please !
Eastwood is off his game
Eastwood winces , clutches
Earnest yet curiously tepid and choppy recycling in which predictability is the only winner .
that gave people seizures
put a little too much heart into his first film
making a vanity project with nothing new
put a little too much heart into his first film and did n't reserve enough for his second .
which forces the audience to fidget through ten pseudo-serious minutes while waiting for the ending credits and the deleted scenes montage to break the audience 's awkward silence
trailer-trash style .
his encounters reveal nothing about who he is or who he was before
his drug
his dependence on slapstick
an eye out
ends up festooning U.S. art house screens for no reason other than the fact that it 's in French ( well , mostly ) with English subtitles and is magically ` significant ' because of that
ends up festooning U.S. art house screens for no reason other than the fact that it 's in French ( well , mostly ) with English subtitles and
ends up more of a creaky `` Pretty Woman '' retread , with the emphasis on self-empowering schmaltz and big-wave surfing that gives pic its title an afterthought
ends up merely pretentious -- in a grisly sort of way
ends up festooning U.S. art house screens for no reason other than the fact that it 's in French ( well , mostly ) with English subtitles
ending that forces the viewer to totally suspend disbelief
loses its bite
horrors
how much souvlaki can you take before indigestion sets in
Independence , complete with loads of CGI and bushels of violence , but not a drop of human blood
so completely loses himself to the film 's circular structure to ever offer any insightful discourse on , well , Love in the Time of Money .
Initial strangeness
so cold and dead
inside the mess that is World Traveler
may find it migraine-inducing , despite moore 's attempts at whimsy and spoon feeding
may be the dumbest , sketchiest movie on record about an aspiring writer 's coming-of-age
may wonder why it 's necessary
may not be pleased
may not
The whole thing plays like a tired Tyco ad .
insanely violent and very graphic
none of the charm and little
that the lack of linearity is the point of emotional and moral departure for protagonist Alice
nonconformist values , What to Do in Case of Fire ? lazily and glumly settles into a most traditional , reserved kind of filmmaking .
none are useful in telling the story , which is paper-thin and decidedly unoriginal
and crude film
you 'll be as bored watching Morvern Callar as the characters are in it
stages his gags as assaults on America 's knee-jerk moral sanctimony
staggeringly boring
Almost nothing else -- raunchy and graphic as it may be in presentation -- is one-sided , outwardly sexist or mean-spirited . And
, brutally clueless
that the typical Hollywood disregard for historical truth and realism is at work here
that the wayward wooden one end it all by stuffing himself into an electric pencil sharpener
stands forth as an important chronicle of the abuses of one of Latin America 's most oppressive regimes .
that there 's no plot in this Antonio Banderas-Lucy Liu faceoff . It 's still terrible
cruelty and suffering
, or anywhere else , did director Ron Underwood manage to blow $ 100 million on this ?
crushingly self-indulgent spectacle
you 'll be taking a risk if you choose to see it
insignificance
you 've watched the far superior Nurse Betty or Sunset Boulevard . Even the unwatchable Soapdish is more original
insignificant
Vile and tacky are the two best adjectives to describe Ghost Ship .
Vile and tacky
Video games are more involving than this mess .
Vile
nothing more than the latest Schwarzenegger or Stallone
by which time it 's impossible to care who wins
by what can only be characterized as robotic sentiment
doing its usual worst to guilt-trip parents
doing strange guy things
doing very little with its imaginative premise
doing very little
with shootings , beatings , and more cussing
nothing to gain from watching They
push the envelope of bad taste
was so endlessly
to watch Witherspoon 's talents wasting away inside unnecessary films like Legally Blonde and Sweet Home Abomination , I mean , Alabama
superficially loose , larky documentary
expects people to pay to see it
evil
a bitter taste
a bit like getting all excited about a chocolate eclair and then biting into it and finding the filling missing
a bit heavy handed with his message at times
a bitter pill
an after-school special compiled in one place , minus those daytime programs ' slickness and sophistication ( and who knew they even had any ? )
an affected malaise
an after-school special compiled in one place
an affair with a nutjob
So devoid of any kind of intelligible story that it makes films like XXX and Collateral Damage seem like thoughtful treatises
So devoid of any kind of intelligible story
So clichéd that , at one point , they literally upset an apple cart .
Owen Wilson know a movie must have a story and a script ?
Ozpetek offers an AIDS subtext , skims over the realities of gay sex , and presents yet another tired old vision of the gay community as an all-inclusive world where uptight , middle class bores like Antonia can feel good about themselves .
depend on empathy . If there ai n't none , you have a problem
denouement
needs to stay afloat in Hollywood
Leading a double life in an American film only comes to no good
warmed-over melodrama
a needlessly downbeat
this is one that should be thrown back in the river
ambiguity and
was Chen Kaige 's assistant for years in China . He has not learnt that storytelling is what the movies are about
The low-budget Full Frontal was one of the year 's murkiest , intentionally obscure and self-indulgent pictures ,
The low-budget Full Frontal was one of the year 's murkiest , intentionally obscure and self-indulgent pictures , and
The low-budget Full Frontal was one of the year 's murkiest , intentionally obscure and self-indulgent pictures
dysfunction
dysfunctional parent-child relationship
fairly ludicrous
fails to fascinate
fails to fascinate .
fails because it demands that you suffer the dreadfulness of war from both sides
fails because it demands that you suffer the dreadfulness of war from both sides .
fails to fulfill its own ambitious goals
brought me uncomfortably close to losing my lunch .
brought to humdrum life by some Freudian puppet
for in effective if cheap moments of fright and dread
I 'm not sure which half of Dragonfly is worse : The part where nothing 's happening , or the part where something 's happening ,
I 'm not sure which half of Dragonfly is worse : The part where nothing 's happening , or the part where something 's happening , but
I 'm not suggesting that you actually see it , unless you 're the kind of person who has seen every Wim Wenders film of the '70s .
Sarah 's dedication to finding her husband seems more psychotic than romantic , and nothing in the movie makes a convincing case that one woman 's broken heart outweighs all the loss we witness .
the result is a film that 's about as subtle as a party political broadcast
the rest of us will be lulled into a coma .
in formal settings with motionless characters
when she should be building suspense
is n't that funny
its weaknesses and
pretention
pretentious in a way that verges on the amateurish
this junk that 's TV sitcom material at best
is n't reacting to humor so much as they are wincing back in repugnance .
you 've spent the past 20 minutes looking at your watch
you 've never come within a mile of The Longest Yard
you 've wasted nearly two hours of your own precious life with this silly little puddle of a movie
the idea of exploiting molestation for laughs
It all feels like a Monty Python sketch gone horribly wrong .
It all drags on so interminably it 's like watching a miserable relationship unfold in real time .
It 's too self-important and plodding to be funny , and too clipped and abbreviated to be an epic .
was n't just bad
was n't enough
was so uninspiring
bogged down in earnest dramaturgy
in U.S. relocation camps
`` un-bear-able '' project
distinctly minor
Opens as promising as any war\/adventure film you 'll ever see and dissolves into a routine courtroom drama , better suited for a movie titled '' Glory : A Soldier 's Story . ''
Oops , she 's really done it this time . That chirpy songbird Britney Spears has popped up with more mindless drivel .
is laughable in the solemnity with which it tries to pump life into overworked elements from Eastwood 's Dirty Harry period .
is lacking any real emotional impact
is lackluster at best
is left puzzled by the mechanics of the delivery
is less a documentary and more propaganda by way of a valentine sealed with a kiss
is less a documentary and more propaganda by way of a valentine sealed with a kiss .
made off with your wallet
who loved Cool as Ice
Watching a Brian DePalma movie is like watching an Alfred Hitchcock movie after drinking twelve beers .
the first film I 've ever seen that had no obvious directing involved
That chirpy songbird Britney Spears has popped up with more mindless drivel .
worshipful than your random E ! True Hollywood Story
worse than your substandard , run-of-the-mill Hollywood picture
worst thing
worst special-effects creation
worst instincts
worst boxing movie
Pleasant but not more than recycled jock piffle .
( and peculiarly venomous )
PlayStation cocktail
Plays like a living-room War Of The Worlds , gaining most of its unsettling force from the suggested and the unknown .
ca n't quite maintain its initial momentum ,
fatality , classism , and ignorance
fatality
less entertaining
marking the slow , lingering death of imagination
mark it takes an abrupt turn into glucose sentimentality and laughable contrivance .
mark it takes an abrupt turn into glucose sentimentality and laughable contrivance
in this case one man 's treasure could prove to be another man 's garbage
The events of the film are just so WEIRD that I honestly never knew what the hell was coming next .
The entire movie is so formulaic and forgettable that it 's hardly over before it begins to fade from memory .
ca n't quite live up to it
The farcical elements seemed too pat and familiar to hold my interest ,
motivated more by a desire to match mortarboards with Dead Poets Society and Good Will Hunting than by its own story .
moulds itself as an example to up-and-coming documentarians , of the overlooked pitfalls of such an endeavour
compare to the wit , humor and snappy dialogue of the original
a tawdry B-movie scum
an undercurrent of loneliness and isolation
as computer processed and overproduced as it was in her music
as dull a person as this film makes him out to be
as daft
giving the cast ample opportunity to use that term as often as possible .
as each overwrought new sequence
stay away . Otherwise , this could be a passable date film .
terribly episodic and lacking the spark of imagination that might have made it an exhilarating
terribly episodic and
terribly episodic
terrible movie
terrible filmmaking '
terrible , pun-laden dialogue
terms of the low-grade cheese standards on which it operates
else who may , for whatever reason , be thinking about going to see this movie
elusive ...
elusive ... stagy and stilted
embarrassment .
for its logical loopholes , which fly by so fast there 's no time to think about them anyway
for its overwhelming creepiness
for its rather slow beginning
'' What really happened ? '' is a question for philosophers , not filmmakers ; all the filmmakers need to do is engage an audience .
it plays everything too safe
upsetting
insipid vulgarity
the harsh reality of my situation
insipid , brutally clueless film
knees in the crotch , elbows in the face and spit in the eye
is so packed with subplots involving the various Silbersteins that it feels more like the pilot episode of a TV series than a feature film
like every other tale of a totalitarian tomorrow
will wish the movie were less simplistic , obvious , clumsily plotted and shallowly characterized
will wind up as glum as Mr. De Niro .
will wind up as glum as Mr. De Niro
though it begins to drag two-thirds through , when the melodramatic aspects start to overtake the comedy
will wish there had been more of the `` Queen '' and less of the `` Damned . ''
will wish there had been more of the `` Queen '' and less of the `` Damned .
will wish there had been more of the `` Queen '' and less of the `` Damned
will wish the movie were less simplistic , obvious , clumsily plotted and shallowly characterized .
will you feel after an 88-minute rip-off of The Rock with action confined to slo-mo gun firing and random glass-shattering
know that ten bucks you 'd spend on a ticket ? Just send it to Cranky . We do n't get paid enough to sit through crap like this
manic
a catastrophic collision of tastelessness and gall
likely to cause massive cardiac arrest if taken in large doses
likely to induce sleep than fright
really does n't have much to say beyond the news
all things insipid
all the wrong places
all the values of a straight-to-video movie
all too familiar
any actor of talent would ever work in a McCulloch production again if they looked at how this movie turned out
unsatisfying ending
really bad imitation
dreary and sluggish
dreary and
's got some pretentious eye-rolling moments
frustrated and detached
B. ) That sure is pathetic !
Tykwer 's surface flash is n't just a poor fit with Kieslowski 's lyrical pessimism ; it completely contradicts everything Kieslowski 's work aspired to , including the condition of art .
a glossy coat of action movie excess while remaining heartless
a glorified Nike ad
cinematic punishment
cinematic tragedies
unrewarding all of this
's hard to imagine another director ever making his wife look so bad in a major movie
the simplistic Heaven will quite likely be more like hell .
that bites off more than it can chew by linking the massacre
phony relationship
's undone by the sogginess of its contemporary characters , and actors
's hard to believe that something so short could be so flabby .
in the shameless self-caricature of ` Analyze This ' ( 1999 ) and ` Analyze That , ' promised ( or threatened ) for later this year
that viewers may be hard pressed to retain their lunch
a predictable , maudlin story that swipes heavily from Bambi and The Lion King
a predictable , maudlin story
a preachy parable stylized with a touch of John Woo bullet ballet .
a pressure cooker of horrified awe
a pretty listless collection of kid-movie clichés
a pretty listless collection
remote , emotionally distant piece
remotely new or interesting
it wo n't be long before you 'll spy i spy at a video store near you .
When it comes out on video , then it 's the perfect cure for insomnia .
When it comes to the battle of Hollywood vs. Woo , it looks like Woo 's a P.O.W.
When she speaks , her creepy Egyptian demigod voice is as computer processed and overproduced as it was in her music .
When the first few villians are introduced as `` Spider '' and `` Snake '' you know you 're in for a real winner , creativity at its peak .
'' Take Care of My Cat '' )
fusty squareness
futile concoction
futility
further demonstrates just how far his storytelling skills have eroded .
fuse at least three dull plots
future Lizard endeavors will need to adhere more closely to the laws of laughter
even at 85 minutes it feels a bit long
even dies .
even caught the gum stuck under my seat trying to sneak out of the theater
even as rogue CIA assassins working for Chris Cooper 's agency boss close in on the resourceful amnesiac , we do n't feel much for Damon\/Bourne or his predicament
even fans of Sandler 's comic taste may find it uninteresting
a good idea that was followed by the bad idea to turn it into a movie
that try the patience of even the most cinema-besotted critic -- and this was one of them
laugh if a tuba-playing dwarf rolled down a hill in a trash can
drag two-thirds through ,
drag an audience
drag two-thirds through
Do n't let your festive spirit go this far .
Do n't let the subtitles fool you ; the movie only proves that Hollywood no longer has a monopoly on mindless action .
Do not , under any circumstances , consider taking a child younger than middle school age to this wallow in crude humor .
Do n't waste your money
Do n't waste your money .
Do not see this film
Do not see this film .
thoughtlessly
to come up with an irritatingly unimaginative retread concept
Confessions is n't always coherent ,
minor film
spent an hour setting a fancy table and then served up Kraft Macaroni and Cheese
any kind of intelligible story
are n't aware of
gay-niche condescension
very , very slow .
very , very slow . It 's not the ultimate Depression-era gangster movie .
the ridiculousness of its premise
's too grounded in the reality of its characters to go over the edge
's too close to real life to make sense
of insultingly innocuous
impossibly
imperfect
imperfect world
immorality
the airhead movie business
does the thoroughly formulaic film
dog-paddle in the mediocre end of the pool
guarantee that no wise men will be following after it
grows as dull as its characters , about whose fate it is hard to care
grows as dull as its characters , about whose fate it is hard to care .
grows boring despite the scenery
grows boring despite the scenery .
grows monotonous
resemblance to , and shares the weaknesses of , too many recent action-fantasy extravaganzas in which special effects overpower cogent story-telling and visual clarity during the big action sequences .
you wonder what anyone saw in this film that allowed it to get made .
you wo n't find anything to get excited about on this DVD .
force the movie off track in its final half hour .
forces the viewer to totally suspend disbelief
how resolutely unamusing , how thoroughly unrewarding all of this is , and
after-hours
aftertaste
again ego does n't always go hand in hand with talent
tell you anything except that the Chelsea Hotel today is populated by whiny , pathetic , starving and untalented artistes
wanted to make , though Bette Davis , cast as Joan , would have killed him
takes this never-ending confusion and hatred
headed down the toilet with the ferocity of a frozen burrito
he were stripped of most of his budget and all of his sense of humor
he waters it down , turning grit and vulnerability into light reading
he took of the family vacation to Stonehenge . Before long , you 're desperate for the evening to end
it 's so inane that it gave me plenty of time to ponder my Thanksgiving to-do list
it 's simply unbearable
it 's quite enough to lessen the overall impact the movie could have had
it 's pretty far from a treasure
it 's really nothing more than warmed-over Cold War paranoia
it 's really little more than a particularly slanted , gay s\/m fantasy , enervating and deadeningly drawn-out .
it 's self-defeatingly decorous
know as an evil , monstrous lunatic
knee-jerk misogyny
unrewarding collar
unromantic
unschooled
unschooled comedy
made a great Saturday Night Live sketch , but a great movie it is not
its just not a thrilling movie
its intended audience has n't yet had much science
asinine ` twist '
its lack of poetic frissons
its lack of logic and misuse of two fine actors , Morgan Freeman and Ashley Judd
asinine
if somebody was bored and ... decided to make a dull , pretentious version of jesus ' son , they 'd come up with something like bart freundlich 's world traveler .
incredibly low-rent
to a bigger , more complicated story , one that never materializes
to a boatload of screenwriting cliches that sink it faster than a leaky freighter
about as much substance
in reality they are not enough
writhing and wailing , tears , rage and opium overdoses
writer-director Peter Mattei 's first feature microwaves dull leftover romantic motifs basted in faux-contemporary gravy .
of a mishmash
retro-refitting exercise
about as much substance as its end credits blooper reel
revealing nothing
out ballsy and stylish but fails to keep it up and settles into clichés .
might describe as a castrated
through the constraints of its source
moustache
be both repulsively sadistic and mundane
prevent its tragic waste of life
pretended not to see it and
pretend the whole thing never existed
that it 's enough to make one pine for the day when Godard can no longer handle the rigors of filmmaking
that it 's easy to imagine that a new software program spit out the screenplay
that it 's forced to make its characters idiots in order to advance the plot
that is willfully overwrought
that is where Ararat went astray
that it 's difficult not to cuss him out severely for bungling the big stuff
that it 's almost worth seeing because it 's so bad
that it 's left a few crucial things out , like character development and coherence
an agonizing bore except when the fantastic kathy bates turns up
technical gibberish
can with a stuttering script
can you charge money for this
can work the words '' radical '' or '' suck
can you charge money for this ?
had to escape from director Mark Romanek 's self-conscious scrutiny
handed down
inept school productions , but even Oliver Parker 's movie adaptation
inept school productions , but
inept school productions ,
inept school productions
inept
its myriad flaws
its many infuriating flaws
its many infuriating flaws -- not the least of which is Amy 's self-absorbed personality --
that not only would subtlety be lost on the target audience , but
that not only would subtlety be lost on the target audience , but that it 's also too stupid to realize that they 've already seen this exact same movie a hundred times
to absurd lengths
that might have required genuine acting from Ms. Spears
that most every aggrieved father cliché has been unturned
that not only fails on its own , but makes you second-guess your affection for the original
that not only would subtlety be lost on the target audience
Patchy combination
is listless , witless , and devoid of anything resembling humor
is listless , witless , and devoid of anything
is little more than a mall movie designed to kill time .
is little more than a mall movie designed to kill time
is little more than Home Alone raised to a new , self-deprecating level .
is long on narrative and ( too ) short on action
is long on narrative and ( too ) short
keeps coming back to the achingly unfunny Phonce and his several silly subplots .
Patchy combination of soap opera , low-tech magic realism and , at times , ploddingly sociological commentary
even quasi-original , when you can pillage from Shirley Jackson , Richard Matheson ... and puke up something like ROSE RED
even queasy
the unexplainable pain
like a sugar high gone awry
like a project better suited for the small screen
like a quickie TV special than a feature film
like a rejected ABC Afterschool Special
like a series of pretentiously awful student films
like a series of pretentiously awful student films strung together into one feature-length horror
like a series of toasts at a testimonial dinner than a documentary
emptying rat traps .
that was ushered in by The Full Monty and is still straining to produce another smash
that was written down
that watching the proverbial paint dry would be a welcome improvement
that waxes poetic far too much for our taste
that we '' do n't care about the truth
`` ... something appears to have been lost in the translation this time .
`` ... something appears to have been lost in the translation this time
like an episode of the TV show Blind Date , only less technically proficient and without the pop-up comments
like an infomercial for Ram Dass 's latest book aimed at the boomer demographic .
empty vessel
appears to have been modeled on the worst revenge-of-the-nerds clichés the filmmakers could dredge up .
pretty miserable ,
pretty miserable , resorting to string-pulling rather than legitimate character development
pretty miserable , resorting to string-pulling rather than legitimate character development and
pretty miserable , resorting to string-pulling rather than legitimate character development and intelligent
pretty mediocre
pretty miserable
Whatever Eyre 's failings as a dramatist
many of benjamins ' elements feel like they 've been patched in from an episode of miami vice .
many of benjamins ' elements feel like they 've been patched in from an episode of miami vice
every clichéd white-trash situation imaginable
every cliche in the war movie compendium across its indulgent two-hour-and-fifteen-minute length
every cheesy scene
Friday After Next has the same problem that Next Friday did -- it 's called Where 's Chris Tucker When You Need Him ?
Friday After Next has the same problem that Next Friday did -- it 's called Where 's Chris Tucker When You Need Him
Friday After Next has the same problem that Next Friday did
've figured out Bielinsky 's great game , that 's when you 're in the most trouble
amateurish , quasi-improvised
amateurish , quasi-improvised acting exercise
always disappointing when a documentary fails to live up to -- or offer any new insight into -- its chosen topic .
amateurish . Yep
amateurish screenplay
to judge from In Praise of Love , the sort of bitter old crank who sits behind his light meter and harangues the supposed injustices of the artistic world-at-large
to just die already
to joyless special-effects excess
the dog from Snatch )
the disjointed feel of a bunch of strung-together TV episodes .
empathy and pity fogging up the screen ...
empathy and pity fogging up the screen ... His Secret Life enters the land of unintentional melodrama and tiresome love triangles .
empathy . If there ai n't none , you have a problem
philosophical emptiness and maddeningly sedate pacing
middle-brow film
could rent the original and get the same love story and parable
could take me back to a time before I saw this movie
canned humor
self-amused trash
with a baffling casual approach
bad as its trailers
a peculiar malaise
a peculiar malaise that renders its tension
a paunchy midsection , several plodding action sequences and
a paunchy midsection , several plodding action sequences and a wickedly undramatic central theme
a paunchy midsection ,
really stupid
really poor
really poor comedic writing
hurts to watch
hunky has-been
Jerry Bruckheimer 's putrid pond of retread action twaddle
Jerry Bruckheimer 's putrid pond
, incoherent , self-indulgent mess
, indulgent and pretentious
, in his first film , set himself a task he is not nearly up to
, in reality , it 's churning ground that has long passed the point of being fertile
, inoffensive screaming and exaggerated facial expressions
seen that had no obvious directing involved
seen to better advantage on cable
seen such self-amused trash since Freddy Got Fingered
seen such self-amused trash
Para Hitler
sanctimonious , self-righteous and
sanctimonious , self-righteous
claustrophobic and unpleasant
claustrophobic context
After seeing SWEPT AWAY , I feel sorry for Madonna .
be killed
After seeing the film , I can tell you that there 's no other reason why anyone should bother remembering it
After Next is the kind of film that could only be made by African-Americans because of its broad racial insensitivity towards African-Americans .
After Next has the same problem that Next Friday did
After all , he took three minutes of dialogue , 30 seconds of plot and turned them into a 90-minute movie that feels five hours long
of precinct cliches
of pawns , bishops and kings , of wagers in dingy backrooms or pristine forests
That is even lazier and far less enjoyable .
That regurgitates and waters
That is not as funny or entertaining as Analyze This
A puzzle whose pieces do not fit .
A visionary marvel , but it 's lacking a depth in storytelling usually found in anime like this .
A puzzle whose pieces do not fit . Some are fascinating and
That regurgitates and waters down many
A puppy dog so desperate for attention it nearly breaks its little neck trying to perform entertaining tricks .
A puppy dog so desperate for attention it nearly breaks its little neck trying to perform entertaining tricks
never comes together
never finds a consistent tone and lacks bite , degenerating into a pious , preachy soap opera
never feel anything for these characters
never gaining much momentum
never finds its tone and several scenes run too long .
never gets over its own investment in conventional arrangements , in terms of love , age , gender , race , and class .
never make a convincing case for the relevance of these two 20th-century footnotes .
never inspired
totalitarian
some contrived banter ,
sank from quirky to jerky to utter turkey
editing and pompous
editing and pompous references
lack contrast , are murky
gloom
drowned out
Aloof and
Aloof and lacks any real raw emotion , which is fatal for a film that relies on personal relationships .
writer\/director Achero Manas 's film is schematic and obvious .
lack contrast ,
of those decades-spanning historical epics that strives to be intimate and socially encompassing but fails to do justice to either effort in three hours of screen time
of this tacky nonsense
of those based-on-truth stories that persuades you , with every scene , that it could never really have happened this way
of this unpleasantness
is definitely horse feathers
puffery
if you appreciate the one-sided theme to Lawrence 's over-indulgent tirade
if you appreciate the one-sided theme to Lawrence 's over-indulgent tirade , then knock yourself out and enjoy the big screen postcard that is a self-glorified Martin Lawrence lovefest . If you are willing to do this , then you so crazy !
if you , like me , think an action film disguised as a war tribute is disgusting to begin with
if you , like me , think an action film disguised as a war tribute is disgusting to begin with , then you 're in for a painful ride .
slow to come to the point
the problem is he has no character , loveable or otherwise .
the problem with Wendigo , for all its effective moments , is n't really one of resources .
the project should have been made for the tube .
lack contrast
as the filmmakers look down on their working-class subjects from their lofty perch , that finally makes Sex With Strangers , which opens today in the New York metropolitan area , so distasteful
as the movie sputters
as the lousy Tarantino imitations have subsided
since The Evil Dead
that should be used to burn every print of the film
that so many people put so much time and energy into this turkey
that so much of the movie -- again , as in The Animal -- is a slapdash mess
what it lacks in originality
what is captured during the conceptual process does n't add up to a sufficient explanation of what the final dance work , the selection , became in its final form
withering
slow -- very , very slow
ripoff
rise above the level of an after-school TV special
its plot may prove too convoluted for fun-seeking summer audiences
searching for a quarter in a giant pile of elephant feces ... positively dreadful
made all too clear in this schlocky horror\/action hybrid
made from a completist 's checklist rather than with a cultist 's passion .
made from a completist 's checklist rather than with a cultist 's passion
mushy
mushy , existential exploration
mush
murky cinematography
mundane '70s
mundane '70s disaster flick
's the real damn : It is n't funny , either .
seems far more interested in gross-out humor than in showing us well-thought stunts or a car chase that we have n't seen 10 , 000 times .
grimace
grim , upsetting glimpse at the lives of some of the 1 .
grimly
grim , upsetting glimpse
But no. .
holding Equilibrium up
hold onto what 's left of his passe ' chopsocky glory
hold our interest , but its just not a thrilling movie
hold dear about cinema , only now it 's begun to split up so that it can do even more damage
forgive its mean-spirited second half
the obligatory outbursts of flatulence and the incessant , so-five-minutes-ago pop music on the soundtrack
the obligatory outbursts of flatulence and
the obvious cliches
admire the ensemble players and wonder what the point of it is
admission for the ridicule factor
adolescent melodramatics
adolescent angst
adopts throughout the stupidly named Pipe Dream
a terribly obvious melodrama and rough-hewn vanity project
a terribly obvious melodrama and rough-hewn vanity project for lead actress Andie MacDowell
a terrible movie , just a stultifyingly obvious one -- an unrewarding collar for a murder mystery
a terrible movie in every regard
a terrible movie , just a stultifyingly obvious one
a terrible movie , just a stultifyingly obvious one --
a terrible movie ,
a terrible movie , just
a terrible film
a terrible movie
sanitised and
same old garbage
this utterly ridiculous shaggy dog story as one
this is an ungainly movie , ill-fitting , with its elbows sticking out where the knees should be .
this is n't exactly profound cinema
this is n't exactly profound cinema ,
this is a film living far too much in its own head .
this is an ungainly movie , ill-fitting , with its elbows sticking out where the knees should be
painful and
painful nuance
painful elegy
paint-by-number American blockbusters like Pearl Harbor
must have been lost in the translation
murky
murderous rage in 2002
murk
must shoot it in the head
muted
Time Out
ca n't say that I liked Homeboy
... is an arthritic attempt at directing by Callie Khouri . I had to look away - this was god awful .
... del Toro maintains a dark mood that makes the film seem like something to endure instead of enjoy .
Monsoon Wedding ) to lament the loss of culture
like a beached grouper
like a bad soap opera
like a bad idea from frame one
like a Monty Python sketch gone horribly wrong
like a 12-Step Program for the Jewish Nazi
like Zhang Yimou behind the camera for a yarn that 's ultimately rather inconsequential
bedevils the film from the very beginning ... ( but ) Lohman 's moist
a desperate miscalculation
a devastating comic impersonation
over age 4 screaming from the theater
outtakes in which most of the characters forget their lines
over a late-inning twist that just does n't make sense
outtakes in which most of the characters forget their lines and
outtakes in which most of the characters forget their lines and just utter ` uhhh , ' which is better than most of the writing in the movie
more self-absorbed women than the mother and
has already been explored previously with better aplomb and sardonic wit
has barely enough plot to string the stunts together and not quite enough characterization to keep the faces straight .
has barely enough plot to string the stunts together and not quite enough characterization to keep the faces straight
has become valedictorian at the School for Soft Landings and Easy Ways Out
has become even weaker
'' suck
'' were , what '' they '' looked like . Why '' they '' were here and what '' they '' wanted and quite honestly , I did n't care
more scatological action in 8 Crazy Nights than a proctologist is apt to encounter in an entire career
gloomy atmosphere
glitzy but extremely silly piece
gloomy film noir veil
glossy Hollywood
glossy knock-off
de Broca has little enthusiasm for such antique pulp
about all the bad things in the world \
Check your brain and your secret agent decoder ring at the door because you do n't want to think too much about what 's going on .
, but also more than anything else slight ... Tadpole pulls back from the consequences of its own actions and revelations .
deadeningly
, but how long will filmmakers copy the `` Saving Private Ryan '' battle scenes before realizing Steven Spielberg got it right the first time ?
, but not all that good .
her narrative clichés and telegraphed episodes smell of old soap opera
her movie is really bad .
her most charmless
Will give many ministers and Bible-study groups hours of material to discuss . But mainstream audiences will find little of interest in this film , which is often preachy and poorly acted
as if by cattle prod
Writer\/director Joe Carnahan 's grimy crime drama is a manual of precinct cliches
might be the only thing Femme Fatale has going for it
might be the first sci-fi comedy that could benefit from a Three 's Company-style laugh track
might be the first sci-fi comedy that could benefit from a Three 's Company-style laugh track .
might be with a large dose of painkillers
might be wishing for a watch that makes time go faster rather than the other way around
The soul-searching deliberateness of the film , although leavened nicely with dry absurdist wit , eventually becomes too heavy for the plot .
The sort of movie that gives tastelessness a bad rap .
also think that sequels can never capture the magic of the original
to make one pine for the day when Godard can no longer handle the rigors of filmmaking
tolerable-to-adults
tolerable-to-adults lark of a movie
If you 're not into the Pokemon franchise , this fourth animated movie in four years wo n't convert you -- or even keep your eyes open . But fans should have fun meeting a brand-new Pokemon called Celebi .
If you can stomach the rough content
killer
the humor dwindles .
arrogant
artificial as the video games japanese teens play in a nightclub sequence
is simple and obvious
is ridiculous , of course
is relatively slow to come to the point .
Hampered -- no , paralyzed -- by a self-indulgent script ... that aims for poetry and ends up sounding like satire .
Hampered -- no , paralyzed -- by a self-indulgent script ... that aims for poetry and ends up sounding like satire
that had no obvious directing involved
This mess of a movie is nothing short of a travesty of a transvestite comedy .
shy of overkill , though viewers may be more exhausted than the athletes onscreen
a hint of joy , preferring to focus on the humiliation of Martin as he defecates in bed and urinates on the plants at his own birthday party
a hint of joy , preferring to focus on the humiliation of Martin as he defecates in bed
to be the most repellent movie of 2002
a few cheap
looking for nothing
May not be a breakthrough in filmmaking ,
Maybe LeBlanc thought , '' Hey , the movie about the baseball-playing monkey was worse . ''
has no atmosphere , no tension -- nothing but Costner ,
has no character , loveable or otherwise
has n't much more to serve than silly fluff
has no atmosphere , no tension -- nothing but Costner
has no place to go since Simone is not real
has no doubt fantasized about what an unhappy , repressed and twisted personal life their tormentor deserved .
has not learnt that storytelling is what the movies are about .
John McTiernan 's botched remake may be subtler than Norman Jewison 's 1975 ultraviolent futuristic corporate-sports saga . It 's also stupider .
John McTiernan 's botched remake
John Leguizamo may be a dramatic actor -- just not in this movie .
, the movie bogs down in insignificance , saying nothing about Kennedy 's assassination and revealing nothing about the pathology it pretends to investigate .
, the movie 's wildly careening tone and an extremely flat lead performance do little to salvage this filmmaker 's flailing reputation .
accuse Kung Pow for misfiring , since it is exactly what it wants to be : an atrociously , mind-numbingly , indescribably bad movie
, the movie contains no wit , only labored gags .
, the movie bogs down in rhetoric and cliché .
accumulate like lint in a fat man 's navel
accumulate like lint in a fat man 's navel .
accompanying the stunt-hungry dimwits in a random series of collected gags , pranks , pratfalls , dares , injuries , etc.
accompanying the stunt-hungry dimwits in a random series of collected gags , pranks , pratfalls , dares , injuries , etc. .
that Donovan adopts throughout the stupidly named Pipe Dream
said to squander Jennifer Love Hewitt
said that if she had to sit through it again , she should ask for a raise
right at home as a nifty plot line in Steven Soderbergh 's Traffic fails to arrive at any satisfying destination
not a Hollywood product
nor a cliché left unsaid
not a classic ,
not a must-own
questionable
quickly enters the pantheon of wreckage that includes Battlefield Earth and Showgirls
quickly becomes distasteful and downright creepy
It 's a bad action movie because there 's no rooting interest and the spectacle is grotesque and boring .
It 's a barely tolerable slog over well-trod ground .
It 's a big idea , but the film itself is small and shriveled .
It 's a big idea , but the film itself is small and shriveled
is that Van Wilder does little that is actually funny with the material .
the dorkier aspects
the disparate elements do n't gel
the drama is finally too predictable to leave much of an impression .
much of the Japanese anime is set in a scenic forest where Pokemon graze in peace
become just another situation romance about a couple of saps stuck in an inarticulate screenplay
grating
grasping actors ' workshop that it is
grave
super - violent ,
suited to a night in the living room than a night at the movies
this claustrophobic concept
largely due to Parker 's ill-advised meddling with the timeless source material
large and obvious
is the gabbiest giant-screen movie
is the first film I 've ever seen that had no obvious directing involved
is the gabbiest giant-screen movie ever , bogging down in a barrage of hype .
is the gabbiest giant-screen movie ever , bogging down in a barrage of hype
is the gabbiest giant-screen movie ever ,
is the gabbiest giant-screen movie ever
two-dimensional characters
two-dimensional and pointless
two unrelated shorts that falls far short
is a matter of plumbing arrangements and mind games , of no erotic or sensuous charge
is a matter of plumbing arrangements and mind games , of no erotic or sensuous charge .
is a mediocre movie trying to get out
is a mere plot pawn for two directors with far less endearing disabilities
is a mess .
is a mildly funny , sometimes tedious , ultimately insignificant film
where its recent predecessor miserably
care whether that cold-hearted snake petrovich ( that would be reno ) gets his comeuppance . just bring on the battle bots , please
care about the thousands of americans who die hideously
innovative , nor the story as imaginative as in the original
be said of the picture
of American Pie hijinks
be said to squander Jennifer Love Hewitt
calls and double-crosses
called Celebi .
an idolized culture , self-loathing
agreeable time-wasting
heavy-handed and portent-heavy
heavy-handed and
heavy doses of mean-spiritedness
heavy-handed film
melodramatic denouement
melodramatic paranormal romance is an all-time low for Kevin Costner .
melodramatic paranormal romance
legally blonde and sweet home abomination
the downward spiral
all-too-familiar
the real horror may be waiting for us at home
are television - caliber and the message of providing solace through deception is a little creepy .
are television - caliber and the message of providing solace through deception is a little creepy
are sunk by the film 's primitive approach to the mechanics of comedy .
are sunk by the film 's primitive approach to the mechanics of comedy
are sunk by all the sanctimony .
are the big problems here
are the big problems
How to Kill Your Neighbor 's Dog is slight but unendurable
to ignore the fact that Hollywood is n't laughing with us , folks . It 's laughing at us
audiences guffaw with a script as utterly diabolical as this
if it were n't silly
if it were subtler ... or if it had a sense of humor
if not morally bankrupt , at least terribly monotonous
if pointless excursion
none of the charm or charisma that might keep a more general audience even vaguely interested in his bratty character
none of the characters comes off as big
none-too-original
none of the visual wit of the previous pictures
none of the excellent cast are given air to breathe
n't call The Good Girl a date movie ( an anti-date movie is more like it )
n't have the same magical quality as the beginning of the story
n't demand a dumb , distracted audience
, but how long will filmmakers copy the '' Saving Private Ryan '' battle scenes before realizing Steven Spielberg got it right the first time ?
old cliches
often pointless
frighten and
frightening war scenes
in '' Trouble
in ( this ) meandering and pointless French coming-of-age import from writer-director Anne-Sophie Birot
Blind Date , only less
' dwells on crossing-over mumbo jumbo , manipulative sentimentality , and sappy dialogue .
' hanging over the film
minor tinkering
If you 're not into the Pokemon franchise , this fourth animated movie in four years wo n't convert you -- or even keep your eyes open .
, dopey old
, did the screenwriters just do a cut-and-paste of every bad action-movie line in history ?
, despite the mild hallucinogenic buzz , is of overwhelming waste
, dishonest
, director Fisher Stevens inexplicably dips key moments from the film in Waking Life water colors .
twisted sense
Plays like a glossy melodrama that occasionally verges on camp .
get a sense of good intentions derailed by a failure to seek and strike just the right tone .
get a cinematic postcard that 's superficial and unrealized
get a cinematic postcard that 's superficial and unrealized .
I 'd rather listen to old Tori Amos records
They 're going through the motions , but
but lapses quite casually into the absurd
They crush each other under cars , throw each other out windows , electrocute and dismember their victims in full consciousness . And
They crush each other under cars , throw each other out windows , electrocute and dismember their victims in full consciousness .
They cheapen the overall effect .
A chilly , remote , emotionally distant piece
, predictable rehash
, pretentious
plays out like a flimsy excuse to give Blade fans another look at Wesley Snipes ' iconic hero doing battle with dozens of bad guys -- at once
plays like some corny television production from a bygone era
plays like a student film .
plays like some corny television
plays like one of Robert Altman 's lesser works .
there 's likely very little crossover appeal to those without much interest in the elizabethans ( as well as rank frustration from those in the know about rubbo 's dumbed-down tactics )
truly egregious lip-non-synching
truly egregious
what punk
what passes for sex in the movies look like cheap hysterics
about otherwise dull subjects
a film living far too much in its own head
a film 's star spends the entirety of the film in a coma
a film that does n't merit it
barbarism
that should be punishable by chainsaw
that should be relegated to a dark video store corner
sordid to function as comedy
sophisticated in the worst way
sophomore effort
indulges in the worst elements of all of them
induces a kind of abstract guilt ,
with an utterly incompetent conclusion
distanced us from the characters .
distended pace and foot-dragging rhythms
disturbingly close-up look
is one-sided , outwardly sexist or mean-spirited
's disastrous
is one of those crass , contrived sequels that not only fails on its own , but makes you second-guess your affection for the original
is one of those crass , contrived sequels that not only fails on its own , but makes you second-guess your affection for the original .
conspire to test Trekkie loyalty
too bleak , too pessimistic
Puportedly `` Based on True Events , '' a convolution of language that suggests it 's impossible to claim that it is `` Based on a True Story '' with a straight face .
Punish the vehicle to adore the star .
Punch-Drunk Love is one of those films that I wanted to like much more than I actually did .
throwaway
throws quirky characters , odd situations , and off-kilter dialogue at us
There is a certain sense of experimentation and improvisation to this film that may not always work
There is a certain sense of experimentation and improvisation to this film that may not always work ,
the war movie compendium across its indulgent two-hour-and-fifteen-minute length
Damage ''
have no interest in the gang-infested
and harsh
have no affinity for most of the characters
have no affinity for most of the characters .
myself powerfully drawn toward the light -- the light of the exit sign
my problem with the movie 's final half hour
my least favourite emotions , especially when I have to put up with 146 minutes of it
naiveté and
of being the big
of being overrun by corrupt and hedonistic weasels
Guilty of the worst sin of attributable to a movie like this
Guilty of the worst sin of attributable to a movie like this : it 's not scary in the slightest .
Half Past Dead is like The Rock on a Wal-Mart budget
were a staple of exploitation theater programming
a wet stick of dynamite at the very end
unusual . But they do n't fit well together and neither is well told
untuned
unturned
, but it would be a lot better if it stuck to Betty Fisher and left out the other stories
, but it would be a lot better if it stuck to Betty Fisher and left out the other stories .
initially succeeds by allowing itself to go crazy , but ultimately fails by spinning out of control
assuming that ... the air-conditioning in the theater
assume is just another day of Brit cinema
showy than Hannibal
a story that is all too predictable
a story , full of holes and completely lacking in chills . Ignore the reputation , and ignore the film
a story already overladen with plot conceits
a story as bizarre
is not sufficiently developed to support a film constructed around him .
is not sufficiently developed to support a film constructed around him
which opens today in the New York metropolitan area , so distasteful
is not nearly up to
is not nearly up
is not explored very deeply
is not helped by the thin characterizations , nonexistent plot and pretentious visual style .
huge gap
is somehow guessable from the first few minutes ,
is so tame that even slightly wised-up kids would quickly change the channel
is so tame that even slightly wised-up kids would quickly change the channel .
is so slovenly done , so primitive in technique , that it ca n't really be called animation
huge , heavy topics in a bland , surfacey way that does n't offer any insight into why , for instance , good things happen to bad people
Could n't someone take Rob Schneider and have him switch bodies with a funny person
Could n't someone take Rob Schneider and have him switch bodies with a funny person ?
if shayamalan wanted to tell a story about a man who loses his faith , why did n't he just do it , instead of using bad sci-fi as window dressing ?
's difficult to feel anything much while watching this movie , beyond mild disturbance or detached pleasure at the acting .
's difficult to imagine that a more confused , less interesting and more sloppily made film could possibly come down the road in 2002
's difficult to discern if this is a crazy work of disturbed genius or merely 90 minutes of post-adolescent Electra rebellion .
's difficult to feel anything much while watching this movie , beyond mild disturbance or detached pleasure at the acting
's difficult to conceive of anyone who has reached puberty actually finding the characters in Slackers or their antics amusing , let alone funny .
's difficult to discern if this is a crazy work of disturbed genius or merely 90 minutes of post-adolescent Electra rebellion
's difficult to conceive of anyone who has reached puberty actually finding the characters in Slackers or their antics amusing , let alone funny
trite psychological thriller
irritating films
for a new hal hartley movie
for a guy who has waited three years with breathless anticipation for a new hal hartley movie to pore over , no such thing is a big letdown
Manipulative claptrap , a period-piece movie-of-the-week
Manipulative claptrap , a period-piece movie-of-the-week ,
rendered tedious
to sink in unobtrusively
to slap them
not very amusing
not very informative about its titular character
not very informative about its titular
The Country Bears wastes an exceptionally good idea .
, I felt disrespected .
, I fear , will be put to sleep or bewildered by the artsy and often pointless visuals .
There 's undeniable enjoyment to be had from films crammed with movie references , but the fun wears thin -- then out -- when there 's nothing else happening
There are problems with this film that even 3 Oscar winners ca n't overcome ,
Nothing debases a concept comedy quite like the grinding of bad ideas , and Showtime is crammed full of them
There are few things more frustrating to a film buff than seeing an otherwise good movie marred beyond redemption by a disastrous ending .
There are problems with this film that even 3 Oscar winners ca n't overcome , but
dicey screen material
dialogue and preposterous moments
dialogue and murky cinematography
dialogue and plot lapses
mind crappy movies as much as adults ,
mind crappy movies as much
mind crappy movies as much as adults
mind : So why is this so boring ?
mind crappy movies
, there is little else to recommend '' Never Again . ''
big , baggy , sprawling carnival
for the last 15 minutes
for the most part , The Weight of Water comes off as a two-way time-switching myopic mystery that stalls in its lackluster gear of emotional blandness
for the movie 's failings
this unusual comedy from choking on its own conceit
be a film that is n't this painfully forced , false and fabricated
be a collection taken for the comedian at the end of the show
The Sum of All Fears is remarkably fuddled about motives and context , which drains it of the dramatic substance that would shake us in our boots ( or cinema seats ) .
to qualify as ` worse than expected
The Sum of All Fears generates little narrative momentum , and invites unflattering comparisons to other installments in the Ryan series .
The Sum Of All Fears
The Spalding Gray equivalent of a teen gross-out comedy
bad jokes , howling cliches and by-the-numbers action
bad lighting
bad jokes , howling cliches
bad jokes , howling cliches and
bad jokes
bad jokes ,
bad in all its florid variety
bad joke
is n't painfully bad , something to be ` fully experienced '
bad martial arts movies
bad martial arts movies are all by themselves , without all Oedekerk 's impish augmentation
noisy and
noisy and pretentious
made creepy by its '' men in a sardine can '' warped logic
by a self-indulgent script
by a noticeable lack of pace . Or both
badly made
dredge
dreary tract
dressed as a children 's party clown gets violently gang-raped ?
dredge up
a thriller without thrills and a mystery devoid of urgent questions
a thriller without thrills and a mystery devoid of urgent questions .
sheer insanity
from movies with giant plot holes
shine through this bogus veneer ...
from largely flat and uncreative moments
from mildly unimpressive to despairingly awful
from its cheesy screenplay
exaggerated and
exaggerated and broad
exactly wrong
exaggerated action
: Resurrection is n't exactly quality cinema , but it is n't nearly as terrible as it cold have been .
: He 's the con , and you 're just the mark .
strange film
Solondzian satire and callow student film
Some Body ' will appeal to No One
several cliched movie structures : the road movie , the coming-of-age movie ,
several cliched movie structures : the road movie ,
several cliched movie structures : the road movie , the coming-of-age movie
toward the light -- the light of the exit sign
with low-brow humor , gratuitous violence and a disturbing disregard
with miscalculations
, Witherspoon is just too dialed-up to be America 's Sweetheart .
disintegrates
to provide a mix of smiles and tears , '' Crossroads '' instead provokes
a psycho
forces the audience to fidget through ten pseudo-serious minutes while waiting for the ending credits and the deleted scenes montage to break the audience 's awkward silence
blows
blows this way and that
, Yu clearly hopes to camouflage how bad his movie is . He fails .
It 's getting harder and harder to ignore the fact that Hollywood is n't laughing with us , folks .
It 's hard to imagine acting that could be any flatter .
Historical dramas fused with love triangle is a well worn conceit . But this films lacks the passion required to sell the material
Historical dramas fused with love triangle is a well worn conceit . But this films lacks the passion required to sell the material .
I 'm not generally a fan of vegetables but
I 'm not generally a fan of vegetables
Romeo and Juliet\/West Side Story territory , where it plainly has no business going
Rosenthal ( Halloween II )
to read the time on my watch
of the year 's worst cinematic tragedies
of the worst titles in recent cinematic history
goes bump in the night and nobody cares
lectured to by tech-geeks , if you 're up for that sort of thing
's badly acted , blandly directed , and could have been scripted by someone who just graduated from elementary school .
's badly acted , blandly directed , and could have been scripted by someone who just graduated from elementary school
left in the broiling sun for a good three days
left of his passe ' chopsocky glory
's been 13 months and 295 preview screenings since I last walked out on a movie
's basically an overlong episode of Tales from the Crypt .
's basically an overlong episode of Tales from the Crypt
one teenager 's uncomfortable class resentment and
After you laugh once ( maybe twice )
lame entertainment
for a critical and commercial disaster
for a country still dealing with its fascist past
for a film that takes nearly three hours to unspool
stooping to gooeyness
the human race splitting in two
itself to the narcotizing bland ( sinister , though not nearly so sinister as the biennial Disney girl movie ) machinations of the biennial Disney boy movie
to this supposedly evenhanded presentation
It is too bad that this likable movie is n't more accomplished . The actors try hard but come off too amateurish and awkward .
It is a comedy that 's not very funny and an action movie that is not very thrilling ( and an uneasy alliance , at that ) .
It is just too bad the film 's story does not live up to its style .
It is most of the things Costner movies are known for ; it 's sanctimonious , self-righteous and so eager to earn our love that you want to slap it
It is most of the things Costner movies are known for ; it 's sanctimonious , self-righteous and so eager to earn our love that you want to slap it .
It is n't funny , either
watching a rerun
of the worst films of 2002
pile too many `` serious issues ''
walking out halfway
wanted to like much more than I actually did . Sometimes ,
might be like trying to eat Brussels sprouts
might as well be watching it through a telescope
veers off course
veers off
vehicle that even he seems embarrassed to be part of
is more effective on stage
is more a case of ` Sacre bleu
hate yourself for giving in
hatred
hate clowns
hate yourself
has to find some hook on which to hang his persistently useless movies
hate
insanely violent
with complicated plotting and banal dialogue
with clumsy dialogue , heavy-handed phoney-feeling sentiment , and an overly-familiar set
with cold vengefulness
with cloying messages and irksome characters
with cardboard characters and performers
with but they 're simply not funny performers
only scratches the surface
only open new wounds
mind-numbingly bad .
of good intentions derailed by a failure to seek and strike just the right tone
of hackery
depressing confirmation
with cheapo animation ( like Saturday morning TV in the '60s ) , a complex sword-and-sorcery plot and characters who all have big round eyes and Japanese names
of pointless mayhem
more interesting than the screenplay , which lags badly in the middle and lurches between not-very-funny comedy , unconvincing dramatics and some last-minute action strongly reminiscent of Run Lola Run
more interested in entertaining itself than in amusing us
more inexplicable as the characterizations turn more crassly reductive
more interested in entertaining itself
more inexplicable
too grave for youngsters
the consciously dumbed-down approach wears thin
the concept is a poor one
the consciously dumbed-down approach
the cons
to ultimately disappoint the action
to this film that may not always work
the crowded cities and refugee camps
the crowded cities and refugee camps of Gaza
expect us to root for convicted violent felons over those assigned to protect us from same
expect more from this studio than some 79-minute after-school '' cartoon ''
expects us to laugh because he acts so goofy all the time
experiences Mr . Haneke 's own sadistic tendencies toward his audience
art-house gay porn film
a struggling nobody
a stumblebum
turn out to be the most repellent movie of 2002
turn and devolves
to indulge the fanciful daydreams of Janice Beard ( Eileen Walsh ) when her real-life persona is so charmless and vacant
holes that will be obvious even to those who are n't looking for them
what a banal bore the preachy Circuit turns out to be
what a reckless squandering
what a reckless
what -- and has all the dramatic weight of a raindrop
dead ( water ) weight
weigh down the plot so heavily that they drain all the film of its energy and needlessly strain credibility
dead bodies
weigh down the plot so heavily that they drain all the film of its energy
weigh down the plot so heavily that they drain all the film of its energy and
work the words `` radical '' or `` suck ''
lift the material from its well-meaning clunkiness
weep for the future when a good portion of the respected critical community in this country consider Blue Crush to be an intelligent film about young women
creeped me out
creepiness
creeped me
pretty unpleasant
prevents
creepy atmosphere
prevents them from firing on all cylinders
dead wife communicating from beyond the grave '' framework is even remotely new or interesting
misfit artist
misconstrued
of movie fluff
The package in which this fascinating -- and timely -- content comes wrapped is disappointingly generic .
The overall vibe is druggy and self-indulgent , like a spring-break orgy for pretentious arts majors .
The party scenes deliver some tawdry kicks . The rest of the film ... is dudsville
The party scenes deliver some tawdry kicks . The rest of the film ... is dudsville .
down the toilet with the ferocity of a frozen burrito
downhill
downright movie penance
The beautiful images and solemn words can not disguise the slack complacency of ( Godard 's ) vision , any more than the gorgeous piano and strings on the soundtrack can drown out the tinny self-righteousness of his voice .
Apparently kissing leads to suicide attempts and tragic deaths .
The appeal of the vulgar , sexist , racist humour went over my head or -- considering just how low brow it is
The appeal of the vulgar , sexist , racist humour went over my head or -- considering just how low brow it is --
There 's some outrageously creative action in The Transporter ... ( b ) ut by the time Frank parachutes down onto a moving truck , it 's just another cartoon with an unstoppable superman .
There 's some good material in their story about a retail clerk wanting more out of life , but the movie too often spins its wheels with familiar situations and repetitive scenes
There 's some good material in their story about a retail clerk wanting more out of life , but the movie too often spins its wheels with familiar situations and repetitive scenes .
There 's something fishy about a seasonal holiday kids ' movie ... that derives its moment of most convincing emotional gravity from a scene where Santa gives gifts to grownups
There 's something fishy about a seasonal holiday kids ' movie ... that derives its moment of most convincing emotional gravity from a scene where Santa gives gifts to grownups .
There 's something fishy about a seasonal holiday kids ' movie
There 's something fishy about a seasonal holiday kids ' movie ...
There 's surely something wrong with a comedy where the only belly laughs come from the selection of outtakes tacked onto the end credits .
There 's too much forced drama in this wildly uneven movie , about a young man 's battle with his inescapable past and uncertain future in a very shapable but largely unfulfilling present .
difficult to feel anything much while watching this movie , beyond mild disturbance or detached pleasure at the acting
difficult to fathom
difficult to discern if this is a crazy work of disturbed genius or merely 90 minutes of post-adolescent Electra rebellion
difficult to conceive of anyone who has reached puberty actually finding the characters in Slackers or their antics amusing , let alone funny
difficult to wade through
difficult to imagine that a more confused , less interesting and more sloppily made film could possibly come down the road in 2002
forewarned , if you 're depressed about anything before watching this film
forgets about her other obligations , leading to a tragedy which is somehow guessable from the first few minutes , maybe because it echoes the by now intolerable morbidity of so many recent movies
forgets about her other obligations , leading to a tragedy which is somehow guessable from the first few minutes , maybe because it echoes the by now intolerable morbidity of so many recent movies .
forgettable effort
a wholly unnecessary pre-credit sequence designed to give some of the characters a ` back story
a wholly unnecessary pre-credit sequence
a whole segment of pop-music history has been allowed to get wet , fuzzy and sticky
a whole heap of nothing at the core of this slight coming-of-age\/coming-out tale
a whole heap
responsible for one of the worst movies of one year
's difficult to say whether The Tuxedo is more boring or embarrassing
Will undoubtedly play well in European markets , where Mr. Besson is a brand name , and in Asia , where Ms. Shu is an institution , but American audiences will probably find it familiar and insufficiently cathartic
malnourished intellectuals
's difficult to imagine the process that produced such a script , but here 's guessing that spray cheese and underarm noises played a crucial role
malaise
in the thin soup of canned humor
The period -- swinging London in the time of the mods and the rockers -- gets the once-over once again in Gangster No. 1 , but falls apart long before the end .
you 'll be taking a risk if you choose to see it .
, annoying , heavy-handed
works against itself
slapdash disaster . A DOA dud from frame one .
slapdash mess
skit-com material fervently deposited on the big screen .
, and smugly suggests a superior moral tone is more important than filmmaking skill
slack execution
on theory , sleight-of-hand , and ill-wrought hypothesis
a white-empowered police force
resembles a real-life , big-budget NC-17 version of Tank Girl
resembles a bad high school production of Grease , without benefit of song .
resemblance to , and shares the weaknesses of , too many recent action-fantasy extravaganzas in which special effects overpower cogent story-telling and visual clarity during the big action sequences
resembles a bad high school production of Grease , without benefit of song
resembles a bad high school production of Grease ,
resembles a bad high school production of Grease
No , it 's the repetition of said behavior , and so Children of the Century is more mindless love than mad , more grating and boring than anything else .
No , I hate it .
No , even that 's too committed .
No , it 's the repetition of said behavior ,
No , it 's the repetition of said behavior , and
No , it 's the repetition of said behavior , and so
No , it 's the repetition of said behavior , and so Children of the Century is more mindless love than mad , more grating and boring than anything else
I 've come to expect more from this studio than some 79-minute after-school '' cartoon ''
I 've always dreamed of attending Cannes , but after seeing this film , it 's not that big a deal .
A long , dull procession of despair , set to cello music culled from a minimalist funeral .
A loquacious and dreary piece of business .
A loquacious and dreary piece
A lot like the imaginary sport it projects onto the screen -- loud , violent and mindless .
A loud , brash and mainly unfunny
Start reading your scripts before signing that dotted line
Stealing Harvard does n't care about cleverness , wit or any other kind of intelligent humor .
confused
confusing
confusing and horrifying vision
confusing and horrifying
brought down
waits grimly for the next shock without developing much attachment to the characters .
waits until after halftime to get started .
are telegraphed in the most blithe exchanges gives the film its lingering tug .
as a pompous professor
the endless action sequences
as a muddled and offensive cautionary tale for Hispanic Americans
, Collateral Damage would have been just another bad movie .
the details have faded like photographs from the Spanish-American War
the decidedly foul stylings
's hardly any fun to watch
's hard to like a film about a guy who is utterly unlikeable
's hard to tell with all the crashing and banging where the salesmanship ends
's hard to know whether or not to recommend this film because for every thing it does right there 's at least one and occasionally two things it gets ever so wrong .
's hard to believe these jokers are supposed to have pulled off four similar kidnappings before .
's hard to imagine a more generic effort in the genre
's hard to believe these jokers are supposed to have pulled off four similar kidnappings before
watch middle-age and older men drink to excess , piss on trees , b . s .
watch middle-age and older men drink to excess , piss on trees , b . s . one another
watch middle-age and older men drink to excess , piss on trees , b . s . one another and put on a show in drag
offers an AIDS subtext , skims over the realities of gay sex ,
offers an AIDS subtext , skims over the realities of gay sex , and presents yet another tired old vision of the gay community as an all-inclusive world where uptight , middle class bores like Antonia can feel good about themselves
offers an AIDS subtext , skims over the realities of gay sex , and
offers little insight
the endlessly
in a shabby script
in a sense , that 's a liability .
the endlessly repetitive
story . You 've seen them a million times . Just one problem : Fish out of water usually die .
of film that leaves you scratching your head in amazement over the fact that so many talented people could participate in such an ill-advised and poorly
stops being clever and devolves into flashy , vaguely silly overkill .
stops the blood flow to your brain
was one of the year 's murkiest , intentionally obscure and self-indulgent pictures
is loopy and ludicrous ... that it could have been a hoot in a bad-movie way if the laborious pacing and endless exposition had been tightened .
is loopy and ludicrous ... that it could have been a hoot in a bad-movie way if the laborious pacing and endless exposition had been tightened
is made almost impossible by events that set the plot in motion .
is losing his touch
is long gone
is loopy and ludicrous ...
is loopy and ludicrous
is matched only by the ridiculousness of its premise
last year 's lame Musketeer
cause parents a few sleepless hours
is n't as funny as you 'd hoped
is n't as funny
is n't always coherent
is n't as funny as you 'd hoped . For a film that 's being advertised as a comedy
is n't as funny as you 'd hoped .
carnage and
to be a pretty fair description of how you feel while you 're watching this ultra-manipulative thriller
in the worst way
maggots crawling on a dead dog
the urge to doze
would have been just another bad movie . Now it 's a bad , embarrassing movie
would have been better off dead .
would have a universal product code instead of a title .
would have been better off dead
would have been called The Hills Have Antlers and played for about three weeks in drive-ins
of isolation and frustration
the painstaking
affected and boring
advised to take the warning literally , and log on to something more user-friendly
most immediate and most obvious
most frightening
as if you 're watching a movie that was made in 1978 but not released then because it was so weak , and it has been unearthed and released now , when it has become even weaker
as if the writers mistakenly thought they could achieve an air of frantic spontaneity by simply tossing in lots of characters doing silly stuff and stirring the pot
as ill-starred
as if it could fool us into thinking that we 're not watching a double
as if circularity itself indicated profundity
as if it might have been made in the '70s or '80s
as impenetrable as Morvern
seems unsure of how to evoke any sort of naturalism on the set
think you have figured out the con and the players in this debut film by Argentine director Fabian Bielinsky , but while you were thinking someone made off with your wallet
the most frantic , virulent and foul-natured
the most part a useless movie ,
the most part a useless movie
is nearly incoherent , an excuse to get to the closing bout ... by which time it 's impossible to care who wins .
is nearly incoherent , an excuse to get to the closing bout ... by which time it 's impossible to care who wins
is nearly incoherent ,
is nearly incoherent
is n't worth telling
is n't world championship material
the sentimental oh-those-wacky-Brits genre that was ushered in by The Full Monty and is still straining to produce another smash
the Average White Band 's `` Pick up the Pieces
the B.S.
the 2002 film does n't really believe in it , and breaks the mood with absurdly inappropriate ` comedy ' scenes .
the B.S. giving a big middle-fingered `` shut up '' to those who talk up what is nothing more than two guys beating the hell outta one another
to hang a soap opera on
It 's hard to imagine anybody ever being '' in the mood '' to view a movie as harrowing and painful as The Grey Zone
It 's hard to imagine anybody ever being '' in the mood '' to view a movie as harrowing and painful as The Grey Zone ,
It 's hard to imagine anybody ever being '' in the mood '' to view a movie as harrowing and painful as The Grey Zone , but
literary desecrations
limited sets
laughter in what 's supposed to be a comedy
lavishly praised by those who equate obscurity with profundity
lays it on so thick this time that it feels like a suicide race
this opera is n't a favorite , so
this opera is n't a favorite ,
this opera is n't a favorite , so it 's a long time before the fat lady sings .
this opera is n't a favorite , so it 's a long time before the fat lady sings
this new jangle of noise , mayhem and stupidity must be a serious contender for the title .
this nonsensical story
which to hang his persistently useless movies
so many red herrings , so many false scares ,
so many red herrings , so many false scares
so many merchandised-to-the-max movies of this type
so many people put so much time and energy into this turkey
are n't many reasons anyone would want to see Crossroads if they 're not big fans of teen pop kitten Britney Spears
are neither original
are n't so substantial or fresh
are n't interesting enough to watch them go about their daily activities for two whole hours
are n't all that interesting
are n't likely to leave a lasting impression .
are n't likely to leave a lasting impression
are neither original nor are presented in convincing way
offers a desperately ingratiating performance
offering next to little insight into its intriguing subject
offering next to little insight
to every family whose mother has suffered through the horrible pains of a death by cancer
to examine , the interior lives of the characters in his film , much less incorporate them into his narrative
Frank Novak 's irritating slice of lumpen life is as reliably soul-killing as its title is nearly meaningless .
Frank Novak 's irritating slice of lumpen life
Frank Novak 's irritating slice
entered the bizarre realm
ensues when brash young men set out to conquer the online world with laptops , cell phones and sketchy business plans
ensues are much blood-splattering
's in danger of going wrong
's impossible to shake .
Enough is not a bad movie , just mediocre .
Enigma lacks it .
Enough said , except : Film overboard !
'll ever see and dissolves into a routine courtroom drama , better suited for a movie titled `` Glory : A Soldier 's Story . ''
Having never been a huge fan of Dickens ' 800-page novel
Have-yourself-a-happy-little-Holocaust
sinks to a Harrison Ford low .
thought I was too hard on '' The Mothman Prophecies ''
unrepentantly trashy
unrelentingly claustrophobic and
on standard horror flick formula
Involves two mysteries -- one it gives away and the other featuring such badly drawn characters that its outcome hardly matters .
Involves two mysteries -- one it gives away and the other featuring such badly drawn characters that its outcome hardly matters
Involves two mysteries -- one it gives away and
, the rest of us will be lulled into a coma .
, the picture feels as if everyone making it lost their movie mojo .
, the movie would have benefited from a little more dramatic tension and some more editing .
, the picture begins to resemble the shapeless , grasping actors ' workshop that it is .
Involving at times , but lapses quite casually into the absurd .
remain an unchanged dullard
remain interested , or at least conscious
remain the same throughout .
remains a chilly , clinical lab report
remains a complete blank
remains a loosely tied series of vignettes which only prove that ` zany ' does n't necessarily mean ` funny .
skirts around any scenes that might have required genuine acting from Ms . Spears
slacker characters
it does n't really deliver the delicious guilty pleasure of the better film versions .
a couple hours of summertime and a bucket of popcorn . Nothing overly original
treads predictably along familiar territory
will always be remembered for the 9-11 terrorist attacks . After seeing the film , I can tell you that there 's no other reason why anyone should bother remembering it
will always be remembered for the 9-11 terrorist attacks . After seeing the film , I can tell you that there 's no other reason why anyone should bother remembering it .
a speedy swan dive
, it loses steam towards the middle and never really develops beyond attacking obvious target .
, it offends by just being wishy-washy
, it projects the same lazy affability as its nominal star , David Arquette .
is tragically rare in the depiction of young women in film
On a cutting room floor somewhere lies ... footage that might have made No Such Thing a trenchant , ironic cultural satire instead of a frustrating misfire .
On its own , it 's not very interesting . As a remake , it 's a pale imitation .
Once again , director Chris Columbus takes a hat-in-hand approach to Rowling that stifles creativity and allows the film to drag on for nearly three hours .
One can only assume that the jury who bestowed star Hoffman 's brother Gordy with the Waldo Salt Screenwriting award at 2002 's Sundance Festival were honoring an attempt to do something different over actually pulling it off
rolling over in their graves
rolling over
roll over and take a nap
need all the luck they can muster just figuring out who 's who in this pretentious mess
need agile performers
necessary self-control to guide a loose , poorly structured film through the pitfalls of incoherence and redundancy
you 'd think filmmaker Simon Wells would have more reverence for the material .
yet unforgivingly inconsistent
yet unforgivingly inconsistent depiction
all its flaws
all its problems
torn away from the compelling historical tale to a less-compelling soap opera
so much fun dissing the film that they did n't mind the ticket cost . In this case zero
at its worst
problem ? No laughs
probably be one of those movies barely registering a blip on the radar screen of 2002 .
of mushy obviousness
worked too hard on this movie
worked five years ago
felt trapped and with no obvious escape for the entire 100 minutes .
worked so much better dealing in only one reality
worked five years ago but has since lost its fizz
disturbing . disgusting .
disturbing . disgusting . without any redeeming
disturbing .
disturbing . disgusting
distract you from the ricocheting
disturbing
distract you
meant to buy that this doting mother would shun her kids , travel to one of the most dangerous parts of the world , don fatigues and become G.I. Jane
The problem is not that it 's all derivative , because plenty of funny movies recycle old tropes . The problem is that Van Wilder does little that is actually funny with the material .
regardless of whether you think kissinger was a calculating fiend or just a slippery self-promoter
refuses to spell things out for viewers
refuses
that 's so sloppily written and cast that you can not believe anyone more central to the creation of Bugsy than the caterer
that 's enough .
is significantly less charming than listening to a four-year-old with a taste for exaggeration recount
is shrewd enough to activate girlish tear ducts does n't mean it 's good enough for our girls .
is shrewd enough to activate girlish tear ducts does n't mean it 's good enough for our girls
is shockingly bad and absolutely unnecessary .
is shockingly bad and absolutely unnecessary
is simply a matter of ( being ) in a shrugging mood .
took three minutes of dialogue , 30 seconds of plot and
all the bouncing back and forth ca n't help but become a bit tedious
all the bouncing
all the writhing and wailing
all the writhing and
subject as monstrous
sub-formulaic
sub-formulaic slap
subdues his natural exuberance
sub-sophomoric
the Stepford Wives mentality does n't work in a modern context
keeping time as I slogged my way through Clockstoppers
toothless Dog
keep the audience guessing and guessing -- which is not to be confused with suspecting -- until it comes time to wrap things up and send the viewers home
the latter 's attendant intelligence
the kind of prechewed racial clichés that have already been through the corporate stand-up-comedy mill
The plot is paper-thin and
torn apart by dingoes
make him a problematic documentary subject
tries to be ethereal , but ends up seeming goofy
tries to be ethereal , but ends up seeming goofy .
tries to force its quirkiness upon the audience
tries to force its quirkiness upon the audience .
tries to grab us , only to keep letting go at all the wrong moments
tries to pump life into overworked elements from Eastwood 's Dirty Harry period
are uncomfortably strained
are typical Sandler fare
are undermined by the movie 's presentation , which is way too stagy .
are uncomfortably strained .
are undermined by the movie 's presentation , which is way too stagy
are useful in telling the story , which is paper-thin and decidedly unoriginal
think it 's a tougher picture than it is .
of bad taste
do n't want to use your brain .
do n't want to use your brain
do n't understand what on earth is going on
in the pile of useless actioners
the action switches between past and present , but the material link is too tenuous to anchor the emotional connections that purport to span a 125-year divide
his slasher video from spare parts
the action switches between past and present , but the material link is too tenuous to anchor the emotional connections that purport to span a 125-year divide .
on the cannibal genre
a painful incident
greased with every emotional device known to man .
the chaotic horror
all over the map thematically and stylistically , and borrows heavily from Lynch , Jeunet , and von Trier while failing to find a spark of its own
all of this unpleasantness
all portent and no content
one pine for the day when godard can no longer handle the rigors of filmmaking
all seemed wasted like DeNiro 's once promising career and the once grand Long Beach boardwalk .
all relationships are simultaneously broadly metaphorical , oddly abstract , and excruciatingly literal
that its intended audience has n't yet had much science
shameless '70s blaxploitation shuck-and-jive sitcom
has all but lost
wish Jacquot had left well enough alone and just filmed the opera without all these distortions of perspective
recent crass-a-thons
the problem with antwone fisher is that it has a screenplay written by antwone fisher based on the book by antwone fisher .
the project comes across as clinical , detached , uninvolving , possibly prompting audience members to wonder , ` what 's the point ? '
the story never takes hold
recent Dumas botch-jobs
recent Hollywood trip tripe
Armageddon
the movie in a superficial way , while never sure
absolutely deja vu
absent in recent crass-a-thons like Tomcats , Freddy Got Fingered , and Slackers
that its own action is n't very effective
the dry humor
the dreary expanse of dead-end distaste
the dreary expanse of dead-end distaste the characters inhabit into a poem of art , music and metaphor
the dreadfulness
for technical flaws to get in the way
turkey-on-rolls , stubbly chins , liver spots ,
children and ostensible adults
think it 's a tougher picture than it is
missing in murder by numbers is any real psychological grounding for the teens ' deviant behavior . being latently gay and
missing in murder by numbers is any real psychological grounding for the teens ' deviant behavior . being latently gay and liking to read
missing in murder by numbers is any real psychological grounding for the teens ' deviant behavior . being latently gay
mixed results
Makhmalbaf keeps her distance from the characters
Makes for a pretty unpleasant viewing experience
Makes for a pretty unpleasant viewing experience .
Crossroads comes up shorter than Britney 's cutoffs .
Criminal
, the jokes are a little lukewarm ,
, the film starts playing like General Hospital crossed with a Saturday Night Live spoof of Dog Day Afternoon .
, the filmmaker 's relative passivity will make it tough for them to really care .
, the horror concept completely loses its creepy menace .
, the humor did n't quite engage this adult
, the ingredients are there . But an unwillingness to explore beyond the surfaces of her characters prevents Nettelbeck 's film from coming together .
A sophomoric exploration of ` life problems ' most people solved
A sophomoric exploration
A sophomoric exploration of ` life problems ' most people solved long ago -- or at least got tired of hearing people kvetch about .
A sour , nasty offering .
A sour , nasty offering
overall blandness
overacted
overacted with all the boozy self-indulgence that brings out the worst in otherwise talented actors
over-romanticize the spiritual desolation of the struggling artiste
over-the-top mix
over-reliance
long and unfocused
overall limp ,
will dip into your wallet , swipe 90 minutes of your time , and offer you precisely this in recompense : A few early laughs scattered around a plot as thin as it is repetitious .
a flop with the exception of about six gags
a flop
a flat , unconvincing drama that never catches fire
a flat , unconvincing drama
laddish and juvenile , only teenage boys
laddish and juvenile , only teenage boys could possibly find it funny
lack the kind of genuine depth that would make them redeemable
laddish and juvenile
laddish and juvenile ,
laddish and juvenile , only
laddish and juvenile , only teenage
rips off many of its ideas
An incoherent jumble of a film that 's rarely as entertaining as it could have been .
But the movie that does n't really deliver for country music fans or for family audiences
But the movie 's narrative hook is way too muddled to be an effectively chilling guilty pleasure .
But then again , I hate myself most mornings .
But the second half of the movie really goes downhill .
But the problem with Wendigo , for all its effective moments , is n't really one of resources .
But they do n't fit well together and neither is well told .
But there 's plenty to offend everyone ...
, stay away .
, such revelations wilt .
all ca n't stand
let 's just say the ingredients do n't quite add up to a meal
... the cast portrays their cartoon counterparts well ... but quite frankly , Scoob and Shag do n't eat enough during the film . '
of anti-Semitism ever seen on screen
... was unable to reproduce the special spark between the characters that made the first film such a delight .
... unlikable , uninteresting , unfunny , and completely , utterly inept .
the direct antithesis of what it gets right
What more can be expected from a college comedy that 's target audience has n't graduated from junior high school ?
What might have emerged as hilarious lunacy in the hands of Woody Allen or Mel Brooks ( at least during their '70s heyday ) comes across as lame and sophomoric in this debut indie feature .
What little atmosphere is generated by the shadowy lighting , macabre sets , and endless rain is offset by the sheer ugliness of everything else .
What might 've been an exhilarating exploration of an odd love triangle
really has no place to go since Simone is not real
really horrible
really horrible drek .
there 's plenty to offend everyone ...
and altogether creepy
a bit draggy at times
may ask , why should you buy the movie milk when the TV cow is free ?
there are more fascinating acts than `` Confessions of a Dangerous Mind
meddling
mediocre TV-movie
mechanical you can smell the grease on the plot
mechanical and joyless
mechanical and joyless .
mediocre trifle
, let alone conscious of each other 's existence .
's the element of condescension , as the filmmakers look down on their working-class subjects from their lofty perch , that finally makes Sex With Strangers , which opens today in the New York metropolitan area , so distasteful
's the element of condescension ,
's the element of condescension , as the filmmakers look down on their working-class subjects from their lofty perch , that finally makes Sex With Strangers , which opens today in the New York metropolitan area , so distasteful .
succumbing to its own bathos
Mafia , rap stars and hood rats butt their ugly heads
acting , poorly dubbed dialogue and murky cinematography
A thriller without thrills and a mystery devoid of urgent questions .
A timid , soggy near miss
A tired , predictable
A timid , soggy near miss .
A tired , unnecessary retread
A tired , predictable , bordering on offensive , waste of time , money and celluloid .
A tired , unnecessary retread ... a stale copy of a picture that was n't all that great to begin with
A tired , unnecessary retread ...
too bored to care
77 minutes of pokemon may not last 4ever , it just seems like it does .
77 minutes of pokemon may not last 4ever , it just seems like it does
77 minutes of pokemon may not last 4ever , it just
77 minutes of pokemon may not last 4ever , it
77 minutes of pokemon may not last 4ever , it just seems like it does . my only wish is that celebi could take me back to a time before i saw this movie and i could just skip it .
77 minutes of pokemon may not last 4ever , it just seems like it does . my only wish is that celebi could take me back to a time before i saw this movie and i could just skip it
77 minutes of pokemon may not last 4ever , it just seems like it does . my only wish
is more in love with strangeness than excellence
swallow than Julie Taymor 's preposterous Titus
If you 've got a house full of tots -- do n't worry , this will be on video long before they grow up and you can wait till then .
If you 're the kind of parent who enjoys intentionally introducing your kids to films which will cause loads of irreparable damage that years and years of costly analysis could never fix , I have just one word for you - -- Decasia
If you 're the kind of parent who enjoys intentionally introducing your kids to films which will cause loads of irreparable damage that years and years of costly analysis could never fix
a tired Tyco ad
the artificial structure
be better to wait for the video
be as tiresome as 9 seconds of Jesse Helms ' anti- Castro
be better suited to a night in the living room than a night at the movies
be barely enough to sustain an interstitial program on the Discovery Channel
be at the dollar theatres by the time Christmas rolls around
Shrewd but pointless
Shrewd but pointless .
Shrewd
Simon Wells would have more reverence for the material
where nothing really happens
is more depressing than entertaining
whether to admire the film 's stately nature and call it classicism or be exasperated by a noticeable lack of pace
a reluctant , irresponsible man and the kid who latches onto him
both preposterous and thoroughly misogynistic
bored or frustrated
bored or frustrated by the film
squint to avoid noticing some truly egregious lip-non-synching
out-outrage
out-shock , out-outrage or out-depress
retread ,
retread , hobbled by half-baked setups and sluggish pacing
The biggest problem
wears out its welcome as tryingly as the title character .
wears out its welcome as tryingly as the title character
violent and
warmed-over James Bond adventure
squirming
the punishing
Leaves viewers out in the cold and undermines some phenomenal performances .
Leaks treacle from every pore .
is painfully bad ,
silliness
is painfully bad
is too pedestrian a filmmaker to bring any edge or personality to The Rising Place that would set it apart from other Deep South stories
is too pedestrian a filmmaker to bring any edge or personality to The Rising Place that would set it apart from other Deep South stories .
is too heady for children , and too preachy
is too heady for children , and too preachy for adults
is too much like a fragment of an underdone potato
is too much like a fragment of an underdone potato .
is too heady for children , and too preachy for adults .
is too loud and thoroughly overbearing
that 's likely to irk viewers
that 's neither completely enlightening
that 's neither completely enlightening ,
that 's not saying much
A little uneven to be the cat 's meow ,
shaking its blair witch project real-time roots
it could be a lot better if it were , well , more adventurous .
it defeats his larger purpose
it created whole new levels of ugly .
skip to another review
too slow
is parochial , accessible to a chosen few , standoffish to everyone else , and smugly suggests a superior moral tone is more important than filmmaking skill
, all this visual trickery stops being clever and devolves into flashy , vaguely silly overkill .
far too
like mike is n't interested in recycling old cliches . it
's spiffing up leftovers that are n't so substantial or fresh
's something impressive and yet lacking about everything .
's something awfully deadly about any movie with a life-affirming message
's something I would rather live in denial about
's still too burdened by the actor
disdain
half the excitement of Balto , or quarter the fun of Toy Story 2
half-baked and
half-baked and overheated
K-19 will not go down in the annals of cinema as one of the great submarine stories ,
Just offbeat
of ` let 's get this thing over with
of ` Sacre bleu ! ' than ` Magnifique '
of ` Fatal Attraction ' for the teeny-bopper set
it simply lulls you into a gentle waking coma .
to the next , hastily , emptily
to the nadir of the thriller\/horror
to the movie 's rude and crude humor
too bad the film 's story does not live up to its style
all awkward , static ,
all awkward
Lots of effort and intelligence are on display but in execution it is all awkward , static , and lifeless rumblings .
cover its clunky dialogue and lapses
must be low , very low , very very low , for the masquerade to work
Fish out of water
mixed up together like a term paper from a kid who ca n't quite distinguish one sci-fi work from another
fighting the same fights
Fulfills the minimum requirement of Disney animation
fifth beer-soaked film
The character of ZigZag is not sufficiently developed to support a film constructed around him .
's a bit disappointing
's a bit disappointing that it only manages to be decent instead of dead brilliant .
has some problems .
has some problems
criminally badly acted
critical distance and a sad trust
critics afforded to Clint Eastwood in the lazy Bloodwork .
do n't : chimps , lots of chimps , all blown up to the size of a house .
bordering on confessional
boorishness
, he staggers in terms of story .
, haphazard , and inconsequential romantic
the downward spiral comes to pass
Scoob and Shag do n't eat enough during the film . '
an action film disguised as a war tribute is disgusting to begin with
Scotland , PA is entirely too straight-faced to transcend its clever concept .
Scooby-Doo does n't know if it wants to be a retro-refitting exercise in campy recall for older fans or a silly , Nickelodeon-esque kiddie flick .
a throwaway , junk-food movie
. This is a shameless sham , calculated to cash in on the popularity of its stars .
In the end , The Weight of Water comes to resemble the kind of soft-core twaddle you 'd expect to see on Showtime 's ` Red Shoe Diaries . '
In my opinion , Analyze That is not as funny or entertaining as Analyze This , but
In my opinion , Analyze That is not as funny or entertaining as Analyze This
In my opinion , Analyze That is not as funny or entertaining as Analyze This ,
The performances are so overstated , the effect comes off as self-parody .
watching this saccharine , Easter-egg-colored concoction
a movie can be mindless without being the peak of all things insipid
as pantomimesque sterotypes
make a hotdog into anything more than a hotdog
make a dull , pretentious version of Jesus ' Son
crematorium
creepy and vague
crematorium chimney fires and stacks of dead bodies
Confusion is one of my least favourite emotions , especially when I have to put up with 146 minutes of it .
If a big musical number like ` Praise the Lord , He 's the God of Second Chances ' does n't put you off
worst enemy
, leaning on badly-rendered CGI effects .
, laughably predictable wail pitched to the cadence of a depressed fifteen-year-old 's suicidal poetry .
, ivans xtc . is a mess .
, its true colors come out in various wet T-shirt and shower scenes .
It throws quirky characters , odd situations , and off-kilter dialogue at us , all as if to say , '' Look at this ! This is an interesting movie ! '' But the film itself is ultimately quite unengaging
, let alone funny
It throws quirky characters , odd situations , and off-kilter dialogue at us , all as if to say , '' Look at this ! This is an interesting movie ! '' But the film itself is ultimately quite unengaging .
The pretensions -- and disposable story --
The premise of '' Abandon '' holds promise , ... but its delivery is a complete mess
The premise of '' Abandon '' holds promise , ... but its delivery is a complete mess .
The pretensions -- and disposable story -- sink the movie . And Diesel is n't the actor to save it
The pretensions -- and disposable story -- sink the movie . And Diesel is n't the actor to save it .
The pretensions -- and disposable story -- sink the movie .
The pretensions -- and disposable story -- sink the movie . And
watching this meaningless downer
gives new meaning to the phrase ` fatal script error
deep vein
Awkward
on the inanity -- and the Cold War datedness -- of its premise
absurdities
absurdities and
inane , inoffensive screaming and exaggerated facial expressions
of common concern
daft by half ...
running around , screaming
would n't want to live waydowntown
would n't have the guts to make .
pile too many '' serious issues '' on its plate at times ,
pile up , undermining the movie 's reality and stifling its creator 's comic voice
em que ,
elusive '' missing
the most restless young audience deserves the dignity of an action hero motivated by something more than franchise possibilities .
Until its final minutes this is a perceptive study of two families in crisis -- and of two girls whose friendship is severely tested by bad luck and their own immaturity .
Until it goes off the rails in its final 10 or 15 minutes
that it does n't even qualify as a spoof of such
that it feels almost anachronistic
that it feels less like bad cinema than like being stuck in a dark pit having a nightmare about bad cinema
It 's painful .
to find some hook on which to hang his persistently useless movies
dabbles all around , never gaining much momentum .
rigorously
right through the B . S . giving a big middle-fingered '' shut up '' to those who talk up what is nothing more than two guys beating the hell outta one another
right over everyone 's head
risks seeming slow and pretentious , because it thinks the gamble is worth the promise
a been-there
dabbles all around , never gaining much momentum
An empty , purposeless
An empty , purposeless exercise .
An empty , ugly exercise
An awkward hybrid of genres that just does n't work .
An awkwardly contrived exercise
An awkwardly contrived exercise in magic realism
An awkwardly contrived exercise in magic realism .
a beer with but they 're simply not funny performers
An empty shell
a besotted and obvious drama
so slick and watered-down it almost loses what made you love it
so self-possessed
so second-rate
so sketchy it amounts to little more than preliminary notes for a science-fiction horror film
so short could be so flabby
in the worst elements of all of them
in the worst sense of the expression
in the translation ... another routine Hollywood frightfest in which the slack execution italicizes the absurdity of the premise
in the tries-so-hard-to-be-cool '' Clockstoppers
uncompelling the movie is unless it happens to cover your particular area of interest
uncompelling the movie
uncool the only thing missing is the `` Gadzooks !
uncool the only thing missing is the `` Gadzooks
uncool the only thing missing is the `` Gadzooks ! ''
is sure to test severely the indulgence of fans of Amélie
at the absurdities and inconsistencies
Ringu is a disaster of a story , full of holes and completely lacking in chills .
Rifkin no doubt fancies himself something of a Hubert Selby Jr. , but there is n't an ounce of honest poetry in his entire script
Rifkin no doubt fancies himself something of a Hubert Selby Jr. , but there is n't an ounce of honest poetry in his entire script ; it 's simply crude and unrelentingly exploitative
Rifkin no doubt fancies himself something of a Hubert Selby Jr. , but there is n't an ounce of honest poetry in his entire script ;
Right now , they 're merely signposts marking the slow , lingering death of imagination .
Rifkin no doubt fancies himself something of a Hubert Selby Jr. , but there is n't an ounce of honest poetry in his entire script ; it 's simply crude and unrelentingly exploitative .
watching your neighbor 's home videos
should have been a more compelling excuse to pair Susan Sarandon and Goldie Hawn .
should have been a more compelling excuse to pair Susan Sarandon and Goldie Hawn
Lazy , miserable and smug
Lazy , miserable and smug .
Lazy ,
Laughably , irredeemably awful .
Late Marriage 's stiffness is unlikely to demonstrate the emotional clout to sweep U.S. viewers off their feet .
the barriers finally prove to be too great
though unhappily for his subjects --
though viewers may be more exhausted than the athletes onscreen
the bloated costume drama
anywhere could have thought they 'd make audiences guffaw with a script as utterly diabolical as this
anything remotely intelligent
a slow , soggy , soporific , visually dank crime melodrama\/character study
a slow , soggy , soporific , visually dank crime melodrama\/character study that would be more at home on the small screen but for its stellar cast
The Irwins emerge unscathed , but the fictional footage is unconvincing and criminally badly acted
a romantic relationship between a 15-year-old boy and a 40-year-old woman does n't work
The Iditarod lasts for days - this just felt like it did
The Iditarod lasts for days - this just felt like it did .
's not helpful to listen to extremist name-calling , regardless of whether you think kissinger was a calculating fiend or just a slippery self-promoter
into a 90-minute movie that feels five hours long
is n't reacting to humor so much as they are wincing back in repugnance
go to the U . N . and ask permission for a preemptive strike
go straight to video
go to a bank manager and save everyone the misery
is n't much to laugh at
is n't nearly as good to his crew as he is as a director or actor .
is n't nearly as good to his crew as he is as a director or actor
is n't nearly enough fun here
Festers in just such a dungpile that you 'd swear you were watching monkeys flinging their feces at you .
-- but it 's a rushed , slapdash , sequel-for-the-sake - of-a-sequel with less than half the plot and ingenuity
the turmoil
I doubt anyone will remember the picture by the time Christmas really rolls around ,
to hear the full story of Jonah 's despair -- in all its agonizing , Catch-22 glory -- even if they spend years trying to comprehend it
you just do n't care whether that cold-hearted snake Petrovich ( that would be Reno ) gets his comeuppance . Just bring on the Battle Bots , please !
I do n't mean that in a good way
you have to check your brain at the door
I do n't have an I Am Sam clue .
I do n't give a damn , ' have never been more appropriate .
you have a case of masochism and an hour and a half to blow
I do n't think so
you had already seen that movie
There 's a neat twist , subtly rendered , that could have wrapped things up at 80 minutes , but Kang tacks on three or four more endings
I do n't see the point .
compensate for its incessant coarseness and banality
half an
's kind of sad that so many people put so much time and energy into this turkey .
's lazy for a movie to avoid solving one problem by trying to distract us with the solution to another .
's just too boring and obvious
's just too dry and too placid
's just tediously bad ,
's just tediously bad , something to be fully forgotten
's kind of sad
's kind of sad that so many people put so much time and energy into this turkey
's just weirdness for the sake of weirdness
watched nothing but a pale imitation of the real deal
watching blobby old-school cgi animation in this superlarge format
watching blobby old-school cgi animation
a bad taste
a bad taste ,
a bad odor
a bad one
a bad rock concert
a bad sign in a thriller when you instantly know whodunit
a bad sign when they 're supposed to be having a collective heart attack
a bad slasher
a bad soap opera
understandable to viewers looking for nothing
Though there 's a clarity of purpose and even-handedness to the film 's direction , the drama feels rigged and sluggish .
the insanity
care about a young man whose only apparent virtue is that he is not quite as unpleasant as some of the people in his life
odd , inexplicable and unpleasant
occasionally interesting
any less enjoyable
An achingly enthralling premise , the film is hindered by uneven dialogue and plot lapses .
more irritating
put off by the film 's austerity
put my finger on that elusive '' missing thing
they might try paying less attention to the miniseries and more attention to the film it is about .
of promising ideas and failed narrative , of good acting and plain old bad filmmaking
From
resembles the el cheapo margaritas served within .
they poorly rejigger Fatal Attraction into a high school setting
flaccid
flaccid odd-couple sniping
flabby
fixating on a far corner of the screen at times because your nerves just ca n't take it any more
come , already having been recycled more times than I 'd care to count
Confuses its message with an ultimate desire to please
Confuses its message with an ultimate desire
Confuses its message
Confuses its message with an ultimate desire to please , and contorting itself into an idea of expectation
Confuses its message with an ultimate desire to please , and
gives brutal birth
gives Dahmer a consideration that the murderer never game his victims
may well be the only one laughing at his own joke
irrelevancy
irrational , long-suffering but cruel
saccharine genre
may work as an addictive guilty pleasure but the material never overcomes its questionable satirical ambivalence . This Scarlet 's letter is A ... as in aimless , arduous , and arbitrary
no special effects , and
may work as an addictive guilty pleasure but the material never overcomes its questionable satirical ambivalence . This Scarlet 's letter is A ... as in aimless , arduous , and arbitrary .
a mediocre one
` The Country Bears ' should never have been brought out of hibernation
to consider the looseness of the piece
to comparing The Evil Dead with Evil Dead II
to compensate for the movie 's failings
a potentially sudsy set-up
was developed hastily after Oedekerk
's equally distasteful to watch him sing the lyrics to `` Tonight
Despite Juliet Stevenon 's attempt to bring cohesion to Pamela 's emotional roller coaster life , it is not enough to give the film the substance it so desperately needs .
Despite Juliet Stevenon 's attempt to bring cohesion to Pamela 's emotional roller coaster life
Despite Hoffman 's best efforts , Wilson remains a silent , lumpish cipher
Despite Hoffman 's best efforts , Wilson remains a silent , lumpish cipher ; his encounters reveal nothing about who he is or who he was before
Deserving of its critical backlash and more
Despite Hoffman 's best efforts
Deserving of its critical backlash and more .
The only fun part of the movie is playing the obvious game . You try to guess the order in which the kids in the house will be gored .
The only fun part of the movie is playing the obvious game
The obligatory break-ups and
The obnoxious special effects
The obnoxious special effects , the obligatory outbursts of flatulence and the incessant , so-five-minutes-ago pop music on the soundtrack
The obnoxious special effects ,
The obnoxious special effects , the obligatory outbursts of flatulence and the incessant , so-five-minutes-ago pop music on the soundtrack overwhelm what is left of the scruffy , dopey old Hanna-Barbera charm .
dampened by a lackluster script and substandard performances
Nothing about this movie works .
Nothing about the film -- with the possible exception of Elizabeth Hurley 's breasts -- is authentic .
Nothing about the film -- with the possible exception of Elizabeth Hurley 's breasts --
Nothing about them is attractive .
a tough pill to swallow
a tough pill to swallow and
a touch too Arthouse 101 in its poetic symbolism
and mawkish dialogue
a lightweight
was botched in execution
of a dormant national grief and curiosity that has calcified into chronic cynicism and fear
chilling tale
chemists in 1949
In a normal screen process , these bromides would be barely enough to sustain an interstitial program on the Discovery Channel .
In Full is so stale , in fact , that its most vibrant scene is one that uses clips from Brian De Palma 's Scarface .
the devastation of this disease
the devastation
the least bit mesmerizing
the lazy plotting
the laziness and arrogance of a thing that already knows it 's won
, I ca n't think of a single good reason to see this movie , even though everyone in my group extemporaneously shouted , `
projects the same lazy affability
such silliness as that snake-down-the-throat business
sucking face and literally sucking face
that the jury who bestowed star Hoffman 's brother Gordy with the Waldo Salt Screenwriting award at 2002 's Sundance Festival were honoring an attempt to do something different over actually pulling it off
It 's a film with an idea buried somewhere inside its fabric , but never clearly seen or felt .
It 's a grab bag of genres that do n't add up to a whole lot of sense .
It 's a loathsome movie
It 's a film that hinges on its casting , and Glover really does n't fit the part
It 's a film that hinges on its casting , and Glover really does n't fit the part .
It 's a loathsome movie ,
It 's a loathsome movie , it really is
One groan-inducing familiarity
absurd ,
is one baaaaaaaaad movie
is one baaaaaaaaad movie .
is offensive , puerile and unimaginatively foul-mouthed
is offensive , puerile and unimaginatively foul-mouthed if it was at least funny
is nowhere near as refined as all the classic dramas it borrows from
is off his game
is offset by the sheer ugliness of everything else
is often way off
sit through a crummy , wannabe-hip crime comedy that refers incessantly to old movies , when you could just rent those movies instead , let alone seek out a respectable new one
sit through -- despite some first-rate performances by its lead
it 's a bit smug and repetitive
The Adventures of Pluto Nash '' is a big time stinker .
ca n't get no satisfaction without the latter
A miniscule little bleep on the film radar , but
in sorrow
wishy-washy melodramatic movie
wishing that you and they were in another movie
either the die-hard Jason fans or those who can take a good joke
egotistical endeavor
have been conjured up only 10 minutes prior to filming
have been just another bad movie . Now it 's a bad , embarrassing movie
Our culture is headed down the toilet with the ferocity of a frozen burrito after an all-night tequila bender -- and I know this because I 've seen ` jackass : the movie
Our culture is headed down the toilet with the ferocity of a frozen burrito after an all-night tequila bender -- and I know this because I 've seen ` jackass : the movie .
Our culture is headed down the toilet with the ferocity of a frozen burrito after an all-night tequila bender
the subtitles fool you
the sulking , moody male hustler
the subject matter would suggest , but is a little like a nature film , showing a patient predator and his foolish prey
the sum of the parts equals largely a confused mediocrity .
Our culture is headed down the toilet with the ferocity of a frozen burrito after an all-night tequila bender -- and I know this because I 've seen ` jackass : the movie . '
This toothless Dog , already on cable , loses all bite on the big screen .
This toothless Dog , already on cable ,
if cheap moments
if cheap
at least 10 complete misses
at its greasiest
at its worst when it 's actually inside the ring
at least 10 complete misses , many coming from the amazingly lifelike Tara Reid , whose acting skills are comparable to a cardboard cutout
dishonest and pat as any Hollywood fluff .
dishonest and pat
dislocation
disintegrating over the course of the movie
evil , monstrous lunatic
Not exaggerated enough to be a parody of gross-out flicks , college flicks , or even flicks in general .
nothing delivered by the former mr
nothing left over for jokes
nothing but a pale imitation of the real deal
wanted to leave
nothing new
I did n't believe for a moment in these villains or their plot .
is beyond me .
everything too safe
obtuse and unapproachable
obvious copy
There are problems with this film that even 3 Oscar winners ca n't overcome
not a great Bond movie
not be as palatable as intended
not buy the ideas
get you down
get to the closing bout ... by which time it 's impossible to care who wins
struts about with `` courage '' pinned to its huckster lapel while a yellow streak a mile wide decorates its back .
struggles to rebel against his oppressive , right-wing , propriety-obsessed family .
struggling to put my finger on that elusive `` missing thing
I cry for I Spy
a novice to the form
a nightmare made flesh
There is more than one joke about putting the toilet seat down . And that should tell you everything you need to know about All the Queen 's Men
I cry for I Spy --
There is simply not enough of interest onscreen to sustain its seventy-minute running time .
There might be some sort of credible gender-provoking philosophy submerged here , but who the hell cares ?
had nothing left over for jokes
creepy by its '' men in a sardine can '' warped logic
the marquis de sade could n't have been as dull a person as this film makes him out to be
the writer-director of this little $ 1.8 million charmer , which may not be cutting-edge indie filmmaking
the worst -- and only -- killer website movie
The film 's darker moments become smoothed over by an overwhelming need to tender inspirational tidings , especially in the last few cloying moments
The film 's final hour , where nearly all the previous unseen material resides , is unconvincing soap opera that Tornatore was right to cut .
The film 's hero is a bore and
The film 's hero is a bore
, you know the picture is in trouble .
the film 's lamer
lack substance
lackluster
lack contrast , are murky and are frequently too dark to be decipherable
lacks juice and delight
lacks the inspiration of the original
lacks
lacks in originality
lacks the inspiration of the original and
lacks the inspiration of the original and has a bloated plot that stretches the running time about 10 minutes past a child 's interest and an adult 's patience .
fade from memory
failed jokes
failed jokes ,
failed jokes , twitchy acting
failed jokes , twitchy acting ,
failed jokes , twitchy acting , and
failed jokes , twitchy acting , and general boorishness
pumpkin sits in a patch somewhere between mirthless todd solondzian satire and callow student film .
are more involving than this mess .
of the arrogant '' if we put together a wry white man and a chatty black man and give them guns , the movie
of the Police Academy series
this Hollywood contrivance orbits around
dumb , narratively chaotic , visually sloppy ...
desperately looks elsewhere , seizing on George 's haplessness and Lucy 's personality tics .
desperate for attention it nearly breaks its little neck trying to perform entertaining tricks
despairingly awful
, a few too many weeping
desire to match mortarboards with Dead Poets Society and Good Will Hunting than by its own story
designed to make you feel guilty about ignoring what the filmmakers clearly believe
designed to fill time , providing no real sense of suspense
Build some robots , haul 'em to the theatre with you for the late show , and put on your own Mystery Science Theatre 3000 tribute to what is almost certainly going to go down as the worst -- and only -- killer website movie of this or any other year
Bullock and Grant still look ill at ease sharing the same scene .
Build some robots , haul 'em to the theatre with you for the late show , and put on your own Mystery Science Theatre 3000 tribute to what is almost certainly going to go down as the worst -- and only -- killer website movie of this or any other year .
Buries an interesting storyline about morality and the choices we make underneath such a mountain of clichés and borrowed images that it might more accurately be titled Mr. Chips off the Old Block
Buries an interesting storyline about morality and the choices we make underneath such a mountain of clichés and borrowed images
The characters never change
The characters are so generic and the plot so bland that even as rogue CIA assassins working for Chris Cooper 's agency boss close in on the resourceful amnesiac , we do n't feel much for Damon\/Bourne or his predicament .
the film 's lamer instincts are in the saddle
dumb , narratively chaotic , visually sloppy
The characters are so generic and
life 's harshness
The characters are so generic
dumb , credulous , unassuming , subordinate subjects
the banality and hypocrisy of too much kid-vid
the banality and hypocrisy
the bad things
the bad reviews they thought they 'd earn
the bad reviews
, reality shows -- reality shows for God 's sake ! -- is a crime that should be punishable by chainsaw .
, pues el resultado es francamente aburrido y
Ice-T sticks his mug in the window of the couple 's BMW and begins haranguing the wife in bad stage dialogue
IMAX rah-rah
be best forgotten
most anime , whose most ardent fans outside Japan seem to be introverted young men with fantasy fetishes
This starts off with a 1950 's Doris Day feel and it gets very ugly , very fast .
This starts off with a 1950 's Doris Day feel and it gets very ugly , very fast
This self-infatuated goofball is far from the only thing wrong with the clumsy comedy Stealing Harvard , but he 's the most obvious one .
This self-infatuated goofball is far from the only thing wrong with the clumsy comedy Stealing Harvard , but he 's the most obvious one
This self-infatuated goofball is far from the only thing wrong with the clumsy comedy Stealing Harvard , but
This time Mr. Burns is trying something in the Martin Scorsese street-realist mode , but
Like its predecessor , it 's no classic , but
to one of those ignorant
to one anecdote for comparison : the cartoon in Japan that gave people seizures
to note that this film , like the similarly ill-timed Antitrust , is easily as bad at a fraction the budget
well-crafted letdown .
a trashy , exploitative , thoroughly unpleasant experience .
a trashy , exploitative , thoroughly unpleasant experience
a trashy , exploitative , thoroughly unpleasant
a trashy , exploitative ,
a trashy , exploitative
a trashy ,
a trashy
of half-dimensional characters
give you a mild headache
teen-pop exploitation
every effort to disguise it as an unimaginative screenwriter 's invention
ever to look as if it were being shown on the projection television screen of a sports bar
hard to say who might enjoy this , are there Tolstoy groupies out there ? It 's dark and tragic , and lets the business of the greedy talent agents get in the way of saying something meaningful about facing death
hard to shake the feeling that it was intended to be a different kind of film
hard to take her spiritual quest at all seriously
hard to understand why anyone in his right mind would even think to make the attraction a movie .
offensive , puerile and unimaginatively foul-mouthed
offensive , puerile and
offensive , puerile
offend viewers not amused by the sick sense of humor .
offend viewers not amused by the sick sense of humor
offbeat sensibilities for the earnest emotional core to emerge with any degree of accessibility
sacred
The film rehashes several old themes and is capped with pointless extremes
The film rehashes several old themes and is capped with pointless extremes --
him a problematic documentary subject
The film rehashes several old themes and is capped with pointless extremes -- it 's insanely violent and very graphic
The film rehashes several old themes and is capped with pointless extremes -- it 's insanely violent and very graphic .
need to be invented to describe exactly how bad it is .
serves up a predictable , maudlin story that swipes heavily from Bambi and The Lion King
that could have wrapped things up at 80 minutes
that criticizing feels more like commiserating
that could have been much better
in that greasy little vidgame pit in the theater lobby
in the '' soon-to-be-forgettable '' section of the quirky rip-off prison romp pile
The film was produced by Jerry Bruckheimer and directed by Joel Schumacher , and reflects the worst of their shallow styles : wildly overproduced , inadequately motivated every step of the way and demographically targeted to please every one ( and no one ) .
vulgar , sexist , racist humour
vulgar , sexist
walk out of The Good Girl
with the pubescent scandalous
as if ( there 's ) a choke leash around your neck so director Nick Cassavetes can give it a good , hard yank whenever he wants you to feel something
a plotline that 's as lumpy as two-day old porridge ... the filmmakers ' paws , sad to say , were all over this `` un-bear-able '' project
may indeed have finally aged past his prime ... and , perhaps more than he realizes
by heavy-handed melodrama
familiar you might as well be watching a rerun
A heavy reliance on CGI technology
would probably have worked better as a one-hour TV documentary
and just plain dumb
and dreary piece
and entirely implausible
and fatally overlong
and insufferable ball
wonder , ` what 's the point ?
which is especially unfortunate in light of the fine work done by most of the rest of her cast
he 's been in years
he 's just adjusting
depress
deplorable
depleted
depends largely on your appetite for canned corn .
depends largely on your appetite for canned corn
anarchist maxim
Reaches
is probably the funniest person in the film , which gives you an idea just how bad it was .
is probably the funniest person in the film , which gives you an idea just how bad it was
is pretty miserable , resorting to string-pulling rather than legitimate character development and intelligent plotting .
is quite like calling a dog stupid
is pure junk
is rather like an overlong visit from a large group of your relatives . As your relatives swap one mundane story after another
the cartoonish clichés and sneering humor
the cast and crew did n't sign a pact to burn the negative and the script and pretend the whole thing never existed
would be more at home on a daytime television serial
sink into melancholia
rehashing what was basically a one-joke picture
rehash old jokes and leave any life at the doorstep . I like Frank the Pug , though
rehashed
rehashed sight gags
Much of what we see is horrible but
Much of what we see is horrible
tortured and self-conscious material
would be hard to think of a recent movie that has worked this hard to achieve this little fun .
leaves viewers feeling compromised
leaves viewers feeling compromised ,
leaves viewers feeling compromised , unable to find their way out of the fog and the ashes
leaves viewers feeling compromised , unable to find their way out of the fog and the ashes .
left a few crucial things out
left a few crucial things out ,
left a few crucial things out , like character development and coherence
a deafening score
shamefully
Hollywood Ending is the most disappointing Woody Allen movie ever . He has a great cast and a great idea .
Based on a David Leavitt story , the film shares that writer 's usual blend of observant cleverness , too-facile coincidence and slightly noxious preciousness .
Basically a static series of semi-improvised ( and semi-coherent ) raps between the stars .
sham actor workshops and
sham actor workshops and an affected malaise
best he can , but all the bouncing back and forth ca n't help but become a bit tedious
-- violence and whimsy do n't combine easily --
-- unless prewarned --
-- is a crime that should be punishable by chainsaw .
-- lots of boring talking heads , etc. --
-- that the ` true story ' by which All the Queen 's Men is allegedly `` inspired '' was a lot funnier and more deftly enacted than what 's been cobbled together onscreen .
this visual trickery
like a drunken driver
like a copout
like a cruel deception carried out by men of marginal intelligence , with reactionary ideas about women and a total lack of empathy
like a dinner guest showing off his doctorate
like a change in ( Herzog 's ) personal policy than a half-hearted fluke .
like a checklist of everything Rob Reiner and his cast
are all cheap
Skip this turd and
are acting horribly
this wallow in crude humor
100 % missing here
's silliest and most incoherent movie .
's shot himself in the foot
's silliest and most incoherent movie
's slow and unwieldy
's slow and unwieldy and
's slow and unwieldy and takes a long time to reach its destination
lazily and glumly
lazy tearjerker
lazy material
The bad sound , the lack of climax and , worst of all
is even more rigged than it was two centuries ago .
The bad sound
The author 's devotees will probably find it fascinating ; others may find it baffling .
The bad sound , the lack of climax and , worst of all , watching Seinfeld ( who is also one of the film 's producers ) do everything he can to look like a good guy
illogical
parodia absolutamente predecible
pared down its plots and characters to a few rather than dozens
parochial , accessible to a chosen few , standoffish to everyone else , and smugly suggests a superior moral tone is more important than filmmaking skill
thought they 'd make audiences guffaw with a script as utterly diabolical as this
There are more shots of children smiling for the camera than typical documentary footage which hurts the overall impact of the film . It 's makes a better travelogue than movie .
, it 's a pale imitation
, it 's also not very good . Especially compared with the television series that inspired the movie .
paced at a speed that is slow to those of us in middle age and deathly slow to any teen
pack your knitting needles
pack your knitting needles .
paced at a speed that is slow to those of us in middle age
paced at a speed that is slow to those of us in middle age and
there is no sense of connecting the dots , just dots
Slackers ' jokey approach to college education is disappointingly simplistic -- the film 's biggest problem -- and
there is no sense of connecting the dots , just dots .
Slackers ' jokey approach
Slackers ' jokey approach to college education
smoothes over hard truths even as he uncovers them
smelly enough to bother despising
smelly enough to bother
reveals itself to be a sudsy tub of supernatural hokum , not even Ms .
retread concept
retch it up
retch it up like rancid crème brûlée
retread of several other mob tales
this emotional misery
tastelessness a bad rap .
Slack and uninspired , and peopled mainly by characters so unsympathetic that you 're left with a sour taste in your mouth .
'd much rather watch teens poking their genitals into fruit pies
, Pinocchio never quite achieves the feel of a fanciful motion picture .
for some awful acting and lame special effects
tawdry trash
too clipped and abbreviated to be an epic
can fire a torpedo through some of Clancy 's holes
'd rather watch a rerun of The Powerpuff Girls
that goes for sick and demented humor simply to do so . The movie
A few pieces of the film buzz and whir ; very little of it actually clicks . The thing just never gets off the ground .
A hit - and-miss affair ,
A handsome but unfulfilling suspense drama more suited to a quiet evening on PBS than a night out at an AMC .
A handsome but unfulfilling suspense drama more
A horrible , 99-minute
the absurd
is stiff or just plain bad .
is stiff or just plain bad
no emotional pulse
exactly how bad
exactly how bad it is
humorless disquisition on the thin line between sucking face and literally sucking face .
humorless disquisition on the thin line between sucking face and literally sucking face
humorless disquisition
humorless , disjointed mess
still does n't quite know how to fill a frame . Like the Hanks character
its cutesy reliance on movie-specific cliches is n't exactly endearing
its digs at modern society are all things we 've seen before .
over his head
the result is wildly uneven
stifles creativity and allows the film to drag on for nearly three hours
read the fart jokes
standard guns versus martial arts cliche with little new added .
standard formula
standard slasher flick
is exhausting .
is falling flat
is essentially a one-trick pony that , hampered by an undeveloped script , ultimately pulls up lame .
is evidence that the Farrelly Bros . -- Peter and Bobby -- and their brand of screen comedy are wheezing to an end , along with Green 's half-hearted movie career
is exhausting
over every cheap trick in the book trying to make the outrage
its obliviousness
its outcome hardly matters
until the silly showdown ending that forces the viewer to totally suspend disbelief
untidily
the hail of bullets , none of which ever seem to hit
he runs around and acts like a doofus
he refuses to evaluate his own work
messy , uncouth , incomprehensible , vicious and absurd
I guess it just goes to show that if you give a filmmaker an unlimited amount of phony blood , nothing good can happen .
to be no clear path as to where the story 's going , or how long it 's going to take to get there
overboard
overbearing
too simple and
too simple and the working out of the plot almost arbitrary
too simplistic to maintain interest
too racy
too simple
too slow .
too stagy
's a shame
as a call for pity and sympathy
as a castrated
as a block of snow
as a Seven rip-off
as a bitter pill
slow , painful healing process
slow down
` This movie sucks . '
most opaque , self-indulgent and just plain
An unsuccessful attempt at a movie of ideas
The sentimental script has problems
takes big bloody chomps
, it would have been better off dead .
the cliché-laden screenplay
the cliché and foreshadowing
the cliched dialogue rip . Or else a doggie winks
` Swept Away ' sinks .
a script that assumes you are n't very bright
sheridan seems terrified of the book 's irreverent energy , and scotches most of its lan , humor , bile , and irony .
sheridan seems terrified of the book 's irreverent energy , and scotches most of its lan , humor , bile , and irony
sex-soaked
a yellow streak a mile wide decorates its back
able to recognize that this story is too goofy ... even for Disney
have no way of knowing exactly how much is exaggeration
why do we need 117 minutes to tell a tale that simply ca n't sustain more than 90 minutes
swims away with the Sleeper Movie of the Summer award
you pay the full ticket price to see '' Simone , '' and consider a DVD rental instead
` The War of the Roses , ' trailer-trash style . Entertaining but like shooting fish in a barrel .
a sardonic verve to their caustic purpose for existing , who is cletis tout
in the excesses of writer-director Roger Avary
in the end , is nothing new
in the end , Pumpkin is far more offensive than it is funny
in the end , might be all the more infuriating
depressed by the shallow , selfish , greedy characters
depressed
why did it have to seem like it took another thousand to tell it to us ?
depends too heavily on its otherwise talented cast
depends too heavily
possibly prompting audience members to wonder , ` what 's the point ? '
Love may have been in the air onscreen , but I certainly was n't feeling any of it
Love may have been in the air onscreen , but I certainly was n't feeling any of it .
feeble
featuring reams of flatly delivered dialogue and a heroine who comes across as both shallow and dim-witted .
big , brassy , disturbing
is so rambling and disconnected it never builds any suspense
is so ripe the film ca n't help but go soft and stinky
is so pat it makes your teeth hurt .
is so predictable and sentimental that viewers are likely to lose interest before Sandrine
is so much pretentious nonsense , lavishly praised by those who equate obscurity with profundity
script error
script is n't up to the level of the direction
is so slick , superficial and trend-hoppy ,
is so slick , superficial and trend-hoppy , that it 's easy to imagine that a new software program spit out the screenplay
finish , like a wet burlap sack of gloom
whipping
interested in recycling old cliches
the sad state of his recent career
the sad state
the salesmanship ends
the young actors , not very experienced , are sometimes inexpressive
for the thousands of Indians who fancy themselves too sophisticated for the cheese-laced spectacles that pack 'em in on the subcontinent
the same as what Christmas-tree flocking in a spray can is to actual snow : a poor -- if durable -- imitation
Despite bearing the Paramount imprint , it 's a bargain-basement European pickup . What 's hard to understand is why anybody picked it up . Wiser souls would have tactfully pretended not to see it and left it lying there
Despite a powerful portrayal by Binoche , it 's a period romance that suffers from an overly deliberate pace and uneven narrative momentum .
Despite all evidence to the contrary , this clunker has somehow managed to pose as an actual feature movie , the kind that charges full admission and gets hyped on TV and purports to amuse small children and ostensible adults .
Despite all evidence to the contrary
Despite apparent motives to the contrary , it ends up being , like ( Seinfeld 's ) revered TV show , about pretty much nothing .
, this indie flick never found its audience , probably because it 's extremely hard to relate to any of the characters .
, this is lame .
, this could be the worst thing Soderbergh has ever done .
, this cross-cultural soap opera is painfully formulaic and stilted .
, this equally brutal outing merely sustains it .
, this film is canned tuna .
, this is the first film in a long time that made me want to bolt the theater in the first 10 minutes .
A mixed bag of a comedy that ca n't really be described as out of this world .
A mixed bag of a comedy that ca n't really be described as out of this world
A mix of velocity and idiocy , this ruinous remake lacks the brawn -- and the brains -- of the 1970s original .
A mix of velocity and idiocy , this ruinous remake
Just a collection of this and that -- whatever fills time -- with no unified whole
Just a collection of this and that -- whatever fills time -- with no unified whole .
Just a Kiss is a just a waste .
Just another combination of bad animation and mindless violence ...
Just another combination of bad animation and mindless violence ... lacking the slightest bit
Just another combination of bad animation and mindless violence
Just another combination of bad animation and mindless violence ... lacking the slightest bit of wit or charm
Just another combination of bad animation and mindless violence ... lacking the slightest bit of wit or charm .
with this silly little puddle of a movie
( Screenwriter ) Pimental took the Farrelly Brothers comedy and feminized it , but it is a rather poor imitation
( Lin Chung 's ) voice is rather unexceptional , even irritating ( at least to this Western ear ) , making it awfully hard to buy the impetus for the complicated love triangle that develops between the three central characters .
a bunch of talented thesps slumming it
to farts , urine , feces , semen , or any of the other foul substances
a bright sheen . Some , like Ballistic , arrive stillborn
a buggy drag
a bunch of pompous windbags
a bunch of pompous windbags drone on inanely for two hours
advised to sit near the back and squint to avoid noticing some truly egregious lip-non-synching
is flawed
would have benefited from a little more dramatic tension and some more editing .
of the major issues
Return to Neverland manages to straddle the line between another classic for the company and just another run-of-the-mill Disney sequel intended for the home video market
Jesse Helms ' anti- Castro rhetoric
Jersey lowbrow accent Uma
the exception of about six gags
the execution of these twists is delivered with a hammer . Thumbs down
the excesses of writer-director Roger Avary
the execution is a flop with the exception of about six gags that really work
to remake Sleepless in Seattle again and again
We do get the distinct impression that this franchise is drawing to a close .
We 've seen it all before in one form or another ,
We 've seen it all before in one form or another
the frequent allusions to gurus and doshas will strike some Westerners as verging on mumbo-jumbo
Strip it of all its excess debris ,
's nothing remotely triumphant about this motion picture .
's nothing remotely topical or sexy here .
Euro-film pretension
a one-joke movie , and a bad joke at that
a one-trick pony
a one-trick pony that , hampered by an undeveloped script , ultimately pulls up lame
a paint-by-numbers manner
admit I walked out of Runteldat . I did go back and check out the last 10 minutes
the obviousness
on becoming boring and predictable
A work that lacks both a purpose and a strong pulse .
A word of advice to the makers of The Singles Ward : Celebrity cameos do not automatically equal laughs . And neither do cliches , no matter how ` inside ' they are .
A wordy wisp of a comedy
it moves fast enough to cover its clunky dialogue and lapses in logic .
The overall feel of the film is pretty cheesy , but there 's still a real sense that the Star Trek tradition has been honored as best it can
it pauses for blunt exposition to make sure you
The overall feel of the film is pretty cheesy , but there 's still a real sense that the Star Trek tradition has been honored as best it can , given the embarrassing script and weak direction .
another iteration of what 's become one of the movies ' creepiest conventions , in which the developmentally disabled are portrayed with almost supernatural powers to humble , teach and ultimately redeem their mentally '' superior '' friends , family ...
another iteration of what 's become one of the movies ' creepiest conventions , in which the developmentally disabled
seems to be missing
another generic drama
seems so similar to the 1953 Disney classic that it makes one long for a geriatric Peter
seems manufactured to me and artificial
seems like it does . My only wish is that Celebi could take me back to a time before I saw this movie and I could just skip it
takes every potential laugh and stiletto-stomps the life out of it .
stomach-churning
takes its central idea way too seriously
strangely
stretches the running time about 10 minutes past a child 's interest and an adult 's patience .
have ushers in the theater that hand you a cup of coffee every few minutes
have to dig deep to sink this low .
have to give the audience a reason to want to put for that effort
have to admit that I am baffled by Jason X.
have to dig deep to sink this low
have to put up with 146 minutes of it
a regurgitation of cinematic violence
a reductionist view of their Lord as a luv-spreading Dr. Feelgood or omnipotent slacker
a retread of `` Dead Poets ' Society
no means a perfect film
no means his best work
no picture
It is a popcorn film , not a must-own , or even a must-see .
It is , by conventional standards , a fairly terrible movie ... but it is also weirdly fascinating
It is , by conventional standards , a fairly terrible movie ...
It is , by conventional standards , a fairly terrible movie
It irritates and saddens me that Martin Lawrence 's latest vehicle can explode obnoxiously into 2,500 screens while something of Bubba Ho-Tep 's clearly evident quality may end up languishing on a shelf somewhere .
woefully dull
woe-is-me
woefully hackneyed
woefully hackneyed movie
leaves no cliche unturned , from the predictable plot to the characters straight out of central casting
leaves no cliche unturned , from the predictable plot to the characters straight out of central casting .
something cringe-inducing about seeing an American football stadium nuked as pop entertainment
the film would be a total washout .
the farther it meanders from its shocking start
two Academy Award winning actresses ( and one Academy Award winning actor ) succumb to appearing in this junk that 's TV sitcom material at best
sequel-for-the-sake
senseless
sensitive to a reductionist view of their Lord as a luv-spreading Dr. Feelgood or omnipotent slacker
is overlong and not well-acted , but credit writer-producer-director
is overkill to the highest degree
is overkill to the highest degree .
is oppressively heavy
is oppressively heavy .
is overlong and not well-acted , but credit writer-producer-director Adam Watstein with finishing it at all .
wrong thanks
with pitifully few real laughs
Clooney 's ) debut can be accused of being a bit undisciplined
written by somebody else
seem dispassionate by comparison
remains
just utter ` uhhh , ' which is better than most of the writing in the movie
just utter ` uhhh , '
just unthinkable
just too many characters saying too many clever things and getting into too many pointless situations .
just too bad the film 's story does not live up to its style
accents thick as mud
abyss
abused
absurdly overblown climax
Ultimately ... the movie is too heady for children , and too preachy for adults .
Typical animé , with cheapo animation ( like Saturday morning TV in the '60s ) , a complex sword-and-sorcery plot and characters who all have big round eyes and Japanese names .
too cerebral for its own good -- or , at any rate , too cerebral for its racy subject matter
painful ride
painful to watch
painful improbability
painful lie
painfully redundant and inauthentic
to be drained of human emotion
to be distasteful to children and adults alike
to be fully forgotten
Young Guns meets Goodfellas in this easily skippable hayseeds-vs
who know nothing about the subject
is nothing funny in this every-joke-has - been-told-a - thousand-times - before movie
is laughingly
has n't developed characters so much as caricatures , one-dimensional buffoons that get him a few laughs but nothing else .
over-familiarity
're going to feel like you were n't invited to the party .
are too immature and unappealing to care about
are too grave for youngsters
are too crude to serve the work especially well
are the film 's Sopranos gags incredibly dated and unfunny
As a movie , it never seems fresh and vital . It never plays as dramatic even when dramatic things happen to people . It labours as storytelling .
As a story of dramatic enlightenment , the screenplay by Billy Ray and Terry George leaves something to be desired
As a remake , it 's a pale imitation
Nearly all the fundamentals you take for granted in most films are mishandled here .
Needs more impressionistic cinematography and exhilarating point-of-view shots and fewer slow-motion ` grandeur ' shots and quick-cut edits that often detract from the athleticism
Needs more impressionistic
dumbed-down tactics
weighs down the tale with bogus profundities
complete denial about his obsessive behavior
complete shambles
complain that ` they do n't make movies like they used to anymore
, ' I once had a nightmare like this ,
, ' I know how to suffer ' and if you see this film you 'll know too .
, '' Extreme Ops '' was obviously made for the '' XXX '' crowd , people who enjoy mindless action without the benefit of decent acting , writing , and direction .
, ' this schlock-filled fairy tale hits new depths of unoriginality and predictability .
partly synthetic
unnatural
unnoticed
plot mechanics get in the way of what should be the lighter-than-air adventure .
plot mechanics be damned
plot to string the stunts together and not quite enough characterization to keep the faces straight
too placid
floundering
daydreaming
to be because it plays everything too safe
's disappointing to see one reduce it to an idea that fits in a sampler
's far from a groundbreaking endeavor
dismiss BarberShop out of hand
dismember
dislikable study in sociopathy
dislikable study in sociopathy .
disintegrating bloodsucker computer effects and jagged camera moves
dislikable
disintegrating bloodsucker computer effects
disintegrating bloodsucker computer effects and
slowed down by a stroke
I approached the usher and said that if she had to sit through it again , she should ask for a raise .
Does what should seem impossible : it makes serial killer Jeffrey Dahmer boring
cinematic sleeping pill
cinematic high crime , one that brings military courtroom dramas down very ,
cinematic high crime , one that brings military courtroom dramas down very
so sloppy , so uneven
so sloppy ,
so sloppy
so rhapsodize cynicism , with repetition and languorous slo-mo sequences , that Glass 's dirgelike score becomes a fang-baring lullaby .
so prolonged and boring
so sloppy , so uneven , so
so sloppy , so uneven ,
the film lacks momentum and its position remains mostly undeterminable
Liar
could possibly be more contemptuous of the single female population
could pass for Mike Tyson 's E ! True Hollywood Story
could not stand them
could n't really figure out how to flesh either out
most repellent
most demented
most demented film
most cynical curmudgeon
a somber film ,
almost makes `` Never Again '' worthwhile , but ( writer\/director ) Schaeffer should follow his titular advice
of a man for whom political expedience became a deadly foreign policy
Slow , silly and unintentionally
What 's really sad is to see two Academy Award winning actresses ( and one Academy Award winning actor ) succumb to appearing in this junk that 's TV sitcom material at best .
What 's next ? The Porky 's Revenge : Ultimate Edition ?
What 's next ? Rob Schneider , Dana Carvey and Sarah Michelle Gellar in The Philadelphia Story ? David Spade as Citizen Kane ?
What 's most offensive is n't the waste of a good cast , but the film 's denial of sincere grief and mourning in favor of bogus spiritualism .
What 's most offensive is n't the waste of a good cast , but
What 's most offensive is n't the waste of a good cast ,
self-mocking ,
more gory than
trails off into inconsequentiality .
I have given it a one-star rating
I have n't seen such self-amused trash since Freddy Got Fingered .
I know better than to rush to the theatre for this one
I just did n't care
to death
more depressing than liberating
tormented by his heritage
torn apart by a legacy of abuse
torn apart
that you ca n't help but become more disappointed as each overwrought new sequence plods
that you could be doing something else far more pleasurable . Something like scrubbing the toilet . Or emptying rat traps .
us exactly why a romantic relationship between a 15-year-old boy and a 40-year-old woman does n't work
In addition to the overcooked , ham-fisted direction , which has all the actors reaching for the back row , the dialogue sounds like horrible poetry .
In addition to the overcooked , ham-fisted direction , which has all the actors reaching for the back row
In The New Guy , even the bull gets recycled .
In Alcatraz ' ... a cinematic corpse
Impostor has a handful of thrilling moments and a couple of good performances , but the movie does n't quite fly . For starters , the story is just too slim .
In Alcatraz ' ... a cinematic corpse that never springs to life
the dullest Irish pub scenes
the line between black comedy and black hole
the limited chemistry created by Ralph Fiennes and Jennifer Lopez
the cinematography is atrocious
A weird little movie
the cinematic equivalent of high humidity
the choppy editing to the annoying score to ` special effects ' by way of replacing objects in a character 's hands below the camera line
has a difficult time shaking its blair witch project real-time roots
Eight Legged Freaks ?
harvard is a smorgasbord of soliloquies about nothing delivered by the former mr
skeeved
skates blithely from one implausible situation to another , pausing only to tie up loose ends with more bows than you 'll find on a French poodle .
The cumulative effect of watching this 65-minute trifle is rather like being trapped while some weird relative trots out the video he took of the family vacation to Stonehenge .
The catch is that they 're stuck with a script that prevents them from firing on all cylinders .
The characters never change .
Eh
There are as many misses as hits , but ultimately
critics have come to term an `` ambitious failure
cruel as it may sound , he makes Arnold Schwarzenegger look like Spencer Tracy .
to boring , self-important stories of how horrible we are to ourselves and each other
to bore
to blacken that organ with cold vengefulness
It may scream low budget ,
imagine anybody ever being '' in the mood '' to view a movie as harrowing and painful as The Grey Zone
of this emotional car-wreck
run-of-the-mill Hollywood picture
run-of-the-mill profanity
of these despicable characters
Shallow .
Shadyac shoots his film like an M. Night Shyamalan movie , and he frequently maintains the same snail 's pace ;
Shadyac shoots his film like an M. Night Shyamalan movie , and he frequently maintains the same snail 's pace ; he just forgot to add any genuine tension .
weepy melodrama
weighed down by supporting characters who are either too goodly , wise and knowing or downright comically evil
weighs down
weighs down his capricious fairy-tale
it feels much longer
weighs down the tale with bogus profundities .
weightless that a decent draft in the auditorium might blow it off the screen
the speculative effort is hampered by Taylor 's cartoonish performance and the film 's ill-considered notion that Hitler 's destiny was shaped by the most random of chances
Slim travel incognito in a ridiculous wig no respectable Halloween costume shop would ever try to sell
it falls short of its aspiration to be a true ` epic '
self-hatred instilled
more disturbing than originally intended --
more disturbing than originally intended
misses
misogynistic
about $ 40 to see a film in theaters , why spend money on a dog like this when you can rent a pedigree instead
watching a miserable relationship unfold in real time
watching a soap opera
watching a movie that was made in 1978 but not released then because it was so weak , and it has been unearthed and released now , when it has become even weaker
and aspiring directress who just happens to be her own worst enemy
and bad --
airless , prepackaged Julia Roberts wannabe
airhead movie about a wife in distress who resorts to desperate measures .
airhead movie about a wife
airhead movie
airhead
of the killing field and the barbarism of ` ethnic cleansing
of the hapless victims of the arrogant '' if we put together a wry white man and a chatty black man and give them guns , the movie will be funny ''
of the film in a coma
of the glum , numb experience of watching o fantasma
The Blair Witch Project with the illogic of Series 7
The Believer feels like a 12-Step Program for the Jewish Nazi
it eventually culminates in the not-exactly - stunning insight that crime does n't pay
it ends up being surprisingly dull
it ends up being ,
it ends up being , like ( Seinfeld 's ) revered TV show , about pretty much nothing
most repellent things
it fails the most basic relevancy test as well .
the era of the intelligent , well-made B movie is long gone
bad-movie
bad-boy behavior which he portrays himself in a one-note performance
bad singer-turned actors
bad plot
bad on purpose is never clear .
bad nothing else is
bad trip
bad sound
the moral stiffness
and blood
ca n't hide the musty scent of Todd Farmer 's screenplay , which is a simple retread of the 1979 Alien , with a plucky heroine battling a monster loose in a spaceship
ca n't hide the musty scent of Todd Farmer 's screenplay , which is a simple retread of the 1979 Alien , with a plucky heroine battling a monster loose in a spaceship .
ca n't make a hotdog into anything more than a hotdog
ca n't make this movie anything more than a trashy cop buddy comedy
ca n't quite recommend because it is all windup and not much of a pitch
ca n't quite recommend it
ca n't really be described as out
you find yourself praying for a quick resolution
tragic error
com is so rambling and disconnected it never builds any suspense
combines The Blues Brothers and Almost Famous ( but with bears , and a G rating ) , with an excruciating dollop of Disney sentimentality mixed in for good measure .
combines The Blues Brothers and Almost Famous ( but with bears , and a G rating ) , with an excruciating dollop of Disney sentimentality mixed in for good measure
horror
horrible
's nowhere near as exciting as either
's nowhere near as exciting as either .
's nothing here to match that movie 's intermittent moments of inspiration
's nothing here to match that movie 's intermittent moments of inspiration .
's on slippery footing
sedate
is flavorless
contrived plotting , stereotyped characters and Woo 's over-the-top instincts as a director
contrived situations
seems far more interested in gross-out humor than in showing us well-thought stunts or a car chase that we have n't seen 10
seems inconceivable
This is very much of a mixed bag , with enough negatives to outweigh the positives .
This is the kind of movie where the big scene is a man shot out of a cannon into a vat of ice cream .
This is the kind of movie where people who have never picked a lock do so easily after a few tries and become expert fighters after a few weeks .
This is the kind of movie that you only need to watch for about thirty seconds before you say to yourself , ` Ah , yes , here we have a bad , bad , bad movie . '
This is the kind of movie that you only need to watch for about thirty seconds before you say to yourself , ` Ah , yes , here we have a bad , bad , bad movie .
This is the kind of movie that you only need to watch for about thirty seconds before you say to yourself , ` Ah , yes , here we have a bad , bad , bad movie
This is the kind of movie that you only need to watch for about thirty seconds before you say to yourself , ` Ah , yes , here
This kiddie-oriented stinker is so bad that I even caught the gum stuck under my seat trying to sneak out of the theater
This kiddie-oriented stinker
a decomposition of healthy eccentric inspiration and ambition -- wearing a cloak of unsentimental , straightforward text --
a decomposition of healthy eccentric inspiration and ambition
a dime in the tries-so-hard-to-be-cool `` Clockstoppers
a dim
are very , very good reasons for certain movies to be sealed in a jar and left on a remote shelf indefinitely
are very , very good reasons for certain movies to be sealed in a jar and left on a remote shelf indefinitely .
An instantly forgettable snow-and-stuntwork extravaganza that likely will be upstaged by an avalanche of more appealing holiday-season product .
An instantly forgettable snow-and-stuntwork extravaganza
An instantly forgettable snow-and-stuntwork extravaganza that likely
An infuriating
An infuriating film . Just when you think you are making sense of it , something happens that tells you there is no sense .
An inelegant combination of two unrelated shorts that falls far short of the director 's previous work in terms of both thematic content and narrative strength
An inelegant combination of two unrelated shorts that falls far short of the director 's previous work in terms of both thematic content and narrative strength .
proves simply too discouraging to let slide
plays worse
promising '' to '' interesting '' to '' familiar '' before landing squarely on '' stupid ''
plays like the standard made-for-TV movie
plays like an unbalanced mixture of graphic combat footage and almost saccharine domestic interludes that are pure Hollywood .
plays worse now
Little more than a stylish exercise in revisionism whose point ... is no doubt true , but serves as a rather thin moral to such a knowing fable .
Little more than a stylish exercise in revisionism whose point
Lisa Rinzler 's cinematography may be lovely , but Love Liza 's tale itself virtually collapses into an inhalant blackout , maintaining consciousness just long enough to achieve callow pretension .
Lisa Rinzler 's cinematography may be lovely , but Love Liza 's tale itself virtually collapses into an inhalant blackout , maintaining consciousness just long enough to achieve callow pretension
be utterly entranced by its subject and still show virtually no understanding of it
be used as analgesic balm for overstimulated minds . Right now
be used to burn every print of the film
perhaps the heaviest , most joyless movie ever made about giant
perhaps the heaviest , most joyless movie ever made about giant dragons taking over the world .
perhaps unwittingly
perhaps ` artistically ' with handheld cameras and apparently no movie lights by Joaquin Baca-Asay
perhaps put a little too much heart into his first film and did n't reserve enough for his second .
trembling incoherence
period drag
as a sunburn
, distracted audience
an MTV , sugar hysteria ,
an MTV , sugar hysteria , and
feel like the movie 's various victimized audience members after a while
most incoherent
The movie 's ultimate point -- that everyone should be themselves -- is trite , but
But even with the two-wrongs-make-a-right chemistry between Jolie and Burns
most inexplicable sequels
emaciated
emaciated flick
embarrassed to be part of
More tiring than anything .
to excess , piss on trees , b . s .
to even categorize this as a smutty guilty pleasure
the characters ' moves are often more predictable than their consequences
( director ) O'Fallon manages to put some lovely pictures up on the big screen , but his skill at telling a story -- he also contributed to the screenplay -- falls short
( director ) O'Fallon manages to put some lovely pictures up on the big screen , but his skill at telling a story -- he also contributed to the screenplay -- falls short .
No new plot conceptions or environmental changes
can never capture the magic of the original
a return ticket
tale whose thought-provoking potential is hampered by a made-for-TV look , rigid performances and an asinine ` twist ' that brazenly rips off The Sixth Sense
shows that some studios firmly believe that people have lost the ability to think and will forgive any shoddy product as long as there 's a little girl-on-girl action .
shows that some studios firmly believe that people have lost the ability to think and will forgive any shoddy product as long as there 's a little girl-on-girl action
Combining quick-cut editing and a blaring heavy metal much of the time , Beck seems to be under the illusion that he 's shooting the latest System of a Down video .
Combining quick-cut editing and a blaring heavy metal much of the time
Comes ... uncomfortably close to coasting in the treads of The Bicycle Thief .
Comes across as a relic from a bygone era , and its convolutions ... feel silly rather than plausible
resorting to camp
God help the poor woman if Attal is this insecure in real life : his fictional Yvan 's neuroses are aggravating enough to exhaust the patience of even the most understanding spouse
God help the poor woman if Attal is this insecure in real life : his fictional Yvan 's neuroses are aggravating enough to exhaust the patience of even the most understanding spouse .
God help us
God help us , but Capra and Cooper are rolling over in their graves
God help us , but Capra and Cooper are rolling over in their graves .
God help us , but Capra and Cooper are rolling over in their graves . '
Godard can no longer handle the rigors of filmmaking
's drab . It 's uninteresting
's drab . It 's uninteresting .
the script is about as interesting as a recording of conversations at the Wal-Mart checkout line
Spy Kids 2 looks as if it were made by a highly gifted 12-year-old instead of a grown man .
sprinkled with a few remarks so geared toward engendering audience sympathy that you might think he was running for office -- or trying to win over a probation officer
sprinkled with a few remarks so geared toward engendering audience sympathy
dot com is so rambling and disconnected it never builds any suspense
're better off staying home and watching The X-Files .
're better off staying home and watching The X-Files
're dead on the vine
're clueless and inept
thoroughly formulaic film
gets under your skin and , some plot blips
gets under the skin of a man we only know as an evil , monstrous lunatic
gets very ugly
has the air of a surprisingly juvenile lark , a pop-influenced prank whose charms are immediately apparent and wear thin with repetition .
has the air of a surprisingly juvenile lark , a pop-influenced prank whose charms are immediately apparent and wear thin with repetition
has taken away your car , your work-hours
has taken away your car , your work-hours and denied you health insurance
has taken away your car , your work-hours and
has taken quite a nosedive from Alfred Hitchcock 's imaginative flight to Shyamalan 's self-important summer fluff .
has taken quite a nosedive from Alfred Hitchcock 's imaginative flight to Shyamalan 's self-important summer fluff
a rather dull , unimaginative car chase
It 's not original , and
It 's not original , and ,
It 's not original , and , robbed of the element of surprise , it does n't have any huge laughs in its story of irresponsible cops who love to play pranks
It 's not original , and , robbed of the element of surprise , it does n't have any huge laughs in its story of irresponsible cops who love to play pranks .
It 's not that Kung Pow is n't funny some of the time -- it just is n't any funnier than bad martial arts movies are all by themselves , without all Oedekerk 's impish augmentation .
It 's not that Waiting For Happiness is a bad film , because it is n't . It 's just incredibly dull .
is only so much baked cardboard I need to chew .
my ribcage did n't ache by the end of Kung Pow
barbed and
is out of his league
want to smash its face in
want to think too much about what 's going on
want to spend their time in the theater thinking up grocery lists and ways to tell their kids how not to act like Pinocchio . As for children
want to think twice before booking passage
coke . If you 're looking for a tale of Brits behaving badly , watch Snatch again . It 's 51 times better than this
coke . If you 're looking for a tale of Brits behaving badly , watch Snatch again .
cold movie
cold and dead
cold-hearted curmudgeon
cold vengefulness
resolved easily , or soon
showcases Carvey 's talent for voices , but not nearly enough and not without taxing every drop of one 's patience to get to the good stuff
of self-congratulation between actor and director
of sentimental ooze
will mistake it for an endorsement of the very things that Bean abhors
will need all the luck they can muster just figuring out who 's who in this pretentious mess
will make you wish you were at home watching that movie instead of in the theater watching this one
will make you wish you were at home watching that movie instead of in the theater watching this one .
will likely set the cause of woman warriors back decades
will likely set the cause of woman warriors back decades .
will need to adhere more closely to the laws of laughter
This is the sort of burly action flick where one coincidence pummels another , narrative necessity is a drunken roundhouse , and whatever passes for logic is a factor of the last plot device left standing
This is the sort of burly action flick where one coincidence pummels another , narrative necessity is a drunken roundhouse , and
This is the type of movie best enjoyed by frat boys and college kids while sucking on the bong and downing one alcoholic beverage after another .
This is the sort of burly action flick where one coincidence pummels another , narrative necessity is a drunken roundhouse , and whatever passes for logic is a factor of the last plot device left standing .
This is the kind of movie that gets a quick release before real contenders arrive in September .
This is the first full scale WWII flick from Hong Kong 's John Woo . He 's not good with people .
This is the sort of burly action flick where one coincidence pummels another , narrative necessity is a drunken roundhouse ,
This is the sort of burly action flick where one coincidence pummels another
dubious product
dud
was obviously made for the `` XXX '' crowd , people who enjoy mindless action without the benefit of decent acting , writing , and direction .
drunken
the writing is indifferent , and Jordan Brady 's direction is prosaic
the writing is insipid
the writing and direction to the soggy performances
the writing is indifferent
the writing is indifferent ,
he 's really bad
he 's taken one of the world 's most fascinating stories and made it dull , lifeless , and irritating
he 's done
buggy
The humor is n't as sharp , the effects not as innovative , nor the story as imaginative as in the original . But it could have been worse .
shapeless
put you off
are -- no real plot , no real conflict , no real point .
are a few laughs and clever sight gags scattered about , but not enough to make this anything more than another big-budget bust .
The idea of 49-year-old Roberto Benigni playing the wooden boy Pinocchio is scary enough
Remember when Bond had more glamour than clamor ? No more
Reggio 's trippy , ambitious downer can also sometimes come across like nothing more than a glorified Nike ad .
Reggio falls victim to relying on the very digital technology that he fervently scorns , creating a meandering , inarticulate and ultimately disappointing film .
as its end credits blooper reel
as it presents friendship between women as pathetic , dysfunctional and destructive
as lame horror flicks go
difficult to tell who the other actors in the movie are
difficult to shrug off the annoyance of that chatty fish
difficult and
difficult , endless work
difficult , endless
It is supremely unfunny and unentertaining to watch middle-age and
feels like a copout
feels like a glossy rehash
feels in almost every possible way -- from the writing and direction to the soggy performances -- tossed off .
feels like a book report
feels like a ruse , a tactic to cover up the fact that the picture is constructed around a core of flimsy -- or , worse yet , nonexistent -- ideas
feels like a ruse , a tactic to cover up the fact that the picture is constructed around a core of flimsy -- or , worse yet , nonexistent -- ideas .
feels like a glossy rehash .
feels like a teenybopper Ed Wood film , replete with the pubescent scandalous innuendo and the high-strung but flaccid drama
feels like a teenybopper Ed Wood film , replete with the pubescent scandalous innuendo and the high-strung but flaccid drama .
a fairly weak retooling
A minor picture with a major identity crisis -- it 's sort of true and it 's sort of bogus and it 's ho-hum all the way through .
audience sadism
Sorvino makes the princess seem smug and cartoonish
A minor picture with a major identity crisis -- it 's sort of true and it 's sort of bogus and it 's ho-hum all the way through
thrills , too many flashbacks and
thrills , too many flashbacks and a choppy ending make for a bad film
A minor picture with a major identity crisis
is even more rigged
is every bit as awful
of one of Latin America 's most oppressive regimes
of paranoia and insecurity
dislike it
dislike
disjointed jumble of borrowed plot points and situations
disjointed jumble of borrowed plot
disjointed mess
disjointed jumble of borrowed plot points and situations .
disintegration
disjointed , substandard fashion
disjointed , haphazard script
fare indeed , with the entire project having the feel of something tossed off quickly ( like one of Hubert 's punches )
presenting backstage bytes of information that never amount to a satisfying complete picture of this particular , anciently demanding métier
presents yet another tired old vision of the gay community as an all-inclusive world where uptight , middle class bores like Antonia can feel good about themselves
kitsch mess
, it 's no classic
, it 's nowhere near as good as the original .
, it 's just one that could easily wait for your pay per view dollar .
are on the backs of our parents
lip-synching , tragedy ,
lip-synching
are n't funny
lousy way
lousy Tarantino imitations
lousy script
Ever see one of those comedies that just seem like a bad idea from frame one
Ever see one of those comedies that just seem like a bad idea from frame one ?
Every bit as bogus as most Disney live action
Every bit as bogus as most Disney live action family movies are -- no real plot , no real conflict , no real point .
An unclassifiably awful study in self - and audience-abuse .
myself confused when it came time to get to the heart of the movie
thought my own watch had stopped keeping time as I slogged my way through Clockstoppers .
seems contrived and secondhand
seems as if each watered down the version of the one before
seems as deflated as he does
An unbelievably stupid film , though occasionally fun enough to make you
to make their way through this tragedy
to make the stones weep -- as shameful as it
its clumsiness
its comedy is generally mean-spirited
its clumsiness as its own most damning censure
its committed dumbness
hard to pity the ` plain ' girl who becomes a ravishing waif after applying a smear of lip-gloss . Rather , pity anyone who sees this mishmash
rage
raging throughout this three-hour effort
As inept
As inept as big-screen remakes of The Avengers and The Wild Wild West .
As conceived by Mr . Schaeffer , Christopher and Grace are little more than collections of quirky traits lifted from a screenwriter 's outline and thrown at actors charged with the impossible task of making them jell .
Brisk hack
So bland and utterly forgettable that it might as well have been titled Generic Jennifer Lopez Romantic Comedy .
Bread , My Sweet has so many flaws it would be easy for critics to shred it .
Makes the same mistake as the music industry it criticizes , becoming so slick and watered-down it almost loses what made you love it in the first place .
Makes the same mistake as the music industry it criticizes , becoming so slick and watered-down it almost loses what made you love it
Makes the same mistake as the music industry it criticizes , becoming so slick and watered-down it almost loses what made you love it in the first place
need a 77-minute film to tell us exactly why a romantic relationship between a 15-year-old boy and a 40-year-old woman does n't work
need a 77-minute film to tell us exactly why a romantic relationship between a 15-year-old boy and a 40-year-old woman does n't work ?
need his shticks
Leaves you with a knot in your stomach , its power is undercut by its own head-banging obviousness .
Leave these Flowers unpicked
Leaves you with a knot in your stomach
uneven performances and a spotty script
uneven performances and
understatement
borrows from Bad Lieutenant and Les Vampires ,
is a horrible movie -- if only it were that grand a failure
Cho 's fans are sure to be entertained ; it 's only fair in the interest of full disclosure to say that -- on the basis of this film alone -- I 'm not one of them .
loses its creepy menace .
remains depressingly prosaic and dull
a rip-off of The Matrix
florid , overplotted , Anne Rice rock
seems pedestrian
seems skimpy and unclear
seems ripe for a documentary -- just not this one .
seems to be no clear path as to where the story 's going , or how long it 's going to take to get there
seems to be made for a different film altogether
, serial killer
used so extensively
uses clips from Brian De Palma 's Scarface . That 's a cheat
stoops to cheap manipulation or corny conventions
, self-deprecating sense
makes absolutely no sense . Its underlying mythology is a hodgepodge of inconsistencies that pose the question : Since when did dumb entertainment have to be this dumb
leaden as the movie sputters
leaden as the movie sputters to its inevitable tragic conclusion
leads him to adopt a somewhat mannered tone ... that ultimately dulls the human tragedy at the story 's core
what comes from taking John Carpenter 's Ghosts of Mars and eliminating the beheadings . In other words , about as bad a film you 're likely to see all year
would seem less of a trifle if Ms . Sugarman followed through on her defiance of the saccharine .
in a tired old setting
in a superficial way , while never sure
in a series of relentlessly nasty situations
in a sea of visual and verbal clichés
in a ridiculous wig no respectable Halloween costume shop would ever try to sell
would seem to be surefire casting . The catch is that they 're stuck with a script that prevents them from firing on all cylinders
, the second is small change .
what comes from taking John Carpenter 's Ghosts of Mars and eliminating the beheadings
what anyone saw in this film that allowed it to get made
's about as overbearing and over-the-top as the family it
's about as exciting as a sunburn
's about as overbearing and over-the-top as the family
's about all it does well
A very long movie , dull in stretches , with entirely too much focus on meal preparation and igloo construction
awkwardly garish showcase
Trapped wo n't score points for political correctness ,
Trapped wo n't score points for political correctness
the viewer in a literal and spiritual torpor
has about 25 minutes of decent material
what debt Miramax felt they owed to Benigni
A very depressing movie
tries-so-hard-to-be-cool
A very bad sign
Grey Zone
crafted but emotionally cold , a puzzle whose intricate construction one can admire but is difficult to connect with on any deeper level .
cranked out on an assembly line
The story is bogus and its characters tissue-thin .
the last thing you would expect from a film with this title or indeed from any Plympton film : boring
the last time I saw a movie where I wanted so badly for the protagonist to fail
The story is lacking any real emotional impact ,
The story is lacking any real emotional impact , and the plot is both contrived and cliched .
the latest gimmick from this unimaginative comedian
The story is predictable , the jokes are typical Sandler fare ,
Too often , Son of the Bride becomes an exercise in trying to predict when a preordained '' big moment '' will occur and not '' if . ''
compromise is the death of self ... this Orgasm ( wo n't be an ) exceedingly memorable one for most people
The story is predictable
too weak a recipe
too weak
too much about this love story .
too much about this love story . in that setting
too much time
con job
`` An entire film about researchers quietly reading dusty old letters . ''
`` Analyze That '' is one of those crass , contrived sequels that not only fails on its own , but makes you second-guess your affection for the original .
`` Abandon '' will leave you wanting to abandon the theater .
it 's equally distasteful to watch him sing the lyrics to '' Tonight . ''
blame Eddie Murphy
it 's easier to change the sheets than to change hackneyed concepts when it comes to dreaming up romantic comedies
it 's exploitive without being insightful .
it 's begun to split up so that it can do even more damage
it 's because there 's no discernible feeling beneath the chest hair
via a banal script
it 's boring
is , aptly enough , a challenge and a punishment .
vibes when in fact the film is n't as flippant or slick as it thinks it is
bland , obnoxious 88-minute infomercial
evoke childish night terrors
everything seem self-consciously poetic and forced
blame all men for war , '' ( the warden 's daughter ) tells her father . The movie is about as deep as that sentiment .
arch and rather cold-blooded comedy
of genuine depth that would make them redeemable
of Channel 5 grade trash
Another in-your-face wallow in the lower depths
Another in-your-face wallow in the lower depths made by people who have never sung those blues .
Another big , dumb action movie in the vein of XXX , The Transporter is riddled with plot holes big enough for its titular hero to drive his sleek black BMW through .
Another in-your-face wallow
Another rent installment
Another rent installment for the Ian Fleming estate
enough , but nothing new
can get your money back
can drive right by it without noticing anything special , save for a few comic turns , intended and otherwise .
a few laughs but nothing else
with the dull , nerdy folks that inhabit Cherish
its not very informative about its titular character and no more challenging than your average television biopic
its not very informative about its titular character and
So devoid of pleasure or sensuality that it can not even be dubbed hedonistic .
So here it is : It 's about a family of sour immortals
its overinflated mythology
troubling
freshened up by the dunce of a Screenwriting 101 class .
as pretentious
a Lifetime-channel kind of plot
a Lifetime-channel kind of plot and
is that it lacks focus .
Eyre 's failings as a dramatist
But the 2002 film does n't really believe in it , and breaks the mood with absurdly inappropriate ` comedy ' scenes .
you wo n't like looking at it
you wish had been developed with more care
you wish you had n't seen
Fans of so-bad-they 're
Wanders
Wanders all over the map thematically and stylistically , and borrows heavily from Lynch , Jeunet , and von Trier while failing to find a spark of its own .
ultimately too repellent
Although it tries to be much more , it 's really just another Major League .
Although largely a heavy-handed indictment of parental failings and the indifference of Spanish social workers and legal system towards child abuse
you get back to your car in the parking lot
Although Disney follows its standard formula in this animated adventure , it feels more forced than usual .
Although Estela Bravo 's documentary is cloyingly hagiographic in its portrait of Cuban leader Fidel Castro
lingers just as long on the irrelevant as on the engaging , which gradually turns What Time Is It There ? into How Long Is This Movie
lingers just as long on the irrelevant as on the engaging , which gradually turns What Time Is It There ? into How Long Is This Movie ?
lingers over every point until the slowest viewer grasps it
lionize its title character and exploit his anger
large human tragedy
large shadows and wide-angle shots taken from a distance to hide the liberal use of a body double
largely flat and uncreative moments
largely flat and uncreative
are n't many conclusive answers in the film
ultimately too repellent to fully endear itself to american art house audiences ,
David Spade as Citizen Kane ?
Daughter From Danang reveals that efforts toward closure only open new wounds .
`` Rollerball '' 2002 may go down in cinema history as the only movie ever in which the rest of the cast was outshined by LL Cool J.
the bottom of the barrel
's like every bad idea that 's ever gone into an after-school special compiled in one place , minus those daytime programs ' slickness and sophistication ( and who knew they even had any ? ) .
's like watching a miserable relationship unfold in real time
will probably be in wedgie heaven . Anyone else who may , for whatever reason , be thinking about going to see this movie is hereby given fair warning
will probably be in wedgie heaven . Anyone else who may , for whatever reason , be thinking about going to see this movie is hereby given fair warning .
will see nothing in it to match the ordeal of sitting through it
will see nothing in it to match the ordeal of sitting through it .
atop an undercurrent of loneliness and isolation
is ( Cattaneo ) sophomore slump .
pass without reminding audiences that it 's only a movie
passe '
passe
irritating ( at least to this Western ear )
make it sting
that are n't funny
irritating ( at least to this Western ear ) , making it awfully hard to buy the impetus for the complicated love triangle that develops between the three central characters
that are written and directed by people who could n't pass an entrance exam
its storyline with glitches casual fans could correct in their sleep
its ugly and diverse forms
petty thievery like this that puts flimsy flicks like this behind bars
permeates all its aspects -- from the TV movie-esque , affected child acting to the dullest Irish pub scenes ever filmed
permeates all its aspects -- from the TV movie-esque , affected child acting to the dullest Irish pub scenes ever filmed .
the only thing Avary seems to care about
Chan wades through putrid writing , direction and timing with a smile that says , ` If I stay positive , maybe I can channel one of my greatest pictures , Drunken Master . '
guns , cheatfully filmed martial arts , disintegrating bloodsucker computer effects and jagged camera moves that serve no other purpose than to call attention to themselves
guns , cheatfully filmed martial arts , disintegrating bloodsucker computer effects and jagged camera moves
sex toys and offers
it is a rather poor imitation
it is and its comedy is generally mean-spirited
it is cruel
I suspect this is the kind of production that would have been funnier if the director had released the outtakes theatrically and used the film as a bonus feature on the DVD .
it is doubtful this listless feature will win him any new viewers
would tax Einstein 's brain
have once again entered the bizarre realm where director Adrian Lyne holds sway , where all relationships are simultaneously broadly metaphorical , oddly abstract , and excruciatingly literal .
have no bearing on the story
have no affinity for most of the characters . Nothing about them is attractive . What they see in each other also is difficult to fathom .
have no affinity for most of the characters . Nothing about them is attractive . What they see in each other also is difficult to fathom
have no idea what in creation is going on
would work much better as a video installation in a museum , where viewers would be free to leave . Immediately .
, and entirely implausible
, and not worth
formulaic and stilted
formulaic conflict resolutions
formulaic films rather than
Nettelbeck sees working women -- or at least this working woman -- for whom she shows little understanding
do anything
does n't quite
doing little
To call this film a lump of coal would only be to flatter it .
tolerate the redneck-versus-blueblood cliches that the film trades in
ludicrous terms
some dramatic scenes that are jarring and deeply out of place in what could have ( and probably should have ) been a lighthearted comedy
some damn thing .
some 79-minute after-school `` cartoon ''
soliloquies about nothing delivered by the former Mr. Drew Barrymore
the economic fringes
thriller as impersonal in its relentlessness as the videogame series that inspired it .
on the same old formula of teen sex , outrageous pranks and scenes designed to push the envelope of bad taste for laughs
hoped the movie would avoid
hope for any chance of enjoying this film is by lowering your expectations .
hope -- shall we ? -- that the ` true story ' by which All the Queen 's Men is allegedly '' inspired '' was a lot funnier
hooey
rather like an overlong visit from a large group of your relatives .
rather like an overlong visit from a large group of your relatives . As your relatives swap one mundane story after another
rather like viewing a long soap opera in which only the first episode was any good
rather listless amble
rather lopsided conception
hopes to camouflage how bad his movie is
hopelessly monotonous
to an ugly chapter of the twentieth century
why did it have to seem like it took another thousand to tell it to us
to an almost comic embarrassment
to an end , along with Green 's half-hearted movie career
by going on for too long , trying to mirror every subsequent event in Chinese history : war , revolution , Communism , etc
the German occupation
the Holocaust
served with a hack script
somewhat disappointing and meandering
somewhat predictable
somewhat predictable plot
that you avoid the godzilla sized soda
its target audience talked all the way through it
seriously bad film
seriously bad
made by some very stoned college students
made by people who have never sung those blues .
made a decent children 's movie -- if only Benigni had n't insisted on casting himself in the title role
made by people who have never sung those blues
deathly
match the ordeal of sitting through it
that Resident Evil is not it
that Tom Tykwer , director of the resonant and sense-spinning Run Lola Run , has turned out to be a one-trick pony
that Stealing Harvard is too busy getting in its own way to be anything but frustrating , boring , and forgettable
that Peter O'Fallon did n't have an original bone in his body
that Pollyana would reach for a barf bag .
that Wallace , who wrote Gibson 's Braveheart as well as the recent Pearl Harbor , has such an irrepressible passion for sappy situations and dialogue
lecherous
There are simply too many ideas floating around -- part farce , part Sliding Doors , part pop video -- and yet failing to exploit them .
There are simply too many ideas floating around -- part farce , part Sliding Doors , part pop video -- and yet failing to exploit them
There are simply too many ideas floating around -- part farce , part Sliding Doors , part pop video -- and
There are simply too many ideas floating around -- part farce , part Sliding Doors , part pop video --
There are plot holes big enough for Shamu the killer whale to swim through .
the corporate circus that is the recording industry in the current climate of mergers and downsizing
There are touching moments in Etoiles , but for the most part this is a dull , dour documentary on what ought to be a joyful or at least fascinating subject .
There are touching moments in Etoiles , but for the most part this is a dull , dour documentary on what ought to be a joyful or at least fascinating subject
more as a sketch for a full-length comedy
more boring
more boring or
more boring or embarrassing
more by intellect than heart , his story flattens instead of sharpens
found myself struggling to put my finger on that elusive '' missing thing
found myself struggling to put my finger on that elusive '' missing thing .
found myself struggling to put my finger on that elusive '' missing thing . ''
a rustic retreat and pee against a tree
underlines even the dullest tangents
pray for an even more interesting , less symmetrical , less obviously cross-shaped creation
a trifle of a movie
a travesty of the genre and even as spoof takes itself too seriously
no small amount of poetry in girls
incredibly dull
increasingly tiresome
incredibly hokey
Breen 's script is sketchy with actorish notations on the margin of acting .
which it fails to get
takes its title all too literally .
takes itself all too seriously
will certainly want to spend their time in the theater thinking up grocery lists and ways to tell their kids how not to act like pinocchio . as for children , they wo n't enjoy the movie at all
a grief
The movie has very little to offer besides unintentional laughs .
It plods along methodically , somehow under the assumption that its '' dead wife communicating from beyond the grave '' framework is even remotely new or interesting .
It might not be 1970s animation , but everything else about it is straight from the Saturday morning cartoons -- a retread story , bad writing , and the same old silliness .
It might not be 1970s animation , but everything else about it is straight from the Saturday morning cartoons -- a retread story , bad writing , and the same old silliness
It might not be 1970s animation ,
It never rises to its clever what-if concept .
It never comes close to being either funny or scary .
It never comes close to being either funny or scary
caper movies that 's hardly any fun to watch
reading your scripts before signing that dotted line
Should have gone straight to video
Austin Powers in Goldmember has some unnecessary parts and is kinda wrong in places .
B-movie category
a cookie-cutter movie , a cut-and-paste job
( somebody suggested the stills might make a nice coffee table book )
a cop-out . What happens to John Q ?
a convolution
a cookie-cutter movie
a convolution of language that suggests it
( or role , or edit , or score , or anything , really
( or role , or edit , or score , or anything , really )
( or worth rooting against , for that matter )
( other than the very sluggish pace )
( sci-fi ) rehash
( she 's a best-selling writer of self-help books who ca n't help herself )
Unofficially , National Lampoon 's Van Wilder is Son of Animal House . Officially , it is twice as bestial but half as funny .
Unspeakable
Unspeakable , of course , barely begins to describe the plot and its complications . Vulgar is too optimistic a title .
, you should be able to find better entertainment .
, you wonder what anyone saw in this film that allowed it to get made .
, you wo n't find anything to get excited about on this DVD .
- A Veggie Tales Movie may well depend on your threshold for pop manifestations of the Holy Spirit .
from the lack of a compelling or comprehensible narrative
dead dog
dead mother
dead-end distaste
dead-end existence
trails off into inconsequentiality
would work much better as a video installation in a museum , where viewers would be free to leave .
unlikely to become a household name on the basis of his first starring vehicle
unlikeable
unlikeable people
For something as splendid-looking as this particular film , the viewer expects something special but instead gets ( sci-fi ) rehash .
For casual moviegoers who stumble into Rules expecting a slice of American Pie hijinks starring the kid from Dawson 's Creek , they 'll probably run out screaming .
For dance completists only .
For every articulate player , such as skateboarder Tony Hawk or BMX rider Mat Hoffman , are about a half dozen young Turks angling to see how many times they can work the words '' radical '' or '' suck '' into a sentence .
For its 100 minutes running time , you 'll wait in vain for a movie to happen .
About the only thing to give the movie points for is bravado -- to take an entirely stale concept and push it through the audience 's meat grinder one more time .
About the best thing you could say about Narc
About one in three gags in White 's intermittently wise script hits its mark ; the rest are padding unashamedly appropriated from the teen-exploitation playbook .
appetizing than a side dish of asparagus . If you 're not a fan , it might be like trying to eat Brussels sprouts
rates an ` e ' for effort -- and a ` b ' for boring
tragic past
the rotting underbelly
rates an ` e ' for effort -- and a ` b ' for boring .
rarely does a film so graceless and devoid of merit
rarely does a film so graceless and devoid of merit as this one come along
is good gossip , entertainingly delivered , yet with a distinctly musty odour , its expiry date long gone .
is grisly .
is grossly contradictory in conveying its social message
is grossly contradictory
the filmmakers ' paws , sad to say ,
the filmmakers ' paws , sad to say , were all over this
the filmmakers ' paws , sad to say
the filmmaker would disagree
the filmmaker 's relative passivity will make it tough for them to really care .
the filmmaker 's bottomless pit
the filmmaker 's bottomless pit of self-absorption
too many story lines
Hey , who else needs a shower ?
this Hollywood contrivance
who is simply tired
too mediocre to love .
if you give a filmmaker an unlimited amount of phony blood
if you give a filmmaker an unlimited amount of phony blood , nothing good can happen
if you only had a week to live
if you want to see a flick about telemarketers
if you shoot something on crummy-looking videotape , it must be labelled ` hip ' , ` innovative ' and ` realistic '
too much Norma Rae
exactly what it wants to be : an atrociously , mind-numbingly , indescribably bad movie
everyone thinks poo-poo jokes are ` edgy
Collapses after 30 minutes into a slap-happy series of adolescent violence
Collapses after 30 minutes into a slap-happy series of adolescent violence .
Collapses
Collapses after 30 minutes into a slap-happy series
Cold , pretentious , thoroughly dislikable study in sociopathy .
being `` in the mood '' to view a movie as harrowing and painful as The Grey Zone
being `` in the mood '' to view a movie as harrowing and
Collapses under its own meager weight
Collapses under its own meager weight .
a noticeable lack of pace
a pack of dogs who are smarter than him
a pact to burn the negative and the script and pretend the whole thing never existed
dispassionate
dishonorable
dissolution
disposable
disguised
disgusting
distract
is as padded as Allen 's jelly belly
be a letdown if its twists and turns hold no more surprise than yesterday 's weather report
a retread of material already thoroughly plumbed by martin scorsese
a retread of material already thoroughly
a rather sad story of the difficulties
a rather sad story
a retread
not to believe it
Corny
some unpaid intern
some pretty cool stunts but a complete failure
some weird relative trots out the video he took of the family vacation to Stonehenge
to disappear as quickly as an ice cube thrown into a pot of boiling water
became a deadly foreign policy
the sedentary doldrums
popcorn . Nothing overly original
on his pretty-boy laurels
on how bad the movie is
on grungy video
good bits are hopelessly overshadowed
good acting and plain old bad filmmaking
The original was n't a good movie
story becomes a hopeless , unsatisfying muddle
story and his juvenile camera movements
is why anybody picked it up . Wiser souls would have tactfully pretended not to see it and left it lying there
is what 's lacking in every character in this movie and , subsequently , the movie itself .
is what 's lacking in every character in this movie and , subsequently , the movie itself
is whether the movie will change titles or distributors again before the closing credits roll
this relentless , all-wise-guys-all-the-time approach tries way too hard and gets tiring in no time at all .
this reason and this reason only -- the power of its own steadfast , hoity-toity convictions --
this project was undertaken
that surely can not last
mostly boring affair
that takes such a speedy swan dive from `` promising ''
if this latest and laziest imaginable of all vintage-TV spinoffs were capable of engendering an emotional response of any kind
if the concept is a poor one , there 's no saving the movie . Sorry , Charlie
if stupid Americans will get a kick out of goofy Brits with cute accents performing ages-old slapstick and unfunny tricks
if the concept is a poor one
if they were put to sleep by the movie and had a nightmare
if the writers mistakenly thought they could achieve an air of frantic spontaneity by simply tossing in lots of characters doing silly stuff and stirring the pot
any doubt that Peter O'Fallon did n't have an original bone in his body
any easier to sit through than this hastily dubbed disaster
any film more challenging or depressing
the same problem that Next Friday did
irritatingly transparent
becomes a cliche-drenched melodrama
becomes a cliche-drenched melodrama by mid-film and , by film 's end , a feminist action fantasy
becomes a TV episode rather than a documentary
is ( Cattaneo ) sophomore slump
become the next Texas Chainsaw Massacre . But what about the countless other people who 'd merely like to watch a solid tale about a universally interesting soul
becomes a cliche-drenched melodrama by mid-film and , by film 's end , a feminist action fantasy .
irritating ( at least to this Western ear ) ,
if occasionally flawed ,
if the screenplay falls somewhat short
to believe that anyone in his right mind would want to see the it
to believe that something so short could be so flabby
Several degrees shy of the gross-out contests one
and vulnerable
There is something in Full Frontal , I guess , about artifice and acting and how it distorts reality for people who make movies and watch them , but
There is no entry portal in The Rules of Attraction , and I spent most of the movie feeling depressed by the shallow , selfish , greedy characters .
There is not an ounce of honesty in the entire production .
There is no pleasure in watching a child suffer . Just embarrassment and a vague sense of shame .
There is not a character in the movie with a shred of plausibility , not an event that is believable , not a confrontation that is not staged , not a moment that is not false .
the sort of people usually ignored in contemporary American film .
weaker
( but ) the script goes wrong at several key junctures .
( and torturing )
( and torturing
unsettling images
We 've seen the hippie-turned-yuppie plot before
, an archetypal desire to enjoy good trash every now and then .
We 've seen the hippie-turned-yuppie plot before , but
somewhere between mirthless todd solondzian satire and callow student film
Sorority Boys '' was funnier , and that movie was pretty bad
documentary to make the stones weep -- as shameful as it
they will have a showdown , but , by then , your senses are as mushy as peas and
they will have a showdown , but , by then , your senses are as mushy as peas
they will have a showdown , but , by then , your senses are as mushy as peas and you do n't care who fires the winning shot .
thin -- then out -- when there 's nothing else happening
delibrately obtuse
del Toro maintains a dark mood that makes the film seem like something to endure instead of enjoy .
We ca n't accuse Kung Pow for misfiring , since it is exactly what it wants to be : an atrociously , mind-numbingly , indescribably bad movie .
creeps
of the vulgar , sexist , racist humour
very jaundiced
very jaundiced few
remarkably ugly to look at
... this is n't even a movie we can enjoy as mild escapism ; it is one in which fear and frustration are provoked to intolerable levels .
it 's so laddish and juvenile , only teenage boys could possibly find it funny .
( I ) t 's certainly laudable that the movie deals with hot-button issues in a comedic context , but Barbershop is n't as funny as it should be .
( I ) t 's certainly laudable that the movie deals with hot-button issues in a comedic context , but Barbershop is n't as funny as it should be
( Hopkins ) does n't so much phone in his performance as fax it . No , even that 's too committed . He gets his secretary to fax it . ''
The story , touching though it is , does not quite have enough emotional resonance or variety of incident to sustain a feature , and
The story , touching though it is , does not quite have enough emotional resonance or variety of incident to sustain a feature , and even at 85 minutes it feels a bit long
The story , touching though it is , does not quite have enough emotional resonance or variety of incident to sustain a feature ,
The story has little wit and no surprises .
The story alone could force you to scratch a hole in your head .
dumbness
dry
unconcerned about what they ingest
uncool the only thing missing is the '' Gadzooks !
uncoordinated
To paraphrase a line from another Dickens ' novel , Nicholas Nickleby is too much like a fragment of an underdone potato .
uncreative
your senses are as mushy as peas
frustratingly refuses to give Pinochet 's crimes a political context
from this studio than some 79-minute after-school `` cartoon ''
from this choppy and sloppy affair
do bad things
remarkably dull with only Caine
remember the last time I saw worse stunt editing or cheaper action movie production values than in Extreme Ops
the quiet american is n't a bad film , it 's just one that could easily wait for your pay per view dollar .
it lacks the zest and
it lacks a strong narrative
it just sits there like a side dish no one ordered .
it just is n't a very involving one
it just goes to show that if you give a filmmaker an unlimited amount of phony blood , nothing good can happen
I skipped Country Bears . But
I see this piece of crap again
I realized the harsh reality of my situation
it leaves a bad taste in your mouth and questions on your mind
it lacks the zest and it goes for a plot twist instead of trusting the material
the pantheon of wreckage that includes Battlefield Earth and Showgirls
is more effective on stage . It 's not a motion picture
be little more than another platter of reheated aliens
just does n't work
just does n't have the restraint to fully realize them
just does n't have the necessary self-control to guide a loose , poorly structured film through the pitfalls of incoherence and redundancy .
just goes to show that if you give a filmmaker an unlimited amount of phony blood , nothing good can happen
just goes on and on and on and on
just for sitting through it
the film in a coma
just hectic and homiletic
just have problems , which are neither original nor are presented in convincing way .
the filmmaker would disagree , but , honestly , I do n't see the point
the movie itself does n't stand a ghost of a chance
unfulfilled
trance-noir and trumped-up street credibility
transparent attempts
the impossible task of making them jell
the ineffectual Broomfield
becomes instead a grating endurance test .
becomes long and tedious like a classroom play in a college history course
becomes an exercise in trying to predict when a preordained `` big moment '' will occur and not `` if . ''
becomes gimmicky instead of compelling .
becomes an exercise in trying to predict when a preordained `` big moment '' will occur and not `` if
becomes long and tedious like a classroom play in a college history course .
becomes more and more frustrating
Cho 's latest comic set is n't as sharp or as fresh as I 'm the One That I Want
acted , blandly directed ,
The vampire thriller Blade II starts off as a wild hoot and then sucks the blood out
The vampire thriller Blade II starts off as a wild hoot and then sucks the blood out of its fun
The vampire thriller Blade II starts off as a wild hoot and then sucks the blood out of its fun -- toward the end , you can feel your veins cringing from the workout .
The very definition of what critics have come to term an `` ambitious failure
The very definition of what critics have come to term an `` ambitious failure .
acted , blandly directed
careless and unfocused
acted , blandly directed , and could have been scripted by someone who just graduated from elementary school
carefully choreographed atrocities , which become strangely impersonal and abstract
Too bad none of it is funny .
enjoying this film is by lowering your expectations .
enough . Do we really need the Tiger Beat version
ode to bad behavior .
too amateurish and
can be clumsy
off more than it can chew by linking the massacre
crude
crush could be the worst film a man has made about women since valley of the dolls
crush could be the worst film a man has made about women since valley of the dolls .
would fail and perhaps explode
have lost the ability to think
all the cliches
all the charm of a meltdown
all the boozy self-indulgence that brings out the worst in otherwise talented actors
all the depth of a wading pool
Scorsese does n't give us a character worth giving a damn about .
Scotland , PA . blurs the line between black comedy and black hole .
in a word : disappointment .
in all of its banality
in an attempt
is : ` Scooby ' do n't
is : ` Scooby ' do n't .
is Dawn of the Dead crossed with John Carpenter 's Ghosts of Mars , with zombies not as ghoulish as the first and trains not as big as the second
is Dawn of the Dead crossed with John Carpenter 's Ghosts of Mars , with zombies not as ghoulish as the first and trains not as big as the second .
every cliche in the compendium about crass , jaded movie types and the phony baloney movie biz
every bodily fluids gag in There 's Something
every bit as imperious
every bad action-movie line in history
every bodily fluids gag
a pointless endeavor
a poor -- if durable -- imitation
a poor one
his big-budget action film debut something of a clunker as he delivers a long , low-heat chase , interrupted by a middling car chase
Tedious Norwegian offering which somehow snagged an Oscar nomination .
Tedious Norwegian offering which somehow snagged an Oscar nomination
Technically and artistically inept .
Technically and artistically inept
Tedious
Teddy Bears ' Picnic ranks among the most pitiful directing
does n't add up to a sufficient explanation of what the final dance work , The Selection , became in its final form .
does n't always improve the over-the-top mix
does n't add up .
does n't come close to the level of intelligence and visual splendour that can be seen in other films
does n't compare to the brilliant original
does n't believe in itself
does n't bring anything new to the proverbial table
does n't contain half the excitement of Balto , or quarter the fun of Toy Story 2
does n't contain half the excitement of Balto , or quarter the fun of Toy Story 2 .
any naked teenagers horror flick
an unsettlingly familiar figure -- in turns loyal and deceitful , responsible and reckless , idealistically selfless and coldly self-interested
an unsettlingly familiar figure
feel like it 's wasted yours
feel pissed off
this otherwise appealing picture loses its soul to Screenwriting For Dummies conformity .
do you make a movie with depth about a man who lacked any ? On the evidence before us , the answer is clear : Not easily and , in the end , not well enough .
do you make a movie with depth about a man who lacked any ? On the evidence before us , the answer is clear : Not easily and , in the end , not well enough
do you make a movie with depth about a man who lacked any ?
, this movie strangely enough has the outdated swagger of a shameless '70s blaxploitation shuck-and-jive sitcom .
' a nightmare on elm street ' or ` the hills
to direct-to-video irrelevancy
frittered away
when the movie ended so damned soon
a preamble to a bigger , more complicated story , one that never materializes
confusing on one level or another
tongue to keep from laughing at the ridiculous dialog or the oh-so convenient plot twists
My Wife 's plotting is nothing special
the story is virtually impossible to follow here
no entry portal in The Rules of Attraction
no excuse
no excuse for following up a delightful , well-crafted family film with a computer-generated cold fish
no goal and
a wool wetsuit
the boat loads of people who try to escape the country
most ordinary and obvious
the story is virtually impossible to follow here , but
the story is virtually impossible to follow here ,
Not so much a movie as a picture book for the big screen .
's very Beavis and Butthead , yet always
rough
of drivel so sickly sweet , even the eager consumers of Moore 's pasteurized ditties
of dreck disguised as comedy
is -- to its own detriment -- much
is -- to its own detriment -- much more a cinematic collage
is , overall , far too staid
is , we have no idea what in creation is going on
is , we have no idea what in creation is going on .
is , like the military system of justice it portrays , tiresomely regimented
is , like the military system of justice it portrays , tiresomely regimented .
best forgotten
insane liberties
its own clichés
for someone like Judd , who really ought to be playing villains
Maid in Manhattan might not look so appealing on third or fourth viewing down the road
the most poorly staged and lit action in memory
the artsy and often pointless
ugly and diverse forms
ugly heads
for ( Clara and Paul ) , even like them , though perhaps it 's an emotion closer to pity
Due to stodgy , soap opera-ish dialogue , the rest of the cast comes across as stick figures reading lines from a TelePrompTer .
Due to stodgy , soap opera-ish dialogue
Dragonfly ' dwells on crossing-over mumbo jumbo , manipulative sentimentality , and sappy dialogue .
Donovan ... squanders his main asset , Jackie Chan , and fumbles the vital action sequences .
of self-importance
can prevent its tragic waste of life
can not sustain the buoyant energy level of the film 's city beginnings into its country conclusion '
can not recommend it , because it overstays its natural running time
can not last
most repellent movie
Upper Teens may get cynical .
Unspeakable , of course , barely begins to describe the plot and its complications .
Unwieldy contraption .
the death of self ... this Orgasm ( wo n't be an )
Intriguing documentary which is emotionally diluted by focusing on the story 's least interesting subject
with its elbows sticking out where the knees should be
are often a stitch
look for any hefty anti-establishment message in what is essentially a whip-crack of a buddy movie that ends with a whimper
look like cheap hysterics
so hideously and clumsily
so grainy and rough , so dependent on being ` naturalistic ' rather than carefully lit and set up
so grainy and rough ,
so insanely dysfunctional
so insanely stupid
undeveloped
undeveloped script
undeveloped narrative
undisputed worst boxing movie
undone by Howard 's self-conscious attempts to find a ` literary ' filmmaking style to match his subject
undone by Howard 's self-conscious attempts
overstuffed
the pacing is deadly ,
to have ushers in the theater that hand you a cup of coffee every few minutes
the pacing is deadly
little enthusiasm for such antique pulp
little crossover appeal to those without much interest in the Elizabethans ( as well as rank frustration from those in the know about Rubbo 's dumbed-down tactics )
little enthusiasm
little else to recommend ''
to some script weaknesses and the casting of the director 's brother
to sleep by the movie
the pacing is deadly , the narration helps little and naipaul , a juicy writer , is negated .
to skip , even for horror movie fanatics
to slap her creators because they 're clueless and inept
in a movie that works against itself
the most poorly staged and lit action
've come to expect more from this studio than some 79-minute after-school '' cartoon ''
kiddie-oriented stinker
've been here , done that
gasp , shudder
garbage
gangster
when there 's nothing else happening
gawky actor
gawky
the film itself is ultimately quite unengaging .
the film is an agonizing bore except when the fantastic Kathy Bates turns up
the film is more worshipful than your random E !
the film idiotically uses the website feardotcom.com or the improperly hammy performance from poor Stephen Rea
the film ends with a large human tragedy .
Contrived , awkward and filled with unintended laughs
there are at least 10 complete misses , many coming from the amazingly lifelike Tara Reid , whose acting skills are comparable to a cardboard cutout .
self-defeatingly decorous
there 's one thing this world needs less of
there 's something cringe-inducing about seeing an American football stadium nuked as pop entertainment
Contains a few big laughs but many more that graze the funny bone or miss it altogether , in part because the consciously dumbed-down approach wears thin .
Family togetherness takes a back seat to inter-family rivalry and workplace ambition ... whole subplots have no explanation or even plot relevance .
Contains a few big laughs but many more that graze the funny bone or miss it altogether , in part because the consciously dumbed-down approach wears thin
Laced
does n't always succeed in its quest to be taken seriously
does little that is actually funny with the material
does n't capture the effect of these tragic deaths on hip-hop culture
does n't care about cleverness , wit or any other kind of intelligent humor
wonder how on earth anyone , anywhere could have thought they 'd make audiences guffaw with a script as utterly diabolical as this
was a freshman fluke
was a fad that had long since vanished .
come from seeing former nymphette Juliette Lewis playing a salt-of-the-earth mommy named Minnie and watching Slim travel incognito in a ridiculous wig no respectable Halloween costume shop would ever try to sell .
come from seeing former nymphette Juliette Lewis playing a salt-of-the-earth mommy named Minnie and watching Slim travel incognito in a ridiculous wig no respectable Halloween costume shop would ever try to sell
come from an animated-movie screenwriting textbook
come from a Xerox machine rather than ( writer-director ) Franc . Reyes ' word processor
is n't exactly quality cinema
is n't going to win any academy awards
is n't exactly profound cinema
Trailer park Magnolia
is n't interested in recycling old cliches
is n't particularly assaultive
who ca n't quite distinguish one sci-fi work from another
of a clunker as he delivers a long , low-heat chase , interrupted by a middling car chase
are cast adrift in various New York City locations with no unifying rhythm or visual style .
A synthesis of cliches and absurdities that seems positively decadent in its cinematic flash and emptiness .
A synthesis of cliches and absurdities that seems
enough questions
A synthesis of cliches and absurdities
enough mindless
enough mindless violence
enough to make one pine for the day when Godard can no longer handle the rigors of filmmaking
pack raw dough in my ears
of a comedy that ca n't really be described as out
the unfortunate trump card being the dreary mid-section of the film
the uninspired scripts , acting and direction
the uncanny , inevitable and seemingly shrewd facade of movie-biz farce
the uneven performances by the cast members , who seem bound and determined to duplicate Bela Lugosi 's now-cliched vampire accent
in the crotch , elbows in the face and spit in the eye
in the cinematic equivalent of tabloid journalism
are cheesy backdrops , ridiculous action sequences , and many tired jokes about men in heels .
fondness for fancy split-screen , stuttering editing and pompous references to Wittgenstein and Kirkegaard
a slice of counterculture that might be best forgotten
a slight and uninventive movie
a slapdash mess
a sketchy work-in-progress
a sketchy work-in-progress that was inexplicably rushed to the megaplexes before its time
a decent draft in the auditorium might blow it off the screen
a dearth of vitality and a story that 's shapeless and uninflected
all right . Extremely dumb
all pretense of creating historical context and waltzes off into a hectic soap about the ups and downs of the heavy breathing between the two artists
all over the map
serial killer Jeffrey Dahmer boring
all right . Extremely dumb . Extremely confusing
an astonishingly witless script
an astonishingly condescending attitude toward women
an atrociously , mind-numbingly , indescribably bad movie .
an atrociously , mind-numbingly , indescribably bad movie
an artist who is simply tired -- of fighting the same fights , of putting the weight of the world on his shoulders , of playing with narrative form
Scarface . That 's a cheat
Say It Is n't So
Say this for the soundtrack , it drowns out the lousy dialogue .
to keep letting go at all the wrong moments
to keep 80 minutes from seeming like 800
feel anything much while watching this movie ,
feel anything much while watching this movie , beyond mild disturbance or detached pleasure at the acting
feeble Tootsie knockoff .
saw that was written down
wear you out
wear you out and
wearing the somewhat cumbersome 3D goggles
say about a balding 50-year-old actor playing an innocent boy carved from a log
do n't work in concert
do n't really care for the candidate
do n't think most of the people who loved the 1989 Paradiso will prefer this new version
put in to come up with an irritatingly unimaginative retread concept
begging for attention
beg the question ` Why
begging for attention , giving audiences no reason to truly care for its decrepit freaks beyond the promise of a reprieve from their incessant whining
begging for attention ,
beginning to hate it
shot out of a cannon into a vat of ice cream
the expense of those who paid for it and those who pay to see it
checking their watches
of the recent Hollywood trip tripe
cheats on itself and retreats to comfortable territory . Too bad .
cheats on itself and retreats to comfortable territory . Too bad
of the sad decline of British comedies
An exhausting family drama about a porcelain empire and
do cliches , no matter how ` inside ' they are
do as best you can with a stuttering script .
do anything as stomach-turning as the way Adam Sandler 's new movie rapes , pillages and incinerates Frank Capra 's classic
do as best you can with a stuttering script
do anything as stomach-turning as the way Adam Sandler 's new movie rapes , pillages
do anything as stomach-turning as the way Adam Sandler 's new movie rapes , pillages and
do anything as stomach-turning as the way Adam Sandler 's new movie rapes
shot on ugly digital video .
, in a gauzy , dithering way
Eight Legged Freaks wo n't join the pantheon of great monster\/science fiction flicks that we have come to love ...
Elegantly crafted but emotionally cold , a puzzle whose intricate construction one can admire but is difficult to connect with on any deeper level .
a negligible work
This sort of cute and cloying material is far from Zhang 's forte and
This slender plot feels especially thin stretched over the nearly 80-minute running time .
This rough trade Punch-and-Judy act did n't play well then and it plays worse now
This sort of cute and cloying material is far from Zhang 's forte and it shows
needed one of the actor 's whiny jags
need to use more poetic license
needed so badly
needed one of the actor 's whiny jags to pump it up
needed to balance out the violence
needed so badly but what is virtually absent
His comedy premises are often hackneyed or just plain crude , calculated to provoke shocked laughter , without following up on a deeper level .
disturbing little movie
'm not sure which will take longer to heal : the welt on Johnny Knoxville 's stomach from a riot-control projectile or my own tortured psyche
'm not sure which is worse : the poor acting by the ensemble cast , the flat dialogue by Vincent R . Nebrida or the gutless direction
Hilariously inept and ridiculous
Love ,
Love , the sort of bitter old crank who sits behind his light meter and harangues the supposed injustices of the artistic world-at-large
is the point of emotional and moral departure for protagonist Alice
of junk
perverted
would-be characters
Imagine Kevin Smith , the blasphemous bad boy of suburban Jersey , if he were stripped of most of his budget and all of his sense of humor .
too amateurishly square
one that should be thrown back in the river
plot conceits
plot convolutions
Kmart blue-light-special effects
, your senses are as mushy as peas
- worst of all -
Staggers between flaccid satire and what is supposed to be madcap farce .
up not one but two flagrantly fake thunderstorms to underscore the action
up offering nothing more than the latest Schwarzenegger or Stallone flick
Staggers between flaccid satire and what
' a nightmare on elm street
that tries to be smart
that tries to fuse the two ` woods ' but winds up a Bolly-Holly masala mess
that this story is too goofy
feeling they 've watched nothing but a pale imitation of the real deal
tired formula
no good inside dope , and no particular bite
But ticket-buyers with great expectations will wind up as glum as Mr. De Niro .
But this costly dud is a far cry from either the book or the beloved film .
lots of Hollywood fluff
suggests a superior moral tone is more important than filmmaking skill
suicidal
sugar-coated Rocky
Remember back when thrillers actually thrilled ? When the twist endings were actually surprising ? When the violence actually shocked ? When the heroes were actually under 40 ? Sadly , as Blood Work proves , that was a long , long time ago .
's exhausting to watch
you can thank me for this . i saw juwanna mann so you do n't have to
villains
at the mercy of its inventiveness
wo n't win many fans over the age of 12
at the hypocrisy of political correctness
wish it would have just gone more over-the-top instead of trying to have it both ways .
it is a glorious failure .
bruised
of the whole slo-mo , double-pistoled , ballistic-pyrotechnic Hong Kong action aesthetic
of the whole dead-undead genre , who deserve more from a vampire pic than a few shrieky special effects
of the two bewitched adolescents
's no classic like its predecessor
's neither as romantic nor as thrilling as it should be .
this insecure in real life
this insecure
costly dud
peroxide blond honeys whose worldly knowledge comes from TV reruns and supermarket tabloids
period-piece movie-of-the-week , plain old blarney
this alarming production
college keg party
worst sin
worst sense
worth the price of admission ? Absolutely not . It sucked . Would I see it again ?
's nothing resembling a spine here
The worst kind of independent ; the one where actors play
The whole thing plays out with the drowsy heaviness of synchronized swimmer wearing a wool wetsuit .
The words , ` Frankly , my dear , I do n't give a damn , ' have never been more appropriate .
The worst kind
's not merely unwatchable , but
theatrics that provide its thrills and extreme emotions lose their luster when flattened onscreen
's not merely unwatchable ,
it grows tedious
it had , in fact , been fleshed out a little more instead of going for easy smiles
it has become even weaker
it had too much spitting for me to enjoy
it has a dull , costumey feel
quickly becomes a tiresome cliché
quick-cuts , ( very ) large shadows and wide-angle shots taken from a distance to hide the liberal use of a body double ( for Seagal )
quickly sinks into by-the-numbers territory .
quickly losing its focus , point and purpose in a mess of mixed messages , over-blown drama and Bruce Willis with a scar
quickly writes himself into a corner
quickly wears out its limited welcome
as ugly as the shabby digital photography and muddy sound
as ugly as the shabby digital photography and
as well as rank frustration from those in the know about Rubbo 's dumbed-down tactics
mostly inarticulate
as well as rank frustration from those in the know about Rubbo 's dumbed-down tactics )
characters are both overplayed and exaggerated
super-wealthy megalomaniac bent on world domination and destruction
New ways of describing badness
folks they do n't understand , ones they figure the power-lunchers do n't care to understand , either
The movie has no respect for laws , political correctness or common decency
sitting around in their drawers to justify a film
The movie is amateurish
should strike a nerve in many
shallow styles
official repression
shallow , offensive and redundant
shaky , uncertain film
lip-synching , tragedy
not-great
My advice is to skip the film and pick up the soundtrack .
not very absorbing characters
not to feel you 've just watched a feature-length video game with some really heavy back story
not to see it
My Sweet has so many flaws it would be easy for critics to shred it . It may even fall into the category of Films You Love to Hate . I admit it
Rice is too pedestrian a filmmaker to bring any edge or personality to The Rising Place that would set it apart from other Deep South stories .
My Sweet has so many flaws it would be easy for critics to shred it . It may even fall into the category of Films
My Sweet has so many flaws it would be easy for critics to shred it .
an entirely irony-free zone and Bale reduced mainly to batting his sensitive eyelids
My Sweet has so many flaws
recommended -- as visually bland as a dentist 's waiting room , complete with soothing Muzak and a cushion of predictable narrative rhythms
before it begins to fade from memory
A low-budget affair , Tadpole was shot on digital video , and the images often look smeary and blurry , to the point of distraction
A low-budget affair , Tadpole was shot on digital video , and the images often look smeary and blurry , to the point of distraction .
A major waste
A major waste ...
linguistic fumbling
Full Frontal had no effect and elicited no sympathies for any of the characters .
Full Frontal had no effect and elicited no sympathies for any of the characters . By that measure , it is a failure
Full Frontal had no effect and elicited no sympathies for any of the characters . By that measure , it is a failure .
Full of bland hotels , highways , parking lots , with some glimpses of nature and family warmth , Time Out is a discreet moan of despair about entrapment in the maze of modern life .
was aiming for , it certainly got lost in the '' soon-to-be-forgettable '' section of the quirky rip-off prison romp pile . It 's petty thievery like this that puts flimsy flicks like this behind bars
as a prissy teenage girl
as a pink slip
as a matinee
Son of the Bride becomes an exercise in trying to predict when a preordained `` big moment '' will occur and not `` if . ''
Sorry , Charlie
Broken
preposterous , prurient
preposterous , prurient whodunit
preposterous , the movie will likely set the cause of woman warriors back decades .
preposterous hairpiece
preposterously
quite unengaging
cinematic corpse
artifact , capturing a brief era of insanity in the sports arena that surely can not last
as I may , I ca n't think of a single good reason to see this movie , even though everyone in my group extemporaneously shouted , ` Thank you
little of the nervy originality of its groundbreaking small-screen progenitor
little more than play an innocuous game of fill-in - the-blanks with a tragic past .
little more than collections of quirky traits lifted from a screenwriter 's outline and thrown at actors charged with the impossible task of making them jell
little more than a well-acted television melodrama shot for the big screen .
little more than a well-acted television melodrama
little less bling-bling and a lot more romance
little less bling-bling and a lot more
little less bling-bling
its recent predecessor miserably
its rough-around-the-edges , low-budget constraints
of an ordeal than an amusement
its episodic pacing keeping the film from developing any storytelling flow
its expiry date long gone
contrived and secondhand
contrived plot points
contrived plotting ,
2-day old Coke
Maybe it 's just because this past year has seen the release of some of the worst film comedies in decades ...
before long , the film starts playing like general hospital crossed with a Saturday night live spoof of dog day afternoon
before long , the film starts playing like general hospital crossed with a Saturday night live spoof of dog day afternoon .
Though Tom Shadyac 's film kicks off spookily enough , around the halfway mark it takes an abrupt turn into glucose sentimentality and laughable contrivance .
being rewarded by a script that assumes you are n't very bright
some great human truths , when , in reality , it 's churning ground that has long passed the point of being fertile
played with exasperating blandness by Laura Regan
offers nothing more than a bait-and-switch that is beyond playing fair with the audience
offers nothing more than a bait-and-switch that is beyond playing fair with the audience .
often look smeary and blurry , to the point of distraction
often strains
... Margarita feels like a hazy high that takes too long to shake .
... a complete shambles of a movie so sloppy , so uneven , so damn unpleasant that I ca n't believe any viewer , young or old , would have a good time here .
... a cheap , ludicrous attempt at serious horror .
Though Impostor deviously adopts the guise of a modern motion picture , it too is a bomb .
the chaotic
plodding teen remake
the chaotic insanity and
the chaotic insanity and personal tragedies
neglecting its less conspicuous writing strength
neglecting character development
neglected over the years
needs to take a good sweat to clarify his cinematic vision before his next creation and remember the lessons of the trickster spider .
neo-Nazism
of day by concentrating on the elements of a revealing alienation among a culture of people who sadly are at hostile odds with one another through recklessness and retaliation
about an adult male dressed in pink jammies
times a bit melodramatic and even a little dated
focuses on Joan 's raging hormones and sledgehammers
focuses on Joan 's raging hormones and sledgehammers the audience with Spanish inquisitions about her '' madness '' so much that I became mad that I wasted 123 minutes and $ 9 . 50 on this 21st century torture device
focuses on Joan 's raging hormones and sledgehammers the audience with Spanish inquisitions about her '' madness '' so much that I became mad that I wasted 123 minutes and $ 9 .
the resourceful amnesiac
viewers may be more exhausted than the athletes onscreen
typical kiddie-flick sentimentality
villain
this broken character study
bitchy frolic
bitterly
blab and
blab
` time waster '
` zany ' does n't necessarily mean ` funny
gap
gaps in their relationships
you impatiently squinting at your watch
effort to watch this movie
a glorified sitcom
a glorified sitcom ,
walk out of The Good Girl with mixed emotions --
, ludicrous , provocative and vainglorious
this bitter Italian comedy
this bad on purpose is never clear .
this bad
this cinematic snow cone is as innocuous as it is flavorless .
painfully undistinguished
painfully leaden film
painfully leaden
painful to watch Witherspoon 's talents wasting away inside unnecessary films like Legally Blonde and Sweet Home Abomination , I mean , Alabama
painful to sit through
pain and violence
impossible to indulge the fanciful daydreams of Janice Beard ( Eileen Walsh ) when her real-life persona is so charmless and vacant
be relegated to a dark video store corner
) does n't so much phone in his performance as fax it . No , even that 's too committed . He gets his secretary to fax it . ''
, The Weight of Water comes off as a two-way time-switching myopic mystery that stalls in its lackluster gear of emotional blandness .
, ` How can you charge money for this ? '
Sweet Home Abomination
Sweet Home Alabama is taking another bummer of a wrong turn .
Swimfan ' left me with a very bad feeling .
Swept Under the Rug
is a lot more bluster than bite .
is a little scattered -- ditsy , even .
Those of you who are not an eighth grade girl will most likely doze off during this one .
is a little too in love
Those who are not acquainted with the author 's work , on the other hand , may fall fast asleep
is a little too in love with its own cuteness
speculation , conspiracy theories or , at best ,
speculation , conspiracy theories or , at best , circumstantial evidence
spend on a ticket ?
spend their time in the theater thinking up grocery lists and ways to tell their kids how not to act like Pinocchio . As for children
Utter mush
masala mess
a little less product
a little less charm
a little more human being , and a little less product
a little more human being , and
this half-hearted messing-about
A sour attempt
Human Nature , in short , is n't nearly as funny as it thinks it is ;
A sour attempt at making a Farrelly Brothers-style , down-and-dirty laugher for the female
as sci-fi generic
as sappy as Big Daddy
as shallow entertainment
tears
badly acted
the rut dug by the last one
brittle desperation
the sad decline
falls short on tension , eloquence , spiritual challenge -- things that have made the original New Testament stories so compelling for 20 centuries
falls short on tension , eloquence , spiritual challenge -- things that have made the original New Testament stories so compelling for 20 centuries .
a movie comes along to remind us of how very bad a motion picture can truly be . Frank McKlusky C . I .
a movie character more unattractive or odorous ( than Leon )
fall to pieces
falls flat as a spoof
falls flat as a spoof .
falls flat as thinking man CIA agent Jack Ryan in this summer 's new action film , '' The Sum of All Fears
falls flat as thinking man CIA agent Jack Ryan in this summer 's new action film , '' The Sum of All Fears .
falls flat as thinking man CIA agent Jack Ryan in this summer 's new action film , '' The Sum of All Fears . ''
Does n't do more than expand a TV show to movie length . However
Do you chuckle at the thought of an ancient librarian whacking a certain part of a man 's body
( T ) oo many of these gross out scenes ...
( Swimfan ) falls victim to sloppy plotting , an insultingly unbelievable final act and a villainess who is too crazy to be interesting .
dimwitted comedy and even dimmer characters
dimwitted
sardonic jolt
A boring , pretentious muddle that uses a sensational , real-life 19th-Century crime as a metaphor for
A boring , pretentious muddle
A boring , pretentious muddle that uses a sensational , real-life 19th-Century crime as a metaphor for --
of being a bit undisciplined
a fairly inexperienced filmmaker
It 's supposed to be a romantic comedy - it suffers from too much Norma Rae and not enough Pretty Woman
It 's supposed to be a romantic comedy
It 's supposed to be a humorous , all-too-human look at how hope can breed a certain kind of madness -- and strength -- but it never quite adds up
It 's supposed to be a humorous , all-too-human look at how hope can breed a certain kind of madness -- and strength --
It 's so tedious that it makes you forgive every fake , dishonest , entertaining and , ultimately , more perceptive moment in Bridget Jones 's Diary .
you do n't want to use your brain
It 's supposed to be post-feminist breezy but ends up as tedious as the chatter of parrots raised on Oprah .
It 's supposed to be a romantic comedy - it suffers from too much Norma Rae and not enough Pretty Woman .
loosely connected
If you 're a Crocodile Hunter fan , you 'll enjoy at least the '' real '' portions of the film . If you 're looking for a story , do n't bother .
never seems hopelessly juvenile .
never rises to its full potential as a film
never rises to a higher level
considerable more interest than the finished film , that 's a bad sign
considering some of the other dreck out
considering some of the other dreck out there right now
consistently unimaginative
, and we might resent it sometimes
sad to say --
sad to say
what it was that made the story relevant in the first place
, Eastwood is off his game
is dudsville
, Colin Hanks is in bad need of major acting lessons and maybe a little coffee .
, Comedian runs out of steam after a half hour .
, Crocodile Hunter has the hurried , badly cobbled look of the 1959 Godzilla , which combined scenes of a Japanese monster flick with canned shots of Raymond Burr commenting on the monster 's path of destruction .
is doomed by its smallness
is druggy and self-indulgent , like a spring-break orgy for pretentious arts majors .
is druggy and self-indulgent , like a spring-break orgy for pretentious arts majors
is dreary and sluggish .
is dreary and sluggish
, the rest of the cast comes across as stick figures reading lines from a TelePrompTer .
, the only way for a reasonably intelligent person to get through The Country Bears is to ponder how a whole segment of pop-music history has been allowed to get wet , fuzzy and sticky .
, the performances are so stylized as to be drained of human emotion .
, the payoff for the audience , as well as the characters , is messy , murky , unsatisfying .
largely bogus story
largely devoid
largely improvised
want to miss About A Boy
want to miss
war that ensues
gone wrong
crushed
cruel story
It 's a bad action movie because there 's no rooting interest
It 's a Frankenstein-monster of a film that does n't know what it wants to be .
It 's Pauly Shore awful . Do n't say you were n't warned
It 's 51 times better than this
Is n't it a bit early in his career for director Barry Sonnenfeld to do a homage to himself ? And it 's a lousy one at that .
It 's a bad action movie because there 's no rooting interest and the spectacle is grotesque and boring
underconfident
undercut by the voice of the star of Road Trip
underdeveloped
underdeveloped effort
underdone
underdone potato
nobody in the viewing audience cares
noble , trembling incoherence
noble end
is classic nowheresville in every sense
you 're not interested in discretion in your entertainment choices
is cheap junk and an insult to their death-defying efforts
is careless and unfocused .
Who cares ?
Although it bangs a very cliched drum at times
slummer
to it -- as if the director is trying to dupe the viewer into taking it all as Very Important simply because the movie is ugly to look at and not a Hollywood product
missing from this material
missed opportunity
misses the mark
mishandled here
misogyny and unprovoked
misogyny and unprovoked violence
to see the same old thing in a tired old setting
to see two Academy Award winning actresses ( and one Academy Award winning actor ) succumb to appearing in this junk that 's TV sitcom material at best
to see how many times they can work the words '' radical '' or '' suck
the first half of Sorority Boys is as appalling as any ` comedy ' to ever spill from a projector 's lens
blasphemous and nonsensical
blasphemous and
two not very absorbing characters are engaged in a romance
start to drag as soon as the action speeds up
stars schticky Chris Rock and stolid Anthony Hopkins , who seem barely in the same movie .
than a stifling morality tale
than a super-sized infomercial for the cable-sports channel and its Summer X Games
than a stylish exercise in revisionism whose point
than an hour-and-a-half-long commercial for Britney 's latest album
grumble
grueling
by its smallness
by its own pretentious self-examination
by humanity 's greatest shame
road-trip drek
The Paradiso 's rusted-out ruin and ultimate collapse during the film 's final ( restored ) third ... emotionally belittle a cinema classic . Sometimes shorter is better .
The Quiet American is n't a bad film , it 's just one that could easily wait for your pay per view dollar .
that falls victim to frazzled wackiness and frayed satire
it 's an 88-minute highlight reel that 's 86 minutes too long
it 's an 88-minute highlight reel that 's 86 minutes too long .
of the worst film comedies in decades
of trailer park denizens
is an exercise in pointlessness
slow .
slow scenes
slow -- very ,
slow --
slow -- very
is an astonishingly bad film
is an arthritic attempt at directing by Callie Khouri . I had to look away - this was god awful .
is an astonishingly bad film .
is an empty vessel
is an embarrassment , a monotonous
, Miramax should have hidden it from everyone .
murderer
In comparison to his earlier films it seems a disappointingly thin slice of lower-class London life ; despite the title ... amounts to surprisingly little .
way too much indulgence of scene-chewing , teeth-gnashing actorliness
In both the writing and cutting , it does not achieve the kind of dramatic unity that transports you . You end up simply admiring this bit or that , this performance or that .
way too mushy -- and in a relatively short amount of time
one big chase that seems to have no goal and no urgency . It 's just filler
The movie is a lumbering load of hokum but ...
only those most addicted to film
ripping people off
various victimized audience members
is such a blip on the year 's radar screen that it 's tempting just to go with it for the ride .
is such a joke
is such a blip on the year 's radar screen
is swamped by heavy-handed melodrama
An unencouraging threefold expansion on the former MTV series
An unclassifiably awful study in self - and audience-abuse
An unclassifiably awful study
An unencouraging threefold expansion
An unbelievably stupid film
worst film
worst National Lampoon film
Stuffy ,
Stuffy
Storytelling never quite gets over its rather lopsided conception
endlessly superficial .
Strong setup and ambitious goals fade as the film descends into unsophisticated scare tactics and B-film thuggery .
stretched to barely feature length , with a little more attention paid to the animation
a reject
expressing the way many of us live -- someplace between consuming self-absorption and insistently demanding otherness
emerge dazed , confused as to whether you 've seen pornography or documentary .
emerge dazed , confused as to whether you 've seen pornography or documentary
spend 110 claustrophobic minutes
seemingly a vehicle to showcase the canadian 's inane ramblings , stealing harvard is a smorgasbord of soliloquies about nothing delivered by the former mr . drew barrymore .
spell cliché
It 's loud and boring ; watching it is like being trapped at a bad rock concert .
, meandering , and sometimes dry
in its complexity . Nothing
's a dangerous , secretly unhinged guy who could easily have killed a president because it made him feel powerful .
Theology aside , why put someone who ultimately does n't learn at the center of a kids ' story ?
Then lower them a bit more .
See Clockstoppers if you have nothing better to do with 94 minutes . But be warned , you too may feel time has decided to stand still . Or that the battery on your watch has died .
scenes that seem simply an ill fit
tedious it makes the silly spy vs. spy film The Sum of All Fears , starring Ben Affleck , seem downright Hitchcockian
techno-tripe
teenagers fixating on its body humour and reinforcement of stereotypes
Bears about as much resemblance to the experiences of most battered women as Spider-Man
Dogtown is hollow , self-indulgent , and - worst of all - boring .
in a vat of failed jokes , twitchy acting , and general boorishness
be intolerable company
in a trash can ?
be in video stores by Christmas
be in a contest to see who can out-bad-act the other
Hip-hop rarely comes alive as its own fire-breathing entity in this picture .
far-flung , illogical , and plain stupid
far-flung , illogical , and
far-flung , illogical ,
far-flung , illogical
far-flung
far too tragic
far too staid
far too sentimental
dulled by slasher films and gorefests
dulled
will make it tough for them to really care .
may , I ca n't think of a single good reason to see this movie , even though everyone in my group extemporaneously shouted , `
may , I ca n't think of a single good reason to see this movie , even though everyone in my group extemporaneously shouted , ` Thank you
mawkish dialogue
may as well be called `` Jar-Jar Binks : The Movie
, but it does n't have the same magical quality as the beginning of the story .
skates blithely from one implausible situation to another , pausing only to tie up loose ends with more bows than you 'll find on a French poodle
Freudian puppet
's so laddish and juvenile , only teenage boys could possibly find it funny
substandard
destined for pre-dawn cable television slots
destined for pre-dawn cable television slots .
destructive
Every visual joke is milked
Every visual joke is milked ,
Every joke is repeated at least four times .
Every joke is repeated at least four times . Every joke is repeated at least -- annoying , is n't it ?
Every joke is repeated at least
not quite revelatory documentary
Every joke is repeated at least four times . Every joke is repeated at least four times . Every joke is repeated at least -- annoying , is n't it ?
terrible
some unnecessary parts
dumas
Its juxtaposition of overwrought existentialism and stomach-churning gore
Its initial excitement settles into a warmed over pastiche .
Its message has merit and , in the hands of a brutally honest individual like Prophet Jack , might have made a point or two regarding life .
could have turned this into an Argentine retread of `` Iris '' or `` American Beauty ,
than Julie Taymor 's preposterous Titus
than Jar Jar Binks , Scrappy Doo and Scooby Dumb
( De Palma 's ) bad , he 's really bad , and Femme Fatale ranks with the worst
that it 's far too sentimental
fidget through ten pseudo-serious minutes
giving a big middle-fingered '' shut up '' to those who talk up what is nothing more than two guys beating the hell outta
struggling nobody
you can hate yourself later .
you can smell a mile away
struck me as unusually and unimpressively fussy and pretentious .
struck me as unusually and unimpressively fussy and pretentious
mixed up together like a term paper
struck me as unusually and unimpressively fussy and
which nurses plot holes gaping enough to pilot an entire Olympic swim team through
which is way too stagy
which is paper-thin and decidedly unoriginal
which means he can be forgiven for frequently pandering to fans of the gross-out comedy
which lags badly in the middle and lurches between not-very-funny comedy , unconvincing dramatics and some last-minute action strongly reminiscent of Run Lola Run
If there was any doubt that Peter O'Fallon did n't have an original bone in his body , A Rumor of Angels should dispel it .
If there was ever a movie where the upbeat ending feels like a copout
If there 's a heaven for bad movies
If that does n't clue you in that something 's horribly wrong , nothing will
If there ai n't none , you have a problem
If there 's a heaven for bad movies , Deuces Wild is on its way .
is impenetrable and dull
is impossible to think of any film more challenging or depressing than The Grey Zone
is in bad need of major acting lessons and maybe a little coffee
is in bad need of major acting lessons and maybe a little coffee .
is in more abundant supply in this woefully hackneyed movie , directed by Scott Kalvert , about street gangs and turf wars in 1958 Brooklyn -- stale cliches , gratuitous violence , or empty machismo
is in need of a scented bath
Audiences conditioned to getting weepy over saucer-eyed , downy-cheeked moppets and their empathetic caretakers
will be Greek to anyone not predisposed to the movie 's rude and crude humor
Audiences conditioned to getting weepy over saucer-eyed , downy-cheeked moppets and their empathetic caretakers will probably feel emotionally cheated by the film 's tart , sugar-free wit .
shifts abruptly from tense to celebratory to soppy
's a crime movie made by someone who obviously knows nothing about crime
surrounded by 86 minutes of overly-familiar and poorly-constructed comedy
's a cipher , played by an actress who smiles and frowns but does n't reveal an inner life
's a conundrum not worth solving
with sci-fi video game graphics and Disney-fied adolescent angst
with silly action sequences
the failure of the third Revenge of the Nerds sequel
no charm , no laughs , no fun
no charm , no laughs , no fun ,
no charm , no laughs
no charm , no laughs ,
no chemistry
no chemistry or
no charm , no laughs , no fun , no reason to watch
no charm , no laughs , no fun , no reason to watch .
no chemistry or engaging charisma
no clue
that perverse element
is a variant of the nincompoop Benigni persona
is a variant of the nincompoop Benigni persona ,
is a variant of the nincompoop Benigni persona , here a more annoying , though less angry version of the irresponsible Sandlerian manchild , undercut by the voice of the star of Road Trip
is a variant of the nincompoop Benigni persona , here a more annoying , though less angry version of the irresponsible Sandlerian manchild , undercut by the voice of the star of Road Trip .
Calling this movie brainless
over-dramatic at times
then morphed into a movie -- a bad one
over-dramatic
dumped
dumb gags , anatomical humor , or character cliches
dumb gags
dumb fart jokes
dumb fart
dumb gags , anatomical humor , or
dumb gags , anatomical humor ,
dumb gags , anatomical humor
dumb gags ,
tries to rush through the intermediary passages , apparently hoping that the audience will not notice the glaring triteness of the plot device
The innate theatrics that provide its thrills and extreme emotions lose their luster when flattened onscreen
The story is virtually impossible to follow here , but
insomnia
The holiday message of the 37-minute Santa vs . the Snowman
in fast-edit , hopped-up fashion
exasperatingly slow journey
exasperatingly slow
, you might imagine that most every aggrieved father cliché has been unturned .
exasperatingly
exasperating blandness by Laura Regan
is that there is never any question of how things will turn out
being surprisingly dull
despite her relentless vim and winsome facial symmetry , witherspoon is just too dialed-up to be america 's sweetheart .
despite its rough edges and a tendency to sag in certain places
despite the mild hallucinogenic buzz
despite her relentless vim and winsome facial symmetry , witherspoon is just too dialed-up to be america 's sweetheart
detached
with your green plastic army men were more exciting
saccharine earnestness were a crime
already the details have faded like photographs from the Spanish-American War
already overladen with plot conceits
already littered with celluloid garbage
alongside those other two recent Dumas botch-jobs
is that it goes nowhere
a grating endurance test
to do virtually everything wrong
a great missed opportunity
, well-written television series where you 've missed the first half-dozen episodes and probably wo n't see the next six .
three hours and with very little story or character development
three hours and with very little story or character
three narcissists
The only element of suspense is whether the movie will change titles or distributors again before the closing credits roll .
The only camouflage Carvey should now be considering is a paper bag to wear over his head when he goes out into public , to avoid being recognized as the man who bilked unsuspecting moviegoers .
The notion that bombing buildings is the funniest thing in the world goes entirely unexamined in this startlingly unfunny comedy .
cliche
Talkiness
another silly Hollywood action film , one among a multitude of simple-minded ,
another silly Hollywood action film , one among a multitude of simple-minded , yahoo-ing death shows
another tired old vision
another unoriginal run
, why did n't he just do it , instead of using bad sci-fi as window dressing ?
does n't make any sense
does n't live up to material
does n't leave you with much
does n't know whether it wants to be a suspenseful horror movie or a weepy melodrama
does n't know what it wants to be
does n't know it 's a comedy .
does n't mean you have to check your brain at the door
succumbs to the trap of the maudlin or tearful
Mr . Deeds is not really a film as much as it is a loose collection of not-so-funny gags , scattered moments of lazy humor .
with scams within scams within scams
their time ( including mine ) on something very inconsequential
At its worst , the movie is pretty diverting
At its worst , the movie is pretty diverting ;
At best , Cletis Tout might inspire a trip to the video store -- in search of a better movie experience .
You wo n't like Roger ,
and wondering if she 'll crack
moldy and trite
moldy and
You 'll forget about it by Monday , though , and if they 're old enough to have developed some taste
moldy
`` The Dangerous Lives of Altar Boys '' has flaws ,
`` The Dangerous Lives of Altar Boys '' has flaws
`` The Adventures of Pluto Nash '' is a big time stinker .
it 's the star power of the cast or the redundant messages
trailer-trash
to the mediocrity that is Kung Pow : Enter the Fist
it 's all bluster and cliché
it 's a sad , sick sight
involving the various Silbersteins that it feels more like the pilot episode of a TV series than a feature film
invites unflattering comparisons
invites unflattering comparisons to other installments in the Ryan series
involve a dentist drill
watched the far superior Nurse Betty or Sunset Boulevard .
watched the far superior Nurse Betty or Sunset Boulevard . Even the unwatchable Soapdish is more original
grade-school audience
is a subzero version of Monsters , Inc. , without the latter 's imagination , visual charm or texture
it skirts around any scenes that might have required genuine acting from Ms. Spears
leave your date
about the mechanisms of poverty
a tiresome cliché
in the current climate of mergers and downsizing
a tired old setting
movie that falls victim to frazzled wackiness and frayed satire
movie rapes
movie-biz
child acting
choppy and sloppy
choppy and sloppy affair
does n't do
battles you staged with your green plastic army men were more exciting and almost certainly made more sense
horrible pains
horribly depressing
hopes Mr . Plympton will find room for one more member of his little band , a professional screenwriter .
hoping for a stiff wind to blow it uphill or something
hoping the nifty premise will create enough interest to make up for an unfocused screenplay
horrible , 99-minute
horrible movie
than a leaky freighter
than a lot of the crap
than a mediocre trifle
than a glorified Nike ad
mediocrity
media-soaked
unbalanced mixture
unbearable when it is n't merely offensive
unbearable when it is n't merely offensive .
unchanged dullard
uncomfortably close to pro-Serb propaganda .
uncomfortably strained
uncommitted
ticket-buyers with great expectations will wind up as glum as Mr. De Niro .
throws quirky characters , odd situations , and off-kilter dialogue
tick off every point of `` The Longest Yard '' playbook like a checklist
throws quirky characters , odd situations , and off-kilter dialogue at us , all as if to say , `` Look at this !
kids = misery
it has definite weaknesses
look ill at ease sharing the same scene
look bad
look classy in a '60s - homage pokepie hat , but as a character he 's dry , dry , dry
's hard to get back into the boys ' story
make you angry
make you feel like a sucker
if it was made without much thought
is less about a superficial midlife crisis
nasty aftertaste
Sterile And
like Saturday morning TV in the '60s
suited neither to kids or adults
nasty
if it 's possible to make a narrative film about September 11th , though I 'm sure some will try
narcissism and self-congratulation
suited to a quiet evening on PBS than a night out at an AMC .
nasty , ugly , pointless and depressing
oppressively
ambition is in short supply in the cinema
have had enough of plucky British eccentrics with hearts of gold
mandates that you avoid the godzilla sized soda
do more than expand a TV show to movie length .
more to be prescribed than recommended -- as visually bland as a dentist 's waiting room , complete with soothing Muzak and a cushion of predictable narrative rhythms .
more than recycled jock
more than sketches ... which leaves any true emotional connection or identification frustratingly out of reach
more to be prescribed than recommended -- as visually bland as a dentist 's waiting room , complete with soothing Muzak and a cushion of predictable narrative rhythms
from a summer of teen-driven , toilet-humor codswallop
from a genre -- the gangster\/crime comedy -- that wore out its welcome with audiences several years ago
from a lack of clarity and audacity that a subject as monstrous and pathetic as Dahmer
shaky
characters so unsympathetic
characteristically engorged and sloppy
characterizes better hip-hop clips and is content to recycle images and characters that were already tired 10 years ago
characters ramble
shaky as the plot
Too slow , too long and
Too slow , too long
Too slow , too long and too little happens .
Too simple for its own good
Too slow ,
Too slow
Too stagey ,
Too stagey
endure instead of enjoy
it 's not clear whether we 're supposed to shriek
it 's not entirely memorable
it 's not much more watchable than a Mexican soap opera
it 's not that funny
it 's not very good either .
it 's not very interesting . As a remake , it 's a pale imitation .
the tale -- like its central figure , Vivi -- is just a little bit hard to love .
short running
short on tension , eloquence , spiritual challenge -- things that have made the original New Testament stories so compelling for 20 centuries
shot but dull and ankle-deep ` epic . '
from sharing the awe in which it holds itself
from seeing former nymphette Juliette Lewis playing a salt-of-the-earth mommy named Minnie and watching Slim travel incognito in a ridiculous wig no respectable Halloween costume shop would ever try to sell
bad movies
bad movies make and is determined not to make them
bad sign
bar-scrapping doggedness
a guy with his talent ended up in a movie this bad
a ham-fisted sermon
Sensitive though not quite revelatory documentary
Self-congratulatory
bad need of major acting lessons and maybe a little coffee
worn by lai 's villainous father to the endless action sequences
bad name
Meandering and glacially paced , and often just plain dull
McTiernan 's remake may be lighter on its feet -- the sober-minded original was as graceful as a tap-dancing rhino -- but it is just as boring and as obvious .
McTiernan 's remake may be lighter on its feet -- the sober-minded original was as graceful as a tap-dancing rhino -- but it is just as boring and as obvious
this one , it 's not very good either .
it 's unlikely to inspire anything more than a visit to McDonald 's , let alone some savvy street activism
does n't think much of its characters , its protagonist , or of us .
does n't think much of its characters , its protagonist , or of us
does not achieve the kind of dramatic unity that transports you
does n't work in a modern context
does n't serve up a whole lot of laughs
does n't signify a whole lot either
does n't serve up a whole lot of laughs .
does not achieve the kind of dramatic unity that transports you .
there remains a huge gap between the film 's creepy
Almost as offensive as `` Freddy
aground after being snared in its own tangled plot
Almost everything else is wan .
Almost peerlessly unsettling .
was only
repeated in films over and over again
was once an amoral assassin just like the ones who are pursuing him
opera-ish approach undermines his good intentions .
opera-ish story
the script 's bad ideas and awkwardness
feels derivative
blood
bland but
bland but harmless
the gags are puerile
blinding embarrassment
blinding
blind , crippled , Amish people
this does not really make the case the Kissinger should be tried as a war criminal .
the full emotional involvement and support of a viewer . that is made almost impossible by events that set the plot in motion
has long been plundered by similar works featuring the insight and punch this picture so conspicuously
its abrupt drop in iq points as it races to the finish line
has leukemia looked so shimmering and benign
trump card being the dreary mid-section of the film
ca n't save itself from being unoriginal , unfunny and unrecommendable .
with Pluto Nash ? How did it ever get made
of the same old garbage
of the really bad Blair Witch Project
rip off
looked uglier
looking for astute observations and coming up blank
tremendously sad
Movies like High Crimes flog the dead horse of surprise as if it were an obligation .
to the point of suffocation
had been more of the '' Queen '' and less of the '' Damned
to the point of ridiculousness
is way too indulgent .
is way too stagy
is way too indulgent
is way , way off
is way , way off .
nine sequels and 400 years later
no aspirations
no apparent joy
itself is small and shriveled
itself are little more than routine .
itself by avoiding eye contact and walking slowly away .
itself all too seriously
itself is actually quite vapid .
itself is just SOOOOO tired . Pair that with really poor comedic writing
itself does n't stand a ghost of a chance
The movie is not as terrible as the synergistic impulse that created it .
's because relatively nothing happens .
into the mind of Jeffrey Dahmer , serial killer
a bump on the head
insecure about its capacity
, plain old
, painful , obnoxious
, pathetic , starving and untalented
fun to make than it is to sit through
fun like the Vincent Price horror classics of the '60s . At its worst , it implodes in a series of very bad special effects
this emotional car-wreck
A boring , wincingly cute and nauseatingly politically correct cartoon guaranteed to drive anyone much over age 4 screaming from the theater .
chicken barely give a thought to the folks who prepare and deliver it
chicanery and self-delusion
cheesy dialogue
depends on how well flatulence gags fit into your holiday concept
The movie is amateurish , but
of a film that 's rarely as entertaining as it could have been
there 's no rooting interest
sound so dull
sound like it was co-written by Mattel executives and lobbyists for the tinsel industry
sounds like horrible poetry
sounds like horrible poetry .
before the daddy of all slashers arrives , still with the boiler suit and white mask , which look remarkably clean for a guy who has been mass-murdering since 1978 but has never been seen doing laundry
bracingly nasty
began as an intriguing look at youth fizzles into a dull , ridiculous attempt at heart-tugging
there 's no place for this story to go but down
, his approach to storytelling might be called Iranian .
mourns her tragedies in private
mournfully brittle delivery
mourns
mournful
feel like the longest 90 minutes of your movie-going life
feel like running out screaming
The movie 's downfall
The movie 's blatant derivativeness is one reason it 's so lackluster .
for violence
be more at home on the small screen but for its stellar cast
be mistaken for giving a public oration , rather than contributing to a film 's narrative
be mighty bored to even think of staying with this for more than , say , ten ... make that three minutes
is not a great Bond movie
is not in the least surprising
is not only distanced but distancing .
that are jarring and deeply out of place in what could have ( and probably should have ) been a lighthearted comedy
take a complete moron to foul up a screen adaptation of Oscar Wilde 's classic satire
mumbles his way through the movie
take a complete moron
fighting off the urge to doze
fighting each other
fighting whom here ? Ah , yes , that would be me : fighting off the urge to doze
take 3 hours to get through
murder by numbers , and as easy to be bored by as your ABC 's ,
like I was out in the Seattle drizzle without rainwear
like Legally Blonde and Sweet Home Abomination
often appear to be reading the lines and are incapable of conveying any emotion
it evaporates like so much crypt mist in the brain
it does n't work .
it either moderately amusing or just plain irrelevant
it does n't make any sense
it does n't leave you with much
it does n't offer any insights that have n't been thoroughly debated in the media already , back in the Dahmer heyday of the mid - '90s
is one of those films that I wanted to like much more than I actually did
when a movie has about as much substance as its end credits blooper reel
B movie
document both sides of this emotional car-wreck
Culkin , who 's in virtually every scene
of the current political climate
of the current political climate ( see : terrorists are more evil than ever ! )
the film 's shortcomings
The best that can be said about the work here of Scottish director Ritchie ... is that he obviously does n't have his heart in it .
The backyard battles you staged with your green plastic army men were more exciting and almost certainly made more sense .
when you instantly know whodunit
believe that people have lost the ability to think and
believe that people have lost the ability to think and will forgive any shoddy product as long as there 's a little girl-on-girl action
The best way to hope for any chance of enjoying this film is by lowering your expectations . Then lower them a bit more .
The best way to hope for any chance of enjoying this film is by lowering your expectations .
crush each other under cars , throw each other out windows , electrocute and dismember their victims in full consciousness .
crushing disappointment
'll be a power outage during your screening so you can get your money back
Woefully
an elderly , mentally handicapped family member
's a stale , overused cocktail using the same olives since 1962 as garnish
's a sly wink to The Others without becoming a postmodern joke , made creepy by its `` men in a sardine can '' warped logic .
's a sly wink to The Others without becoming a postmodern joke , made creepy by its `` men in a sardine can '' warped logic
's a stale , overused cocktail using the same olives since 1962 as garnish .
, it is n't much fun .
is sadly a tough sit ,
, it just gets stupid and maudlin .
a stiflingly unfunny and unoriginal mess this
a stiflingly unfunny and unoriginal mess
a stiff wind to blow it uphill or something
a stiff wind to blow it uphill
a step down
a star , nor why he keeps being cast in action films when none of them are ever any good
reactionary ideas about women
reaches the level of crudity in the latest Austin Powers extravaganza
reached its expiration date
at every faltering half-step of its development
at best , and not worth seeing unless you want to laugh at it
the messy
the messy emotions
the messy emotions raging throughout this three-hour effort
the messy emotions raging throughout this three-hour effort are instantly recognizable , allowing the film to paradoxically feel familiar and foreign at the same time .
the plot grinds itself out in increasingly incoherent fashion
a disaster of a story , full of holes and completely lacking in chills
a disaster of a story
a disaster of a story ,
McKay seems embarrassed by his own invention and tries to rush through the intermediary passages , apparently hoping that the audience will not notice the glaring triteness of the plot device
McKay seems embarrassed by his own invention and tries to rush through the intermediary passages , apparently hoping that the audience will not notice the glaring triteness of the plot device he has put in service .
This is rote spookiness , with nary an original idea ( or role , or edit , or score , or anything , really ) in sight , and
This is rote spookiness , with nary an original idea ( or role , or edit , or score , or anything , really ) in sight , and the whole of the proceedings beg the question ` Why
a liability
This is rote spookiness , with nary an original idea ( or role , or edit , or score , or anything , really ) in sight , and the whole of the proceedings beg the question ` Why ? '
This is surely one of the most frantic , virulent and foul-natured Christmas season pics ever delivered by a Hollywood studio .
Santa bumps up against 21st century reality so hard
characters and WWF mentality
the journey does n't really go anywhere .
baffling mixed platter
Never quite transcends jokester status ... and
Never engaging , utterly predictable and completely void
Never engaging ,
Never engaging , utterly predictable and completely void of anything remotely interesting or suspenseful
Never engaging , utterly predictable and completely void of anything
Never engaging , utterly predictable and completely void of anything remotely interesting or suspenseful .
Never quite transcends jokester status
has a lulling effect
has a script ( by Paul Pender ) made of wood
Forget the Psychology 101 study of romantic obsession and just watch the procession of costumes in castles and this wo n't seem like such a bore .
Forget the misleading title , what 's with the unexplained baboon cameo ?
putters
in virtually every scene
for the most part , the film is deadly dull
for the most part , the weight of water comes off as a two-way time-switching myopic mystery that stalls in its lackluster gear of emotional blandness
the film never rises above a conventional , two dimension tale
Vulgar
the film is superficial and will probably be of interest primarily to its target audience
pushed into the margins by predictable plotting and tiresome histrionics
pushed into the margins
crushes all the goodwill it otherwise develops
making his wife look so bad in a major movie
making it awfully hard to buy the impetus for the complicated love triangle that develops between the three central characters
making it par for the course for Disney sequels
making me groggy
'd think filmmaker Simon Wells would have more reverence for the material . But this costly dud is a far cry from either the book or the beloved film .
'll be laughing at Britney Spears ' movie-starring debut whenever it does n't have you impatiently squinting at your watch
'll be more entertained getting hit by a bus
'll be laughing at Britney Spears ' movie-starring debut whenever it does n't have you impatiently squinting at your watch .
possible Argentine American Beauty reeks
husband-and-wife disaster
a clash
it will certainly succeed in alienating most viewers
both overstuffed and undernourished ... The film ca n't be called a solid success , although there 's plenty of evidence here to indicate Clooney might have better luck next time
survive a screening with little harm done
survive a screening with little harm done , except maybe for the last 15 minutes , which are as maudlin as any after-school special you can imagine
the lives of women torn apart by a legacy of abuse
Morvern Callar grows less compelling the farther it meanders from its shocking start
Morvern Callar grows less compelling the farther it meanders from its shocking start .
depend on surprises
kicking undead \*\*\*
kinda dumb
know I would have liked it more if it had just gone that one step further
knock yourself out and enjoy the big screen postcard that is a self-glorified Martin Lawrence lovefest .
, obnoxious 88-minute
yield
on the whole less
if the movie knew what to do with him
if the movie is more interested in entertaining itself than in amusing us
if the movie itself does n't stand a ghost of a chance
if they were jokes
if they 're not big fans of teen pop kitten Britney Spears
the rope snaps
Certainly the big finish was n't something
May be far from the best of the series ,
May be far from the best of the series , but
Such a wildly uneven hit-and-miss enterprise
ca n't tell the difference between the good , the bad and the ugly
a strong case for letting sleeping dogs lie
a story that 's shapeless and uninflected
a story for more than four minutes
Tashlin comedy
plain awful
plaintiveness
such an irrepressible passion for sappy situations and dialogue
such an excellent job of critiquing itself at every faltering half-step of its development that criticizing feels more like commiserating
same stuff
drifts so inexorably into cliches about tortured ( and torturing ) artists and consuming but impossible love that you ca n't help but become more disappointed as each overwrought new sequence plods on .
you might imagine that most every aggrieved father cliché has been unturned .
shrill and soporific , and because
Resurrection is n't exactly quality cinema , but it is n't nearly as terrible as it cold have been
Resurrection is n't exactly quality cinema , but
Resurrection is n't exactly quality cinema ,
Resurrection is n't exactly quality cinema
pass this stinker off as a scary movie
pass this stinker off
passed as slowly as if I 'd been sitting naked on an igloo
passed the point of being fertile
Liotta is put in an impossible spot because his character 's deceptions ultimately undo him and the believability of the entire scenario . Too bad .
where this dumbed-down concoction is going
whether The Tuxedo is more boring or embarrassing
where you walk out of the theater not feeling
the top-billed Willis is not the most impressive player .
whether or not to recommend this film because for every thing it does right there 's at least one and occasionally two things it gets ever so wrong
same old story
A hysterical yet humorless disquisition on the thin line between sucking face and literally sucking face .
A horror movie with seriously dumb characters , which somewhat dilutes the pleasure of watching them
A horror movie with seriously dumb characters , which somewhat dilutes the pleasure of watching them stalked by creepy-crawly bug things that live only in the darkness .
A jumbled fantasy comedy that did not figure out a coherent game
The characters are based on stock clichés ,
that I usually dread encountering the most
A jumbled fantasy comedy that did not figure out a coherent game plan at scripting , shooting or post-production stages .
similarly ill-timed
village idiot
politics and drama , an admirable ambition . It 's too bad that the helping hand he uses to stir his ingredients is also a heavy one
pollute the summer movie pool
pompous professor
pompous windbags
ponderous awfulness of its script
ponderous awfulness of its script .
ponderously
ends and tragedy
impersonal
really as bad as you might think ! ''
really an advantage to invest such subtlety and warmth in an animatronic bear when the humans are acting like puppets
as a pale successor
as a root cause of gun violence
What Full Frontal lacks in thematic coherence it largely makes up for as loosey-goosey , experimental entertainment . Still , I 'm not quite sure what the point is ...
the movie collapses on its shaky foundation despite the best efforts of director Joe Carnahan .
the movie dawdle
, he makes Arnold Schwarzenegger look like Spencer Tracy .
or preachy
or loathe it
or even keep your eyes open .
would have saved this film a world of hurt
would have saved this film a world of hurt .
The truth is that The Truth About Charlie gets increasingly tiresome .
The tone shifts abruptly from tense to celebratory to soppy .
The title not only describes its main characters , but the lazy people behind the camera as well .
The title not only describes its main characters , but the lazy people behind the camera as well
create ultimate thrills . Men in Black II achieves ultimate insignificance
created a monster but did n't know how to handle it .
Only masochistic moviegoers
drifts so inexorably into cliches about tortured ( and torturing ) artists and consuming but impossible love that you ca n't help but become more disappointed as each overwrought new sequence plods on
pointless , meandering
poignancy jostling against farce , thoughtful dialogue elbowed aside by one-liners , and a visual style that incorporates rotoscope animation for no apparent reason except , maybe , that it looks neat
screams
what is essentially a whip-crack of a buddy movie that ends with a whimper
what it lacks in outright newness . Plus , like I already mentioned
treads old turf
about interfaith understanding
reject
tosses around sex toys and offers half-hearted paeans to empowerment that are repeatedly undercut by the brutality of the jokes , most at women 's expense .
it would be easy for critics to shred it .
need every bit of sympathy the cons can muster ; this time , there is n't much .
the unthinkable , the unacceptable , the unmentionable
need kidnapping suspense dramas right now like we need doomsday thrillers
the soul of a man in pain
need of a Cube fix
This story of unrequited love does n't sustain interest beyond the first half-hour .
This stuck pig
need every bit of sympathy the cons can muster ; this time , there is n't much
literary purists may not be pleased ,
befuddling
begin to tell you how tedious , how resolutely unamusing , how thoroughly unrewarding all of this is , and what a reckless squandering of four fine acting talents
beginning with the pale script
hate this one
Ja Rule and Kurupt should have gotten to rap . It would have benefitted the dialogue .
Its well of thorn and vinegar ( and simple humanity ) has long been plundered by similar works featuring the insight and punch this picture so conspicuously lacks .
Its well of thorn and vinegar
amusing for about three minutes
Liotta is put in an impossible spot because his character 's deceptions ultimately undo him and the believability of the entire scenario .
Lilo & Stitch '' is n't the most edgy piece of Disney animation to hit the silver screen
Like you could n't smell this turkey rotting from miles away .
was made without much thought
is what comes from taking John Carpenter 's Ghosts of Mars and eliminating the beheadings .
is virtually without context -- journalistic or historical .
is way too muddled to be an effectively chilling guilty pleasure .
, it is twice as bestial but half as funny .
, it is not enough to give the film the substance it so desperately needs .
derailed by a failure to seek and strike just the right tone
never less than pure wankery .
A movie more to be prescribed than recommended -- as visually bland as a dentist 's waiting room , complete with soothing Muzak and a cushion of predictable narrative rhythms .
never plays as dramatic even when dramatic things happen to people .
never recovers from the clumsy cliché of the ugly American abroad
's too long and unfocused
It 's difficult to conceive of anyone who has reached puberty actually finding the characters in Slackers or their antics amusing , let alone funny .
It 's depressing to see how far Herzog has fallen .
It 's dull , spiritless , silly and monotonous : an ultra-loud blast of pointless mayhem , going nowhere fast .
It 's difficult to imagine that a more confused , less interesting and more sloppily made film could possibly come down the road in 2002 .
It 's difficult to feel anything much while watching this movie , beyond mild disturbance or detached pleasure at the acting .
It 's exactly the kind of movie Toback 's detractors always accuse him of making .
Stealing Harvard is a horrible movie -- if only it were that grand a failure
non-firsthand experience
none of the happily-ever
gives a good performance in a film that does n't merit it
give a backbone to the company and provide an emotional edge to its ultimate demise
An unholy mess ,
An unholy mess , driven by the pathetic idea that if you shoot something on crummy-looking videotape , it must be labelled ` hip ' , ` innovative ' and ` realistic '
An unholy mess , driven by the pathetic idea that if you shoot something on crummy-looking videotape , it must be labelled ` hip ' , ` innovative ' and ` realistic ' .
An unremittingly ugly movie
An unremittingly ugly movie to look at , listen to , and think about
An unremittingly ugly movie to look at , listen to , and think about , it is quite possibly the sturdiest example yet of why the DV revolution has cheapened the artistry of making a film .
An unsophisticated
An unsophisticated sci-fi drama that takes itself all too seriously .
is its low-key way of tackling what seems like done-to-death material
vile enough . Do we really need the Tiger Beat version
depressing , ruthlessly pained and depraved
Just another disjointed ,
Just another disjointed , fairly predictable psychological thriller
that he can actually trick you into thinking some of this worn-out , pandering palaver is actually funny
not quite what it could have been as a film
not taking the Shakespeare parallels quite far enough
ultimately vapid
matter how many times he demonstrates that he 's a disloyal satyr
kicks that it ends up being surprisingly dull
Just a string of stale gags , with no good inside dope , and no particular bite .
is almost entirely witless and inane , carrying every gag two or three times beyond its limit to sustain a laugh .
is all that the airhead movie business deserves from him right now
is almost completely lacking in suspense , surprise and consistent emotional conviction .
is almost completely lacking in suspense , surprise and consistent emotional conviction
is almost entirely witless and inane , carrying every gag two or three times beyond its limit to sustain a laugh
is almost entirely witless and inane ,
We 've seen the hippie-turned-yuppie plot before ,
Shankman ... and screenwriter Karen Janszen bungle their way through the narrative as if it were a series of Bible parables and not an actual story .
in gross romanticization of the delusional personality type
Seagal appeared in an orange prison jumpsuit
nowheresville
now , told by Hollywood , and much more ordinary for it
nowhere fast
to speak about other than the fact that it is relatively short
to sloppy plotting
the suspense never rises to a higher level
( the kid 's ) just too bratty for sympathy , and as the film grows to its finale , his little changes ring hollow
to ponder how a whole segment of pop-music history has been allowed to get wet , fuzzy and sticky
to protect your community from the dullest science fiction
few movies explore religion that it 's disappointing to see one reduce it to an idea that fits in a sampler .
accept it as life and
left the theatre
less of Mr. Eyre 's uninspired dramatics
heavy on the atmospheric weirdness
the inspiration of the original and has a bloated plot that stretches the running time about 10 minutes past a child 's interest and an adult 's patience .
folks , it does n't work .
the horrifying historical reality
the histrionics reach a truly annoying pitch
the holes in the story and the somewhat predictable plot
the home video market
the horrible pains
the horizons of boredom to the point of collapse , turning into a black hole of dullness , from which no interesting concept can escape
the 1.2 million Palestinians
stifled by the very prevalence of the fast-forward technology that he so stringently takes to task
stiflingly
sticks , really , except a lingering creepiness one feels from being dragged through a sad , sordid universe of guns , drugs , avarice and damaged dreams .
stiff , ponderous and charmless
stiff wind to blow it uphill
stifled
stiflingly unfunny and unoriginal mess
tedious as the chatter of parrots raised on Oprah
tedious and turgid
tediously exasperating
halfhearted
yelling in your face for two hours
huge mess
hubristic folly
huge disappointment coming
yet another tired old vision
no matter how you spell it , it 's still a mistake to go see it .
no mistaking the fact that this hybrid misses the impact of the Disney classic , and even that of the excellent 1934 MGM version
but not especially compelling
but not great )
but not very Imaxy
but one relentlessly depressing situation after another for its entire running time
works so well for the first 89 minutes , but
ride around a pretty tattered old carousel
ride around a pretty tattered old carousel .
yet fail to capture its visual appeal or its atmosphere
perhaps more disturbing than originally intended --
yet fails to overcome the film 's manipulative sentimentality and annoying stereotypes .
decidedly mixed bag
decide what annoyed me most about God is Great
you wish you were at home watching that movie instead of in the theater watching this one
should be served an eviction notice at every theater stuck with it
both the glad-handing and
I may , I ca n't think of a single good reason to see this movie , even though everyone in my group extemporaneously shouted , ` Thank you
I mind ugly
, every idea in this film is flushed down the latrine of heroism .
, exactly , is fighting whom here ? Ah , yes , that would be me : fighting off the urge to doze
a promise nor a threat so much as wishful thinking
, erratic dramedy
, eventually the content is n't nearly as captivating as the rowdy participants think it is
as rude and profane
as rude and profane as ever ,
particularly unconnected
particularly joyless , and exceedingly dull , period
particularly toxic little bonbon
particularly joyless , and exceedingly dull
particularly joyless , and exceedingly dull ,
particularly joyless ,
particularly joyless , and
Not really a thriller so much as a movie for teens to laugh , groan and hiss at .
getting thrown in people 's faces to the fact Amber is such a joke
getting torn away from the compelling historical tale to a less-compelling soap opera
getting irritating
getting into too many pointless situations
getting the better of obnoxious adults
too dull to enjoy
does n't really believe in it , and breaks the mood with absurdly inappropriate ` comedy ' scenes .
causes of anti-Semitism ever seen on screen .
of a summer popcorn movie . Nothing too deep or substantial . Explosions , jokes , and sexual innuendoes abound
an aimlessness
Without a fresh infusion of creativity , 4Ever is neither a promise nor a threat so much as wishful thinking .
Without a fresh infusion of creativity
Without Shakespeare 's eloquent language , the update is dreary and sluggish .
Witless ,
Witless
Witless , pointless , tasteless and idiotic .
Witless , pointless , tasteless and idiotic
Thoroughly engrossing and ultimately tragic .
poorly acted
plenty to offend everyone
think that Jennifer Lopez has shown poor judgment in planning to marry Ben Affleck
Collateral Damage would have been just another bad movie . Now it 's a bad , embarrassing movie .
humanity 's greatest shame
trash-cinema
trash-cinema roots
reduced to direct-to-video irrelevancy
the road paved with good intentions leads to the video store ''
for Beginners
The Ya-Ya 's have many secrets and one is - the books are better .
Do n't even bother to rent this on video .
Big Fat Liar is little more than Home Alone raised to a new , self-deprecating level .
abbreviated in favor of mushy obviousness
Do n't even bother to rent this on video
a commodified , sold-out concept on the american filmmaking scene
a commodified , sold-out concept
Oedekerk wrote Patch Adams , for which he should not be forgiven . Why he was given free reign over this project -- he wrote , directed , starred and produced -- is beyond me .
too complex to be rapidly absorbed
I 'm sure the filmmakers found this a remarkable and novel concept , but anybody who has ever seen an independent film can report that it is instead a cheap cliché .
I 'm sure the filmmakers found this a remarkable and novel concept , but anybody who has ever seen an independent film can report that it is instead a cheap cliché
its script is not
for the uninitiated plays better on video with the sound
for the teens ' deviant behaviour . Being latently gay and liking to read are hardly enough
being unoriginal , unfunny and unrecommendable
stock footage
stock clichés
Passion , lip-synching , tragedy , and lots of really really high notes
Patch Adams , for which he should not be forgiven
the fate of hundreds of thousands of Chinese , one which can only qualify as a terrible tragedy
the fear that parents have for the possible futures of their children
any MTV puffery
of a creaky `` Pretty Woman '' retread , with the emphasis on self-empowering schmaltz and big-wave surfing that gives pic its title an afterthought
well . The problem
shocked to discover that Seinfeld 's real life is boring
the film 's drumbeat about authenticity , given the stale plot and pornographic way the film revels in swank apartments , clothes and parties
ugly to look at and not a Hollywood product
Ear-splitting exercise in formula crash-and-bash action .
Ear-splitting
Each story is built on a potentially interesting idea , but the first two are ruined by amateurish writing and acting , while the third feels limited by its short running time .
Each story is built on a potentially interesting idea , but the first two are ruined by amateurish writing and acting , while the third feels limited by its short running time
Filmmaker Stacy Peralta has a flashy editing style that does n't always jell with Sean Penn 's monotone narration , but
you 're almost dozing
his clamorous approach
his cipherlike personality and bad behavior would play fine if the movie knew what to do with him
who can relate to the search for inner peace by dramatically depicting the lives of others onstage
style over character and substance
style-free
feeling this movie until it veered off too far into the exxon zone , and left me behind at the station looking for a return ticket to realism
empty theatres
emotionally belittle a cinema classic .
feels less like a change in ( herzog 's ) personal policy than a half-hearted fluke
feels less like a change in ( herzog 's ) personal policy
most plain
that they lack the skills to get us to this undetermined destination
that there 's no other reason why anyone should bother remembering it
that the uninitiated may find hard to follow , or care about
is seriously compromised by that
is schematic and obvious .
how ridiculous and money-oriented
train wreck
turned them into a 90-minute movie that feels five hours long
turning in his grave , along with my stomach
turning Leys ' fable into a listless climb down the social ladder
turns into a film wreck
turns hurting each other
turns numbingly dull-witted and disquietingly creepy
turns into an elegiacally soggy Saving Private Ryanovich
will change titles or distributors again before the closing credits roll
hollowness
In this poor remake of such a well loved classic , Parker exposes the limitations of his skill and the basic flaws in his vision . '
action clichés
Indecent
acting like an 8-year-old channeling Roberto Benigni
would be barely enough to sustain an interstitial program on the Discovery Channel
would be disingenuous to call Reno a great film
would be me : fighting off the urge to doze .
would be rendered tedious by Avary 's failure to construct a story with even a trace of dramatic interest .
would be rendered tedious by Avary 's failure to construct a story with even a trace of dramatic interest
masochism
masochism ?
match the muddled narrative
bratty for sympathy , and
's all surface psychodramatics
's all gratuitous before long , as if Schwentke were fulfilling a gross-out quota for an anticipated audience demographic instead of shaping the material to fit the story .
's all gratuitous before long , as if Schwentke were fulfilling a gross-out quota for an anticipated audience demographic instead of shaping the material to fit the story
's all surprisingly predictable .
's all surprisingly predictable
no character ,
when you wish that the movie had worked a little harder to conceal its contrivances
A markedly inactive film , City
A markedly inactive film ,
noise , mayhem and stupidity
noir veil
no-surprise
no-surprise series
no wit , only
no wit , only labored gags
and Two Smoking Barrels
and a terrible story
a disappointment
successful at faking some pretty cool stunts but a complete failure at trying to create some pretty cool characters
hideousness
molestation
moldering pile
moldering
is simply too ludicrous and borderline insulting .
a lot less sensational
avoid this like the dreaded King Brown snake
a lot better if it were , well , more adventurous
a long soap opera
a long time that made me want to bolt the theater in the first 10 minutes
avoid the Godzilla
Kapur modernizes A.E.W. Mason 's story to suit the sensibilities of a young American , a decision that plucks `` The Four Feathers '' bare .
is significantly less charming than listening to a four-year-old with a taste for exaggeration recount his Halloween trip to the Haunted House .
crudity
crudeness
crude film
crude storyline
crude and unrelentingly exploitative
simple , sometimes maddeningly slow film
times when A Rumor of Angels plays like an extended episode of Touched by an Angel -- a little too much dancing , a few too many weeping scenes --
is about as exciting as gazing at an egg timer for 93 minutes
why either is impossible --
waste their time
waste their time on it
wasted in it
Very special effects , brilliantly bold colors and heightened reality ca n't hide the giant Achilles ' heel in '' Stuart Little 2 ''
shows may put you off the idea forever .
doltish and
doltish and uneventful
doltish
done , so primitive in technique ,
done , so primitive in technique , that it ca n't really be called animation
done , so primitive in technique
with elements which prove the direct antithesis of what it gets right
ai n't what it used to be .
aiming for , it certainly got lost in the '' soon-to-be-forgettable '' section of the quirky rip-off prison romp pile . It 's petty thievery
aimlessly
aiming for , it certainly got lost in the '' soon-to-be-forgettable '' section of the quirky rip-off prison romp pile . It 's petty thievery like this that puts flimsy flicks like this behind bars
a black hole of dullness
a black hole
the final result makes for adequate entertainment , i suppose
less ambitious
less charming than listening to a four-year-old
So routine , familiar and predictable
So few movies explore religion that it 's disappointing to see one reduce it to an idea that fits in a sampler .
So lazy and slipshod
less enjoyable
shoddy
shockingly bad and absolutely unnecessary
shockingly bad and
shockingly bad
shoot themselves in the feet with cop flick cliches like an oily arms dealer , squad car pile-ups and the requisite screaming captain
shoot themselves
shoot a lot of bullets . Some of the characters die and others do n't , and the film pretends that those living have learned some sort of lesson
shoddy product
Parker exposes the limitations of his skill and the basic flaws in his vision . '
Paul Bettany is good at being the ultra-violent gangster wannabe , but the movie is certainly not number 1 .
expects something special but instead gets ( sci-fi ) rehash .
expects something special but instead gets ( sci-fi ) rehash
expects something special but
experience I 've had since '' Ca n't Stop The Music . '' It may as well be called '' Jar-Jar Binks : The Movie . '' It 's that painful
dreck disguised as comedy
dreary rip-off
dreary weather
tedious sex farce
Much of the cast is stiff or just plain bad .
think is supposed to be an attempt at hardass American but sometimes just lapses into unhidden British
a ragbag of cliches .
fairly ludicrous plot
built on the premise that middle-class Arkansas consists of monster truck-loving good ol' boys and peroxide blond honeys whose worldly knowledge comes from TV reruns and supermarket tabloids
built on the premise that middle-class Arkansas consists of monster truck-loving good ol' boys and peroxide blond honeys whose worldly knowledge comes from TV reruns and supermarket tabloids .
rot and hack
I 'm not sure which half of Dragonfly is worse : The part where nothing 's happening , or the part where something 's happening , but it 's stupid .
I 'm not sure which half of Dragonfly is worse : The part where nothing 's happening , or the part where something 's happening , but it 's stupid
I 'm sure the filmmaker would disagree
It 's not a motion picture ; it 's an utterly static picture .
It 's not a motion picture ; it 's an utterly static picture
It 's not life-affirming -- its vulgar and mean , but
It 's not life-affirming -- its vulgar and mean ,
It 's not life-affirming -- its vulgar and mean
If Divine Secrets of the Ya-Ya Sisterhood suffers from a ploddingly melodramatic structure , it comes to life in the performances .
If Divine Secrets of the Ya-Ya Sisterhood suffers from a ploddingly melodramatic structure
, My Sweet has so many flaws it would be easy for critics to shred it .
, Ms. Shreve 's novel proved too difficult a text to ` lick , ' despite the efforts of a first-rate cast .
, Mr. Shyamalan is undone by his pretensions .
, Norton has to recite bland police procedural details , Fiennes wanders around in an attempt to seem weird and distanced ,
lacks balance ... and fails to put the struggle into meaningful historical context .
doze off for a few minutes or make several runs to the concession stand and\/or restroom and not feel as if he or she has missed anything
doze off for a few minutes or
and it 's directed by ... Neil LaBute . Hmm .
doze off for a few minutes
down to whether you can tolerate Leon Barlow
fake stimulation
falls somewhat short
false sentiment or sharp , overmanipulative Hollywood practices
fake documentary
lacks spark , with Csokas particularly unconnected .
never quite delivers the original magic
you 're watching an iceberg melt -- only
you 've got a huge mess
He 's the con
lackluster thriller ''
lacks both thrills and humor
It 's played in the most straight-faced fashion , with little humor to lighten things up .
It 's painful to watch Witherspoon 's talents wasting away inside unnecessary films like Legally Blonde and Sweet Home Abomination , I mean , Alabama . '
It 's push-the-limits teen comedy , the type written by people who ca n't come up with legitimate funny
It 's played in the most straight-faced fashion , with little humor to lighten things up . The heavy-handed film is almost laughable as a consequence .
It 's push-the-limits teen comedy , the type written by people who ca n't come up with legitimate funny , and
It 's push-the-limits teen comedy , the type written by people who ca n't come up with legitimate funny ,
It 's push-the-limits teen comedy , the type written by people who ca n't come up with legitimate funny , and it 's used so extensively that good bits are hopelessly overshadowed .
It 's push-the-limits teen comedy , the type written by people who ca n't come up with legitimate funny , and it 's used so extensively that good bits are hopelessly overshadowed
It 's really yet another anemic and formulaic Lethal Weapon-derived buddy-cop movie , trying to pass off its lack of imagination as hip knowingness .
is to see two Academy Award winning actresses ( and one Academy Award winning actor ) succumb to appearing in this junk that 's TV sitcom material at best
something 's just a little off-kilter
was so uninspiring that even a story immersed in love , lust , and sin could n't keep my attention .
was worse .
was worse . ''
bombastic self-glorification
lacking the slightest bit
the usual thriller nonsense
impossible to claim that it is `` Based on a True Story '' with a straight face
impossible to claim that it is `` Based on a True Story ''
impossible to claim that it is `` Based on a True Story
implodes in a series of very bad special effects .
impudent
a Scrooge or two
a Wonderful Life marathons and bored
the subject matter that ultimately defeated the film ... It was the unfulfilling , incongruous , `` wait a second
a ` direct-to-video ' release
a \*\* holes
is just another unoriginal run of the mill sci-fi film with a flimsy ending and lots of hype
is just an overexposed waste of film
is just a little bit hard to love .
is just a little bit hard to love
is just a corny examination of a young actress trying to find her way .
is just a corny examination of a young actress trying to find her way
is just SOOOOO tired . Pair that with really poor comedic writing
is just as boring and as obvious
is just another unoriginal run of the mill sci-fi film with a flimsy ending and lots of hype .
who do n't object to the description '' unelected '' have suspected all along : George W . Bush
who died a matter of weeks before the movie 's release
's something fundamental missing from this story :
were paying dues for good books unread
same premise
same teenage American road-trip drek
may not , strictly speaking , qualify as revolutionary
worry about what classic Oliver Parker intends to mangle next time
Plotless collection
Plotless collection of moronic stunts
, as usual ,
, and you 'll be taking a risk if you choose to see it .
, and no desire
that never quite gel
was probably more fun to make than it is to sit through
that never quite equals the sum of its pretensions .
Romething 's really wrong with this ricture !
marks to take on any life of its own
mas não convence . É um passatempo descompromissado
in thick clouds of denial
opening the man 's head and heart is the only imaginable reason for the film to be made
take on loss and loneliness
most excruciating 86 minutes one
most excruciating 86 minutes
most excruciating
most effective if used as a tool to rally anti-Catholic protestors
most devastating flaw
most frantic , virulent and foul-natured
depressing to see how far Herzog has fallen
It 's not as awful as some of the recent Hollywood trip tripe ... but it 's far from a groundbreaking endeavor
a dumb , distracted audience
comes with the laziness and arrogance of a thing that already knows it 's won .
comes off as self-parody .
comes off like a rejected ABC Afterschool Special , freshened up by the dunce of a Screenwriting 101 class .
that my fingernails instinctively crawled towards my long-suffering eyeballs
that misfires
It 's not original ,
It 's not original
an unhappy , repressed and twisted personal life
an unhappy , repressed and twisted personal life their tormentor deserved . These people
an unhappy , repressed and twisted personal life their tormentor deserved .
bogus as most Disney live action
bogs down in a mess of purposeless violence .
overshadowed
over saucer-eyed , downy-cheeked moppets and their empathetic caretakers
bogs down in a mess of purposeless violence
term an '' ambitious failure
terminally depressed
terminally depressed ,
terminally depressed , mostly inarticulate
terminally depressed , mostly inarticulate ,
terminally depressed , mostly inarticulate , hyper
terminally depressed , mostly inarticulate , hyper dysfunctional families
bogged down by idiocy
the anarchist maxim that ` the urge to destroy is also a creative urge '
While the frequent allusions to gurus and doshas will strike some Westerners as verging on mumbo-jumbo
becoming a postmodern joke
it might be like trying to eat Brussels sprouts
it needs
upsetting glimpse
upside down , first by passion and
is a slapdash mess
liberal doses
are so unmemorable , despite several attempts at lengthy dialogue scenes , that one eventually resents having to inhale this gutter romancer 's secondhand material .
are so unmemorable , despite several attempts at lengthy dialogue scenes , that one eventually resents having to inhale this gutter romancer 's secondhand material
are so unmemorable , despite several attempts at lengthy dialogue scenes ,
are so unmemorable
are so stylized as to be drained of human emotion .
are so stylized as to be drained of human emotion
are still looking for a common through-line
is also somewhat shallow and art-conscious
is amiss in the world .
offers nothing
wilt .
will you feel after an 88-minute rip-off of The Rock with action confined to slo-mo gun firing and random glass-shattering ?
will you feel after an 88-minute rip-off of The Rock with action confined to slo-mo gun firing and random glass-shattering ? ''
It 's rare to see a movie that takes such a speedy swan dive from `` promising '' to `` interesting '' to `` familiar '' before landing squarely on `` stupid '' .
like many before his , makes for snappy prose but a stumblebum of a movie .
goes for sick and demented humor simply
all the substance of a Twinkie -- easy to swallow , but scarcely nourishing
of a war zone
suspect that you 'll be as bored watching Morvern Callar as the characters are in it
is tedious though Ford and Neeson capably hold our interest , but its just not a thrilling movie
is tedious though Ford and Neeson capably hold our interest , but its just not a thrilling movie .
is tepid and tedious .
drifts aimlessly for 90 minutes before lodging in the cracks of that ever-growing category
's hard to figure the depth of these two literary figures , and even the times in which they lived .
Ballistic : Ecks vs. Sever is a dumb action movie .
Ballistic : Ecks Vs. Sever also features terrible , banal dialogue ; convenient , hole-ridden plotting ; superficial characters and a rather dull , unimaginative car chase .
Bad '' is the operative word for `` Bad Company
Bad company .
Bad movie .
class bores
classic moral-condundrum drama : What would you have done to survive ?
the fact that the film idiotically uses the website feardotcom . com or the improperly hammy performance from poor Stephen Rea
the feeling of having been slimed in the name of High Art
the sick sense
There 's no palpable chemistry between Lopez and male lead Ralph Fiennes , plus the script by Working Girl scribe Kevin Wade is workmanlike in the extreme .
a poster movie , a mediocre tribute to films like Them
a porno flick ( but none of the sheer lust )
a possible Argentine American Beauty reeks
... unbearably lame .
... this story gets sillier , not scarier , as it goes along ...
remember the last time I saw a movie where I wanted so badly for the protagonist to fail
... the maudlin way its story unfolds suggests a director fighting against the urge to sensationalize his material .
... the good and different idea ( of middle-aged romance ) is not handled well and , except for the fine star performances , there is little else to recommend `` Never Again . ''
from a ploddingly melodramatic structure
There 's no palpable chemistry between Lopez and male lead Ralph Fiennes
The movie is a desperate miscalculation . It gives poor Dana Carvey nothing to do that is really funny , and then expects us to laugh because he acts so goofy all the time .
work as shallow entertainment , not remotely incisive enough to qualify as drama , Monsoon
even after 90 minutes of playing opposite each other Bullock and Grant still look ill at ease sharing the same scene .
even Steven Spielberg has dreamed up such blatant and sickening product placement in a movie .
even a plot
even Jason X ... look positively Shakesperean by comparison
even Elizabeth Hurley seem graceless and ugly
even Felinni would know what to make of this Italian freakshow
even after 90 minutes of playing opposite each other Bullock and Grant still look ill at ease sharing the same scene . What should have been a painless time-killer becomes instead a grating endurance test .
a good case while failing to provide a reason for us to care beyond the very basic dictums of human decency
seem like mere splashing around in the muck
seem irritatingly transparent
seem motivated by nothing short of dull , brain-deadening hangover
seem more like medicine
seem repetitive and designed to fill time , providing no real sense of suspense
seem one-dimensional
downright creepy
he wanted to define his career with but Pinocchio . It might as well have been Problem Child IV
for a movie that tries to be smart , it 's kinda dumb . And second , what 's with all the shooting ?
Most of the movie is so deadly dull that watching the proverbial paint dry would be a welcome improvement .
Most of the information has already appeared in one forum or another and , no matter how Broomfield dresses it up , it tends to speculation , conspiracy theories or , at best , circumstantial evidence .
AIDS
ABC Kiarostami . For AIDS and Africa are nothing more than part of the scenery
AIDS and Africa
Stone seems to have a knack for wrapping the theater in a cold blanket of urban desperation .
A painfully slow cliche-ridden film filled with more holes than Clyde Barrow 's car .
Stonehenge . Before long , you 're desperate for the evening to end
A muddy psychological thriller rife with miscalculations . It makes me say the obvious : Abandon all hope of a good movie ye who enter here
A painfully slow cliche-ridden film
A negligible British comedy .
A nearly 21\/2 hours , the film is way too indulgent .
very , very slow . It 's not the ultimate Depression-era gangster movie . That 's pure PR hype
very bad feeling
very bad special effects
very bad sign
's uninteresting .
's unnerving to see Recoing 's bizzarre reaction to his unemployment
's too long and unfocused .
's too slowly paced to be a thriller
's too harsh
's too harsh to work as a piece of storytelling
damn unpleasant
damned .
does not have , beginning with the minor omission of a screenplay
does no justice to the story itself .
does such an excellent job of critiquing itself at every faltering half-step of its development that criticizing feels more like commiserating .
The film equivalent of a toy chest whose contents get scattered over the course of 80 minutes .
growing , moldering pile
grow impatient
groupies out there ? It 's dark and tragic
grotesque and
grotesque narcissism
grotesque and boring
of strung-together moments
of static set ups , not much camera movement , and most of the scenes
of story and his juvenile camera movements
of strung-together TV episodes
make them less interesting than they already are
for the wan , thinly sketched story
for the viewer to doze off for a few minutes or make several runs to the concession stand and\/or restroom and not feel as if he or she has missed anything
for the tube
made , but does n't generate a lot of tension
afraid to pitch into farce , yet only half-hearted in its spy mechanics , all the queen 's men
afraid to pitch into farce , yet only half-hearted in its spy mechanics ,
afraid to pitch into farce , yet only half-hearted in its spy mechanics , all the queen 's men is finally just one long drag .
afraid to pitch into farce , yet only half-hearted in its spy mechanics , all the queen 's men is finally just one long drag
afraid to pitch into farce , yet only half-hearted in its spy mechanics
afraid you wo n't get through this frankly fantastical by-the-numbers b-flick with just a suspension of disbelief . rather
These people
becomes a sermon for most of its running time
headed down the toilet with the ferocity of a frozen burrito after an all-night tequila bender
Hell House ,
it 's not scary in the slightest
it 's not scary in the slightest .
until its absurd , contrived , overblown , and entirely implausible finale
untalented artistes who enjoy moaning about their cruel fate
until a few days before she dies . This is absolutely and completely ridiculous
unshapely look
unsuccessfully
Hell Houses in particular
the young woman 's infirmity and her naive dreams
know something terrible is going to happen . But when it does , you 're entirely unprepared
its hackneyed and meanspirited storyline
its hackneyed and meanspirited storyline with cardboard characters and performers
its fusty squareness
its hackneyed and meanspirited storyline with cardboard characters and performers who
` Moore is like a progressive bull in a china shop , a provocateur crashing into ideas and special-interest groups as he slaps together his own brand of liberalism . '
dark soul
darkness
to Be One of Us may be the most tuneless tune
incredibly dated and unfunny
increasingly diverse
increasingly far-fetched events
increasingly far-fetched
talk up what is nothing more than two guys beating the hell outta
seemed wasted like DeNiro 's once promising career and the once grand Long Beach boardwalk
written and directed by people who could n't pass an entrance exam
written ... in the thrall of a vicious hangover
written by teenagers
written by people who ca n't come up with legitimate funny
written off as indie film naturalism
written off
bubbly romantic comedy becomes a cliche-drenched melodrama by mid-film and , by film 's end , a feminist action fantasy .
of a summer-camp talent show : hastily written
of a shameless '70s blaxploitation shuck-and-jive sitcom
of a so-called ` comedy ' and not laugh
It sucked .
outweigh the positives
outdated swagger
outnumber the hits by three-to-one .
avoid ridiculous schlock like this shoddy suspense thriller
show more of the dilemma , rather than have his characters stage shouting
resolutely downbeat
be as bad as its trailers ?
be as bad as its trailers ? In a word -- yes
filled with shootings , beatings , and more cussing than you could shake a stick at
if each watered down the version of the one before
preferred a transfer down the hall to Mr. Holland 's class for the music , or to Robin Williams 's lecture
that it ends up being surprisingly dull
that it comes across rather too plainly as allegory
that it defeats his larger purpose
that it chokes the energy right out of the very audience it seeks to frighten
you might think he was running for office -- or trying to win over a probation officer
the needs of moviegoers for real characters and compelling plots
the new film is a lame kiddie flick
the new film is a subzero version of Monsters , Inc . , without the latter 's imagination , visual charm or texture .
capably hold our interest , but its just not a thrilling movie
capped with pointless extremes
Old
had family trauma
had a week ago that wo n't go away
the discomfort and embarrassment
the discomfort and embarrassment of being a bumbling American in Europe
increasing decrepitude
inconsistent
Although made on a shoestring and unevenly acted , conjures a Lynch-like vision of the rotting underbelly of Middle America .
Although some viewers will not be able to stomach so much tongue-in-cheek weirdness
that successfully crushes a best selling novel into a timeframe that mandates that you avoid the Godzilla
that stretches the running time about 10 minutes
that somehow manages to bring together Kevin Pollak , former wrestler Chyna and Dolly Parton
that sequels can never capture the magic of the original
is long on narrative and ( too ) short on action .
is lost , leaving the character of Critical Jim two-dimensional and pointless
is lost , leaving the character of Critical Jim two-dimensional and pointless .
is many things -- stoner midnight flick , sci-fi deconstruction , gay fantasia --
film wreck
justify his exercise
eventually the content is n't nearly as captivating as the rowdy participants think it is
eventually slugs the Yankee . Too bad the former Murphy Brown does n't pop Reese back .
even worse than its title
eventually becomes too heavy for the plot .
makes you itch
male hooker
like a parody of the mellow , peace-and-love side of the '60s counterculture
the point of suffocation
like a non-stop cry for attention
like a low-budget hybrid of Scarface or Carlito 's Way
like a low-budget TV pilot that could not find a buyer to play it on the tube
A thriller without thrills and a mystery devoid
A thriller without thrills and a mystery devoid of urgent questions
that they are actually releasing it into theaters
that things fall apart
It 's quite diverting nonsense .
like explosions , sadism and seeing people beat each other to a pulp
like being stuck in a dark pit having a nightmare about bad cinema
like being trapped while some weird relative trots out the video he took of the family vacation to Stonehenge . Before long , you 're desperate for the evening to end
like bad cinema
like cold porridge with only the odd enjoyably chewy lump
like done-to-death material
there is plenty of room for editing ,
often lethally dull
often heartbreaking
arbitrarily plotted
begging for mercy
befuddlement
the artsy and often pointless visuals
to imagine that a more confused , less interesting and more sloppily made film could possibly come down the road in 2002
to hold onto what 's left of his passe ' chopsocky glory
to imagine another director ever making his wife look so bad in a major movie
What was once original has been co-opted so frequently that it now seems pedestrian .
What the director can & # 8217 ; t do is make either of Val Kilmer & # 8217 ; s two personas interesting or worth caring about .
Full of flatulence jokes and mild sexual references , Kung Pow ! is the kind of movie that 's critic-proof , simply because it aims so low .
Full of witless
Fuhrman 's destructive escapism
Full of flatulence jokes and mild sexual references , Kung Pow !
there is precious little of either .
that annoying specimen
the dubious distinction of being a really bad imitation of the really bad Blair Witch Project
the dreaded King Brown snake . Personally
could n't keep my attention
could pass for a thirteen-year-old 's book report on the totalitarian themes of 1984 and Farenheit 451
spectacular belly flops
emptiness and
employs an accent that I think is supposed to be an attempt at hardass American but sometimes just lapses into unhidden British .
empowerment tale thinly
emphasizes the Q in Quirky , with mixed results .
emphasizing the disappointingly generic nature of the entire effort
be tried as a war criminal
be underestimated
phone in his performance as fax it . No , even that 's too committed . He gets his secretary to fax it
phoney-feeling
phony humility
phoney-feeling sentiment
phony baloney movie biz
phony humility barely camouflaging grotesque narcissism
'm not sure which is worse : the poor acting by the ensemble cast , the flat dialogue by Vincent R. Nebrida or the gutless direction by Laurice Guillen .
'm not sure which is worse : the poor acting by the ensemble cast , the flat dialogue by Vincent R. Nebrida or the gutless direction by Laurice Guillen
metaphors to choke a horse -- or at least slow him down to a canter
microwaves dull leftover romantic motifs basted in faux-contemporary gravy
microwaves dull leftover romantic motifs basted in faux-contemporary gravy .
\/ But Daphne , you 're too Buff \/ Fred thinks he 's tough \/ And Velma - wow , you 've lost weight !
, right-wing , propriety-obsessed family .
suggests nothing
Bola
There 's a reason the studio did n't offer an advance screening . '' The Adventures of Pluto Nash '' is a big time stinker .
There 's a reason why halftime is only fifteen minutes long .
bumpy
tumbleweeds blowing through the empty theatres
their lack of chemistry
reasonably creative eighth-grader
that not only would subtlety be lost on the target audience ,
its audience in two separate groups , those reaching for more tissues and those begging for mercy
they 've watched nothing but a pale imitation of the real deal
, hire a real director and good writers for the next installment , please .
, here the comedian hides behind obviously constructed routines .
, he might have been tempted to change his landmark poem to , ` Do Not Go Gentle Into That Good Theatre . '
, headbangingly noisy .
, he took three minutes of dialogue , 30 seconds of plot and turned them into a 90-minute movie that feels five hours long
, heartrending look at the divide between religious fundamentalists and their gay relatives . It 's also heavy-handed and devotes too much time to bigoted views .
, her movie is really bad .
, her creepy Egyptian demigod voice is as computer processed and overproduced as it was in her music .
be in wedgie heaven . Anyone else who may , for whatever reason , be thinking about going to see this movie is hereby given fair warning
be hard pressed to think of a film more cloyingly sappy than Evelyn this year
be hard pressed to succumb to the call of the wild
be hard put to find a movie character more unattractive or odorous ( than Leon )
be in a contest to see who can out-bad-act the other .
business notable largely for its overwhelming creepiness , for an eagerness to create images you wish you had n't seen
merely serves up a predictable , maudlin story that swipes heavily from Bambi and The Lion King , yet
unless you 're an absolute raving Star Wars junkie
lengthy jail sentence
Aggressive self-glorification and a manipulative whitewash . Stay for the credits and see a devastating comic impersonation by Dustin Hoffman that is revelatory
Aggressive self-glorification and a manipulative whitewash . Stay for the credits and see a devastating comic impersonation by Dustin Hoffman that is revelatory .
of racism , revenge and retribution .
A visually flashy but narratively opaque and emotionally vapid
A visually flashy but narratively opaque and emotionally vapid exercise in style and mystification .
A ragbag of cliches
A puzzle whose pieces do not fit . Some are fascinating and others are not , and
never overcomes its questionable satirical ambivalence
never pushes for insights beyond the superficial tensions of the dynamic he 's dissecting
never manages to take us to that elusive , lovely place where we suspend our disbelief
never quite gel
never quite ignites .
never quite achieves the feel of a fanciful motion picture .
never quite adds up
shreds the fabric of the film
but dull and ankle-deep ` epic
but dull and ankle-deep
but filmmaker Yvan Attal quickly writes himself into a corner
but fails to keep it up and settles into clichés
but extremely silly piece
depraved
but intellectually stultifying
so poorly plotted and scripted .
but here the choices are as contrived and artificial as Kerrigan 's platinum-blonde hair
dumbed-down
dull
due to the endlessly repetitive scenes of embarrassment
glaring triteness
All three descriptions suit Evelyn , a besotted and obvious drama that tells us nothing new .
All the small moments and flashbacks do n't add up to much more than trite observations on the human condition .
The fight scenes are fun , but it grows tedious
isolated
issue a moratorium , effective immediately , on treacly films about inspirational prep-school professors and the children they so heartwarmingly motivate
just becomes sad
dark-as-pitch
mostly tired
your mouth full of rotten pulp and living worms
the queasy-stomached critic who staggered from the theater and blacked out in the lobby
rambling
rambling examination
A droll ,
A droll , bitchy frolic which pokes fun at the price of popularity and small-town pretension in the Lone Star State
A droll , bitchy frolic which pokes fun at the price of popularity and small-town pretension in the Lone Star State .
that says that the alternate sexuality meant to set you free may require so much relationship maintenance that celibacy can start looking good
that shoplifts shamelessly from farewell-to-innocence movies like The Wanderers and A Bronx Tale without cribbing any of their intelligence
that serve no other purpose than to call attention to themselves
that should be the target of something deeper and more engaging . Oh , and more entertaining , too
single-minded as John Carpenter 's original
oo many of these gross out scenes
moodiness
` Frailty '' starts out like a typical Bible killer story ,
its recycled aspects ,
its recycled aspects , implausibility
its recycled
its recycled aspects
made No Such Thing
made a film that 's barely shocking , barely interesting and most of all , barely anything
made a movie that is n't just offensive
must struggle with the fact that they 're playing characters who sometimes feel more like literary conceits than flesh-and-blood humans
must indeed be good to recite some of this laughable dialogue with a straight face
musty
trying simply to out-shock , out-outrage or out-depress its potential audience
disguise the emptiness
another platter of reheated Aliens
another studio horror franchise mucking up its storyline with glitches casual fans could correct in their sleep
antagonists
unexpected downer of an ending
unexpected downer
flirts with bathos and pathos and the further Oprahfication of the world as we know it
fling gags at it
unloading
done it this time . That chirpy songbird Britney Spears has popped up with more mindless drivel
grisly
has the power to deform families , then tear them apart
with phony imagery or music
the film tanks
hollow at its emotional core
holes punched through by an inconsistent , meandering , and sometimes dry plot
hole-ridden
hole-ridden plotting
runs for only 71 minutes and
tainted by cliches , painful improbability and murky points
the only belly laughs come from the selection of outtakes tacked onto the end credits
the only belly laughs come from the selection of outtakes
tainted
I would have liked it much more if Harry & Tonto never existed
often looks like an episode of the TV show Blind Date , only less technically proficient and without the pop-up comments .
same easy targets
same illogical things
same old crap
same old bad trip
myriad flaws
this harrowing journey into combat hell
my precious new star wars movie is a lumbering , wheezy drag
my only complaint
muted by the very people who are intended to make it shine
The two leads chomp considerably more scenery with their acting than fire-breathing monsters barbecue with their breath ...
by the incessant use of cell phones
by the sogginess of its contemporary characters , and actors
like a bottom-feeder sequel in the Escape From New York series
like a bunch of talented thesps slumming it
like a coming-of-age romance than an infomercial
Sex is one of those films that aims to confuse .
a difficult-to-swallow setting
a dirty , tasteless feel
a dirty old man
it 's a demented kitsch mess ( although the smeary digital video does match the muddled narrative ) ,
it 's a demented kitsch mess ( although the smeary digital video does match the muddled narrative )
it 's a demented kitsch mess ( although the smeary digital video does match the muddled narrative ) , but
has been co-opted so frequently that it now seems pedestrian
has been co-opted so frequently that it now seems pedestrian .
has been mass-murdering since 1978 but has never been seen doing laundry
has been lost in the translation to the screen
'' do n't care about the truth
'' it 's equally distasteful to watch him sing the lyrics to '' Tonight . ''
glacially paced , and often just plain dull
when lack of know-how mixes with lack of give-a-damn
an autopilot Hollywood concoction lacking in imagination and authentic Christmas spirit
spider web .
an autopilot Hollywood concoction
nauseatingly politically correct
with the illogic of Series 7
the old stuff
as spooky action-packed trash of the highest order
a little too much resonance with real world events
they border on being cartoonlike
of torture and self-mutilation
that they 've already seen this exact same movie a hundred times
these bromides
's drab
's definite room for improvement .
's dark and tragic , and lets the business of the greedy talent agents get in the way of saying something meaningful about facing death
mildly alarmed
they do n't really want to know
never rises above superficiality .
of purposeless violence
of puffery with a sour cliche and heavy doses of mean-spiritedness
of purely commercial motivation
of quirky traits lifted from a screenwriter 's outline and thrown at actors charged with the impossible task of making them jell
are painfully aware of their not-being
are puerile
sure to ultimately disappoint the action fans who will be moved to the edge of their seats by the dynamic first act
sure to ultimately disappoint the action fans
sure to ultimately disappoint the action
the worst possibilities of mankind
is pretty dicey material .
Half Past Dead -- or for Seagal
Hampered -- no , paralyzed -- by a self-indulgent script
Hampered -- no , paralyzed -- by a self-indulgent script ...
The first hour is tedious though Ford and Neeson capably hold our interest , but its just not a thrilling movie .
The first mistake
a film that is n't nearly as graphic but much more powerful , brutally shocking and difficult to watch
a film that comes along every day .
If you go into the theater expecting a scary , action-packed chiller , you might soon be looking for a sign .
A ` Girls Gone Wild ' video for the boho art-house crowd , The Burning Sensation
try to avoid
A ` Girls Gone Wild ' video for the boho art-house crowd , The Burning Sensation is n't a definitive counter-cultural document
A ` Girls Gone Wild ' video for the boho art-house crowd , The Burning Sensation is n't a definitive counter-cultural document --
has an ambition to say something about its subjects , but not a willingness .
casts mostly little-known performers in key roles
A ` Girls Gone Wild ' video
, the first half of Sorority Boys is as appalling as any ` comedy ' to ever spill from a projector 's lens
, the humor dwindles .
, the film of '' The Kid Stays in the Picture '' would be an abridged edition
, the film ratchets up the stirring soundtrack , throws in a fish-out-of-water gag and lets the cliched dialogue rip . Or else a doggie winks .
, the film suffers from a philosophical emptiness and maddeningly sedate pacing .
, the final effect is like having two guys yelling in your face for two hours .
... this otherwise appealing picture loses its soul to Screenwriting For Dummies conformity .
never succeed in really rattling the viewer
never rises above mediocrity
never settles into the light-footed enchantment the material needs
yell
the translation this time . The Importance of Being Earnest movie seems to be missing a great deal of the acerbic repartee of the play
the trifecta of badness
insipid , brutally clueless
what has happened already to so many silent movies , newsreels
What would Jesus do if He was a film director ? He 'd create a movie better than this .
plumbs uncharted depths of stupidity , incoherence and sub-sophomoric sexual banter
none of the crackle of `` Fatal Attraction '' , `` 9 1\/2 Weeks '' , or
none of the crackle of `` Fatal Attraction '' , `` 9 1\/2 Weeks '' , or even
none of the crackle of `` Fatal Attraction '' , `` 9 1\/2 Weeks '' , or even `` Indecent Proposal ''
none of the crackle of `` Fatal Attraction '' , `` 9 1\/2 Weeks '' , or even `` Indecent Proposal '' ,
none of the crackle of `` Fatal Attraction '' , `` 9 1\/2 Weeks '' ,
nonsensical story
with Sean Penn 's monotone narration
yell ` Safe
queasy
queasy infatuation and overall strangeness
What will , most likely , turn out to be the most repellent movie of 2002 .
rusted-out ruin
rushed , slapdash , sequel-for-the-sake - of-a-sequel
It 's been 20 years since 48 Hrs . made Eddie Murphy a movie star and the man has n't aged a day . But his showboating wise-cracker stock persona sure is getting old .
It 's been 20 years since 48 Hrs . made Eddie Murphy a movie star and the man has n't aged a day . But his showboating wise-cracker stock persona sure is getting old
It 's bedeviled by labored writing and slack direction .
It 's as sorry a mess as its director 's diabolical debut , Mad Cows .
It 's as if a bored Cage spent the duration of the film 's shooting schedule waiting to scream : '' Got AIDS yet ? ''
mediocre
mediocre one
the director 's epitaph for himself
rarely seem sure of where it should go
is more mindless love
is more mindless
gone more over-the-top instead of trying to have it both ways
is moldy and obvious .
is moldy and obvious
is missing from it all is a moral . What is the filmmakers ' point ? Why did they deem it necessary to document all this emotional misery
is missing from it all is a moral . What is the filmmakers ' point ?
is more ho-hum than ho-ho-ho
is more frustrating than a modem that disconnects every 10 seconds
is more boring or embarrassing
Nothing sticks , really , except a lingering creepiness one feels from being dragged through a sad , sordid universe of guns , drugs , avarice and damaged dreams .
suffocating and sometimes almost senseless
Nothing more than four or five mild chuckles surrounded by 86 minutes of overly-familiar and poorly-constructed comedy .
filmmaking that is plainly dull and visually ugly when it is n't incomprehensible
Nothing more than four or five mild chuckles
deadeningly drawn-out
ultra-low-budget
snowballs out of control
is amateurish
is the alchemical transmogrification of Wilde into Austen -- and a Hollywood-ized Austen at that
lame-old slasher nonsense
lapses into an insider 's lingo and mindset that the uninitiated may find hard to follow , or care about
lapses into an insider 's lingo and mindset that the uninitiated may find hard to follow , or care about .
is a rather toothless take on a hard young life
is a rather poor imitation
is a real danger less sophisticated audiences will mistake it for an endorsement of the very things that Bean abhors .
is a real danger less sophisticated audiences will mistake it for an endorsement of the very things that Bean abhors
is a poster movie , a mediocre tribute to films like Them !
is a poster movie , a mediocre tribute to films like Them
is a rambling and incoherent manifesto about the vagueness of topical excess
ca n't get any more gay , in pops Nathan Lane
is a riot . The movie is a dud
high crimes
has nothing fresh or very exciting
has nothing fresh or particularly interesting to say about them
has no sense of humor
has no idea of it is serious
has no atmosphere , no tension -- nothing but Costner , flailing away .
has nothing fresh or particularly interesting
has not learnt that storytelling is what the movies are about
has not a trace of humanity or empathy
has none of the visual wit of the previous pictures
Philip K . Dick must be turning in his grave , along with my stomach .
Philosophically , intellectually and logistically a mess .
called Best Bad Film You Thought Was Going To Be Really Awful
boring parade
boring and sad
boring and predictable
boring , wincingly cute and nauseatingly politically correct cartoon
boring , wincingly cute and nauseatingly politically correct
boring , wincingly cute and
boring , wincingly cute
boring slug
meets Friday the 13th by way of Clean and Sober , filmed on the set of Carpenter 's The Thing and loaded with actors you 're most likely to find on the next inevitable incarnation of The Love Boat
heaviest , most joyless movie
medium-grade network sitcom
melodrama and rough-hewn vanity project
melodrama and tiresome love triangles
To me , it sounds like a cruel deception carried out by men of marginal intelligence , with reactionary ideas about women and a total lack of empathy .
the rather simplistic filmmaking
Though Mama takes a bit too long to find its rhythm and a third-act plot development is somewhat melodramatic
The editing is chaotic , the photography grainy and badly focused , the writing unintentionally hilarious , the direction unfocused ,
The editing is chaotic , the photography grainy and badly focused , the writing unintentionally hilarious , the direction unfocused
The editing is chaotic , the photography grainy and badly focused , the writing unintentionally hilarious ,
The editing is chaotic , the photography grainy and badly focused , the writing unintentionally hilarious
The editing is chaotic , the photography grainy and badly focused , the writing unintentionally hilarious , the direction unfocused , the performances as wooden .
The editing is chaotic , the photography grainy and badly focused , the writing unintentionally hilarious , the direction unfocused , the performances as wooden
are stretched to the point of evaporation
are sunk by all the sanctimony
are so heavy-handed that they instead pummel the audience .
are so poorly thought-out and substance-free that even a high school senior taking his or her first psychology class could dismiss them
are sometimes inexpressive
has a kind of hard , cold effect
if it were an extended short
if it were a person , you 'd want to smash its face in
non-God spiritual-uplift movies
, but not compelling
, but not compelling .
of watching blobby old-school cgi animation in this superlarge format
of vulgar highlights
of view nor a compelling reason
slow-moving
easy to swallow , but scarcely nourishing
easy sanctimony , formulaic thrills and
easy to be bored by as your ABC 's
, has stopped challenging himself
impish divertissement
impish
imperfect , love-hate relationship
mindless
If you 're not fans of the adventues of Steve and Terri , you should avoid this like the dreaded King Brown snake .
If you 're not a fan , it might be like trying to eat Brussels sprouts .
A lousy movie that
A lousy movie
A mawkish , implausible platonic romance
A lousy movie that 's not merely unwatchable , but also unlistenable .
may not be exactly divine
A loud , low-budget and tired formula film that arrives cloaked in the euphemism ` urban drama . '
A loud , low-budget and tired formula film that arrives
may be his most demented film to date
may be little more than another platter of reheated Aliens
sadists
when human hatred spews forth unchecked
, empathy and pity fogging up the screen ... His Secret Life enters the land of unintentional melodrama and tiresome love triangles .
, empty sub-music video style
, dumb and derivative horror
, educational , but at other times as bland as a block of snow .
, dry
, dull procession
The movie is concocted and carried out by folks worthy of scorn ,
The movie is concocted and carried out by folks worthy of scorn
The movie is a little tired ; maybe the original inspiration has run its course
The movie is a little tired ;
The movie is a little tired
The movie is almost completely lacking in suspense , surprise and consistent emotional conviction .
The movie is about as humorous as watching your favorite pet get buried alive .
The movie is a negligible work of manipulation , an exploitation piece doing its usual worst to guilt-trip parents .
With a tighter editorial process and firmer direction this material could work , especially since the actresses in the lead roles are all more than competent , but as is , Personal Velocity seems to be idling in neutral
You 'll feel like you ate a Reeses without the peanut butter
With a '' Spy Kids '' sequel opening next week , why bother with a contemptible imitator starring a '' SNL '' has-been acting like an 8-year-old channeling Roberto Benigni ?
With a completely predictable plot , you 'll swear that you 've seen it all before , even if you 've never come within a mile of The Longest Yard .
Yet another iteration of what 's become one of the movies ' creepiest conventions , in which the developmentally disabled are portrayed with almost supernatural powers to humble , teach and ultimately redeem their mentally '' superior '' friends , family ...
get by on humor that is not even as daring as John Ritter 's glory days on Three 's Company
So muddled , repetitive and ragged that it says far less about the horrifying historical reality than about the filmmaker 's characteristic style .
So verbally flatfooted
get in FearDotCom is more like something from a bad Clive Barker movie .
Instead , it 'll only put you to sleep .
Instead , we just get messy anger , a movie as personal therapy .
the stalker does n't do much stalking
Instead of kicking off the intrigue and suspense and mystery of the whole thing , Hart 's War , like the St. Louis Rams in the Super Bowl , waits until after halftime to get started .
the staleness
, but it also does the absolute last thing we need Hollywood doing to us : It preaches .
the teen-exploitation playbook
A chilly , remote , emotionally distant piece ... so dull that its tagline should be : ` In space , no one can hear you snore . '
A chilly , remote , emotionally distant piece ... so dull that its tagline
Your nightmares , on the other hand ,
Your nightmares
miscast leads , banal dialogue
plays out like a flimsy excuse to give Blade fans another look at Wesley Snipes ' iconic hero doing battle with dozens of bad guys -- at once .
each watered down the version of the one before
Washington . It wo n't rock any boats
Warner Bros . giant Chuck Jones , who died a matter of weeks before the movie 's release
to make a film in which someone has to be hired to portray Richard Dawson
you do n't want to think too much about what 's going on
weak or careless performance
weakest
weaknesses
weariness
weak , manipulative , pencil-thin story
weak or careless
when the first few villians are introduced as '' spider '' and '' snake ''
that shrugging off the plot 's persnickety problems
that sometimes falls
that sometimes it 's difficult to tell who the other actors in the movie are
that stifles creativity and allows the film to drag on for nearly three hours
soulless
sorrowful lows
sorrowfully
That 's because relatively nothing happens .
That 's muy loco , but no more ridiculous than most of the rest of `` Dragonfly . ''
That 's its first sign of trouble .
That 's not vintage Spielberg and
That 's pure PR hype .
took three minutes of dialogue , 30 seconds of plot and turned them into a 90-minute movie that feels five hours long .
cheap
Pumpkin means to be an outrageous dark satire on fraternity life , but its ambitions far exceed the abilities of writer Adam Larson Broder and his co-director , Tony R. Abrams , in their feature debut .
The whole is quite entertaining , but despite its virtues , there is an unsettled feeling to the film
are too strange and dysfunctional
and forgettable
have to admit I walked out of Runteldat .
but very glum .
have nothing better to do with 94 minutes
have preferred a transfer down the hall to Mr. Holland 's class for the music , or to Robin Williams 's lecture so I could listen to a teacher with humor , passion , and verve
have to admit I walked out of Runteldat
have returned from the beyond to warn you
I heard a mysterious voice , and felt myself powerfully drawn toward the light -- the light of the exit sign
Despite the surface attractions
Halfway through , however , having sucked dry the undead action flick formula , Blade II mutates into a gross-out monster movie with effects that are more silly than scary .
Halfway through the movie , the humor dwindles . It 's replaced by some dramatic scenes that are jarring and deeply out of place in what could
Halfway through the movie , the humor dwindles .
well-written television series where you 've missed the first half-dozen episodes and probably wo n't see the next six .
Hallmark card sentimentality
Made me unintentionally famous -- as the queasy-stomached critic who staggered from the theater and blacked out in the lobby .
Made me unintentionally famous -- as the queasy-stomached critic who staggered from the theater and blacked out in the lobby
a very cliched drum at times
a troubled African-American 's quest to come to terms with his origins
lies a plot cobbled together from largely flat and uncreative moments
lies a plot cobbled together from largely flat and uncreative moments .
is the needlessly poor quality of its archival prints and film footage .
innovative , nor the story as imaginative
good intentions derailed by a failure to seek and strike just the right tone
some nice twists but the ending and some of the back-story is a little tired .
a strange kind of laziness
a strange kind of laziness to waste the talents of Robert Forster , Anne Meara , Eugene Levy , and Reginald VelJohnson all in the same movie
a mild headache
selfish , greedy characters
But how it washed out despite all of that is the project 's prime mystery .
while certainly clever in spots , this too-long , spoofy update of Shakespeare 's Macbeth does n't sustain a high enough level of invention .
is nothing but familiar territory .
is nothing more than an obsolete , if irritating , notion of class
is nothing but a sticky-sweet soap .
is nothing but familiar territory
is nothing but a sticky-sweet soap
is not the same thing as a good movie
smash 'em - up ,
self-regarding sentimentality
if high crimes were any more generic
idiots
if high crimes were any more generic it would have a universal product code instead of a title
None of this sounds promising and , indeed , the first half of Sorority Boys is as appalling as any ` comedy ' to ever spill from a projector 's lens
One well-timed explosion in a movie can be a knockout , but a hundred of them can be numbing .
with seriously dumb characters , which somewhat dilutes the pleasure of watching them
thinks it is and its comedy is generally mean-spirited
probably sounded brilliant four six-packs and a pitcher of margaritas in
irritating display
irrelevant
irk viewers
irresponsible Sandlerian
irreparable
for children , they wo n't enjoy the movie at all
for all its technical virtuosity , the film is so mired in juvenile and near-xenophobic pedagogy that it 's enough to make one pine for the day when godard can no longer handle the rigors of filmmaking .
not-nearly
not-so-bright mother and daughter
the stale plot and pornographic way
appears to have been lost in the translation this time . The Importance of Being Earnest movie seems to be missing a great deal of the acerbic repartee of the play .
appears to have been lost in the translation this time . The Importance of Being Earnest movie seems to be missing a great deal of the acerbic repartee of the play . ''
a Harrison Ford low
There are some fairly unsettling scenes , but
There are some fairly unsettling scenes , but they never succeed in really rattling the viewer
There are some fairly unsettling scenes , but they never succeed in really rattling the viewer .
There are some fairly unsettling scenes
There are some fairly unsettling scenes ,
devastated
devastated by war , famine and poverty and
disturbing hallucinations
very stylish but ultimately extremely silly tale
big damage
for the insipid script he has crafted with Harris Goldberg
disturbing questions
vainly
pulls it back
be an attempt at hardass American
be anything but frustrating , boring , and forgettable
all the bad things
is a rambling examination of American gun culture that uses his usual modus operandi of crucifixion through juxtaposition .
is a rambling examination of American gun culture that uses his usual modus operandi of crucifixion through juxtaposition
magnified versions of the ones that vex nearly everyone
makes a lick of sense
dreary mid-section
dreary piece
dreary and overwrought
dreary mess
dreary , humorless soap opera
too many
simple story
from ever reaching the comic heights it obviously desired
from developing any storytelling flow
the performances are so leaden , michael rymer 's direction is so bloodless and
exactly what it wants to be : an atrociously , mind-numbingly , indescribably bad movie .
evokes the bottom tier of blaxploitation flicks from the 1970s .
evokes the bottom tier of blaxploitation flicks from the 1970s
evokes the bottom tier of blaxploitation flicks
everything you 'd expect -- but nothing more
everything we hold dear about cinema , only now it 's begun to split up so that it can do even more damage
's no emotional pulse to Solaris
's no disguising this as one of the worst films of the summer .
's no plot in this Antonio Banderas-Lucy Liu faceoff
's no saving the movie
too ludicrous and
Solaris . With an emotional sterility to match its outer space setting
degrades its characters , its stars and its audience .
degrades its characters , its stars and its audience
degraded , handheld Blair Witch video-cam footage . Of all the Halloween 's , this is the most visually unappealing
degenerating into a pious , preachy soap opera
degenerating
deflated as he does
deflated
too many '' serious issues
a prostitute
is one of the year 's worst cinematic tragedies
bogus
bogus veneer
a half-hearted fluke
a haunted house ,
Is this progress ?
shows excess in business and pleasure , allowing us to find the small , human moments , and leaving off with a grand whimper .
It 's Pauly Shore awful .
Although the editing might have been tighter
SC2 is an autopilot Hollywood concoction lacking in imagination and authentic Christmas spirit , yet it 's geared toward an audience full of masters of both .
SC2 is an autopilot Hollywood concoction lacking in imagination and authentic Christmas spirit , yet it 's geared toward an audience full of masters of both
SC2 is an autopilot Hollywood concoction lacking in imagination and authentic Christmas spirit , yet
SC2 is an autopilot Hollywood concoction lacking in imagination and authentic Christmas spirit ,
SC2 is an autopilot Hollywood concoction lacking in imagination and authentic Christmas spirit
( Moore 's ) better at fingering problems than finding solutions .
less a documentary and more propaganda
length , awash in self-consciously flashy camera effects , droning house music and flat , flat dialogue
lends itself to easy jokes and insults
's as lumpy as two-day old porridge ... the filmmakers ' paws , sad to say , were all over this
offer audiences any way of gripping what its point is , or even its attitude toward its subject
A pleasant and engaging enough sit , but in trying to have the best of both worlds it ends up falling short as a whole .
the increasingly far-fetched events that first-time writer-director Neil Burger follows up with
the increasingly far-fetched events
A piece of mildly entertaining , inoffensive fluff that drifts aimlessly for 90 minutes before lodging in the cracks of that ever-growing category : unembarrassing but unmemorable .
A piece of mildly entertaining , inoffensive fluff that drifts aimlessly for 90 minutes before lodging in the cracks of that ever-growing category :
It preaches
It settles for being merely grim .
It offers little beyond the momentary joys of pretty and weightless intellectual entertainment .
one is poised for titillation , raw insight or both . Instead
is more interested in entertaining itself than in amusing us
is more a case of ` Sacre bleu ! ' than ` Magnifique ' .
is more interesting than the screenplay , which lags badly in the middle and lurches between not-very-funny comedy , unconvincing dramatics and some last-minute action strongly reminiscent of Run Lola Run .
is more interesting than the screenplay , which lags badly in the middle and lurches between not-very-funny comedy , unconvincing dramatics and some last-minute action strongly reminiscent of Run Lola Run
is more like something from a bad Clive Barker movie
verbally pretentious as the title may be
verbally flatfooted
how many times they can work the words `` radical '' or `` suck '' into a sentence
how low brow it is
how low brow
how long will filmmakers copy the `` Saving Private Ryan '' battle scenes before realizing Steven Spielberg got it right the first time
is make either of Val Kilmer 's two personas interesting or worth caring about .
haute
have been as dull a person as this film makes him out to be
have a 90-minute , four-star movie . as it is , it 's too long and unfocused
have been lost in the translation
denying the talent of the creative forces behind it
inhale this gutter romancer 's secondhand material
inherent absurdity
inhuman cinematic punishment
inject farcical raunch
inmates
your appetite for canned corn
Quite frankly , I ca n't see why any actor of talent would ever work in a McCulloch production again if they looked at how this movie turned out .
of genres that just does n't work
the desperate attempts
fails to engage us
fails
fairly self-aware in its dumbness
the ugly
false
the boozy self-indulgence
improbable
improbable as this premise may seem
flat scares and bad acting
and a bit ostentatious
and a third-act plot development is somewhat melodramatic
thrusts the inchoate but already eldritch Christian Right propaganda machine
thud
the cinematic equivalent of tabloid journalism
the chemistry or lack thereof between Newton and Wahlberg could turn an Imax theater into a 9 '' black and white portable TV .
the chemistry or lack thereof between Newton and Wahlberg could turn an Imax theater into a 9 '' black and white portable TV
the chemistry or lack thereof between Newton and Wahlberg
the chemistry or lack thereof
the charm or charisma that might keep a more general audience even vaguely interested in his bratty character
ca n't properly be called acting -- more accurately , it 's moving
ca n't even do that much . Each scene immediately succumbs to gravity and plummets to earth
ca n't even
ca n't help suspecting that it was improvised on a day-to-day basis during production .
ca n't help suspecting that it was improvised on a day-to-day basis during production
arrested
is why anybody picked it up .
arrive stillborn
is why Anthony Hopkins is in it .
girlish tear ducts does n't mean it 's good enough for our girls
the clumsy cliché of the ugly American
the clumsy cliché
the content is n't nearly as captivating as the rowdy participants think it is .
is worse : the poor acting by the ensemble cast , the flat dialogue by Vincent R. Nebrida or the gutless direction by Laurice Guillen
seems just a long , convoluted ploy to get men into drag --
not-so-small problem
the worst movies of the year ... Watching it
meaningless , vapid and devoid
expect any subtlety from this latest entry in the increasingly threadbare gross-out comedy cycle
expect more from this studio than some 79-minute after-school '' cartoon
to the scuzzy underbelly of NYC 's drug scene
seems less like he 's been burning to tell a war story than he 's been itching to somehow tack one together
two-dimensional characters who are anything but compelling
loathe him
loathing
loathing Robin Williams
hollow , self-indulgent
hollow , self-indulgent ,
hollow , self-indulgent , and
hollow , self-indulgent , and - worst of all -
hollow , self-indulgent , and - worst of all - boring
hollow mockumentary
hollow tribute
utter hooey
that never amount to a satisfying complete picture of this particular , anciently demanding métier
is such that the movie does not do them justice
being trapped at a perpetual frat party ... How can something so gross be so boring ?
All in all , The Count of Monte Cristo is okay , but
one strike against it
one strike
one relentlessly depressing situation after another for its entire running time
one of those vanity projects in which a renowned filmmaker attempts to show off his talent by surrounding himself with untalented people
one relentlessly depressing situation
wondering what all that jazz was about `` Chicago '' in 2002
wooden dialogue
work much better as a video installation in a museum , where viewers would be free to leave
of male-ridden angst
let 's see , a haunted house , a haunted ship , what 's next ... ghost blimp
lie
little attempt
little alien
it 's all pretty tame .
misguided acts of affection
misleading
missed an opportunity to strongly present some profound social commentary
's just plain awful but still
's its first sign of trouble
's just one that could easily wait for your pay per view dollar .
90 punitive minutes of eardrum-dicing gunplay , screeching-metal smashups , and flaccid odd-couple sniping
easily crush it forever
the worst special-effects creation of the year
90 punitive minutes of eardrum-dicing gunplay , screeching-metal smashups , and flaccid odd-couple sniping .
down on their working-class subjects
down the path of the mundane
dough from baby boomer families
down by hit-and-miss topical humour
doubting
sociopath
weak or
social injustice
unsatisfied
Anyone else who may , for whatever reason , be thinking about going to see this movie
Anyone else who may , for whatever reason , be thinking about going to see this movie is hereby given fair warning .
too boring and obvious
Any movie this boring should be required to have ushers in the theater that hand you a cup of coffee every few minutes .
Any rock pile will do for a set .
too bland to be interesting
Why ?
Borg
Why did they deem it necessary to document all this emotional misery ?
Why anyone who is not a character in this movie should care is beyond me .
There 's no disguising this as one of the worst films of the summer . Or for the year , for that matter .
There 's little to recommend Snow Dogs , unless one considers cliched dialogue and perverse escapism a source of high hilarity .
There 's got to be a more graceful way of portraying the devastation of this disease .
There 's no real reason to see it
There 's no energy
dim-witted and lazy
dim-witted and lazy spin-off
dim-witted pairing
digitally altered footage
dim-witted and
chaos
diminishing effect .
forgotten 10 minutes after the last trombone
forgotten 10 minutes
forgotten everything he ever knew about generating suspense
forgiven for realizing that you 've spent the past 20 minutes looking at your watch and waiting for Frida to just die already
forgot to include anything even halfway scary as they poorly rejigger Fatal Attraction into a high school setting .
forgot to include anything even halfway scary as they poorly rejigger Fatal Attraction into a high school setting
former Mr . Drew Barrymore
formal settings with motionless characters
a wickedly undramatic central theme
a wildly uneven hit-and-miss enterprise
results from adhering to the messiness of true stories
restate
The overall feel is not unlike watching a glorified episode of `` 7th Heaven . ''
would n't call The Good Girl a date movie ( an anti-date movie is more like it )
a worse
a worse sign
a worse sign when you begin to envy her condition
requires a taste for Swamp Thing-type animation , doubled with a deafening score
requires a taste for Swamp Thing-type animation , doubled with a deafening score .
Phoned-in business as usual .
Nonsensical , dull `` cyber-horror '' flick
Nonsensical , dull `` cyber-horror '' flick is a grim , hollow exercise in flat scares and bad acting .
I Spy is an embarrassment , a monotonous , disjointed jumble of borrowed plot points and situations . It 's as flat as an open can of pop left sitting in the sun .
I am sorry that I was unable to get the full brunt of the comedy .
I became mad that I wasted 123 minutes and $ 9 .
I ca n't quite recommend it
I ca n't quite recommend it --
the same sledgehammer appeal as Pokemon videos
the saddest action hero performances ever witnessed
the same old story
the same stuff you can get for a buck or so in that greasy little vidgame pit in the theater lobby
with little logic or continuity
unrewarding
South Korea 's
breaks the mood with absurdly inappropriate ` comedy ' scenes
waiting for the ending credits and the deleted scenes
waiting for DVD and just skipping straight to her scenes
a great shame that such a talented director as Chen Kaige
, '' it 's equally distasteful to watch him sing the lyrics to `` Tonight . ''
, ' I should be enjoying this . '
) taste for `` shock humor '' will wear thin on all
, Ballistic : Ecks Vs. Sever also features terrible , banal dialogue ; convenient , hole-ridden plotting ; superficial characters and a rather dull , unimaginative car chase .
, Ballistic : Ecks vs. Sever is a dumb action movie .
is neither ... excessively strained
is neither ... excessively strained and contrived
the daring , much less talent ,
the daring , much less talent , many fewer
is neither light nor magical enough to bring off this kind of whimsy .
is never as daft
offers little insight into the experience of being forty , female and single
offers little insight into the experience of being forty , female and single .
offset by the sheer ugliness of everything else
often awkwardly directed and suffers from the addition of a wholly unnecessary pre-credit sequence designed to give some of the characters a ` back story
bloated plot
the film is overblown in its plotting , hackneyed in its dialogue and anachronistic in its style .
sloppiness
in clichés and mawkish dialogue
in cinema history as the only movie ever in which the rest of the cast was outshined by LL Cool J.
in an impossible spot because his character 's deceptions ultimately undo him and the believability of the entire scenario
strained comedy
strained caper movies that 's hardly any fun to watch and begins to vaporize from your memory minutes after it ends .
strained humor
strained caper movies that 's hardly any fun to watch
strained caper movies that 's hardly any fun to watch and begins to vaporize from your memory minutes after it ends
strained caper movies that 's hardly any fun to watch and
with laptops , cell phones and sketchy business plans
is certainly not earthshaking
is merely Anne-Sophie Birot 's off-handed way of saying girls find adolescence difficult to wade through
is meaningless , vapid and devoid of substance , in a movie that is definitely meaningless , vapid and devoid of substance
is meaningless , vapid and devoid of substance
is meaningless , vapid and devoid of substance ,
is matched only by the ridiculousness of its premise .
is meaningless , vapid and devoid
is merely a charmless witch
is merely a charmless witch .
said to suck
is n't a great movie
is n't .
sloppy , made-for-movie
to be frightening , too stolid to be funny
to be cruelly tormented
to be even worse than its title
in trying to have the best of both worlds it ends up falling short as a whole
freak show
freaking out
in treading the line between sappy and sanguine
to easy jokes and insults
overuse
to whom the idea of narrative logic or cohesion is an entirely foreign concept
Shadyac , who belongs with the damned for perpetrating Patch Adams
manufactured to me and artificial
many '' serious issues
scenes . But something seems to be missing .
adrift in various New York City locations
adults behave like kids
similarly ill-timed Antitrust
frustrating and
A damn fine and a truly distinctive and a deeply pertinent film
as it is bland
as impersonal in its relentlessness
is n't nearly as funny as it thinks it is
is n't one true ` Chan moment '
is n't one true ` Chan moment ' .
is n't particularly funny
is n't really about anything .
is n't scary . It hates its characters .
is n't the least bit mesmerizing
is n't the word -- neither is incompetent , incoherent or just plain crap
is n't very funny
too many scenes toward the end that should move quickly
cellophane-pop remake
the CIA and a lost U.S. satellite
to mind : So why is this so boring ?
too many Barney videos
with a stuttering script
It 's a scattershot affair
It 's a scathing portrayal
An absurdist spider web .
An absurdist comedy about alienation , separation and loss .
The experience of watching blobby old-school CGI animation in this superlarge format
little fuss or noise
, twisted sort
this sneaky feel to it -- as if the director is trying to dupe the viewer into taking it all as Very Important simply because the movie is ugly to look at and not a Hollywood product
late-night made-for-cable action movie
uncompromising , difficult
embarrassment or stupidity
a cinematic year already littered with celluloid garbage
embarrassment or
roiling
slow and dreary
rolling your eyes in the dark
Dead ?
De Niro may enjoy the same free ride from critics afforded to Clint Eastwood in the lazy Bloodwork . But like Bruce Springsteen 's gone-to-pot Asbury Park , New Jersey , this sad-sack waste of a movie is a City of ruins .
De Niro may enjoy the same free ride from critics afforded to Clint Eastwood in the lazy Bloodwork . But like Bruce Springsteen 's gone-to-pot Asbury Park , New Jersey , this sad-sack waste of a movie is a City of ruins
Formula 51 is so trite that even Yu 's high-energy action stylings ca n't break through the stupor .
Formula 51 sank from quirky to jerky to utter turkey .
Formulaic
Formulaic to the 51st power , more like .
are more shots of children smiling for the camera than typical documentary footage which hurts the overall impact of the film .
are more silly than scary
are more shots of children smiling for the camera than typical documentary footage which hurts the overall impact of the film
offer an advance screening . '' The Adventures of Pluto Nash '' is a big time stinker
to find something new to add to the canon of Chan . Make Chan 's action sequences boring
to find an enthusiastic audience among American action-adventure buffs , but the film 's interests
to find better entertainment
instead into a somber chamber drama
loss
instead go rent '' Shakes The Clown '' , a much funnier film with a similar theme and an equally great Robin Williams performance .
instantly know whodunit
loses touch with the reality of the grim situation
self-centered
enough to sit through crap like this
sometimes confusing
enough to give the film the substance it so desperately needs
enough to drag along the dead ( water ) weight of the other
cause Tom Green a grimace ; still
Even if the enticing prospect of a lot of nubile young actors in a film about campus depravity did n't fade amid the deliberate , tiresome ugliness
Even if the enticing prospect of a lot of nubile young actors in a film about campus depravity did n't fade amid the deliberate , tiresome ugliness , it would be rendered tedious by Avary 's failure to construct a story with even a trace of dramatic interest .
Even as the hero of the story rediscovers his passion in life , the mood remains oddly detached .
Euro-trash
of just slapping extreme humor and gross-out gags
bleak
loosey-goosey
by its munchausen-by-proxy mum
'' is one of those crass , contrived sequels that not only fails on its own , but makes you second-guess your affection for the original .
the worst thing
gets the feeling that the typical Hollywood disregard for historical truth and realism is at work here
's something not entirely convincing about The Quiet American .
's something not entirely convincing about The Quiet American
's something fundamental missing from this story
's something deeply creepy about Never Again , a new arrow in Schaeffer 's quiver of ineptitudes
's something intrinsically funny about Sir Anthony Hopkins saying ` Get in the car , bitch , ' this Jerry Bruckheimer production has little else to offer
's something fundamental missing from this story : something or someone to care about .
's something fundamental missing from this story : something or someone to care about
of lazy tearjerker that gives movies about ordinary folk a bad name
serves as a rather thin moral
the worst thing Soderbergh has ever done
's film ' in the worst sense of the expression .
his inescapable past and uncertain future in a very shapable but largely unfulfilling present
Instead of panoramic sweep , Kapur gives us episodic choppiness , undermining the story 's emotional thrust .
Intended to be a comedy about relationships , this wretched work falls flat in just about every conceivable area .
Interview '' loses its overall sense of mystery and becomes a TV episode rather than a documentary that you actually buy into
we put together a wry white man and a chatty black man and give them guns , the movie
perversely
relies too much on a scorchingly plotted dramatic scenario for its own good .
relies too much on a scorchingly plotted dramatic scenario for its own good
relies on toilet humor , ethnic slurs
relies on toilet humor , ethnic slurs .
remade for viewers who were in diapers when the original was released in 1987 ... this story gets sillier , not scarier , as it goes along
gore
slapstick and unfunny tricks
slasher film
slasher nonsense
it ca n't get any more gay , in pops Nathan Lane
it can be just as frightening and disturbing -- even punishing
it does n't give you time
it does n't go too much further .
, lifeless , and amateurishly
a stale , overused cocktail
, low-budget and tired
at the film 's nightmare versions of everyday sex-in-the-city misadventures
like swallowing a Communion wafer without the wine
like sick comedies that can be snide
One of the most incoherent features in recent memory .
One of the oddest and most inexplicable sequels
nearly terminal
nearly terminal case
nearly surprising or clever enough to sustain a reasonable degree of suspense on its own
engaged in a ferocious debate for years to come
a self-hatred instilled
a screwed-up man who dared to mess with some powerful people
all the bouncing back and forth ca n't help but become a bit tedious -- even with the breathtaking landscapes and villainous varmints there to distract you from the ricocheting
all the halfhearted zeal
you might be wishing for a watch that makes time go faster rather than the other way around .
you pitch your expectations at an all time low
you need to use more poetic license
you need a constant influx of liquid just to get through it
pretty unbelievable
pretty stupid . I had more fun with Ben Stiller 's Zoolander , which I thought was rather clever . But there 's plenty to offend everyone
pretty stupid . I had more fun with Ben Stiller 's Zoolander , which I thought was rather clever . But
of obnoxious
of obligatory cheap
of no real consequence
works its way up to merely bad rather than painfully awful
works better the less the brain is engaged
is simply too overdone
is simply too overdone .
meandering , Norton has to recite bland police procedural details , Fiennes wanders around in an attempt to seem weird and distanced ,
meandering , Norton has to recite bland police procedural details , Fiennes wanders around in an attempt to seem weird and distanced , Hopkins looks like a drag queen
me feel weird \/ Thinking about all the bad things in the world \/ Like puppies with broken legs \/ And butterflies that die \/ And movies starring pop queens
me say the obvious : Abandon all hope of a good movie ye who enter here
does n't really care about the thousands of americans who die hideously
does n't get the job done , running off the limited chemistry created by ralph fiennes and jennifer lopez
does n't bother to make her heroine 's book sound convincing , the gender-war ideas original , or the comic scenes fly
does n't amount to much of anything .
does n't amount to much of anything
does n't merit it
does n't have to be as a collection of keening and self-mutilating sideshow geeks
does n't get the job done , running off the limited chemistry created by ralph fiennes and jennifer lopez .
reign of fire may be little more than another platter of reheated aliens
reign of fire may be little more than another platter of reheated aliens ,
reheated aliens
hack
hack script
that 's a bad sign .
that 'll be much funnier than anything in the film ...
that 's a liability .
that 's all that 's going on here .
that 's as lumpy as two-day old porridge ... the filmmakers ' paws , sad to say , were all over this `` un-bear-able '' project
slow buildup
trip tripe
its standard formula
its sleazy moralizing
snore
all its excess debris
such atmospheric ballast that shrugging off the plot 's persnickety problems
such a worthless film
such a tragedy
snapping it might have held my attention , but as it stands I
sneak out of the theater
assesses
snobbery
the irrelevant as on the engaging , which gradually turns What Time
the intended , er , spirit
make such a worthless film
distasteful and
cinematic pollution
are zoning ordinances to protect your community from the dullest science fiction
are your cup of tea , then pay your $ 8 and get ready for the big shear
are worse
are wasted in it
argue that entering a church , synagogue or temple does n't mean you have to check your brain at the door
distortions
disturbing bio-pic
horrifying documents
horrifying documents of lynchings
moviegoers not already clad in basic black
a besotted and obvious drama that tells us nothing new
the characterizations turn more crassly reductive
the characters are too simplistic to maintain interest ,
the characters are n't interesting enough to watch them go about their daily activities for two whole hours
the characters are too simplistic to maintain interest
all starts to smack of a Hallmark Hall of Fame , with a few four letter words thrown in that are generally not heard on television .
soderbergh seems capable only of delivering artfully lighted , earnest inquiries that lack the kind of genuine depth that would make them redeemable .
all the annals
too much about this love story
No screen fantasy-adventure
No es la mejor cinta de la serie ,
too many chefs fussing over too weak a recipe
, overmanipulative Hollywood practices
, overlong , and bombastic
the story ... is hackneyed
might not have gotten him into film school in the first place
So exaggerated and broad
provide any conflict
this gets us in trouble
book report
, I ca n't see why any actor of talent would ever work in a McCulloch production again if they looked at how this movie turned out .
, Hoffman 's quirks and mannerisms , particularly his penchant for tearing up on cue -- things that seem so real in small doses -- become annoying and artificial .
, I 'm not exactly sure what -- and has all the dramatic weight of a raindrop
, I 'd want something a bit more complex than We Were Soldiers to be remembered by .
So bland and utterly forgettable
above the level of embarrassment
about what classic Oliver Parker intends to mangle next time
about tortured ( and torturing ) artists and consuming but impossible love that you ca n't help but become more disappointed as each overwrought new sequence plods
might drive you crazy
, despite several attempts at lengthy dialogue scenes ,
So bland and
remains inextricably stuck in an emotionally unavailable rut .
So bland
So aggressively cheery that Pollyana would reach for a barf bag .
... and then only as a very mild rental
of the year 's murkiest , intentionally obscure and self-indulgent pictures
of the year , noteworthy only for the gimmick of being filmed as a single unbroken 87-minute
chuckles
genocide
of the witless ageism
So aggressively cheery
miss heist -- only to have it all go wrong
miss
misguided comedy
remains sadly unrealized .
miss its messages
miss it
're dying to see the same old thing in a tired old setting
're far better served by the source material
're going through the motions
dives straight into the rough waters of contradiction
the problems of fledgling democracies
the problems
A strong first quarter , slightly less so second quarter , and average second half .
A string of rehashed sight gags
A standard police-oriented drama that , were it not for De Niro 's participation , would have likely wound up a TNT Original .
A story which fails to rise above its disgusting source material .
A string of rehashed sight gags based in insipid vulgarity .
Koury 's passive technique
the problematic script
Kong master John Woo
a film with an idea buried somewhere inside its fabric , but never clearly seen or felt
a film wreck
a film that 's rarely as entertaining as it could have been
a film tailor-made for those who when they were in high school would choose the Cliff-Notes over reading a full-length classic
a film that 's neither
its raucous
small in scope ,
the ruthless social order that governs college cliques
slowtime
moves fast enough to cover its clunky dialogue and lapses in logic
moves quickly , adroitly , and without fuss ; it does n't give you time to reflect on the inanity -- and the Cold War datedness -- of its premise
mournfully
for Swamp Thing-type animation , doubled with a deafening score
of watching blobby old-school CGI animation in this superlarge format
an impeccable pedigree , mongrel pep , and almost indecipherable plot complications
... you can be forgiven for realizing that you 've spent the past 20 minutes looking at your watch and waiting for Frida to just die already .
of absurdist
of adolescent sturm und drang
of an almost sure-fire prescription for a critical and commercial disaster
Where 's Chris Tucker When You Need Him
Whenever its story is n't bogged down by idiocy involving the CIA and a lost U . S . satellite
... contains very few laughs and even less surprises .
When the painted backdrops in a movie are more alive than its characters , you know you 're in trouble .
When the painted backdrops in a movie are more alive than its characters
geriatric Peter
petty thievery
turn out to be the most repellent movie of 2002 .
a bad thing
a bad journey at all .
a bad journey at all
a bad journey
find yourself wishing that you and they were in another movie
find yourself rooting for the monsters in a horror movie
of even the most understanding spouse
may seem disappointing in its generalities
may not satisfy every moviegoer 's appetite
get out
may strain adult credibility
get really peeved at it
may seem long at 110 minutes if you 're not a fan , because it includes segments of 12 songs at a reunion concert
may seem long at 110 minutes if you 're not a fan , because it includes segments of 12 songs at a reunion concert .
I had a serious urge to grab the old lady at the end of my aisle 's walker and toss it at the screen in frustration
scattershot affair
I had a lot of problems with this movie .
's the plot , and a maddeningly insistent and repetitive piano score that made me want to scream
's the plot , and a maddeningly insistent and repetitive piano score that made me want to scream .
I had to look away -
pious , preachy soap opera
acted and directed
left over
acted ... but
Told in scattered fashion
A tired , unnecessary retread ... a stale copy of a picture that was n't all that great to begin with .
A very slow , uneventful ride around a pretty tattered old carousel .
Told in scattered fashion , the movie only intermittently lives up to the stories and faces and music of the men who are its subject .
A very slow , uneventful
A vile , incoherent mess ... a scummy ripoff of David Cronenberg 's brilliant ` Videodrome . '
77 minutes of pokemon may not last 4ever ,
Walter Hill 's Undisputed is like a 1940s Warner Bros . B picture
Walter Hill 's Undisputed is like a 1940s Warner Bros . B picture , and
hellish
If you can push on through the slow spots
, writer-director Michael Kalesniko 's How to Kill Your Neighbor 's Dog is slight but unendurable .
be as pretentious
be as bored watching Morvern Callar
be as bored watching Morvern Callar as the characters are in it
the screenplay is stiff as a board
of war-torn Croatia
of what 's on Saturday morning TV especially the pseudo-educational stuff we all ca n't stand
Disaster
Director Uwe Boll and the actors provide scant reason to care in this crude '70s throwback .
Director Uwe Boll and writer Robert Dean Klein fail to generate any interest in an unsympathetic hero caught up in an intricate plot that while cleverly worked out , can not overcome blah characters .
when Leguizamo finally plugged an irritating character late in the movie .
when Green threw medical equipment at a window ; not because it was particularly funny , but because I had a serious urge to grab the old lady at the end of my aisle 's walker and toss it at the screen in frustration
whatever you thought of the first production -- pro or con -- you 'll likely think of this one
The only pain
The only pain you 'll feel as the credits roll is your stomach grumbling for some tasty grub
high-minded snoozer .
gets old quickly . Watch Barbershop
a way to make J.K. Rowling 's marvelous series into a deadly bore
gets old quickly . Watch Barbershop again
a very rainy day .
a turkey
never come up with an adequate reason why we should pay money for what we can get on television for free
never bothers to question why somebody might devote time to see it
never becomes the clever crime comedy it thinks it is
gets over its rather lopsided conception
A tired , unimaginative and derivative variation of that already-shallow genre .
The jokes are sophomoric
restrained and
gets old quickly . Watch Barbershop again if you 're in need of a Cube fix
his innocence soon becomes a questionable kind of inexcusable dumb innocence
result in a movie that works against itself .
result in a movie that works against itself
we keep getting torn away from the compelling historical tale to a less-compelling soap opera
we just get messy anger , a movie as personal therapy
Hollywood has taken quite a nosedive from Alfred Hitchcock 's imaginative flight to Shyamalan 's self-important summer fluff .
Its underlying mythology is a hodgepodge of inconsistencies that pose the question : Since when did dumb entertainment have to be this dumb
Its underlying mythology is a hodgepodge of inconsistencies that pose the question : Since when did dumb entertainment have to be this dumb ?
Hollywood Ending is a depressing experience
Hollywood Ending may be his way of saying that piffle is all that the airhead movie business deserves from him right now
Hollywood frightfest
Hollywood has been trying to pass off as acceptable teen entertainment for some time now .
Hollywood concoction
wear thin on all
wear thin with repetition
wear down possible pupils through repetition . It has no affect on the Kurds
wear thin
wears out its limited welcome
should not be forgiven
should never , ever , leave a large dog alone with a toddler
should never , ever ,
a large human tragedy . Alas ,
is very difficult to care about the character
is very difficult
is very choppy and monosyllabic despite the fact that it is being dubbed .
is very choppy and monosyllabic despite the fact that it is being dubbed
is very choppy and monosyllabic despite the fact
just plain awful but still
it also wilts after awhile
it also does the absolute last thing we need Hollywood doing to us
it almost stops the blood flow to your brain
it all went wrong
it aims so low
vicious and
Reign of Fire may be little more than another platter of reheated Aliens , but
Reign of Fire may be little more than another platter of reheated Aliens ,
Purely propaganda ,
written as assembled , Frankenstein-like , out of other , marginally better shoot-em-ups
inexpressible and drab
poorly scripted
written a more credible script , though with the same number of continuity errors
redneck
's so downbeat and nearly humorless that it becomes a chore to sit through -- despite some first-rate performances by its lead
's so inane that it gave me plenty of time to ponder my Thanksgiving to-do list
's so tedious
's so tedious that it makes you forgive every fake , dishonest , entertaining and , ultimately , more perceptive moment in Bridget Jones 's Diary
's so tedious that it makes you forgive every fake , dishonest , entertaining and , ultimately , more perceptive moment in Bridget Jones 's Diary .
miscellaneous bohos
poorly scripted , preachy fable
the unfulfilling , incongruous ,
more grueling and time-consuming
in his zeal to squeeze the action and our emotions into the all-too-familiar dramatic arc of the holocaust escape story , minac drains his movie of all individuality
in his zeal to squeeze the action and our emotions into the all-too-familiar dramatic arc of the holocaust escape story
in his zeal to squeeze the action and our emotions into the all-too-familiar dramatic arc of the holocaust escape story , minac
in juvenile and near-xenophobic pedagogy
dissidents
dismissed as mindless
disillusionment
dissidents in the streets
guaranteed to drive anyone much over age 4 screaming from the theater .
guaranteed to drive anyone much over age 4 screaming from the theater
grungy video
grows tiresome
grows tedious
grows decidedly flimsier with its many out-sized , out of character and logically porous action set pieces .
seeks to rely on an ambiguous presentation
that makes Michael Jordan jealous
Damned
little wit , interest , and
little wit , interest ,
little wit , interest
must have been astronomically bad
must have been lost in the mail
must have been lost in the translation .
must have read ` seeking anyone with acting ambition but no sense of pride or shame .
must have read ` seeking anyone with acting ambition but no sense of pride or shame . '
little wit , interest , and professionalism
comes off as so silly that you would n't be surprised if BA , Murdock and rest of the A-Team were seen giving chase in a black and red van .
comes off as so silly that you would n't be surprised if BA , Murdock and rest of the A-Team were seen giving chase in a black and red van
comes perilously close to being too bleak , too pessimistic and too unflinching for its own good .
comes perilously close to being too bleak , too pessimistic and too unflinching for its own good
fewer deliberate laughs , more inadvertent ones and stunningly trite
fewer deliberate laughs , more inadvertent ones and stunningly trite songs
fewer gags to break the tedium
comes the first lousy Guy Ritchie imitation .
Carvey 's ) characters are both overplayed and exaggerated
Carvey 's rubber-face routine is no match for the insipid script he has crafted with Harris Goldberg .
The adventure does n't contain half the excitement of Balto , or quarter the fun of Toy Story 2 .
The advantage of a postapocalyptic setting is that it can be made on the cheap . Any rock pile will do for a set . Reign of Fire has the disadvantage of also looking cheap .
The advantage of a postapocalyptic setting is that it can be made on the cheap .
takes big bloody chomps out of it
with scenes that seem simply an ill fit
Burns gets caught up in the rush of slapstick thoroughfare .
oodles of vulgar highlights
while the movie is slightly less successful than the first
Butterfingered
curmudgeonly
borderline silly chase sequence
bore most audiences
bore most audiences into their own brightly colored dreams
bore most audiences into their own brightly colored dreams .
boring , pretentious
boring , pretentious muddle
botches
botching
botching a routine assignment
, groan and hiss
, graceless , hackneyed
a holy fool
should come with the warning '' for serious
looks back on those places he saw at childhood , and captures them by freeing them from artefact , and by showing them heartbreakingly drably
. It 's a cookie-cutter movie , a cut-and-paste job .
. It 's not horrible , just horribly mediocre .
Crossroads is nothing more than an hour-and-a-half-long commercial for Britney 's latest album
Crossroads feels like a teenybopper Ed Wood film , replete with the pubescent scandalous innuendo and the high-strung but flaccid drama .
Crocodile Hunter has the hurried , badly cobbled look of the 1959 Godzilla , which combined scenes of a Japanese monster flick with canned shots of Raymond Burr commenting on the monster 's path of destruction .
the biggest disappointments of the year
's a disreputable air about the whole thing
's a bit smug and repetitive
the biggest disappointments
credulous , unassuming , subordinate subjects
simple-minded and contrived
the bigger setpieces flat
to create images you wish you had n't seen
modern Japan
mistaking
mock-Tarantino scuzbag types
It squanders Chan 's uniqueness
It still feels like a prison stretch .
It should have stayed there .
It shows that some studios firmly believe that people have lost the ability to think and will forgive any shoddy product as long as there 's a little girl-on-girl action .
, its curmudgeon does n't quite make the cut of being placed on any list of favorites .
The pacing is deadly
The pace of the film is very slow ( for obvious reasons ) and that too becomes off-putting
The pace of the film is very slow ( for obvious reasons ) and
The pace of the film is very slow ( for obvious reasons )
, it wears out its welcome as tryingly as the title character .
, it will probably be a talky bore .
, it would still be beyond comprehension
The pacing is deadly , the narration helps little and Naipaul , a juicy writer , is negated
, its brain is a little scattered -- ditsy , even .
of crucifixion
A Lifetime movie
their gross outs , bawdy comedy and head games
deadpan tone
Sheridan seems terrified of the book 's irreverent energy , and scotches most of its élan , humor , bile , and irony .
Should have been worth cheering as a breakthrough but is devoid of wit and humor .
's quite diverting nonsense
How can you charge money for this ?
How can such a cold movie claim to express warmth and longing ? In truth , it has all the heart of a porno flick ( but none of the sheer lust ) .
How inept is Serving Sara ? It makes even Elizabeth Hurley seem graceless and ugly .
How inept is Serving Sara ?
How do you make a movie with depth about a man who lacked any ? On the evidence before us , the answer is clear : Not easily and , in the end , not well enough .
rush
ruthlessness
to whether you 've seen pornography or documentary
a cinematic disaster so inadvertently sidesplitting it 's worth the price of admission for the ridicule factor alone .
would have made the film more cohesive
piffle .
pile too many '' serious issues '' on its plate
piece of dreck
piffle
piece of dreck is shockingly bad and absolutely unnecessary .
of a movie , a vampire soap opera that does n't make much
of a movie so sloppy , so uneven , so damn unpleasant that I ca n't believe any viewer , young or old ,
more self-absorbed women than the mother and daughters featured in this film ? I do n't think so
more self-absorbed women than the mother and daughters featured in this film ?
Kung Pow seems like some futile concoction that was developed hastily after Oedekerk
Kung Pow seems like some futile concoction that was developed hastily after Oedekerk and
Kung Pow seems like some futile concoction that was developed hastily after Oedekerk and his fellow moviemakers got through crashing a college keg party .
Kurys seems intimidated by both her subject matter and the period trappings of this debut venture into the heritage business .
the most moronic screenplays of the year ,
the most irresponsible picture ever released by a major film studio .
the most moronic screenplays
the most moronic screenplays of the year
the most incoherent
Jacquot had left well enough alone and just filmed the opera without all these distortions of perspective
It 's of the quality of a lesser Harrison Ford movie - Six Days , Seven Nights , maybe , or that dreadful Sabrina remake .
It 's often faintly amusing , but the problems of the characters never become important to us , and the story never takes hold
It 's often faintly amusing , but the problems of the characters never become important to us , and the story never takes hold .
In old-fashioned screenwriting parlance , Ms. Shreve 's novel proved too difficult a text to ` lick , ' despite the efforts of a first-rate cast .
lament the loss of culture
It 's not an easy one to review .
face and spit
is supremely unfunny and unentertaining to watch middle-age
is supposed to be , but ca n't really call it a work of art
to know your Ice-T 's from your Cool-J 's to realize that as far as these shootings are concerned , something is rotten in the state of California
is sordid and disgusting
is sordid and disgusting .
so-bad-they
so-called ` comedy '
so you can get your money back
so stylized as to be drained of human emotion
so uncool the only thing missing is the '' Gadzooks ! ''
're not sure
from a Xerox machine rather than ( writer-director ) Franc . Reyes ' word processor
in the story and the somewhat predictable plot
simply ca n't sustain more than 90 minutes
like John Le Carré with a couple of burnt-out cylinders
like High Crimes flog the dead horse of surprise as if it were an obligation
like High Crimes flog the dead horse of surprise as if it were an obligation .
like John Le Carré with a couple of burnt-out cylinders .
clinical , detached , uninvolving
close to pro-serb propaganda
clinical , detached ,
clinical , detached
the kind of reporting that is done by the supposedly liberal media ... to the intimate and ultimately tragic heartache of maverick individuals like Hatfield and Hicks
Lawrence should stick to his day job .
Lawrence should stick to his day job . He 's a better actor than a standup comedian .
of corruption and ruthlessness
watered down the version of the one
but too-tepid biopic
say mean things and shoot a lot of bullets . Some of the characters die and others do n't , and the film pretends that those living have learned some sort of lesson
swallow its absurdities and crudities
and you 'll be taking a risk if you choose to see it .
anything but fun
anything but laughable
anything approaching even a vague reason to sit through it all
wish had been developed with more care
a slightly anarchic approach that works only sporadically
a slick piece of nonsense but nothing more
a sleek sociopath
a slapstick comedy , that 's a pretty big problem
The Man From Elysian Fields is a cold , bliss-less work that groans along thinking itself some important comment on how life throws us some beguiling curves .
The Irwins emerge unscathed , but the fictional footage is unconvincing and criminally badly acted .
The Island of Lost Dreams writer\/director\/producer Robert Rodriguez has cobbled together a film that feels like a sugar high gone awry .
None of this is meaningful or memorable , but frosting is n't , either ,
simply does n't
interplay and utter lack
interrupted
go on so long as there are moviegoers anxious to see strange young guys doing strange guy things
is n't much in the way of character development
is n't laughing with us , folks . It 's laughing at us
is n't just
is n't more accomplished . The actors try hard but come off too amateurish and awkward
is n't much fun
fistfights , and car chases , this movie is a phlegmatic bore , so tedious it makes the silly spy vs . spy film The Sum of All Fears , starring Ben Affleck ,
dumb , narratively chaotic , visually sloppy ... a weird amalgam
the result is disappointing
compare to the brilliant original
commonly
guilty
's no disguising this as one of the worst films of the summer . Or for the year , for that matter .
's no disguising this as one of the worst films of the summer . Or for the year , for that matter
's no discernible feeling beneath the chest hair
's next ? Rob Schneider , Dana Carvey and Sarah Michelle Gellar in The Philadelphia Story ? David Spade as Citizen Kane ?
's next ? Rob Schneider , Dana Carvey and Sarah Michelle Gellar in The Philadelphia Story ? David Spade as Citizen Kane
are mean giggles and pulchritude .
dumb , credulous , unassuming , subordinate
are missing --
wars
are missing -- anything approaching a visceral kick , and anything approaching even a vague reason to sit through it all
war
dumb ,
a bigger , more complicated story , one that never materializes
a big mess
a blip
occasional jarring glimpses of a modern theater audience watching the events unfold
nails Sy 's queasy infatuation and overall strangeness
An affable but undernourished romantic comedy that fails to match the freshness of the actress-producer and writer
any shoddy product
An admitted egomaniac , Evans is no Hollywood villain , and yet this grating showcase almost makes you wish he 'd gone the way of Don Simpson .
Patchy combination of soap opera , low-tech magic realism and , at times , ploddingly sociological commentary .
An almost unbearably morbid
An affable but undernourished romantic comedy that fails to match the freshness of the actress-producer and writer 's previous collaboration , Miss Congeniality .
dumb , narratively chaotic
of pompous windbags
of people constantly checking their watches
of platitudes
hits every cliche we 've come to expect , including the assumption that '' crazy '' people are innocent , childlike and inherently funny
blurs
blurs the line between black comedy and black hole
flash but little emotional resonance
flakiness
flagrantly
flagrantly fake thunderstorms
combined with so much first-rate talent ... could have yielded such a flat , plodding picture
Confuses its message with an ultimate desire to please , and contorting itself into an idea of expectation is the last thing any of these three actresses , nor their characters , deserve .
Satin Rouge is not a new , or inventive , journey , but
's petty thievery like this that puts flimsy flicks like this behind bars
that the director and cinematographer Stephen Kazmierski shoot on grungy video , giving the whole thing a dirty , tasteless feel
Satin Rouge is not a new , or inventive , journey
that the crux of the mystery hinges on a technicality that strains credulity and leaves the viewer haunted by the waste of potential
irrational
Extreme Oops -
I still ca n't relate to Stuart :
Extreme Ops '' was obviously made for the '' XXX '' crowd , people who enjoy mindless action without the benefit of decent acting , writing , and direction
Extreme Ops '' was obviously made for the '' XXX '' crowd , people who enjoy mindless action without the benefit of decent acting , writing , and direction .
Extremely dumb
a mess in a lot of ways . But it does have one saving grace . A lot of its gags
a mere disease-of - the-week TV movie
a mere disease-of -
a mess in a lot of ways .
But buying into sham truths and routine `` indie '' filmmaking , Freundlich has made just another safe movie .
dwindles
dwells on crossing-over mumbo jumbo , manipulative sentimentality , and sappy dialogue
dwells on crossing-over mumbo jumbo , manipulative sentimentality , and sappy dialogue .
that the fans of the first Men in Black have come away hating the second one .
a plodding mess
a plot that crawls along at a snail 's pace
Despite its sincere acting
Despite its sincere acting , Signs is just another unoriginal run of the mill sci-fi film with a flimsy ending and lots of hype .
but it 's a rushed , slapdash , sequel-for-the-sake - of-a-sequel with less than half the plot and ingenuity
but it 's a rushed , slapdash , sequel-for-the-sake - of-a-sequel with less than half
but like shooting fish in a barrel
and completely ridiculous
and drab wannabe
a symptom of artistic malnutrition
a talky bore
and immature provocations
The only upside to all of this unpleasantness
The only reason
The only problem
The only problem is that , by the end , no one in the audience or the film seems to really care .
The only type of lives this glossy comedy-drama resembles are ones in formulaic mainstream movies .
The only reason you should see this movie is if you have a case of masochism and an hour and a half to blow .
Or doing last year 's taxes with your ex-wife .
Or some damn thing .
Nothing more than a stifling morality tale dressed up in peekaboo clothing .
Nothing but an episode of Smackdown ! in period costume and with a bigger budget .
Nothing happens
Nothing but an episode
Nothing but an episode of Smackdown ! in period costume and with a bigger budget
Nothing happens , and it happens to flat characters
Nothing happens , and it happens to flat characters .
Nothing happens ,
Nothing happens , and
Hard-core slasher aficionados will find things to like ... but overall the Halloween series has lost its edge .
Hard-core slasher aficionados will find things to like ... but overall the Halloween series has lost its edge
Hardly makes the kind of points Egoyan wanted to make ,
Hardly makes the kind of points Egoyan wanted to make
Hardly makes the kind of points Egoyan wanted to make , nor
the superficial way it deals with its story
the superficial way
a tragedy
of childhood innocence combined with indoctrinated prejudice
A baffling subplot involving smuggling drugs inside Danish cows
a lie and
a lie and this
with unanswered questions that it requires gargantuan leaps of faith just to watch it
with this film that even 3 Oscar winners ca n't overcome
silly fluff
of clichés and a dim
with too little excitement and zero compelling storyline
with this tortured , dull artist and monster-in-the
cheap manipulation or corny conventions
cheap , B movie way
skip but film buffs should get to know
Exhibits the shallow sensationalism characteristic of soap opera ... more salacious telenovela than serious drama .
see a better thriller
see : terrorists are more evil than ever !
unfilmable ''
Light the candles , bring out the cake and do n't fret about the calories because there 's precious little substance in Birthday Girl --
surprisingly bland
one feels cheated
one decent performance from the cast and not one clever line of dialogue
one eventually resents having to inhale this gutter romancer 's secondhand material
one dumb movie
trailer-trash style
you feeling a little sticky and unsatisfied
such message-mongering moralism
that there are more interesting ways of dealing with the subject
that there is no rest period , no timeout
challenges
the poor and
It 's a loathsome movie , it really is and it makes absolutely no sense
It 's a loathsome movie , it really is and
It 's a movie forged in the fires of Chick Flick Hell .
It 's a loathsome movie , it really is and it makes absolutely no sense .
It 's a pedestrian , flat drama that screams out ` amateur ' in almost every frame .
ambition is in short supply in the cinema ,
is nearly impossible to look at or understand
is n't very effective
is n't very bright
is n't tough to take as long as you 've paid a matinee price
is n't this painfully forced , false and fabricated
That sure is pathetic !
a gut punch
can smell a mile away
ca n't possibly be enough
A great comedy filmmaker knows great comedy need n't always make us laugh . Tim Story 's not there yet -
in short , is n't nearly as funny as it thinks it is
in short
in search of a better movie experience
with a flimsy ending
with a few four letter words thrown in that are generally not heard on television
with a distinctly musty odour , its expiry date long gone
with a degree of randomness usually achieved only by lottery drawing
certainly not a good movie , but it
earns it a place alongside those other two recent Dumas botch-jobs , The Man in the Iron Mask and The Musketeer
earns it a place alongside those other two recent Dumas botch-jobs ,
earns it a place alongside those other two recent Dumas botch-jobs , The Man in the Iron Mask and The Musketeer .
easily skippable
have been scripted by someone who just graduated from elementary school
have been to produce something that makes Fatal Attraction look like a classic by comparison
have been titled ` The Loud and the Ludicrous '
have been worse
the stupidly named Pipe Dream
the stunts together and not quite enough characterization
the strain of its plot contrivances and its need to reassure
the strain of its plot contrivances and
the strain of its plot contrivances
the strain is all too evident
Something like scrubbing the toilet .
Those who managed to avoid the Deconstructionist theorizing of French philosopher Jacques Derrida in college can now take an 85-minute brush-up course with the documentary Derrida .
comes off as a pale successor
Those who managed to avoid the Deconstructionist theorizing of French philosopher Jacques Derrida in college can now take an 85-minute brush-up course with the documentary Derrida . Or , you can do something fun tonight .
Though Avary has done his best to make something out of Ellis ' nothing novel , in the end
Those who managed to avoid the Deconstructionist theorizing of French philosopher Jacques Derrida in college can now take an 85-minute brush-up course with the documentary Derrida . Or , you can do something fun tonight
Somehow we 're meant to buy that this doting mother would shun her kids , travel to one of the most dangerous parts of the world , don fatigues and become G.I. Jane .
Though Avary has done his best to make something out of Ellis ' nothing novel , in the end , his Rules is barely worth following .
Some studio pizazz might have helped .
me wonder if Lawrence hates criticism so much that he refuses to evaluate his own work
meager
mean it still wo n't feel like the longest 90 minutes of your movie-going life
asks us to care about a young man whose only apparent virtue is that he is not quite as unpleasant as some of the people in his life
asking too much
ask searching enough questions to justify its pretensions
aside from scoring points with drag gags
dismissed as the tiresome rant of an aging filmmaker still thumbing his nose at convention
dismiss --
dismiss -- moody
dismiss -- moody ,
dismal
not the least
not just unlikable . disturbing . disgusting . without any redeeming value whatsoever
not just unlikable . disturbing . disgusting . without any redeeming value whatsoever .
PTA proud yet director Muccino 's characters are less worthy of Puccini than they are of daytime television
not the least of which is Amy 's self-absorbed personality --
not terribly original
not so much enjoyable to watch as it is enlightening to listen to new sides of a previous reality , and to visit with some of the people who were able to make an impact in the theater world
nothing fresh
stupid and maudlin
stumbles in search of all the emotions and life experiences
stuffiest
stuffiest cinema goers
a pesky mother
be a good half-hour too long
This Sade is hardly a perverse , dangerous libertine and agitator -- which would have made for better drama . He 's just a sad aristocrat in tattered finery , and
its worst harangues
This Sade is hardly a perverse , dangerous libertine and agitator -- which would have made for better drama . He 's just a sad aristocrat in tattered finery , and the film seems as deflated as he does
crush it forever
, rather than forcing us to endure every plot contrivance that the cliché-riddled genre can offer
, rather chaotic
the whole thing never existed
the whole central section is one big chase that seems to have no goal and no urgency
the website feardotcom.com or the improperly hammy performance from poor Stephen Rea
the way it skirts around any scenes that might have required genuine acting from Ms. Spears
The fact that the ` best part ' of the movie comes from a 60-second homage to one of Demme 's good films does n't bode well for the rest of it .
The explosion essentially ruined -- or , rather , overpowered -- the fiction of the movie for me .
The fact that the ` best part ' of the movie comes from a 60-second homage to one of Demme 's good films
The feature-length stretch ... strains the show 's concept .
The film 's ) taste for '' shock humor '' will wear thin on all
The feature-length stretch ... strains the show 's concept
be turning in his grave , along with my stomach
Hamlet . For Benigni it was n't Shakespeare whom he wanted to define his career with but Pinocchio . It might as well have been Problem Child IV
loses its fire
losers
to overcome gaps in character development and story logic
killing me
movies about college that are written and directed by people who could n't pass an entrance exam
extremely unpleasant film
extremely unpleasant
laughable
weighs it down with too many characters and events , all intertwined and far too complicated to keep track of
qualities that were once amusing
weighs it down
put together his slasher video from spare parts and
put together his slasher video from spare parts
puts an exclamation point on the fact that this is n't something to be taken seriously
the overtime someone put in to come up with an irritatingly unimaginative retread concept
errors
laughing at britney spears ' movie-starring debut
lacking any sense of commitment
lacking any real emotional impact
are n't many laughs in this interesting study of the cultural mores of Georgian Jews in Tel Aviv .
lackadaisical plotting and mindless action
lack their idol 's energy and passion for detail
lack of thematic resonance
lack depth or complexity , with the ironic exception of Scooter .
lacking any of the rollicking dark humor so necessary
lacking about everything
lacked
Half of it is composed of snappy patter and pseudo-sophisticated cultural observations , while the remainder ... would be more at home on a daytime television serial .
deserves the hook
desiccated talent
designed to fill time
designed to fill time ,
The sentimental cliches
But ... in trying to capture the novel 's deeper intimate resonances , the film has -- ironically - distanced us from the characters .
Buries an interesting storyline about morality and the choices we make underneath such a mountain of clichés and borrowed images that it might more accurately be titled Mr. Chips off the Old Block .
But , like Silence , it 's a movie that gets under your skin .
Obstacles are too easily overcome and
Hallmark commercial
the authority
the awful complications
I wonder why . They felt like the same movie to me .
I would if this latest and laziest imaginable of all vintage-TV spinoffs were capable of engendering an emotional response of any kind
I would recommend Big Bad Love only to Winger fans who have missed her since 1995 's Forget Paris .
's also cold , grey , antiseptic and emotionally desiccated .
inexorably gives way to rote sentimentality
so preposterous
so predictable and sentimental that viewers are likely to lose interest before Sandrine
so much that I became mad that I wasted 123 minutes and $ 9 .
so much naturalistic small talk , delivered in almost muffled exchanges ,
so poorly thought-out and substance-free that even a high school senior taking his or her first psychology class could dismiss them
so poorly thought-out and substance-free
so painful to sit through
This would have been better than the fiction it has concocted , and there still could have been room for the war scenes .
This would-be ` James Bond for the Extreme Generation ' pic is one big , dumb action movie .
seems uncertain
This time Mr. Burns is trying something in the Martin Scorsese street-realist mode , but his self-regarding sentimentality trips him up again
This time Mr. Burns is trying something in the Martin Scorsese street-realist mode , but his self-regarding sentimentality trips him up again .
This would have been better than the fiction it has concocted
This would have been better than the fiction it has concocted , and
depressingly retrograde
remaining heartless
for warmed-over melodrama
for worst movie
Payami tries to raise some serious issues about Iran 's electoral process , but the result is a film that 's about as subtle as a party political broadcast .
Payami tries to raise some serious issues about Iran 's electoral process , but the result is a film that 's about as subtle as a party political broadcast
sequel-itis something
sequel-itis something fierce . An ungainly , comedy-deficient , B-movie rush job
serious critique
their way around this movie directionless , lacking any of the rollicking dark humor so necessary
their way around this movie directionless ,
A fake street drama that keeps telling you things instead of showing them .
A fan film that for the uninitiated plays better on video with the sound turned down .
with cheapo animation ( like Saturday morning TV in the '60s ) , a complex sword-and-sorcery plot and characters who all have big round eyes and Japanese names .
with bathos and pathos and the further Oprahfication of the world
provoked me to take my own life
of him wheedling reluctant witnesses and pointing his camera through the smeared windshield of his rental car
of his first film , The Full Monty ,
provoked me to take my own life .
Less dizzying than just dizzy , the jaunt is practically over before it begins .
that Jennifer Lopez has shown poor judgment in planning to marry Ben Affleck
the Snowman ( who never gets to play that flute ) has all the charm of a meltdown
hate yourself for giving in .
hates
's distended pace and foot-dragging rhythms follow
's disappointing when filmmakers throw a few big-name actors and cameos at a hokey script .
's disappointing when filmmakers throw a few big-name actors and cameos at a hokey script
's difficult to imagine the process that produced such a script , but here 's guessing that spray cheese and underarm noises played a crucial role .
has little clue about either the nature of women or of friendship
has little clue
about its ideas and
has a difficult time shaking its Blair Witch Project real-time roots
has a film 's title served such dire warning .
has a film 's title served such dire warning
attempts to do too many things in this story about ethics , payola , vice , murder , kids ' TV and revenge
off with an inauspicious premise , mopes through a dreary tract of virtually plotless meanderings and then ends with a whimper .
off-handed
off-putting romantic comedy .
offal
would have liked it more if it had just gone that one step further .
attempts to pass itself off as hip , young adult entertainment
Reeks of rot and hack
a pretentious and ultimately empty examination of a sick and evil woman
Reeks
Those prone to indignation need not apply
Those prone to indignation need not apply ;
Those seeking a definitive account of Eisenstein 's life would do better elsewhere
World Trade Center tragedy
hindered by uneven dialogue and plot lapses
him to churn out one mediocre movie after another
so much a movie as a picture book for the big screen .
merely lacks originality to make it a great movie
mergers and downsizing
through watching this saccharine , Easter-egg-colored concoction
attempt to be profound
very little story or character
very meticulously but without any passion
attempt to pass this stinker off as a scary movie
attempt to seem weird and distanced
of ideas for the inevitable future sequels ( hey , do n't shoot the messenger )
of hype
of inept filmmaking
to the horrors of the killing field and the barbarism of ` ethnic cleansing
to the endless action sequences
to the scuzzy underbelly of nyc 's drug scene
virtually no one is bound to show up at theatres for it
visually sloppy
as if even the filmmakers did n't know what kind of movie they were making
as if it started to explore the obvious voyeuristic potential of ` hypertime '
as if Allen , at 66 , has stopped challenging himself
as if Schwentke were fulfilling a gross-out quota for an anticipated audience demographic instead of shaping the material to fit the story
as if Solondz had two ideas for two movies , could n't really figure out how to flesh either out
as if a bored Cage spent the duration of the film 's shooting schedule waiting to scream
Their parents would do well to cram earplugs in their ears and put pillowcases over their heads for 87 minutes .
by some very stoned college students
by spinning out of control
by serving up the usual chaotic nonsense
by simply tossing in lots of characters doing silly stuff and stirring the pot
: Nobody deserves any prizes here .
Shafer 's feature does n't offer much in terms of plot or acting .
the craven of ' a nightmare on elm street ' or ` the hills have eyes , ' but the sad schlock merchant of ` deadly friend
of Janice Beard ( Eileen Walsh ) when her real-life persona is so charmless and vacant
have to endure intermissions
inflict big damage upon their reputations .
inflict big damage upon their reputations
descends into sub-Tarantino cuteness
derive from the screenplay , but rather the mediocre performances by most of the actors involved
describe how bad it is
of those comedies that just seem like a bad idea from frame one
a word : disappointment .
Pumpkin takes an admirable look at the hypocrisy of political correctness , but it does so with such an uneven tone that you never know when humor ends and tragedy begins .
Quiet
freshened up by the dunce of a Screenwriting 101 class ... Designed to provide a mix of smiles and tears , '' Crossroads '' instead provokes
is practically over before it begins
is practically over before it begins .
is pretty cheesy
is pretty miserable , resorting to string-pulling rather than legitimate character development and intelligent
is pretty miserable , resorting to string-pulling rather than legitimate character development and intelligent plotting
the big screen postcard that is a self-glorified Martin Lawrence lovefest
vapid and
the ` Are we a sick society
extraordinary strength and laser-beam eyes , which unfortunately do n't enable them to discern flimsy screenplays
extended cheap
There may have been a good film in `` Trouble Every Day , ''
proved too difficult a text to ` lick , ' despite the efforts of a first-rate cast .
proved too difficult a text to ` lick , ' despite the efforts of a first-rate cast
proved too difficult
prove more distressing
prove that ` zany ' does n't necessarily mean ` funny
There may have been a good film in `` Trouble Every Day , '' but
virtually unwatchable
Bad beyond belief and ridiculous beyond description .
Bad beyond belief and ridiculous beyond description
Bad beyond belief and
Bad beyond belief
Bad and baffling from the get-go .
Bad and baffling from the get-go
culture shock and a refusal
The actors are appealing , but Elysian Fields is idiotic and absurdly sentimental
-- but never less than pure wankery .
Festers in just such a dungpile that you 'd swear you
Filled with low-brow humor , gratuitous violence and a disturbing disregard
like a film so cold and dead
like a glossy melodrama that occasionally verges on camp .
like a great missed opportunity
like a highbrow , low-key , 102-minute infomercial
like a half-baked stand-up routine
like a highbrow , low-key , 102-minute infomercial , blending entrepreneurial zeal with the testimony of satisfied customers
like a highbrow , low-key , 102-minute infomercial ,
are attached to the concept of loss
persnickety preteens
weighs no more than a glass of flat champagne .
The actors try hard but come off too amateurish and awkward
's now coming true ' bad
's nothing so striking or fascinating or metaphorically significant about his career as to rate two hours of our attention .
's nothing so striking or fascinating or metaphorically significant about his career as to rate two hours of our attention
's nothing so striking or fascinating or metaphorically significant about his career
's nothing provocative about this film save for the ways in which it studiously avoids provoking thought .
's nothing provocative about this film save for the ways in which it studiously avoids provoking thought
's nothing provocative about this film
's nothing here you have n't seen before .
's of the quality of a lesser Harrison Ford movie - Six Days , Seven Nights , maybe , or that dreadful Sabrina remake .
's of the quality of a lesser Harrison Ford movie - Six Days , Seven Nights , maybe , or that dreadful Sabrina remake
leading to a tragedy which is somehow guessable from the first few minutes , maybe because it echoes the by now intolerable morbidity of so many recent movies
leaden and dull
leaden script
The band performances featured in Drumline are red hot ... ( but ) from a mere story point of view , the film 's ice cold
banal as the telling
barely give a thought to the folks who prepare and deliver it
particular , anciently demanding métier
too abundant
too bad
ultimately succumbs to cliches and pat storytelling
too dark
too bad kramer could n't make a guest appearance to liven things up .
There is nothing redeeming about this movie .
There is only so much baked cardboard I need to chew .
There is no psychology here , and no real narrative logic -- just a series of carefully choreographed atrocities , which become strangely impersonal and abstract .
There is nothing funny in this every-joke-has - been-told-a - thousand-times - before movie .
There is more than one joke about putting the toilet seat down . And that should tell you everything you need to know about All the Queen 's Men .
There is n't one moment in the film that surprises or delights .
, it never seems fresh and vital . It never plays as dramatic even when dramatic things happen to people . It labours as storytelling .
, it misses a major opportunity to be truly revelatory about his psyche .
, it just seems like it does . My only wish is that Celebi could take me back to a time before I saw this movie and I could just skip it .
, it is only mildly amusing when it could have been so much more
just when you think it ca n't get any more gay , in pops Nathan Lane .
any definitive explanation for it would have felt like a cheat
pact to burn the negative and the script and pretend the whole thing never existed
painful as The Grey Zone
padded .
the excruciating End
, bad movie
smelly enough
smell this turkey rotting from miles
smell this turkey rotting from miles away
smell this turkey rotting
are hardly enough .
forgiven . Why he was given free reign over this project
, badly cobbled look
a battle of wills that is impossible to care about and is n't very funny
from the repetitive manifestos that keep getting thrown in people 's faces to the fact Amber is such a joke
from the slowest person in the audience -- just pure slapstick with lots of inane , inoffensive screaming and exaggerated facial expressions
a plotline that 's as lumpy as two-day old porridge ... the filmmakers ' paws , sad to say , were all over this `` un-bear-able '' project !
for the Lifetime cable television network
for the Jerry Springer crowd
, Jane learns her place as a girl , softens up and loses some of the intensity that made her an interesting character to begin with .
, I would have no problem giving it an unqualified recommendation .
, I suspect , would have a hard time sitting through this one .
, Impostor is as close as you can get to an imitation movie .
, In Praise of Love lacks even the most fragmented charms I have found in almost all of his previous works .
, Jackass lacks aspirations of social upheaval .
the expense of cheap-looking monsters
A laughable -- or rather , unlaughable
A laughable --
A laughable -- or rather
A horrible , 99-minute stink bomb .
A laughable -- or rather , unlaughable --
A laughable -- or rather , unlaughable -- excuse for a film
there 's some mold on the gold
feels less
is something of a stiff -- an extra-dry office comedy that seems twice as long as its 83 minutes
is something of a stiff -- an extra-dry office comedy that seems twice as long as its 83 minutes .
is somehow making its way instead to theaters . It 's hard to imagine acting that could be any flatter
is somehow making its way instead to theaters . It 's hard to imagine acting that could be any flatter .
the hallucinatory drug culture
hurting
humourless
humourless and
humourless and dull
require the full emotional involvement and support of a viewer . that is made almost impossible by events that set the plot in motion
represents everything wrong with '' independent film '' as a commodified , sold-out concept on the american filmmaking scene
repellent
repetitive
grim message
green men
grenade
much as distasteful
feels like an after-school special gussied up with some fancy special effects
its cutesy reliance on movie-specific cliches
feels less like a cousin to blade runner than like a bottom-feeder sequel in the escape from new york series .
ready to take off ... the other direction
real clunker
ready-made Eurotrash cult
its failed connections
much anyone can do with a florid , overplotted , Anne Rice rock 'n' roll vampire novel before the built-in silliness of the whole affair defeats them
minac
is confused in Death to Smoochy into something both ugly and mindless .
is confused in Death to Smoochy into something both ugly and mindless
is constantly being interrupted by Elizabeth Hurley in a bathing suit
borrows heavily
might be tempting to regard mr . andrew and his collaborators as oddballs
migraine-inducing
we had to endure last summer , and
over-the-top trash
over-indulgent
over-indulgent tirade
we get a stab at soccer hooliganism , a double-barreled rip-off of Quentin Tarantino 's climactic shootout -- and Meat Loaf explodes .
strolls through this mess with a smug grin ,
too precious at the start and a little too familiar at the end
by African-Americans because of its broad racial insensitivity towards African-Americans
is it hokey
too often spins its wheels with familiar situations and repetitive scenes
too painfully
too polite to scale the lunatic heights of Joe Dante 's similarly styled Gremlins
is in every way inferior to that of John
is in extremely bad taste
takes a clunky tv-movie approach to detailing a chapter in the life of the celebrated irish playwright , poet and drinker
taken
taken the protagonists a full hour to determine that in order to kill a zombie you must shoot it in the head
taken the protagonists a full hour
Evokes the frustration , the awkwardness and the euphoria of growing up , without relying on the usual tropes .
the cliched dialogue
the cliched dialogue rip .
19 predecessors to get THIS
about , but not enough to make this anything more than another big-budget bust
you wish Jacquot had left well enough alone and just filmed the opera without all these distortions of perspective
aborted attempts
in the film , which gives you an idea just how bad it was
in the face and spit in the eye
see Crossroads if they 're not big fans of teen pop kitten Britney Spears
derails the film
depressingly prosaic and dull
derails
depressing ,
depressing , even if you
depressing but
political blair witch ,
political blair witch , a monstrous murk that haunts us precisely because it can never be seen
politics
pompous
poor
Louiso lets the movie dawdle in classic disaffected-indie-film mode , and brother Hoffman 's script stumbles over a late-inning twist that just does n't make sense
Louiso lets the movie dawdle in classic disaffected-indie-film mode , and
Louiso lets the movie dawdle in classic disaffected-indie-film mode , and brother Hoffman 's script stumbles over a late-inning twist that just does n't make sense .
Louiso lets the movie dawdle in classic disaffected-indie-film mode ,
Louiso lets the movie dawdle in classic disaffected-indie-film mode
'' Imitation
, this clunker has somehow managed to pose as an actual feature movie , the kind that charges full admission and gets hyped on TV and purports to amuse small children and ostensible adults .
, there is no real reason to see it . Wait for video -- and then do n't rent it .
, this PG-13-rated piffle is ultimately as threatening as the Snuggle Fabric Softener bear .
, this clever idea is far less funny than the original , Killers From Space .
, this Southern Gothic drama is sadly a tough sit , with an undeveloped narrative and enough flashbacks and heavy-handed metaphors to choke a horse -- or at least slow him down to a canter .
rotting
rotten in the state of California
rotten
rote work and predictable
rotting underbelly
Despite a blue-chip cast and a provocative title
Despite a blue-chip cast and a provocative title , writer-director Peter Mattei 's first feature microwaves dull leftover romantic motifs basted in faux-contemporary gravy .
Despite Auteuil 's performance
Despite Auteuil 's performance , it 's a rather listless amble down the middle of the road , where the thematic ironies are too obvious and the sexual politics too smug .
Desperately unfunny when it tries to makes us laugh and desperately unsuspenseful when it tries to make us jump out of our seats .
n't always easy to look at
so much that he refuses to evaluate his own work
A misogynistic piece of filth that attempts to pass itself off as hip , young adult entertainment
A misogynistic piece of filth that attempts to pass itself off as hip , young adult entertainment .
so overwhelmed by its lack of purpose that it seeks excitement in manufactured high drama
crappola radar
a bus wreck
a by-the-numbers patient\/doctor pic that covers all the usual ground
a by-the-numbers patient\/doctor pic
sucker
so overwrought
when it 's released , and will not be remembered long afterwards
phony imagery or music
Resident Evil is not it
Resident Evil is what comes from taking John Carpenter 's Ghosts of Mars and eliminating the beheadings . In other words , about as bad a film you 're likely to see all year .
Represents the depths to which the girls-behaving-badly film has fallen
Represents the depths to which the girls-behaving-badly film has fallen .
odd , haphazard , and inconsequential romantic
odd and pixilated
any gag that would force you to give it a millisecond of thought
relatively flavorless
relative letdown .
Jason X is this bad on purpose is never clear . But one thing 's for sure
Jaw-droppingly superficial
Jay Russell
Jaw-droppingly superficial , straining to get by on humor that is not even as daring as John Ritter 's glory days on Three 's Company .
the eye candy here lacks considerable brio .
the face and spit in the eye
the face and spit
seem tired and , what 's worse , routine
to risk American scorn
's not very good either
's not very good either .
's not very interesting .
's not very interesting . As a remake , it 's a pale imitation .
's not vintage Spielberg
's nothing interesting in Unfaithful
's nothing interesting in Unfaithful whatsoever
's nothing interesting in Unfaithful whatsoever .
up a cruel reminder of the fate of hundreds of thousands of Chinese , one which can only qualify as a terrible tragedy
up '' to those who talk up what is nothing more than two guys beating the hell outta
Fat
adolescent dirty-joke book
admittedly manipulative
admittedly problematic in its narrative specifics
admit that I am baffled by Jason X
admitted egomaniac
adopt a somewhat mannered tone ... that ultimately dulls the human tragedy at the story 's core
would be impossible to sit through
worse
A woefully dull , redundant concept that bears more than a whiff of exploitation , despite Iwai 's vaunted empathy
A woefully dull , redundant concept that bears more than a whiff of exploitation , despite Iwai 's vaunted empathy .
A woefully dull
A wishy-washy melodramatic movie that shows us plenty of sturm und drung , but explains its characters ' decisions only unsatisfactorily .
A well-intentioned effort that 's still too burdened by the actor 's offbeat sensibilities for the earnest emotional core to emerge with any degree of accessibility .
A wishy-washy melodramatic movie
slide down the slippery slope of dishonesty after an encounter with the rich and the powerful who have nothing but
who staggered from the theater and blacked out in the lobby
who watched the robots getting butchered in A.I.
wears thin
slightly less successful
often contradictory
a rushed , slapdash , sequel-for-the-sake - of-a-sequel with less than half
seems embarrassed
seems embarrassed by his own invention
seems embarrassed by his own invention and
seems embarrassed by his own invention and tries to rush through the intermediary passages , apparently hoping that the audience will not notice the glaring triteness of the plot device
wheezy
the pesky moods of jealousy
running on empty , repeating what he 's already done way too often
would stoop so low
would subtlety be lost on the target audience
would work much better as a video installation in a museum , where viewers would be free to leave
helped give a spark to `` Chasing Amy '' and `` Changing Lanes '' falls flat as thinking man CIA agent Jack Ryan in this summer 's new action film , `` The Sum of All Fears
it 's a boom-box of a movie that might have been titled ` the loud and the ludicrous ' ... the pandering to a moviegoing audience dominated by young males is all too calculated .
it 's a boom-box of a movie that might have been titled ` the loud and the ludicrous ' ... the pandering to a moviegoing audience dominated by young males is all too calculated
no problem
nor as clever
of Afghan tragedies
new ways of describing badness need to be invented to describe exactly how bad it is .
It is n't quite one of the worst movies of the year .
It is n't scary .
It is n't that Stealing Harvard is a horrible movie -- if only it were that grand a failure !
It is supremely unfunny and unentertaining to watch middle-age
The film is about the relationships rather than about the outcome . And
wheezing to an end , along with green 's half-hearted movie career
woozy quality
wooden performances
wondering why these people mattered
wondering -- sometimes amusedly , sometimes impatiently -- just what this strenuously unconventional movie is supposed to be
wonder what anyone saw in this film that allowed it to get made .
wonder what anyone saw in this film that allowed it to get made
wonder if Lawrence hates criticism so much that he refuses to evaluate his own work
Kung Pow seems like some futile concoction that was developed hastily after Oedekerk and his fellow moviemakers got through crashing a college keg party
the film suffers from a simplistic narrative and a pat , fairy-tale conclusion .
the film to drag on for nearly three hours
this mess
this meaningless downer
this load of junk
this load
this likable movie is n't more accomplished . The actors try hard but come off too amateurish and awkward
this might have made a decent children 's movie -- if only Benigni had n't insisted on casting himself in the title role .
the title of ugliest movie of the year
should never have been brought out of hibernation
remains is a variant of the nincompoop benigni persona
it 's a tad slow
it 's a sitcom without the snap-crackle .
it 's a rather listless amble down the middle of the road , where the thematic ironies are too obvious and the sexual politics too smug .
it 's a pretty mediocre family film .
it 's about teenagers , than it was written by teenagers
it 's about as exciting as a sunburn
it 's all bad .
just pure slapstick with lots of inane , inoffensive screaming and exaggerated facial expressions
just repulsive
just say the ingredients do n't quite add up to a meal
just seem like a bad idea from frame one
peculiarly venomous )
just stuff . Watching Scarlet Diva , one is poised for titillation , raw insight or both . Instead , we just get messy anger , a movie as personal therapy
just tired
peculiarly venomous
sporadic bursts of liveliness , some so-so slapstick
accepting a 50-year-old in the role is creepy in a Michael Jackson sort of way .
bludgeon
Unsurprisingly
Unsurprisingly , the way this all works out makes the women look more like stereotypical caretakers and moral teachers , instead of serious athletes .
, Jacquot takes a slightly anarchic approach that works only sporadically .
, I was looking for something hard with which to bludgeon myself unconscious .
, Lan Yu never catches dramatic fire .
, John , in the movie , is a rather dull person to be stuck with for two hours .
Get in the car , bitch , ' this Jerry Bruckheimer production has little else to offer
to a mix of The Shining , The Thing , and any naked teenagers horror flick
to a dumb story
You see Robin Williams and psycho killer ,
You wonder why Enough was n't just a music video rather than a full-length movie .
You see Robin Williams and psycho killer , and you think , hmmmmm . You see the movie and you think , zzzzzzzzz
You see Robin Williams and psycho killer , and you think , hmmmmm . You see the movie and you think , zzzzzzzzz .
You would be better off investing in the worthy EMI recording that serves as the soundtrack , or the home video of the 1992 Malfitano-Domingo production .
to Wilde 's own vision of a pure comedy with absolutely no meaning , and no desire
fishy
should shame Americans , regardless of whether or not ultimate blame
of rancid , well-intentioned , but shamelessly manipulative movie making
It does n't believe in itself , it has no sense of humor ... it 's just plain bored .
As an entertainment destination for the general public , Kung Pow sets a new benchmark for lameness .
It does n't quite deserve the gong , but there are more fascinating acts than `` Confessions of a Dangerous Mind
prove too convoluted
Needs more impressionistic cinematography and exhilarating point-of-view shots and fewer slow-motion ` grandeur ' shots and quick-cut edits that often detract from the athleticism .
Neither as scary-funny as Tremors nor
Neither as scary-funny as Tremors
Neither as scary-funny as Tremors nor demented-funny as Starship Troopers , the movie is n't tough to take as long as you 've paid a matinee price .
Neither revelatory nor truly edgy -- merely crassly flamboyant and comedically labored .
huge sacrifice
compensate for the movie 's failings
, ( Ahola ) has a wooden delivery and encounters a substantial arc of change that does n't produce any real transformation .
, Adam Sandler 's cartoon about Hanukkah is numbingly bad , Little Nicky bad , 10 Worst List bad .
, All the Queen 's Men is finally just one long drag .
, Altar Boys requires a taste for Swamp Thing-type animation , doubled with a deafening score .
, Amari 's film falls short in building the drama of Lilia 's journey .
Every sequel you skip will be two hours gained . Consider this review life-affirming .
Every sequel you skip will be two hours gained .
Spy-vs . - spy action flick with Antonio Banderas and Lucy Liu never comes together .
Spy-vs . - spy action flick with Antonio Banderas and Lucy Liu never comes together
passable entertainment
Staggers
Squandering his opportunity to make absurdist observations , Burns gets caught up in the rush of slapstick thoroughfare .
Squandering his opportunity to make absurdist observations
Squandering
recommend waiting for DVD and just skipping straight to her scenes
whether random gags add up to a movie
discloses almost nothing
discloses almost nothing .
discover that the answer is as conventional as can be
the book 's irreverent energy , and scotches most
of dumb drug jokes and predictable slapstick
Dodgy mixture
Dodgy
Do we really need another film that praises female self-sacrifice ?
Do n't say you were n't warned
I ca n't shake the thought that Undercover Brother missed an opportunity to strongly present some profound social commentary
I ca n't begin to tell you how tedious , how resolutely unamusing , how thoroughly unrewarding all of this is , and what a reckless squandering of four fine acting talents ...
cigarette smoke
cinematic disaster
The question hanging over The Time Machine is not , as the main character suggests , ` what if ? ' but rather , ` How can you charge money for this ? '
The redeeming feature of Chan 's films has always been the action , but the stunts in The Tuxedo seem tired and , what 's worse , routine
The rest runs from mildly unimpressive to despairingly awful
The redeeming feature of Chan 's films has always been the action , but the stunts in The Tuxedo seem tired and , what 's worse , routine .
so tedious it makes the silly spy vs
so sloppy , so uneven , so damn unpleasant
so solidly connect with one demographic while striking out with another
so stupid
could very well clinch him this year 's Razzie
could very well clinch him this year 's Razzie .
Lends itself to the narcotizing bland ( sinister , though not nearly so sinister as the biennial Disney girl movie ) machinations of the biennial Disney boy movie
a marquee , especially when the payoff is an unschooled comedy like Stealing Harvard , which fails to keep 80 minutes from seeming like 800
most hard-hearted cynics
allegedly `` inspired '' was a lot funnier
allowed to use the word `` new '' in its title
allowed to use the word `` new '' in its title , because there 's not an original character , siuation or joke in the entire movie
of a culture in conflict
of a chafing inner loneliness and desperate grandiosity that tend to characterize puberty
stay in the shadow of its two older , more accessible Qatsi siblings
stay in the past : a lesson this film teaches all too well
of a giant misplaced ashtray
What Antwone Fisher is n't , however , is original
What Antwone Fisher is n't , however , is original .
What Madonna does here ca n't properly be called acting -- more accurately , it 's moving and
What Madonna does here ca n't properly be called acting -- more accurately , it 's moving and it 's talking and it 's occasionally gesturing , sometimes all at once
torture and
crippled children
crime expertly
relegated to a dark video store corner
relentlessly depressing
An effectively creepy
tragedy
I blame all men for war , '' ( the warden 's daughter ) tells her father . The movie is about as deep as that sentiment .
though it is as tedious as one
though if ever a movie needed one of the actor 's whiny jags to pump it up , this has to be among the rare ones
sad picture
An overemphatic ,
perfectly bland
The name says it all . Jackass is a vulgar and cheap-looking version of Candid Camera staged for the Marquis de Sade set .
the end result does no justice to the story itself
the effective horror elements are dampened through familiarity , ( yet )
the empty theatres
The mystery of Enigma is how a rich historical subject , combined with so much first-rate talent ... could have yielded such a flat , plodding picture .
sham truths
In exactly 89 minutes , most of which passed as slowly as if I 'd been sitting naked on an igloo
In exactly 89 minutes , most of which passed as slowly as if I 'd been sitting naked on an igloo , Formula 51 sank from quirky to jerky to utter turkey .
died a matter of weeks
shamefully strolls through this mess with a smug grin , inexplicably wearing a kilt and carrying a bag of golf clubs over one shoulder .
the lesson , in the end , is nothing new
without a trace of sentimentality
the lazy people behind the camera as well
the lead actor phones in his autobiographical performance
the latrine
's no conversion effort
the lazy people
shameless and
milks drama when she should be building suspense
has its moments of swaggering camaraderie , but more often just feels generic , derivative and done to death
be lost on the target audience
has its charming quirks and its dull spots .
six different movies fighting each other for attention
skates blithely from one implausible situation to another
sham actor workshops
The biggest problem with Satin Rouge is Lilia herself .
The best way to hope for any chance of enjoying this film
that it 's offensive , but that it 's boring
that it 's offensive , but
that it 's a crime movie made by someone who obviously knows nothing about crime
that it 's a brazenly misguided project
that it 's boring
that it 's hard to take her spiritual quest at all seriously
that it 's offensive ,
that it 's offensive
who do n't object to the description `` unelected ''
cut to a new scene , which also appears to be the end .
cut to a new scene , which also appears to be the end
As conceived by Mr. Schaeffer , Christopher and Grace are little more than collections of quirky traits lifted from a screenwriter 's outline and thrown at actors charged with the impossible task of making them jell .
of them verge on the bizarre as the film winds down
Sex ironically has little to do with the story , which becomes something about how lame it is to try and evade your responsibilities and that you should never , ever , leave a large dog alone with a toddler .
Several uninteresting , unlikeable people do bad things to and with each other in `` Unfaithful . ''
sabotaged
sabotaged by ticking time bombs and other Hollywood-action cliches
sabotaged by the story 's inability to create interest
sabotages
Shadyac shoots his film like an M. Night Shyamalan movie , and he frequently maintains the same snail 's pace
be influenced chiefly by humanity 's greatest shame
little sticky and unsatisfied
Undone by its overly complicated and derivative screenplay , the glacier-paced direction and the stereotypical characters .
Undone by its overly complicated and derivative screenplay , the glacier-paced direction and the stereotypical characters
little propaganda film
Undone
Undercover Brother does n't go far enough . It 's just a silly black genre spoof .
Undercover Brother does n't go far enough .
little of our emotional investment
shameless and coarse
akin to an act of cinematic penance
Roman Coppola 's brief pretentious period
in all of their pity and terror
watched the brainless insanity of No Such Thing with mounting disbelief
watched the brainless insanity of No Such Thing with mounting disbelief .
watched the brainless insanity of No Such Thing
in nearly every scene
in need of polishing
in on how bad the movie is
less-than-magic kingdom
little more than live-action cartoons
of the arrogant '' if we put together a wry white man and a chatty black man and give them guns , the movie will be funny ''
of teen-speak and animal gibberish
There 's too much falseness to the second half ,
That chirpy songbird Britney Spears has popped up with more mindless drivel
That sure is funny ! B . ) That sure is pathetic
That sure is pathetic
There are a few laughs and clever sight gags scattered about , but not enough to make this anything more than another big-budget bust .
There are films that try the patience of even the most cinema-besotted critic -- and this was one of them .
it feels like a suicide race
it falls short
it fails to lend the characters ' individual stories enough dramatic resonance to make us care about them .
it fails to walk the silly walk that distinguishes the merely quirky from the surreal
it gets ever so wrong
it gets so tangled up in The Twist that it chokes the energy right out of the very audience it seeks to frighten .
do n't give a damn
do n't fit well together
do n't add up to a whole lot of sense
do much stalking
do n't feel enough of an attachment to these guys to care one way or another
do n't demand a standard of quality for the art that we choose
almost saves the movie
the price of admission for the ridicule factor
bad in a major movie
bad it does n't improve upon the experience of staring at a blank screen
depressed about anything before watching this film
bad enough to repulse any generation of its fans
bad hair design
bad imitation
bad improvisation exercise
this gory , perverted , sex-soaked riff
this gory , perverted , sex-soaked
this is a particularly toxic little bonbon , palatable to only a chosen and very jaundiced few .
this is a particularly toxic little bonbon , palatable to only a chosen and very jaundiced few
be most effective if used as a tool to rally anti-Catholic protestors
ca n't see how insufferable the character is
ca n't save the script , rooted in a novel by Joseph Finder , from some opportunism .
ca n't recommend it
ca n't recommend anything but a rental for The Tuxedo
ca n't save itself from being unoriginal , unfunny and unrecommendable
the prime sports cliche
the film opens with maggots crawling on a dead dog
come close to the level of intelligence and visual splendour that can be seen in other films
, better look elsewhere .
come across like nothing more
come across like nothing more than a glorified Nike ad
come as no surprise that the movie is n't scary
come away hating the second one
The most surprising thing about this film is that they are actually releasing it into theaters .
, at times confusing ,
The movie 's biggest shocks come from seeing former nymphette Juliette Lewis playing a salt-of-the-earth mommy named Minnie and watching Slim travel incognito in a ridiculous wig no respectable Halloween costume shop would ever try to sell .
a deadly bore
extended dialogue exercise
a dead man
convoluted plot
cookie-cutter action scenes
lesser Harrison Ford movie
never quite makes the grade as tawdry trash .
never quite gets there
a dull girl
never materializes
never knows when to let a gag die
never quite gets over its rather lopsided conception
never percolates beyond a monotonous whine .
abandon the theater
abject suffering
abject
argue with anyone who calls ` Slackers ' dumb , insulting , or childish
are worth the price of admission ... if '' gory mayhem '' is your idea of a good time
be more like hell
Fincher takes no apparent joy in making movies , and he gives none to the audience
coulda been better , but it coulda
Dead
when a film 's star spends the entirety of the film in a coma
worst titles
Action Man cliché atop wooden dialogue
Action Man cliché
Acting , particularly by Tambor , almost makes `` Never Again '' worthwhile , but ( writer\/director ) Schaeffer should follow his titular advice
Ace Ventura ' rip-off
Liotta is put in an impossible spot because his character 's deceptions ultimately undo him and the believability of the entire scenario . Too bad
Extreme Ops '' was obviously made for the `` XXX '' crowd , people who enjoy mindless action without the benefit of decent acting , writing , and direction .
upfront that the plot makes no sense
that they drain all the film of its energy
be used as analgesic balm for overstimulated minds .
be too narrow to attract crossover viewers
be themselves
be thinking of 51 ways to leave this loser
, harmless diversion and little else .
throws in too many conflicts to keep the story compelling
, haphazard script
We do n't get paid enough to sit through crap like this .
We can tell what it is supposed to be , but ca n't really call it a work of art .
Would that Greengrass had gone a tad less for grit and a lot more for intelligibility
Would Benigni 's Italian Pinocchio have been any easier to sit through than this hastily dubbed disaster ?
Would Benigni 's Italian Pinocchio have been any easier to sit through than this hastily dubbed disaster
Would n't it be funny if a bunch of Allied soldiers went undercover as women in a German factory during World War II ? Um , no . But here 's a movie about it anyway .
Would n't it be funny if a bunch of Allied soldiers went undercover as women in a German factory during World War II ? Um , no . But here 's a movie about it anyway
a train wreck of an action film --
a train wreck of an action film -- a stupefying attempt by the filmmakers to force-feed James Bond into the mindless XXX mold and throw 40 years of cinematic history down the toilet in favor of bright flashes and loud bangs
ca n't accuse Kung Pow for misfiring , since it is exactly what it wants to be : an atrociously , mind-numbingly , indescribably bad movie
by which All the Queen 's Men is allegedly `` inspired '' was a lot funnier and more deftly enacted than what 's been cobbled together onscreen
ca n't compare to the wit , humor and snappy dialogue of the original
ca n't accuse Kung Pow for misfiring , since it is exactly what it wants to be : an atrociously , mind-numbingly , indescribably bad movie .
takes few chances and manages to insult the intelligence of everyone in the audience
takes no apparent joy in making movies
takes no apparent joy
takes place in a fantasy world where people in hotel hallways recite poetry in voice-over instead of speaking to each other
takes some rather unexpected ( even , at times , preposterous ) turns
, he 's really bad
a travesty of the genre
sickening thud
sickening , sidesplitting
sick humor
, he makes Arnold Schwarzenegger look like Spencer Tracy
shtick
shrugging off the plot 's persnickety problems
Collateral Damage is , despite its alleged provocation post-9 \ \/ 11 , an antique , in the end . As are its star , its attitude and its obliviousness .
Collateral Damage paints an absurdly simplistic picture .
Collateral Damage seem like thoughtful treatises
Of The Damned is a pointless , meandering celebration of the goth-vampire , tortured woe-is-me lifestyle .
Goodfellas that serves as a muddled and offensive cautionary tale for Hispanic Americans
, he loses the richness of characterization that makes his films so memorable
Scherfig , who has had a successful career in TV , tackles more than she can handle .
's clotted with heavy-handed symbolism , dime-store psychology and endless scenic shots that make 105 minutes seem twice as long .
's clotted with heavy-handed symbolism , dime-store psychology and endless scenic shots that make 105 minutes seem twice as long
's difficult to shrug off the annoyance of that chatty fish
's difficult to tell who the other actors in the movie are
squashed
squandered the opportunity ,
squandered the opportunity , using it as a prop for warmed-over melodrama and the kind of choreographed mayhem that director John Woo has built his career on
squandered
squandered the opportunity
can practically see the Hollywood ` suits ' trying to put together the cast and filmmaking team for the all-too - inevitable American remake
followers of the whole dead-undead genre , who deserve more from a vampire pic than a few shrieky special effects
than collections of quirky traits lifted from a screenwriter 's outline and thrown at actors charged with the impossible task of making them jell
woozy
'm not suggesting that you actually see it , unless you 're the kind of person who has seen every Wim Wenders film of the '70s
'm not sure these words have ever been together in the same sentence
'm not sure which half of Dragonfly is worse : The part where nothing 's happening , or the part where something 's happening
has stopped challenging himself
has such an irrepressible passion for sappy situations and dialogue
has some unnecessary parts and is kinda wrong in places
has some unnecessary parts
has some unnecessary parts and
is as appalling as any ` comedy ' to ever spill from a projector 's lens
It 's not just the vampires that are damned in Queen of the Damned --
It 's not just the vampires that are damned in Queen of the Damned
It 's not just the vampires that are damned in Queen of the Damned -- the viewers will feel they suffer the same fate .
It 's not just the vampires that are damned in Queen of the Damned -- the viewers will feel they suffer the same fate
It 's not horrible , just horribly mediocre .
It 's not even a TV special you 'd bother watching past the second commercial break
this like the dreaded King Brown snake
wants to be a suspenseful horror movie or a weepy melodrama
wanting to abandon the theater
wants to be a retro-refitting exercise in campy recall for older fans or a silly , Nickelodeon-esque kiddie flick
wants desperately to come off as a fanciful film about the typical problems of average people
collapses into an inhalant blackout
cold-hearted snake Petrovich
collapses like an overcooked soufflé
collapses like an overcooked soufflé .
collapses into an inhalant blackout , maintaining consciousness just long enough to achieve callow pretension
collapses when Mr . Taylor tries to shift the tone to a thriller 's rush .
squeeze the action and our emotions into the all-too-familiar dramatic arc of the Holocaust escape story
particularly amateurish episode
significant harm and not smelly enough to bother despising
of saying that piffle is all that the airhead movie business deserves from him right now
of scene-chewing , teeth-gnashing actorliness
of scorn
vulgar as
This is the case of a pregnant premise being wasted by a script that takes few chances and manages to insult the intelligence of everyone in the audience .
This is so bad .
This is not the undisputed worst boxing movie ever , but it 's certainly not a champion - the big loser is the audience .
This is not the undisputed worst boxing movie ever , but it 's certainly not a champion -
This is not the undisputed worst boxing movie ever , but it 's certainly not a champion - the big loser is the audience
This is not the undisputed worst boxing movie ever , but
dull-witted and disquietingly
dull-witted and
dull leftover romantic motifs basted in faux-contemporary gravy
dull-witted
dull thriller
dull and pretentious
dull and
dull in stretches
dull and pretentious to be engaging
hazy motivations
hazy motivations that never come into focus
having the feel of something tossed off quickly ( like one of Hubert 's punches )
buffoonery can tickle many a preschooler 's fancy , but when it costs a family of four about $ 40 to see a film in theaters , why spend money on a dog like this when you can rent a pedigree instead ?
geeks and historians
pushiness and decibel
pushiness and decibel volume
pushiness
Returning aggressively to his formula of dimwitted comedy and even dimmer characters
Remember when Bond had more glamour than clamor ? No more .
if it stuck to Betty Fisher and left out the other stories
feels more like Lyne 's stolid remake of '' Lolita ''
feels limited by its short running time
feels like very light Errol Morris , focusing on eccentricity but failing , ultimately , to make something bigger out of its scrapbook of oddballs .
feels like very light Errol Morris , focusing on eccentricity but failing , ultimately , to make something bigger out of its scrapbook of oddballs
feels like three hours
feels more like the pilot episode of a TV series than a feature film
feels more like the pilot episode of a TV series
a fascinating curiosity piece -- fascinating , that is , for about ten minutes . After that it becomes long and tedious like a classroom
a fast fade
a fascinating curiosity piece -- fascinating , that is , for about ten minutes . After that it becomes long and tedious like a classroom play in a college history course .
images you wish you had n't seen
three words : Thumbs Friggin ' Down
but fails to keep it up and settles into clichés .
disappointing to a certain degree
- spy action flick with Antonio Banderas and Lucy Liu never comes together .
quieter domestic scenes
quietly suggesting the sadness and obsession beneath Hearst 's forced avuncular chortles
Feels like pieces a bunch of other , better movies slapped together .
is derivative
Feels strangely hollow at its emotional core
disgusting source material
disguised as comedy
disgusting in the manner
disguise the fact that , really , we 've been here , done that
disguise the emptiness at the center of the story
disgracefully written dialogue
the sort of bitter old crank who sits behind his light meter and harangues the supposed injustices of the artistic world-at-large
let-down
to see a movie that takes such a speedy swan dive from '' promising '' to '' interesting '' to '' familiar '' before landing squarely on '' stupid ''
the narcotizing bland ( sinister , though not nearly so sinister as the biennial Disney girl movie ) machinations of the biennial Disney boy movie
the standards of knucklehead swill
turns the Marquis de Sade into a dullard
turns the stomach
turns out to be affected and boring
far too self-conscious
far too clunky
far too clunky , didactic and
far too clunky , didactic and saddled with scenes that seem simply an ill fit
far too clunky ,
far too clunky , didactic
On its own staggeringly unoriginal terms
, it 's also somewhat clumsy .
, it 's contrived and predictable
, it 's a taunt - a call for justice for two crimes from which many of us have not yet recovered .
, it 's far too slight and introspective to appeal to anything wider than a niche audience .
It 's drab . It 's uninteresting . It squanders Chan 's uniqueness ; it could even be said to squander Jennifer Love Hewitt !
It 's drab . It 's uninteresting .
It 's drab . It 's uninteresting . It squanders Chan 's uniqueness
It 's drab . It 's uninteresting . It squanders Chan 's uniqueness ;
It 's drab . It 's uninteresting . It squanders Chan 's uniqueness ; it could even be said to squander Jennifer Love Hewitt
The movie has a script ( by Paul Pender ) made of wood , and it 's relentlessly folksy , a procession of stagy set pieces stacked with binary oppositions .
are of course stultifyingly contrived and too stylized by half .
are names to remember , in order to avoid them in the future .
are more harmless pranksters than political activists .
are names to remember , in order to avoid them in the future
littered with celluloid garbage
little , apart from raising the topic , to further stoke the conversation
The filmmakers needed more emphasis on the storytelling and less on the glamorous machine that thrusts the audience into a future they wo n't much care about .
in between the most impossibly dry account of Kahlo 's life imaginable
in bone-crushing screwups
you 'd be wise to send your regrets
you were n't invited to the party
the imaginary sport it projects onto the screen -- loud , violent and mindless
you were at home watching that movie instead of in the theater watching this one
substitute volume and primary colors for humor and bite
the improperly hammy performance
The movie has a script ( by Paul Pender ) made of wood , and it 's relentlessly folksy , a procession of stagy set pieces stacked with binary oppositions
my own watch had stopped keeping time as I slogged my way through Clockstoppers
my own deathbed for a while
my long-suffering eyeballs
my indignant , preemptive departure
To call this film a lump of coal
you turn stupid ? '' Um ... is n't that the basis for the entire plot
Did we really need a remake of `` Charade
Diesel is n't the actor to save it .
Did we really need a remake of `` Charade ? ''
Did we really need a remake of `` Charade ?
they do n't like it
they could n't have done in half an hour
its awkward structure and a final veering
its awkward structure and
its brain is a little scattered -- ditsy , even .
rewarded by a script that assumes you are n't very bright
As social exposé , Skins has its heart in the right place , but that 's not much to hang a soap opera on
As it abruptly crosscuts among the five friends , it fails to lend the characters ' individual stories enough dramatic resonance to make us care about them .
As the latest bid in the TV-to-movie franchise game , I Spy makes its big-screen entry with little of the nervy originality of its groundbreaking small-screen progenitor .
Mandel Holland 's direction is uninspired , and
Mandel Holland 's direction is uninspired ,
Mandel Holland 's direction is uninspired
Mandel Holland 's direction is uninspired , and his scripting unsurprising , but the performances by Phifer and Black are ultimately winning . You 'll find yourself wishing that you and they were in another movie
Mandel Holland 's direction is uninspired , and his scripting unsurprising , but
Mandel Holland 's direction is uninspired , and his scripting unsurprising ,
Mandel Holland 's direction is uninspired , and his scripting unsurprising
Fluffy and disposible .
the CGI Scooby might well be the worst special-effects creation of the year
need not apply
neglected film
neglected
Legally Blonde and Sweet Home Abomination
-- worst of all --
breaks no new ground
visually unattractive , unbearably loud
visually unattractive , unbearably loud and
tries too hard to be funny and tries too hard to be hip .
Parker can not sustain the buoyant energy level of the film 's city beginnings into its country conclusion '
visually drab
Seemingly disgusted with the lazy material and the finished product 's unshapely look , director Fisher Stevens inexplicably dips key moments from the film in Waking Life water colors .
Seemingly disgusted with the lazy material and the finished product 's unshapely look
with calamity
Seems content to dog-paddle in the mediocre end of the pool
It does n't believe in itself , it has no sense of humor
Seemingly a vehicle to showcase the Canadian 's inane ramblings , Stealing Harvard is a smorgasbord of soliloquies about nothing delivered by the former Mr . Drew Barrymore .
Seemingly a vehicle to showcase the Canadian 's inane ramblings
like any of these despicable characters
a splash when it 's released , and will not be remembered long afterwards
seems just a long , convoluted ploy to get men into drag
seems just a long , convoluted ploy to get men into drag -- period drag , no less
seems a prostituted muse ...
seems just a long , convoluted ploy
utterly predictable
utterly predictable and completely void
utter lack
episodic choppiness , undermining the story 's emotional thrust
utter turkey
utter nonsense
's not a bad premise , just a bad movie .
's no plot in this Antonio Banderas-Lucy Liu faceoff . It 's still terrible
's no good answer to that one .
's no point in extracting the bare bones of Byatt 's plot for purposes of bland Hollywood romance .
's no point in extracting the bare bones of Byatt 's plot for purposes of bland Hollywood romance
's no point of view , no contemporary interpretation of Joan 's prefeminist plight
's not a bad premise , just a bad movie
's a great deal of sizzle and very little steak
's a great deal of sizzle and very little steak .
lazier
laziness and arrogance
lazy plotting
with strangeness than excellence
with such atmospheric ballast that shrugging off the plot 's persnickety problems
in a way that 's too loud , too goofy and too short of an attention span
in aimless , arduous , and arbitrary
in all the wrong places
in almost every possible way -- from the writing and direction to the soggy performances -- tossed off
's only so much anyone can do with a florid , overplotted , Anne Rice rock 'n' roll vampire novel before the built-in silliness of the whole affair defeats them
leave everyone else yawning with admiration
Topics that could make a sailor blush
Tony Gayton 's script does n't give us anything we have n't seen before ,
Tony Gayton 's script does n't give us anything we have n't seen before , but
has a tired , talky feel
has a tired , talky feel .
self-hatred and
I am baffled by Jason X.
suicide attempts and tragic deaths .
suicide attempts and tragic deaths
suicide race
suggests the overtime someone put in to come up with an irritatingly unimaginative retread concept
suggests that the Bond franchise has run into a creative wall that 007 can not fly over
that cold-hearted snake petrovich ( that would be reno ) gets his comeuppance . just bring on the battle bots , please
that could easily wait for your pay per view dollar
that covers our deepest , media-soaked fears
that does n't merit it
Bray is completely at sea ; with nothing but a Savage Garden music video on his resume , he has no clue about making a movie
crass-a-thons
crass marketing
crass and forgettable
crashing and banging where the salesmanship ends
cranked out on an assembly line to see if stupid Americans will get a kick out of goofy Brits with cute accents performing ages-old slapstick and unfunny tricks
crawled towards my long-suffering eyeballs
crawled
a low-budget series on a UHF channel
a low-budget series
a lower I . Q . than when I had entered
a lower I . Q .
a lower I . Q
meandering teen flick
meandering and pointless French coming-of-age import from writer-director Anne-Sophie Birot
meandering and pointless French coming-of-age import
Boyd 's screenplay ( co-written with Guardian hack Nick Davies ) has a florid turn of phrase that owes more to Guy Ritchie than the Bard of Avon .
it seems a disappointingly thin slice of lower-class London life ; despite the title ... amounts to surprisingly little .
it seeks to frighten
it reveals the filmmaker 's bottomless pit of self-absorption .
it repeatedly puts a small child in jeopardy , treating her as little more than a prop to be cruelly tormented
it seems to take itself far more seriously .
it seems to me the film is about the art of ripping people off without ever letting them consciously know you have done so
it seems to lack substance
it seems to be on auto-pilot
it should be profound , and hyper-cliched where it should be sincere
than typical documentary footage which hurts the overall impact of the film
stroke
is little else to recommend '' Never Again .
is little else to recommend '' Never Again . ''
too long , too cutesy , too sure of its own importance
to the most painfully marginal lives
too long , too cutesy , too sure of its own importance ,
too long , too cutesy , too sure of its own importance , and
`` Bad '' is the operative word for `` Bad Company
`` Bad '' is the operative word for `` Bad Company , ''
`` Bad '' is the operative word for `` Bad Company ,
`` Bad '' is the operative word for `` Bad Company , '' and I do n't mean that in a good way
`` Ballistic : Ecks vs. Sever '' seems as safe as a children 's film .
too long has ignored
, almost generic
is like sitting in a downtown café , overhearing a bunch of typical late-twenty-somethings natter on about nothing , and desperately wishing you could change tables
, and as easy to be bored by as your ABC 's
is like sitting in a downtown café , overhearing a bunch of typical late-twenty-somethings natter on about nothing , and desperately wishing you could change tables .
, and as easy to be bored by as your ABC 's ,
it faded from my memory
for cinematic disaster
, and at times endearing , humorous , spooky , educational , but at other times as bland as a block of snow .
insultingly inept and artificial examination
about the film tanks
nothing
nothing denis has made before , like beau travil and nenette et boni , could prepare us for this gory , perverted , sex-soaked riff on the cannibal genre .
nothing denis has made before , like beau travil and nenette et boni , could prepare us for this gory , perverted , sex-soaked riff on the cannibal genre
nothing funny in this every-joke-has - been-told-a - thousand-times - before movie
nothing funny
obvious political
obvious
obscurity
obsolete , if irritating ,
obsolete
an overripe episode of TV 's Dawson 's Creek and
an overripe episode of TV 's Dawson 's Creek
trained to live out and carry on their parents ' anguish
Writer-director Randall Wallace has bitten off more than he or anyone else could chew ,
an overall sense of brusqueness
an overexposed waste of film
an overexposed waste
an overly-familiar set
see who can out-bad-act the other
see why people thought I was too hard on `` The Mothman Prophecies ''
distinctive discourse
cold , grey , antiseptic and emotionally desiccated
distasteful and downright creepy
Apparently kissing leads to suicide attempts and tragic deaths . Marisa Tomei is good , but Just A Kiss is just a mess
Apallingly absurd ... the chemistry or lack thereof between Newton and Wahlberg could turn an Imax theater into a 9 '' black and white portable TV .
Apallingly absurd
has dulled your senses faster and deeper than any recreational drug on the market
Apparently reassembled from the cutting-room floor of any given daytime soap
Apparently kissing leads to suicide attempts and tragic deaths . Marisa Tomei is good , but Just A Kiss is just a mess .
the movie 's narrative hook is way too muddled to be an effectively chilling guilty pleasure
can do even more damage
can disguise the fact that the new film is a lame kiddie flick and that Carvey 's considerable talents are wasted in it
can disguise the fact that the new film is a lame kiddie flick and that Carvey 's considerable talents are wasted in it .
nothing but boilerplate clichés
can be numbing . Proof of this is Ballistic : Ecks vs . Sever
nothing but boilerplate clichés from start
can drive right by it without noticing anything special , save for a few comic turns , intended and otherwise
cold fish
cold and wet like I was out in the Seattle drizzle without rainwear
as its uncanny tale of love , communal discord , and justice
is as blasphemous and nonsensical as a Luis Buñuel film without the latter 's attendant intelligence , poetry , passion , and genius
Believability was n't one of the film 's virtues .
Plotless collection of moronic stunts is by far the worst movie of the year .
None of this is meaningful or memorable , but frosting is n't , either , and
None of this is meaningful or memorable ,
None of this is meaningful or memorable , but
None of this is meaningful or memorable , but frosting is n't , either
assures that the pocket monster movie franchise is nearly ready to keel over
None of this is meaningful or memorable
you 'll find in this dreary mess .
as the queasy-stomached critic who staggered from the theater and blacked out in the lobby
a 90-minute movie that feels five hours long
a 76-minute commercial
a Bond movie is quite like calling a dog stupid
a Bolly-Holly masala mess
Stitch is a bad mannered , ugly and destructive little \*\*\*\* .
shoot on grungy video , giving the whole thing a dirty , tasteless feel
Extreme Oops - oops
Extreme Oops - oops , ops , no matter how you spell it , it 's still a mistake to go see it .
Extreme Ops '' was obviously made for the '' XXX ''
Extremely boring
Extremely confusing
shorn of social insight , intellectual pretension and cinematic interest
Exhibits the shallow sensationalism characteristic of soap opera ...
Exhibits the shallow sensationalism characteristic of soap opera
Excruciatingly unfunny and pitifully unromantic .
Excruciatingly unfunny and pitifully unromantic
Excruciatingly unfunny and
Excruciatingly unfunny
Excruciatingly
Exhibits the shallow sensationalism characteristic of soap opera ... more salacious telenovela than serious drama
Stephen Earnhart 's documentary is a decomposition of healthy eccentric inspiration and ambition -- wearing a cloak of unsentimental , straightforward text -- when it 's really an exercise in gross romanticization of the delusional personality type .
lines that feel like long soliloquies
limpid and conventional historical fiction
lingering death
lingering creepiness one
limpid and
larded
larded with exposition
Death to Smoochy tells a moldy-oldie , not-nearly - as-nasty - as-it - thinks-it-is joke .
seems so similar to the 1953 Disney classic that it makes one long for a geriatric Peter .
wills that is impossible to care about and is n't very funny
A grating ,
on shame
on slippery footing
on purpose is never clear .
on screen been so aggressively anti-erotic
With elements cribbed from Lang 's Metropolis , Welles ' Kane , and Eisenstein 's Potemkin
A grating , emaciated flick .
topple
hide new secretions from the parental units
hide new secretions
its own conceit
period-piece movie-of-the-week
hide its contrivances
Chalk it up as the worst kind of hubristic folly .
Chan 's action sequences boring
Certainly not a good movie , but it was n't horrible either .
Chan 's stunts are limited and so embellished by editing that there 's really not much of a sense of action or even action-comedy .
many such biographical melodramas
ultimately , the film amounts to being lectured to by tech-geeks , if you 're up for that sort of thing
ultimately , the film amounts to being lectured to by tech-geeks , if you 're up for that sort of thing .
have no affinity for most of the characters . Nothing about them is attractive .
ultimately feels like just one more in the long line of films this year about
ultimately feels like just one more in the long line of films this year about the business of making movies
have n't seen such self-amused trash since Freddy Got Fingered
have n't seen such self-amused trash since Freddy Got Fingered .
have meant the Internet short Saving Ryan 's Privates
of teen-driven , toilet-humor codswallop
funny nor suspenseful
, avarice and damaged dreams
, at least terribly monotonous
, at 66 , has stopped challenging himself
forgot to add any genuine tension
populated by characters who are nearly impossible to care about
, even though it rips off many of its ideas
half-baked and overheated .
grim future
grim , hollow exercise
grim , flat and boring werewolf
grim , flat and boring
weightless fairy tale
half-baked thoughts
funny . And for all the wrong reasons
so uncool the only thing missing is the `` Gadzooks ! ''
through ill-conceived action pieces
a wry understanding
on the grotesque
on the marquee , that we just ca n't get no satisfaction
rather indulgent
rather dull
rather clumsy original
rather inconsequential
rather dull person to be stuck with for two hours
honestly , I do n't see the point . It 's a visual Rorschach test
honey , does n't mean that it 's interesting to anyone else .
why put someone who ultimately does n't learn at the center of a kids ' story
why put someone who ultimately does n't learn at the center of a kids ' story ?
If I want a real movie
its star power on cliched or meaningless roles
its soap-opera morality tales have the antiseptic , preprogrammed feel of an after-school special .
its star , its attitude and its obliviousness
the Ford administration 's complicity in tearing ` orphans ' from their mothers
If I want a real movie , I 'll buy the Criterion DVD .
Star Trek : Nemesis meekly goes where nearly every Star Trek movie has gone before
Spy makes its big-screen entry with little of the nervy originality of its groundbreaking small-screen progenitor .
Spy is an embarrassment , a monotonous , disjointed jumble of borrowed plot points and situations . It 's as flat as an open can of pop left sitting in the sun .
Spy is an embarrassment , a monotonous , disjointed jumble of borrowed plot points and situations .
Spy is an embarrassment , a monotonous
the ` assassin ' greatly enhances the quality of neil burger 's impressive fake documentary
that you never want to see another car chase , explosion or gunfight again
something more user-friendly
something from a bad Clive Barker movie
something goes bump in the night and nobody cares
something hip and transgressive was being attempted here that stubbornly refused to gel
Writer-director Randall Wallace has bitten off more than he or anyone else could chew , and his movie veers like a drunken driver through heavy traffic
maddeningly slow
made 40 years ago
mad , more grating and
mad , more grating and boring
mad that I wasted 123 minutes and $ 9 .
deadly bore
the disadvantage of also looking cheap
dead production
dead-undead genre
dead circus performer
El Crimen del Padre Amaro because it 's anti-Catholic .
that a movie can be as intelligent as this one is in every regard except its storyline
that a nightmare is a wish a studio 's wallet makes
that a man in drag is not in and of himself funny
that a more confused , less interesting and more sloppily made film could possibly come down the road in 2002
that a decent draft in the auditorium might blow it off the screen
that Welcome to Collinwood is n't going to jell
frantic search
There are just too many characters saying too many clever things and getting into too many pointless situations . Where 's the movie here ?
more fun to make than it is to sit through
more frustrating than a modem that disconnects every 10 seconds
more entertained getting hit by a bus
and it is n't that funny .
and it is n't that funny
's something deeply creepy about Never Again , a new arrow in Schaeffer 's quiver of ineptitudes .
is like when he 's not giving the same 15-cent stump speech
Looks more like a travel-agency video targeted at people who like to ride bikes
Looks more like a travel-agency video targeted at people who like to ride bikes topless and roll in the mud than a worthwhile glimpse of independent-community guiding lights .
farts , boobs ,
farts , boobs
rude
a travelogue for what mostly resembles a real-life , big-budget NC-17 version of Tank Girl
a trashy cop buddy comedy
a tragic past
a train wreck of an action film
what annoyed me most about God is Great
increasingly incoherent
increasingly incoherent fashion
inconsistencies that pose the question
inconclusive
increasingly threadbare
what 's missing from this material
what 's left of his passe ' chopsocky glory
what 's missing from this material is any depth of feeling
( '' Safe Conduct '' )
( A ) rather thinly-conceived movie .
a few too many weeping
It shares the first two films ' loose-jointed structure , but laugh-out-loud bits are few and far between
It reduces the complexities to bromides and slogans and it gets so preachy-keen and so tub-thumpingly loud it makes you feel like a chump just for sitting through it .
It shares the first two films ' loose-jointed structure ,
It shares the first two films ' loose-jointed structure , but
It reduces the complexities to bromides and slogans
It reduces the complexities to bromides and slogans and
It reduces the complexities to bromides and slogans and it gets so preachy-keen and so tub-thumpingly loud it makes you feel like a chump
It reduces the complexities to bromides and slogans and it gets so preachy-keen and so tub-thumpingly loud it makes you feel like a chump just for sitting through it
tiresomely simpleminded
unusually dry-eyed , even analytical approach
tiring than anything
canned tuna
cut their losses -- and ours -- and retitle it The Adventures of Direct-to-Video Nash , and send it to its proper home
Began life as a computer game , then morphed into a movie -- a bad one
Began life as a computer game , then morphed into a movie -- a bad one ,
Before long , the film starts playing like General Hospital crossed with a Saturday Night Live spoof of Dog Day Afternoon .
gives devastating testimony to both people 's capacity for evil and their heroic capacity for good .
Began life as a computer game , then morphed into a movie -- a bad one , of course
Began life as a computer game , then morphed into a movie -- a bad one , of course .
cut their losses -- and ours -- and retitle it The Adventures of Direct-to-Video Nash , and
lacks in substance
Attack of the Clones is a technological exercise that lacks juice and delight
At times , it actually hurts to watch .
At three hours and with very little story or character development , there is plenty of room for editing , and a much shorter cut surely would have resulted in a smoother , more focused narrative without sacrificing any of the cultural intrigue .
At once overly old-fashioned in its sudsy plotting and heavy-handed in its effort to modernize it with encomia to diversity and tolerance
At once overly old-fashioned in its sudsy plotting and
At three hours and with very little story or character development
At once overly old-fashioned in its sudsy plotting and heavy-handed in its effort to modernize it with encomia to diversity and tolerance .
what a gnat is to a racehorse
a confused mediocrity
a convict guilty
- she-cute baggage into her lead role as a troubled and determined homicide cop to quite pull off the heavy stuff
- hour , dissipated length .
- she 's not funny !
Unfortunately , a cast of competent performers from movies , television and the theater are cast adrift in various New York City locations with no unifying rhythm or visual style .
Uneven performances and a spotty script add up to a biting satire that has no teeth .
Uneven performances and a spotty script
Unfortunately , One Hour Photo lives down to its title .
Unfortunately , One Hour Photo lives down to its title . Thanks largely to Williams , all the interesting developments are processed in 60 minutes --
Unfortunately , One Hour Photo lives down to its title . Thanks largely to Williams , all the interesting developments are processed in 60 minutes
Unfortunately , One Hour Photo lives down to its title . Thanks largely to Williams , all the interesting developments are processed in 60 minutes -- the rest is just an overexposed waste of film .
Unfortunately , One Hour Photo lives down to its title . Thanks largely to Williams , all the interesting developments are processed in 60 minutes -- the rest is just an overexposed waste of film
from unbearable lightness by the simplicity of the storytelling and the authenticity of the performances
from the worst , thanks to the topical issues it raises , the performances of Stewart and Hardy
deafening
what are adults doing in the theater at all ?
unimaginative and derivative
unimaginative and
unimpressively
uninspired
unimpressively fussy
uninspired philosophical
uninspiring
For the future , one hopes Mr . Plympton will find room for one more member of his little band , a professional screenwriter .
For this sort of thing to work , we need agile performers , but the proficient , dull Sorvino has no light touch , and Rodan is out of his league
For this sort of thing to work , we need agile performers , but the proficient , dull Sorvino has no light touch , and Rodan is out of his league .
For this sort of thing to work , we need agile performers ,
... while the humor aspects of ` Jason X ' were far more entertaining than I had expected , everything else about the film tanks .
Adam Sandler 's Eight Crazy Nights grows on you -- like a rash .
Adam Sandler 's heart may be in the right place , but he needs to pull his head out of his butt
bigelow offers some flashy twists and turns that occasionally fortify this turgid fable
bigelow offers some flashy twists and turns that occasionally fortify this turgid fable . but for the most part , the weight of water comes off as a two-way time-switching myopic mystery that stalls in its lackluster gear of emotional blandness
bigelow offers some flashy twists and turns that occasionally fortify this turgid fable . but for the most part , the weight of water comes off as a two-way time-switching myopic mystery that stalls in its lackluster gear of emotional blandness .
, partisans and sabotage
is grossly contradictory in conveying its social message , if indeed there is one .
is grotesque and boring
is grossly contradictory in conveying its social message ,
is grossly contradictory in conveying its social message , if indeed there is one
is hampered by its predictable plot and paper-thin supporting characters .
is hard to care
is hampered by Taylor 's cartoonish performance and the film 's ill-considered notion that Hitler 's destiny was shaped by the most random of chances
is hampered by its predictable plot and paper-thin supporting characters
is hardly a perverse , dangerous libertine and agitator -- which would have made for better drama . He 's just a sad aristocrat in tattered finery
is hardly journalism at all
cut their losses -- and ours -- and retitle it The Adventures of Direct-to-Video Nash
Grating and tedious
savagely
passes time until it 's time for an absurd finale of twisted metal , fireballs and revenge
passes time until it 's time for an absurd finale of twisted metal , fireballs and revenge .
paved with good intentions leads to the video store
paved with good intentions leads to the video store ''
pay the full ticket price to see `` Simone , '' and consider a DVD rental instead
ignored it in favor of old ` juvenile delinquent ' paperbacks with titles
ignored it in favor of old ` juvenile delinquent ' paperbacks with titles like Leather Warriors and Switchblade Sexpot
ignored it
ignoring what the filmmakers clearly believe
except for the annoying demeanour of its lead character
except for the annoying demeanour of its lead character .
an American ( and an America ) always reaching for something just outside his grasp
exasperated by a noticeable lack of pace
before you pay the full ticket price to see `` Simone , '' and consider a DVD rental instead
begin to long for the end credits
begin to long for the end credits as the desert does for rain
begin to long for the end credits as the desert does for rain .
before she dies
his Parisian rebirth is stillborn
