a nice , harmless date film
a new scene
a new idea
a non-stop funny feast
on a striking new significance for anyone who sees the film
on a string of exotic locales
on a traditional Indian wedding in contemporary New Delhi
your reaction : A. )
the lustrous polished visuals rich in color and creativity and , of course , special effect
be applauded for finding a new angle on a tireless story
their super-dooper-adorability intact
their romances
an American
their sexual and romantic tension , while never really vocalized , is palpable
their scenes brim with sexual possibility and emotional danger
a soul-stirring documentary about the israeli\/palestinian conflict as revealed through the eyes of some children who remain curious about each other against all odds .
a stirring
a subculture hell-bent on expressing itself in every way imaginable
a technically well-made
a technically well-made suspenser
not sophomoric
his documentary To Be and to Have , easily
for illustrating the merits of fighting hard for something that really matters
, hopefully , this film will attach a human face to all those little steaming cartons .
spectacular sizzle it is
to create some pretty cool characters
beat-the-clock thriller
'' superior
Sweet and memorable film .
Sweet and memorable film
good in the first few minutes
good inside dope
Swedish fatalism using Gary Larson 's Far Side humor
's hard to imagine Alan Arkin being better than he is in this performance .
most opaque ,
but Bishop and Stevenson are standouts .
while demonstrating vividly that the beauty and power of the opera reside primarily in the music itself
most of the movie 's success
a little broad comedy
a likably delinquent attitude
a likable cast
a lean and engaging work
a landmark in Japanese animation
a landmark
a kind of attentive concern that Hoffman brings to his characters , as if he has been giving them private lessons
's just brilliant in this
Hailed
Hailed as a clever exercise in neo-Hitchcockianism , this clever and very satisfying picture is more accurately Chabrolian .
the glorious , gaudy benefit of much stock footage of Those Days ,
ride of a movie
if you are an actor who can relate to the search for inner peace by dramatically depicting the lives of others onstage , then Esther 's story is a compelling quest for truth .
ignite
illuminating
's actually sort of amazing
's affecting , amusing , sad and reflective
's about individual moments of mood , and an aimlessness that 's actually sort of amazing .
's all about Anakin ... and the lustrous polished visuals rich in color and creativity and , of course , special effect
's affecting , amusing , sad and reflective .
's all a rather shapeless good time
's all about Anakin ... and the lustrous polished visuals rich in color and creativity and , of course , special effect .
's all entertaining enough
the Mediterranean
smart little indie .
smart and dark -
smart and dark - hallelujah for small favors
smart , solid , kinetically-charged spy
smart and dark
smart , savvy , compelling
smart , solid , kinetically-charged
smart movie
smart new comedy
Enormously enjoyable , high-adrenaline documentary .
, action-packed chiller
, actor Raymond J . Barry is perfectly creepy and believable .
, acerbic laughs
evocative
exactly a gourmet meal
exceeds
plucky british
pleasures
pleasurable
... both hokey and super-cool , and definitely not in a hurry , so
... both hokey and super-cool , and definitely not in a hurry
... as the story congeals you feel the pieces of the Star Wars saga falling into place in a way that makes your spine tingle with revelation and excitement .
... and sustains Off the Hook 's buildup with remarkable assuredness for a first-timer
Some Body is a shaky , uncertain film that nevertheless touches a few raw nerves .
... both hokey and super-cool , and definitely not in a hurry , so sit back ,
... both hokey and super-cool , and definitely not in a hurry , so sit back , relax and have a few laughs while the little ones get a fuzzy treat . '
terrifically entertaining
delightful performance
delightful , well-crafted family film
terrific job
some great insight into the neurotic mindset of all comics -- even those who have reached the absolute top of the game
of the rare directors who feels acting is the heart and soul of cinema
Burns ' visuals , characters and his punchy dialogue
sock-you-in-the-eye flick
terrific documentaries
solid
solid , if somewhat heavy-handed ,
the quirky amazement
solidly
( Gayton 's script ) telegraphs every discovery and layers on the gloss of convenience .
( Herzog 's ) personal policy
it 's cliche to call the film ` refreshing , ' but it is
terrific as Rachel ; her petite frame and vulnerable persona emphasising her plight and isolation
( s ) nail-biting suspense and credible characters without relying on technology-of-the-moment technique or pretentious dialogue
( s ) nail-biting suspense and credible characters
( it ) finds a way to lay bare the tragedies of its setting with a good deal of warmth and humor .
The world needs more filmmakers with passionate enthusiasms like Martin Scorsese . But
The world needs more filmmakers with passionate enthusiasms like Martin Scorsese .
The work of an exhausted , desiccated talent who ca n't get out of his own way .
terrific date movie
it 's cliche to call the film ` refreshing ,
Karmen 's enthronement among the cinema 's memorable women
plays up the cartoon 's more obvious strength of snazziness while neglecting its less conspicuous writing strength .
their funny bones tickled
remarkable movie
remarkable film
remains vividly in memory long
from the great Daniel Auteuil
from the movie gods
is funny , charming and quirky
is funny
is funny , insightfully human and a delightful lark for history buffs
is funny , insightfully human and
it is thought-provoking
the outrageous , sickening , sidesplitting goods
shot , expertly cast ,
shot , expertly cast , paced with crisp professionalism
be so light-hearted
be surefire casting
the powerful work
the power of this movie
the powerful work of his co-stars
the preschool set while embracing a wholesome attitude
of important developments of the computer industry
George Clooney proves he 's quite a talented director and Sam Rockwell shows us he 's a world-class actor with Confessions of a Dangerous Mind .
George Clooney proves he 's quite a talented director and Sam Rockwell shows us
Go see it and enjoy .
Godard is on about in this film
the film should be seen as a conversation starter .
The power of Shanghai Ghetto
is as thought-provoking as it
is as thought-provoking
is as stimulating & heart-rate-raising as any James Bond thriller
the right place
invaluable record
inventing
the ingredients are there .
good for a few laughs , as are Chan and Hewitt
good hair and humping
Cho 's latest comic set is n't as sharp or as fresh as I 'm the One That I Want ... but it 's still damn funny stuff .
Cho 's latest comic set is n't as sharp or as fresh as I 'm the One That I Want ... but it 's still damn funny stuff
Cho 's timing is priceless .
good ear
that successfully recreates both the physical setting and emotional tensions of the Papin sisters
good enough to be in theaters
The subtle strength of `` Elling ''
The story plays out slowly , but the characters are intriguing and realistic
The story plays out slowly , but the characters are intriguing and realistic .
good design
The talents of the actors
The subtle strength of `` Elling '' is that it never loses touch with the reality of the grim situation .
the film operates nicely off the element of surprise ,
that tells a sweet , charming tale of intergalactic friendship
franchise possibilities
fraction
frame one
be very sweet
enjoyable thanks
enjoyably over-the-top
enjoy this movie 's sharp dialogue and delightful performance by Jolie and Burns
enjoy yourself
enjoying this
offbeat thriller
offbeat humor
off the page , and for the memorable character creations
deeper meaning
have preceded it
have produced sparkling retina candy
all the ` classic '
implied in Metropolis that is just breathtaking
impeccable screenplay
is a brilliantly played , deeply unsettling experience
is a brilliantly played , deeply unsettling experience .
is a competent enough filmmaker
every family
a kids ' flick
a pristine movie neverland
a prize winner
avoids the stupid cliches and formulaic potholes that befall its brethren
Ten
any recreational drug
an unimpeachable core of emotional truth
an underlying order
an uncompromising attempt by one artist to think about another
an unimpeachable core
an unfamiliar world
an undoubted stylistic tour-de-force
an underlying order throughout the chaos
dodge
who cares if the story 's a little weak
` A ' for creativity
, it demands repeated viewings .
, it 's worth checking out for the performances alone .
, it 's still a worthy addition to the growing canon of post-Saving Private Ryan tributes to the greatest generation .
, it 's the tension that keeps you in your seat
, it 's perfect . It 's also the year 's sweetest movie .
, it 's refreshing to see a cartoon that knows what it is , and knows the form 's history .
to classify as it is hard to resist
to call the film ` refreshing
to confront their problems openly
to confident filmmaking and a pair of fascinating performances
better script
better than its predecessor
better than mid-range Steven Seagal ,
better than mid-range Steven Seagal , but
better thriller
My precious new Star Wars movie
My Wife is an Actress has its moments in looking at the comic effects of jealousy .
outrageous , ingenious
outrageous charm
our special talents can be when put in service of of others
outgag any of those young whippersnappers making moving pictures today
relax and have a few laughs while the little ones get a fuzzy treat
the most straight-faced fashion
a film worth watching
a film so unabashedly hopeful that it actually makes the heart soar
a film that 's not merely about kicking undead \*\*\*
It was only a matter of time before some savvy producer saw the potential success inherent in the mixture of Bullock Bubble and Hugh Goo .
's full of cheesy dialogue , but great trashy fun that finally returns De Palma to his pulpy thrillers of the early '80s
's full of cheesy dialogue , but great trashy fun that finally returns De Palma to his pulpy thrillers of the early '80s .
's fun ,
's fun , splashy and entertainingly nasty
's fun , wispy
vibrance
's fun , wispy ,
vibrance and
vibrance and warmth
vibrant , and intelligent
Murphy 's expert comic timing
Murphy and Wilson actually make a pretty good team
the risk-takers in the crowd should check it out and form their own opinion .
the role with an unimpeachable core of emotional truth
the roots of friendship and sexual identity
the same human and spiritual needs
is Ballistic : Ecks vs . Sever
inoffensive and actually rather sweet
belly laughs ( including a knockout of a closing line )
believing it was just coincidence
innovations and
its storytelling prowess and
its storytelling prowess and special effects
its storytelling prowess
its story is n't bogged down by idiocy involving the CIA and a lost U.S. satellite
its spasms of absurdist humor
clever moments
for his characters
for in intelligence and B-grade stylishness
delivered in low-key style
delivered in grand passion by the members of the various households .
delivered in grand passion by the members of the various households
delivered in grand passion
deliver awe-inspiring , at times sublime , visuals
deliver again and again
clever ideas
Each story is built on a potentially interesting idea
Each story is built on a potentially interesting idea ,
talented writer\/director Anderson
talento
adding the rich details and go-for-broke acting that heralds something special
to be pleasant in spite of its predictability
casts mostly little-known performers in key roles , and introduces some intriguing ambiguity
appeal
aptly
the film gets great laughs , but never at the expense of its characters
second prize ,
searching enough questions
searching enough questions to justify its pretensions
undermining the story 's emotional thrust
is so enamored of her own creation
the first part making up for any flaws that come later
to the highest degree
Jason X has cheesy effects and a hoary plot , but its macabre , self-deprecating sense of humor makes up for a lot .
works the way a good noir should
world-renowned
to be diverting
worm its way into your heart
a great team
a great story , terrifically told by the man who wrote it
to draw you deeply into its world
in all , Brown Sugar is a satisfying well-made romantic comedy that 's both charming and well acted . It will guarantee to have you leaving the theater with a smile on your face .
in all , Brown Sugar is a satisfying well-made romantic comedy that 's both charming and well acted .
in all its director 's cut glory
in all the best possible ways
in all its director 's cut glory ,
've lost weight
there 's no better film than Half Past Dead .
Indeed , the more outrageous bits achieve a shock-you-into-laughter intensity of almost Dadaist proportions .
Krawczyk deserves a huge amount of the credit for the film 's thoroughly winning tone
It 's a solid movie about people whose lives are anything but .
Westbrook 's foundation and Dalrymple 's film earn their uplift
It 's a square , sentimental drama that satisfies , as comfort food often can .
Triple X marks the spot .
It goes down easy , leaving virtually no aftertaste .
It 's a talking head documentary , but a great one .
was a better film
a triumph , however ,
is smarter and subtler
is small in scope , yet perfectly formed
is powerful and revelatory
is powerful , accessible and funny
is smarter and subtler than ( total recall and blade runner ) ,
is smarter and subtler than ( total recall and blade runner )
this engaging mix of love and bloodletting
this fascinating portrait
this family film sequel is plenty of fun for all .
this fascinating portrait of a modern Lothario
this film 's heart is even more embracing than Monty , if only because it accepts nasty behavior and severe flaws as part of the human condition .
this film for its harsh objectivity and refusal to seek our tears , our sympathies
entertained by
Brown Sugar '' admirably aspires to be more than another '' Best Man '' clone by weaving a theme throughout this funny film .
enough to spark genuine chemistry
Brown Sugar signals director Rick Famuyiwa 's emergence as an articulate , grown-up voice in African-American cinema .
it does .
the ultimate IMAX trip
the twist endings
the truly funny bits
the twisted humor and eye-popping visuals
Brown played in American culture as an athlete , a movie star , and an image of black indomitability
in Narc , they find new routes through a familiar neighborhood
in Metropolis you hate to tear your eyes away from the images long enough to read the subtitles
Sharp
followed by killer CGI effects
Sharp , lively , funny and ultimately sobering film .
Strong filmmaking requires a clear sense of purpose
a spectacular performance - ahem
Shainberg weaves a carefully balanced scenario that is controlled by neither character , is weirdly sympathetic to both and manages to be tender and darkly comic .
classify as it is hard to resist
ultimately coheres into a sane and breathtakingly creative film
a cute partnership in I Spy
a cutting Hollywood satire
a cute partnership
healing
present an unflinching look
present an unflinching look at one man 's downfall , brought about by his lack of self-awareness
presented with great sympathy and intelligence
clever , amusing and unpredictable
an anticipated audience
Impresses as a skillfully assembled , highly polished and professional adaptation ... just about as chilling and unsettling as ` Manhunter ' was .
Impresses as a skillfully assembled , highly polished and professional adaptation ... just about as chilling and unsettling as ` Manhunter '
Impossible as it may sound , this film 's heart is even more embracing than Monty , if only because it accepts nasty behavior and severe flaws as part of the human condition .
Implicitly acknowledges and celebrates the glorious chicanery and self-delusion of this most American of businesses , and for that reason it may be the most oddly honest Hollywood document of all .
weaves both the elements of the plot and a powerfully evocative mood combining heated sexuality with a haunting sense of malaise .
a fast-paced comedy
Implicitly acknowledges and celebrates the glorious chicanery and self-delusion of this most American of businesses , and for that reason it may be the most oddly honest Hollywood document of all
a fascinating little tale
a fascinating little thriller
a fascinating glimpse of urban life and
a fascinating glimpse of urban life and the class warfare that embroils two young men
a fast , frenetic , funny , even punny 6 --
a fast , frenetic , funny , even punny 6 -- aimed specifically at a grade-school audience
a fast , frenetic , funny , even punny 6
assertive
asks you to take these great leaps of faith and pays off
assembles an elaborate haunted house each year to scare
by an esteemed writer-actor
The Good Girl '' a film worth watching .
The Good Girl is a film in which the talent is undeniable
The Four Feathers is definitely horse feathers , but if you go in knowing that , you might have fun in this cinematic sandbox .
enough to provide the pleasures of a slightly naughty , just-above-average off - Broadway play
smart and newfangled
Fred Schepisi 's film is paced at a speed that is slow to those of us in middle age and deathly slow to any teen . With a cast of A-list Brit actors , it is worth searching out .
, intelligent entertainment
, intelligent , romantic and rapturous
, insightful and beautifully rendered film . One of the best of the year .
, inventive photography and cutting , and wall-to-wall toe-tapping music to paint a picture of a subculture that is at once exhilarating , silly , perverse , hopeful and always fun
, inventive and refreshingly unusual
, intimate film
, is the one established by Warner Bros . giant Chuck Jones , who died a matter of weeks before the movie 's release .
, is far more likened to a treasure than a lengthy jail sentence
utterly transcend gender
Mr. Murray , a prolific director of music videos
Mr. Nelson has made a film that is an undeniably worthy and devastating experience .
Mr. Nachtwey has traveled to places in the world devastated by war , famine and poverty and documented the cruelty and suffering he has found with an devastating , eloquent clarity .
Mr. Parker has brilliantly updated his source and grasped its essence , composing a sorrowful and hilarious tone poem about alienated labor , or an absurdist workplace sitcom .
Edward Burns ' Sidewalks of New York look like Oscar Wilde
Egoyan 's work often elegantly considers various levels of reality and uses shifting points of view
reinvented itself for a new generation
some special qualities and
some startling , surrealistic moments
a moody , multi-dimensional love story and sci-fi mystery
a less manic tone
needs love like this
takes a tongue-in-cheek attitude
integrating the characters in the foreground into the extraordinarily rich landscape
Heartwarming here relies less on forced air than on Petter Næss ' delicate , clever direction ... and a wonderful , imaginative script by Axel Hellstenius .
He nonetheless appreciates the art and reveals a music scene that transcends culture and race .
He just wants them to be part of the action , the wallpaper of his chosen reality .
He has a great cast and a great idea .
stylish and energetic
stylish and energetic one-shot
stylishness
style and even some depth
stylish
stylistic tour-de-force
is the refreshingly unhibited enthusiasm
is the refreshingly unhibited enthusiasm that the people , in spite of clearly evident poverty and hardship , bring to their music .
is the refreshingly unhibited enthusiasm that the people , in spite of clearly evident poverty and hardship , bring to their music
is the stuff of high romance , brought off with considerable wit
is the ultimate movie experience
is the stuff of high romance , brought off with considerable wit .
that wears its heart on its sleeve for all to see
it should be poignant
succeeds primarily with her typical blend of unsettling atmospherics , delivering a series of abrasive , stylized sequences that burn themselves upon the viewer 's memory .
succeeds through sincerity
succeeds through sincerity .
successful example
succeeds primarily
succeeds primarily with her typical blend of unsettling atmospherics ,
succeeds primarily with her typical blend of unsettling atmospherics , delivering a series of abrasive , stylized sequences that burn themselves upon the viewer 's memory
one that 's been told by countless filmmakers about Italian - , Chinese - , Irish - , Latin -
Brown Sugar '' admirably aspires to be more than another `` Best Man '' clone by weaving a theme throughout this funny film .
, which is powerful in itself .
, well-shaped dramas
, well-crafted psychological study
, well-acted and thought-provoking
most romantic comedies ,
most savory and hilarious guilty pleasure
most savory and hilarious
most sincere and artful
most sincere
most sincere and artful movie
few american films
Engages us in constant fits of laughter , until we find ourselves surprised at how much we care about the story
Engages us in constant fits of laughter ,
Engages us in constant fits of laughter , until we find ourselves surprised at how much we care about the story , and
Engages us in constant fits of laughter , until we find ourselves surprised at how much we care about the story ,
see Maid in Manhattan
Engages us in constant fits of laughter , until we find ourselves surprised at how much we care about the story , and end up walking out not only satisfied but also somewhat touched .
Engages us in constant fits of laughter , until we find ourselves surprised at how much we care about the story , and end up walking out not only satisfied but also somewhat touched
Enormously enjoyable
Enigma offers all the pleasure of a handsome and well-made entertainment .
showing signs of potential for the sequels ,
All of the elements are in place for a great film noir ,
a promising
a promising ,
a promising , unusual
a promising , unusual kind
of the past that is faithful to both architectural glories and commanding open spaces of the city as it was more than two centuries ago
those in Mr . Spielberg 's 1993 classic
, who approaches his difficult , endless work with remarkable serenity and discipline .
of the park for the ` they do n't make 'em like that anymore ' department
we delight in the images
showing signs of potential for the sequels , but not
, proving that one man 's ruin may be another 's fortune
All of the elements are in place for a great film noir
Whether seen on a 10-inch television screen or at your local multiplex , the edge-of-your-seat , educational antics of Steve Irwin are priceless entertainment .
pleasing way
pleasingly
please Eastwood 's loyal fans
please audiences who like movies that demand four hankies
please history fans
pleasing at its best moments
pleasing verisimilitude
wo n't be disappointed .
witty , wistful new film
Sports
India 's popular Gulzar and Jagjit Singh
Bettany playing Malcolm McDowell ? Cool
eats up the screen
ebullient Tunisian film
easy to take this film at face value and enjoy its slightly humorous and tender story
easy to watch
ability to depict them with outrageous elan
of the previous film 's successes
of the qualities that made the first film so special
of the rich and sudden wisdom , the film
a parka-wrapped dose of heart
a perfect example
a perfect example of how art -- when done right -- can help heal
a perfect example of how art -- when done right -- can help heal ,
a perfect film
a pleasure
a rare glimpse
a rare glimpse into a culture most of us do n't know
a real flair
important film
important documentary
Accuracy and realism
the cast is appealing
the cast is impressive
absolutely ca n't miss it .
absolutely spooky
absolutely spooky how Lillard channels the Shagster right down to the original Casey Kasem-furnished voice
above a little broad comedy and a few unabashedly sentimental tears
above all , faith
above the norm
absorbing as well as thought-provoking
absorbing film
A deceivingly simple film , one that grows in power in retrospect
show his penchant for wry , contentious configurations
are instantly recognizable
exciting on the field and a story
quite enough of them
quite an achievement
quite appealing
most succinct review
characteristic warmth
`` Project Greenlight '' winner
`` Pretty Woman '' wanted to be
characteristically startling visual style
characteristically startling visual style and
`` Orange County '' is far funnier than it would seem to have any right to be .
`` Orange County '' is a refreshing change
sun-drenched masterpiece
sumptuous stream
summery
super-dooper-adorability
super heroes
exceeds expectations . Good fun , good action , good acting , good dialogue , good pace
landmark
excitement
know the ` truth ' about this man , while deconstructing the very format of the biography in a manner that Derrida would doubtless give his blessing to
, history , memory , resistance and artistic transcendence
, heartfelt
, heart-felt drama
, heartwarming yarn
, heartwarming film
, hilariously wicked black comedy ...
, his most personal work yet
The movie 's seams may show ... but Pellington gives '' Mothman '' an irresistibly uncanny ambience that goes a long way toward keeping the picture compelling .
The movie 's seams may show ... but Pellington gives '' Mothman '' an irresistibly uncanny ambience that goes a long way toward keeping the picture compelling
The movie 's thesis -- elegant technology for the masses --
The movie 's seams may show ... but
The movie , despite its rough edges and a tendency to sag in certain places , is wry and engrossing .
The movie 's thesis -- elegant technology for the masses -- is surprisingly refreshing .
Miyazaki 's nonstop images are so stunning , and his imagination so vivid , that the only possible complaint you could have about Spirited Away is that there is no rest period , no timeout
Miyazaki 's nonstop images are so stunning , and his imagination so vivid ,
Miss Congeniality
Miyazaki 's nonstop images are so stunning , and his imagination so vivid
Miyazaki 's nonstop images are so stunning , and
Miyazaki 's nonstop images are so stunning ,
Miyazaki 's nonstop images are so stunning
However , it 's pleasant enough and its ecological , pro-wildlife sentiments are certainly welcome .
sickly sweet gender normative narrative
emphasizes the spare precision of the narratives and helps to give them an atavistic power , as if they were tales that had been handed down since the beginning of time .
shows them the respect they are due
shows just enough to keep us on our toes
empress
an energetic , extreme-sports adventure
an enjoyable level of ridiculousness
an enjoyable level
an endorsement of the very things
an endorsement
an enthusiastic audience
Rifkin no doubt fancies himself something of a Hubert Selby Jr . ,
Rising
it is almost guaranteed that even the stuffiest cinema goers will laugh their \*\*\* off for an hour-and-a-half
emotionally rich , poetically plump and visually fulsome , but never showy ,
it is a whole lot of fun and you get to see the one of the world 's best actors , Daniel Auteuil ,
emotionally rich , poetically plump and visually fulsome , but never showy , film
empathy
stripped almost entirely of such tools as nudity , profanity and violence , labute does manage to make a few points about modern man and his problematic quest for human connection
emphasized
Some are fascinating
emphasizes the spare precision of the narratives
emphasizes the spare precision of the narratives and helps to give them an atavistic power , as if they were tales that had been handed down since the beginning of time
it is a whole lot of fun and
it is a whole lot of fun
it is a gripping , tidy little movie that takes Mr. Hill higher than he 's been in a while .
befallen every other Carmen before her
A rewarding work of art for only the most patient and challenge-hungry moviegoers
A riveting documentary .
A rewarding work of art for only the most patient and challenge-hungry moviegoers .
A refreshingly honest and ultimately touching tale of the sort of people
The attraction between these two marginal characters is complex from the start -- and , refreshingly , stays that way .
The beauty
The banter between Calvin and his fellow barbers feels like a streetwise McLaughlin Group ... and never fails to entertain .
The beauty of Alexander Payne 's ode to the Everyman is in the details .
A comprehensive and provocative film --
Full of detail
Full of detail about the man and his country , and is well worth seeing .
Full of detail about the man and his country , and is well worth seeing
runs a good race
Bolstered by an astonishing voice cast ( excepting Love Hewitt ) , an interesting racial tension , and a storyline that I have n't encountered since at least Pete 's Dragon .
will have a fun , no-frills ride
will have found a cult favorite to enjoy for a lifetime
will gratify anyone who has ever suspected Hollywood of being overrun by corrupt and hedonistic weasels .
races and rackets
racing to the rescue in the final reel
quite worth
race splitting
sickeningly real
little jokes
so much fun
you grew up on Scooby -- you 'll love this movie .
you find comfort in familiarity
you feel what they feel
puts a human face on it , evokes shame among all who are party to it and even promotes understanding
puts far more polished documentaries to shame
put themselves out there because they love what they do
puts a human face on it
pushing sound stages of Hollywood
pushes viewers to question their deepest notions of moral right and wrong
pushes the boundaries of biography
pushes the boundaries of biography , and challenges its audience
its real emotional business
its predecessors proud
its provocative central wedding sequence has far more impact
is clever and funny , is amused by its special effects
is clever and funny , is amused by its special effects ,
its face
is clearly extraordinarily talented
is clever
is clever and funny
is clever and funny ,
is clever , offbeat and even gritty enough
is clever , offbeat and even gritty enough to overcome my resistance
tov to a film about a family 's joyous life acting on the Yiddish stage .
sunny disposition
superb performers
takes on a whole other meaning
tale to make it far more satisfying than almost any horror film in recent memory
takes us on a roller-coaster ride from innocence to experience without even a hint of that typical kiddie-flick sentimentality .
takes us on a roller-coaster ride from innocence to experience without even a hint of that typical kiddie-flick sentimentality
takes within its warm
takes us on an examination of young adult life in urban South Korea through the hearts and minds of the five principals
takes you inside the rhythms of its subject
takes within its warm embrace the bounties of cultural artifacts inside St . Petersburg
taking Entertainment Tonight subject matter and giving it humor and poignancy
something fresh to say
something else altogether -- clownish and
something fascinating
benefits greatly
benefits
benefits greatly from a less manic tone than its predecessor ,
best
better
Fuller would surely have called this gutsy and at times exhilarating movie a great yarn .
a degree of affection rather than revulsion
a degree of affection rather than
a delightful blend of sweet romance
a delightful blend
a delightfully dour ,
a delightfully dour
some excellent work
some charming chemistry
some charming chemistry between Kate and Jed
some charm and heart
some exciting scenes
some fleetingly amusing improvisations
... again shows uncanny skill in getting under the skin of her characters
... a quietly introspective portrait of the self-esteem of employment and the shame of losing a job
... a powerful sequel and one of the best films of the year .
... a sweetly affecting story about four sisters who are coping , in one way or another , with life 's endgame .
... a quietly introspective portrait of the self-esteem of employment and the shame of losing a job ...
... a solid , unassuming drama .
the celebrated irish playwright
'' home movie '' is a sweet treasure and something well worth your time .
icons
Legendary
Legendary Irish writer Brendan Behan 's memoir , Borstal Boy , has been given a loving screen transferral .
Longley has constructed a remarkably coherent , horrifically vivid snapshot of those turbulent days .
the good and different
confirmation
the relationship between Yosuke and Saeko is worth watching as it develops
with a moral
relentlessly brutal and brutally intelligent
admitting that my enjoyment came at the expense of seeing justice served , even if it 's a dish that 's best served cold
playing itself
play out as a clever , charming tale -- as pleasantly in its own way
please anyone
from the characters
tickles the funny bone
tickles
tight and truthful
ties it together with efficiency and an affection for the period
admirable one
tight and truthful ,
tight and truthful , full of funny situations and honest observations
admire the closing scenes of the film , which seem to ask whether our civilization offers a cure for Vincent 's complaint
Cletis Tout is a winning comedy that excites the imagination and tickles the funny bone .
Clever and
Cletis is playful but highly studied and dependent for its success on a patient viewer .
Clever and unflinching in its comic barbs
Clever and unflinching
professionalism
progress .
progress . In Fessenden 's horror trilogy , this theme has proved important to him and is especially so in the finale
previous adventures and perils
promising , unusual kind
bit of fluff stuffed with enjoyable performances
bit of fluff stuffed with enjoyable performances and
big moment
big selling point
big time
a Hallmark Hall of Fame
silly little cartoon
similarly styled Gremlins
of the greatest natural sportsmen of modern times
silver bullets for director Neil Marshall 's intense freight
, 2 couples , 2000 miles , and all the Pabst Blue Ribbon beer
's the ultimate redneck road-trip
's too slowly paced to be a thriller . -LRB- But it 's -RRB- worth recommending because of two marvelous performances by Michael Caine and Brendan Fraser
, '' Derrida is an undeniably fascinating and playful fellow .
's traditional moviemaking all the way
palpable chemistry
gaining most of its unsettling force from the suggested and the unknown
to reel in the audience
should share screenwriting credit
thanks to Kline 's superbly nuanced performance , that pondering is highly pleasurable
thanks to its cast , its cuisine and its quirky tunes
thanks to Huston 's revelatory performance
that '' Gangs '' is never lethargic
thanks to the gorgeous locales and exceptional lead performances
promising premise
that 's a lot richer than the ones Hollywood action screenwriters usually come up with on their own
promising work-in-progress
authentic feel
proves quite compelling as an intense , brooding character study .
, `` Big Trouble '' is funny , harmless and as substantial as a tub of popcorn with extra butter .
, `` MIB II '' succeeds due to its rapid-fire delivery and enough inspired levity that it ca n't be dismissed as mindless .
, `` Far From Heaven '' is a masterpiece .
, `` Minority Report '' astounds .
, `` Orange County '' is a refreshing change
the climactic hourlong cricket match
the novel charm
will inspire the affection of even those unlucky people who never owned a cassette of Def Leppard 's Pyromania .
prove recommendation
will laugh at the audacity , at the who 's who casting and the sheer insanity of it all
protect your community
Though Nijinsky 's words grow increasingly disturbed , the film maintains a beguiling serenity and poise that make it accessible for a non-narrative feature .
Those who do n't entirely ` get ' Godard 's distinctive discourse will still come away with a sense of his reserved but existential poignancy .
Though in some ways similar to Catherine Breillat 's Fat Girl , Rain is the far superior film .
Though her fans will assuredly have their funny bones tickled
spiffy bluescreen technique and stylish weaponry
spiffy bluescreen technique and
spiffy bluescreen technique
smart and entirely charming
smart and funny
family film to take everyone to since there 's no new `` A Christmas Carol '' out in the theaters this year
familiar by amalgamating genres and adding true human
hilarious romantic comedy
him with interesting characters
thanks in large measure
thanks to remarkable performances
than to show us a good time
that 's always fun to watch
that 's as hard to classify as it is hard to resist
that 's compelling and heartfelt -- even if the heart belongs to a big
that 's entertainingly
I 'm going to give it a marginal thumbs up .
a wind-tunnel and a simply astounding cor-blimey-luv-a-duck cockney accent
a whip-smart sense of narrative bluffs
a wholesome fantasy for kids
a wholesome fantasy
The film hinges on its performances , and both leads are up to the task
talent
tame
swims away with the sleeper movie of the summer award
takes such a speedy swan dive
sleepy afternoon rental
slick stuff
a movie that refreshes the mind and spirit along with the body
Do n't wait to see this terrific film with your kids -- if you do n't have kids borrow some
Do n't wait to see this terrific film with your kids -- if you do n't have kids borrow some .
Do n't judge this one too soon - it 's a dark , gritty story but it takes off in totally unexpected directions and keeps on going .
Do n't judge this one too soon
become a major-league leading lady , ( but )
( Stephen ) Earnhart 's film is more about the optimism of a group of people who are struggling to give themselves a better lot in life than the ones they currently have .
( Shyamalan ) continues to cut a swathe through mainstream Hollywood , while retaining an integrity and refusing to compromise his vision .
( Scherfig ) has made a movie that will leave you wondering about the characters ' lives after the clever credits roll .
director Hoffman , with great help from Kevin Kline
director Hoffman , with great help from Kevin Kline ,
director Hoffman , with great help from Kevin Kline , makes us care about this latest reincarnation of the world 's greatest teacher
director M . Night Shyamalan can weave an eerie spell
directed , cowrote
Carmen ( Vega ) and
Carl
Captures all the longing , anguish and ache , the confusing sexual messages and the wish to be a part of that elusive adult world .
solid filmmaking
Mom and Dad
Moonlight Mile is replete with acclaimed actors and actresses and tackles a subject that 's potentially moving
A big-budget\/all-star movie as unblinkingly pure as The Hours
A big-budget\/all-star movie as unblinkingly pure as The Hours is a distinct rarity , and an event .
A bittersweet film , simple in form but rich with human events
A bittersweet film , simple in form but rich with human events .
A bittersweet film ,
A bodice-ripper for intellectuals
even leaves you with a few lingering animated thoughts
even its inventiveness
a fairly revealing study of its two main characters
a fairly revealing study of its two main characters --
a fairly revealing study of its two main characters -- damaged-goods people whose orbits will inevitably
a familiar anti-feminist equation ( career - kids = misery )
a fan of the genre
has a way of seeping into your consciousness , with lingering questions about what the film is really getting at
It 's refreshing that someone understands the need for the bad boy
It 's refreshing that someone understands the need for the bad boy ;
It 's refreshing that someone understands the need for the bad boy ; Diesel , with his brawny frame and cool , composed delivery , fits the bill perfectly
It 's refreshing that someone understands the need for the bad boy ; Diesel , with his brawny frame and cool , composed delivery , fits the bill perfectly .
never wanted to leave .
never succumbs to sensationalism
never succumbs to the trap of the maudlin or tearful , offering instead with its unflinching gaze a measure of faith in the future .
new , fervently held ideas and fanciful thinkers
new , or inventive ,
new , or inventive , journey
congratulate himself for having the guts to confront it
confuses the mere flashing of kinky soft-core imagery with naughty fun .
, Cage manages a degree of casual realism
, as a visual treat , the film is almost unsurpassed .
, as Cho appears to have settled comfortably into her skin
, as visually dexterous as it is at times imaginatively overwhelming .
, as well as bring audiences to the edge of their seats
comes along every day
comedy that is warm , inviting , and surprising
comedy genre
comedy goes
comedy that is warm , inviting , and surprising .
comes across as darkly funny , energetic , and surprisingly gentle
why Paul Thomas Anderson ever had the inclination to make the most sincere and artful movie in which Adam Sandler will probably ever appear
tremendous energy
settles in and becomes compulsively watchable in a guilty-pleasure , daytime-drama sort of fashion .
why did n't Hollywood think of this sooner ?
has a true talent for drawing wrenching performances from his actors ( improvised over many months ) and for conveying the way tiny acts of kindness make ordinary life survivable
what is otherwise a sumptuous work of B-movie imagination
what is in many ways a fresh and dramatically substantial spin on the genre
The underworld urban angst is derivative of Martin Scorsese 's Taxi Driver and Goodfellas , but this film speaks for itself .
has a true talent for drawing wrenching performances from his actors ( improvised over many months ) and for conveying the way tiny acts of kindness make ordinary life survivable .
is engage an audience
is eerily convincing as this bland blank of a man with unimaginable demons within
is effective if you stick with it
is during the offbeat musical numbers .
is easily
is easy to take this film at face value and enjoy its slightly humorous and tender story
last 15 minutes
last count
crowd-pleasing goals
crosses the finish line winded but still game
will have you talking 'til the end of the year !
non-techies can enjoy
Is Great
remarkable feat
remarkable and novel
A whole lot foul , freaky and funny .
A very witty
A very witty take on change , risk and romance
A triumph of art direction over narrative
A triumph of art direction over narrative , but what art direction !
A well-made and often lovely depiction of the mysteries of friendship
A well-made and often lovely depiction of the mysteries of friendship .
A very witty take on change , risk and romance , and the film uses humour to make its points about acceptance and growth .
A well-made and often lovely depiction
is built on a potentially interesting idea
sheerly cinematic appeal
White 's dry wit
While this movie , by necessity , lacks Fellowship 's heart , Two Towers outdoes its spectacle .
moderately amusing
some cute moments , funny scenes
make for a winning , heartwarming yarn .
make an excellent companion piece
to set and shoot a movie at the Cannes Film Festival
to shake and shiver about in ` The Ring
born out of an engaging storyline , which also is n't embarrassed to make you reach for the tissues
when the fantastic Kathy Bates turns up
gripping humanity
gripping performances
gripping and handsome execution
gripping portrait
gripping portrait of Jim Brown , a celebrated wonder in the spotlight
gritty enough
the film 's strength is n't in its details ,
the film delivers not just the full assault of reno 's immense wit and insight , but a time travel back to what it felt like during those unforgettably uncertain days
the film delivers not just the full assault of reno 's immense wit and insight , but a time travel back to what it felt like during those unforgettably uncertain days .
's lots of cool stuff packed into ESPN 's Ultimate X
's like dying and going to celluloid heaven
's made with deftly unsettling genre flair .
's made with deftly unsettling genre flair
's lots of cool stuff packed into ESPN 's Ultimate X .
One Hour Photo is an intriguing snapshot of one man and his delusions
Often gruelling and heartbreaking to witness , but Seldahl and Wollter 's sterling performances raise this far above the level of the usual maudlin disease movie .
by extension , accomplishments
by flashes of mordant humor
by forming a chain of relationships that come full circle to end on a positive ( if tragic ) note
Do n't plan on the perfect ending , but Sweet Home Alabama hits the mark with critics who escaped from a small town life
The Woodman seems to have directly influenced this girl-meets-girl love story ,
The Widowmaker is a great yarn
The Widowmaker is a great yarn .
The Way Home
few nonbelievers
The Woodman seems to have directly influenced this girl-meets-girl love story , but even more reassuring is how its makers actually seem to understand what made Allen 's romantic comedies so pertinent and enduring
The Woodman seems to have directly influenced this girl-meets-girl love story , but even more reassuring is how its makers actually seem to understand what made Allen 's romantic comedies so pertinent and enduring .
fun adventure movie
fun , splashy and entertainingly nasty
fun .
fun , with an undeniable energy
fun ,
with incredible subtlety and acumen
an hour 's worth of actual material
an extremely personal work
an extraordinary
it 's good-natured and sometimes quite funny
it 's an enjoyable one
often filled with a sense of pure wonderment and excitement not often seen in today 's cinema du sarcasm
offers a refreshingly different slice of Asian cinema .
offers a refreshingly different slice of Asian cinema
, Reese rules .
, Queen is campy fun like the Vincent Price horror classics of the '60s . At its worst , it implodes in a series of very bad special effects .
A compelling allegory about the last days of Germany 's democratic Weimar Republic
A compelling allegory
A compassionate , moving portrait of an American ( and an America ) always reaching for something just outside his grasp .
A compassionate , moving portrait of an American ( and an America ) always reaching for something just outside his grasp
A compassionate ,
A compassionate
A coming-of-age movie that Hollywood would n't have the guts to make .
A coming-of-age movie
kind of special
a mature and frank fashion
deal with the subject of love head-on
very original
very original artist
very funny , very enjoyable ...
very funny romantic comedy
very good for what it 's trying to do
very well shot
very well shot or
: For the first time since Desperately Seeking Susan , Madonna does n't suck as an actress .
84 minutes of rolling musical back beat and supercharged cartoon warfare . It 's also , clearly , great fun .
: All American at long last gives its subject a movie worthy of his talents
that memorable , but as downtown
that memorable ,
that memorable
the preteen girls
of a superior cast playing smart people amid a compelling plot
of a subculture that is at once exhilarating , silly , perverse , hopeful and always fun
of a rousing good story
of a promising young lad treading desperately in a nasty sea
of a vision of the past that is faithful to both architectural glories and commanding open spaces of the city as it was more than two centuries ago
and laugh outraged
and lots of fun
and lyric moments that linger like snapshots of memory
Succeeds in providing a disquiet world the long-dreaded completion of the Police Academy series .
the wisdom
powerful and moving without stooping to base melodrama
powerful and moving
power to help people endure almost unimaginable horror
powder blues
powerful , naturally dramatic piece
powerful , naturally dramatic
powerful , inflammatory film
powerful , chilling , and affecting study
fairly effective
fairly effective one
fair amount
fairly involving as far as it goes
fairly irresistible package
Disney
a refreshing absence
a raw and disturbing tale that took five years to make
a rather sturdy , old-fashioned entertainment
, and beautifully shot
a rare gift for unflinching impartiality
, an interesting and at times captivating take on loss and loneliness .
a ravishing consciousness-raiser
, amusing and unsettling
an earnest study in despair
an earnest study
an easy movie to watch
an easy film
eloquent ( meditation ) on death and that most elusive of passions
eloquent , reflective and beautifully
eloquent ( meditation ) on death
eloquent ( meditation ) on death and
elite
elicit a chuckle
elevates the material above pat inspirational status and gives it a sturdiness and solidity that we 've long associated with Washington the actor .
elevates the movie above the run-of-the-mill singles blender
the intriguing premise
in gratuitous sexualization
in general and theatrical phenomenon of Hell Houses in particular
in fine performances
in freshening the play
in form
Russian Ark is mesmerizing .
's a movie that accomplishes so much that one viewing ca n't possibly be enough .
's a movie that gets under your skin
's a minor treat
's a movie that accomplishes so much that one viewing ca n't possibly be enough
's a lovely , sad dance highlighted by Kwan 's unique directing style .
's a lovely , eerie film that casts an odd , rapt spell .
's a lovely , sad dance highlighted by Kwan 's unique directing style
a brisk pace as it races
a bright , light modern day family parable that wears its heart on its sleeve for all to see
for each others ' affections
for easy , seductive pacing
Beating the Austin Powers films at their own game , this blaxploitation spoof downplays the raunch in favor of gags that rely on the strength of their own cleverness as opposed to the extent of their outrageousness .
Beautifully crafted and brutally honest
Beautifully crafted and brutally honest , Promises offers an unexpected window into the complexities of the Middle East struggle and into the humanity of its people .
Beautifully directed and convincingly acted .
Beating the Austin Powers films
Beating the Austin Powers films at their own game
Beautifully filmed
Beautifully filmed and well acted ... but admittedly problematic in its narrative specifics .
Down with more heart .
Dragonfly
triumphant about this motion picture
knew charles dickens could be so light-hearted
sexy , surprising romance
erasing them recasts the self
epic quality
epic quality often associated with Stevenson 's tale as well as with earlier Disney efforts
manic and energetic
manages to escape the shackles of its own clichés to be the best espionage picture to come out in weeks .
manages to escape the shackles of its own clichés to be the best espionage picture to come out in weeks
manages to do all three quite well , making it one of the year 's most enjoyable releases
managed to find something new to add to the canon of Chan
derring-do
desarrollarse como un gran drama , tampoco es tan superficial como muchas cintas que pecan de pretenciosas y que resultan totalmente banales
described as ` Belgium 's national treasure
'm sure the filmmakers found this a remarkable and novel concept
to the universal language of rhythm
to the urge to get on your feet and shake it
to the topical issues it raises , the performances of Stewart and Hardy
Friday the 13th
Friday After Next
fighting trim shape as an athlete as well as an actor
fiercely committed
fiercely atheistic
United States
Uplifting
Uses high comedy to evoke surprising poignance
Uses high comedy to evoke surprising poignance .
Uplifting as only a document of the worst possibilities of mankind can be , and among the best films of the year .
Using a stock plot , About a Boy injects just enough freshness into the proceedings to provide an enjoyable 100 minutes in a movie theater .
Episode
Enthusiastically taking up the current teen movie concern with bodily functions , Walt Becker 's film pushes all the demographically appropriate comic buttons .
Enthusiastically
... manages to deliver a fair bit of vampire fun .
... quite good at providing some good old fashioned spooks .
... one of the most entertaining monster movies in ages
vastness
... something
takes every potential laugh
takes every potential laugh and
the theme does n't drag an audience down
drama , romance , tragedy , bravery , political intrigue , partisans and sabotage
drama , an admirable ambition
dragons !
takes advantage of the fact
dramatic interest
with a fine character study that 's short on plot but rich in the tiny revelations of real life
takes chances that are bold by studio standards
grasped its essence ,
gut-bustingly funny and
grow attached to their lives ,
happiest surprise ,
it earns extra points by acting as if it were n't
it employs changes that fit it well rather than ones that were imposed for the sake of commercial sensibilities
it entertaining
it felt like to be a New Yorker -- or , really , to be a human being -- in the weeks after 9\/11
while reaffirming Washington as possibly the best actor working in movies today
is good
is good ,
is good , except its timing
is good , except its timing .
is good news to anyone who 's fallen under the sweet , melancholy spell of this unique director 's previous films
is gorgeously
is grand-scale
is grand-scale moviemaking for a larger-than-life figure , an artist who has been awarded mythic status in contemporary culture
like it
like general hospital crossed with a Saturday night live spoof of dog day afternoon
's a brilliant , honest performance by Nicholson
's a boring movie about a boring man , made watchable by a bravura performance from a consummate actor incapable of being boring
with the most emotional resonance
that portrays the frank humanity of ... emotional recovery
that places the good-time shenanigans in welcome perspective
that place , that time
is a tart , smart breath of fresh air
is a success .
is a success
is a smart , romantic drama that dares to depict the French Revolution from the aristocrats ' perspective .
is a terrific role for someone like Judd , who really ought to be playing villains
their parents , wise folks that they are , read books
is , in a word , brilliant as the conflicted Daniel .
is , in a word , brilliant as the conflicted Daniel
is , in a word , brilliant
is , you 'll laugh
is , in fact , so interesting that no embellishment is
is , in fact , so interesting
is ... very funny as you peek at it through the fingers in front of your eyes
durable
climactic setpiece
The script 's snazzy dialogue establishes a realistic atmosphere that involves us in the unfolding crisis ,
The script 's snazzy dialogue establishes a realistic atmosphere that involves us in the unfolding crisis
The script 's snazzy dialogue establishes a realistic atmosphere that involves us in the unfolding crisis , but
insightfully
insightfully written
insightfully written ,
from her own screenplay , jumps to the head of the class of women 's films that manage to avoid the ghetto of sentimental chick-flicks by treating female follies with a satirical style
We have n't seen such hilarity since Say It Is n't So !
can honestly describe as looking , sounding and simply feeling like no other film in recent history
can go home again
can impart an almost visceral sense of dislocation and change
excellent 1934 MGM version
exceed
in its attempts
wo n't still be tapping
gentle , endearing 1975 children 's novel
gentle , endearing
genre thrills
won
also has a good ear for dialogue , and the characters sound like real people .
Shadyac shoots his film like an M . Night Shyamalan movie
the savviest audiences
Mike Tyson 's E ! True Hollywood Story
Mindless yet impressively lean spinoff of last summer 's bloated effects fest The Mummy Returns .
makes Salton Sea surprisingly engrossing
with the the wisdom and humor of its subjects
makes Shanghai Ghetto move beyond a good , dry , reliable textbook
on the success of Bollywood
that they are doing it is thought-provoking .
The nicest thing
work , especially since the actresses in the lead roles are all more than competent
comedy , caper thrills and quirky romance
comedy , caper thrills
comedy , caper thrills and
If you like blood , guts and crazy beasts stalking men with guns though ... you will likely enjoy this monster .
If you like peace , you 'll like Promises .
A loving little film of considerable appeal .
If you love the music , and I do , its hard to imagine having more fun watching a documentary ...
A love for films shines through each frame
A love for films
A loving little film
TUCK EVERLASTING is about . So
A literate presentation that wonderfully
A literate presentation
A love
A literate presentation that wonderfully weaves a murderous event in 1873 with murderous rage in 2002 .
does so many of the little things right
the year 's ( unintentionally ) funniest moments
another night
another peek at some of the magic we saw in Glitter here in Wisegirls
and moving as Monsoon Wedding
and moving
and more importantly , character empathy --
and narrative flow
appreciation
appreciate
appears to have settled comfortably into her skin
that it has none of the pushiness and decibel volume of most contemporary comedies
Mostly , ( Goldbacher ) just lets her complicated characters be unruly , confusing and , through it all , human .
, original
that it goes by quickly , because it has some of the funniest jokes of any movie this year , including those intended for adults
, old-fashioned entertainment
, offering itself up in subtle plot maneuvers ...
, openly questioning social mores while ensnaring the audience with its emotional pull
Graham Greene 's novel
Got a David Lynch jones ? Then you 'd do well to check this one out because it 's straight up Twin Peaks action ...
Gosling creates a staggeringly compelling character , a young man whose sharp intellect is at the very root of his contradictory , self-hating , self-destructive ways
Gosling creates a staggeringly compelling character , a young man whose sharp intellect is at the very root of his contradictory , self-hating , self-destructive ways .
the film is not only a love song to the movies but it also is more fully an example of the kind of lush , all-enveloping movie experience it rhapsodizes
the film is not only a love song to the movies but it also is more fully an example of the kind of lush , all-enveloping movie experience it rhapsodizes .
the film is not only a love song to the movies
the film is not only a love song to the movies but
the film is less the cheap thriller you 'd expect than it is a fairly revealing study of its two main characters -- damaged-goods people whose orbits will inevitably and dangerously collide .
be very sweet indeed
the film is n't nearly as downbeat as it sounds , but strikes a tone that 's alternately melancholic , hopeful and strangely funny .
wacky and inspired little film
wacky and inspired
bounds along with the rat-a-tat energy of '' His Girl Friday , ''
bounds along with the rat-a-tat energy of '' His Girl Friday , '' maintaining a light touch while tackling serious themes
bound
boundary-hopping formal innovations and glimpse
bounds along with the rat-a-tat energy of '' His Girl Friday
the film is well-intentioned
mix-and - match metaphors intriguing
`` The Good Girl '' a film worth watching
`` The Dangerous Lives of Altar Boys '' has flaws , but it also has humor and heart and very talented young actors
it 's a fairly impressive debut from the director , Charles Stone III .
make Italian for Beginners worth the journey
invited to a classy dinner soiree
make Gangster No . 1 a worthwhile moviegoing experience .
Gosling provides an amazing performance that dwarfs everything else in the film .
Goodall and her chimpanzees on the bigger-than-life screen
Good fun , good action ,
smart , funny and just honest enough to provide the pleasures of a slightly naughty , just-above-average off - broadway play
is a self-aware , often self-mocking , intelligence .
is a riot .
is a shame that more wo n't get an opportunity to embrace small , sweet ` Evelyn .
it sees those relationships , including that between the son and his wife , and the wife and the father , and between the two brothers , with incredible subtlety and acumen .
it proves surprisingly serviceable
it provides a fresh view of an old type
it reminds you how pertinent its dynamics remain
the whole of Safe Conduct
the way that it took chances and really asks you to take these great leaps of faith and pays off
the whole thing works
the wide-ranging effects
dainty psychological
dainty psychological terror on the outside with a creamy filling of familial jealousy and unrepentant domestic psychopathy
dainty psychological terror on the outside with a creamy filling of familial jealousy and unrepentant domestic psychopathy .
winning combination
to be mesmerised
win over the most hard-hearted cynics
wind
some intriguing questions about the difference between human and android life
wins you over .
winsome cast
Two hours fly by -- opera 's a pleasure when you do n't have to endure intermissions -- and even a novice to the form comes away exhilarated .
Two hours fly by -- opera 's a pleasure when you do n't have to endure intermissions -- and even a novice to the form comes away exhilarated
Two hours fly by -- opera 's a pleasure when you do n't have to endure intermissions -- and
Two hours fly by -- opera 's a pleasure when you do n't have to endure intermissions --
Two hours fly by
about the general absurdity of modern life
about the film , which very simply sets out to entertain and ends up delivering in good measure
about the hypocrisies of our time
about the grandiosity of a college student who sees himself as impervious to a fall
leaves you cool
leaves you with a few lingering animated thoughts
leaves you intriguingly contemplative .
in the face that 's simultaneously painful and refreshing
of right-thinking ideology , either liberal or conservative
moved by the emotional tumult of ( François and Michèle 's ) relationship
decisive
deceptively simple , deeply satisfying
decided to let Crocodile Hunter Steve Irwin do what he does best , and fashion a story around him .
decided to let Crocodile Hunter Steve Irwin do what he does best , and fashion a story around him
co-writer\/director Peter Jackson 's expanded vision
teaming
tear-drenched
otherworldly quality
otherworldly
other times candidly revealing
others to stand up and applaud
otherwise intense , twist-and-turn thriller
otherwise intense
the goods and audiences will have a fun , no-frills ride
, you can enjoy much of Jonah simply , and gratefully , as laugh-out-loud lunacy with a pronounced Monty Pythonesque flavor .
, you come to believe that Nachtwey hates the wars he shows and empathizes with the victims he reveals .
such likeable actors
makes s & m seem very romantic , and maggie gyllenhaal is a delight
makes s & m seem very romantic , and maggie gyllenhaal is a delight .
will quickly
will revel in those visual in-jokes , as in the film 's verbal pokes at everything from the likes of Miramax chief Harvey Weinstein 's bluff personal style to the stylistic rigors of Denmark 's Dogma movement
ultimate point -- that everyone should be themselves --
ultimate passion
ultimate thrills . Men
will play equally well on both the standard and giant screens
will play equally well on both the standard and giant screens .
'll know a star when you see one .
'll have an idea of the film 's creepy , scary effectiveness .
'll see Del Toro has brought unexpected gravity to Blade II
, you 're engulfed by it .
foul , freaky and funny .
freaky and funny
freaky scenes where the crew wonder if they 're ghosts imagining themselves as alive . It 's a sly wink to The Others without becoming a postmodern joke
, wonderful
, you 'll be more acquainted with the tiniest details of Tom Hanks ' face than his wife is
, you 'll cheer . Otherwise , maybe .
, you 'll like Promises .
, you 'll like it .
look at that clever angle ! Wow , a jump cut !
it displays something more important : respect for its flawed , crazy people
it deserved all the hearts it won -- and wins still , 20 years later .
it does give exposure to some talented performers
it does have some very funny sequences
it does because ( the leads ) are such a companionable couple
on the cinematic front
As comedic spotlights go , Notorious C . H . O . hits all the verbal marks
As comedic spotlights go , Notorious C . H . O . hits all the verbal marks it should .
As giddy and whimsical and relevant today
As giddy and whimsical and relevant today as it was 270 years ago .
As gory as the scenes of torture and self-mutilation may be , they are pitted against shimmering cinematography that lends the setting the ethereal beauty of an Asian landscape painting .
TNT
Jagger 's bone-dry , mournfully brittle delivery that gives the film its bittersweet bite
make the film touching
make the award-winning Coen brothers envious
make its way past my crappola radar and
is less about a superficial midlife crisis than it is about the need to stay in touch with your own skin , at 18 or 80 .
happiest
eventual cult classic
happy ending
happy to listen to them reading the phone book
happiest surprise
happiest surprise , a movie that deals with a real subject in an always surprising way
like a '' Big Chill '' reunion of the Baader-Meinhof Gang , only these guys are more harmless pranksters than political activists
like `
like The Hours as an alternative
immensely entertaining , a David and Goliath story that 's still very much playing itself out
amazing and incendiary movie
amazement
amateurishly made but a winsome cast and nice dialogue keeps it going .
always relates to characters and story
Wise and deadpan
Wise
Wilson and Murphy show how funny they could have been in a more ambitious movie
Wilson and Murphy
manages to be uplifting but not overly sentimental
manages to delight without much of a story
Wise and deadpan humorous .
drama .
down-to-earth Bullock
's the sweet Cinderella story that '' Pretty Woman
's the brilliant surfing photography bringing you right inside the massive waves that lifts Blue Crush into one of the summer 's most pleasurable movies
's the brilliant surfing photography bringing you right inside the massive waves that lifts Blue Crush into one of the summer 's most pleasurable movies .
's the cute frissons of discovery and humor between Chaplin and Kidman that keep this nicely wound clock not just ticking , but humming .
's the image that really tells the tale
's the mark of a documentary that works
from any cinematic razzle-dazzle but from its recovery of an historical episode that , in the simple telling , proves simultaneously harrowing and uplifting
from a woodland stream
from a surprisingly sensitive script co-written
case while
charm or texture
smartest
charisma and ability
charismatic star
the stunning star
the sturdiest example yet
borrows a bit from the classics '' Wait Until Dark '' and '' Extremities '' ... But in terms of its style , the movie is in a class by itself .
ends well ,
ends well
it 's shot on digital video , whose tiny camera enables Shafer to navigate spaces both large ... and small ... with considerable aplomb
it 's really well directed
it 's one tough rock .
it 's pleasant enough
the ensemble cast is engaging enough to keep you from shifting in your chair too often
baroque beauty
barely stops moving , portraying both the turmoil of the time and giving Conduct a perpetual sense of urgency , which , for a film that takes nearly three hours to unspool , is both funny and irritating .
Overcomes its visual hideousness with a sharp script and strong performances .
Ozpetek 's effort has the scope and shape of an especially well-executed television movie .
P . T . Anderson understands the grandness of romance
a heartfelt appeal
a heartfelt appeal for the handicapped than a nice Belgian waffle
a heart , mind or humor
a heart , mind or humor of its own
the equal of some of its predecessors
Serry does a fine job of capturing the climate of the times and , perhaps unwittingly , relating it to what is happening in America in 2002 . But hard-to-believe plot twists force the movie off track in its final half hour .
Serry does a fine job of capturing the climate of the times and , perhaps unwittingly , relating it to what is happening in America in 2002 .
production values & Christian Bale 's charisma make up for a derivative plot
originality and delight
Not only a coming-of-age story and cautionary parable , but also a perfectly rendered period piece .
Not only a coming-of-age story and cautionary parable , but also a perfectly rendered period piece
originality , cleverness or even visible
Not only is it a charming , funny and beautifully crafted import , it uses very little dialogue , making it relatively effortless to read and follow the action at the same time .
Mel Brooks ' Borscht Belt schtick look sophisticated
this pretty watchable
this prickly indie comedy of manners and misanthropy
this refreshing visit
is faithful to both architectural glories and commanding open spaces of the city
these components combine into one terrific story with lots of laughs
adult surprises
Almodóvar style
was long , intricate , star-studded and visually flashy
the spark of imagination that might have made it an exhilarating
was more diverting and thought-provoking than I 'd expected it to be
was more diverting and thought-provoking
the spontaneity , originality and delight
for the uncompromising knowledge that the highest power of all is the power of love
this material could work , especially since the actresses in the lead roles are all more than competent
female audience members drooling over Michael Idemoto as Michael
Talk To Her is not the perfect movie many have made it out to be , but it 's still quite worth seeing
Talk To Her is not the perfect movie many have made it out to be , but it 's still quite worth seeing .
blond honeys
enough to leave the screen sizzling with intrigue
enough to make it abundantly clear that this movie phenomenon has once again reinvented itself for a new generation
enough to recommend
enough to see it
this much imagination
this much imagination and
who have used the emigre experience to explore same-sex culture in ways that elude the more nationally settled
this much imagination and nerve
this natural grain
of screen-eating dominatrixes like Goldie Hawn and Susan Sarandon at their raunchy
of sentimentality
of shallow magnificence that only sex , scandal , and a chorus line of dangerous damsels can deliver
of shallow magnificence
of sharp , smart satire
this shimmering , beautifully costumed and
this shimmering , beautifully costumed and filmed production
does leave you marveling at these guys ' superhuman capacity to withstand pain
bright stars
bright on this frozen tundra soap opera that breathes extraordinary life into the private existence of the Inuit people
bright , inventive
bright and
avoids the stupid cliches and formulaic potholes that befall its brethren .
holds for many urban dwellers
look smart and sassy
holds the film together with an engaging and warm performance
holds the film together with an engaging and warm performance ...
homage to art
look remarkably clean for a guy who has been mass-murdering since 1978 but has never been seen doing laundry
Most thrillers send audiences out talking about specific scary scenes or startling moments ; `` Frailty '' leaves us with the terrifying message that the real horror may be waiting for us at home .
to be commended for its straight-ahead approach to creepiness
is well-acted by James Spader and Maggie Gyllenhaal
is well-made
nice concept
nice to watch a movie that has n't been focus-grouped into tedium
a bit of heart
a bit of heart and unsettling subject matter
a bit of the dry humor that first made audiences on both sides of the Atlantic love him
inventive and artful
invariably shake up the formula and make it more interesting .
intriguing thriller
intriguing look
intriguing cinematic omnibus
invade an abundance of mindsets
intuitively that even morality is reduced to an option by the ultimate mysteries of life and death
inquisitive film
creative
creates an emotionally rich , poetically plump and visually fulsome , but never showy , film whose bittersweet themes are reinforced and brilliantly personified by Michel Piccoli .
creative fountainheads
creative interference
creative , natural and ancient antidotes
creative forces
funny ! B . )
funny !
funny ! B .
funniest person
funniest thing
funnier and more innocent
funnier film
funnier and
than in Mary and most other recent comedies
than its predecessors is that Myers is no longer simply spoofing the mini-mod-madness of '60s spy movies
than live-action cartoons
` What 's the Russian word for Wow !? '
inherent in how medical aid is made available to American workers
inherently
inherently funny
ingenious and often harrowing
inhabit into a poem of art , music and metaphor
The format gets used best
The format gets used best ... to capture the dizzying heights achieved by motocross and BMX riders , whose balletic hotdogging occasionally ends in bone-crushing screwups .
children , a heartfelt romance for teenagers
The inherent strength of the material as well as the integrity of the filmmakers
ambitiously naturalistic
The inherent strength of the material as well as the integrity of the filmmakers gives this coming-of-age story restraint as well as warmth .
spirit , purpose
an excellent
the survivors
this laughable dialogue
this laboratory of laughter
a wildly inventive mixture of comedy and melodrama
a winning , heartwarming yarn
a wide summer audience
a wild-and-woolly , wall-to-wall good time
a wildly inventive mixture
a wild ride
a wild ride that relies on more than special effects
3 Oscar winners
3000
be having so much fun with the slapstick antics and silly street patois
the very top rank
motivated
most wondrous love story
mostly due to its superior cast
with the precision of the insurance actuary
be paying it a compliment
About One Thing '' is an intelligent flick that examines many different ideas from happiness to guilt in an intriguing bit of storytelling
About One Thing is a small gem .
About as big a crowdpleaser as they possibly come .
About Schmidt is undoubtedly one of the finest films of the year . If you 're not deeply touched by this movie , check your pulse .
that clever angle
is something quite fresh and delightful .
that deals with first love sweetly
that damn good
is shapelessly gratifying , the kind of movie that invites you to pick apart its faults even as you have to admit that somehow it hit you where you live
is realistic and greatly moving
is razor sharp
is something quite fresh and delightful
is so accessible that it makes complex politics understandable to viewers looking for nothing but energetic entertainment
is simply sublime
is shapelessly gratifying , the kind of movie that invites you to pick apart its faults even as you have to admit that somehow it hit you where you live .
At times a bit melodramatic and even a little dated ( depending upon where you live ) , Ignorant Fairies is still quite good-natured and not a bad way to spend an hour or two .
festive
At times Auto Focus feels so distant you might as well be watching it through a telescope . Yet in its own aloof , unreachable way it 's so fascinating you wo n't be able to look away for a second .
At times THE GUYS taps into some powerful emotions
At times THE GUYS taps into some powerful emotions ,
At times THE GUYS taps into some powerful emotions , but
who is great fun to watch performing in a film that is only mildly diverting
I found The Ring moderately absorbing , largely for its elegantly colorful look and sound .
I found it intriguing , bizarre , Dogma-like in spots - and quite truthful , in its way
I have been waiting my whole life for this movie
I have no way of knowing exactly how much is exaggeration , but I 've got a creepy feeling that the film is closer to the mark than I want to believe
, it delivers the same message as Jiri Menzel 's Closely Watched Trains and Danis Tanovic 's No Man 's Land .
instead comes far closer than many movies to expressing the way many of us live -- someplace between consuming self-absorption and insistently demanding otherness .
inspiring and pure joy
instead of dead brilliant
intelligent French drama
intelligent film
... had this much imagination and nerve
... enthusiastically invokes the percussion rhythm , the brass soul and the sense of fierce competition that helps make great marching bands half the fun of college football games .
... director John Schultz colors the picture in some evocative shades .
... fuses the events of her life with the imagery in her paintings so vividly that the artist 's work may take on a striking new significance for anyone who sees the film .
... and excellent use of music by India 's popular Gulzar and Jagjit Singh
... deliver a riveting and surprisingly romantic ride .
particularly impressive
particular New Yorkers deeply touched by an unprecedented tragedy
it fascinating
an issue movie that 's so honest and keenly observed that it does n't feel like one .
an undeniably fascinating and playful fellow
an issue movie that 's so honest and keenly observed that it does n't feel like one
that transcends language
Awesome creatures
Awesome
Australia is a weirdly beautiful place
Australia : Land Beyond Time is an enjoyable Big Movie primarily because Australia is a weirdly beautiful place .
push-the-limits
faults are easy to forgive because the intentions are lofty
because they love what they do
because this girl knows how to drive it to the max
because this film , unlike other Dumas adaptations , is far more likened to a treasure than a lengthy jail sentence
becomes a heady experience .
becomes a heady experience
of the highest and the performances
both traditional
Chalk it up to my adoration for both De Niro and Murphy , but I had a pretty good time with this movie - despite its myriad flaws
Chalk it up to my adoration for both De Niro and Murphy ,
Chalk it up to my adoration for both De Niro and Murphy , but
Children may not understand everything that happens -- I 'm not sure even Miyazaki himself does -- but they will almost certainly be fascinated , and undoubtedly delighted
favor of sentimental war movies
warm the hearts of animation enthusiasts of all ages
favor of tradition and warmth
high-energy action stylings
especially well
especially realistic
esquerdo . E aqueles que decidiram
understands the grandness of romance
, much better .
utter cuteness
witty .
, Byler reveals the ways in which a sultry evening or a beer-fueled afternoon in the sun can inspire even the most retiring heart to venture forth .
utterly convincing
utmost subtlety and perception
the lines work
's about following your dreams
's about following your dreams ,
continue to impress
continues to cut a swathe through mainstream Hollywood , while retaining an integrity and refusing to compromise his vision
's a testament to the film 's considerable charm that it succeeds in entertaining , despite playing out like a feature-length sitcom replete with stereotypical familial quandaries
's a testament to the film 's considerable charm that it succeeds in entertaining , despite playing out like a feature-length sitcom replete with stereotypical familial quandaries .
's a treat -- a delightful , witty , improbable romantic comedy with a zippy jazzy score
's a very very strong `` B +
's a very very strong `` B + .
's a very very strong `` B + . ''
's a work that , with humor , warmth , and intelligence , captures a life interestingly lived .
usually ignored in contemporary American film .
Screenwriter Dan Schneider and director Shawn Levy
CGI animation
Byler reveals his characters in a way that intrigues and even fascinates us
Byler reveals his characters in a way that intrigues and even fascinates us , and he never reduces the situation to simple melodrama .
a stab at soccer hooliganism ,
a standard-issue crime drama spat out from the Tinseltown assembly line .
reach the emotion or timelessness of Disney 's great past , or even that of more recent successes such as '' Mulan '' or '' Tarzan .
reach the emotion or timelessness of Disney 's great past , or even that of more recent successes such as '' Mulan '' or '' Tarzan . ''
this Oscar-nominated documentary takes you there .
the kind of movie that entertains even as it turns maddeningly predictable
Frailty '' has been written so well , that even a simple `` Goddammit ! ''
For this reason and this reason only -- the power of its own steadfast , hoity-toity convictions -- Chelsea Walls deserves a medal .
For those who pride themselves on sophisticated , discerning taste , this might not seem like the proper cup of tea , however it is almost guaranteed that even the stuffiest cinema goers will laugh their \*\*\* off for an hour-and-a-half .
Formuliac , but fun .
invites you to pick apart its faults even as you have to admit that somehow it hit you where you live
inventive and impressive
intriguing window
Perhaps the grossest movie ever made . Funny , though .
Personal Velocity has a no-frills docu-Dogma plainness , yet Miller lingers on invisible , nearly psychic nuances , leaping into digressions of memory and desire . She boxes these women 's souls right open for us .
According to the script , Grant and Bullock 's characters are made for each other .
Sand and Musset are worth particular attention
Sand , who brings to the role her pale , dark beauty and characteristic warmth
cheerfully
cheerfully inconsequential
cheery , down-to-earth
cheery , down-to-earth film
cheery
even the most cynical curmudgeon with find himself or herself smiling at one time or another
even sterile , yet compulsively watchable
even sterile , yet compulsively
even the claustrophobic on-board quarters seem fun .
Never Again '' worthwhile
A lot more dimensional and complex than its sunny disposition
purpose and taste
today 's mood-altering drug therapy been envisioned by chemists in 1949
wondering about the characters ' lives after the clever credits roll
For those who like quirky , slightly strange French films , this is a must !
Foreman 's barking-mad Taylor to Thewlis 's smoothly sinister Freddie and Bettany\/McDowell 's hard-eyed gangster
in to the urge to get on your feet and shake it
in this regard , On Guard delivers
in this regard , On Guard delivers .
in unobtrusively
in two separate groups , those reaching for more tissues and those begging for mercy
for sure
against shimmering cinematography that lends the setting the ethereal beauty of an Asian landscape painting
after decades
Walk to Remember a niche hit
Waldo Salt Screenwriting award
Waiting for Godard can be fruitful : ` In Praise of Love ' is the director 's epitaph for himself .
win any Academy Awards
win you over , in a big way
good ideas
good for this sucker
good deal funnier
good indication
this is cinema
Flashy
may never again be able to look at a red felt Sharpie pen without disgust , a thrill , or the giggles .
may leave the theater with more questions than answers , but darned if your toes wo n't still be tapping .
was so endlessly , grotesquely , inventive
was worth your seven bucks
wears its empowerment
was utterly charming .
an unexpected plot
an unexpected plot twist always pulls it back
that benefits from several funny moments
that beneath the familiar , funny surface is a far bigger , far more meaningful story than one in which little green men come to Earth for harvesting purposes
iconic hero
icily brilliant
the silly spy vs. spy film The Sum of All Fears , starring Ben Affleck , seem downright Hitchcockian
it with Ring , an indisputably spooky film ;
it works
it with Ring ,
it with Ring , an indisputably spooky film
it would count for very little if the movie were n't as beautifully shaped and as delicately calibrated in tone as it is
it would be
is turning in some delightful work on indie projects .
is ultimately
is tuned in to its community .
is turning in some delightful work on indie projects
is tuned in to its community
is ultimately effective enough at achieving the modest , crowd-pleasing goals it sets for itself
is ultimately effective enough at achieving the modest , crowd-pleasing goals it sets for itself .
involving Aragorn 's dreams of Arwen , this is even better than The Fellowship .
involved in creating the layered richness of the imagery in this chiaroscuro of madness and light
surrealist flourishes
consistently amusing
consistent emotional conviction
this Oscar-nominated documentary
destined to be the 21st Century 's new '' Conan '' and that he 's going to make a splash even greater than Arnold Schwarzenegger , Jean-Claud Van Damme or Steven Segal
desire to know the ` truth ' about this man , while deconstructing the very format of the biography in a manner that Derrida would doubtless give his blessing to
deserves any prizes here
derives its power by sticking to the facts
detailed
unique residences
uniquely sensual
keep this fresh .
keep you watching ,
keep you watching , as will the fight scenes
often fascinating
wears its heart
of that moral favorite
of that
of that delicate canon
of tenderness required to give this comic slugfest some heart
often very funny
only need to watch for about thirty seconds before you say to yourself , ` Ah , yes
only mildly funny
girl-woman
gifted
giddily entertaining
giddily
one of the most purely enjoyable and satisfying evenings at the movies I 've had in a while
one of the most beautiful , evocative works I 've seen
one of the year 's most enjoyable releases
one of the rare directors who feels acting is the heart and soul of cinema
one of the best films
one of the finest films of the year
wears its empowerment on its sleeve
the intrigue and suspense and mystery of the whole thing
the isle '' you 'll get a sock-you-in-the-eye flick that is a visual tour-de-force and a story that is unlike any
Discursive but oddly riveting documentary
most important
Cedar 's
Caviezel embodies the transformation of his character completely .
most memorable
most memorable cinema session
Mexico 's most colorful and controversial artists
By and large this is Mr. Kilmer 's movie , and it 's his strongest performance since The Doors
Meyjes ' provocative film
Meyjes ' provocative film might be called an example of the haphazardness of evil .
Takes you by the face , strokes your cheeks and coos beseechingly at you
Takes you by the face , strokes your cheeks and
Takes you by the face , strokes your cheeks and coos beseechingly at you : slow down , shake off your tensions and take this picture at its own breezy , distracted rhythms
Takes you by the face , strokes your cheeks and coos beseechingly at you :
Talk to Her is so darned assured
Takes you by the face , strokes your cheeks and coos beseechingly at you : slow down , shake off your tensions and take this picture at its own breezy , distracted rhythms .
Talk to Her is so darned assured , we have absolutely no idea who the main characters are until the film is well under way -- and yet it 's hard to stop watching .
a study in contrasts ; the wide range of one actor
a strong-minded viewpoint ,
a strong-minded viewpoint , or
a strong-minded viewpoint , or a sense of humor
that recalls the classics of early Italian neorealism
that recreates a place and time that will never happen again
places the good-time shenanigans in welcome perspective
placing their parents
such subtlety and warmth
earnest inquiries
earn their uplift
bright , light modern day family parable
brilliant and
brilliant and macabre
brilliant and the camera
brilliant and the camera just kind of sits there and lets you look at this and its like you 're going from one room to the next and none of them have any relation to the other
brilliant in this
brilliant movie
brilliantly constructed work
brilliantly constructed work .
Richly
Richly entertaining and suggestive
Rich in shadowy metaphor and as sharp as a samurai sword , Jiang Wen 's Devils on the Doorstep is a wartime farce in the alternately comic and gut-wrenching style of Joseph Heller or Kurt Vonnegut .
Rick
Richly entertaining and suggestive of any number of metaphorical readings
Richly entertaining and suggestive of any number of metaphorical readings .
your reward
The story , touching though it is
a handsome and well-made entertainment
gets drawn into the party .
gets over its own investment in conventional arrangements ,
gets off with a good natured warning
The beautiful images and solemn words
unabashedly romantic
A great ending
A gorgeous , somnolent show
that Brown played in American culture as an athlete , a movie star , and an image of black indomitability
that Birthday Girl is the kind of quirkily appealing minor movie she might not make for a while
a heartwarming , nonjudgmental kind of way
popular predecessor
immaculately
immense physical prowess
immerse you
imminently
as a well-made evocation
as a visionary with a tale full of nuance and character dimension
as a very distinctive sensibility , working to develop her own film language with conspicuous success
as a treatise on spirituality as well as a solid sci-fi thriller
as a skillfully assembled , highly polished and professional adaptation ... just about as chilling and unsettling as ` Manhunter '
the perverse pleasure
open-endedness and surprises
, fun-for-fun 's - sake communal spirit goes to the essence of Broadway
, funny , and even touching
, from its promenade of barely clad bodies in Myrtle Beach , S.C. , to the adrenaline jolt of a sudden lunch rush at the diner
, fun , popcorn movies
openly questioning social mores while ensnaring the audience with its emotional pull
growing canon
himself can take credit for most of the movie 's success .
The twist that ends the movie is the one with the most emotional resonance , but twists
represents an engaging and intimate first feature by a talented director to watch
represents an engaging and intimate first feature by a talented director
represents an engaging and intimate first feature
report that the children of varying ages in my audience never coughed , fidgeted or romped up and down the aisles for bathroom breaks
benefit enormously
benefit enormously from the Cockettes ' camera craziness
beloved genres
belongs to the marvelous Verdu , a sexy slip of an earth mother who mourns her tragedies in private and embraces life in public
a delight
a cutesy romantic tale with a twist
a cutesy romantic tale
a date
a cutesy romantic tale with a twist .
satisfy your appetite
chasing who
chase to end all chases
what could have been a confusing and horrifying vision into an intense and engrossing head-trip
what can easily be considered career-best performances
what gives Human Nature its unique feel
what great cinema can really do
teeming that even cranky adults may rediscover the quivering kid inside
technology around a gripping story
technically superb
technically superb film
are fascinated by the mere suggestion of serial killers
it is a kind , unapologetic , sweetheart of a movie , and
of humor and plenty
it is a kind , unapologetic , sweetheart of a movie , and Mandy Moore leaves a positive impression
's still pretty tasty
breathes extraordinary life into the private existence of the Inuit people
breathes extraordinary life
the story subtle and us in suspense
breathe life
breaks your heart
breathe out of every frame .
is Holofcener 's deep , uncompromising curtsy to women she knows , and very likely is .
is Holofcener 's deep , uncompromising curtsy to women she knows , and very likely is
breathe life into this somewhat tired premise
an excellent cast
Michel Piccoli 's moving performance
an excellent choice
Michael Berg , Michael J . Wilson
an excellent 90-minute film
still is
still a worthy addition to the growing canon of post-Saving Private Ryan tributes to the greatest generation
still feel director Denis Villeneuve 's beating heart and the fondness he has for his characters
still are the clear-eyed boldness and quiet irony with which actor and director take on life 's urgent questions .
sticks much closer to Hornby 's drop-dead confessional tone than the film version of High Fidelity did
still , the derivative Nine Queens is lots of fun .
an example of the kind of lush , all-enveloping movie experience
and terribly charismatic , qualities essential to both movie stars and social anarchists
and take a vicarious voyage to the last frontier
and smart
and smacks of originality
and singing heads and all
aims to present an unflinching look at one man 's downfall , brought about by his lack of self-awareness
struggle tragically to comprehend the chasm of knowledge that 's opened between them
evocative and
an exciting , clever story
, music , suspense and action
A stylish cast and some clever scripting solutions
Lux , now in her eighties , does a great combination act as narrator , Jewish grandmother and subject -- taking us through a film that is part biography , part entertainment and part history .
filmmaking without the balm of right-thinking ideology , either liberal or conservative
, moving film that respects its audience and its source material .
, moving and invigorating
everything is delivered with such conviction that it 's hard not to be carried away
, nicely acted and beautifully shot and scored , the film works on several levels , openly questioning social mores while ensnaring the audience with its emotional pull .
thirsty for reflection
is too bad that this likable movie is n't more accomplished .
this Cinderella story
A moving and not infrequently breathtaking film
A moving and not infrequently breathtaking film .
A movie of technical skill and rare depth of intellect and feeling
A movie of technical skill and rare depth of intellect and feeling .
this Cinderella story does n't have a single surprise up its sleeve . But it does somehow manage to get you under its spell .
will please Eastwood 's loyal fans
asks its audience -- in a heartwarming , nonjudgmental kind of way -- to consider what we value in our daily lives
will marvel at the sometimes murky , always brooding look of I Am Trying to Break Your Heart .
will make you think twice about what might be going on inside each trailer park you drive past -- even if it chiefly inspires you to drive a little faster .
It 's funny , as the old saying goes , because it 's true .
It 's hard to believe that a relationship like Holly and Marina 's could survive the hothouse emotions of teendom
rank as one of the cleverest , most deceptively amusing comedies of the year
noble teacher
is it a charming , funny and beautifully crafted import
is it a charming , funny and beautifully crafted import , it uses very little dialogue , making it relatively effortless to read and follow the action at the same time .
is it as smart
the cheese-laced spectacles that pack 'em in on the subcontinent
Animal House . Officially
Andie MacDowell
perfectly competent and often imaginative film
It is a film that will have people walking out halfway through , will encourage others to stand up and applaud , and will , undoubtedly , leave both camps engaged in a ferocious debate for years to come .
It helps that the central performers are experienced actors , and that they know their roles so well .
It has the courage to wonder about big questions with sincerity and devotion . It risks seeming slow and pretentious , because it thinks the gamble is worth the promise .
It is a kickass , dense sci-fi action thriller hybrid that delivers
E . T . just as I hoped I would --
E . T . just as I hoped I would
Duvall is strong as always .
not only to record the events for posterity , but to help us
not only satisfied
not only a detailed historical document , but an engaging and moving portrait of a subculture
A strangely compelling and brilliantly
A strangely compelling and brilliantly acted psychological drama .
A story about intelligent high school students that deals with first love sweetly but also seriously . It is also beautifully acted .
A story about intelligent high school students that deals with first love sweetly but also seriously .
A spellbinding African film about the modern condition of rootlessness , a state experienced by millions around the globe .
A spellbinding African film
A spellbinding African film about the modern condition of rootlessness , a state
kids ' TV
unabashedly hopeful
umpteenth
is amazing , yes
is amazing
is amazing ,
but it 's challenging , sometimes clever , and always interesting
but it also has many of the things that made the first one charming
will likely be appreciated most by sailors and folks who know their way around a submarine
in part to interesting cinematic devices ( cool visual backmasking ) , a solid cast , and some wickedly sick and twisted humor
's worth checking out for the performances alone
in its own aloof , unreachable way it 's so fascinating you wo n't be able to look away for a second .
in itself , is extraordinary .
in love with a girl
Bishop and Stevenson are standouts
Secretary is a genial romance that maintains a surprisingly buoyant tone throughout , notwithstanding some of the writers ' sporadic dips into pop Freudianism .
See Clockstoppers
do films come along that are as intelligent , exuberant , and moving as Monsoon Wedding
Bishop and Stevenson are standouts .
to know the ` truth ' about this man , while deconstructing the very format of the biography in a manner that Derrida would doubtless give his blessing to
to make a splash even greater than Arnold Schwarzenegger , Jean-Claud Van Damme or Steven Segal
nuanced portrait
could n't have brought something fresher to the proceedings simply by accident
but it 's assured , wonderfully respectful of its past and thrilling enough to make it abundantly clear that this movie phenomenon has once again reinvented itself for a new generation .
but it 's a worthy companion to the many fine , focused films emerging from that most surprising of nations .
but it 's also one of the smarter , savvier spoofs to come along in some time .
but it 's extremely well played and often very funny .
but it 's not that , it 's the tension that keeps you in your seat .
but it 's definitely -- defiantly -- ya ya , what with all of those terrific songs and spirited performances .
but it 's easily his finest American film ... comes close to recapturing the brilliance of his Hong Kong films .
but it 's rarely been told with such affecting grace and cultural specificity .
but it 's still pretty tasty .
a fairly irresistible package
a fairly irresistible package full of privileged moments and memorable performances
a familiar road with a few twists
the charisma
wisecracking Mystery Science Theater 3000 guys
wins ` Best Picture '
wiser and
sterling film
heartwarming scene the impressively discreet filmmakers may have expected to record with their mini DV
heartwarming film
heartfelt romance
heartfelt and hilarious
heartfelt and
heartbreakingly thoughtful minor classic
heartbreaking subject matter , but one whose lessons are well worth revisiting as many times as possible
insane comic
the intoxicating fumes
the interviews that follow , with the practitioners of this ancient Indian practice , are as subtle and as enigmatic
the intoxicating fumes and emotional ghosts of a freshly painted Rembrandt
the intoxicating fumes and
their heroic capacity for good
Director Peter Kosminsky gives these women a forum to demonstrate their acting ` chops ' and they take full advantage .
Director Peter Kosminsky gives these women a forum to demonstrate their acting ` chops ' and they take full advantage
Director Peter Kosminsky gives these women a forum to demonstrate their acting ` chops ' and
Director Peter Kosminsky gives these women a forum to demonstrate their acting ` chops '
Director Paul Cox 's unorthodox , abstract approach to visualizing Nijinsky 's diaries is both stimulating and demanding .
Director Paul Cox 's unorthodox , abstract approach
cleverness , wit or
Director Todd Solondz has made a movie about critical reaction to his two previous movies , and about his responsibility to the characters that he creates .
their heroic capacity
the historical period and
the highs and lows
tasty morsels
tear-jerking
handles it in the most unexpected way
handled affair , a film about human darkness but etched with a light ( yet unsentimental ) touch
humanizing stuff
humanly possible
human emotion
no heartstring untugged and no liberal cause
no heartstring untugged and
buoyant feeling
sweet , harmless
Les
heal using creative , natural and ancient antidotes
manages to outshine the role
manages to outshine the role and successfully plays the foil to Willis 's world-weary colonel .
manages to outshine the role and successfully plays the foil to Willis 's world-weary colonel
right tone
eye-popping
eye-popping visual effects
fantasy
to cling to the edge of your seat , tense with suspense
paved with good intentions
peace yet another chance
past the fantastical aspects and harsh realities of '' The Isle '' you 'll get a sock-you-in-the-eye flick that is a visual tour-de-force and a story that is unlike any
its writer-director 's
remarkably well
Laugh-out-loud lines ,
un buen ejemplo de lo que es el cine de entretenimiento puro y sin complejos
un buen ejemplo
I saw it as a young boy
delivered with such conviction
I still like Moonlight Mile , better judgment be damned .
ultimately touching
as some of the better drug-related pictures
as simple self-reflection meditation
whose achievements -- and complexities -- reached far beyond the end zone
giggle a minute . Over age 15 ?
gifting the most sympathetic male of the piece
gifted as Hoffman
The furious coherence
The furious coherence that ( DeNiro ) brings to this part
mildly engaging central romance
Abbas infuses the role with an unimpeachable core of emotional truth
Abbas infuses the role with an unimpeachable core of emotional truth .
A yarn that respects the Marvel version without becoming
A yarn that respects the Marvel version without becoming ensnared by it .
celluloid heaven
celebrates the group 's playful spark of nonconformity , glancing vividly back at what Hibiscus grandly called his ` angels of light .
celebrates the group 's playful spark of nonconformity , glancing vividly back at what Hibiscus grandly called his ` angels of light
I loved on first sight and , even more important , love in remembrance .
I loved the look of this film .
interwoven
I like that Smith , he 's not making fun of these people , he 's not laughing at them .
I like this movie a lot .
I like this movie a lot . I like that Smith , he 's not making fun of these people , he 's not laughing at them .
I liked it because it was so endlessly , grotesquely , inventive .
I love the opening scenes of a wintry New York City in 1899 . Cinematic poetry showcases the city 's old-world charm before machines change nearly everything .
I loved on first sight and , even more important
I loved on first sight and , even more important ,
many fine
a pianist , but a good human being
a philosophical visual coming right
a phenomenal band with such an engrossing story that will capture the minds and hearts of many
liberated from the constraints of formula ,
an action hero with table manners , and one who proves that elegance is more than tattoo deep
an admirable one
an action hero with table manners ,
an action hero with table manners
an action film that delivers on the promise of excitement
an action cartoon that 's suspenseful enough for older kids but not too scary for the school-age crowd
all aspects with the fullness
all adds up to good fun .
all , The Count of Monte Cristo
akin to the story the film portrays
Wonder of wonders -- a teen movie with a humanistic message
Wonder of wonders -- a teen movie with a humanistic message .
Woo has as much right to make a huge action sequence as any director
Witty dialog between realistic characters showing honest emotions
Witty dialog between realistic characters showing honest emotions . It 's touching and tender and proves that even in sorrow you can find humor . Like blended shades of lipstick , these components combine into one terrific story with lots of laughs .
Wonder of wonders
Wonder of wonders --
Woody Allen can write and deliver a one liner as well as anybody .
Woody Allen can write and deliver a one liner as well as anybody . But
This rich , bittersweet Israeli documentary ,
This rich , bittersweet Israeli documentary
This quiet , introspective and entertaining independent is worth seeking .
This rich , bittersweet Israeli documentary , about the life of song-and-dance-man Pasach ` ke Burstein and his family ,
This rich , bittersweet Israeli documentary , about the life of song-and-dance-man Pasach ` ke Burstein and his family
lie not through dishonesty , but because they genuinely believe it 's the only way to bring happiness to their loved ones
action-packed film
treats Ana 's journey with honesty that is tragically rare in the depiction of young women in film .
treasure .
treats Ana 's journey with honesty that is tragically rare in the depiction of young women in film
treasure and
which imbue the theme with added depth and resonance
which are such that we 'll keep watching the skies for his next project
insightful writer\/director
meets so many of the challenges it poses for itself that one can forgive the film its flaws
Pretty
Pretty darn good , despite its smarty-pants aura .
Pray 's film
Pray 's film works well and will appeal even to those who are n't too familiar with turntablism .
Bette Davis , cast as Joan ,
Bette Davis , cast as Joan , would have killed him
able to muster a lot of emotional resonance in the cold vacuum of space
a cousin to blade runner than like a bottom-feeder sequel in the escape from new york series
full-length classic
a competent , unpretentious
a competent , unpretentious entertainment
a competent , unpretentious entertainment destined to fill the after-school slot at shopping mall theaters across the country
Darkly funny and frequently insightful .
Darkly funny and frequently insightful
Darkly funny and
Dave Barry 's
Daughter From Danang sticks with its subjects a little longer and tells a deeper story
Dave Barry 's popular book of the same name
Dave Barry 's popular book
the movie addresses a hungry need for pg-rated , nonthreatening family movies
` what 's the russian word for wow ! ?
Obvious politics and rudimentary animation reduce the chances that the appeal of Hey Arnold ! The Movie will reach far beyond its core demographic .
Occasionally funny , sometimes inspiring ,
I 'm going to give it a marginal thumbs up . I liked it just enough .
I 'm not a fan of the phrase ` life affirming ' because it usually means ` schmaltzy , ' but Real Women Have Curves truly is life affirming
I 'm not a fan of the phrase ` life affirming ' because it usually means ` schmaltzy , ' but Real Women Have Curves truly is life affirming .
` urban comedy '
respectably
story and theme
story to suit the sensibilities of a young American , a decision that plucks '' The Four Feathers '' bare
Reminiscent
Reminiscent of Alfred Hitchcock 's thrillers , most of the scary parts in ` Signs '
Reggio and Glass put on an intoxicating show .
Remarkable
Remarkable for its excellent storytelling , its economical , compressed characterisations and for its profound humanity
Remarkable for its excellent storytelling , its economical , compressed characterisations and for its profound humanity , it 's an adventure story and history lesson all in one .
Remarkable for its intelligence and intensity
Remarkable for its intelligence and intensity .
the familiar masterpiece
the familiar by amalgamating genres and adding true human complexity to its not-so-stock characters
the familiar by amalgamating genres and adding true human complexity
the faithful
Plus , like I already mentioned ... it 's Robert Duvall !
Plummer steals the show without resorting to camp as Nicholas ' wounded and wounding Uncle Ralph .
Anna Battista , an Italian superstar and
Anna Battista , an Italian superstar
Andy Garcia enjoys one of his richest roles in years and Mick Jagger gives his best movie performance since , well , Performance
Andy Garcia enjoys one of his richest roles in years and
Anchored by a terrific performance
The picture uses humor and a heartfelt conviction to tell a story about discovering your destination in life , but also acknowledging the places , and the people , from whence you came
The picture uses humor and a heartfelt conviction to tell a story about discovering your destination in life , but also acknowledging the places , and the people , from whence you came .
The picture uses humor and a heartfelt conviction to tell a story about discovering your destination in life ,
The picture uses humor and a heartfelt conviction to tell a story about discovering your destination in life , but
The picture uses humor and a heartfelt conviction to tell a story about discovering your destination in life
The performances are amiable and committed , and the comedy more often than not hits the bullseye
make Enough into ` an inspiring tale of survival wrapped in the heart-pounding suspense of a stylish psychological thriller '
make `` The Good Girl '' a film worth watching
different , unusual , even nutty
die-hard French film connoisseurs
the group 's playful spark of nonconformity
The creative animation work may not look as fully ` rendered ' as Pixar 's industry standard , but it uses lighting effects and innovative backgrounds to an equally impressive degree
of exceptional honesty
of epic scale
The complex , politically charged tapestry of contemporary Chinese life this exciting new filmmaker has brought to the screen
The complex , politically charged tapestry
The creative animation work
that flow through the Hollywood pipeline without a hitch
's not too fast and not too slow .
's one of the most beautiful , evocative works I 've seen
his brawny frame and cool , composed delivery
, David Caesar has stepped into the mainstream of filmmaking with an assurance worthy of international acclaim and with every cinematic tool well under his control -- driven by a natural sense for what works on screen .
, Beneath Clouds establishes Sen as a filmmaker of considerable potential .
, About a Boy injects just enough freshness into the proceedings to provide an enjoyable 100 minutes in a movie theater .
an uncommonly human character , an almost real-live girl complete with trouble and hope
and , at the same time , is so fresh and free of the usual thriller nonsense that it all seems to be happening for the first time
and Dennis Quaid is its athletic heart .
and , once you get through the accents , All or Nothing becomes an emotional , though still positive , wrench of a sit .
the most enjoyable
that gets under your skin
this 20th anniversary edition of the film
make a splash even greater
made richer by his own experiences ,
made richer by his own experiences , making his other movies somehow richer in the bargain
made richer
made richer by his own experiences
becomes an emotional , though still positive , wrench of a sit
beaut
because it is full of necessary discussion points
because it is so accessible that it makes complex politics understandable to viewers looking for nothing but energetic entertainment
because we would expect nothing less from this bunch
because you ca n't wait to see what they do next
look back at civil disobedience , anti-war movements and the power of strong voices .
homage
historically significant
demonstrates that the director of such Hollywood blockbusters as Patriot Games can still turn out a small , personal film with an emotional wallop .
honesty , insight and humor
honoring
hop beat
hopeful and , perhaps paradoxically , illuminated
is a commentary about our knowledge of films
is a dark , gritty , sometimes funny little gem .
is a dark , gritty , sometimes funny little gem
worthy of a place alongside the other Hannibal movies
worth the trip to the theatre
worthwhile environmental message
would -- with moist eyes
bravery
breathtaking
bravado
bravado kathy
brimming
A subtle , poignant picture
A subtle , poignant picture of goodness that is flawed , compromised and sad
we go to the cinema : to be fed through the eye , the heart , the mind
we fully understand all the sexual permutations involved
way to spend ninety minutes
way to effectively teach kids about the dangers of drugs
keeping an eye out for his next project
a welcome and heartwarming addition
that works as a treatise on spirituality as well as a solid sci-fi thriller
that work -- is charming , is moving
that without once denying the hardscrabble lives of people on the economic fringes of Margaret Thatcher 's ruinous legacy , he insists on the importance of those moments when people can connect and express their love for each other
that works on any number of levels
that works even without vulgarity , sex scenes , and cussing
that works both as a detailed personal portrait and as a rather frightening examination of modern times
and , through it all , human
and , because of its heightened , well-shaped dramas , twice as powerful
keeps the film constantly taut ... reflecting the character 's instability with a metaphorical visual style and an unnerving , heartbeat-like score .
a detailed historical document
a detailed historical document ,
a detailed historical document , but an engaging and moving portrait of a subculture
modernize it with encomia
's worth checking out for the performances alone .
positive impression
positively
possibilities
speak to the ways in which need , history and presumption tangle
speak for it while it forces you to ponder anew what a movie can be .
speak for it while it forces you to ponder anew what a movie can be
speak to the ways in which need , history and presumption tangle , and sometimes
speak to the ways in which need , history and presumption tangle , and
speak to the ways in which need , history and presumption tangle ,
for casting , often resurrecting performers who rarely work in movies now ... and drawing flavorful performances from bland actors
for controversy
sets Ms . Birot 's film apart from others in the genre is a greater attention to the parents -- and particularly the fateful fathers -- in the emotional evolution of the two bewitched adolescents
witty and sophisticated
Brings awareness to an issue often overlooked --
Brings awareness to an issue often overlooked
Bring tissues .
Bring tissues
Brings awareness to an issue
Brings awareness
Brings an irresistible blend of warmth and humor and a consistent embracing humanity in the face of life 's harshness .
Brings an irresistible blend of warmth and humor and a consistent embracing humanity in the face of life 's harshness
down-and-dirty laugher
with a serious exploration of ego and jealousy
with a rawness that that is both unflinching and tantalizing
with a metaphorical visual style and an unnerving , heartbeat-like score
with a great meet-cute gimmick .
with a great meet-cute gimmick
with a bravura lead performance by Bruce Campbell that does n't deserve to leave the building until everyone is aware of it
that elusive , lovely place
freakish
agreed
sent my spirit soaring out of the theater
sensitive and expertly
sensitive , extraordinarily well-acted drama
a better celebration
a shrewd and effective film from a director who understands how to create and sustain a mood
of sexy intrigue
Oscar-winning master
Oscar caliber cast
race and culture forcefully told , with superb performances throughout
radiant
radiant character portrait
Lee 's achievement extends to his supple understanding of the role that Brown played in American culture as an athlete , a movie star , and an image of black indomitability .
Lee does so marvelously compelling is present Brown as a catalyst for the struggle of black manhood in restrictive and chaotic America ... sketchy but nevertheless gripping portrait of Jim Brown , a celebrated wonder in the spotlight
Leguizamo 's best movie work
Left me with the visceral sensation of longing , lasting traces of Charlotte 's web of desire and desperation .
Leguizamo 's best movie work so far
Leguizamo 's best movie work so far ,
expert comic timing
expert fighters
a nostalgic , twisty yarn that will keep them guessing
a one-of-a-kind tour de force
rousing ,
valuable
as Cho appears to have settled comfortably into her skin
as Frida and ... a star-making project
extends to his supple understanding of the role that Brown played in American culture as an athlete , a movie star , and an image of black indomitability
extends to his supple understanding of the role that Brown played in American culture as an athlete , a movie star , and an image of black indomitability .
extant stardom
extends to his supple understanding of the role
exquisite , unfakable sense
exquisite acting
exquisite craftsmanship
romantic innocence and
rude , scarily funny , sorrowfully sympathetic to the damage it surveys
It 's more enjoyable than I expected , though , and that 's because the laughs come from fairly basic comedic constructs
It 's more enjoyable than I expected , though
It 's more enjoyable than I expected , though ,
It 's more enjoyable than I expected , though , and
A carefully structured
A captivating cross-cultural comedy of manners .
the recent Argentine film Son of the Bride reminded us that a feel-good movie can still show real heart
the real-life story is genuinely inspirational
A byzantine melodrama
A breezy , diverting , conventional , well-acted tale of two men locked in an ongoing game of cat-and-cat .
A byzantine melodrama that stimulates the higher brain functions as well as the libido .
A candid and often fascinating documentary
A captivating cross-cultural comedy
A candid and often fascinating documentary about a Pentecostal church in Dallas that assembles an elaborate haunted house each year to scare teenagers into attending services .
, boredom never takes hold .
, beyond the astute direction of Cardoso and beautifully detailed performances by all of the actors , is a note of defiance over social dictates .
, big-hearted and frequently funny thrill
, biting and witty feature
, Mr. Nelson has made a film that is an undeniably worthy and devastating experience .
, Miller digs into their very minds to find an unblinking , flawed humanity .
, Minority Report commands interest almost solely as an exercise in gorgeous visuals .
, Mr. Allen has surpassed himself with the magic he 's spun with the Hollywood empress of Ms. Leoni 's Ellie .
, Mr. Audiard 's direction is fluid and quick .
, Mr. Koury 's passive technique eventually begins to yield some interesting results .
and in that way that makes us consider our own eccentricities and how they are expressed through our homes
and in spite of numerous minor flaws , Scorsese 's best in more than a decade .
and in hindsight , it is n't even all that dumb
and ingenious entertainment
beautiful , unusual music
the dark , challenging tune
cinema history as the only movie ever
rousing , invigorating
fairly well
his most personal work yet .
been delivered to the big screen safe and sound , the way we like our 20-year-old superstar girls to travel on the fame freeway
, this is a terrific flick replete with dazzling camera-work , dancing and music .
, this is successful as a film , while at the same time being a most touching reconsideration of the familiar masterpiece .
, this is a coming-of-age story with a twist
, this documentary engages your brain in a way few current films do .
, this depiction of fluctuating female sexuality has two winning lead performances and charm to spare .
, this second go-round
Hatosy ... portrays young Brendan with his usual intelligence and subtlety , not to mention a convincing brogue .
Hatfield and Hicks make the oddest of couples , and in this sense the movie becomes a study of the gambles of the publishing world , offering a case study that exists apart from all the movie 's political ramifications
Hatfield and Hicks make the oddest of couples , and in this sense the movie becomes a study of the gambles of the publishing world , offering a case study that exists apart from all the movie 's political ramifications .
you could change tables
Hawn and Sarandon form an acting bond that makes The Banger Sisters a fascinating character study with laughs to spare .
has its share of belly laughs ( including a knockout of a closing line )
has its moments , but ultimately
has its moments
has its heart ( and its palate ) in the right place
has its heart ( and its palate )
is just fine
us of brilliant crime dramas
ability to think
use of his particular talents .
use of his particular talents
use a few good laughs
, não há como negar o brilhantismo da argumentação de seu diretor .
a Luis Buñuel film
the imagination to germinate
vivid , spicy footnote
that could not be improved upon
vivid imagination
that could lead a man across centuries
There are a few stabs at absurdist comedy ...
There 's a disreputable air about the whole thing , and that 's what makes it irresistible
There are as many misses as hits , but ultimately , it finds humor in the foibles of human behavior ,
There are a few stabs at absurdist comedy ... but mostly the humor is of the sweet , gentle and occasionally cloying kind that has become an Iranian specialty
There are as many misses as hits , but ultimately , it finds humor in the foibles of human behavior , and
There are times when A Rumor of Angels plays like an extended episode of Touched by an Angel -- a little too much dancing , a few too many weeping scenes -- but I liked its heart and its spirit
There has been much puzzlement among critics about what the election symbolizes . I believe the message is in the messenger : The agent is a woman
low-key romantic comedy
loyal fans
comedy\/thriller .
visually graceful
world-class filmmaker
, a deadpan suspense
, a David and Goliath story that 's still very much playing itself out
, Sayles ' smart wordplay and clever plot contrivances are as sharp as ever , though they may be overshadowed by some strong performances .
, aggressive and alive
, a sucker for a good old fashion romance and someone who shamelessly loves to eat , then Mostly Martha offers all the perfect ingredients to more than satisfy your appetite .
, a genre movie that delivers -- in a couple of genres , no less .
, an almost real-live girl
of casual realism
of brilliant crime dramas
of both adventure and song
to bodacious
featuring some of the year 's best acting
At heart the movie is a deftly wrought suspense yarn whose richer shadings work as coloring rather than substance .
At its best early on as
At its best early on as it plays the culture clashes between the brothers .
in the way they help increase an average student 's self-esteem
honorably Mexican and burns its Kahlories with conviction .
a gorgeously strange movie , heaven
Return to Neverland manages to straddle the line between another classic for the company
that makes you want to like it
that makes his films so memorable
A zinger-filled crowd-pleaser that open-minded Elvis fans
an otherwise delightful comedy
an otherwise delightful comedy of errors
A zinger-filled crowd-pleaser that open-minded Elvis fans ( but by no means all )
an open mind and considerable good cheer
an open mind
some of today 's hottest and hippest acts from the world of television , music and stand-up comedy
some of the magic we saw in Glitter here in Wisegirls
, whimsical feature
, will find Morrison 's iconoclastic uses of technology to be liberating .
, with some real shocks in store for unwary viewers .
, witty , seductive
, yet compelling
, you 're in luck .
only because it is full of necessary discussion points , but because it is so accessible that it makes complex politics understandable to viewers looking for nothing but energetic entertainment
this ready-made midnight movie probably wo n't stand the cold light of day , but under the right conditions , it 's goofy ( if not entirely wholesome ) fun .
the `` A '' range ,
the `` A '' range
It 's a great American adventure and a wonderful film to bring to IMAX .
warm and charming package
than sucking you in ... and making you sweat
much tongue in cheek in the film
the audience riveted
the artistic instinct that pushes a majority-oriented director like Steven Spielberg to follow A . I . with this challenging report so liable to unnerve the majority
of passion
the award-winning Coen brothers envious
than the first 30 or 40 minutes
the right frame of mind
'' Austin Powers in Goldmember '' has the right stuff for silly summer entertainment and has enough laughs to sustain interest to the end .
it 's still a good yarn -- which is nothing to sneeze at these days .
it 's still a rollicking good time for the most part
it 's still damn funny stuff
it 's the best sequel since The Empire Strikes Back ... a majestic achievement , an epic of astonishing grandeur and surprising emotional depth .
, they never wanted to leave . Chances are you wo n't , either .
, they show a remarkable ability to document both sides of this emotional car-wreck .
, this Dumas adaptation entertains
, there 's something vital about the movie .
, they ca n't go wrong
, they finally feel absolutely earned
, they find new routes through a familiar neighborhood
a tone that 's alternately melancholic , hopeful and strangely funny
, this Oscar-nominated documentary takes you there .
, this cartoon adventure is that wind-in-the-hair exhilarating .
a topnotch foursome of actors
a topnotch foursome
better-than-average
best movie
better-than-average movie-making that does n't demand a dumb , distracted audience
better-than-average movie-making
best films
it struck a chord in me
it succeeds .
it still manages to build to a terrifying , if obvious , conclusion
jaw-dropping action sequences , striking villains , a gorgeous color palette ,
it still comes from Spielberg , who has never made anything that was n't at least watchable .
it should be done cinematically
it takes its techniques into such fresh territory that the film never feels derivative
warm , moving
us deep into the girls ' confusion and pain as they struggle tragically to comprehend the chasm of knowledge that 's opened between them
us on his sentimental journey of the heart .
this film does but feels less repetitive
this film , which is immaculately produced
this exotic-looking woman whose emotional depths are only hinted at
offers a glimpse of the Solomonic decision facing Jewish parents in those turbulent times : to save their children and yet to lose them .
offers an unexpected window into the complexities of the Middle East struggle and into the humanity of its people .
are so hilarious
any awards it bags . This is one for the ages
it transporting is that it 's also one of the smartest
this film , which may be why it works as well as it does
the feel of a summer popcorn movie . Nothing too deep or substantial . Explosions , jokes , and sexual innuendoes abound
this film , whose meaning and impact is sadly heightened by current world events
wise and elegiac ...
this film : honest
this film asks the right questions at the right time in the history of our country
this film should not be missed .
this film speaks for itself
control of both his medium and his message
like it or
like its hero
to have seen before , but beneath the exotic surface ( and exotic dancing ) it 's surprisingly old-fashioned
all-woman
that speaks of beauty , grace and a closet full of skeletons
something of Bubba Ho-Tep 's clearly evident quality may end up languishing on a shelf somewhere
something of a public service
something of Bubba Ho-Tep 's clearly evident quality
drug culture
drop your jaw
's easy to like
's easy to like and
's easy to like and always
's definitely worth taking a look
's destined to win a wide summer audience through word-of-mouth reviews and , not far down the line , to find a place among the studio 's animated classics
's easy to like and always leaves us laughing
At times , the movie looks genuinely pretty .
Audacious-impossible yet compelling
Audacious-impossible yet compelling ...
a good portion of the respected critical community in this country consider Blue Crush to be an intelligent film about young women
a good story
a good portion
a great Broadway play
is indeed a duty of art
the extremely competent hitman films
the extremely competent hitman films such as Pulp Fiction and Get Shorty
the small moments
the smartest kids in class
But this is not a movie about an inhuman monster ; it 's about a very human one
to create a feature film that is wickedly fun to watch
gaining much momentum
a pop-influenced prank whose charms are immediately apparent
... wise and elegiac ...
... with `` The Bourne Identity '' we return to the more traditional action genre .
the subject with fondness and respect
that did n't stop me from enjoying much of it
a cast of competent performers from movies , television and the theater
'' that 's a sly , amusing , laugh-filled little gem in which the ultimate '' Bellini '' begins to look like a '' real Kaputschnik
'' true story '' and you 're likely to have one helluva time at the movies
that dazzles the eye , challenges the brain
... a series of tales told with the intricate preciseness of the best short story writing .
... a rich and intelligent film that uses its pulpy core conceit to probe questions of attraction and interdependence and how the heart accomodates practical needs . It is an unstinting look at a collaboration between damaged people that may or may not qual
high-energy movie
thought . Better
though well dressed and well made
that does n't deserve to leave the building until everyone is aware of it
though it was written for no one , but somehow
... a delicious crime drama on par with the slickest of Mamet .
a gobbler like this
... Wallace is smart to vary the pitch of his movie , balancing deafening battle scenes with quieter domestic scenes of women back home receiving War Department telegrams .
seem at least passably real
... a rich and intelligent film that uses its pulpy core conceit to probe questions of attraction and interdependence and
with every cinematic tool
... a rich and intelligent film that uses its pulpy core conceit to probe questions of attraction and interdependence
... a rich and intelligent film that uses its pulpy core conceit to probe questions
... a light , yet engrossing piece . Lux , now in her eighties , does a great combination act as narrator , Jewish grandmother and subject -- taking us through a film that is part biography , part entertainment and part history .
drama , suspense , revenge , and romance
re-imagining of Beauty and
re-assess the basis for our lives and evaluate what is truly ours in a world of meaningless activity
maintains a surprisingly buoyant tone
maintains a surprisingly buoyant tone throughout ,
maintains a surprisingly buoyant tone throughout , notwithstanding some of the writers ' sporadic dips
their often heartbreaking testimony , spoken directly into director Patricio Guzman 's camera , pack a powerful emotional wallop
maintains a beguiling serenity and poise that make it accessible for a non-narrative feature
their often heartbreaking testimony , spoken directly into director Patricio Guzman 's camera
their often heartbreaking testimony , spoken directly into director Patricio Guzman 's camera ,
their own brightly colored dreams
A working class '' us vs . them '' opera that leaves no heartstring untugged and no liberal cause unplundered .
are so terrific at conveying their young angst
are subtle and so expressive they can sustain the poetic flights in Burdette 's dialogue
are priceless entertainment .
are thankfully understated
that grows in power in retrospect
very cute , though
very cute
very cute ,
very exciting
electric
electric movie
elaborate haunted house
elegance
rank as three of the most multilayered and sympathetic female characters of the year .
almost every relationship and personality in the film yields surprises .
almost do n't notice the 129-minute running time
almost mystical work
much like a young Robert DeNiro
( Haynes ' ) homage to such films as `` All That Heaven Allows '' and `` Imitation of Life ''
( Haynes ' ) homage to such films as `` All That Heaven Allows '' and `` Imitation of Life
idealism
ice water
vibrant and intoxicating fashion
-- 10 or 15 minutes could be cut and no one would notice -- but it 's a pleasurable trifle .
, you 've got to admire ... the intensity with which he 's willing to express his convictions
, you ca n't forget it , you admire its conception and are able to resolve some of the confusions you had while watching it
, you can feel the love .
, you will enjoy seeing how both evolve
, you wo n't feel cheated by the high infidelity of Unfaithful .
make as anti-Kieslowski a pun as possible .
for the striking , quietly vulnerable personality of Ms. Ambrose
lush and inventive
lushness
lush , swooning melodrama
affection
There is no substitute for on-screen chemistry , and when Friel pulls the strings that make Williams sink into melancholia , the reaction in Williams is as visceral as a gut punch .
There is no substitute for on-screen chemistry , and when Friel pulls the strings that make Williams sink into melancholia , the reaction in Williams is as visceral as a gut punch
There is no substitute for on-screen chemistry
There is no denying the power of Polanski 's film ...
he has found with an devastating , eloquent clarity
he makes sure The Salton Sea works the way a good noir should , keeping it tight and nasty
more curious
more complex and honest
more colorful , more playful tone
more coming-of-age stories
unusual music
until the final act
is richly detailed , deftly executed and utterly absorbing .
is reasonably entertaining , though it begins to drag two-thirds through , when the melodramatic aspects start to overtake the comedy .
is refreshingly undogmatic about its characters
is recognizably Plympton
is reliable
is richly detailed , deftly executed and utterly absorbing
is rich in emotional texture
a Native American
a Lynch-like vision
a Jerry Bruckheimer flick any day of the week
a Japan bustling
independent-community
independent-community guiding lights
independent or
incredibly thoughtful , deeply meditative picture
make this an eminently engrossing film
make this a charmer .
make this a charmer
terrific performance
terrific performances
terrific performances from them all
terrific songs
terrific at conveying their young angst
terrific character study
terrific flick
of a satisfying movie experience
Care
Cantet perfectly captures the hotel lobbies , two-lane highways , and roadside cafes that permeate Vincent 's days
about love and culture
about itself , a playful spirit and a game cast
about long-lived friendships and the ways in which we all lose track of ourselves by trying
the best of Herzog 's works
the year 's best acting
David and
movie fun
1937 breakthrough
fills the time with drama , romance , tragedy , bravery , political intrigue , partisans and sabotage . Viva le Resistance
filling the screen
filled with strange and wonderful creatures
the enigmatic Mika and Anna Mouglalis is a stunning new young talent in one of Chabrol 's most intense psychological mysteries
warm and winning
the energy humming
the enigmatic Mika and Anna Mouglalis
a thinking man 's monster movie
is life affirming and heartbreaking , sweet without the decay factor , funny and sad
is life affirming and heartbreaking , sweet without the decay factor , funny and sad .
is like binging on cotton candy
car to drive through
capture its visual appeal or its atmosphere
captive by mediocrity . Not bad
Olympia , Wash . , based filmmakers Anne de Marcken and Marilyn Freeman did just that and it 's what makes their project so interesting
guts and energy
gut-buster
the direction of Spielberg
the director of such Hollywood blockbusters as Patriot Games can still turn out a small , personal film with an emotional wallop
Although it lacks the detail of the book , the film does pack some serious suspense .
Although it includes a fair share of dumb drug jokes and predictable slapstick , '' Orange County '' is far funnier than it would seem to have any right to be .
Although it does n't always hang together -- violence and whimsy do n't combine easily -- '' Cherish '' certainly is n't dull .
Although devoid of objectivity and full of nostalgic comments from the now middle-aged participants , Dogtown and Z-Boys has a compelling story to tell .
Although commentary on Nachtwey is provided ... it 's the image that really tells the tale .
that provide its thrills and extreme emotions
of sly humor
warm and winning central performance
keep my attention
keen eye , sweet spirit and
keen eye , sweet spirit and good taste
keep this
this frankly fantastical
Anchored by Friel and Williams 's exceptional performances
An unforgettable look at morality , family , and social expectation through the prism of that omnibus tradition called marriage .
An operatic , sprawling picture that 's entertainingly
An uncluttered
An operatic , sprawling picture that 's entertainingly acted , magnificently shot and gripping enough to sustain most of its 170-minute length .
An uncluttered , resonant gem that relays its universal points without lectures or confrontations
An unforgettable
An uncluttered , resonant gem that relays its universal points without lectures or confrontations .
-- it still comes from Spielberg , who has never made anything that was n't at least watchable .
like a juicy , delicious plum on a hot summer day
-- elegant technology for the masses --
-- drama , conflict , tears and surprise --
-- ever so gracefully --
people who are enthusiastic about something and then
people who like their romances to have that French realism
perception , conviction
perceptive , taut , piercing and feisty
to Newcastle , the first half of Gangster No. 1 drips with style and , at times , blood
own style
that this should seal the deal
that this film 's cast is uniformly superb
that throws a bunch of hot-button items in the viewer 's face and asks to be seen as hip , winking social commentary
Mel Gibson can gasp , shudder and even tremble without losing his machismo
Meant for Star Wars fans . It is there to give them a good time .
Me no lika da accents so good , but I thoroughly enjoyed the love story . Scott Baio is turning in some delightful work on indie projects .
It 's the type of film about growing up that we do n't see often enough these days : realistic , urgent
It 's the type of film about growing up that we do n't see often enough these days : realistic , urgent ,
It 's the sweet Cinderella story that '' Pretty Woman
It 's the sweet Cinderella story that '' Pretty Woman '' wanted to be .
It 's the brilliant surfing photography bringing you right inside the massive waves that lifts Blue Crush into one of the summer 's most pleasurable movies .
It 's the cute frissons of discovery and humor between Chaplin and Kidman that keep this nicely wound clock not just ticking , but humming .
It 's that good .
It 's that rare family movie -- genuine and sweet without relying on animation or dumb humor .
It 's surprisingly decent , particularly for a tenth installment in a series .
It 's technically sumptuous but also almost wildly alive .
been stirred by the powerful work of his co-stars
been transformed into the stronger of the two films by the thinnest of margins
been told with such affecting grace and cultural specificity
been part of For the most part Wilde 's droll whimsy helps '' Being Earnest '' overcome its weaknesses and Parker 's creative interference
the sense of fierce competition
pretty big
seems Grant does n't need the floppy hair and the self-deprecating stammers after all
demonstrating vividly that the beauty and power of the opera reside primarily in the music itself
demonstrating vividly
demonstrates a wry understanding of the quirks of fame . His healthy sense of satire is light and fun
spectacular ,
spectacular , E . T . is carried less by wow factors than by its funny , moving yarn that holds up well after two decades
spectacular , E . T .
beats new life
beautiful , aching sadness
beats new life into it
beautiful and mysterious
beautiful , timeless and universal tale
personable , amusing cast
personable , amusing
'll still have a good time . ''
'm going to recommend SECRETARY , based on the wonderful acting clinic put on by Spader and Gyllenhaal
` Swept Away '
` Possession , ' based on the book by A.S. Byatt , demands that LaBute deal with the subject of love head-on ; trading in his cynicism for reverence and a little wit
` Scratch ' is a pretty decent little documentary .
captivating details
captivating and intimate
captivating and intimate study
captain
captivating and
such operatic grandeur
such good humor
, salvation and good intentions
, satisfying
, scarily funny , sorrowfully sympathetic to the damage it surveys
, serves as a paper skeleton for some very good acting , dialogue , comedy , direction and especially charm .
Benoit
the twist endings were actually surprising ? When the violence actually shocked ? When the heroes were actually under 40
recent successes
the risk-takers in the crowd should check it out and form their own opinion
reasonably intelligent
reasonably good
reasonably good time
they 'll be treated to an impressive and highly entertaining celebration of its sounds .
its conflicts a symbolic resonance
its characters ' choices , good and ill
co-stars
closer to any actress I can remember to personifying independence in its purest and , yes , most intimidating form
close to recapturing the brilliance of his Hong Kong films
Jason Patric and Ray Liotta make for one splendidly cast pair .
, hope and charity
be good
be fruitful
be glued to the screen
stirred by the powerful work of his co-stars
but a mood in which an ominous , pervasive , and unknown threat lurks just below the proceedings and adds an almost constant mindset of suspense
but an amiably idiosyncratic work
but an admirable one that tries to immerse us in a world of artistic abandon and political madness and very nearly
but enjoyable documentary .
tells stories that work -- is charming , is moving
An enjoyable comedy of lingual and cultural differences ... The Château
An enjoyable comedy
An enjoyable comedy of lingual and cultural differences ... The Château is a film -- full of life and small delights -- that has all the wiggling energy of young kitten .
An enchanting film that presents an audacious tour of the past and takes within its warm
An elegant film with often surprising twists and an intermingling of naiveté and sophistication .
also captures moments of spontaneous creativity and authentic co-operative interaction
of neighborhood values
of movie that used to be right at home at the Saturday matinee
also a -- dare I say it twice -- delightfully charming -- and totally American ,
also a -- dare I say it twice -- delightfully charming -- and totally American
warmth to go around , with music and laughter and
prove to be ( Tsai 's ) masterpiece
proves as clear and reliable an authority on that
proud warrior
prove more potent and riveting
prove more potent and riveting than the unlikely story of Sarah and Harrison
proves simultaneously harrowing and uplifting
Like most of Jaglom 's films , some of it is honestly affecting ,
Like most of Jaglom 's films , some of it is honestly affecting
ultimate movie experience
quite revelatory documentary
ultimately life-affirming
quiver
modest masterpiece .
modernizes A.E.W. Mason 's story to suit the sensibilities of a young American , a decision that plucks `` The Four Feathers '' bare .
moments in this account of the life of artist Frida Kahlo that are among cinema 's finest this year
e . t . just as i hoped i would -- with moist eyes
going to take you
Allegiance to Chekhov , which director Michael Cacoyannis displays with somber earnestness in the new adaptation of The Cherry Orchard ,
Allegiance to Chekhov
marks an encouraging new direction for La Salle
marks an encouraging new direction for La Salle .
marry science fiction with film noir and action flicks
junior-high
jumps off the page , and for the memorable character creations
presented with universal appeal
presents events partly from the perspective of Aurelie and Christelle , and infuses the film with the sensibility of a particularly nightmarish fairytale
presents events partly from the perspective of Aurelie and Christelle , and infuses the film with the sensibility of a particularly nightmarish fairytale .
presents this utterly ridiculous shaggy dog story as one of the most creative , energetic and original comedies to hit the screen in years
an 88-minute highlight reel
amusing
the numbers and reps decent action entertainment
the new thriller proves that director M. Night Shyamalan can weave an eerie spell and that Mel Gibson can gasp , shudder and even tremble without losing his machismo .
trust laughs
truly revelatory about his psyche
truly magical
truly magical movie
the numerous scenes of gory mayhem are worth the price of admission ... if `` gory mayhem '' is your idea of a good time
polished direction
poignant Japanese film
ponder after the credits roll
Offers a breath of the fresh air of true sophistication .
Offers that rare combination of entertainment and education .
On the surface , it 's a lovers-on-the-run crime flick
On the surface , it 's a lovers-on-the-run crime flick , but it has a lot in common with Piesiewicz 's and Kieslowski 's earlier work , films like The Double Life of Veronique .
One of the greatest family-oriented , fantasy-adventure movies ever .
Oscar-nominated
lavishly built settings
remarkably original work
A densely constructed , highly referential film
A densely constructed , highly referential film , and an audacious return to form that can comfortably sit among Jean-Luc Godard 's finest work
A directorial tour de force
A densely constructed , highly referential film , and an audacious return to form that can comfortably sit among Jean-Luc Godard 's finest work .
A directorial tour de force by Bernard Rose , ivans xtc . is one of this year 's very best pictures .
A directorial tour de force by Bernard Rose , ivans xtc .
An eye-boggling blend
An eye-boggling blend of psychedelic devices , special effects and backgrounds , ` Spy Kids 2 '
that surprises or delights
that such a talented director as Chen Kaige
An eye-boggling blend of psychedelic devices , special effects and backgrounds , ` Spy Kids 2 ' is a visual treat for all audiences .
An ideal
only the odd enjoyably chewy lump
what with all of those terrific songs and spirited performances
` Easily my choice for one of the year 's best films . '
` De Niro ... is a veritable source of sincere passion that this Hollywood contrivance orbits around . '
charming results
charming old reel-to-reel recordings of Meeropol entertaining his children to create his song history , but most powerful of all
charming old reel-to-reel recordings
charming movie allows us to see them , finally , as artists .
made the first film so special
made nature film and a tribute to a woman whose passion for this region and its inhabitants still shines in her quiet blue eyes .
made nature film and a tribute to a woman whose passion for this region and its inhabitants still shines in her quiet blue eyes
must for fans of British cinema , if only because so many titans of the industry are along for the ride
must for fans of British cinema , if only because so many titans of the industry are along for the ride .
musical passion
musicals back
musicals back 40 years
must indeed
to strong , credible performances
with a flourish
and yet it has been made with great evident care and manages to deliver up the man in a way to arouse further curiosity in even the most unknowing viewer .
and you 'll be glad you went along for the ride .
Forget about one Oscar nomination for Julianne Moore this year - she should get all five
Forget about one Oscar nomination for Julianne Moore this year - she should get all five .
For those who are intrigued by politics of the '70s , the film is every bit as fascinating as it is flawed .
For those of an indulgent , slightly sunbaked and summery mind , Sex and Lucia may well prove diverting enough .
grounded in the reality of its characters to go over the edge . A touch of humor or an unexpected plot twist always pulls it back
grounded in an undeniable social realism
gritty urban mosaic
gritty and well-acted
grisly and engagingly quixotic
has something to say
has succeeded beyond all expectation .
has that rare quality of being able to creep the living hell out of you
has that other Imax films do n't : chimps , lots of chimps , all blown up to the size of a house . That 's fun for kids of any age .
has the chops of a smart-aleck film school brat and the imagination of a big kid
hit their marks ,
hit their marks
Romanek keeps the film constantly taut ... reflecting the character 's instability with a metaphorical visual style and an unnerving , heartbeat-like score .
the silliness has a pedigree
those farts got to my inner nine-year-old
the film never feels draggy
those exceedingly rare films in which the talk alone is enough to keep us
Xerox of other , better crime movies
the one bald
very funny , but not always
actor moments
I liked About Schmidt a lot
I just loved every minute of this film .
I liked About Schmidt a lot , but I have a feeling that I would have liked it much more if Harry & Tonto never existed .
I liked About Schmidt a lot , but I have a feeling that I would have liked it much more if Harry & Tonto never existed
I liked About Schmidt a lot ,
I liked this film a lot ...
I liked Homeboy
forefront
forged in still-raw emotions
salvos hitting a discernible target .
the falcon arrives in the skies above Manhattan
this new version of e . t . just as i hoped i would -- with moist eyes
paints a specifically urban sense of disassociation here
of whimsy
to present the biblical message of forgiveness without it ever becoming preachy or syrupy
very funny , heartwarming film
naipaul , a juicy writer
naipaul , a juicy writer ,
'' The Dangerous Lives of Altar Boys '' has flaws , but it also has humor and heart and very talented young actors
when it comes to the characters and writing ... but works its way underneath the skin like few movies
'' Not really as bad as you might think ! ''
barely adequate
The way Coppola professes his love for movies -- both colorful pop junk and the classics that unequivocally qualify as art --
The way Coppola professes his love for movies -- both colorful pop junk and the classics that unequivocally qualify as art -- is giddily entertaining .
The way
The warm presence
The warm presence of Zhao Benshan
The visuals alone make Metropolis worth seeing .
The very definition of the ` small ' movie , but it is a good stepping stone for director Sprecher .
a cinematic fluidity and sense of intelligence
but reacting to it - feeling a part of its grand locations , thinking urgently as the protagonists struggled , feeling at the mercy of its inventiveness , gasping at its visual delights
but still quite tasty and inviting all the same
a cinematic fluidity and sense of intelligence that makes it work more than it probably should
but it goes deeper than that , to fundamental choices that include the complexity of the Catholic doctrine
a fascinating little thriller that would have been perfect for an old '' Twilight Zone '' episode
Shattering , devastating documentary on two maladjusted teens in a downward narcotized spiral . Extraordinary debut from Josh Koury
Shattering , devastating documentary on two maladjusted teens in a downward narcotized spiral . Extraordinary debut from Josh Koury .
Shakespeare 's better known tragedies
a fair amount of intelligence and wit
otherwise talented cast
it 's another retelling of alexandre dumas ' classic . why ? who knows , but it works under the direction of kevin reynolds .
has a voyeuristic tug
that there 's hope for popular cinema yet
considered a funny little film
that tries to tell of the unspeakable
considerable achievement
considerable charm
considerable good cheer
considerable talents
considerable wit
Challenging , intermittently engrossing and unflaggingly creative
Challenging , intermittently engrossing and
Changing Lanes tries for more .
Certainly the big finish was n't something Galinsky and Hawley could have planned for ... but part of being a good documentarian is being there when the rope snaps .
Challenging , intermittently engrossing
51 times stronger
do n't feel the least bit ashamed in admitting that my enjoyment came at the expense of seeing justice served , even if it 's a dish that 's best served cold .
the ride ( bumps and all )
filled with fantasies , daydreams , memories and one fantastic visual trope after another
the rare director who does not want to invite viewers to gawk at or applaud his special effects
the rare director
the proceedings from feeling repetitious
If The Count of Monte Cristo does n't transform Caviezel into a movie star
Ice Cube holds the film together with an engaging and warm performance ...
as sharp as a samurai sword
enough quirky and satirical touches
enough moments to keep it entertaining
enough sentimental
enough to keep you interested without coming close to bowling you over
has so fanatically fetishized every bizarre old-movie idiosyncrasy with such monastic devotion you 're not sure if you should applaud or look into having him committed
contemporary Chinese life that many outsiders will be surprised to know
contemporary Chinese life this exciting new filmmaker has brought to the screen
content and narrative strength
has once again reinvented itself for a new generation
has seen in years
this batch is pretty cute
this bittersweet , uncommonly sincere movie that portrays the frank humanity of ... emotional recovery
writer\/director Dover Kosashvili takes a slightly dark look at relationships , both sexual and kindred .
this bold move works
surreal as a dream and
surprise family
surprising emotional depth
surprisingly entertaining
surprising poignance
surprisingly cinematic experience
Claude Miller airs out a tight plot with an easy pace and a focus on character drama over crime-film complications .
Claude
before swooping down on a string of exotic locales , scooping the whole world up in a joyous communal festival of rhythm
before some savvy producer saw the potential success inherent in the mixture of Bullock Bubble and Hugh Goo
before the plot kicks into gear
New Clothes
Neither Parker nor Donovan is a typical romantic lead , but they bring a fresh , quirky charm to the formula .
Neither Parker nor Donovan is a typical romantic lead
Never ( sinks ) into exploitation .
Nervy and sensitive , it taps into genuine artistic befuddlement , and at the same time presents a scathing indictment of what drives Hollywood .
, in an off-kilter , dark , vaguely disturbing way .
An ambitious movie
An ambitious movie that , like Shiner 's organizing of the big fight , pulls off enough
An affectionately goofy satire that 's unafraid to throw elbows when necessary
An affectionately goofy satire that 's unafraid to throw elbows when necessary ...
An alternately fascinating and frustrating documentary .
Amy and Matthew have a bit of a phony relationship , but the film works in spite of it .
An Asian neo-realist treasure .
An affectionately goofy satire
( haynes ' ) homage to such films as '' all that heaven allows '' and '' imitation of life '' transcends them . simply put , '' far from heaven '' is a masterpiece
( haynes ' ) homage to such films as '' all that heaven allows '' and '' imitation of life '' transcends them . simply put , '' far from heaven ''
( haynes ' ) homage to such films as '' all that heaven allows '' and '' imitation of life '' transcends them . simply put , '' far from heaven '' is a masterpiece .
Americans .
as if to prove a female director can make a movie with no soft edges ,
as i hoped i would
fills the eyes
filled with humorous observations about the general absurdity of modern life as seen through the eyes outsiders
Two Weeks Notice has appeal beyond being a Sandra Bullock vehicle or a standard romantic comedy .
Twenty years later , E . T . is still a cinematic touchstone .
Two Towers outdoes its spectacle .
Andrei
a film so willing to champion the fallibility of the human heart
is still memorable for some great one-liners
is still memorable for some great one-liners .
is still there , for everybody who wants to be a kid again , or show it to their own kids
is still there , for everybody who wants to be a kid again , or show it to their own kids .
is stunning as Frida and ... a star-making project
is stunning as Frida and ... a star-making project .
a fierce dance of destruction . Its flame-like , roiling black-and-white inspires trembling and gratitude
a film of freshness , imagination and insight
turn in perfectly executed and wonderfully sympathetic characters , who are alternately touching and funny
Gyllenhaal . Maggie G . makes an amazing breakthrough in her first starring role and eats up the screen
about the life
about the human need for monsters to blame for all that
about the passions that sometimes fuel our best achievements and other times
about the optimism of a group of people who are struggling to give themselves a better lot in life than the ones
resolutely dramatic
about the plight of American Indians in modern America
represents a spectacular piece of theater
a huge cut of above the rest
a humanistic message
a jaunt down memory lane for teens
that rivals Shakespeare for intrigue , treachery and murder
that revels in the true potential of the medium
spy film The Sum
spot-on
spot-on Scottish burr
turn a larky chase movie into an emotionally satisfying exploration of the very human need to be somebody , and to belong to somebody
Schepisi , aided by a cast that seems to include every top-notch British actor who did not appear in Gosford Park ( as well as one , Ms. Mirren , who did ) ,
Savvy director Robert J. Siegel and his co-writers keep the story subtle and us in suspense .
Matches neorealism 's
truest sense
true love
true pleasure .
true-blue
true-blue delight .
triumph over a Scrooge or two
charm factor
charismatic , qualities essential to both movie stars and social anarchists
has a spirit that can not be denied
challenges us to confront the reality of sexual aberration .
charisma that you 'd be happy to listen to them reading the phone book
character-driven comedy
about telling what at heart is a sweet little girl
about the artistic instinct that pushes a majority-oriented director like Steven Spielberg to follow A.I. with this challenging report so liable to unnerve the majority
of a particular theatrical family
new Star Wars movie
new benchmark
nevertheless will leave fans clamoring for another ride
never veers from its comic course
Has its moments , but
Has its moments ,
Anchored by Friel and Williams 's exceptional performances , the film 's power lies in its complexity . Nothing is black and white .
the tragedy beneath it
the trademark of several of his performances
Hush ! sympathetically captures the often futile lifestyle of young people in modern Japan .
the training and dedication
the training and dedication that goes into becoming a world-class fencer
Genuinely unnerving .
ascends to a kinetic life so teeming that even cranky adults may rediscover the quivering kid inside
runs a good race , one that will have you at the edge of your seat for long stretches .
runs a good race , one that will have you at the edge of your seat for long stretches . '
it 's like a poem
it 's haunting .
Smart , provocative and blisteringly funny
Smart , provocative and blisteringly funny .
it 's rare to find a film that dazzles the eye , challenges the brain , and satisfies our lust for fast-paced action , but minority report delivers all that and a whole lot more .
Simultaneously heart-breaking and very funny
Simultaneously heart-breaking and very funny , The Last Kiss is really all about performances .
Sly Stallone
Smart ,
Smart , provocative
Smart , provocative and
Far From Heaven is a dazzling conceptual feat
Far From Heaven actually pulls off this stylistic juggling act .
Familiar but utterly delightful .
Eyre is on his way to becoming the American Indian Spike Lee .
Far From Heaven '' is a masterpiece .
Family portrait of need , neurosis and nervy negativity is a rare treat that shows the promise of digital filmmaking .
is merely mildly charming
is meant to be ` inspirational ' and ` uplifting '
is magically ` significant ' because of that
the same magical quality
going to make his debut as a film director
going to show up soon .
its brilliant touches
its audience giddy with the delight of discovery
its audience giddy
the right amount
It is ridiculous , of course ... but it is also refreshing , disarming , and just outright enjoyable despite its ridiculousness
is a picture that Maik , the firebrand turned savvy ad man , would be envious of
by-the-numbers effort by Washington . It wo n't rock any boats but is solid meat-and-potatoes filmmaking .
by the ultimate mysteries of life and death
Makmalbaf follows a resolutely realistic path in this uncompromising insight into the harsh existence of the Kurdish refugees of Iran 's borderlands .
the earnestness of its execution and skill of its cast take you down a familiar road with a few twists .
can take the grandkids or the grandparents and never worry about anyone being bored
can take the grandkids or the grandparents and
can take the grandkids or the grandparents
intelligentsia
, you might enjoy yourself
appeal to Asian cult cinema fans and Asiaphiles interested to see what all the fuss is about .
appeals to you
appealing veneer
appealing characters
an intimate heart
an intriguing what-if premise
an interesting bit
an interesting bit of speculation
an intensely lived time ,
an intensely lived time , filled with nervous energy , moral ambiguity and great uncertainties
an intense , brooding character study
an intensely lived time
an inspired portrait of male-ridden angst and
an inspired portrait of male-ridden angst and the emotional blockage that accompanies this human condition
carrying more emotional baggage than Batman
against all odds
adventure
Though of particular interest to students and enthusiast of international dance and world music , the film is designed to make viewers of all ages
Though Mama takes a bit too long to find its rhythm and a third-act plot development is somewhat melodramatic , its ribald humor and touching nostalgia are sure to please anyone in search of a Jules and Jim for the new millennium .
Though of particular interest to students and enthusiast of international dance and world music , the film is designed to make viewers of all ages , cultural backgrounds and rhythmic ability want to get up and dance .
the recording sessions are intriguing , and -- on the way to striking a blow for artistic integrity --
the recording sessions are intriguing , and -- on the way to striking a blow for artistic integrity -- this quality band may pick up new admirers
the recording sessions are intriguing , and -- on the way to striking a blow for artistic integrity -- this quality band may pick up new admirers .
the recording sessions are intriguing ,
the recording sessions are intriguing , and
The elements were all there
The ending does n't work ... but most of the movie works so well I 'm almost recommending it , anyway -- maybe not to everybody , but certainly to people with a curiosity about how a movie can go very right , and then step wrong
the action sequences -- clearly the main event --
on equal parts of innocence and wisdom
are too cute
on a visceral level that transcends language
if it is generally amusing from time to time
if it had just gone that one step further .
has a no-frills docu-Dogma
has a no-frills docu-Dogma plainness , yet Miller lingers on invisible , nearly psychic nuances , leaping into digressions of memory and desire
has a no-frills docu-Dogma plainness , yet Miller lingers on invisible , nearly psychic nuances , leaping into digressions of memory and desire .
in the course of reviewing art-house obscurities and slam-bam action flicks , a jaded critic smacks into something truly new .
, charismatic and tragically
, characterization , poignancy , and intelligence
, character and comedy bits
, captures a life interestingly lived
bring to IMAX
bring you into the characters
, clever
of wladyslaw szpilman , who is not only a pianist , but a good human being
echoes
ably captures the speech patterns , moral codes and ideals of the 1940s
ably captures the speech patterns , moral codes and ideals of the 1940s .
aborbing
about Full Frontal
the most powerful thing in life is
soaringly
A work of extraordinary journalism , but it is also a work of deft and subtle poetry .
A worthwhile documentary
A worthwhile documentary ,
A worthwhile documentary , whether you 're into rap or not , even if it may still leave you wanting more answers as the credits
A work of extraordinary journalism
A work of extraordinary journalism ,
A work of extraordinary journalism , but
A work of extraordinary journalism , but it is also a work of deft and subtle poetry
also taps into the primal fears of young people trying to cope with the mysterious and brutal nature of adults
also somewhat touched
A worthwhile documentary , whether you 're into rap or not , even if it may still leave you wanting more answers as the credits roll .
a niche hit
riveting World War
the Hook 's buildup with remarkable assuredness for a first-timer
a teeth-clenching gusto
a tasteful , intelligent manner
a taste for the quirky
revelation and excitement
, entertaining and , ultimately , more perceptive moment
, every bit as imperious as Katzenberg 's The Prince of Egypt from 1998 .
Yes , that 's right
Will warm your heart without making you feel guilty about it .
Will undoubtedly play well in European markets , where Mr . Besson is a brand name , and in Asia , where Ms . Shu is an institution
slapstick sequences
coos beseechingly at you
coos beseechingly
cooks Conduct in a low , smoky and inviting sizzle
cool event
cool crime movie
A pleasurably jacked-up piece of action moviemaking .
A poignant
A potent allegorical
A potent allegorical love story .
A pro-fat farce that overcomes much of its excessive moral baggage thanks to two appealing lead performances .
A provocative movie
A provocative movie about loss , anger , greed , jealousy , sickness and love .
get into heaven
get more out of the latter experience
the most powerful thing
An engaging , formulaic sports drama that carries a charge of genuine excitement .
emphasizes the spare precision of the narratives and
neo-Augustinian theology : Is God
revel in those visual in-jokes , as in the film 's verbal pokes at everything from the likes of Miramax chief Harvey Weinstein 's bluff personal style
revelatory and
reveals his characters
solo
( depending upon where you live )
Warm
few will argue that it ranks with the best of Herzog 's works
( frames ) profound ethical and philosophical questions in the form of dazzling pop entertainment
One of those based-on-truth stories that persuades you , with every scene , that it could never really have happened this way
Works because , for the most part , it avoids the stupid cliches and formulaic potholes that befall its brethren .
Works because
World War II
unusually surreal tone
unusually surreal
Worth the effort to watch
Worth
that he 's made at least one damn fine horror movie
Worth the effort to watch .
It 's got its heart in the right place
pretty fair
up on Scooby -- you 'll love this movie .
up a powerful and deeply moving example of melodramatic moviemaking
pretty good . Of course , by more objective measurements
reminding yourself that it 's a '' true story '' and you 're likely to have one helluva time at the movies
renown
renown Chelsea Hotel
pretty good .
Jim Brown : All American at long last gives its subject a movie worthy of his talents
that tears welled up in my eyes both times
Thank God It
Thanks largely
Terrific performances , great to look at , and funny .
Thanks largely to Williams , all the interesting developments are processed in 60 minutes
Sia
Shyamalan offers copious hints along the way -- myriad signs , if you will -- that beneath the familiar , funny surface is a far bigger , far more meaningful story than one in which little green men come to Earth for harvesting purposes .
, longing and love
at once visceral and spiritual , wonderfully vulgar and sublimely lofty -- and
arouse further curiosity
as Hollywood action epics
as lively and
through some of Clancy 's holes
Significantly better
disguising the obvious with energy and innovation
discerning taste
've ever seen before , and yet completely familiar .
a fantastic dual performance
a very lively dream
a very moving and revelatory footnote to the Holocaust
local flavour
you a fascinating , albeit depressing view of Iranian rural life close to the Iraqi border
charisma
charged
the greatest generation
a very entertaining , thought-provoking film with a simple message
the growing canon of post-Saving Private Ryan tributes to the greatest generation
This Orange has some juice ,
and lovable Siberian huskies -LRB- plus one sheep dog -RRB-
and love it
and keenly observed
and it 's a welcome return to the roots of a genre that should depend on surprises .
warm , genuine characters who lie not through dishonesty , but because they genuinely believe it 's the only way to bring happiness to their loved ones
warm , genuine characters
sly , amusing , laugh-filled little gem
Handled correctly , Wilde 's play is a masterpiece of elegant wit and artifice
warm glow
Handsome and sincere
MY LITTLE EYE is the best little `` horror '' movie I 've seen in years .
Madame D. refer to her husband as ` Jackie ' -- and he does make for excellent company
to deliver up the man in a way to arouse further curiosity in even the most unknowing viewer
explores the fascinating connections between women , water , nature , and sexuality
a triumph of the indomitable human will to rebel , connect and create
a tremendous performance
a timely and invaluable implicit reminder of the role that U . S .
a tongue-in-cheek attitude
asks nothing of the audience other than to sit back and enjoy a couple of great actors hamming it up
is visually ravishing
is very funny , but not always in a laugh-out-loud way .
is unusual , food-for-thought cinema that 's as entertaining as it is instructive .
is unusual , food-for-thought cinema that 's as entertaining as it is instructive
is validated by the changing composition of the nation
is very funny , but not always in a laugh-out-loud way
is very funny , but not always
Pacino is the best he 's been in years and Keener is marvelous
Pacino is the best he 's been in years and
Pacino is the best he 's been in years
Others , more attuned to the anarchist maxim that ` the urge to destroy is also a creative urge ' , or more willing to see with their own eyes , will find Morrison 's iconoclastic uses of technology to be liberating .
Overall very good for what it 's trying to do .
Overall very good for what it 's trying to do
of gentility
great actors
great actors hamming it up
great , fiery passion
great cast
great cinema
great artistic significance
great cinema can really do
, authentic and dark .
, as in Ratcatcher , remains a filmmaker with an acid viewpoint and a real gift for teasing chilly poetry out of lives and settings that might otherwise seem drab and sordid .
, beautiful , thought-provoking foreign cinema
, baroque beauty
speaking its truths with spellbinding imagery and the entrancing music of Philip Glass
speaking , adored by the movie-going public
special anime magic
a strong , unified showing
a strong , unified showing among Germany and Eastern European Jews
a strong script and energetic acting
a strong script and
the best looking and stylish
first . Many of the effective horror
did n't stop me from enjoying much of it
smart , not cloying
Viva le
if we put together a wry white man and a chatty black man and give them guns , the movie will be funny
wise and powerful
Jones helps breathe some life into the insubstantial plot , but
a few dynamic decades
ties things together , neatly ,
ties things together , neatly , by the end
tightly organized
tidy little movie
ties things together
see a romance this smart
see a movie that embraces its old-fashioned themes and in the process comes out looking like something wholly original
As teen movies go , '' Orange County '' is a refreshing change
intolerant
a Mobius strip
rarely does
with a curiosity about
rare in the depiction of young women in film
rare to find a film to which the adjective ` gentle ' applies
the kind of insouciance embedded in the sexy demise of James Dean
the kind of entertainment that parents love to have their kids
the kind of entertainment that parents love to have their kids see .
the kind of energy it 's documenting
the kind of quirkily appealing minor movie she might not make for a while
appreciate the wonderful cinematography and naturalistic acting
appreciate the emotional depth of Haynes ' work
applying definition to both sides of the man
developed characters
developed characters so much
There has been a string of ensemble cast romances recently ... but Peter Mattei 's Love in the Time of Money sets itself apart by forming a chain of relationships that come full circle to end on a positive ( if tragic ) note .
There has been a string of ensemble cast romances recently ... but Peter Mattei 's Love in the Time of Money sets itself apart by forming a chain of relationships that come full circle to end on a positive ( if tragic ) note
her fearlessness
her feature film
bizarre , funny , tragic -
bizarre , funny , tragic
bizarre , funny ,
bizarre , funny
her agreeably startling use of close-ups and her grace with a moving camera
biting into what looks like a juicy , delicious plum on a hot summer day
form to examine the labyrinthine ways in which people 's lives cross and change
Margarita Happy Hour
forgiveness and love
forgive the flaws and love the film
of elegant wit and artifice
probably want to see it twice
probes the cross-cultural differences between Gauls and Yanks .
privileged moments and
privileged moments and memorable performances
probably loved in 1994 , except that it looks even better
to find greatness in the hue of its drastic iconography
to find a place among the studio 's animated classics
to figure the depth of these two literary figures , and even the times in which they lived
with moments of genuine insight into the urban heart
with melancholy richness
with material this rich it does n't need it
is all but washed away by sumptuous ocean visuals and the cinematic stylings of director John Stockwell .
is all the greater beause director Zhang 's last film , the cuddly Shower , was a non-threatening multi-character piece centered around a public bath house
is actually a compelling look at a young woman 's tragic odyssey .
all the charm of Kevin Kline and a story that puts old-fashioned values under the microscope
all the blanket statements and dime-store ruminations
all the best possible ways
A strangely stirring experience that finds warmth in the coldest environment and makes each crumb of emotional comfort
A stirring road movie .
lively and enjoyable
lively and enjoyable adventure
A special kind of movie , this melancholic film noir reminded me a lot of Memento ...
A special kind of movie
A spiffy animated feature about an unruly adolescent boy who is yearning for adventure and a chance to prove his worth
A spiffy animated feature
A stirring , funny
A spiffy animated feature about an unruly adolescent boy who is yearning for adventure and a chance to prove his worth .
A stirring , funny and finally transporting re-imagining of Beauty and the Beast and 1930s horror films
A stirring , funny and
from a treasure
from a television monitor
everything that 's good
to get on a board and , uh , shred , dude
's not half-bad .
's no way you wo n't be talking about the film once you exit the theater
's no way you wo n't be talking about the film once you exit the theater .
a really cool bit --
a really cool bit
a real documentary
wrenching performances
wrapped up in the characters , how they make their choices , and why
wrapped up in the characters
eccentric and good-naturedly
eccentric and
eccentricities that are attached to the concept of loss
eccentric and good-naturedly aimless story
economical grace
she never lets her character become a caricature -- not even with that radioactive hair
she can act
she loves them to pieces
Noyce brings out the allegory with remarkable skill
I do n't feel the least bit ashamed in admitting that my enjoyment came at the expense of seeing justice served , even if it 's a dish that 's best served cold .
I am highly amused by the idea that we have come to a point in society where it has been deemed important enough to make a film in which someone has to be hired to portray Richard Dawson .
I am not generally a huge fan of cartoons derived from TV shows , but Hey Arnold ! The Movie is clever , offbeat and even gritty enough to overcome my resistance
I could n't recommend this film more .
I am not generally a huge fan of cartoons derived from TV shows , but Hey Arnold ! The Movie is clever , offbeat and even gritty enough to overcome my resistance .
strong cast
blessed gift
bizarrely original
a form of bravery .
a form of bravery . for this reason and this reason only -- the power of its own steadfast , hoity-toity convictions
a forceful drama of an alienated executive who re-invents himself .
a forceful drama of an alienated executive who re-invents himself
Somewhere in the middle , the film compels , as Demme experiments he harvests a few movie moment gems ,
Somewhere in the middle , the film compels , as Demme experiments he harvests a few movie moment gems
both Oscar winners ,
both Oscar winners
American dream
silliness and
spellbinding serpent 's
glib but bouncy
the impressive stagings of hardware
for a satisfying evening at the multiplex
the ideal outlet
the ideal outlet for his flick-knife diction in the role of Roger Swanson
the ideas tie together beautifully
the immediate aftermath
's brilliance
this movie phenomenon has once again reinvented itself for a new generation
this motion picture in such a way that even the most cynical curmudgeon with find himself or herself smiling at one time or another
glaring and unforgettable .
storytelling ability
bewilderingly brilliant and
bewilderingly brilliant and entertaining
beyond Road Warrior , it owes enormous debts to Aliens and every previous dragon drama
beyond all expectation
beyond being a Sandra Bullock vehicle or a standard romantic comedy
beyond the astute direction of Cardoso and beautifully detailed performances by all of the actors
beyond the astute direction of Cardoso and beautifully detailed performances by all of the actors , is a note of defiance over social dictates .
beyond the crime-land action genre
offer any new insight
glaring and unforgettable
A funny , triumphant , and
A funny , triumphant , and moving documentary
The one-liners are snappy , the situations volatile and the comic opportunities richly rewarded
A fun family movie
glitz
A fun family movie that 's suitable for all ages -- a movie that will make you laugh
not for the striking , quietly vulnerable personality of Ms. Ambrose
glinting charm
weaving a theme throughout this funny film
sure to be entertained
It may be a prize winner
It may be a prize winner ,
undeniable ,
unelected ''
You would n't call The Good Girl a date movie ( an anti-date movie is more like it ) , but when it 's good , it 's good and horrid
Bubba Ho-Tep is a wonderful film with a bravura lead performance by Bruce Campbell that does n't deserve to leave the building until everyone is aware of it .
how first-time director Kevin Donovan managed to find something new to add to the canon of Chan
is n't dull .
is n't a weak or careless performance amongst them .
Watching the chemistry between Freeman and Judd , however , almost makes this movie worth seeing .
have made a remarkable film that explores the monster 's psychology not in order to excuse him but rather to demonstrate that his pathology evolved from human impulses that grew hideously twisted
Writer-director Juan Carlos Fresnadillo makes a feature debut that is fully formed and remarkably assured .
Writer\/director Walter Hill is in his hypermasculine element here , once again able to inject some real vitality and even art into a pulpy concept that , in many other hands would be completely forgettable .
X-Men - occasionally brilliant but mostly average ,
XXX flex-a-thon
... certainly an entertaining ride , despite many talky , slow scenes . But something seems to be missing . A sense of real magic , perhaps .
The actors are fantastic .
in the service of the lovers who inhabit it
demands repeated viewings
demands repeated viewings .
making up for any flaws that come later
inspires some ( out-of-field ) creative thought
a buoyant , darkly funny dance
a breath of the fresh air of true sophistication .
But it 's emotionally engrossing
... by the time it 's done with us , Mira Nair 's new movie has its audience giddy with the delight of discovery , of having been immersed in a foreign culture only to find that human nature is pretty much the same all over .
celebrated wonder
cell phones , guns , and
the emotional development of the delicate characters
the upcoming trial of SLA members Emily and William Harris
the upper hand in matters of the heart
Washington has a sure hand .
the courage of its convictions and
immensely ambitious , different than anything that 's been done before
immensely ambitious , different than anything that 's been done before and
immensely ambitious , different than anything that 's been done before and amazingly successful
immensely ambitious , different than anything that 's been done before and amazingly successful in terms of what it 's trying to do
immensely ambitious
immensely ambitious ,
his life-altering experiences
, Red Dragon rates as an exceptional thriller .
, Safe Conduct is so rich with period minutiae it 's like dying and going to celluloid heaven .
, Scotland , PA would be forgettable if it were n't such a clever adaptation of the bard 's tragic play .
, Secret Ballot is a purposefully reductive movie -- which may be why it 's so successful at lodging itself in the brain .
, Punch-Drunk Love is never heavy-handed .
, Punch-Drunk Love is never heavy-handed . The jabs it employs are short , carefully placed and dead-center .
the classic Disney adaptation
the classic Disney adaptation of J . M
the classic Disney adaptation of J . M . Barrie 's Peter Pan
gasp
ca n't remember the last time I saw an audience laugh so much during a movie
solidly constructed
give a second look if we passed them on the street
give a pretty good overall picture of the situation
give a pretty good overall picture of the situation in Laramie following the murder of Matthew Shepard
give a second look
give herself over completely to the tormented persona of Bibi
A celebration
treasures
the ensemble has something fascinating to do
the conflicted complexity of his characters
existentialism reminding of the discovery of the wizard of God
to outshine the original
a temporal inquiry
lively , convincing dialogue
, she sees it as a chance to revitalize what is and always has been remarkable about clung-to traditions .
, shining performance offers us the sense that on some elemental level , Lilia deeply wants to break free of her old life .
, shot in artful , watery tones of blue , green and brown .
, shrewd , powerful act
, smart , savvy , compelling
, smartly played and smartly directed .
at ` face value ' to recommend to anyone looking for something different
these days to appreciate
there is an interesting story of pointed personalities , courage , tragedy and the little guys vs. the big guys
as you have to admit that somehow it hit you where you live
asset
astute appraisal
unexpected plot twist
Adaptation is intricately constructed
Adaptation is intricately constructed and
Adaptation is intricately constructed and in a strange way nails all of Orlean 's themes without being a true adaptation of her book
Adaptation is intricately constructed and in a strange way nails all of Orlean 's themes without being a true adaptation of her book .
Affectionately
Affectionately reminds us that , in any language , the huge stuff in life can usually be traced back to the little things .
out in high style
out of Eudora Welty
out of John C . Walsh 's Pipe Dream is the distinct and very welcome sense of watching intelligent people making a movie
one that attempts and often achieves a level of connection and concern
one terrific story with lots of laughs
one terrific score and attitude to spare
one terrific story
one terrific score
one terrific score and
one surefire way to get a nomination for a best-foreign-film Oscar : Make a movie about whimsical folk who learn a nonchallenging , life-affirming lesson while walking around a foreign city with stunning architecture
treat .
of political correctness
of paint-by-number romantic comedies
see , a haunted house , a haunted ship , what 's next ... Ghost Blimp
a dashing and resourceful hero ; a lisping , reptilian villain ; big fights ; big hair ; lavish period scenery ;
a dashing and resourceful hero ; a lisping , reptilian villain ; big fights ; big hair ;
a dashing and resourceful hero ; a lisping , reptilian villain ; big fights ; big hair
a dashing and resourceful hero ; a lisping , reptilian villain ; big fights
a dashing and resourceful hero ; a lisping , reptilian villain ;
a dashing and resourceful hero ; a lisping , reptilian villain
a dashing and resourceful hero ;
a dashing and resourceful hero
crafted meditation
crafted and
crafted and acted tale
engaging on an emotional level , funnier , and on the whole less detached
engaging nostalgia piece
engaging offbeat touches
engross
Is Red Dragon worthy of a place alongside the other Hannibal movies ? As Hannibal would say , yes , ` It 's like having an old friend for dinner ' .
Is an Actress works as well as it does because ( the leads ) are such a companionable couple
Is an Actress works as well as it does because ( the leads ) are such a companionable couple .
Is truth stranger than fiction ? In ( screenwriter ) Charlie Kaufman 's world , truth and fiction are equally strange , and his for the taking .
Feature debuter D.J. Caruso directs a crack ensemble cast , bringing screenwriter Tony Gayton 's narcotics noir to life .
Featuring a dangerously seductive performance from the great Daniel Auteuil
Featuring a dangerously seductive performance from the great Daniel Auteuil , `` Sade '' covers the same period as Kaufmann 's `` Quills '' with more unsettlingly realistic results .
Featherweight romantic comedy has a few nice twists in a standard plot and the charisma of Hugh Grant and Sandra Bullock .
supply enough complications , close calls and double-crosses to satisfy us
some real vitality and even
Even these tales of just seven children seem at times too many , although in reality they are not enough . Every child 's story is what matters . This film can only point the way -- but thank goodness for this signpost .
right itself precisely when you think it 's in danger of going wrong
to the storytelling instincts of a slightly more literate filmgoing audience
to the titular character 's paintings and in the process created a masterful work of art of their own
Even if Invincible is not quite the career peak that The Pianist is for Roman Polanski , it demonstrates that Werner Herzog can still leave us with a sense of wonder at the diverse , marvelously twisted shapes history has taken .
Even if you 're an agnostic carnivore , you can enjoy much of Jonah simply , and gratefully , as laugh-out-loud lunacy with a pronounced Monty Pythonesque flavor .
Even if you 've seen '' Stomp '' ( the stage show ) , you still have to see this !
Even if you have no interest in the gang-infested , East-vs . - West Coast rap wars , this modern mob music drama never fails to fascinate .
of a director enjoying himself immensely
sobering and powerful documentary
sobering cautionary tale
soars above the globe in dazzling panoramic shots that make the most of the large-screen format , before swooping down on a string of exotic locales , scooping the whole world up in a joyous communal festival of rhythm .
of a determined woman 's courage to find her husband in a war zone
soars
thwart the world 's misery with blind good will
dinner guest
As a story of dramatic enlightenment
As a singular character study , it 's perfect .
As a science fiction movie , `` Minority Report '' astounds .
As a girl-meets-girl romantic comedy , Kissing Jessica Steinis quirky , charming and often hilarious .
gives us the perfect starting point for a national conversation about guns , violence , and fear
tight plot
'' is a sweet , honest , and enjoyable comedy-drama about a young woman who wants many things in life , but fears she 'll become her mother before she gets to fulfill her dreams .
time for their first public recital
'' is a great story , terrifically told by the man who wrote it but this Cliff Notes edition is a cheat .
'' is a probing examination of a female friendship set against a few dynamic decades .
'' is a perfect family film to take everyone to since there 's no new `` A Christmas Carol '' out in the theaters this year .
'' is a bright , light modern day family parable that wears its heart on its sleeve for all to see .
'' is a fun and funky look into an artificial creation in a world that thrives on artificiality .
'' is a difficult film to shake from your conscience when night falls .
Who knows , but it works under the direction of Kevin Reynolds .
, it uses very little dialogue , making it relatively effortless to read and follow the action at the same time .
, it succeeds as a powerful look at a failure of our justice system .
, it will remind them that Hong Kong action cinema is still alive and kicking .
, its through-line of family and community is heartening in the same way that each season marks a new start .
, joyous celebration
it is a good and ambitious film
be over
be part of
be post-feminist breezy
will appeal to Discovery Channel fans and
will absolutely crack you up with her crass , then gasp for gas , verbal deportment .
will absolutely crack you up with her crass , then gasp for gas , verbal deportment
will appeal to Discovery Channel fans
will amuse or entertain them
will all but take you to outer space
formula family tearjerker
a wacky , screwball comedy
That the e-graveyard holds as many good ideas as bad is the cold comfort that Chin 's film serves up with style and empathy .
The power of this script ,
The power of this script , and the performances that come with it
The power of this script , and
The power of this script , and the performances that come with it ,
The premise of `` Abandon '' holds promise , ...
The premise of `` Abandon '' holds promise ,
Leguizamo 's best movie work so far , a subtle and richly internalized performance
Leigh makes these lives count . And he allows a gawky actor like Spall -- who could too easily become comic relief in any other film -- to reveal his impressively delicate range .
Leigh makes these lives count . And he allows a gawky actor like Spall -- who could too easily become comic relief in any other film -- to reveal his impressively delicate range
Leigh makes these lives count .
Leigh succeeds in delivering a dramatic slap in the face that 's simultaneously painful and refreshing .
Phillip Noyce and all of his actors -- as well as his cinematographer , Christopher Doyle -- understand the delicate forcefulness of Greene 's prose , and it 's there on the screen in their version of The Quiet American .
Photographed with melancholy richness
Photographed with melancholy richness and eloquently performed yet also decidedly uncinematic
Photographed with melancholy richness and
abundant
absolutely
Oscar-worthy performance
Oscar-size . Quaid is utterly fearless as the tortured husband living a painful lie
Piccoli 's performance is amazing , yes
Piccoli 's performance is amazing , yes ,
that accomplishes its primary goal without the use of special effects , but rather by emphasizing the characters
that actually has a brain
that a feel-good movie can still show real heart
the scariest guy you 'll see all summer
in the hands of a brutally honest individual like Prophet Jack
that Washington most certainly has a new career ahead of him
with a humanistic message
Spare but quietly effective retelling .
Special
Special P . O . V . camera mounts on bikes , skateboards , and motorcycles provide an intense experience when splashed across the immense IMAX screen .
get more re-creations of all those famous moments
bring cohesion
brilliant crime dramas
brilliant director
brilliant , honest performance
bring on the Battle Bots , please
are so believable that you feel what they feel
are simply dazzling ,
are simply dazzling , particularly Balk , who 's finally been given a part worthy of her considerable talents
are simply dazzling
are simply intoxicating .
are simply too good
are simply dazzling , particularly Balk , who 's finally been given a part worthy of her considerable talents .
are simply intoxicating
fairly disposable yet still entertaining
A breezy romantic comedy that
A breezy romantic comedy that has the punch of a good sitcom , while offering exceptionally well-detailed characters .
A brutally honest documentary
A brutally honest documentary about a much anticipated family reunion that goes wrong thanks to culture shock and a refusal to empathize with others
A beguiling , slow-moving parable about the collision of past and present on a remote seacoast in Iran
A beguiling splash of pastel colors and prankish comedy from Disney
A breezy romantic comedy
A buoyant romantic comedy
guarantees Karmen 's enthronement among the cinema 's memorable women
guarantees Karmen 's enthronement among the cinema 's memorable women .
guarantee
guarantee to have you leaving the theater with a smile on your face
guaranteed to lift the spirits of the whole family
guarantees
blood-curdling family intensity
blockbusters as Patriot Games can still turn out a small , personal film with an emotional wallop
large-format
is cool , slick stuff , ready to quench the thirst of an audience that misses the summer blockbusters
is definitely a unique modern fairytale
is cultural history of the best kind : informative , revealing and richly entertaining .
is cultural history of the best kind : informative , revealing and richly entertaining
is cool , slick stuff , ready to quench the thirst of an audience that misses the summer blockbusters .
You 're not merely watching history , you 're engulfed by it .
You 're not merely watching history
You can almost see Mendes and company getting together before a single frame had been shot and collectively vowing , ` This is going to be something really good . ' And it is
You can almost see Mendes and company getting together before a single frame had been shot and collectively vowing , ` This is going to be something really good . ' And it is .
You can almost see Mendes and company getting together before a single frame had been shot and collectively vowing , ` This is going to be something really good . '
You can almost see Mendes and company getting together before a single frame had been shot and collectively vowing , ` This is going to be something really good . ' And
tug at your heart in ways
turbulent self-discovery
tug at your heart in ways that utterly transcend gender
is more timely now than ever .
is more timely now than ever
is more than merely a Holocaust movie
is more than he has ever revealed before about the source of his spiritual survival
sterling ensemble cast
cartoons derived from TV shows
carry the movie because they are believable as people -- flawed , assured of the wrong things , and scared to admit how much they may really need the company of others .
carry the movie because they are believable as people -- flawed , assured of the wrong things , and scared to admit how much they may really need the company of others
cartoon 's
carved their own comfortable niche in the world
in this oddly sweet comedy about jokester highway patrolmen
in this film , which may be why it works as well as it does
Katz uses archival footage , horrifying documents of lynchings , still photographs and charming old reel-to-reel recordings of Meeropol entertaining his children to create his song history , but most powerful of all is the song itself
which is funny from
of strictly A-list players
of strong voices
of splendid performances
manages to nail the spirit-crushing ennui of denuded urban living without giving in to it .
manages to show the gentle and humane side of Middle Eastern world politics
most certainly has a new career ahead of him
most audacious , outrageous , sexually explicit , psychologically probing
The overall result is an intelligent , realistic portrayal of testing boundaries .
The pain , loneliness and insecurity of the screenwriting process are vividly and painfully brought to slovenly life in this self-deprecating , biting and witty feature written by Charlie Kaufman and his twin brother , Donald , and directed by Spike Jonze .
The otherwise good-naturedness of Mr . Deeds , with its embrace of sheer goofiness and cameos of less - than-likely New York celebrities ... certainly raises the film above anything Sandler 's been attached to before .
The overall effect is awe and affection -- and a strange urge to get on a board and , uh , shred , dude .
The people in Jessica are so recognizable and true that , as in real life , we 're never sure how things will work out .
adored The Full Monty so resoundingly
adoring , wide-smiling reception
which very simply sets out to entertain and ends up delivering in good measure
full of privileged moments and memorable performances
fulfill your wildest fantasies about being a different kind of time traveler ,
fulfill your wildest fantasies about being a different kind of time traveler
fulfill your wildest fantasies
fueling
has more than a few moments that are insightful enough to be fondly remembered in the endlessly challenging maze of moviegoing
has here a thriller
you 're willing to have fun with it
septuagenarian star
you 're in luck .
'60s and
the new film is much more eye-catching than its blood-drenched stephen norrington-directed predecessor
Between them , De Niro and Murphy make Showtime the most savory and hilarious guilty pleasure of many a recent movie season .
is no rest period , no timeout
Bielinsky 's great game
is not a stereotypical one of self-discovery ,
very much like life
very moving and revelatory footnote
It 's a rare window on an artistic collaboration .
It 's a satisfying summer blockbuster and worth a look .
It 's a diverting enough hour-and-a-half for the family audience .
It 's a glorious spectacle like those D . W . Griffith made in the early days of silent film .
It 's a demented kitsch mess ( although the smeary digital video does match the muddled narrative ) , but it 's savvy about celebrity and has more guts and energy than much of what will open this year
It 's a demented kitsch mess ( although the smeary digital video does match the muddled narrative ) , but it 's savvy about celebrity and has more guts and energy than much of what will open this year .
It 's a much more emotional journey than what Shyamalan has given us in his past two movies , and Gibson , stepping in for Bruce Willis , is the perfect actor to take us on the trip
It 's a quirky , off-beat project ...
It 's a much more emotional journey than what Shyamalan has given us in his past two movies ,
It 's a much more emotional journey than what Shyamalan has given us in his past two movies , and
( A ) rare , beautiful film
the French-produced `` Read My Lips '' is a movie that understands characters must come first .
the Gallic ` tradition of quality
More than simply a portrait of early extreme sports , this peek into the 1970s skateboard revolution
More of the same from Taiwanese auteur Tsai Ming-liang , which is good news to anyone who 's fallen under the sweet , melancholy spell of this unique director 's previous films
More intimate
More good than great but Freeman and Judd make it work .
Among the year 's most intriguing explorations of alientation .
Among the year 's most intriguing explorations of alientation
More of the same from Taiwanese auteur Tsai Ming-liang , which is good news to anyone who 's fallen under the sweet , melancholy spell of this unique director 's previous films .
, unusual , even nutty
Steers refreshingly clear of the usual cliches
Steers refreshingly clear
, vibrant introduction
laugh because he acts so goofy all the time
the dialogue and drama often food-spittingly funny
a climactic hero 's
a clearer , more memorable
by a terrific performance by Abbass
romantic comedy genre
romp from Robert Rodriguez .
the payoff for the audience
De Niro and McDormand give solid performances ,
De Niro and McDormand give solid performances , but
De Niro and McDormand give solid performances , but their screen time is sabotaged by the story 's inability to create interest .
Ford effortlessly filled with authority
ebullient affection
by anyone with even a passing interest in the events shaping the world beyond their own horizons
eat the whole thing up
to feel like other movies
slaloming through its hackneyed elements with enjoyable ease
to warm our hearts
sometimes hilarious )
enthusiastic audience
entertainment and evangelical
entertainingly presented
entertaining tricks
pure entertainment
, this might not seem like the proper cup of tea , however it is almost guaranteed that even the stuffiest cinema goers will laugh their \*\*\* off for an hour-and-a-half .
, this makes for perfectly acceptable , occasionally very enjoyable children 's entertainment .
an enormous amount of affection
, this second go-round possesses a quite pleasing , headlong thrust and a likably delinquent attitude .
pure craft
an epic
'' is the film equivalent of a lovingly rendered coffee table book .
grandeur and scale
great cinematic innovation
pure craft and
was given free reign over this project
placed on any list of favorites
plain boring
it bags . This is one for the ages
it avoids the stupid cliches and formulaic potholes that befall its brethren .
it appears that ( Jackie ) Chan 's US influence is starting to show in his Hong Kong films .
it an honest , lived-in glow
a solid formula for successful animated movies
a solid formula
a solid , anguished performance
a solid , unassuming drama
a solid , anguished performance that eclipses nearly everything else she 's ever done
a solid base
a solid , unassuming drama .
a solid emotional impact
a solid base hit .
great summer fun
great summer
great performances
great acting
great
grandkids
sleek
a consistent embracing humanity
, jovial team
, it would have been groundbreaking .
here 's a fun one .
at the residents of a Copenhagen neighborhood coping with the befuddling complications life
a sexy slip of an earth mother who mourns her tragedies in private and embraces life in public
a sexy slip of an earth mother
a sharp script and strong performances
a sharp script
a sharp script and
holds the film together with a supremely kittenish performance that gradually accumulates more layers
One of the most exciting action films to come out of China in recent years
One of the most exciting action films to come out of China in recent years .
One of the funnier movies in town .
One of the most exciting action films
One of the funnier movies
One of the funnier movies in town
One of the film 's most effective aspects
a standout performance
a story that needs to be heard in the sea of Holocaust movies
a story of dramatic enlightenment
rosily myopic view
root for convicted violent felons over those assigned to protect us from same
right stuff
right questions
right elements
encourage
enchantment
encourage others to stand up and applaud
enchanting film that presents an audacious tour of the past and takes within its warm embrace the bounties of cultural artifacts inside St . Petersburg
endlessly fascinating , landmark movie
it introduces viewers to a good charitable enterprise and some interesting real people
all plays out ... like a high-end John Hughes comedy , a kind of Elder Bueller 's Time Out .
all sing beautifully and act adequately .
all that memorable , but as downtown Saturday matinee brain
Nothing wrong with performances here
A searing , epic treatment of a nationwide blight that seems to be
A rollicking ride , with jaw-dropping action sequences , striking villains , a gorgeous color palette , astounding technology , stirring music and a boffo last hour that leads up to a strangely sinister happy ending .
A sense of real magic
A searing , epic treatment of a nationwide blight that seems to be , horrifyingly , ever on the rise .
A searing , epic treatment of a nationwide blight that seems to be ,
A sensitive and astute first feature by Anne-Sophie Birot .
A sensitive and astute
pretty convincing
pretty convincing performance
pretty diverting
pretty funny movie
pretty good overall picture
of our making
of our respect
of our best actors
the filmmakers found this a remarkable and novel concept
The story wraps back around on itself in the kind of elegant symmetry that 's rare in film today , but be warned
documentary-like credibility
The stunning , dreamlike visuals
does manage to make a few points about modern man and his problematic quest for human connection
reinforces the talents of screenwriter charlie kaufman , creator of adaptation and being john malkovich .
reinforces the talents of screenwriter charlie kaufman , creator of adaptation and being john malkovich
This filmed Tosca -- not the first , by the way -- is a pretty good job , if it 's filmed Tosca that you want .
This film can only point the way -- but thank goodness for this signpost .
This film is so different from The Apple and so striking that it can only encourage us to see Samira Makhmalbaf as a very distinctive sensibility , working to develop her own film language with conspicuous success .
This film puts Wang at the forefront of China 's Sixth Generation of film makers .
This enthralling documentary
This enthralling documentary ... is at once playful and haunting , an in-depth portrait of an iconoclastic artist who was fundamentally unknowable even to his closest friends .
This fascinating experiment
This fascinating experiment plays as more of a poetic than a strict reality , creating an intriguing species of artifice that gives The Lady and the Duke something of a theatrical air .
The talents of the actors helps '' Moonlight Mile '' rise above its heart-on-its-sleeve writing .
The talents of the actors helps '' Moonlight Mile ''
than what you do see thriller , coupled with some arresting effects , incandescent tones and stupendous performances
thanks to some lovely comedic moments and several fine performances
thanks to the presence
thanks in part to interesting cinematic devices ( cool visual backmasking ) , a solid cast , and some wickedly sick and twisted humor
thanks to Kline 's superbly nuanced performance , that pondering is highly pleasurable .
thanks to the presence of ` the King
thanks to the presence of ` the King , ' it also rocks .
such a great one
its sunny disposition
than I expected , though , and that 's because the laughs come from fairly basic comedic constructs .
He allows his cast members to make creative contributions to the story and dialogue .
than a funny and weird meditation on Hollywood , success , artistic integrity and intellectual bankruptcy
such a mechanical endeavor (
such a straightforward , emotionally honest manner that by the end
the wit
Hawaiian setting
that the theme does n't drag an audience down
Its metaphors
Its gentle , touching story
Its gentle , touching story creeps into your heart .
Its metaphors are opaque enough to avoid didacticism , and the film succeeds as an emotionally accessible , almost mystical work
Its metaphors are opaque enough to avoid didacticism , and the film succeeds as an emotionally accessible , almost mystical work .
Its metaphors are opaque enough to avoid didacticism , and
on providing deep emotional motivation for each and every one of Abagnale 's antics
and stunning acting
and stupendous performances
and subtly , the film , sporting a breezy spontaneity and realistically drawn characterizations , develops into a significant character study that is both moving and wise .
and sugar-sweet
and super-cool , and definitely not in a hurry
and superbly paced
and supercharged
distance it from the pack of paint-by-number romantic comedies
distinguished film legacy
distinctive milieu
distinguishes
showing us well-thought stunts or a car chase
showing off his doctorate
superb
superior to its predecessor
support of a viewer .
a loving screen transferral
a lively and enjoyable adventure
a lively and enjoyable adventure for all ages at any time
a keen , unsentimental look at variations on the theme of motherhood .
a leading man away from perfection
the black-and-white archival footage of their act
Garcia and the other actors help make the wobbly premise work .
Gedeck , who makes Martha enormously endearing
Gedeck
some good , organic
some good ,
some good , organic character work
some good , organic character
some good
some good , organic character work , lots of obvious political insights
Not a film to rival To Live , but a fine little amuse-bouche to keep your appetite whetted
No screen fantasy-adventure in recent memory has the showmanship of Clones ' last 45 minutes .
Nolan is poised to embark a major career as a commercial yet inventive filmmaker
will encourage others to stand up and applaud , and
gives added clout to this doc
gives a superb performance full of deep feeling .
gives a portrayal as solid and as perfect as his outstanding performance as Bond in Die Another Day .
gives a portrayal as solid and as perfect as his outstanding performance as Bond in Die Another Day
gives a superb performance full of deep feeling
gives a superb performance
gives a performance that is masterly
gives The Lady and the Duke something of a theatrical air
gives a performance that is masterly .
, light modern day family parable
proves surprisingly serviceable
, it ultimately delivers
, its characters all the more touching for refusing to pity or memorialize themselves .
, it still manages to string together enough charming moments to work .
, it throws you for a loop .
, laugh-a-minute crowd pleaser
, letting its imagery speak for it while it forces you to ponder anew what a movie can be .
, knows in his bones that he is one of the luckiest men alive
this gentle , mesmerizing portrait
this gender-bending comedy
this gender-bending comedy is generally quite funny .
this frozen tundra soap opera that breathes extraordinary life into the private existence of the Inuit people
this funny film
this gentle , mesmerizing portrait of a man coming to terms with time
As Hannibal would say , yes , ` It 's like having an old friend for dinner ' .
As I settled into my World War II memories , I found myself strangely moved by even the corniest and most hackneyed contrivances .
As Antonia is assimilated into this newfangled community , the film settles in and becomes compulsively watchable in a guilty-pleasure , daytime-drama sort of fashion .
As Janice , Eileen Walsh , an engaging , wide-eyed actress whose teeth are a little too big for her mouth , infuses the movie with much of its slender , glinting charm .
, I enjoyed it just as much
, I hate myself most mornings . I still like Moonlight Mile , better judgment be damned
persistently
the ranks
the rare trick of seeming at once both refreshingly different and reassuringly familiar
indulge the force of humanity over hardware in a way
informative , revealing and
informative , revealing
for quality and a nostalgic , twisty yarn that will keep them guessing
indulge the force of humanity
incredibly clever and
for people who like their romances to have that French realism
of the true genre enthusiast
of the things Costner movies are known for
thoughtful minor classic
display his cadness to perfection
Danilo Donati 's witty designs and Dante Spinotti 's luscious cinematography
to resolve to be a total winner
But while the highly predictable narrative falls short , Treasure Planet is truly gorgeous to behold .
Kouyate elicits strong performances from his cast ,
Kouyate elicits strong performances from his cast , and
Kouyate elicits strong performances from his cast , and he delivers a powerful commentary on how governments lie , no matter who runs them
's on his way
's one of the most honest films ever made about Hollywood
's one of the most honest films ever made about Hollywood .
's perfect . It 's also the year 's sweetest movie
's perfect . It 's also the year 's sweetest movie .
created a beautiful canvas
an interested detachment
created a predictably efficient piece of business notable largely for its overwhelming creepiness , for an eagerness to create images you wish you had n't seen , which , in this day and age , is of course the point
created a provocative
create a complex , unpredictable character
an interesting , even sexy premise
that the compact 86 minutes breezes by
that that is both unflinching and tantalizing
that speaks volumes about the ability of the human spirit to find solace in events that could easily crush it forever
that somehow it hit you where you live
created a provocative ,
created a provocative , absorbing drama that reveals the curse of a self-hatred instilled by rigid social mores
that touches nerves and rings true
too goodly , wise and knowing or downright comically evil
too great
too goodly , wise and knowing
pure escapism
advancing this vision
pure craft and passionate heart
too goodly ,
, the basic plot of `` Lilo '' could have been pulled from a tear-stained vintage Shirley Temple script .
, the L.A. beach scene and the imaginative ( and sometimes illegal ) ways kids can make a playground out of the refuse of adults .
, the French-produced `` Read My Lips '' is a movie that understands characters must come first .
gentle comedy
offbeat , sometimes gross and surprisingly appealing animated film
offering a peep show into the lives of the era 's creme de la celluloid
what made you love it
pure composition and form
an era dominated by cold , loud special-effects-laden extravaganzas
an equally impressive degree
an epiphany
an epic four-hour Indian musical about a cricket game
an epic four-hour Indian musical
photographed in the manner of a Golden Book sprung to life
philosophical musings
finding the characters in Slackers or their antics amusing , let alone funny
finds a consistent tone
finds a consistent tone and
finds a consistent tone and lacks
finds its tone and several scenes run
a Funeral '' fun
a Triumph
a Lifetime special -- pleasant , sweet and forgettable
though , this is a refreshingly novel ride
gets terrific performances from them all .
gets terrific performances from them all
gets the job done -- a sleepy afternoon rental
gets fine performances from his two leads who originated the characters on stage
gets even better in hindsight , as you mull over its every nuance in your mind
gets just about everything right .
gets just about everything right
thoughtful , provocative , insistently humanizing film
gets to display his cadness to perfection , but also to show acting range that may surprise some who thought light-hearted comedy was his forte .
gets to display his cadness to perfection , but also to show acting range that may surprise some who thought light-hearted comedy was his forte
scariest movies to come along in a long , long time
say that it 's the equal of some of its predecessors
stylized Swedish fillm about a modern city where all the religious and civic virtues that hold society in place are in tatters
stylized Swedish fillm about a modern city where all the religious and civic virtues that hold society in place are in tatters .
stylized Swedish fillm
stylized Swedish fillm about a modern city
stylists
what once was conviction
viciously honest
viciously honest coming-of-age films
subconscious
's the very definition of epic adventure
's the very definition of epic adventure .
's this rich and luscious
because despite all the backstage drama , this is a movie that tells stories that work -- is charming , is moving
because , unlike so many other Hollywood movies of its ilk , it offers hope
because ( the leads ) are such a companionable couple
beauty , grace
beauty , grace and
counterparts well ...
because he gives the story some soul
Looking aristocratic , luminous yet careworn in Jane Hamilton 's exemplary costumes
Love
Looking aristocratic , luminous yet careworn in Jane Hamilton 's exemplary costumes , Rampling gives a performance that could not be improved upon .
Look , this is a terrific flick replete with dazzling camera-work , dancing and music .
pique your interest , your imagination , your empathy or anything ,
smartly
Lovely ! Brilliant ! '
There 's a delightfully quirky movie to be made from curling
acute expressiveness
Their work is fantastic .
acute enough
actually turns in a pretty convincing performance as a prissy teenage girl
actually pulling it off
actually improves upon the original hit movie
a best selling
There 's a delightfully quirky movie to be made from curling , but
Is it a total success
a beautifully
There 's a delightfully quirky movie to be made from curling ,
a backbone
Venice Beach that was a deserved co-winner of the Audience Award for documentaries at the Sundance Film Festival
Vardalos and Corbett , who play their roles with vibrant charm
Vera has created a provocative , absorbing drama that reveals the curse of a self-hatred instilled by rigid social mores .
its heart is so much in the right place it is difficult to get really peeved at it .
its fully-written characters , its determined stylishness ( which always relates to characters and story ) and Johnny Dankworth 's best soundtrack in years
its goals with ease and confidence
its heart and its spirit
its finest
its fully-written characters
its fully-written characters , its determined stylishness
its fully-written characters , its determined stylishness ( which always relates to characters and story )
If the real-life story is genuinely inspirational , the movie stirs us as well .
If the real-life story is genuinely inspirational
If the plot seems a bit on the skinny side , that 's because Panic Room is interested in nothing more than sucking you in ... and making you sweat .
Is office work really as alienating as ` Bartleby ' so effectively makes it
have a stirring time at this beautifully drawn movie
, but those who loved Cool as Ice have at last found a worthy follow-up .
The gifted Crudup has the perfect face to play a handsome blank yearning to find himself
when it reminds you how pertinent its dynamics remain
, but together they are magnificent .
be entertained by the sight of someone getting away with something
be exploring the idea of why human beings long for what they do n't have , and how this gets us in trouble
, but to moviegoers who enjoy thinking about compelling questions with no easy answers
, but with his affection for Astoria and its people he has given his tale a warm glow .
of visual flair
of vegetables
of updating White 's dry wit to a new age
romantic urgency
sensitivity and skill
sensuous and
sensuous and spirited tale
sensuous and spirited
Disney sentimentality mixed in for good measure
romantic comedy with a fresh point of view just does n't figure in the present Hollywood program .
The next generation of mob movie . Part low rent Godfather . Part Three Stooges .
The movie understands like few others how the depth and breadth of emotional intimacy give the physical act all of its meaning and most of its pleasure .
The next generation of mob movie
The movie occasionally threatens to become didactic , but it 's too grounded in the reality of its characters to go over the edge . A touch of humor or an unexpected plot twist always pulls it back
bigger-than-life screen
bigger-than-life
blast
a true delight .
enjoyable to watch as it is enlightening to listen to new sides of a previous reality , and to visit with some of the people who were able to make an impact in the theater world
a tremendous , offbeat sense of style and humor
a tremendous , offbeat sense of style and humor that suggests he was influenced by some of the filmmakers who have directed him , especially the Coen brothers and Steven Soderbergh
a treat -- a delightful , witty , improbable romantic comedy with a zippy jazzy score
a tremendous , offbeat sense
a treat --
A touching drama about old age and grief with a tour de
A touching drama about old age and grief with a tour de force performance by Michel Piccoli .
A touching drama
A touching drama about old age and grief
A tone of rueful compassion ... reverberates throughout this film , whose meaning and impact is sadly heightened by current world events
A tone of rueful compassion ... reverberates throughout this film , whose meaning and impact is sadly heightened by current world events .
A tone of rueful compassion ...
lump-in-the-throat
lump-in-the-throat family entertainment that derives its power by sticking to the facts
lump-in-the-throat family entertainment that derives its power by sticking to the facts .
A tour de force
A tour de force of modern cinema
resultado su premisa , pues el resultado es francamente aburrido y
his sly , intricate magic
The characters are more deeply thought through than in most ` right-thinking ' films .
The charm of Revolution OS is rather the way it introduces you to new , fervently held ideas and fanciful thinkers .
The charm of Revolution OS
The charm of the first movie is still there
The charm of the first movie
Hilarious musical comedy
Its flame-like , roiling black-and-white inspires trembling and gratitude .
this one is for you .
the fabric of the film
the expressive power of the camera
the expressive power
the extraordinary technical accomplishments
the extra effort to see an artist , still committed to growth in his ninth decade , change while remaining true to his principles
the extraordinary technical accomplishments of the first film
the scenes from his fellow cast , as there are plenty of laughs and good lines for everyone in this comedy
introducing an intriguing and alluring premise ,
introducing an intriguing and alluring premise
and the music is simply sublime .
and thoroughly enjoyable true
and the dialogue is realistic and greatly moving . The scope of the Silberstein family
and the film uses humour to make its points about acceptance and growth .
should transcend any awards it bags .
and to visit with some of the people who were able to make an impact in the theater world
and touching drama
is ultimately what makes Shanghai Ghetto move beyond a good , dry , reliable textbook and what allows it to rank with its worthy predecessors
is ultimately what makes Shanghai Ghetto move beyond a good , dry , reliable textbook and what allows it to rank with its worthy predecessors .
is uncompromising , difficult and unbearably beautiful
is uncompromising , difficult and unbearably beautiful .
Richard Gere and Diane Lane put in fine performances as does French actor Oliver Martinez .
Reveals how important our special talents can be when put in service of of others .
Reveals how important our special talents can be when put in service of of others . It also shows how deeply felt emotions can draw people together across the walls that might otherwise separate them .
a role that Ford effortlessly filled with authority
a right to yawp
a rosily myopic view
The episodic film makes valid points about the depersonalization of modern life .
Many a parent and their teen ( or preteen ) kid could bond while watching A Walk To Remember . So could young romantics out on a date .
The enormous comic potential
trying to please his mom
it can
Not as distinctive or even as humorous as its needs to be to stand out , but it has clearly been made with affection and care
Not everything works , but the average is higher than in Mary and most other recent comedies
Not a cozy or ingratiating work , but it 's challenging , sometimes clever , and always interesting , and those are reasons enough to see it
characteristically startling visual style and an almost palpable sense of intensity
characterization , poignancy , and intelligence
A giggle-inducing comedy with snappy dialogue
A giggle-inducing comedy with snappy dialogue and
A genuinely moving and wisely unsentimental drama .
A giggle-inducing comedy
A gently funny , sweetly adventurous film that makes you feel genuinely good , that is to say , entirely unconned by false sentiment or sharp , overmanipulative Hollywood practices .
A genuinely moving and wisely unsentimental drama
A gently funny , sweetly adventurous film that makes you feel genuinely good , that is to say
A gently funny , sweetly adventurous film that makes you feel genuinely good , that is to say ,
A giggle-inducing comedy with snappy dialogue and winning performances by an unlikely team of Oscar-winners
A giggle-inducing comedy with snappy dialogue and winning performances by an unlikely team of Oscar-winners :
since Beauty and the Beast
saddled with an unwieldy cast of characters and angles , but the payoff is powerful and revelatory
Works hard to establish
Woody Allen movie ever . He has a great cast and a great idea .
Woody Allen movie ever . He has a great cast and a great idea
in the right place
simple and innocent a movie as you can imagine .
in the manner of a golden book sprung to life
in the lead
simple and innocent
simple , but gritty and well-acted ensemble
Kaufman and Jonze take huge risks to ponder the whole notion of passion -- our desire as human beings for passion in our lives and the emptiness one feels when it is missing
Kaufman and Jonze take huge risks to ponder the whole notion of passion --
Kaufman and Jonze take huge risks to ponder the whole notion of passion
Katz 's documentary does n't have much panache , but with material this rich it does n't need it .
simple and innocent a movie
, his distance from the material is mostly admirable .
guilty pleasures
, humor and snappy dialogue
as I usually am to feel-good , follow-your-dream Hollywood fantasies
as Disney 's 1937 breakthrough
A riveting profile of law enforcement , and a visceral , nasty journey into an urban Hades .
as Jet Li on rollerblades
anything resembling reality
appeal even to those who are n't too familiar with turntablism
an especially well-executed television movie
landmark role
is first-rate , especially Sorvino
an artist , one whose view of America , history and the awkwardness of human life is generous and deep
an amusing joy ride
an appealing blend
an amazing job
an amazing job of getting realistic performances from his mainly nonprofessional cast
an appealing blend of counter-cultural idealism and hedonistic creativity
Daniel Radcliffe more emotionally assertive this time around as Harry
Dark , resonant , inventively detailed and packed with fleet turns of plot and a feast of visual amazement .
a passing twinkle
his character 's abundant humanism makes him the film 's moral compass
his best film
the talents of screenwriter charlie kaufman , creator of adaptation
his cinematic vision
much worth
comes together to create a very compelling , sensitive , intelligent and almost cohesive piece of film entertainment
Carrying off a spot-on Scottish burr
Caruso sometimes descends into sub-Tarantino cuteness ... but for the most part he makes sure The Salton Sea works the way a good noir should , keeping it tight and nasty .
Caruso takes an atypically hypnotic approach to a world that 's often handled in fast-edit , hopped-up fashion
has been remarkable about clung-to traditions
has clever ways of capturing inner-city life during the Reagan years
at trying to create some pretty cool characters
only occasionally satirical and
the sweetest thing , a romantic comedy with outrageous tendencies , may be a mess in a lot of ways . but it does have one saving grace . a lot of its gags and observations reflect a woman 's point-of-view .
has clever ways of capturing inner-city life during the Reagan years .
has proved its creative mettle .
has produced in recent memory , even if it 's far tamer than advertised .
has proved its creative mettle
going , with enough amusing banter -- blessedly curse-free --
has rarely been more fun than it is in Nine Queens
satisfying kids flck
satisfying complete picture
is a fast , frenetic , funny , even punny 6 -- aimed specifically at a grade-school audience
bringing beloved kids ' books
is a fast , frenetic , funny , even punny 6 -- aimed specifically at a grade-school audience .
both exude an air of dignity that 's perfect for the proud warrior that still lingers in the souls of these characters .
both charming
cute as all get-out
is a director to watch
is a fabric of complex ideas here , and feelings that profoundly deepen them
your own Mystery Science Theatre 3000 tribute
a hip-hop fan to appreciate Scratch
a hilarious place to visit
a hilarious ode to middle America and middle age with this unlikely odyssey
a hilarious ode to middle America and
a hilarious ode to middle America
a hilarious ode
a hilarious Kenneth Branagh . An excellent sequel
a hilarious Kenneth Branagh .
a highly gifted 12-year-old instead of a grown man
almost solely as an exercise in gorgeous visuals .
as a filmmaker of considerable potential
... but at least this time there 's some centered storytelling to go along with all the weird stuff .
In theory , a middle-aged romance pairing Clayburgh and Tambor sounds promising
In theory , a middle-aged romance pairing Clayburgh and Tambor sounds promising ,
In trying to be daring and original
as a film maker who artfully bends technical know-how to the service of psychological insight
believable performances
as a creative sequel
The origin story is well told , and the characters will not disappoint anyone who values the original comic books . It 's in the action scenes that things fall apart .
's a much more emotional journey than what Shyamalan has given us in his past two movies
's a lovely film with lovely performances by Buy and Accorsi .
's a good film -- not a classic , but odd , entertaining and authentic .
's a lovely film with lovely performances by Buy and Accorsi
's a good director
's a glorious groove that leaves you wanting more .
's a good film -- not a classic , but odd , entertaining and authentic
's a good director .
creative thought
creative storytelling
creates a drama with such a well-defined sense of place and age -- as in , 15 years old -- that the torments and angst become almost as operatic to us as they are to her characters .
creates a drama with such a well-defined sense of place and age -- as in , 15 years old -- that the torments and angst become almost as operatic to us as they are to her characters
creating an emotionally complex , dramatically satisfying heroine
creative action
more appealing
a treatise on spirituality
a treat watching Shaw , a British stage icon , melting under the heat of Phocion 's attentions
a tragic love story
a treatise on spirituality as well as a solid sci-fi thriller
a treatise on spirituality as well as
they invariably shake up the formula and make it more interesting .
more emotional
more emotionally assertive
moral codes and ideals
Its compelling mix of trial movie , escape movie and unexpected fable ensures the film never feels draggy .
Its compelling mix of trial movie , escape movie and unexpected fable
Its compelling mix
, it must be labelled ` hip ' , ` innovative ' and ` realistic '
A ' list cast
Hanukkah
constructs a hilarious ode to middle America and middle age with this unlikely odyssey , featuring a pathetic , endearing hero who is all too human
constructs a hilarious ode to middle America and middle age with this unlikely odyssey ,
constructs a hilarious ode to middle America and middle age with this unlikely odyssey , featuring a pathetic , endearing hero who is all too human .
Hard-core slasher aficionados will find things to like
It might be ` easier ' to watch on video at home , but that should n't stop die-hard French film connoisseurs from going out and enjoying the big-screen experience
As Hugh Grant says repeatedly throughout the movie , ` Lovely ! Brilliant ! '
As a belated nod to some neglected all-stars
It must be the end of the world : the best film so far this year is a franchise sequel starring Wesley Snipes .
's refreshing to see a movie that embraces its old-fashioned themes and in the process comes out looking like something wholly original .
's refreshing to see a movie that embraces its old-fashioned themes and in the process comes out looking like something wholly original
's refreshing after the phoniness of female-bonding pictures like Divine Secrets of the Ya-Ya Sisterhood
's rare for any movie to be as subtle and touching as The Son 's Room .
's remarkable procession of sweeping pictures that have reinvigorated the romance genre .
's remarkable procession of sweeping pictures that have reinvigorated the romance genre
's refreshing to see a romance this smart .
's refreshing to see a romance this smart
accomplished Oscar winners Susan Sarandon , Dustin Hoffman and Holly Hunter , yet newcomer Ellen Pompeo pulls off the feat with aplomb
accomplished and
accomplished Oscar winners
has that rare quality of being able to creep the living hell out of you ...
to win a wide summer audience through word-of-mouth reviews and , not far down the line , to find a place among the studio 's animated classics
to win a wide summer audience through word-of-mouth reviews and ,
to win a wide summer audience through word-of-mouth reviews and
to work us over , with second helpings of love , romance , tragedy , false dawns , real dawns , comic relief , two separate crises during marriage ceremonies , and the lush scenery of the Cotswolds
slight comedy
wow factors
woven together skilfully
wounding Uncle Ralph . It 's a great performance and a reminder of Dickens ' grandeur
place for a great film noir
place and personal identity
pitch-perfect Holden
effortlessly
edgy thriller
economically packed with telling scenes
economical
of a phonograph record
of a movie that defies classification and is as thought-provoking as it
effortlessly regal charisma
Lan Yu is certainly a serviceable melodrama ,
the most creative mayhem
the most entertaining monster movies
the most exciting action films
the most entertaining monster movies in ages
the most fluent of actors
the most important and exhilarating forms of animated filmmaking since old Walt
the most important and exhilarating forms
James Horner 's rousing score
is a riveting , brisk delight
is a riveting , brisk delight .
is a risky venture that never quite goes where you expect and often surprises you with unexpected comedy .
is a self-aware , often self-mocking , intelligence
is a searing album of remembrance from those who , having survived , suffered most .
is a serious work by an important director who has something new to say about how , in the flip-flop of courtship , we often reel in when we should be playing out
maybe , but still a film with all the elements that made the other three great , scary times at the movies
well-acted
is so huge that a column of words can not adequately describe co-writer\/director Peter Jackson 's expanded vision of J.R.R. Tolkien 's Middle-earth
is solid meat-and-potatoes filmmaking
is a smart , romantic drama that dares to depict the french revolution from the aristocrats ' perspective
silly fun
is a masterpiece
is a more fascinating look at the future
is a masterpiece of elegant wit and artifice
is a more fascinating look at the future than '' bladerunner ''
is a more fascinating look at the future than '' bladerunner
is a sea of constant smiles and frequent laughter
by Alan Taylor , Napoleon 's journey is interesting but
by far the lightest Dogme film and
's absolutely spooky
's a hoot and a half , and a great way for the American people
what 's best about Drumline is its energy
Tender yet lacerating and darkly funny fable .
welcome role models
Tadpole is a sophisticated , funny and good-natured treat , slight but a pleasure .
Take Care of My Cat offers a refreshingly different slice of Asian cinema .
Tender yet lacerating and darkly funny fable
Tender
welcome wit
in her unfinished story
the kind of intimate and character-driven film that Bille August does best .
nice chills
the issues are subtly presented
Roger Michell ( '' Notting Hill `` ) directs a morality thriller . ''
Rock 's stand-up magic
we need stories so much
The fascination comes in the power of the Huston performance , which seems so larger than life and yet so fragile ,
The fascination comes in the power of the Huston performance , which seems so larger than life and yet so fragile , and
The fascination comes in the power of the Huston performance , which seems so larger than life and yet so fragile
The far future may be awesome to consider , but from period detail to matters of the heart , this film is most transporting when it stays put in the past
The far future may be awesome to consider , but from period detail to matters of the heart , this film is most transporting when it stays put in the past .
The far future may be awesome to consider , but
The fascination comes in the power of the Huston performance , which seems so larger than life and yet so fragile , and in the way the Ivan character accepts the news of his illness so quickly but still finds himself unable to react
The fascination comes in the power of the Huston performance , which seems so larger than life and yet so fragile , and in the way the Ivan character accepts the news of his illness so quickly but still finds himself unable to react .
While the transgressive trappings ( especially the frank sex scenes ) ensure that the film is never dull
You can take the grandkids or the grandparents and never worry about anyone being bored
While this film has an ` A ' list cast and some strong supporting players
While there 's likely very little crossover appeal to those without much interest in the Elizabethans ( as well as rank frustration from those in the know about Rubbo 's dumbed-down tactics ) , Much Ado About Something is an amicable endeavor .
to both architectural glories and commanding open spaces of the city
salute writer-director Haneke ( he adapted Elfriede Jelinek 's novel )
salute writer-director Haneke
welcome pinch
salute just for trying to be more complex than your average film .
before , from the incongruous but chemically perfect teaming of Crystal and De Niro
weirdly beautiful place
originality , wit ,
weirdly beautiful
those terrific songs and spirited performances
those reaching for more tissues and those begging for mercy
those terrific songs
salute writer-director Haneke ( he adapted Elfriede Jelinek 's novel ) for making a film that is n't nearly as graphic but much more powerful , brutally shocking and difficult to watch
those who like sick comedies that can be snide
before Janice comes racing to the rescue in the final reel
weirdly likable
anyone in search of a Jules and Jim for the new millennium
anxious to ride the Hogwarts Express toward a new year of magic and mischief .
anxious to ride the Hogwarts Express toward a new year of magic and mischief
any of these performances as award-worthy
plenty of funny movies recycle old tropes
plenty of funny movies
reinvented
wickedly satisfying
a single good reason
stays there for the duration
intermittently pleasing but mostly routine
intermittently pleasing
intermittent fun
steal your heart
steal a movie not only from charismatic rising star Jake Gyllenhaal but also from accomplished Oscar winners Susan Sarandon , Dustin Hoffman and Holly Hunter , yet newcomer Ellen Pompeo pulls off the feat with aplomb
steals the show
smile-button faces
steal your heart away
a light-hearted way the romantic problems
a light-hearted way
smile-button
comfort food for the mind
committed
committed performances
comparative accuracy
complete
complete with trouble and hope
complex and important
complex and important film
completed the day
has waited three years with breathless anticipation for a new hal hartley movie to pore over
has more guts and energy than much of what will open this year
has never been smoother or more confident
Pretension , in its own way , is a form of bravery . For this reason and this reason only -- the power of its own steadfast , hoity-toity convictions -- Chelsea Walls deserves a medal .
was immensely enjoyable
was immensely enjoyable thanks to great performances by both steve buscemi and rosario dawson
was immensely enjoyable thanks to great performances
a better short story
a benefit concert
luckiest viewers
loyalty , courage and dedication
narrative arc
narrated by Martin Landau and directed with sensitivity and skill by Dana Janklowicz-Mann
narrative continuity
narrative grace
Perceptive
An ambitious and moving but bleak film
a light touch
to imagine anyone managing to steal a movie not only from charismatic rising star Jake Gyllenhaal but also from accomplished Oscar winners Susan Sarandon , Dustin Hoffman and Holly Hunter , yet newcomer Ellen Pompeo pulls off the feat with aplomb
to honor the many faceless victims
to hit the silver screen , then this first film to use a watercolor background since '' Dumbo '' certainly ranks as the most original in years
to include every top-notch British actor who did not appear in Gosford Park ( as well as one , Ms . Mirren , who did )
to immerse us in a world of artistic abandon and political madness and very nearly
Funny and , at times , poignant , the film from director George Hickenlooper all takes place in Pasadena , '' a city where people still read . ''
Funny and , at times , poignant , the film from director George Hickenlooper
Funny and , at times , poignant , the film
Funny
Funeral '' fun
gloriously unsubtle
gloriously
go see this delightful comedy
sublime music
triumphantly
black-and-white psychedelia
A tour de force drama about the astonishingly pivotal role of imagination in the soulful development of two rowdy teenagers .
A tremendous piece of work
A tremendous piece
A timely look back at civil disobedience , anti-war movements and the power of strong voices .
A tone poem of transgression .
A triumph of pure craft and passionate heart
A tremendous piece of work .
remarkable ability to document both sides of this emotional car-wreck
undeniably intriguing
a minor miracle in Unfaithful
a minor miracle of self-expression
a minor treat
, and it 's a story that we as Americans , and human beings , should know
dynamited
an unforced , rapid-fire delivery
an unexpectedly adamant streak of warm-blooded empathy for all his disparate Manhattan denizens -- especially the a \*\* holes
the acting is fresh and unselfconscious , and Munch is a marvel of reality versus sappy sentiment .
the acting is fresh and unselfconscious
the adult mind
's like having an old friend for dinner ' .
a manner that one never overwhelms the other . something for everyone
but ` Barbershop ' shows he 's on his way
a tasty slice of droll whimsy .
a tasty
Only two words will tell you what you know when deciding to see it : Anthony
really is enormously good fun .
steeped in the atmosphere of wartime England
Harrison 's Flowers puts its heart in the right place , but
Holofcener rejects patent solutions to dramatize life 's messiness from inside out , in all its strange quirks .
Harrison 's Flowers puts its heart in the right place
Harrison 's Flowers puts its heart in the right place ,
's kind of
Spinning a web of dazzling entertainment may be overstating it , but `` Spider-Man '' certainly delivers the goods .
's just impossible not to feel nostalgia for movies you grew up with
's just as wonderful on the big screen .
will have found a cult favorite to enjoy for a lifetime .
with unblinking candor
with unimaginable demons
with unimpeachable clarity
will have fun with
realized on the screen
realistically terrifying movie
realized through clever makeup design ,
realized through clever makeup design
skillful and
skilfully
skillfully assembled
skillful fisher
skillful filmmaker
skillful and moving
skillfully assembled , highly polished
skillfully assembled ,
will find in these characters ' foibles a timeless and unique perspective
the best 60 Minutes
will find in these characters ' foibles a timeless and unique perspective .
Jesse Ventura 's best work
A refreshingly honest and ultimately touching tale of the sort of people usually ignored in contemporary American film .
A refreshingly honest and ultimately touching tale
you 'll probably see a bit of yourself in her unfinished story .
the beat of a different drum
This is a story of two misfits who do n't stand a chance alone , but together they are magnificent .
This is a story of two misfits who do n't stand a chance alone , but together they are magnificent
This is an interesting movie ! ''
This is historical filmmaking without the balm of right-thinking ideology , either liberal or conservative .
This is going to be something really good
have an actor who is great fun to watch performing in a film that is only mildly diverting .
have at it
have an opportunity to triumphantly sermonize
have become a camp adventure , one of those movies that 's so bad it starts to become good .
one level
one hears Harry Shearer is going to make his debut as a film director
spirit
submarine movie
to laugh because he acts so goofy all the time
the balm of right-thinking ideology , either liberal or conservative . Mr . Scorsese 's bravery and integrity in advancing this vision can hardly be underestimated
such a good design
It 's also clear from the start that The Transporter is running purely on adrenaline ,
It 's a very sincere work , but it would be better as a diary or documentary .
It 's all very cute , though not terribly funny if you 're more than six years old .
It 's about following your dreams , no matter what your parents think . Socrates motions for hemlock .
is weirdly sympathetic to both
is weirdly sympathetic to both and manages to be tender and darkly comic
is very much a step in the right direction , with its blend of frankness , civility and compassion
is very much a step in the right direction , with its blend of frankness , civility and compassion .
is up there with the finest of specials
is up there with the finest of specials .
is warm with the cozy feeling of relaxing around old friends .
is weird , wacky and wonderful
is very much in the mold of feel-good movies
is warm with the cozy feeling of relaxing around old friends
affecting ,
all , especially
video , and
remain curious about each other against all odds
his beautiful
his beautiful ,
to bring any edge or personality to The Rising Place that would set it apart from other Deep South stories
hilarious
highly recommended viewing
highly recommended viewing for its courage , ideas , technical proficiency and great acting
highly recommended viewing for its courage , ideas , technical proficiency and great acting .
a hardy group of determined New Zealanders has proved its creative mettle .
a happy ending is no cinematic sin
a happy ending
a happy , heady jumble of thought and storytelling
a happy , heady jumble
a happy , heady jumble of thought and storytelling , an insane comic undertaking that ultimately coheres into a sane and breathtakingly creative film
a happy , heady jumble of thought and storytelling ,
candid and often fascinating documentary
candidly revealing
candid and often fascinating
by the off-the-wall dialogue , visual playfulness and the outlandishness of the idea itself
by the sheer beauty of his images
in rapt attention
in reality it 's one tough rock .
makes you care about music you may not have heard before
makes us believe she is Kahlo
makes us see familiar issues , like racism and homophobia , in a fresh way
makes us see familiar issues , like racism and homophobia , in a fresh way .
makes up for it with a pleasing verisimilitude .
makes up for with a great , fiery passion
makes up for with a great , fiery passion .
easy smiles
easy-going likableness
easy-going
the wonderful cinematography and
have changed 20th-Century history
of its sense of fun or energy
the gentle melding of drama and comedy makes '' What Time Is It There ? ''
reverent
, the movie works .
, the picture hosts a parka-wrapped dose of heart .
, the way we like our 20-year-old superstar girls to travel on the fame freeway
, these bromides would be barely enough to sustain an interstitial program on the Discovery Channel . But in Imax 3-D , the clichés disappear into the vertiginous perspectives opened up by the photography .
, they demonstrate that there 's still a lot of life in Hong Kong cinema .
, this flick is fun ,
, this flick is fun , and host to some truly excellent sequences
, this is a refreshingly novel ride
A riveting story
pretty much delivers on that promise .
revel in its splendor
Though Moonlight Mile is replete with acclaimed actors and actresses and tackles a subject that 's potentially moving
Though Howard demonstrates a great eye as a director
Though Ganesh is successful in a midlevel sort of way
Though Perry and Hurley make inspiring efforts to breathe life into the disjointed , haphazard script by Jay Scherick and David Ronn
seriously intended
seriously intended movie
and , potentially , of life
assembled talent
is that despite its overt self-awareness , parts of the movie still manage to break past the artifice and thoroughly engage you .
disparate funny moments
display greatness
reward
The culmination of everyone 's efforts is given life when A Selection appears in its final form ( in '' Last Dance '' ) .
want the story to go on and on
want to be jolted out of their gourd
replete with rewards to be had by all willing to make the effort to reap them
replete with a flattering sense of mystery and quietness
is never heavy-handed .
is nevertheless compelling
is no doubt that Krawczyk deserves a huge amount of the credit for the film 's thoroughly winning tone
is no doubt that Krawczyk deserves a huge amount of the credit for the film 's thoroughly winning tone .
is not easily forgotten
genteel and
genteel and unsurprising the execution
story to suit the sensibilities of a young American , a decision that plucks `` The Four Feathers ''
nothing less from this bunch
a peculiar premise with promise
a perfectly entertaining summer diversion
a perpetual sense of urgency , which , for a film that takes nearly three hours to unspool , is both funny and irritating
you feeling like you 've seen a movie instead of an endless trailer
feel vastly more affronted than secularists , who might even praise God for delivering such an instant camp classic
feeling and believability
damn good .
dares us to say why either is impossible -- which forces us to confront what 's possible and what we might do to make it so
A mischievous visual style and oodles of charm
, natural acting and a look at '' the real Americans '' make this a charmer .
, most humane and important Holocaust movies ever made .
dares us to say why either is impossible -- which forces us to confront what 's possible and what we might do to make it so .
, multi-layered and profoundly humanist ( not to mention gently political ) meditation
the wit , humor and snappy dialogue
the wonderful acting clinic put on by Spader and Gyllenhaal
real vitality
real turns
real writer plot
to be the movie 's most admirable quality
to be significantly different ( and better ) than most films with this theme
Not about scares but a mood in which an ominous , pervasive , and unknown threat lurks just below the proceedings and adds an almost constant mindset of suspense .
Not all of the stories work and the ones that do are thin and scattered , but the film works well enough to make it worth watching
Not as good as The Full Monty , but a really strong second effort .
A mischievous visual style
looks pretty
loquacious
celebration
the script and characters hold sway
your idea of a good time
celebrates the human spirit and packs an emotional wallop .
True to its animatronic roots
much more thoughtfulness and insight than a melodramatic and wholly predictable thriller
much of the cast has charm -- especially Allodi and Nolden --
exude an air of dignity that 's perfect for the proud warrior that still lingers in the souls of these characters
exude an air of dignity that 's perfect for the proud warrior that still lingers in the souls of these characters .
exuberance and passion
exuberance in All
fabuleux
the story and theme
put together a wry white man and a chatty black man and
the story 's more cerebral , and likable , plot elements
remarkable because it
's just as wonderful on the big screen
) why we go to the cinema : to be fed through the eye , the heart , the mind
for the still-inestimable contribution they have made to our shared history
to go around , with music and laughter
to give them a good time
to give them credit for : The message of the movie
to give the film a soul and an unabashed sense of good old-fashioned escapism
Price horror classics
deserves , at the very least ,
Pretty Good Thing
But arriving at a particularly dark moment in history , it offers flickering reminders of the ties that bind us .
But Kouyate elicits strong performances from his cast , and he delivers a powerful commentary on how governments lie , no matter who runs them .
But Toback 's deranged immediacy makes it seem fresh again .
But Mr. Polanski creates images even more haunting than those in Mr. Spielberg 's 1993 classic .
this illuminating comedy
other than to sit back and enjoy a couple of great actors hamming it up
the auditorium feeling dizzy ,
its funny moments
the auditorium feeling dizzy
a spectacular piece of theater
a spell-casting beauty
a solid mixture
a solid mixture of sweetness
a soft spot for precollegiate humor
a spectacular piece
a sort of filmic epiphany that revels in the true potential of the medium .
is smart and dark - hallelujah for small favors .
told fairly well and scored to perfection , I found myself struggling to put my finger on that elusive `` missing thing . ''
this is Lohman 's film . Her performance moves between heartbreak and rebellion as she continually tries to accommodate to fit in and gain the unconditional love she seeks .
Those moviegoers who would automatically bypass a hip-hop documentary should give `` Scratch '' a second look .
Those eternally devoted to the insanity of Black will have an intermittently good time .
Thoroughly enjoyable .
Thoroughly enjoyable
to provoke them
Rouge is less about a superficial midlife crisis than it is about the need to stay in touch with your own skin , at 18 or 80 .
Ron Howard 's Apollo 13 in the IMAX format
Rubbo runs through a remarkable amount of material in the film 's short 90 minutes .
Rubbo 's humorously tendentious intervention into the who-wrote-Shakespeare controversy .
, dazzling
, daydreams , memories and one fantastic visual trope
for thrills
for thrills , suspense ,
Paxton , making his directorial feature debut , does strong , measured work .
regret , love , duty and friendship
regardless of race
communicates something
communicates a great deal in his performance .
communicates a great deal in his performance
communal spirit
something of the ultimate Scorsese film
feels universal
have a good shot at a Hollywood career ,
have a good shot at a Hollywood career
have I seen a film so willing to champion the fallibility of the human heart .
have I seen a film so willing to champion the fallibility of the human heart
have a good shot
have a fun , no-frills ride
have a freshness and modesty that transcends their predicament .
have a freshness and modesty that transcends their predicament
artistic transcendence
artistically
artistic significance
as ' a perfect family film
with some fine acting
the Super Bowl
the Spanish-American War
the Star Trek tradition has been honored as best it can
's creepy and effective
has a bigger-name cast
has a brilliant director and charismatic star
has managed to create an underplayed melodrama about family dynamics and dysfunction that harks back to the spare , unchecked heartache of Yasujiro Ozu .
has moments of inspired humour
has a cinematic fluidity and sense of intelligence that makes it work more than it probably should
has a cinematic fluidity and sense of intelligence that makes it work more than it probably should .
off spookily enough
their record label
This slight premise ... works because of the ideal casting of the masterful British actor Ian Holm as the aged Napoleon .
This slight premise ... works because of the ideal casting of the masterful British actor Ian Holm as the aged Napoleon
This story of a determined woman 's courage to find her husband in a war zone offers winning performances and some effecting moments .
This story of a determined woman 's courage to find her husband in a war zone
Wonderland adventure , a stalker thriller , and
Wonderland adventure , a stalker thriller , and a condensed season of TV 's Big Brother
Wonderland adventure , a stalker thriller ,
shooting star
hip-hop indie Snipes
mesmerizing music
mesmerizing one
mesmerize , astonish and entertain
mesmerizing cinematic poem
merges his collaborators ' symbolic images with his words , insinuating , for example , that in Hollywood , only God speaks to the press
merits
hip hop beat
hip , contemporary , in-jokey one
walks with a slow , deliberate gait , chooses his words carefully and subdues his natural exuberance .
of how horrible we are to ourselves and each other
of humor , verve and fun
spectacle and pacing
labute masterfully balances both traditional or modern stories together in a manner that one never overwhelms the other . something for everyone
in the ease with which it integrates thoughtfulness and pasta-fagioli comedy
to provide the pleasures of a slightly naughty , just-above-average off - broadway play
tender hug
as entertaining as the final hour
as entertainment
manages to delight without much of a story .
by people who have never sung those blues
the manner of a Golden Book sprung to life
fantastic performance
fantastic moments and scenes
fans of the show should not consider this a diss . Consider it ` perfection
fans of the show
fantasy of a director 's travel
A classy item
: to be fed through the eye , the heart , the mind
; their shortage dilutes the potency of otherwise respectable action . Still , this flick is fun , and host to some truly excellent sequences .
; it 's so clever you want to hate it . But he somehow pulls it off .
A classy item by a legend who may have nothing left to prove but still has the chops and drive to show how its done .
A classy item by a legend who may have nothing left to prove
while certainly more naturalistic than its australian counterpart ,
any creature-feature fan
For all the wit and hoopla
For all its problems ... The Lady and the Duke surprisingly manages never to grow boring ... which proves that Rohmer still has a sense of his audience .
anteing up some movie star charisma
anticipated
and at times endearing
and at times endearing , humorous , spooky , educational , but at other times as bland as a block of snow .
will be pleased to discover that Tian 's meticulous talent has not withered during his enforced hiatus .
unabashedly schmaltzy and thoroughly enjoyable true story
heartening
heartening tale
with the intelligent French drama
with the humor and intelligence of the script
heartbreak to watching it now , with older and wiser eyes , because we know what will happen after Greene 's story ends
heartbreaking , and filmed in a natural , unforced style that makes its characters
heartbreaking , and filmed in a natural , unforced style that makes its characters seem entirely convincing even when its script is not .
derivative elements into something that is often quite rich and exciting , and
derivative elements into something that is often quite rich and exciting , and always
derivative elements into something that is often quite rich and exciting , and always a beauty to behold
derivative elements into something that is often quite rich and exciting
derivative elements into something that is often quite rich and exciting ,
really a true `` us '' versus `` them ''
will be realized on the screen .
a somewhat backhanded compliment to say that the film makes the viewer feel like the movie 's various victimized audience members after a while , but it also happens to be the movie 's most admirable quality
a soulful , incisive meditation
Balzac and the Little Chinese Seamstress that transforms this story about love and culture into a cinematic poem
a strong script ,
Quitting delivers a sucker-punch , and its impact is all the greater beause director Zhang 's last film , the cuddly Shower , was a non-threatening multi-character piece centered around a public bath house
David Caesar has stepped into the mainstream of filmmaking with an assurance worthy of international acclaim and with every cinematic tool well under his control -- driven by a natural sense for what works on screen .
Davies as a young woman of great charm , generosity and diplomacy
fitfully clever
is the sheer , selfish , wound-licking , bar-scrapping doggedness of Leon 's struggle to face and transmute his demons that makes the movie a spirited and touching occasion , despite its patchy construction
is the sheer , selfish , wound-licking , bar-scrapping doggedness of Leon 's struggle to face and transmute his demons that makes the movie a spirited and touching occasion , despite its patchy construction .
is the heart and soul of cinema
is the film Roman Polanski may have been born to make .
is the same movie you probably loved in 1994 , except that it looks even better
is the heart and soul of cinema .
A mildly enjoyable if toothless adaptation of a much better book
A mesmerizing cinematic poem from the first frame to the last .
A mesmerizing cinematic poem
A mesmerizing cinematic poem from the first frame to the last
A meditation on faith and madness
A meditation on faith and madness , Frailty is blood-curdling stuff .
A candid and often fascinating documentary about a Pentecostal church in Dallas
the fights become not so much a struggle of man vs . man as Brother-Man vs . The Man .
A captivating cross-cultural comedy of manners
is replete with acclaimed actors and actresses and tackles a subject that 's potentially moving
the best play of the 19th century
the better film 's ability to make its subject interesting to those who are n't part of its supposed target audience
the best little `` horror '' movie I 've seen in years
the best espionage picture to come out in weeks
surprising highs ,
is replete with acclaimed actors and actresses and
is replete with acclaimed actors and actresses
surprising highs , sorrowful lows and
surprising highs , sorrowful lows and hidden impulsive niches ... gorgeous , passionate , and at times uncommonly moving
surprising in how much they engage and even touch us
explored very deeply
Muniz
revealed before about the source of his spiritual survival
reveal his impressively delicate range
returns the martial arts master to top form
returns as a visionary with a tale full of nuance and character dimension .
returns to narrative filmmaking with a visually masterful work of quiet power .
returns to narrative filmmaking with a visually masterful work of quiet power
cruel but weirdly likable
cruel but weirdly likable WASP matron
It 's a setup so easy it borders on facile , but keeping the film from cheap-shot mediocrity is its crack cast .
It 's a ripper of a yarn and I for one enjoyed the thrill of the chill . Naomi Watts is terrific as Rachel ; her petite frame and vulnerable persona emphasising her plight and isolation .
It 's a powerful though flawed movie , guaranteed to put a lump in your throat while reaffirming Washington as possibly the best actor working in movies today .
It 's a ripper of a yarn and I for one enjoyed the thrill of the chill .
It 's a smart , funny look at an arcane area of popular culture
-- but certainly hard to hate .
Final verdict
Adults , other than the parents ...
Affable if not timeless
Affable if not timeless , Like Mike raises some worthwhile themes while delivering a wholesome fantasy for kids .
Affable
like a promising work-in-progress
like a room stacked with pungent flowers
wow , so who knew charles dickens could be so light-hearted ?
succeeded by focusing intently on his characters , making them quirky individuals rather than figures of fun
successes
subtle , supportive but unsentimental look
such a dazzlingly self-assured directorial debut
such a dazzlingly self-assured directorial debut that it 's hard to know what to praise first
successful and accessible
successfully plays the foil to Willis 's world-weary colonel
such insight and celebratory verve
For more than two decades Mr. Nachtwey has traveled to places in the world devastated by war , famine and poverty and documented the cruelty and suffering he has found with an devastating , eloquent clarity .
the sight of this grandiloquent quartet lolling in pretty Irish settings
Davis ' candid , archly funny and deeply authentic take on intimate relationships comes to fruition in her sophomore effort .
Davis ' candid , archly funny and deeply authentic take on intimate relationships
Davis ' candid , archly funny and deeply authentic take
Davis ' highly personal brand of romantic comedy is a tart , smart breath of fresh air
Davis ' highly personal brand of romantic comedy
's often faintly amusing
The animation is competent , and some of the gags are quite funny , but Jonah ... never shakes the oppressive , morally superior good-for-you quality that almost automatically accompanies didactic entertainment
The animation and backdrops are lush and inventive ,
The animation and backdrops are lush and inventive
The animation and backdrops are lush and inventive , yet Return to Neverland never manages to take us to that elusive , lovely place where we suspend our disbelief
The animation and backdrops are lush and inventive , yet
The animation is competent
The animation is competent , and
The animation is competent ,
based on three short films and two features , here 's betting her third feature will be something to behold
calm and thoughtful
calm , self-assured portrait
of what is really an amusing concept -- a high-tech tux that transforms its wearer into a superman
of what it actually means to face your fears
, it offers much to absorb and even more to think about after the final frame .
, it really won my heart
, it remains brightly optimistic , coming through in the end
, it rises in its courageousness , and comedic employment .
, it still works
kickass , dense sci-fi action thriller hybrid
kickass
keep your eyes open
It 's better than The Phantom Menace .
a goofy pleasure
the casting of raymond j . barry as the ` assassin ' greatly enhances the quality of neil burger 's impressive fake documentary .
the casting of raymond j . barry as the ` assassin ' greatly enhances the quality of neil burger 's impressive fake documentary
is uniformly excellent and relaxed
's a glorious spectacle like those D . W . Griffith made in the early days of silent film
a good match of the sensibilities of two directors
Serious
's a glorious spectacle
give a spark
give `` Scratch '' a second look
for the day
for the connoisseurs
for the future when a good portion of the respected critical community in this country consider Blue Crush to be an intelligent film about young women
, LaBute continues to improve .
unforced
The Chateau , a sense of light-heartedness , that makes it attractive throughout
trying to get out
The Bourne Identity should n't be half as entertaining as it is ,
The Bourne Identity should n't be half as entertaining as it is , but
The Bourne Identity should n't be half as entertaining as it is , but director Doug Liman and his colleagues have managed to pack it with enough action to satisfy the boom-bam crowd without a huge sacrifice of character and mood
The Bourne Identity should n't be half as entertaining as it is , but director Doug Liman and his colleagues have managed to pack it with enough action to satisfy the boom-bam crowd without a huge sacrifice of character and mood .
The Cat 's Meow
The Cat 's Meow marks a return to form for director Peter Bogdanovich ...
plenty of fun for all
pleasingly emphatic in this properly intense , claustrophobic tale of obsessive love
pleasingly upbeat
pleasurable movies
pleasure to watch
have to see this
plenty of entertainment value
plenty of female audience members drooling over Michael Idemoto as Michael
spy film The Sum of All Fears
well-directed , well-acted , bald
that you 'd be happy to listen to them reading the phone book
they 'll register strongly with anybody who still retains a soft spot for precollegiate humor .
they 'll register strongly with anybody who still retains a soft spot for precollegiate humor
spotlights the underlying caste system in America
but finds surprising depth in its look at the binds of a small family
to show the gentle and humane side of Middle Eastern world politics
acted , emotionally devastating piece
acted , magnificently shot and gripping enough to sustain most of its 170-minute length
acted , magnificently shot and gripping enough to sustain most of its 170-minute length .
is solid , satisfying fare for adults .
fit in any modern action movie
fit the incredible storyline
is so warm and fuzzy you might be able to forgive its mean-spirited second half
is so warm and fuzzy
is solid , satisfying fare for adults
fit the incredible storyline to a T .
is an interesting character , but '' Serving Sara ''
but because they genuinely believe it 's the only way to bring happiness to their loved ones
experience that finds warmth in the coldest environment and makes each crumb of emotional comfort
expect light romantic comedy , good gosh ,
the heart of the film
the head of the class of women 's films
however engaging
huckster lapel
huge laughs
reno 's immense wit and
reno 's immense wit
rendered with such clarity that it 's as if it all happened only yesterday
rendered with such clarity
good things to offer
good surprise ending
its compassionate spirit soars every bit as high
its compassionate spirit
its comic course
good video game movie
good vampire tale
real movie producers
real money
real reason to see it
real plot
real talent and wit to elevate it beyond its formula to the level of classic romantic comedy to which it aspires
Reminiscent of Alfred Hitchcock 's thrillers , most of the scary parts in ` Signs ' occur while waiting for things to happen .
find much fascination
on the whole , you 're gonna like this movie
on this frozen tundra soap opera that breathes extraordinary life into the private existence of the Inuit people
on those terms it 's inoffensive and actually rather sweet
one of the best gay love stories ever made
slightly naughty , just-above-average off
slightly naughty , just-above-average off - Broadway play
slightly sunbaked and summery mind , Sex and
slightly sunbaked and summery mind , Sex and Lucia
to be released in IMAX format
poignant ,
plenty of laughs and
introduces a promising , unusual kind of psychological horror .
introduces some intriguing ambiguity
invigorating
invigorating fun lacking any MTV puffery
into the neurotic mindset of all comics -- even those who have reached the absolute top of the game
into the vertiginous perspectives opened up by the photography
intriguing ambiguity
take the grandkids or the grandparents
take me back to a time
the frequent allusions
Exhilarating
Exhilarating but blatantly biased .
Excellent performances from Jacqueline Bisset and Martha Plimpton grace this deeply touching melodrama .
Excellent performances
Excellent performances from Jacqueline Bisset and Martha Plimpton
Exactly what its title implies : lusty , boisterous and utterly charming .
Excellent
Even with all its botches , Enigma offers all the pleasure of a handsome and well-made entertainment .
Even when he 's not at his most critically insightful , Godard can still be smarter than any 50 other filmmakers still at work .
Even when he 's not at his most critically insightful
to an impressive and highly entertaining celebration of its sounds
the free-wheeling noir spirit
swooping down on a string of exotic locales , scooping the whole world up in a joyous communal festival of rhythm
swooping down on a string of exotic locales
swung me around
in this interesting study of the cultural mores of Georgian Jews in Tel Aviv
seasonal holiday kids
in marriage
in memory
a seamless ensemble
a comedy with more laughs than many , no question .
a comedy with more laughs
a comedy full of gentle humor that chides the absurdity of its protagonist 's plight
a clever , charming tale
a clearer view of how the gears of justice grind on and the death report comes to share airtime alongside the farm report
a coming-of-age story with a twist
Thanks to Haynes ' absolute control of the film 's mood , and buoyed by three terrific performances
with ideas that are too complex to be rapidly absorbed
Spielberg has managed to marry science fiction with film noir and action flicks with philosophical inquiry .
Spielberg 's first real masterpiece , it deserved all the hearts it won -- and wins still , 20 years later .
Spielberg 's first real masterpiece
, there 's no better film than Half Past Dead .
If The Man from Elysian Fields is doomed by its smallness , it is also elevated by it -- the kind of movie that you enjoy more because you 're one of the lucky few who sought it out .
If The Man from Elysian Fields is doomed by its smallness
the friendship
If I have to choose between gorgeous animation and a lame story ( like , say , Treasure Planet ) or so-so animation and an exciting , clever story with a batch of appealing characters
viewers to gawk at or applaud his special effects
The Sound of Music play like a nail-biting thriller
The Rookie is a nearly impeccable cinematic experience -- and a wonderful all-ages triumph besides --
The WWII drama
The WWII drama is well plotted , visually striking and filled with enjoyably complex characters who are never what they first appear .
my interest from start to finish
my favorite in the series , still
my favorite in the series
my favorite
a subtle and richly internalized performance
a submarine movie with the unsettling spookiness of the supernatural
my spirit soaring out of the theater
visit with some of the people who were able to make an impact in the theater world
Jones has delivered a solidly entertaining and moving family drama .
Jones has tackled a meaty subject and drawn engaging characters while peppering the pages with memorable zingers .
There 's a neat twist , subtly rendered , that could have wrapped things up at 80 minutes , but
sustains throughout is daring , inventive and impressive .
sustains throughout is daring , inventive and impressive
taken his trademark style and refined it to a crystalline point
could be looking at his 12th Oscar nomination by proving that he 's now , more than ever , choosing his roles with the precision of the insurance actuary
could be looking at his 12th Oscar nomination by proving that he 's now , more than ever , choosing his roles with the precision of the insurance actuary .
could be so light-hearted ?
could become a historically significant work as well as a masterfully made one
could bond while watching A Walk To Remember .
could ever have hoped to be
by ( Witherspoon 's ) charisma , even
adrenalin
of sweetness
of spiritual guidance
of striking skill and depth
of spirit and sense of ease that comes only with experience .
adorable
adorns his family-film plot with an elegance and maturity
adorns his family-film plot with an elegance and maturity that even most contemporary adult movies are lacking .
of the American dream
-- more accurately , it 's moving
of Steven Soderbergh 's Full Frontal , though that did n't stop me from enjoying much of it
to provide insight into a fascinating part of theater history
to put a human face on the travail of thousands of Vietnamese
Griffin 's smartly nuanced performance and enthusiasm
any '' Jackass '' fan could want
like the new footage and
but the payoff is powerful and revelatory
the far superior Nurse Betty
It 's a treat -- a delightful , witty , improbable romantic comedy with a zippy jazzy score ...
by al pacino
's not too bad
Finally , a genre movie that delivers -- in a couple of genres , no less .
First
For anyone who remembers the '60s or is interested in one man 's response to stroke , Ram Dass : Fierce Grace is worth seeking out .
Foster nails the role , giving a tight , focused performance illuminated by shards of feeling .
should give `` Scratch '' a second look
plying into your subconscious like the nightmare you had a week ago that wo n't go away
who liked There 's Something About Mary and both American Pie movies
who might enjoy this
delighted with the fast , funny , and even touching story
delight .
delicate , clever direction
delightfully rendered
delightful , witty , improbable romantic comedy
delivering a more than satisfactory amount of carnage
It 's a ripper of a yarn and I for one enjoyed the thrill of the chill
a screenplay more ingeniously constructed than `` Memento ''
's so good that you can practically see the Hollywood ` suits ' trying to put together the cast and filmmaking team for the all-too - inevitable American remake
delivers not just the full assault of reno 's immense wit and insight , but a time travel
delivers a loosely autobiographical story brushed with sentimentality but brimming with gentle humor , bittersweet pathos , and lyric moments that linger like snapshots of memory
delivers some chills and sustained unease ,
delivers not just the full assault of reno 's immense wit and insight , but a time travel back to what it felt like during those unforgettably uncertain days
often hilarious romantic jealousy comedy
often hilarious minutes
often funny way
often incisive satire and unabashed sweetness
often imaginative
My goodness , Queen Latifah has a lot to offer and she seemed to have no problem flaunting her natural gifts
Munch 's screenplay is tenderly observant of his characters .
Must-see viewing for anyone
Must-see viewing for anyone involved in the high-tech industry .
My Big Fat Greek Wedding is a non-stop funny feast of warmth , colour and cringe .
that is an undeniably worthy and devastating experience
yet , it must be admitted , not entirely humorless
the pitch-perfect Forster
yes , ` It 's like having an old friend for dinner ' .
yet , it must be admitted ,
the difference between cho and most comics is that her confidence in her material is merited .
yet compelling
heart-pounding
heart-pounding suspense
heartfelt comedy
heartrending look at the divide between religious fundamentalists and their gay relatives
the piece works
something about watching a squad of psychopathic underdogs whale the tar out of unsuspecting lawmen that reaches across time and distance
mostly intelligent , engrossing and psychologically resonant
mostly intelligent , engrossing and psychologically resonant suspenser
most powerful of all
mostly intelligent
sporadic bursts of liveliness , some so-so slapstick and a few ear-pleasing songs on its soundtrack
of Bubba Ho-Tep 's clearly evident quality
It has fun with the quirks of family life , but it also treats the subject with fondness and respect
It has fun with the quirks of family life , but
The film has the uncanny ability to right itself precisely when you think it 's in danger of going wrong .
The film has an infectious enthusiasm and we 're touched by the film 's conviction that all life centered on that place , that time and that sport
The film has an infectious enthusiasm and
The film has the courage of its convictions and excellent performances on its side .
The film has an infectious enthusiasm and we 're touched by the film 's conviction that all life centered on that place , that time and that sport .
The film gets close to the chimps the same way Goodall did , with a serious minded patience , respect and affection .
The film has an infectious enthusiasm
you to bite your tongue to keep from laughing at the ridiculous dialog or the oh-so convenient plot twists
to finish a race
your seat , tense with suspense
The Lion King
The Lion King was a roaring success when it was released eight years ago
The Lion King was a roaring success when it was released eight years ago ,
The Lion King was a roaring success when it was released eight years ago , but
The Lion King was a roaring success when it was released eight years ago , but on Imax it seems better , not just bigger
The Lion King was a roaring success when it was released eight years ago , but on Imax it seems better , not just bigger .
The Mothman Prophecies is best when illustrating the demons bedevilling the modern masculine journey .
the film never veers from its comic course
that a good video game movie is going to show up soon
that `` Pretty Woman '' wanted to be
that `` Gangs '' is never lethargic
that `` The Mask '' was for Jim Carrey
this movie 's sharp dialogue and delightful performance
this movie 's sharp dialogue and delightful performance by Jolie and Burns
can be sleekly shot , expertly cast , paced with crisp professionalism
can charm the paint off the wall ...
transcends them
it 's a marketable product
it 's John Turturro , who 's simply fab as a Spanish butler with a foot fetish .
transcends
acclaimed 1952 screen adaptation
accepting this in the right frame of mind can only provide it with so much leniency .
appear avant-garde
appeals to me
appeal to women
appeared in 1938
transcend
Yes , it 's as good as you remember .
Undisputed scores a direct hit .
to add the magic that made it all work
You get the impression that writer and director Burr Steers knows the territory ...
there 's an enthusiastic charm in Fire that makes the formula fresh again
is a thought-provoking , haunting film that allows the seeds of the imagination to germinate
then this first film to use a watercolor background since `` Dumbo '' certainly ranks as the most original in years .
tight , focused
tight
throughout is daring , inventive and impressive
are so few films about the plight of American Indians in modern America that Skins comes as a welcome , if downbeat , missive from a forgotten front
are so stunning
are so few films about the plight of American Indians in modern America that Skins comes as a welcome , if downbeat , missive from a forgotten front .
are stanzas of breathtaking , awe-inspiring visual poetry .
are stanzas of breathtaking , awe-inspiring visual poetry
Anybody who enjoys quirky , fun , popcorn movies with a touch of silliness and a little bloodshed .
Anybody who enjoys quirky , fun , popcorn movies with a touch of silliness and a little bloodshed
Argentinean ` dramedy '
Deutchland a popular destination for hungry tourists
Deutchland
Despite what anyone believes about the goal of its makers , the show ... represents a spectacular piece of theater , and there 's no denying the talent of the creative forces behind it .
purest and , yes ,
pushes the boundaries of biography ,
might survive a screening with little harm done , except maybe for the last 15 minutes , which are as maudlin as any after-school special you can imagine
compassionate spirit
compelled to watch the film twice or pick up a book on the subject
compelling , gut-clutching piece
compelling French psychological drama
compelling enough
compelling mix
Everyone 's insecure in Lovely and Amazing , a poignant and wryly amusing film about mothers , daughters and their relationships .
Everyone should be able to appreciate the wonderful cinematography and naturalistic acting .
Black Hawk Down with more heart .
Starts as a tart little lemon drop of a movie and
Starts off witty and sophisticated
Starts off witty and sophisticated and
Starts off witty and sophisticated and you
an amusing little catch
an amusement
an appealing veneer
the perfect star vehicle
discovered , indulged in
of good stuff
's no denying the physically spectacular qualities of the film ... or the emotional integrity of the performances
wall-to-wall good time
aware of his own coolness
awe-inspiring visual poetry
awards animals the respect they
Lee Jeong-Hyang tells it so lovingly and films it so beautifully that I could n't help being captivated by it .
a skillful filmmaker
a skillfully assembled , highly polished and professional adaptation ...
a skillfully assembled , highly polished and professional adaptation
a skillful fisher
a skillful filmmaker can impart a message without bludgeoning the audience over the head
`` Birthday Girl '' is an actor 's movie first and foremost .
a skyscraper
a skillfully assembled , highly polished and professional adaptation ... just about as chilling and unsettling as ` Manhunter '
Lathan and Diggs carry the film with their charisma , and
Lathan and Diggs carry the film with their charisma
Late Marriage is an in-your-face family drama and black comedy that is filled with raw emotions conveying despair and love .
Lane and
1987
1991
stay amused at the kaleidoscope of big , colorful characters
What ` Blade Runner ' would
whose boozy , languid air is balanced by a rich visual clarity and deeply
more than a chuckle ,
crisper and punchier
crisp storytelling
crisp clarity
crisper and
religion that dares to question an ancient faith , and
religion that dares to question an ancient faith
religion that dares to question an ancient faith ,
of creative insanity
of contemporary Chinese life this exciting new filmmaker has brought to the screen
whose compelling characters and intelligent script are exactly what was missing from Rabbit-Proof Fence
I ca n't remember the last time I saw an audience laugh so much during a movie , but
I ca n't remember the last time I saw an audience laugh so much during a movie , but there 's only one problem
I ca n't remember the last time I saw an audience laugh so much during a movie
I ca n't remember the last time I saw an audience laugh so much during a movie ,
whose compelling characters and intelligent script
the collaborative process
so often end up on cinema screens
the most breathtakingly designed films
the most breathtakingly designed films I 've ever seen
the most compelling variations
the most cynical curmudgeon
unbelievably fun film
the vampires
A polished and vastly entertaining caper film that puts the sting back into the con .
the cynicism right out of you
the novel charm that made Spy Kids a surprising winner with both adults and younger audiences
A poignant and gently humorous parable that loves its characters and communicates something rather beautiful about human nature .
A poignant comedy
is a very funny , heartwarming film
is a very funny , heartwarming film .
is a tribute to Shyamalan 's gifts , which are such that we 'll keep watching the skies for his next project
is a tribute to Shyamalan 's gifts , which are such that we 'll keep watching the skies for his next project .
is a towering siren .
to detailing a chapter in the life of the celebrated irish playwright , poet and drinker
delicacy and
delight newcomers
deliver up
delivered to the big screen safe and sound ,
delivers not just
derives its power
does its best
A harmless and mildly amusing family comedy .
be fun , and bouncy ,
be fun , and bouncy , with energetic musicals
for this sensuous and spirited tale of a prim widow who finds an unlikely release in belly-dancing clubs
The best part about `` Gangs '' was Daniel Day-Lewis .
The best didacticism is one carried by a strong sense of humanism , and Bertrand Tavernier 's oft-brilliant Safe Conduct ( `` Laissez-passer '' ) wears its heart on its sleeve .
The best drug addition movies
The best Disney movie
The best didacticism is one carried by a strong sense of humanism , and Bertrand Tavernier 's oft-brilliant Safe Conduct ( `` Laissez-passer '' ) wears its heart on its sleeve
The best movie of its kind since ` Brazil . '
The best movie of its kind since ` Brazil
The best movie of its kind since ` Brazil .
you 're not sure if you should applaud or look into having him committed
you absolutely ca n't miss it .
you be shocked
The movie is a blast of educational energy , as bouncy animation and catchy songs escort you through the entire 85 minutes .
The movie 's ripe , enrapturing beauty will tempt those willing to probe its inscrutable mysteries .
The invincible Werner Herzog is alive and well and living in LA
The seaside splendor and shallow , beautiful people
The seaside splendor
wide-smiling
wide-smiling reception
wild ride ''
of those rare films that come by once in a while with flawless amounts of acting , direction , story and pace
of those terrific documentaries that collect a bunch of people who are enthusiastic about something and then
of those underrated professionals who deserve but rarely receive it
s two personas interesting or worth caring about
gets the upper hand in matters of the heart
Roger Michell , who did an appealing job directing Persuasion and Notting Hill in England , gets too artsy in his American debut .
Roger Michell , who did an appealing job directing Persuasion and Notting Hill in England
Roger Michell , who did an appealing job directing Persuasion and Notting Hill in England ,
in all , an interesting look at the life of the campaign-trail press , especially ones that do n't really care for the candidate
in addition to being very funny
and exactly as thought-provoking
and enjoy
and entertaining
of reno 's immense wit and insight
Sarandon , who could n't be better as a cruel but weirdly likable WASP matron
That Zhang would make such a strainingly cute film -- with a blind orphan at its center , no less -- indicates where his ambitions have wandered .
That Good Theatre
Thank you
Thank God It 's Friday ''
punctuated by sudden shocks
occasionally fun
obviously has its merits
baked
balanced film
this goofily endearing and well-lensed
this goofily endearing and well-lensed gorefest
this beautifully drawn movie
and allying you with its characters ' choices , good and ill , that its shortcomings are remembered only as an afterthought
and always fun
and affection
and ambitious
and among the most enjoyable
and always interesting
and ambiguity
Sandra Bullock and Hugh Grant make a great team
true light
ca n't wait to see end .
enhancing the cultural and economic subtext , bringing richer meaning to the story 's morals
enhancing
enhances the personal touch of manual animation .
enhances the personal touch of manual animation
enhanced by a surplus of vintage archive footage
hilarious throughout
hilarious romantic comedy .
with a philosophical visual coming right
yeah , baby
real flair
come even easier .
, if least widely recognized ,
to pass up , and for the blacklight crowd , way cheaper ( and better ) than Pink Floyd tickets
as powerful rather than cloying
to our basest desires
makes for a haunting literary detective story
that final , beautiful scene
to emerge from the traffic jam of holiday movies
as one of the most interesting writer\/directors working today
that film buffs will eat up like so much gelati
makes its own , quieter observations
convinced
convinced that these women are spectacular
convincing case
which is powerful in itself
beloved genre
below expectations
beneath otherwise tender movements
beneath the familiar , funny surface
a cast that seems to include every top-notch British actor who did not appear in Gosford Park ( as well as one , Ms. Mirren , who did )
a children 's film in the truest sense
you 've a taste for the quirky
is a refreshing departure from the now more prevalent technique of the docu-makers being a visible part of their work .
all this exoticism might sound to the typical Pax
should have fun meeting
which makes its message resonate .
should charm all but the most cynical
Dense with characters and contains some thrilling moments
Denzel
Dense with characters and contains some thrilling moments .
The film boasts at least a few good ideas and features some decent performances
Adrien Brody -- in the title role -- helps make the film 's conclusion powerful and satisfying
Admirable , certainly , but not much
Lilo & Stitch '' reach the emotion or timelessness of Disney 's great past , or even that of more recent successes such as '' Mulan '' or '' Tarzan . ''
A Song For Martin is made infinitely more wrenching by the performances of real-life spouses Seldahl and Wollter
unusual , food-for-thought cinema that 's as entertaining as it is instructive
unusual , food-for-thought cinema
until the film is well under way -- and yet it 's hard to stop watching
unusual but pleasantly haunting debut
be swept up in Invincible
be swept up in Invincible and overlook its drawbacks
, intimate and the dialogue is realistic and greatly moving . The scope of the Silberstein family is large and we grow attached to their lives , full of strength , warmth and vitality .
, inventive and impressive
I 'm giving it a strong thumbs up
Shekhar Kapur
She 's a pretty woman ,
She 's a pretty woman , but she 's no working girl
She 's as rude and profane as ever , always hilarious and , most of the time , absolutely right in her stinging social observations .
an ART FILM
amusing sidekicks
an American ,
which is a pretty amazing accomplishment
ca n't go wrong .
beaches
Weaves a spell over you
Weaves a spell over you ,
Weaver and LaPaglia are both excellent , in the kind of low-key way that allows us to forget that they are actually movie folk .
Weaves a spell over you , with its disturbingly close-up look at damaged psyches and its subtle undercurrents of danger
Many a parent and their teen ( or preteen ) kid could bond while watching A Walk To Remember .
to easy feel-good sentiments
Iwai 's gorgeous visuals
shrill , simple and soapy .
required viewing for civics classes and would-be public servants alike
Good Will Hunting trilogy
Good for a few unintentional
Good Theatre
Good for a few unintentional laughs
's an exhilarating place to visit , this laboratory of laughter .
's an exhilarating place to visit , this laboratory of laughter
's an excellent 90-minute film here
's an excellent 90-minute film
's an entertaining movie
's an adventure story and history lesson all in one .
's an adventure story and history lesson all in one
's an unusual , thoughtful bio-drama with a rich subject and some fantastic moments and scenes
in that are generally not heard on television
'm guessing the director is a magician .
The performances of the children , untrained in acting , have an honesty and dignity that breaks your heart .
has some freakish powers of visual charm
has some entertainment value - how much depends on how well you like Chris Rock
has solid acting and a neat premise
has since
one of two things : unadulterated thrills or genuine laughs
is a strength of a documentary to disregard available bias , especially
is a strong , character-oriented piece .
is a stunning film , a one-of-a-kind tour de force .
is a stunning film , a one-of-a-kind tour de force
um desfecho que certamente fica na memória
be the most navel-gazing film
be the most memorable cinema session
beautiful and
be seen by all , especially those who are n't aware of , or
be the most comprehensive of these films and
must be said that he is an imaginative filmmaker who can see the forest for the trees
musical number
wackiness
marks the outstanding feature debut of writer-director Eric Byler , who understands the power of the implicit and the virtues of simplicity and economy
of playing with narrative form
reasonably entertaining sequel
sincerity and devotion
Conversations About One Thing '' is an intelligent flick that examines many different ideas from happiness to guilt in an intriguing bit of storytelling
Contrived as this may sound , Mr . Rose 's updating works surprisingly well .
Contradicts everything we 've come to expect from movies nowadays . Instead of simply handling conventional material in a conventional way , Secretary takes the most unexpected material and handles it in the most unexpected way .
Contradicts everything
Consummate actor Barry has done excellent work here .
in if Argento 's Hollywood counterparts ... had this much imagination and nerve
explosive subject matter
explores the friendship between five Filipino-Americans and their frantic efforts to find love .
explores the seemingly irreconcilable situation between conservative Christian parents and their estranged gay and lesbian children .
explore the connections between place and personal identity .
explores the awful complications of one terrifying day
The off-center humor is a constant , and the ensemble gives it a buoyant delivery .
The off-center humor is a constant , and the ensemble gives it a buoyant delivery
The one-liners are snappy , the situations volatile
The one-liners are snappy
Secretary '' is owned by its costars , Spader
purpose and finesse
purr
Secretary '' is owned by its costars , Spader and Gyllenhaal . Maggie G . makes an amazing breakthrough in her first starring role and eats up the screen
exhilarating new
iconoclastic uses
humor and a heartfelt conviction to tell a story about discovering your destination in life
humor and a heartfelt conviction
humor and intelligence
Secretary '' is owned by its costars , Spader and Gyllenhaal . Maggie G . makes an amazing breakthrough in her first starring role and eats up the screen .
executed it takes your breath away
'll be white-knuckled and unable to look away
'd watch these two together again in a New York minute
'd watch these two together again in a New York minute .
'd take ( its ) earnest errors and hard-won rewards over the bombastic self-glorification of other feel-good fiascos like Antwone Fisher or The Emperor 's Club any time
'd take ( its ) earnest errors and hard-won rewards over the bombastic self-glorification of other feel-good fiascos like Antwone Fisher or The Emperor 's Club any time .
Nohe 's documentary about the event is sympathetic without being gullible : He is n't blind to the silliness , but also captures moments of spontaneous creativity and authentic co-operative interaction
did n't talk down to them
a film about one of cinema 's directorial giants
a film -- rowdy , brawny and lyrical in the best Irish sense
thrill-kill cat-and-mouser
thrilled
disarmingly
disarmingly straightforward and strikingly devious
but it was n't horrible either
beckons us all
Nohe 's documentary about the event is sympathetic without being gullible : He is n't blind to the silliness , but also captures moments of spontaneous creativity and authentic co-operative interaction .
become a cult classic
become a household name on the basis of his first starring vehicle
Rodrigues 's
become a household name
is cool .
is cool . Paul Bettany playing Malcolm McDowell ? Cool
It 's an effort to watch this movie , but
is concerned with souls and risk and schemes and the consequences of one 's actions
become a major-league leading lady
is clearly a good thing
It 's an effort to watch this movie , but it eventually pays off and is effective if you stick with it
A sentimental but entirely irresistible portrait
of fun
of eye-popping visual effects
A savage John Waters-like humor that dances on the edge
A sensitive , cultivated treatment
A sensitive , cultivated treatment of Greene 's work as well as a remarkably faithful one .
can feel the love .
distinctive or
distinctive or daring
Girl '' a film worth watching
Gift
Girl '' a film worth watching .
the the wisdom and humor
the the wisdom and humor of its subjects
the term epic cinema
the talents of his top-notch creative team
the third-best
escapism without requiring a great deal of thought
escapist film
esoteric
It 's enough to watch Huppert scheming , with her small , intelligent eyes as steady as any noir villain , and to enjoy the perfectly pitched web of tension that Chabrol spins .
It 's easy to love Robin Tunney -- she 's pretty and she can act --
It 's easy to love Robin Tunney
It 's easy to be cynical about documentaries in which underdogs beat the odds and the human spirit triumphs , but Westbrook 's foundation and Dalrymple 's film earn their uplift
are just that damn good
are masterfully controlled
are moments in this account of the life of artist Frida Kahlo that are among cinema 's finest this year .
are moments in this account of the life of artist Frida Kahlo that are among cinema 's finest this year
literacy
sane and breathtakingly
sane and breathtakingly creative film
in fighting trim shape as an athlete as well as an actor
in detail , gorgeously shot and beautifully
in depth it makes up for with its heart
Such master screenwriting comes courtesy of John Pogue , the Yale grad who previously gave us `` The Skulls '' and last year 's `` Rollerball
Such master screenwriting comes courtesy of John Pogue , the Yale grad who previously gave us `` The Skulls '' and
Such master screenwriting comes courtesy of John Pogue , the Yale grad who previously gave us `` The Skulls ''
often very funny collegiate gross-out comedy
often intense character study
often touching
offers instead an unflinching and objective look at a decidedly perverse pathology
often intense
old enough to have developed some taste
to make even Jean-Claude Van Damme look good
Benefits from a strong performance from Zhao , but it 's Dong Jie 's face you remember at the end .
Determined to be fun , and bouncy , with energetic musicals
Diane Lane shines in Unfaithful .
Despite the predictable parent vs. child coming-of-age theme , first-class , natural acting and a look at `` the real Americans '' make this a charmer .
Despite the surface attractions -- Conrad L. Hall 's cinematography will likely be nominated for an Oscar next year -- there 's something impressive and yet lacking about everything .
swashbuckling
swashbuckler
sustains Off the Hook 's buildup with remarkable assuredness for a first-timer
sustain the poetic flights in Burdette 's dialogue
suspiciously smooth
suspense story deals
is as often imaginative
Benefits
is appealing
is as a cross between Paul Thomas Anderson 's Magnolia and David Lynch 's Mulholland Dr .
is as adult as you can get
adored
of satisfying entertainment
Samira Makhmalbaf as a very distinctive sensibility , working to develop her own film language with conspicuous success
adorned with some awesome action photography and surfing
Salma goes native and she 's never been better in this colorful bio-pic of a Mexican icon .
Salma goes native and she 's never been better in this colorful bio-pic of a Mexican icon
Bon appétit !
Bond had more glamour than clamor
Both exuberantly romantic and serenely
` true story '
directed by Wally Wolodarsky from a script by Joe Jarvis and Greg Coolidge . These are names to remember ,
opposite each other Bullock and Grant still
opposed to the manifesto
opportunity to make absurdist observations
nearly moved to tears by a couple of scenes
nearly perfect in its relentless descent
nearly impeccable
nearly impeccable cinematic experience
into the extraordinarily rich landscape
this chamber drama is superbly acted by the deeply appealing veteran Bouquet and the chilling but quite human Berling .
into such fresh territory
. He 's one of the few ` cool ' actors who never seems aware of his own coolness .
. Entertaining
But it 's ) worth recommending because
wonderful . As Warren he stumbles in search of all the emotions and life experiences he 's neglected over the years
Falters when it takes itself too seriously and when it depends too heavily on its otherwise talented cast to clown
wonderful .
natural and
natural and lovely
national treasure
natural acting and
natural acting and a look at '' the real Americans
natural acting and a look at '' the real Americans '' make this a charmer .
its pleasure
wonderful , sobering , heart-felt drama
Famous
frighteningly capable debut
seems to realize intuitively that even morality is reduced to an option by the ultimate mysteries of life and death .
Pacino and Williams seem to keep upping the ante on each other , just as their characters do in the film .
seems overlooked
seems appropriate
with a visually masterful work of quiet power
with a visual style unique and inherent
wry humor and genuine pathos
A confluence of kiddie entertainment , sophisticated wit and symbolic graphic design .
fleshed-out enough to build any interest
utter fearlessness
still offers a great deal of insight into the female condition and the timeless danger of emotions repressed .
even if it 's a dish that 's best served cold
shines through every frame .
's not bad prose
shiny new bow
set of believable and comprehensible impulses , no matter how many drugs they do or how much artistic license Avary employs
're a connoisseur of psychological horror
'll still feel something .
'll still feel something
learned from watching ` Comedian '
learn a nonchallenging , life-affirming lesson while walking around a foreign city with stunning architecture
leaps over national boundaries and celebrates universal human nature
with the Waldo Salt Screenwriting award
have one saving grace .
have one saving grace
see something that did n't talk down to them
intellect
in and of himself funny
in amusing us
of its title character
of its spirit
of its provocative conclusion
of kiddie entertainment , sophisticated wit and symbolic graphic design
, of all the period 's volatile romantic lives , Sand and Musset are worth particular attention
Tori Amos records
Topics that could make a sailor blush - but lots of laughs .
All the pieces fall together without much surprise , but
has a lot of charm .
has a lot to do with the casting of Juliette Binoche as Sand , who brings to the role her pale , dark beauty and characteristic warmth
has a lot to do with the casting of Juliette Binoche as Sand , who brings to the role her pale , dark beauty and characteristic warmth .
has a new career ahead of him
has a knack for casting , often resurrecting performers who rarely work in movies now ... and drawing flavorful performances from bland actors
has a knack for casting , often resurrecting performers who rarely work in movies now ... and drawing flavorful performances from bland actors .
has a lot of charm
has a number of other assets to commend it to movie audiences both innocent and jaded
has a number of other assets to commend it to movie audiences both innocent and jaded .
All very stylish and beautifully photographed , but far more trouble
All three women deliver remarkable performances .
seeing things from new sides , plunging deeper ,
create some pretty cool characters
preciousness
sufficient heft to justify its two-hour running time
sufficiently developed to support a film constructed around him
spout hilarious dialogue about following your dream and ` just letting the mountain tell you what to do
spout hilarious dialogue
spreading
his flick-knife diction in the role of Roger Swanson
his film overwhelmed
a lovely trifle
it should deliver a moral punch
it should go down smoothly enough with popcorn
than to call attention to themselves
`` Being Earnest '' overcome its weaknesses
more stunts
children 's entertainment , superhero comics , and Japanese animation
children 's entertainment , superhero comics ,
children 's entertainment , superhero comics
it 's the ultimate redneck road-trip .
it 's so clever you want to hate it . But he somehow pulls it off .
it 's so clever you want to hate it . But he somehow pulls it off
it 's possible for a sequel to outshine the original
fun-seeking summer
it 's too slowly paced to be a thriller . -LRB- But it 's -RRB- worth recommending because of two marvelous performances by Michael Caine and Brendan Fraser
, confidently orchestrated , aesthetically and sexually
, contemplative , and sublimely beautiful .
, convincing
, crisp storytelling
, crowd-pleasing goals
The large-format film is well suited to capture these musicians in full regalia and the incredible IMAX sound system lets you feel the beat down to your toes .
The large-format film is well suited to capture these musicians in full regalia
The large-format film is well suited to capture these musicians in full regalia and
The large-format film is well suited to capture these musicians in full regalia and the incredible IMAX sound system lets you feel the beat down to your toes
The kind of movie that comes along only occasionally , one so unconventional , gutsy and perfectly
The kind of movie that comes along only occasionally , one so unconventional , gutsy and perfectly executed it takes your breath away .
The kind of sweet-and-sour insider movie that film buffs will eat up like so much gelati
The kind of sweet-and-sour insider movie that film buffs will eat up like so much gelati .
occasionally really funny
occasionally funny
obvious political insights
biggest
an original bone
punchier
his chemistry with Shimizu is very believable
'll laugh at either the obviousness of it all or its stupidity or maybe even its inventiveness
'll laugh
'll keep you wide awake and ... very tense .
'll keep you wide awake and ... very tense
'll love this movie
that even most contemporary adult movies are lacking
that everyone can enjoy
distinguish one sci-fi work
distinguish one sci-fi work from another
see `` Blue Crush '' is the phenomenal , water-born cinematography by David Hennings
Campanella 's competent direction and
Campanella 's competent direction
Campanella 's competent direction and his excellent cast overcome the obstacles of a predictable outcome and a screenplay that glosses over Rafael 's evolution .
Campanella 's competent direction and his excellent cast
Campbell Scott finds the ideal outlet for his flick-knife diction in the role of Roger Swanson .
similarly themed
be wacky without clobbering the audience over the head and
silly ( but not sophomoric ) romp
the all-time great apocalypse movies
the affection of that moral favorite
the affable Maid in Manhattan , Jennifer Lopez 's most aggressive and most sincere attempt to take movies by storm
the always hilarious Meara
an imaginatively mixed cast
an imaginatively mixed cast of antic spirits
with a dedicated and good-hearted professionalism
an imaginative filmmaker
an imaginative filmmaker who can see the forest for the trees
an imaginative teacher
an imaginative teacher of emotional intelligence in this engaging film about two men who discover what William James once called ` the gift of tears
with a flattering sense of mystery and quietness
as kooky and overeager as it is spooky and subtly in love with myth
as little cleavage
as looking , sounding and simply feeling like no other film in recent history
as many good ideas as bad is the cold comfort that Chin 's film serves up with style and empathy
Sleek and arty .
Sleek and arty
None of this is meaningful or memorable , but frosting is n't , either , and you would n't turn down a big bowl of that , would you ?
Not a bad choice here
Not a bad choice
Not about scares but a mood in which an ominous , pervasive , and unknown threat lurks just below the proceedings and adds an almost constant mindset of suspense
sexual and romantic tension
Behan 's memoir is great material for a film -- rowdy , brawny and lyrical in the best Irish sense --
as though I was in the tiny two seater plane that carried the giant camera around Australia , sweeping and gliding , banking
as the writer-director of this little $ 1.8 million charmer , which may not be cutting-edge indie filmmaking
The charms of the lead performances allow us to forget most of the film 's problems .
as though they are having so much fun
The charms of the lead performances
a Chinese film depict a homosexual relationship in a mature and frank fashion
what allows it to rank with its worthy predecessors
is extremely funny
who were able to make an impact in the theater world
from Disney
Fancy
from Oscar winner to Oscar-winning potential with a smooth sleight of hand
your Halloween entertainment
Everything that was right about Blade
its defining philosophical conscience
its drastic iconography
Eventually , it wins you over
Even those
Even in its most tedious scenes , Russian Ark is mesmerizing .
Even when foreign directors ... borrow stuff from Hollywood , they invariably shake up the formula and make it more interesting .
Me no lika da accents so good , but I thoroughly enjoyed the love story .
are infectious
are innocent , childlike and inherently funny
are laughs aplenty
are lean and tough enough to fit in any modern action movie
The irony is that this film 's cast is uniformly superb
nurturing , in a gauzy , dithering way
you reach the finale
The production has been made with an enormous amount of affection , so
The production has been made with an enormous amount of affection , so we believe these characters love each other
The production has been made with an enormous amount of affection , so we believe these characters love each other .
is even more embracing than Monty , if only because it accepts nasty behavior and severe flaws as part of the human condition
is even more embracing than Monty ,
is even better than The Fellowship . There are scenes of cinematic perfection that steal your heart away .
is even better than The Fellowship . There are scenes of cinematic perfection that steal your heart away
is even better than The Fellowship .
is essentially a whip-crack of a buddy movie that ends with a whimper
With amazing finesse
If it 's seldom boring
With We Were Soldiers , Hollywood makes a valiant attempt to tell a story about the Vietnam War before the pathology set in .
With Spy Kids 2 : The Island of Lost Dreams , however , Robert Rodriguez adorns his family-film plot with an elegance and maturity that even most contemporary adult movies are lacking .
With ` Bowling for Columbine , ' Michael Moore gives us the perfect starting point for a national conversation about guns , violence , and fear .
will warm your heart
will take you places you have n't been , and also places you have
will take you places you have n't been , and also places you have .
is also a troubling interpretation of Ecclesiastes . A rewarding work of art for only the most patient and challenge-hungry moviegoers
dazzles the eye , challenges the brain , and
dazzles the eye , challenges the brain , and satisfies our lust for fast-paced action
dazzles
daytime
dazzles the eye , challenges the brain
dazzles the eye , challenges the brain ,
dazzles the eye
dazzles the eye ,
Earnest and tentative
a bumpy but satisfying journey
a bumpy but satisfying journey of the heart
a brilliant movie . It is about irrational , unexplainable life
the year 's most thought-provoking film . But
that Soderbergh 's best films , '' Erin Brockovich , ''
Eastwood winces , clutches his chest and gasps for breath . It 's a spectacular performance - ahem
its mind
its open-endedness and surprises
people are innocent , childlike and inherently funny
peerlessly
penetrates with a rawness that that is both unflinching and tantalizing .
pays a price for its intricate intellectual gamesmanship .
peace is possible
what is really an amusing concept
have resulted in a smoother , more focused narrative without sacrificing any of the cultural intrigue
have seen before , but beneath the exotic surface ( and exotic dancing ) it 's surprisingly old-fashioned
have saved this film a world of hurt
have sprung from such a great one
have shaped the story to show us why it 's compelling
recognize it
recommend to anyone looking for something
your own firmly held positions
are the whole show here , with their memorable and resourceful performances .
feels uncomfortably real , its language and locations bearing the unmistakable stamp of authority .
feels uncomfortably real , its language and locations bearing the unmistakable stamp of authority
will leave you thinking
on the ethereal nature of the internet and the otherworldly energies
feels more like an extended , open-ended poem than a traditionally structured story
feels uncomfortably real ,
of visual charm
best some directors
of watching sad but endearing characters do extremely unconventional things
believable
being better than he is in this performance
, gets a nice wintry look from his locations , absorbs us with the movie 's spycraft and uses Damon 's ability to be focused and sincere
, good action ,
, good pace
, held together by skilled ensemble actors .
, horrifying documents of lynchings , still photographs and charming old reel-to-reel recordings of Meeropol entertaining his children to create his song history , but most powerful of all
examines a footnote to history seldom brought to light on the screen ,
evokes strong emotions and
greater intelligence
greatest star wattage
great monster\/science fiction flicks
great subject
funny moments
funny movies
funny enough
funny and wise
funny bones tickled
funny in the way that makes you ache with sadness ( the way Chekhov is funny ) , profound without ever being self-important , warm without ever succumbing to sentimentality
funny little movie
funny humor
funny humor make '' ''
of family , forgiveness and love
of faith just
of feminine energy , a tribute to the power of women to heal
of film entertainment
understand her choices
a youthful and good-looking diva and
a youthful and good-looking diva and tenor and richly handsome locations
a young woman of great charm , generosity and diplomacy
a youthful and good-looking diva
rare ones
will do it for you
will feel vastly more affronted than secularists , who might even praise God for delivering such an instant camp classic
is the spontaneity , originality and delight
its share of high points
a working over . The cast is spot on and
its remarkable camerawork
its remarkable camerawork and
its remarkable camerawork and awesome scenery
its ribald , full-throated humor
terrifically
Quaid is utterly fearless as the tortured husband living a painful lie
Stars Matthew Perry and Elizabeth Hurley illicit more than a chuckle , and more jokes land than crash
the death penalty , not just the inherent immorality
speaks for itself
the delicate characters
something to be taken seriously
the delicious guilty pleasure
something that does n't feel like a half-baked stand-up routine
something to be ` fully experienced '
Reggio 's images and Glass ' evocative music ...
Reggio 's
Reggio 's continual visual barrage
Reggio 's continual visual barrage is absorbing as well as thought-provoking .
he does make for excellent company , not least as a self-conscious performer .
deceptively amusing
decides
he does make for excellent company
he does make for excellent company , not least as a self-conscious performer
smooth , shrewd , powerful act
smooth and professional
an intricate , intimate and intelligent journey
A culture-clash comedy
the most edgy piece of Disney animation
the most edgy piece
terrific flair
and delightful performance
and elaborate production
an intimacy
the contemporary music business
his charming 2000 debut Shanghai Noon
MY LITTLE EYE is the best little '' horror '' movie
fascinating subject
fascinating subject matter
fascinating , ludicrous , provocative and vainglorious
fascinating curiosity piece
fashion a Brazil-like , hyper-real satire
fast-moving and cheerfully
Earnhart 's film is more about the optimism of a group of people who are struggling to give themselves a better lot in life than the ones
Earnest movie
Earnest ,
some fun in this jumbled mess
night shyamalan 's ability to pull together easily accessible stories that resonate with profundity is undeniable
no denying the physically spectacular qualities of the film
no denying the physically spectacular qualities of the film ... or
no denying the physically spectacular qualities of the film ...
-- but his subjects are charmers .
-- but it 's a worthy companion to the many fine , focused films emerging from that most surprising of nations .
-- but it 's rarely been told with such affecting grace and cultural specificity .
-- but unquestionably alive
-- effortless , pleasurable , featherweight charm .
melodrama ( gored bullfighters , comatose ballerinas ) with subtly kinky bedside vigils and sensational denouements
( A ) strong piece of work
( A ) strong piece of work .
( A ) satisfying niblet
( A ) satisfying niblet .
( A ) thoughtful , visually graceful
who opts to overlook this goofily endearing and well-lensed gorefest
who knows , but it works under the direction of kevin reynolds
a father and son connection
a fascinating portrait of a Vietnamese-born youngster who eagerly and easily assimilated as an all-American girl with a brand new name in southern Tennessee
a fascinating portrait
a fascinating documentary
a feast of visual amazement
a feast
a father and son connection that is a brief shooting star of love
a few fanciful touches
It looks good ,
It looks good
candy-like
candy-like taste
the most creative , energetic and original comedies to hit the screen in years
, Russian Ark is mesmerizing .
, Satin Rouge shows that the idea of women 's self-actualization knows few continental divides .
, Scorsese 's best in more than a decade
, Secretary stays in your head and makes you question your own firmly held positions .
, Simone , Andrew Niccol 's brilliant anti-Hollywood satire , has a wickedly eccentric enchantment to it .
, Tadpole is very much a step in the right direction , with its blend of frankness , civility and compassion .
, Tautou remains captivating throughout Michele 's religious and romantic quests , and she is backed by a likable cast .
, The Good Girl is a refreshingly adult take on adultery ...
flows forwards and back , weaving themes among three strands which allow us to view events as if through a prism
the gifted Korean American stand-up
wisdom and emotion
A film about a young man finding God that is accessible and touching to the marrow .
Attal 's hang-ups surrounding infidelity are so old-fashioned and , dare I say
A film that is a portrait of grace in an imperfect world .
still ultimately very satisfying
stirring epilogue
still worth a look
fulfill
front of an audience
dangerously honest
dare I say , entertaining
dare I say , entertaining !
full of gentle humor that chides the absurdity of its protagonist 's plight
full of fine performances , led by Josef Bierbichler as Brecht and Monica Bleibtreu as Helene Weigel , his wife
by the impressive cast list
important , original talent
In between the icy stunts , the actors spout hilarious dialogue about following your dream and ` just letting the mountain tell you what to do . '
unique niche
ART FILM
to moviegoers who enjoy thinking about compelling questions with no easy answers
to paint a picture of a subculture that is at once exhilarating , silly , perverse , hopeful and always fun
is exceedingly pleasant , designed not to offend .
is everything the original was not
gleefully unconcerned with plausibility , yet just as determined to entertain you
gleefully
gives you a fascinating , albeit depressing view of Iranian rural life close to the Iraqi border
gives us a rare glimpse into a culture most of us do n't know
gives peace yet another chance
gives Secret Life its intermittent unease , reaffirming that long-held illusions are indeed reality , and that erasing them recasts the self
glued
Whether or not you buy Mr . Broomfield 's findings , the film acquires an undeniable entertainment value as the slight , pale Mr . Broomfield continues to force himself on people and into situations that would make lesser men run for cover .
While Bollywood\/Hollywood will undoubtedly provide its keenest pleasures to those familiar with Bombay musicals
Whereas Oliver Stone 's conspiracy thriller JFK was long , intricate , star-studded and visually flashy , Interview with the Assassin draws its considerable power from simplicity .
Whether or not you buy
Whether or not you buy Mr . Broomfield 's findings , the film acquires an undeniable entertainment value as the slight
Where Bowling for Columbine is at its most valuable
Whereas Oliver Stone 's conspiracy thriller JFK was long , intricate , star-studded and visually flashy
undeniably worthy and
undeniably worthy and devastating
to see the one of the world 's best actors , Daniel Auteuil ,
relax and have a few laughs while the little ones get a fuzzy treat .
relax and
that fights a good fight on behalf of the world 's endangered reefs
refreshingly honest and
refreshing , disarming , and
you ca n't help but get caught up in the thrill of the company 's astonishing growth .
refreshing ,
zippy jazzy score
it adds up to big box office bucks all but guaranteed .
been written so well , that even a simple `` Goddammit
before but never so vividly
Chaplin and Kidman , who are capable of anteing up some movie star charisma when they need it to sell us on this twisted love story , but who can also negotiate the movie 's darker turns
The most compelling performance
impacts
immediate inclination to provide a fourth book
warm .
every bit as distinctive
ever a concept came handed down from the movie gods on a silver platter
a must-own
a much needed kick , making `` Die Another Day '' one of the most entertaining Bonds in years
manages to find greatness in the hue of its drastic iconography
a new collectible
on a group of extremely talented musicians
on a board
on Scooby -- you 'll love this movie .
manages to maintain both a level of sophisticated intrigue and human-scale characters that suck the audience in .
manages to keep you at the edge of your seat with its shape-shifting perils , political intrigue and brushes with calamity .
manages to keep you at the edge of your seat with its shape-shifting perils , political intrigue and brushes with calamity
suspense , surprise
suspense , surprise and consistent emotional conviction
suspense , surprise and
suspenseful horror movie
suspense or believable tension
`` Elling '' manages to do all three quite well , making it one of the year 's most enjoyable releases
The most brilliant work
The most brilliant work in this genre since the 1984 uncut version of Sergio Leone
their teen ( or preteen ) kid could bond while watching A Walk To Remember .
their super-powers , their super-simple animation and
their super-powers , their super-simple animation and their super-dooper-adorability intact
a soul-stirring documentary
a soul-stirring
a sly dissection of the inanities of the contemporary music business and a rather sad story of the difficulties of artistic collaboration .
a soul-stirring documentary about the israeli\/palestinian conflict as revealed through the eyes of some children who remain curious about each other against all odds
a soul-stirring documentary about the israeli\/palestinian
not only from charismatic rising star Jake Gyllenhaal but also from accomplished Oscar winners Susan Sarandon , Dustin Hoffman and Holly Hunter , yet newcomer Ellen Pompeo pulls off the feat with aplomb
not only learning but inventing a remarkable new trick
not on its own self-referential hot air , but on the inspired performance of Tim Allen
not just ticking , but humming
not only learning but inventing a remarkable new trick .
not only of one man 's quest to be president , but of how that man single-handedly turned a plane full of hard-bitten , cynical journalists into what was essentially , by campaign 's end , an extended publicity department
feel very much like a brand-new tomorrow
feel that we truly know what makes Holly and Marina tick
feel nostalgia for movies you grew up with
spiced with humor ( ' I speak fluent flatula , ' advises Denlopp after a rather , er , bubbly exchange with an alien deckhand )
spiritual film taps into the meaning and consolation in afterlife communications
spiritual film taps into the meaning and consolation in afterlife communications .
splendid meal
becomes a soulful , incisive meditation
becomes a soulful , incisive meditation on the way we were , and the way we are
becomes a soulful , incisive meditation on the way we were , and the way we are .
with affection and care
Stevens has a flair for dialogue comedy , the film operates nicely off the element of surprise , and
Stevens has a flair for dialogue comedy , the film operates nicely off the element of surprise , and the large cast is solid
Stevens ' vibrant creative instincts
Stevens ' vibrant creative instincts are the difference between this and countless other flicks about guys and dolls .
Stevens has a flair for dialogue comedy
Stevens has a flair for dialogue comedy , the film operates nicely off the element of surprise ,
Steven Spielberg brings us another masterpiece
with all the elements that made the other three great , scary times at the movies
is a movie that also does it by the numbers
is a movie children should enjoy .
is a movie children should enjoy
with an engaging and warm performance
with an interest in new or singular sorts of film experiences
true cinematic knack
a little broad comedy and a few unabashedly sentimental tears
a little different
a little closer to human nature than what Hollywood typically concocts
a little funnier
a little funnier , and a little more
admit it 's semi-amusing to watch Robert DeNiro belt out '' When you 're a Jet
admirable storyteller
admirable rigor
admiration
both traditional or modern stories together in a manner that one never overwhelms the other . something for everyone
Handsome and sophisticated approach to the workplace romantic comedy .
Handsome and
Handsome
improvise like a jazzman
complex enough
complex story
complex enough to hold our interest
's all stitched together with energy , intelligence and verve , enhanced by a surplus of vintage archive footage
Shinya Tsukamoto 's Iron Man
Much smarter and more attentive than it first sets out to be .
smarter offerings
smarter and much funnier version of the old Police Academy flicks .
smartly emphasizes the well-wrought story and omits needless chase scenes and swordfights as the revenge unfolds .
smartly directed , grown-up film
smart to vary the pitch of his movie , balancing deafening battle scenes with quieter domestic scenes of women back home receiving War Department telegrams
smarter and much
smarter and more diabolical
smartly written motion picture
smartly played and smartly directed .
The storylines are woven together skilfully
The storylines are woven together skilfully , the magnificent swooping aerial shots are breathtaking ,
, iconic characters gambol fluidly through the story , with charming results .
The story ultimately takes hold and grips hard .
The storylines are woven together skilfully , the magnificent swooping aerial shots are breathtaking , and the overall experience is awesome .
The storylines are woven together skilfully , the magnificent swooping aerial shots are breathtaking , and
The storylines are woven together skilfully , the magnificent swooping aerial shots are breathtaking , and the overall experience is awesome
, it 's a far more thoughtful film than any slice of Hugh Grant whimsy .
the performances by Harris , Phifer and Cam ` ron seal the deal
Engages us
Engages us in constant fits of laughter
Encounters
Engages
the performance of Gedeck , who makes Martha enormously endearing
No Such Thing is sort of a minimalist Beauty and the Beast , but in this case the Beast should definitely get top billing . Robert John Burke as The Monster horns in and steals the show
powerful and telling story
that still manages to be uplifting but not overly sentimental
in European markets , where Mr . Besson is a brand name , and in Asia , where Ms . Shu is an institution
expectations . Good fun , good action , good acting , good dialogue , good pace
expectations . Good fun , good action ,
exhilarating
exhilarate you
exhilarate
played in the most straight-faced fashion
that the journey is such a mesmerizing one
... create engaging characterizations in Imamura 's lively and enjoyable cultural mix .
... mesmerizing , an eye-opening tour of modern Beijing culture in a journey of rebellion , retreat into oblivion and return .
... it does possess a loose , lackadaisical charm .
... but finds surprising depth in its look at the binds of a small family
Soderbergh faithful
... comes close to recapturing the brilliance of his Hong Kong films
... but it is also refreshing , disarming , and just outright enjoyable despite its ridiculousness .
it has a tremendous , offbeat sense of style and humor that suggests he was influenced by some of the filmmakers who have directed him , especially the Coen brothers and Steven Soderbergh
... one of the most ingenious and entertaining thrillers I 've seen in quite a long time .
wait to see what happens next
viewers willing to take a chance will be rewarded with two of the year 's most accomplished and riveting film performances .
visual tour-de-force
delivering such an instant camp classic
delivers mildly amusing performances
think that 's what I liked about it -- the real issues tucked between the silly and crude storyline
The film was immensely enjoyable thanks to great performances by both Steve Buscemi and Rosario Dawson ...
The film truly does rescue ( the Funk Brothers ) from Motown 's shadows . It 's about time .
of the most ravaging , gut-wrenching , frightening war scenes since `` Saving Private Ryan ''
of the most purely enjoyable and satisfying evenings at the movies I 've had in a while
The film was n't preachy
The film was n't preachy ,
of the most inventive
of the most beautiful , evocative works I 've seen
of the most multilayered and sympathetic female characters of the year
sits uneasily as a horror picture ... but finds surprising depth in its look at the binds of a small family .
Diaz , Applegate , Blair and Posey are suitably kooky which should appeal to women and they strip down often enough to keep men alert , if not amused .
colour and depth , and rather a good time
than secularists , who might even praise God for delivering such an instant camp classic
) Jackson
) all over the stage , dancing , running , sweating , mopping his face and generally displaying the wacky talent that brought him fame in the first place
) addresses in a fascinating , intelligent manner the intermingling of race , politics and local commerce
( the film ) addresses in a fascinating , intelligent manner the intermingling of race , politics and local commerce
( the film ) addresses in a fascinating , intelligent manner the intermingling of race , politics and local commerce .
smart , romantic drama
sits uneasily as a horror picture ... but finds surprising depth in its look at the binds of a small family
us a rare glimpse into a culture most of us do n't know
truly entertaining
say it was a guilty pleasure
remains the most wondrous of all Hollywood fantasies -- and the apex of Steven Spielberg 's misunderstood career .
remains the real masterpiece
fun-for-fun 's
remains surprisingly idealistic
fun one
looks great , has solid acting and a neat premise .
fun , popcorn movies
of Animal House
of Barney 's crushingly self-indulgent spectacle
who does n't think about percentages all day long
that is both gripping and compelling
that is fully formed and remarkably assured
that is funny and pithy , while illuminating an era of theatrical comedy that , while past ,
that is gorgeously
that is masterly
it must be labelled ` hip ' , ` innovative ' and ` realistic '
two words to say about Reign of Fire . Great dragons
the peculiar American style of justice
the past that is faithful to both architectural glories and commanding open spaces of the city as it was more than two centuries ago
when humor ends and tragedy begins
the formula fresh again
intrepid
intoxicatingly sexy , violent , self-indulgent and maddening
pull together easily accessible stories that resonate with profundity
turn Bill Paxton into an A-list director
the insights gleaned from a lifetime of spiritual inquiry
scored to perfection
together in
say something about its subjects
Cinderella
in its own way
in its splendor
told through on-camera interviews with several survivors , whose riveting memories are rendered with such clarity that it 's as if it all happened only yesterday
Cinema Paradiso will find the new scenes interesting ,
Cinema Paradiso will find the new scenes interesting , but
The talents of the actors helps `` Moonlight Mile '' rise above its heart-on-its-sleeve writing .
here is that without once denying the hardscrabble lives of people on the economic fringes of Margaret Thatcher 's ruinous legacy , he insists on the importance of those moments when people can connect and express their love for each other .
heralds something special
undeniable social realism
under his control
fresh , entertaining comedy
because it 's a marketable product
deeply concerned with morality
deft
deft punctuation
delightful
in charm , wit and invention
toward maximum comfort and familiarity
An intelligent romantic thriller of a very old-school kind of quality .
An intelligent , multi-layered and profoundly humanist ( not to mention gently political ) meditation
An intelligent , multi-layered and profoundly humanist ( not to mention gently political ) meditation on the values of knowledge , education , and the affects of cultural and geographical displacement .
have finally aged past his prime ...
have enough finely tuned acting to compensate for the movie 's failings
An intelligent romantic thriller of a very old-school kind
in gorgeous places
in love with its own cleverness
soul adventure
tremendous promise
all the more impressive for their lack of showiness
will find things to like
ever knew about generating suspense
a knockout of a closing line
a knockout
your level of fandom
a pretty fair description
a preschooler 's fancy , but
aura
aunque sea condensada )
does n't take itself so deadly seriously
does n't offer any easy answers .
does n't put you off
Terminally bland ,
does have some exciting scenes
your idea of a good time at the movies
and Drop Dead Gorgeous
and Egoyan tackles his themes and explores his characters ' crises with seriousness and compassion .
and Daniel Radcliffe more emotionally assertive this time around as Harry
and BMX riders
give the movie points for
involves us because it is so incisive , so bleakly amusing about how we go about our lives
involves us because it is so incisive , so bleakly amusing about how we go about our lives .
is -RRB- talented and terribly charismatic , qualities essential to both movie stars and social anarchists
is -RRB- why we go to the cinema : to be fed through the eye , the heart , the mind
for the David Mamet enthusiast and
twists the best of technology around a gripping story , delivering a riveting , pulse intensifying escapist adventure of the first order
, it 's also full of sharp , smart satire .
, it 's a work of incendiary genius , steering clear of knee-jerk reactions and quick solutions .
, it 's an unpretentious , sociologically pointed slice of life .
, it 's an intriguing look at two performers who put themselves out there because they love what they do .
, is weirdly sympathetic to both and manages to be tender and darkly comic
, is this an invigorating , electric movie .
, it 's a pleasure to enjoy their eccentricities
the audience to meet them halfway and connect the dots instead of having things all spelled out
please anyone in search of a Jules and Jim for the new millennium
better movie experience
consistently surprising , easy
consistently surprising
consistently surprising ,
consistently amusing but
consistently amusing but not as outrageous or funny
terrifying film
our imagination
see this movie -- for its historical significance alone
is NOT a retread of `` Dead Poets ' Society .
of crime thriller , quirky character study , third-rate romance and female empowerment fantasy
of compassion and mercy
... the gentle melding of drama and comedy makes '' What Time Is It There ? ''
... the gentle melding of drama and comedy makes '' What Time Is It There ? '' something the true film buff will enjoy .
the sensation of having just witnessed a great performance
the screen sizzling with intrigue
the screen sizzling
could be her breakthrough role
could be her breakthrough role .
could be the most navel-gazing film ever .
is Great
able to inject some real vitality and even art into a pulpy concept that , in many other hands would be completely forgettable
ability to make its subject interesting to those who are n't part of its supposed target audience . Judging by those standards , ` Scratch ' is a pretty decent little documentary
ability to right itself precisely when you think it 's in danger of going wrong
ability to shock and amaze
ability to take what is essentially a contained family conflict and put it into a much larger historical context
below its abstract surface
belongs firmly in the so-bad-it 's - good camp .
its tidal wave of imagery
its tidal wave
the guru who helped
delicate ambiguity
delicious crime drama
delicious dialogue
delicately crafted film
delicately performed
unassuming and pure
deliciously exploitative
delight in the images
unabashedly sentimental
that we encounter as we journey through life
una buena
for more tissues and those
for on screen thrills
for moviegoers of any age
the Hanson Brothers can save it
that the audience laughs out loud
part homage and part remake
part of For the most part Wilde 's droll whimsy helps '' Being Earnest '' overcome its weaknesses and Parker 's creative interference
particularly eccentric
take a look
provocative stuff
appreciative
always very colorful
am not generally a huge fan of cartoons derived from TV shows , but Hey Arnold !
that will appeal to a mainstream American audience
's a funny little movie with clever dialogue and likeable characters
's a good yarn-spinner
's a funny no-brainer
's a great American adventure and a wonderful film to bring to IMAX .
's a great American adventure and a wonderful film to bring to IMAX
happily ,
lent the film a bit more depth
guessing from first frame to last
lend the characters ' individual stories enough dramatic resonance to make us care about them
see this barbed and bracing comedy on the big screen
lives up to the stories and faces and music of the men who are its subject .
lives up to the stories and faces and music of the men who are its subject
lives up
liveliness
shows excess in business and pleasure
to suicide attempts and tragic deaths . Marisa Tomei is good
in a very real and amusing give-and-take
in a wind-tunnel and a simply astounding cor-blimey-luv-a-duck cockney accent
wonderfully loopy tale of love , longing , and voting
wonderfully respectful of its past and
and a perfect example of how art -- when done right -- can help heal ,
and a story that is unlike any
and acts circles around her better known co-star , Mark Wahlberg
and admirable for what it does n't do
's worth the price of admission for the ridicule factor alone
epic adventure
epic '
enveloping sounds
future years as an eloquent memorial
game supporting cast
may well
What a dumb , fun , curiously adolescent movie this
What 's surprising about this traditional thriller , moderately successful but not completely satisfying , is exactly how genteel and unsurprising the execution turns out to be .
What 's most memorable about Circuit
What 's most memorable about Circuit is that it 's shot on digital video , whose tiny camera enables Shafer to navigate spaces both large ... and small ... with considerable aplomb .
Try as you might to scrutinize the ethics of Kaufman 's approach , somehow it all comes together to create a very compelling , sensitive , intelligent and almost cohesive piece of film entertainment .
Try as you might to scrutinize the ethics of Kaufman 's approach , somehow it all comes together to create a very compelling , sensitive , intelligent and almost cohesive piece of film entertainment
and made a rather sturdy , old-fashioned entertainment out of it
does not rely on dumb gags , anatomical humor , or character cliches
and make it more interesting
a servicable World War II drama
's never been better in this colorful bio-pic of a Mexican icon
Not a strike against Yang 's similarly themed Yi Yi , but I found What Time ? to be more engaging on an emotional level , funnier , and on the whole less detached .
's never dull
's never dull and
is one of the year 's best films
is nothing if not sincere
is powerful
the talented cast
As teen movies go , `` Orange County '' is a refreshing change
As the movie traces Mr. Brown 's athletic exploits , it is impossible not to be awed by the power and grace of one of the greatest natural sportsmen of modern times .
As the princess , Sorvino glides gracefully from male persona to female without missing a beat .
entertaining but also
entertaining elements
entertaining but
You 'll probably love it .
our hero must ride roughshod over incompetent cops to get his man
for a longtime admirer of his work
café
a solid success
a source of high hilarity
Passions , obsessions , and
Parris ' performance is credible and remarkably mature .
Parts seem like they were lifted from Terry Gilliam 's subconscious , pressed through Kafka 's meat grinder and into Buñuel 's casings
want the T-shirt
the right B-movie frame of mind
wise
do that is really funny
do something fun
ballsy
a fan of the series you 'll love it and probably want to see it twice .
And , there 's no way you wo n't be talking about the film once you exit the theater .
a fascinating arc
And Vin Diesel is the man .
of turning one man 's triumph of will into everyman 's romance comedy
of those movies that catches you up in something bigger than yourself
that will stimulate hours of post viewing discussion , if only to be reminded of who did what to whom and why
, and by casting an actress whose face projects that woman 's doubts and yearnings
a rarity
do in this marvelous film
The Country Bears has no scenes that will upset or frighten young viewers
a rare gift
quirky amazement
, an art form at once visceral and spiritual , wonderfully vulgar and sublimely lofty -- and as emotionally grand as life .
a rather sturdy , old-fashioned entertainment out of it
It deserves to be seen everywhere .
It does n't matter that the film is less than 90 minutes .
the film is blazingly alive and admirable on many levels .
thought-provoking
thought were funniest
warmth and vitality
fly at such a furiously funny pace
Catch Me If You Can is n't badly made
probably should
pro-Serb propaganda
probe Lear 's soul-stripping breakdown
probably will enjoy themselves
do n't avert our eyes for a moment
be growing
steady pulse
in the
in that way that makes us consider our own eccentricities and how they are expressed through our homes
Mr. Polanski is in his element here
Mr. Polanski is in his element here :
Mr. Polanski is in his element here : alone , abandoned , but still consoled by his art , which is more than he has ever revealed before about the source of his spiritual survival
Mr. Polanski is in his element here : alone , abandoned , but still consoled by his art , which is more than he has ever revealed before about the source of his spiritual survival .
Mr. Polanski creates images even more haunting than those in Mr. Spielberg 's 1993 classic .
you 've seen a movie instead of an endless trailer
a nice little story
you 've got a place in your heart for Smokey Robinson
true star
a nice little story in the process
you 've never seen the deep like you see it in these harrowing surf shots
you 've got to hand it to director George Clooney for biting off such a big job the first time out
you 've got the wildly popular Vin Diesel in the equation
a nice , light treat
make it abundantly clear that this movie phenomenon has once again reinvented itself for a new generation
reactions
pleased to discover that Tian 's meticulous talent has not withered during his enforced hiatus
Here is a divine monument to a single man 's struggle to regain his life , his dignity and his music .
Hey , Happy !
sharp , smart satire
sharp humor and insight
interesting characters or even a halfway intriguing plot
interesting .
but ` Barbershop ' shows he 's on his way .
is the cast , particularly the Ya-Yas themselves
is the chance it affords to watch Jackson , who also served as executive producer , take his smooth , shrewd , powerful act abroad
is the chance it affords to watch Jackson , who also served as executive producer , take his smooth , shrewd , powerful act abroad .
is that wind-in-the-hair exhilarating .
is the best performance from either in years
stunning and overwhelmingly cogent
stunning acting
is the distinct and very welcome sense of watching intelligent people making a movie
is the energetic frontman
stunning as Frida and ... a star-making project
stunning and overwhelmingly cogent case
serious suspense
solidly connect with one demographic while
solid emotional impact
solid base
solidly entertaining and moving family drama
solidly constructed , entertaining thriller
A '' range
a worthwhile topic
one only a true believer could relish
one of those movies that 's so bad it starts to become good .
Warm in its loving yet unforgivingly inconsistent depiction of everyday people , relaxed in its perfect quiet pace and proud in its message .
Warm and exotic
Warm and
Warm in its loving yet unforgivingly inconsistent depiction of everyday people
Warm and exotic .
otherwise respectable action
otherwise respectable
, we only wish we could have spent more time in its world
, wait until you 've seen him eight stories tall .
, we also need movies like Tim McCann 's Revolution No . 9 .
, we do n't get Williams ' usual tear and a smile , just sneers and bile , and the spectacle is nothing short of refreshing .
, we had no trouble sitting for Blade II .
s personal revelations regarding what the shop means in the big picture , iconic characters gambol fluidly through the story , with charming results .
with talent
most daring
most daring ,
most daring , and
most creative , energetic and original
most daring , and complicated
with such clarity
feels very human and very true to life
something in the Martin Scorsese street-realist mode
should catch this IMAX offering .
something fun
should get all five
its invitingly upbeat overture to its pathos-filled but ultimately life-affirming finale
should drop everything and run to Ichi .
see a world-class filmmaker
Rowling 's phenomenal fantasy best sellers , this second go-round possesses a quite pleasing , headlong thrust and a likably delinquent attitude .
( Breheny 's ) lensing of the New Zealand and Cook Island locations captures both the beauty of the land and the people .
Rowling 's phenomenal fantasy best sellers
following up a delightful , well-crafted family film
following up a delightful , well-crafted family film with a computer-generated cold fish
following up on a deeper level
Russell and Dreyfus are a romantic pairing of hearts
compelling motion
compelling or
There 's not much more to this adaptation of the Nick Hornby novel than charm -- effortless , pleasurable , featherweight charm .
compelling characters and intelligent script
with the solution to another
compelling look
the results are honest
a complex story
pleasantly and predictably
pleasantly and
pleasant piece
pleasant in spite of its predictability
pleasant enough -- and oozing with attractive men
pleasant enough -- and
pleasant enough --
pleasant enough
playwriting
while beautiful
true inspiration
Both heartbreaking and heartwarming ... just a simple fable done in an artless sytle , but it 's tremendously moving
Both heartbreaking and heartwarming ... just a simple fable done in an artless sytle , but it 's tremendously moving .
Both heartbreaking and
Both heartbreaking and heartwarming
Both heartbreaking and heartwarming ...
of the stand-up comic
bounces
bounces ) all over the stage , dancing , running , sweating , mopping his face and generally displaying the wacky talent that brought him fame in the first place
bounces ) all over the stage , dancing , running , sweating , mopping his face and generally displaying the wacky talent that brought him fame in the first place .
bowel-curdling , heart-stopping recipe
a resolutely realistic path
a refreshingly novel ride
a refreshingly different slice of Asian cinema
a refreshingly different slice
a real subject in an always surprising way
a real flair for epic landscapes and adventure
a resolutely realistic path in this uncompromising insight into the harsh existence of the Kurdish refugees of Iran 's borderlands
a resolutely realistic path in this uncompromising insight
the good ,
On its own , Big Trouble could be considered a funny little film .
the case for a strong education and good teachers being more valuable in the way they help increase an average student 's self-esteem
the cartoon 's more obvious strength of snazziness
the cartoon 's more obvious strength
the career peak
the capability of effecting change and inspiring hope
about what is important in life and why
about those things we expect from military epics
about the true meaning of the holidays
about the withering effects of jealousy in the life of a young monarch whose sexual passion for her husband becomes an obsession .
thoroughly winning flight of revisionist fancy .
why Blue Crush , a late-summer surfer girl entry , should be as entertaining as it is
why Sex and Lucia is so alluring
rousing good story
thoroughly enjoyable , heartfelt
landmark as monumental as Disney 's 1937 breakthrough Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs .
sexual and romantic
`` Mr. Deeds '' is suitable summer entertainment that offers escapism without requiring a great deal of thought .
as-it - thinks-it-is joke
summer entertainment
Panic Room is interested in nothing more than sucking you in ... and making you sweat
landmark as monumental as Disney 's 1937 breakthrough Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs
, he has at least one more story to tell : his own .
, he insists on the importance of those moments when people can connect and express their love for each other
, having survived ,
, he 's a charismatic charmer likely to seduce and conquer .
Monsters , Inc
Miyazaki 's nonstop images are so stunning , and his imagination so vivid , that the only possible complaint you could have about Spirited Away is that there is no rest period , no timeout .
as a touching , transcendent love story
as a possible successor
as an exquisite motion picture in its own right
as an exceptional thriller
shows he 's back in form , with an astoundingly rich film
shows all the signs of rich detail condensed into a few evocative images and striking character traits .
shows he 's back in form , with an astoundingly rich film .
shows a remarkable gift for storytelling with this moving , effective little film .
shows a remarkable gift for storytelling with this moving , effective little film
shows all the signs of rich detail condensed into a few evocative images and striking character traits
shows how deeply felt emotions can draw people together across the walls that might otherwise separate them
shows he can outgag any of those young whippersnappers making moving pictures today .
with zombies
an equally assured narrative coinage
an epic rather than
Road to Perdition does display greatness , and it 's worth seeing . But
Road to Perdition does display greatness , and it 's worth seeing .
Road to Perdition does display greatness , and
Road to Perdition does display greatness
Road Trip
Road to Perdition does display greatness , and it 's worth seeing . But it also comes with the laziness and arrogance of a thing that already knows it 's won
who are obviously pretty clever
I 'm sure mainstream audiences will be baffled , but , for those with at least a minimal appreciation of Woolf and Clarissa Dalloway , The Hours represents two of those well spent .
a fresh , quirky charm
becomes the clever crime comedy it thinks it is
A powerful performance from Mel Gibson and a brutal 90-minute battle sequence that does everything but issue you a dog-tag and an M-16 .
A powerful performance from Mel Gibson and a brutal 90-minute battle sequence that does everything but issue you a dog-tag and an M-16
A movie that successfully crushes a best selling novel into a timeframe that mandates that you avoid the Godzilla sized soda .
A movie just for Friday fans , critics be damned .
The best comedy concert movie I 've seen since Cho 's previous concert comedy film , I 'm the One That I Want , in 2000 .
The best didacticism
The best didacticism is one carried by a strong sense of humanism ,
The beauty of the piece
The beauty of the piece is that it counts heart as important as humor .
The best comedy concert movie
The best comedy concert movie I 've seen since Cho 's previous concert comedy film
a frighteningly capable debut
The best didacticism is one carried by a strong sense of humanism , and Bertrand Tavernier 's oft-brilliant Safe Conduct ( '' Laissez-passer '' ) wears its heart on its sleeve
, you can do something fun tonight .
resorting to camp as Nicholas ' wounded and wounding Uncle Ralph . It 's a great performance and a reminder of Dickens ' grandeur
, you might want to check it out
rueful , wry humor
in its purest and , yes , most intimidating form
in its purest form
in its quiet , epic way , daring , inventive and refreshingly unusual
in its coincidences
Spinning a web of dazzling entertainment may be overstating it , but `` Spider-Man '' certainly delivers the goods
Spinning a web of dazzling entertainment may be overstating it
Spinning a web of dazzling entertainment may be overstating it ,
Spiderman ROCKS
Spielberg 's realization of a near-future America is masterful .
predisposed to like it probably will enjoy themselves . But ticket-buyers with great expectations
will keep you watching
radioactive hair
raffish charm
An intense and effective film about loneliness and the chilly anonymity of the environments where so many of us spend so much of our time
you 'll have a good time with this one too
you 'll have an idea of the film 's creepy , scary effectiveness .
you 'll find it with Ring , an indisputably spooky film ; with a screenplay to die for
really funny fifteen-minute
you 'll find yourself remembering this refreshing visit to a Sunshine State .
you 'll still be glued to the screen .
you appreciate original romantic comedies like Punch-Drunk Love
you ignore the cliches and concentrate on City by the Sea 's interpersonal drama
you have n't seen the film lately , you may be surprised at the variety of tones in Spielberg 's work .
you hate to tear your eyes away from the images long enough to read the subtitles
the humor aspects of ` Jason X ' were far more entertaining than I had expected
undeniably worthy and devastating experience
undeniable enjoyment to be had from films crammed with movie references
uncovers a trail of outrageous force and craven concealment .
qualify as art
puts far more polished documentaries to shame .
young American
its power comes from its soul 's - eye view of how well-meaning patronizing masked a social injustice , at least as represented by this case
its poignancy hooks us completely
its plot twists
its playwriting 101 premise
is charming
is carried less by wow factors than by its funny , moving yarn that holds up well after two decades
is bright and flashy in all the right ways
is bright and flashy
is brilliant
is bright and flashy in all the right ways .
is brilliant , really
is brilliant ,
is brilliant , really .
manages to infuse the rocky path to sibling reconciliation with flashes of warmth and gentle humor
manages to have a good time as it doles out pieces of the famous director 's life
that 's creepy and effective
Compelling
Compelling revenge thriller
Clever
Clever , brutal and strangely soulful movie .
Clockstoppers is a lively and enjoyable adventure for all ages at any time .
Compelling revenge thriller , though somewhat weakened by a miscast leading lady .
He simply presents his point of view that Ayurveda works .
something poignant about an artist of 90-plus years taking the effort to share his impressions of life and loss and time and art with us
something original
, Rohmer fashions the sort of delicate , articulate character - and - relationship study he 's favored for decades .
manages to maintain both a level of sophisticated intrigue and human-scale characters that suck the audience in
a decent attempt
a deep bow
a dazzling conceptual feat
a dearth
off with a bang
of your seat , tense with suspense
off with a bang ,
the breathtaking landscapes
the breathtaking landscapes and
the breathtaking
the breathtaking landscapes and villainous varmints
Lead provocatuers Testud and Parmentier give superlative performances
Kinnear gives a tremendous performance .
Kinnear 's performance is razor sharp .
Kinnear 's performance is razor sharp
the quaking essence of passion , grief and fear
It does succeed by following a feel-good formula with a winning style , and by offering its target audience of urban kids some welcome role models and optimism .
a masterful piece of artistry
offers all the perfect ingredients
from start to finish , featuring a fall from grace that still leaves shockwaves
from pleasing
show for their labor , living harmoniously , joined in song
Close enough in spirit to its freewheeling trash-cinema roots to be a breath of fresh air .
Clever and unflinching in its comic barbs , Slap Her is a small but rewarding comedy that takes aim at contemporary southern adolescence and never lets up .
Close enough in spirit to its freewheeling trash-cinema roots to be a breath of fresh air
show than well-constructed narrative
it does n't have you impatiently squinting at your watch
it exudes a kind of nostalgic spy-movie charm and , at the same time , is so fresh and free of the usual thriller nonsense that it all seems to be happening for the first time
it embraces it , energizes it and takes big bloody chomps out of it
it far more satisfying
potent doses of honesty and sensitivity
potent
powerful of all
Sugar '' admirably
Sum '' is Jack Ryan 's '' do-over . '' Give credit to everyone from Robinson down to the key grip that this bold move works . Especially give credit to Affleck .
lavishly built
lavishly
a Farrelly Brothers-style , down-and-dirty laugher
a 60-second homage
gain from watching They
gaining most of its unsettling force
that 's apparently just what ( Aniston ) has always needed to grow into a movie career
that 's actually sort of amazing
that 's as entertaining as it is instructive
that 's as crisp and to the point
that 's best served cold
that 's flawed and brilliant in equal measure
that 's destined to win a wide summer audience through word-of-mouth reviews and , not far down the line , to find a place among the studio 's animated classics
All the necessary exposition
this film 's impressive performances and adept direction
this film 's impressive performances and
this film 's cast is uniformly superb
this film 's impressive performances
this film 's chief draw
improvisations
, `` They 're out there ! ''
, `` Real Women Have Curves '' is a sweet , honest , and enjoyable comedy-drama about a young woman who wants many things in life , but fears she 'll become her mother before she gets to fulfill her dreams .
, `` Orange County '' is far funnier than it would seem to have any right to be .
endearing cast
will be pleased to discover that Tian 's meticulous talent has not withered during his enforced hiatus
endear itself
endear itself to American art house audiences
endearing , caring , warm .
endearing , masterful
endearing and
endearing and easy
very stylish and beautifully photographed , but far more trouble
set to an unending soundtrack of beach party pop numbers and aside from its remarkable camerawork and awesome scenery
PG-rated , nonthreatening family movies
Pacino is brilliant as the sleep-deprived Dormer , his increasing weariness as much existential as it is physical .
his point of view that Ayurveda works .
his passion and class consciousness ; we need his shticks
a longtime admirer of his work
a charming and often affecting
a charming and often affecting journey
a change in ( herzog 's ) personal policy
is important in life
that 's every bit as enlightening , insightful and entertaining as Grant 's two best films
that 's truly cinematic in scope
that 's steeped in mystery and a ravishing , baroque beauty
when I heard that Apollo 13 was going to be released in IMAX format ?
when cares melted away in the dark theater
when his story ends or just ca n't tear himself away from the characters
could be , by its art and heart , a necessary one .
Huppert 's volatile performance makes for a riveting movie experience
Huppert scheming , with her small , intelligent eyes
Hélène Angel is definitely a director to watch .
This is n't a narrative film -- I do n't know if it 's possible to make a narrative film about September 11th , though I 'm sure some will try -- but it 's as close as anyone has dared to come
a wonderous accomplishment
a wonderous accomplishment of veracity and narrative grace
It 's sweet .
a wonderful film to bring to IMAX
a wonderfully warm human drama
a wonderfully warm human drama that remains vividly in memory long
a wonderfully warm human drama that remains vividly in memory long after viewing
a witty expose
a woman whose passion for this region and its inhabitants still shines in her quiet blue eyes
a wonderful account to work from
randy film
rare director
rare in film
rare in film today
rare to find a film that dazzles the eye , challenges the brain
from Burkina Faso
who put themselves out there because they love what they do
who loves horses
smiling at one time or another
smooth sleight
smartly nuanced performance
Discovery Channel fans
Disney 's 1937 breakthrough
( Reynolds ) takes a classic story , casts attractive and talented actors and uses a magnificent landscape to create a feature film that is wickedly fun to watch .
become one of those rare remakes to eclipse the original
director D . J . Caruso 's grimy visual veneer and Kilmer 's absorbing performance increase the gravitational pull considerably
director Doug Liman and his colleagues have managed to pack it with enough action to satisfy the boom-bam crowd without a huge sacrifice of character and mood
Can you bear the laughter ?
Canadian filmmaker Gary Burns ' inventive and mordantly humorous
Canadian filmmaker Gary Burns ' inventive and mordantly humorous take on the soullessness of work in the city .
Captures all the longing , anguish and ache , the confusing sexual messages and the wish
Captures all the longing , anguish and ache , the confusing sexual messages and the wish to be a part of that elusive adult world
Seemingly
A brutal and funny work . Nicole Holofcenter , the insightful writer\/director responsible for this illuminating comedy does n't wrap the proceedings up neatly but the ideas tie together beautifully .
A brutal and funny work . Nicole Holofcenter , the insightful writer\/director responsible for this illuminating comedy does n't wrap the proceedings up neatly but the ideas tie together beautifully
A brutal and funny work . Nicole Holofcenter , the insightful writer\/director responsible for this illuminating comedy does n't wrap the proceedings up neatly but
A brutal and funny work . Nicole Holofcenter , the insightful writer\/director responsible for this illuminating comedy
A brutal and funny work . Nicole Holofcenter , the insightful writer\/director responsible
A brutal and funny work . Nicole Holofcenter ,
Seeing as the film lacks momentum and its position remains mostly undeterminable , the director 's experiment is a successful one .
a far bigger , far more meaningful story than one
a far bigger , far more meaningful story
a fascinating , compelling story
even touching story .
even touching story . Parents may even find that it goes by quickly , because it has some of the funniest jokes of any movie this year , including those intended for adults
new age
new release
connect with on any deeper level
Enter the Fist is hilarious
, and that 's what makes it irresistible .
, and she is backed by a likable cast .
, and one to ponder after the credits roll
comedy fare
comedy and melodrama
come when various characters express their quirky inner selves
comeback
comedies to hit the screen in years
comedic bliss
whose sharp
whose sharp intellect
whose restatement is validated by the changing composition of the nation
whose style , structure and rhythms are so integrated with the story
what would he say ?
what you 'd expect from a guy
some ingenious plot devices and
, All or Nothing becomes an emotional , though still positive , wrench of a sit
last year 's Kubrick-meets-Spielberg exercise
goes about telling what at heart is a sweet little girl
, AND satisfies our lust for fast-paced action , but Minority Report delivers all that and a whole lot more .
so refreshing to see Robin Williams turn 180 degrees from the string of insultingly innocuous and
, AND satisfies our lust for fast-paced action ,
nonjudgmentally as Wiseman 's previous studies of inner-city high schools , hospitals , courts and welfare centers
nonjudgmental kind
nonjudgmentally
solid and
the attention is on the nuances of the emotional development of the delicate characters
A wonderful character-based comedy .
AND satisfies our lust for fast-paced action ,
AND satisfies our lust for fast-paced action
what it promises : A look at the '' wild ride '' that ensues when brash young men set out to conquer the online world with laptops , cell phones and sketchy business plans
with better aplomb and sardonic wit
mixed-up relationship
some truly unique character studies and
to show us why it 's compelling
big-hearted and frequently
big-hearted and
What 's not to like about a movie with a ` children 's ' song that includes the line ` My stepdad 's not mean , he 's just adjusting ' ?
What 's so fun about this silly , outrageous , ingenious thriller is the director 's talent .
What 's really so appealing about the characters is their resemblance to everyday children .
What 's so fun about this silly , outrageous , ingenious thriller is the director 's talent . Watching a Brian DePalma movie is like watching an Alfred Hitchcock movie after drinking twelve beers .
terminally cute drama
tension , eloquence , spiritual challenge -- things that have made the original New Testament stories so compelling for 20 centuries
tension , eloquence , spiritual challenge --
gritty realism , crisp storytelling and radiant compassion that effortlessly draws you in
gritty realism , crisp storytelling and radiant compassion
the film is a contrivance , as artificial as the video games japanese teens play in a nightclub sequence , but it 's an enjoyable one .
's every bit as enlightening , insightful and entertaining as Grant 's two best films
's equally hard to imagine anybody being able to tear their eyes away from the screen once it 's started
's equally hard to imagine anybody being able to tear their eyes away from the screen
the perfect starting point for a national conversation about guns , violence , and fear
the perfect starting point
the perfect festival film
the percussion rhythm , the brass soul and the sense of fierce competition that helps make great marching bands half the fun of college football games
the percussion rhythm , the brass soul and
more than adequately fills the eyes and
Windtalkers blows this way and that , but there 's no mistaking the filmmaker in the tall grass , true to himself
You Should Pay Nine Bucks for This : Because you can hear about suffering Afghan refugees on the news and still be unaffected . Dramas like this make it human
You Should Pay Nine Bucks for This :
The Sweetest Thing , a romantic comedy with outrageous tendencies , may be a mess in a lot of ways . But it does have one saving grace . A lot of its gags and observations reflect a woman 's point-of-view .
The Sweetest Thing , a romantic comedy with outrageous tendencies , may be a mess in a lot of ways . But it does have one saving grace . A lot of its gags
The Sweetest Thing , a romantic comedy with outrageous tendencies ,
The Sweetest Thing , a romantic comedy with outrageous tendencies , may be a mess in a lot of ways . But it does have one saving grace . A lot of its gags and
few gut-busting laughs
few moments of inspiration
see a bit of yourself
see this movie
see this movie -- for its historical significance
see this movie --
an equally great Robin Williams performance
an engrossing
lift the spirits of the whole family
life-changing
life-changing chance encounters
original gem
originality .
very enjoyable children 's entertainment
very enjoyable children 's
is also weirdly fascinating
is also , at times , curiously moving .
is also , at times , curiously moving
is also , at times
moving tale
much of a splash
, Steven Shainberg 's adaptation of Mary Gaitskill 's harrowing short story ... is a brilliantly played , deeply unsettling experience .
best movies
best parts
best play
A college story that works even without vulgarity , sex scenes , and cussing !
A colorful , vibrant introduction
A college story that works even without vulgarity , sex scenes , and cussing
A comedy
A comedy that is warm , inviting , and surprising .
A colorful , vibrant introduction to a universal human impulse
A colorful , vibrant introduction to a universal human impulse , lushly photographed and beautifully recorded .
A comedy that swings and jostles to the rhythms of life
A comedy that swings and jostles to the rhythms of life .
a martial arts adventure
a marketable product
a man with enough charisma and audacity to carry a dozen films
a man with enough charisma and audacity
a major release
our emotions
800-page
is a great film .
is a great yarn
An unpredictable blend of gal-pal smart talk , romantic comedy and dark tragedy
An unpredictable blend
While Scorsese 's bold images and generally smart casting ensure that '' Gangs '' is never lethargic
looks there is something worth seeing .
looks there is something worth seeing
is a gorgeous and deceptively minimalist cinematic tone poem .
of artful Large Format filmmaking you are likely to see anytime soon
of an event that has to be seen to be believed
of always enticing Sayles dialogue
and its ample charms should win over the most hard-hearted cynics .
and its fine acting
and just outright enjoyable
is a heavyweight film that fights a good fight on behalf of the world 's endangered reefs
powerful moments
powerful political message
powerful sequel
powerful commentary
powerful emotional wallop
powerful look
eye-opener
eye and ear candy
fable of the humanizing of one woman
face and transmute his demons
fact , the best in recent memory
fact ,
structure and
struggles of the working class to life
, and yet at the end
, are at least interesting .
, are crisp and purposeful without overdoing it
a quirky and poignant Japanese film that explores the fascinating connections between women , water , nature , and sexuality
a quite pleasing , headlong thrust
a psychological masterpiece
a profound way , comparable to the classic films of Jean Renoir
a promising young lad
an eerily suspenseful , deeply absorbing piece
an eerily suspenseful , deeply absorbing piece that works as a treatise on spirituality as well as a solid sci-fi thriller .
an eerily suspenseful , deeply absorbing piece that works as a treatise on spirituality as well as a solid sci-fi thriller
an elegiac portrait
an elegance and maturity
an eloquent memorial
an elegiac portrait of a transit city on the West African coast struggling against foreign influences
an emotionally accessible , almost mystical work
an eminently engrossing film
, who takes the superstitious curse on chain letters and actually applies it
, who can now add movies to the list of things he does well
, who carries the film on his broad , handsome shoulders
, who segues from Oscar winner to Oscar-winning potential with a smooth sleight of hand
, will encourage others to stand up and applaud , and will , undoubtedly , leave both camps engaged in a ferocious debate for years to come .
eloquently performed yet also decidedly uncinematic
eloquent memorial
eloquent film
eloquently about the symbiotic relationship between art and life .
eloquently about the symbiotic relationship between art and life
the kind of art shots that fill gallery shows
there , done that
spirit , perception , conviction
Rowling 's phenomenal fantasy
's a lot to recommend Read My Lips
's a lot richer than the ones Hollywood action screenwriters usually come up with on their own
Roland 's
's a hoot watching The Rock chomp on jumbo ants , pull an arrow out of his back , and leap unscathed through raging fire !
Beautifully shot against the frozen winter landscapes of Grenoble and Geneva , the film unfolds with all the mounting tension of an expert thriller , until the tragedy beneath it all gradually reveals itself .
Beautifully shot against the frozen winter landscapes of Grenoble and Geneva
the dramatics that follow
capturing the precarious balance between the extravagant confidence of the exiled aristocracy and the cruel earnestness of the victorious revolutionaries
Hollywood kids
Hollywood romance
Hollywood road
... an interesting slice of history .
Drawing on an irresistible , languid romanticism , Byler reveals the ways in which a sultry evening or a beer-fueled afternoon in the sun can inspire even the most retiring heart to venture forth .
Drawing on an irresistible , languid romanticism
Drama of temptation , salvation and good intentions is a thoughtful examination of faith , love and power .
In Fessenden 's horror trilogy , this theme has proved important to him and is especially so in the finale
In its ragged , cheap and unassuming way , the movie works .
In scope , ambition and accomplishment
is faithful to what one presumes are the book 's twin premises -- that we become who we are on the backs of our parents
is exceedingly pleasant , designed not to offend
is exceedingly pleasant ,
is exceedingly pleasant
rights
us watch as his character awakens to the notion that to be human is eventually to have to choose
far more entertaining than I had expected
intermittently good time . Feel free to go get popcorn whenever he 's not onscreen
intermittently good time . Feel free to go get
epic landscapes and adventure
epic landscapes
entertaining his children to create his song history
entertaining for what it does , and admirable for what it does n't do
entertaining for what it does
entertain you
enthralling
entertainment and education
entertaining his children to create his song history , but most powerful of all
Promises is a compelling piece that demonstrates just how well children can be trained to live out and carry on their parents ' anguish .
Proves a servicable World War II drama that ca n't totally hide its contrivances
Promises offers an unexpected window into the complexities of the Middle East struggle and into the humanity of its people .
Proves a servicable World War II drama that ca n't totally hide its contrivances , but it at least calls attention to a problem Hollywood too long has ignored .
Provides a porthole into that noble , trembling incoherence that defines us all
detailed performances
detailed personal portrait
destined to win a wide summer audience through word-of-mouth reviews and , not far down the line , to find a place among the studio 's animated classics
to transcend the sex , drugs and show-tunes plot into something far richer
to treat a subject , you 're not fully aware is being examined , much like a photo of yourself you did n't know
to transcend the sex , drugs and show-tunes plot into something far richer .
Ultimately , '' MIB II '' succeeds due to its rapid-fire delivery and enough inspired levity that it ca n't be dismissed as mindless .
Undisputed
Episode II --
as cute as all get-out
While not all transitions to adulthood are so fraught , there 's much truth and no small amount of poetry in Girls Ca n't Swim .
Wedding
What 's most striking about this largely celebratory film
What 's most striking about this largely celebratory film ... is the sense of isolation that permeates these bastions of individuality in an Ikea world .
While not all transitions to adulthood are so fraught , there 's much truth
known as ' a perfect family film
knows how to tell us about people .
knows how to tell us about people
you ca n't look away from
knowledge , education , and
truth
grab your children by the imagination and amaze them
grab your children by the imagination and
gradually and
grab your children by the imagination and amaze them and
for a larger-than-life figure , an artist who has been awarded mythic status in contemporary culture
its best ( and it does have some very funny sequences )
its best ( and it does have some very funny sequences ) Looking for Leonard
its best ,
its agenda to deliver awe-inspiring , at times sublime , visuals
its art and heart
its best moments
shed more light on its subject than the popular predecessor
works - mostly due to its superior cast of characters
the controversial eponymous and fiercely atheistic hero
is a smart , romantic drama that dares to depict the French Revolution from the aristocrats ' perspective
is a respectable sequel
is a satisfying well-made romantic comedy that 's both charming and well acted
is a satisfying well-made romantic comedy that 's both charming and well acted .
is a shrewd and effective film from a director who understands how to create and sustain a mood
is a shrewd and effective film from a director who understands how to create and sustain a mood .
with if you took Orwell , Bradbury , Kafka , George Lucas and the Wachowski Brothers and threw them into a blender
with energy and innovation
with drama , romance , tragedy , bravery , political intrigue , partisans and sabotage
with humour and lightness
is going to be something really good .
is going to be something really good
is given life when A Selection appears in its final form ( in '' Last Dance '' ) .
is given life when A Selection appears in its final form ( in '' Last Dance '' )
is genuinely witty
blessed with a searing lead performance by ryan gosling ( murder by numbers ) , the movie is powerful and provocative . it 's also built on a faulty premise , one it follows into melodrama and silliness
's a gag that 's worn a bit thin over the years , though Do n't Ask still finds a few chuckles
that pours into every frame
animated filmmaking since old Walt
The power of Shanghai Ghetto , a documentary by Dana Janklowicz-Mann and Amir Mann ,
The power of Shanghai Ghetto , a documentary by Dana Janklowicz-Mann and Amir Mann , rests in the voices of men and women , now in their 70s , who lived there in the 1940s .
The power of this script
The powerful success
is Scott 's convincing portrayal of Roger the sad cad that really gives the film its oomph
is Scott 's convincing portrayal of Roger the sad cad that really gives the film its oomph .
is SO De Palma . If you love him , you 'll like it . If you do n't
The powerful success of Read My Lips with such provocative material
is OK for a movie to be something of a sitcom apparatus
The powerful success of Read My Lips with such provocative material shows why , after only three films , director\/co-writer Jacques Audiard , though little known in this country , belongs in the very top rank of French filmmakers .
is Serry 's ability to take what is essentially a contained family conflict and put it into a much larger historical context
is Serry 's ability to take what is essentially a contained family conflict and put it into a much larger historical context .
is competent
is entertaining for what it does , and admirable for what it does n't do .
is completely
the movie had worked a little harder to conceal its contrivances
starts with a legend
the movie is widely seen and debated with appropriate ferocity and thoughtfulness
more , while remaining one of the most savagely hilarious social critics this side of Jonathan Swift
more graceful way
everyone in my group extemporaneously shouted
more enjoyable than its predecessor .
more enjoyable than its predecessor
more eye-catching
more entertaining
more focused
the movie passes inspection
The script is high on squaddie banter , low on shocks .
The sequel
The setting is so cool that it chills the characters , reducing our emotional stake in the outcome of '' Intacto 's '' dangerous and seductively stylish game .
informative , intriguing , observant , often touching ... gives a human face to what 's often discussed in purely abstract terms
informative , intriguing , observant , often touching ...
The sheer joy and pride
informative ,
informative
informative , intriguing ,
informative , intriguing
the gay '70s
the general 's
a high-powered star pedigree
from being merely way-cool by a basic , credible compassion
evocative aesthetics
evolving
their roles so well
By turns touching , raucously amusing , uncomfortable , and , yes , even sexy , Never Again is a welcome and heartwarming addition to the romantic comedy genre .
the storytelling and
your silly childhood nostalgia slumber unmolested
generational signpost
wisely
although it 's more comedy
Sets up a nice concept for its fiftysomething leading ladies
'' Simone '' is a fun and funky look into an artificial creation in a world that thrives on artificiality .
for its sheer audacity and openness
undoubtedly play well in European markets , where Mr. Besson is a brand name , and in Asia , where Ms. Shu is an institution
of the best special effects
Miike ... a cult hero .
'' funny
a movie that deals with a real subject in an always surprising way
on Dave Barry 's popular book of the same name
you might want to think twice before booking passage
sexy , funny and touching
most multilayered and sympathetic female
biography channel
biographical melodramas
A map of the inner rhythms of love and jealousy and sacrifice
A map of the inner rhythms of love and jealousy and sacrifice drawn with a master 's steady stroke .
A marvellous
comes in the power of the Huston performance , which seems so larger than life and yet so fragile
A miniscule little bleep on the film radar , but one that many more people should check out
A modest pleasure
comedy to evoke surprising poignance
Swimfan , like Fatal Attraction
comes away exhilarated
dogs
A deliciously nonsensical comedy about a city coming apart at its seams .
the worthy successor
the worthy successor to A Better Tomorrow
A deliciously nonsensical comedy about a city coming apart at its seams
( Taymor ) utilizes the idea of making Kahlo 's art a living , breathing part of the movie , often catapulting the artist into her own work .
this should , indeed , have been presented as a theatrical release
and nice dialogue
and often very funny
and one to ponder after the credits roll
you grasp and feel the passion others have for their work
you feel genuinely good
you enjoy more thoughtful comedies with interesting conflicted characters
feels acting is the heart and soul of cinema . He allows his cast members to make creative contributions to the story and dialogue . This method almost never fails him , and it works superbly here
feel the love
feeling a part of its grand locations
feel optimistic that there 's hope for popular cinema yet .
feelings that profoundly deepen them
Mr . Soderbergh 's direction and
Mr . Reggio 's theory of this imagery as the movie 's set
Mr . Polanski creates images even more haunting than those in Mr . Spielberg 's 1993 classic
Mr . Nelson has made a film that is an undeniably worthy and devastating experience .
Mr . Nachtwey has traveled to places in the world devastated by war , famine and poverty and documented the cruelty and suffering he has found with an devastating , eloquent clarity .
, perverse , hopeful and always fun
, parts of the movie still manage to break past the artifice and thoroughly engage you
, passionate adaptation of Graham Greene 's 1955 novel
, perhaps because he 's been stirred by the powerful work of his co-stars
, perhaps , give in to the urge to get on your feet and shake it
Grant , who has n't lost a bit of the dry humor that first made audiences on both sides of the Atlantic love him
Graham Greene 's novel of colonialism and empire is elevated by Michael Caine 's performance as a weary journalist in a changing world .
volatile performance
vivid with color , music and life
vivid with color , music and life . Delight your senses and crash this wedding
bouncy score
bothered to construct a real story this time
`` gory mayhem '' is your idea of a good time
them , who have carved their own comfortable niche in the world
the Killer '' , Takashi Miike , Japan 's wildest filmmaker gives us a crime fighter carrying more emotional baggage than Batman ...
Some movies are like a tasty hors-d'oeuvre ; this one is a feast
Smith profiles five extraordinary American homes , and
Smith profiles five extraordinary American homes , and because the owners seem fully aware of the uses and abuses of fame , it 's a pleasure to enjoy their eccentricities
So many documentaries like this presuppose religious bigotry or zealous nuttiness of its antagonists , but
So many documentaries like this presuppose religious bigotry or zealous nuttiness of its antagonists , but Family Fundamentals displays a rare gift for unflinching impartiality
Solid ,
Solid , lump-in-the-throat family entertainment that derives its power by sticking to the facts
with Weaver 's sensitive reactions to make this a two-actor master class
with Weaver 's sensitive reactions
make Showtime the most savory and hilarious guilty pleasure of many a recent movie season .
make Showtime the most savory and hilarious guilty pleasure of many a recent movie season
make Personal Velocity into an intricate , intimate and intelligent journey .
make Personal Velocity into an intricate , intimate and intelligent journey
make Paid in Full worth seeing
into the script , which has a handful of smart jokes
Here 's a British flick gleefully unconcerned with plausibility , yet just as determined to entertain you .
Haneke challenges us to confront the reality of sexual aberration .
Guaranteed to move anyone who ever shook , rattled , or rolled
Guaranteed
Guaranteed to move anyone who ever shook , rattled , or rolled .
is a riot
its proper home
is a remarkable piece of filmmaking ... because you get it .
is a refreshing absence of cynicism in Stuart Little 2
its promising cast
cinematography to the outstanding soundtrack and unconventional narrative
cinematography to the outstanding soundtrack and unconventional
cinematography to the outstanding soundtrack and
cinematography to the outstanding soundtrack
cinematic touchstone
cinematic tone poem
crafted but
crafted an intriguing story of maternal instincts and misguided acts of affection
crafted a solid formula for successful animated movies
leave them singing long after the credits roll
leave feeling as shaken as Nesbitt 's Cooper looks when the bullets stop flying
crafted a complicated hero who is a welcome relief from the usual two-dimensional offerings .
leather pants &
learns that believing in something does matter
crafted a complicated hero who is a welcome relief from the usual two-dimensional offerings
cradles its characters , veiling tension beneath otherwise tender movements
Lathan and Diggs have considerable personal charm , and their screen rapport makes the old story seem new
20 years apart
crafted import
the heart of American society in an unnerving way
moviegoers for real characters and compelling plots
movies , television and the theater
movies about angels
turns out to be a cut above the norm , thanks to some clever writing and sprightly acting
deeply touched by this movie
deeply touching melodrama
deeply moving effort to put a human face on the travail of thousands of Vietnamese
deeply moving
deeply moving French drama
deeply felt and vividly detailed story about newcomers in a strange new world .
deeply humanizing
deeply and rightly
While Bollywood\/Hollywood will undoubtedly provide its keenest pleasures to those familiar with Bombay musicals , it also has plenty for those ( like me ) who are n't .
somehow pulls it off
some welcome role models and optimism
some welcome role models and optimism .
own life
own eccentricities
something rare
based on a Nicholas Sparks best seller
as delicately calibrated in tone
hot-button items
insightfully written , delicately
fitfully amusing
insightfully written , delicately performed
fit well together
plays as dramatic
stealing harvard aspires
stealing harvard aspires to comedic grand larceny but
steadfast
will want to see over and over again .
's Lovely and Amazing
's Black Hawk Down with more heart . At its worst , it 's Rambo - meets-John Ford
's ... worth the extra effort to see an artist , still committed to growth in his ninth decade , change while remaining true to his principles with a film whose very subject is , quite pointedly , about the peril of such efforts .
gorgeous places
got oodles of style and substance
grab your children by the imagination
good old fashion romance and someone
, witty and beneath
, with really solid performances by Ving Rhames and Wesley Snipes .
, with increasingly amused irony , the relationship between reluctant captors and befuddled captives .
, with a solid cast ,
, with 20 times the creativity but without any more substance ... indulgently entertaining but could have and should have been deeper .
, wit and warmth than should be expected from any movie with a '' 2 '' at the end of its title .
, wit and interesting characters
A film of quiet power .
tipped this film into the `` A '' range , as is
titillation , raw insight
in which children on both sides of the ever-escalating conflict have their say away from watchful parental eyes ,
A film of ideas and wry comic mayhem
in this uncompromising insight
it does n't follow the stale , standard , connect-the-dots storyline which has become commonplace in movies that explore the seamy underbelly of the criminal world
it does n't disappoint .
it does n't make for completely empty entertainment
it does n't take itself so deadly seriously
it does so without compromising that complexity .
fights the good fight in Vietnam
in the right place ... innocent and well-meaning
to be fondly remembered in the endlessly challenging maze of moviegoing
As the two leads , Lathan and Diggs are charming and have chemistry both as friends and lovers .
As the movie traces Mr . Brown 's athletic exploits , it is impossible not to be awed by the power and grace of one of the greatest natural sportsmen of modern times .
As simple and innocent a movie as you can imagine . This is a movie you can trust .
As simple and innocent a movie as you can imagine .
As satisfyingly odd and intriguing a tale as it was a century and a half ago ... has a delightfully dour , deadpan tone and stylistic consistency .
As satisfyingly odd and intriguing a tale as it was a century and a half ago
make creative contributions to the story and dialogue
make good use of the hefty audio system
make fun of these curious owners of architectural oddities . Instead , he shows them the respect they are due
make it the darling of many a kids-and-family-oriented cable channel
are good
are hardly specific to their era
on cue
on cotton candy
is delicately narrated by Martin Landau and directed with sensitivity and skill by Dana Janklowicz-Mann .
is delicately narrated by Martin Landau and directed with sensitivity and skill by Dana Janklowicz-Mann
is delicately
is definitely a director to watch .
is definitely a director to watch
Williams creates a stunning , Taxi Driver-esque portrayal of a man teetering on the edge of sanity .
even a story immersed in love , lust , and sin
Will certainly appeal to Asian cult cinema fans and Asiaphiles interested to see what all the fuss is about .
has been delivered to the big screen safe and sound , the way we like our 20-year-old superstar girls to travel on the fame freeway
a celebration of feminine energy , a tribute to the power of women to heal
lighting effects and innovative backgrounds
lighting effects and
to look at or understand
sports aficionados
always been part of For the most part Wilde 's droll whimsy helps '' Being Earnest '' overcome its weaknesses and Parker 's creative interference
always been something likable about the Marquis de Sade
always fast and furious
always easy to look at
always enticing Sayles dialogue
always fun
make her heroine 's book sound convincing , the gender-war ideas original , or the comic scenes fly
make it far more satisfying
make a great one
make it shine
make it far more satisfying than almost any horror film in recent memory
Tommy 's job to clean the peep booths surrounding her
Together ( Time Out and Human Resources ) establish Mr . Cantet as France 's foremost cinematic poet of the workplace .
dressed up this little parable in a fairly irresistible package full of privileged moments and memorable performances
drew to a close
dressed up this little parable
driven by a natural sense for what works
's that rare family movie -- genuine and sweet without relying on animation or dumb humor .
's that rare family movie -- genuine and sweet without relying on animation or dumb humor
chillingly effective
childlike smile
the subject of love head-on ;
the subject of love head-on ; trading in his cynicism
will be impressed by this tired retread
with such an engrossing story that will capture the minds and hearts of many
refused
ends up exposing his own obsession
ends the movie is the one with the most emotional resonance , but
ends the movie is the one with the most emotional resonance , but twists
a new treasure
can impart an almost visceral sense of dislocation and change .
it 's still unusually crafty and intelligent for Hollywood horror .
it 's still quite worth seeing
it 's still a guilty pleasure to watch .
it 's still entertaining to watch the target practice .
it 's the delivery that matters here
with such provocative material
with such life-embracing spirit
any Scorsese has ever given us
One of the most genuinely sweet films to come along in quite some time
One of the most genuinely sweet films to come along in quite some time .
One of the smarter offerings the horror genre
One of the smarter offerings the horror genre has produced in recent memory , even if it 's far tamer than advertised .
One of the funniest motion pictures of the year , but ... also one of the most curiously depressing .
One of the greatest films
One of the greatest films I 've ever seen .
One of the most genuinely sweet films
One of the very best movies
One of the very best movies ever made about the life of moviemaking .
a heaven
awesome to consider
process of imparting knowledge .
original character , siuation or joke
Not too fancy , not too filling , not too fluffy , but definitely tasty and sweet .
Not the Great American Comedy , but if you liked the previous movies in the series , you 'll have a good time with this one too .
Not to mention absolutely refreshed
Not too fancy , not too filling , not too fluffy , but definitely tasty and sweet
Memorable for a peculiar malaise that renders its tension
Memorable
this region and its inhabitants
this remains a film about something , one that attempts and often achieves a level of connection and concern .
this region and
this romantic comedy
this romantic comedy explores the friendship between five Filipino-Americans and their frantic efforts to find love .
this review life-affirming
this rich and luscious
this rude and crude film does deliver a few gut-busting laughs
aficionados of the whodunit wo n't be disappointed
All Ms. Jovovich , as the sanctified heroine
All in all , Brown Sugar is a satisfying well-made romantic comedy that 's both charming and well acted .
was essentially ,
be a kid again , or show it to their own kids
be a little different
be a cut above the norm , thanks to some clever writing and sprightly acting
breathless
breathless anticipation
breathless anticipation for a new hal hartley movie
bright
brilliant
Sylvie Testud is icily brilliant .
Symbolically , Warm Water Under a Red Bridge is a celebration of feminine energy , a tribute to the power of women to heal .
entertaining and authentic
entertain the preschool set while embracing a wholesome attitude
entertain anyway
entangled interrelationships and complex morality
ensnaring the audience with its emotional pull
ensnared by it
while not all transitions to adulthood are so fraught , there 's much truth
this makes for perfectly acceptable , occasionally very enjoyable children 's entertainment .
while i ca n't say it 's on par with the first one , stuart little 2 is a light , fun cheese puff of a movie .
of the movies you 'd want to watch if you only had a week to live
of the other
first-time director Kevin Donovan managed to find something new to add to the canon of Chan
first-class , natural acting and a look at `` the real Americans '' make this a charmer .
first-class , natural acting and a look at `` the real Americans ''
first-class , natural acting and
first-class , natural acting
fit the incredible storyline to a T.
honest performances
honest look
honest and unaffected ( and gentle ) way
honest and unaffected ( and gentle )
honest and unaffected
honest about Alzheimer 's disease
honest , lived-in glow
look forward to the Russos ' next offering
honest performances and realistic interaction between the characters
More mature than Fatal Attraction , more complete than Indecent Proposal
Morvern rocks .
american art house audiences
to his day job
had some success with documentaries
had released the outtakes theatrically and used the film as a bonus feature on the DVD
had much science
's good to see Michael Caine whipping out the dirty words and punching people in the stomach again
lot less time
lots of cute animals and clumsy people . ` Snow Dogs ' has both
its sense of fun or energy
its share of belly laughs ( including a knockout of a closing line )
its share of clever moments and biting dialogue
's got as potent a topic as ever here
the film has a lot of charm .
catchy
to inspire me
a blast of adrenalin
a bold biographical fantasia
a bonus
into place in a way that makes your spine tingle with revelation and excitement
into his nicely nuanced narrative
creeped me out just fine
intelligent , and humanly funny film
intelligent , and
intelligent ,
intelligence and originality
intelligence and intensity
credible characters
credit for trying
credited to Dennis Quaid , in fighting trim shape as an athlete as well as an actor
, offering fine acting moments and pungent
than the first and simply the best family film of the year
is smart and dark - hallelujah for small favors
is smart to vary the pitch of his movie , balancing deafening battle scenes with quieter domestic scenes of women back home receiving War Department telegrams
is smart writing , skewed characters , and the title performance by Kieran Culkin
is smart writing , skewed characters , and the title performance by Kieran Culkin .
is so convincing
is so convincing that by movies ' end you 'll swear you are wet in some places and feel sand creeping in others
is so convincing that by movies ' end you 'll swear you are wet in some places and feel sand creeping in others .
infuses the movie with much of its slender
infuses it into a rustic , realistic , and altogether creepy tale of hidden invasion
infuses it
infuses the movie with much of its slender , glinting charm .
infuses the movie with much of its slender , glinting charm
infuses the movie with much of its slender ,
ingenious and often
uneven but intriguing
B picture , and I mean that as a compliment
vintage-TV
It 's an experience in understanding a unique culture that is presented with universal appeal .
It 's an interesting effort ( particularly for JFK conspiracy nuts )
this man so watchable is a tribute not only to his craft , but to his legend
this masterful
this man so watchable
a wonderful ensemble cast of characters that bring the routine day to day struggles of the working class to life
a wonderful ensemble cast
It 's an ambitious film , and as with all ambitious films , it has some problems . But on the whole , you 're gonna like this movie .
a winning comedy that excites the imagination and tickles the funny bone
a winning comedy
a winning family story
a wise and powerful tale of race and culture forcefully told , with superb performances throughout
a wise and powerful tale
a wonderful , sobering , heart-felt drama
It 's an ambitious film
It 's all stitched together with energy , intelligence and verve , enhanced by a surplus of vintage archive footage .
4Ever has the same sledgehammer appeal as Pokemon videos , but
of seeming at once both refreshingly different and reassuringly familiar
of self-discovery handled with such sensitivity
of sentimental war movies
a duty of art to reflect life
It 's not a great monster movie . But if you 've paid a matinee price and bought a big tub of popcorn , there 's guilty fun to be had here . Chomp chomp
fans who ca n't stop loving anime , and the fanatical excess built into it
a fan
It 's made with deftly unsettling genre flair .
be quirky and funny
be profound
Adam Sandler
the emotional heart
the emotional heart of Happy
that is unlike any you will likely see anywhere else
is the rare director who does not want to invite viewers to gawk at or applaud his special effects .
is such a dazzlingly self-assured directorial debut that it 's hard to know what to praise first .
is such a high-energy movie where the drumming and the marching are so excellent , who cares if the story 's a little weak .
is still ultimately very satisfying .
is such a dazzlingly self-assured directorial debut that it 's hard to know what to praise first
is still pretty darned good .
is still ultimately very satisfying
Audience Award
Audiard successfully maintains suspense on different levels throughout a film that is both gripping and compelling .
since lee is a sentimentalist , the film
the floppy hair
I ca n't wait for the sequel
I encourage young and old alike to go see this unique and entertaining twist on the classic whale 's tale --
I encourage young and old alike to go see this unique and entertaining twist on the classic whale 's tale
I encourage young and old alike to go see this unique and entertaining twist on the classic whale 's tale -- you wo n't be sorry !
I encourage young and old alike to go see this unique and entertaining twist on the classic whale 's tale -- you wo n't be sorry
intense and effective
intense and effective film
intensely lived
intelligent jazz-playing exterminator
intelligent script
intelligently
intense , brooding character study
intensifying
intensifying escapist adventure
mainly that South Korean filmmakers can make undemanding action movies with all the alacrity of their Hollywood counterparts .
a brilliant director and
a brilliant director
the flash of rock videos fused with solid performances and eerie atmosphere .
... has a pleasing way with a metaphor .
... has done his homework and soaked up some jazzy new revisionist theories about the origins of Nazi politics and aesthetics .
... have made the old boy 's characters more quick-witted than any English Lit
... in no way original , or even all that memorable , but as downtown Saturday matinee brain candy , it does n't disappoint .
... is , also , frequently hilarious .
... is at once playful and haunting , an in-depth portrait of an iconoclastic artist who was fundamentally unknowable even to his closest friends .
... is so intimate and sensual and funny and psychologically self-revealing that it makes most of what passes for sex in the movies look like cheap hysterics .
... is there a deeper , more direct connection between these women , one that spans time and reveals meaning ? You bet there is and it 's what makes this rather convoluted journey worth taking .
the thrill
it could channel
an amazing performance that dwarfs everything else in the film
an amazing performance
an always surprising way
an effective and claustrophobic thriller
an easy target -- those old '50 's giant creature features --
to good actors
to find a compelling dramatic means of addressing a complex situation
us plenty of sturm
a completely honest , open-hearted
see her Esther blossom as an actress
see her Esther blossom as an actress ,
be credited to Dennis Quaid , in fighting trim shape as an athlete as well as an actor
be exactly divine
be another 's fortune
be applauded
of the film 's most effective aspects
of the film 's cheeky charm
be glad you went along for the ride
be heart-rending in an honest and unaffected ( and gentle ) way
of the festival in Cannes
Chalk it up to my adoration
Branagh , in his most forceful non-Shakespeare screen performance ,
Bright seems alternately amused and disgusted with this material , and he ca n't help throwing in a few of his own touches
But it 's emotionally engrossing ,
professional success
seen through the right eyes , with the right actors and with the kind of visual flair that shows what great cinema can really do .
sweetest
seen whether Statham can move beyond the crime-land action genre
highly recommend Irwin
establishes a realistic atmosphere that involves us in the unfolding crisis
establish Mr . Cantet as France 's foremost cinematic poet of the workplace .
establishes itself as a durable part of the movie landscape : a James Bond series for kids
establishes itself as a durable part of the movie landscape : a James Bond series for kids .
establishes itself as a durable part of the movie landscape
establishes itself as a durable part of the movie landscape :
, nothing satisfies like old-fashioned swashbuckling .
, natural acting
For all its impressive craftsmanship , and despite an overbearing series of third-act crescendos
becomes a testament
becomes a testament to faith
becomes a testament to faith .
becomes compulsively watchable
becomes compulsively watchable in a guilty-pleasure , daytime-drama sort of fashion
pop manifestations of the Holy Spirit
Even if you ca n't pronounce `` gyro '' correctly , you 'll appreciate much of Vardalos ' humor , which transcends ethnic boundaries .
's a heck of a ride
caring for animals and
carries the day with impeccable comic timing , raffish charm and piercing intellect
carried by a strong sense of humanism
caring for animals and respecting other cultures
carries the day with impeccable comic timing , raffish charm and piercing intellect .
take us on his sentimental journey of the heart . It really is a shame that more wo n't get an opportunity to embrace small , sweet ` Evelyn
take you down a familiar road with a few twists
takes Mr . Hill higher than he 's been in a while
takes an admirable look
takes an admirable look at the hypocrisy of political correctness
Carion 's debut feature but his script and direction hums with a confidence
Call me a wimp , but I cried , not once , but three times in this animated sweet film .
easy to look at
the horror fan who opts to overlook this goofily endearing and well-lensed gorefest
the imagination
insight and celebratory verve
easygoing
inhabited a character
intelligent fiction
easygoing blend
Simone , Andrew Niccol 's brilliant anti-Hollywood satire , has a wickedly eccentric enchantment to it .
comedy and
Sits uneasily as a horror picture ... but finds surprising depth in its look at the binds of a small family .
France 's foremost cinematic poet
Frailty '' offers chills much like those that you get when sitting around a campfire around midnight , telling creepy stories to give each other the willies .
Phillip Noyce and all of his actors -- as well as his cinematographer , Christopher Doyle -- understand the delicate forcefulness of Greene 's prose , and it 's there on the screen in their version of The Quiet American
Phillip Noyce and all of his actors -- as well as his cinematographer , Christopher Doyle -- understand the delicate forcefulness of Greene 's prose , and
serves up all of that stuff
serves up all of that stuff , nearly subliminally
serves up all of that stuff , nearly subliminally ,
Phillip Noyce and all of his actors -- as well as his cinematographer , Christopher Doyle -- understand the delicate forcefulness of Greene 's prose ,
Phillip Noyce and all of his actors -- as well as his cinematographer , Christopher Doyle -- understand the delicate forcefulness of Greene 's prose
If you love the music , and I do
can be distinguished from a mediocre one by the better film 's ability to make its subject interesting to those who are n't part of its supposed target audience . Judging by those standards , ` Scratch ' is a pretty decent little documentary .
charms
check
check it out and form their own opinion
can actually feel good
can almost see Mendes and company getting together before a single frame had been shot and collectively vowing , ` This is going to be something really good . '
can be appreciated equally as an abstract Frank Tashlin comedy and as a playful recapitulation of the artist 's career
can be distinguished from a mediocre one by the better film 's ability to make its subject interesting to those who are n't part of its supposed target audience . Judging by those standards , ` Scratch ' is a pretty decent little documentary
every frame produces new joys
A love for films shines through each frame and the era is recreated with obvious affection , scored to perfection with some tasty boogaloo beats .
TV episodes
the likes of which mainstream audiences have rarely seen
it 's not that , it 's the tension that keeps you in your seat
A journey spanning nearly three decades of bittersweet camaraderie and history , in which we feel that we truly know what makes Holly and Marina tick ,
A journey spanning nearly three decades of bittersweet camaraderie and history , in which we feel that we truly know what makes Holly and Marina tick , and
A journey spanning nearly three decades of bittersweet camaraderie and history , in which we feel that we truly know what makes Holly and Marina tick , and our hearts go out to them as both continue to negotiate their imperfect , love-hate relationship
A journey spanning nearly three decades of bittersweet camaraderie and history , in which we feel that we truly know what makes Holly and Marina tick , and our hearts go out to them as both continue to negotiate their imperfect , love-hate relationship .
A huge box-office hit in Korea , Shiri is a must for genre fans .
A journey spanning nearly three decades of bittersweet camaraderie and history , in which we feel that we truly know what makes Holly and Marina tick
It 's coherent , well shot , and tartly acted
It 's coherent , well shot , and tartly acted ,
It 's coherent , well shot , and tartly acted , but
For more than two decades Mr . Nachtwey has traveled to places in the world devastated by war , famine and poverty and documented the cruelty and suffering he has found with an devastating , eloquent clarity .
For every cheesy scene , though , there is a really cool bit -- the movie 's conception of a future-world holographic librarian ( Orlando Jones ) who knows everything and answers all questions , is visually smart , cleverly written , and nicely realized .
For almost the first two-thirds of Martin Scorsese 's 168-minute Gangs of New York
For almost the first two-thirds of Martin Scorsese 's 168-minute Gangs of New York , I was entranced .
For all the dolorous trim
For all the dolorous trim , Secretary is a genial romance that maintains a surprisingly buoyant tone throughout , notwithstanding some of the writers ' sporadic dips into pop Freudianism .
For the most part , the film does hold up pretty well .
For those who like quirky , slightly strange French films
frida is n't that much different from many a hollywood romance . what sets it apart is the vision that taymor , the avant garde director of broadway 's the lion king and the film titus , brings .
fresh air now and then
frida is n't that much different from many a hollywood romance . what sets it apart is the vision that taymor , the avant garde director of broadway 's the lion king and the film titus , brings
win a wide summer audience through word-of-mouth reviews
win a wide summer audience
will worm its way there
willingness to wander into the dark areas of parent-child relationships without flinching
will want to see over and over again
will win you over , in a big way
will wear you out and make you misty even when you do n't
good spaghetti western
good taste
good music documentary
good noir
good old fashioned spooks
good poetry
good laugh
good line
good material
good music
Appropriately
Appropriately cynical social commentary aside
Appropriately cynical social commentary
may rate as the most magical and most fun family fare of this or any recent holiday season .
may rate as the most magical and most fun family fare of this or any recent holiday season
may pick up new admirers
making this character understandable , in getting under her skin , in exploring motivation ...
an undeniably worthy and devastating
that are too complex to be rapidly absorbed
that attempts and often achieves a level of connection and concern
that attracts the young and fit
that are powerful and moving without stooping to base melodrama
ideas original
idealism American
ideal outlet
the script carries Arnold ( and the viewers ) into the forbidden zone of sympathizing with terrorist motivations by presenting the `` other side of the story . ''
it uses very little dialogue , making it relatively effortless to read and follow the action at the same time .
it uses lighting effects and innovative backgrounds to an equally impressive degree
it unexpectedly rewarding
it ultimately satisfies with its moving story
is undoubtedly one of the finest films of the year . If you 're not deeply touched by this movie , check your pulse .
is undoubtedly one of the finest films of the year . If you 're not deeply touched by this movie , check your pulse
is uncomfortably timely , relevant , and sickeningly real .
is undeniably subversive and involving in its bold presentation .
is undeniably subversive and involving in its bold presentation
is uniquely felt with a sardonic jolt .
is uniquely felt with a sardonic jolt
families and church meetings
invigorating about
introduce video as art
A literary detective story is still a detective story and aficionados of the whodunit wo n't be disappointed
A literary detective story is still a detective story and aficionados of the whodunit wo n't be disappointed .
sustain interest to the end
A knowing sense of humor and a lot of warmth ignite Son of the Bride .
A lean , deftly shot
A lean , deftly shot ,
A lean , deftly shot , well-acted , weirdly retro thriller that recalls a raft of '60s and '70s European-set spy pictures
A lean , deftly shot , well-acted , weirdly retro thriller that recalls a raft of '60s and '70s European-set spy pictures .
to the core
yet another hat to a talented head
yes , but one with characters who think and talk about their goals , and are working on hard decisions .
is acceptable entertainment for the entire family and one that 's especially fit for the kiddies
juice and delight
juicy
darkly funny fable
darkly funny dance
deals with a real subject in an always surprising way
of the Audience Award for documentaries at the Sundance Film Festival
of that on the cinematic front , look no further than this 20th anniversary edition of the film that Spielberg calls
of that special fishy community
moves between heartbreak and rebellion
While its careful pace and seemingly opaque story may not satisfy every moviegoer 's appetite , the film 's final scene is soaringly , transparently moving .
While not for every taste , this often very funny collegiate gross-out comedy goes a long way toward restoring the luster of the National Lampoon film franchise , too long reduced to direct-to-video irrelevancy .
the Fist is hilarious
the Extreme Generation '
one of Mr. Chabrol 's subtlest works , but also one of his most uncanny
one of Mr. Chabrol 's subtlest works
one of Mr. Chabrol 's subtlest works ,
one is poised for titillation , raw insight or both .
subtly kinky bedside vigils and
subtlety and acumen
subtly different
has created a predictably efficient piece of business notable largely for its overwhelming creepiness , for an eagerness to create images you wish you had n't seen , which , in this day and age , is of course the point .
has created a provocative , absorbing drama that reveals the curse of a self-hatred instilled by rigid social mores
has considerable charm
has considerable charm .
has crafted here a worldly-wise and very funny script
has crafted here a worldly-wise and very funny script .
has created a beautiful canvas
has created a predictably efficient piece of business notable largely for its overwhelming creepiness , for an eagerness to create images you wish you had n't seen , which , in this day and age , is of course the point
the humor aspects of ` jason x ' were far more entertaining than i had expected
Director-writer Bille August ... depicts this relationship with economical grace , letting his superb actors convey Martin 's deterioration and Barbara 's sadness -- and , occasionally
Director-writer Bille August ... depicts this relationship with economical grace , letting his superb actors convey Martin 's deterioration and Barbara 's sadness -- and , occasionally ,
Directors Brett Morgen and Nanette Burstein have put together a bold biographical fantasia .
builds up to its insanely staged ballroom scene , in which 3000 actors appear in full regalia
built for controversy
reaffirms life as it looks in the face of death
Miller 's film is one of 2002 's involvingly adult surprises .
Michael Gerbosi 's script is economically packed with telling scenes .
of the material as well as the integrity of the filmmakers
Takes you by the face ,
Takes you by the face , strokes your cheeks
Takes a simple premise and carries it to unexpected heights .
Takes you by the face
Takes a fresh and absorbing look at a figure whose legacy had begun to bronze
of the most haunting , viciously honest coming-of-age films
a suburban architect
of the most haunting , viciously honest coming-of-age films in recent memory .
a stylish exercise in revisionism whose point
a stylish exercise
stops shy of overkill
strikes a rewarding balance between emotion
of the most important stories
struck a responsive chord
of the most ingenious and entertaining
rousing success
of the most significant moviegoing pleasures
of the most significant moviegoing pleasures of the year .
time to let your hair down --
playful but highly studied and
playful but highly studied and dependent for its success on a patient viewer
playful and
playful and haunting
playful but highly studied
playful Iranian parable
eardrum-dicing gunplay , screeching-metal smashups ,
bring fresh good looks and an ease in front of the camera
bring fresh
bring a fresh , quirky charm
brilliantly shines on all the characters , as the direction is intelligently accomplished .
brilliantly employ their quirky and fearless ability to look American angst in the eye and end up laughing .
brilliantly employ their quirky and fearless ability to look American angst in the eye and end up laughing
bring fresh good looks and an ease in front of the camera to the work .
bring fresh good looks and an ease in front of the camera to the work
Rich in shadowy metaphor
should keep you reasonably entertained
should keep you reasonably entertained .
look at the French Revolution through the eyes of aristocrats .
gives us a reason to care about them
which is immaculately produced
worthwhile themes
unsettlingly realistic
that , by the time the credits roll across the pat ending , a warm , fuzzy feeling prevails
that , like Shiner 's organizing of the big fight , pulls off enough
that 's what makes it worth a recommendation
that 's very different from our own and yet instantly recognizable
A great ensemble cast
as a workable primer for the region 's recent history
as an abstract Frank Tashlin comedy and as a playful recapitulation of the artist 's career
as an articulate , grown-up voice in African-American cinema
oportunidad de cultura ( aunque sea condensada ) que bien vale la pena aprovechar
opportunity to observe the inequities in the death penalty , not just the inherent immorality
actorly existential despair than for its boundary-hopping formal innovations and glimpse into another kind of Chinese
restoring the luster of the National Lampoon film franchise , too long reduced to direct-to-video irrelevancy
return to a sane regimen of eating , sleeping and stress-reducing contemplation
return to form that can comfortably sit among Jean-Luc Godard 's finest work
This humbling little film , fueled by the light comedic work of Zhao Benshan and the delicate ways of Dong Jie
This humbling little film ,
benefits from serendipity but also reminds us of our own responsibility to question what is told as the truth .
benefits from serendipity
benefits from having a real writer plot out all of the characters ' moves and overlapping story .
benefits from serendipity but also reminds us of our own responsibility to question what is told as the truth
benefits from serendipity but
benefit enormously from the Cockettes ' camera craziness --
benefits from having a real writer plot out all of the characters ' moves and overlapping story
benefit enormously from the Cockettes ' camera craziness -- not only did they film performances
Not a bad journey at all .
Not a cozy or ingratiating work , but it 's challenging , sometimes clever , and always interesting
Not a cozy or ingratiating work , but it 's challenging , sometimes clever , and always interesting , and those are reasons enough to see it .
regards Reign of Fire with awe . What a vast enterprise has been marshaled in the service of such a minute idea .
skillful
skillful little horror film
skillful little horror film .
filmed the opera exactly as the libretto directs , ideally capturing the opera 's drama and lyricism
charming quirks
charming than in About a Boy
charming in comedies like American Pie and
charming in comedies like American Pie and dead-on in Election
a cozy or ingratiating
a cozy or ingratiating work
a crescendo that encompasses many more paths than we started with
well-made evocation
well-paced and
well-done film
well-executed
as you watch the movie , you 're too interested to care
teary-eyed original
tear their eyes away from the screen
tear their eyes away
voyeuristic spectacle
religious and romantic quests
remake of '' Big Deal on Madonna Street '' that 's a sly , amusing , laugh-filled little gem in which the ultimate '' Bellini '' begins to look like a '' real Kaputschnik
remains captivating throughout Michele 's religious and romantic quests
it intriguing , bizarre ,
it intriguing , bizarre , Dogma-like in spots - and quite truthful
about Babak Payami 's boldly quirky Iranian drama Secret Ballot ... a charming and evoking little ditty that manages to show the gentle and humane side of Middle Eastern world politics
Michel Piccoli 's moving performance is this films reason for being .
sheerly beautiful film
has the twinkling eyes , repressed smile and determined face needed to carry out a Dickensian hero .
has to be a few advantages to never growing old
plain old popcorn fun
told with sharp ears and eyes for the tenor of the times
Lovely and Amazing is Holofcener 's deep , uncompromising curtsy to women she knows , and very likely is .
Lovely and poignant
This tenth feature is a big deal , indeed -- at least the third-best , and maybe even a notch above the previous runner-up , Nicholas Meyer 's Star Trek VI : The Undiscovered Country .
would be hard-pressed to find a movie with a bigger , fatter heart than Barbershop .
This riveting World War II moral suspense story deals with the shadow side of American culture :
This story still seems timely and important .
This story still seems timely and important . And
This story still seems timely and important . And there 's an element of heartbreak to watching it now , with older and wiser eyes , because we know what will happen after Greene 's story ends
This story still seems timely and important . And there 's an element of heartbreak to watching it now , with older and wiser eyes , because we know what will happen after Greene 's story ends .
is truly gorgeous to behold .
is truly funny , playing a kind of Ghandi gone bad .
like Pinocchio
like Jimmy 's routines
is too savvy a filmmaker to let this morph into a typical romantic triangle .
like Lyne 's stolid remake of '' Lolita ''
to like
will please Eastwood 's loyal fans --
will please Eastwood 's loyal fans -- and
will please Eastwood 's loyal fans -- and suits the story , wherein our hero must ride roughshod over incompetent cops to get his man
will prefer this new version
will stand in future years as an eloquent memorial to the World Trade Center tragedy
will stand in future years as an eloquent memorial to the World Trade Center tragedy .
rank as three of the most multilayered and sympathetic female characters of the year . As each of them searches for their place in the world , Miller digs into their very minds to find an unblinking , flawed humanity .
rank with its worthy predecessors
warmly extend your arms and
It 's hard to quibble with a flick boasting this many genuine cackles ,
It 's hard to quibble with a flick boasting this many genuine cackles
It 's hard to quibble with a flick boasting this many genuine cackles , but
It 's hard to quibble with a flick boasting this many genuine cackles , but Notorious C . H . O . still feels like a promising work-in-progress .
no-nonsense authority
is intriguing , provocative stuff .
is interesting to witness the conflict from the Palestinian side
is interesting to see where one 's imagination will lead when given the opportunity
is intriguing , provocative stuff
is intriguing
the cinema 's memorable women
the cinematic canon
pokes fun at the democratic exercise while also examining its significance for those who take part
loved it
stays within the confines of a well-established genre .
loved on first sight and , even more important
leave the screen sizzling
leaves viewers
loved one
impression
impressive
impressed
's the sweet Cinderella story that `` Pretty Woman '' wanted to be .
labyrinthine
's the sweet Cinderella story that `` Pretty Woman '' wanted to be
Elegant , mannered and teasing
Elegant , mannered and teasing .
Elegant
Elegant ,
not infrequently breathtaking
A solid examination of the male midlife crisis
A solid examination
A solid piece
A solid examination of the male midlife crisis .
A solid and refined piece
A solid , spooky entertainment worthy of the price of a ticket .
A solid and refined piece of moviemaking imbued with passion and attitude .
A solid and refined piece of moviemaking
sports-movie triumph
Real Women may have many agendas , but it also will win you over , in a big way
love-struck
a story of dramatic enlightenment , the screenplay by Billy Ray and Terry George
builds to a crescendo that encompasses many more paths than we started with
builds gradually until you feel fully embraced by this gentle comedy
a stick
a stirring time at this beautifully drawn movie
a change in expression
demonstrates a great eye as a director
a sterling ensemble cast
in this summer 's new action film
in this simple , sweet and romantic comedy
in the utter cuteness of Stuart and Margolo
in the truest sense
Benefits from a strong performance from Zhao , but it 's Dong Jie 's face
to go to the movies to have fun
to have no problem flaunting her natural gifts
to have fun
to keep one glued to the screen
but it has just enough spice to keep it interesting .
but it has clearly been made with affection and care .
but it is a good stepping stone for director Sprecher .
but it held my interest from start to finish .
but it is also refreshing , disarming , and just outright enjoyable despite its ridiculousness .
but it jumps through the expected hoops with style and even some depth .
a fair amount of B-movie excitement
a fabric of complex ideas here , and
a fabric of complex ideas here ,
a fabric of complex ideas here , and feelings that profoundly deepen them
to perform entertaining tricks
to pass without reminding audiences that it 's only a movie
a fairly effective one at that
absorbing movie
traditionally structured
tragedy , bravery , political intrigue
Count on his movie to work at the back of your neck long after you leave the theater
tragic coming-of-age saga
winds up accomplishing neither in full , and leaves us feeling touched and amused by several moments and ideas ,
terrific role
terrific film
stay on the light , comic side of the issue , despite the difficulty of doing so when dealing with the destruction of property and , potentially , of life itself
stay positive
help from the screenplay ( proficient , but singularly cursory )
the importance of the man and the code merge
the impossibly long limbs and sweetly conspiratorial smile
the inclination to make the most sincere and artful movie in which Adam Sandler will probably ever appear
the incredible IMAX sound system
major pleasures
clear and reliable an authority
major pleasures from Portuguese master Manoel de Oliviera
Moore 's complex and important film is also , believe it or not , immensely entertaining , a David and Goliath story that 's still very much playing itself out .
clearly a manipulative film
clear-cut hero
Moore 's complex and important film
Minority Report delivers all that and a whole lot more
Minority Report delivers all that and a whole lot more .
make Gangster No . 1 a worthwhile moviegoing experience
resourceful amnesiac
found his groove
found his groove these days
hand it to director George Clooney for biting off such a big job the first time out
humor and heart and very talented young actors
humor and heart and
humor and heart
humor and eye-popping visuals
humor and eye-popping
humor and bite
humor , verve and fun
of the imagery in this chiaroscuro of madness and light
no larger point , and little social context
but completely
but as
strange , fleeting brew
adds enough quirky and satirical touches in the screenplay to keep the film entertaining
adds an almost constant mindset of suspense
is an accuracy of observation in the work of the director , Frank Novak , that keeps the film grounded in an undeniable social realism .
is an amusing joy ride , with some surprisingly violent moments .
is an amusing joy ride
is an amusing joy ride ,
is an enjoyable Big Movie
is an enjoyable Big Movie primarily
Well-done supernatural thriller with keen insights into parapsychological phenomena and the soulful nuances of the grieving process .
frothy ` date movie
right opening premise
feels authentic
far above the level of the usual maudlin disease movie
far above the level of the usual maudlin
feels authentic .
the wise , wizened visitor
I thought the relationships were wonderful , the comedy was funny ,
a quietly introspective portrait
as the film breaks your heart
as stimulating & heart-rate-raising as any James Bond thriller
make people laugh
The first Fatal Attraction
The final result makes for adequate entertainment
satire and childhood awakening
the right direction
to please others
Add yet another hat to a talented head , Clooney 's a good director .
Add yet another hat to a talented head
the richness
I said my ribcage did n't ache by the end of Kung Pow
I recommend it for its originality alone
I predict there will be plenty of female audience members drooling over Michael Idemoto as Michael
I might add -- slice of comedic bliss
I mean that as a compliment
a perfect performance that captures the innocence and budding demons within a wallflower
a perfect show
a perfect medium
a perfect performance
a performance that is masterly
a perfect show of respect to just one of those underrated professionals who deserve but rarely receive it
a perfectly acceptable widget
a persuasive
an acting bond that makes The Banger Sisters a fascinating character study with laughs to spare
an accessible introduction as well as some intelligent observations on the success of Bollywood
an absorbing look
an accessible introduction as well as
an accessible introduction
play out as a clever , charming tale
of Good Housekeeping 's unsavory characters and WWF mentality
of Good Stupid Fun
observation in the work of the director , Frank Novak , that keeps the film grounded in an undeniable social realism
all kinds of love
objective documentary
all astounding
all down
expresses our most basic emotions
exposé , the film ( at 80 minutes ) is actually quite entertaining .
This submarine drama earns the right to be favorably compared to Das Boot .
This seductive tease of a thriller gets the job done . It 's a scorcher .
This rich , bittersweet Israeli documentary , about the life of song-and-dance-man Pasach ` ke Burstein and his family , transcends ethnic lines .
all-time great apocalypse movies
there to give them a good time
possesses all the good intentions
possesses all the good intentions in the world
positive ( if tragic )
positive ( if tragic ) note
winning lead performances
wins you over
the way Chekhov is funny
of family drama and frenetic comedy .
fashioned a comedy with more laughs than many , no question
transcends the normal divisions between fiction and nonfiction film
transcends their predicament
transcendence
transcends culture and race
transcend its genre with a curiously stylized , quasi-Shakespearean portrait of pure misogynist evil
fascinating than the results
which is more than he has ever revealed before about the source of his spiritual survival
which is good news to anyone who 's fallen under the sweet , melancholy spell of this unique director 's previous films
fast , funny , and even touching
which means that Birthday Girl is the kind of quirkily appealing minor movie she might not make for a while
fast paced and suspenseful Argentinian thriller
to sell us on this twisted love story
Puccini 's famous love-jealousy
Pumpkin is definitely a unique modern fairytale .
Provide ( s ) nail-biting suspense and credible characters without relying on technology-of-the-moment technique or pretentious dialogue
Provide ( s ) nail-biting suspense and credible characters without relying on technology-of-the-moment technique or pretentious dialogue .
Best indie of the year , so far .
Best Friend ''
Bettany strut his stuff
Bertrand Tavernier 's
Bertrand Tavernier 's oft-brilliant Safe Conduct ( '' Laissez-passer '' )
to share the silver screen
leaving you with some laughs and a smile
Daily struggles and simple pleasures usurp the preaching message so that , by the time the credits roll across the pat ending , a warm , fuzzy feeling prevails .
Daily struggles and simple pleasures usurp the preaching message so that , by the time the credits roll across the pat ending , a warm , fuzzy feeling prevails
that tug at your heart in ways that utterly transcend gender
Damon brings the proper conviction to his role as ( Jason Bourne ) .
The movie is n't always easy to look at . But if it is indeed a duty of art to reflect life , than Leigh has created a masterful piece of artistry right here
The perfect film for those who like sick comedies that can be snide
story , character and comedy bits
leaves you intriguingly contemplative
The Master of Disguise is funny --
The Master of Disguise is funny
together familiar themes
together familiar themes of family , forgiveness and love
The principals in this cast are all fine , but
more fascinating -- being real -- than anything seen on Jerry Springer
for some major alterations
for that matter , Shrek )
riveting and handsomely
While The Isle is both preposterous and thoroughly misogynistic , its vistas are incredibly beautiful to look at .
While it would be easy to give Crush the new title of Two Weddings and a Funeral , it 's a far more thoughtful film than any slice of Hugh Grant whimsy .
rivals the top Japanese animations of recent vintage
Willams ' best screen
robust
one of the outstanding thrillers of recent years
one of the most entertaining Bonds in years
one of the most appealing movies ever made about an otherwise appalling , and downright creepy , subject -- a teenage boy in love with his stepmother
one of the more influential works of the ` Korean New Wave ' .
one of the more influential works of the ` Korean New Wave '
one of the more influential works
one of the great submarine stories
one of the great minds of our times interesting and accessible
starts slowly , but adrien brody in the title role
Poetic
Poetic ,
Poetic , heartbreaking
Poetic , heartbreaking .
Poetry in motion
Poignant and funny
Poignant and funny .
Achieves a sort of filmic epiphany that revels in the true potential of the medium
Absorbing and
Achieves a sort of filmic epiphany
All the performances are top notch and , once you get through the accents , All or Nothing becomes an emotional , though still positive , wrench of a sit
An absorbing ,
All the performances are top notch and
All the performances are top notch and ,
stands out
An absorbing trip into the minds and motivations of people under stress as well as
The primitive force of this film seems to bubble up from the vast collective memory of the combatants .
The primitive force of this film
The pleasures that it does afford may be enough to keep many moviegoers
Brosnan 's finest non-Bondish performance
The pleasures that it does afford may be enough to keep many moviegoers occupied amidst some of the more serious-minded concerns of other year-end movies .
The piece plays as well as it does thanks in large measure to Anspaugh 's three lead actresses .
the way a good noir should
maintains a brisk pace as it races
of an engaging storyline , which also is n't embarrassed to make you reach for the tissues
The color sense of Stuart Little 2 is its most immediate and most obvious pleasure , but it would count for very little if the movie were n't as beautifully shaped and as delicately calibrated in tone as it is
The color sense of Stuart Little 2 is its most immediate and most obvious pleasure , but it would count for very little if the movie were n't as beautifully shaped and as delicately calibrated in tone as it is .
of extremely talented musicians
The closest thing to the experience of space travel
The color sense of Stuart Little 2 is its most immediate and most obvious pleasure ,
of explosive physical energy and convincing intelligence
The color sense of Stuart Little 2
wearing low-cut gowns
Good performances keep it from being a total rehash .
Goldbacher draws on an elegant visual sense and a talent for easy , seductive pacing ... but she and writing partner Laurence Coriat do n't manage an equally assured narrative coinage .
Goldbacher draws on an elegant visual sense and a talent for easy , seductive pacing ... but she and writing partner Laurence Coriat do n't manage an equally assured narrative coinage
Goldbacher draws on an elegant visual sense and a talent for easy , seductive pacing ... but
Goldbacher draws on an elegant visual sense and a talent for easy , seductive pacing ...
Michael Moore 's Bowling for Columbine rekindles the muckraking , soul-searching spirit of the ` Are we a sick society ? '
Mention `` Solaris '' five years from now and I 'm sure those who saw it will have an opinion to share .
Message movie or an action-packed submarine spectacular
Message movie or an action-packed submarine spectacular ?
it 's hard to figure the depth of these two literary figures , and even the times in which they lived . But they fascinate in their recklessness .
it 's hard to resist his enthusiasm , even if the filmmakers come up with nothing original in the way of slapstick sequences
it 's hard to stop watching
it 's his strongest performance since The Doors
it 's informative and breathtakingly spectacular
, Far From Heaven actually pulls off this stylistic juggling act .
, French director Anne Fontaine delivers an inspired portrait of male-ridden angst and the emotional blockage that accompanies this human condition
, Eight Legged Freaks is prime escapist fare .
, Girls Ca n't Swim represents an engaging and intimate first feature by a talented director to watch , and it 's a worthy entry in the French coming-of-age genre .
, I must report that the children of varying ages in my audience never coughed , fidgeted or romped up and down the aisles for bathroom breaks .
, Invincible shows he 's back in form , with an astoundingly rich film .
his body
allowed to build an uncommonly human character , an almost real-live girl complete with trouble and hope
all that and a whole lot more
all the perfect ingredients
all the perfect ingredients to more than satisfy your appetite
almost impossible not to be moved by the movie 's depiction of sacrifice and its stirring epilogue in post-Soviet Russia
stunning insight that crime does n't pay
elegante
uniquely
unique modern fairytale
flawless amounts of acting , direction , story and pace
makes up for as loosey-goosey , experimental entertainment .
makes the film a fuller experience ,
makes a strong case for the importance of the musicians
makes the film a fuller experience
makes complex politics
make for a mildly entertaining 77 minutes ,
make for a mildly entertaining 77 minutes
make its points
be the most comprehensive of these films and also strike closest to the truth
be the most comprehensive of these films
be overshadowed by some strong performances
be moved by the movie 's depiction of sacrifice and its stirring epilogue in post-Soviet Russia
be keeping an eye out for his next project
honest
honesty
honesty that is tragically rare in the depiction of young women in film
graced
's an opera movie for the buffs .
's an opera movie for the buffs
unadulterated thrills or genuine laughs
's an epic here
's an epic
's amusing enough while you watch it , offering fine acting moments and pungent insights into modern L . A .
so hilarious
is a diverting -- if predictable -- adventure suitable for a matinee ,
is a diverting -- if predictable -- adventure suitable for a matinee , with a message
is a far bigger , far more meaningful story than one in which little green men come to Earth for harvesting purposes
is a distinct rarity , and an event
is a distinct rarity , and an event .
is a fascinating film
is a fascinating film because there is no clear-cut hero and no all-out villain
the point is , you 'll laugh
` perfection
more worshipful
more worshipful than your random e ! true hollywood story
most addicted to film
most importantly
that will wear you out and make you misty even when you do n't
that wind-in-the-hair exhilarating
that will keep them guessing
that will thrill you , touch you and make you
that will enthrall the whole family
that will have viewers guessing just who 's being conned right up to the finale
that will capture the minds and hearts of many
and resourceful hero
and pasta-fagioli comedy
a little less bling-bling and a lot more romance
balance out
be fertile sources of humor
spontaneous
be ethereal
of Crudup 's anchoring performance
tap into the heartbeat of the world , a salute to the universal language of rhythm and a zippy sampling of sounds
for crimes against humanity
for fans of British cinema , if only because so many titans of the industry are along for the ride
for genre fans
for great cinema
A brutal and funny
A beautiful , entertaining two hours .
A blessed gift to film geeks and historians
A beautiful , entertaining two hours
Van Wilder does n't bring anything new to the proverbial table , but it does possess a coherence absent in recent crass-a-thons like Tomcats , Freddy Got Fingered , and Slackers
Vera 's technical prowess
tantalizes
tantalizes by offering a peep show into the lives of the era 's creme de la celluloid
winning performances
winning performances and a glossy , glib charm that 's hard to beat
wishing her the best -- whatever that might mean
nails all of Orlean 's themes without being a true adaptation of her book
a better vehicle
exploit his anger
exploit its gender politics , genre thrills or inherent humor
Sir Anthony Hopkins
Sit through this one
Sit through this one ,
short of wonderful with its ten-year-old female protagonist and its steadfast refusal to set up a dualistic battle between good and evil .
short of wonderful with its ten-year-old female protagonist and its steadfast refusal to set up a dualistic battle between good and evil
shot on digital video , whose tiny camera enables Shafer to navigate spaces both large ... and small ... with considerable aplomb
recommend Read My Lips
keep the movie slaloming through its hackneyed elements with enjoyable ease
quite the genre-busting film
quite the career peak
quite good-natured
quite funny
quite fun in places
Leave it to John Sayles to take on developers , the Chamber of Commerce , tourism , historical pageants ,
Leave it to John Sayles to take on developers , the Chamber of Commerce , tourism , historical pageants , and commercialism all in the same movie ... without neglecting character development for even one minute .
Leave it to John Sayles to take on developers , the Chamber of Commerce , tourism , historical pageants , and commercialism all in the same movie ... without neglecting character development for even one minute
Leave it to the French to truly capture the terrifying angst of the modern working man without turning the film into a cheap thriller , a dumb comedy or a sappy melodrama .
Leave it to the French to truly capture the terrifying angst of the modern working man without turning the film into a cheap thriller , a dumb comedy or a sappy melodrama
to hit all of its marks
to hit cable
the respect they
a passion for cinema , and indeed sex ,
a party worth attending
artistry
artistic brilliance
drop everything and run to Ichi
dropped me back in my seat with more emotional force than any other recent film
extraordinarily rich landscape
extraordinarily rich
extra points
extraordinary journalism
extraordinary film
extraordinary dramatic experience .
extraordinarily talented
beautiful to look at
extravagant
subtle and richly
However clever
Howard demonstrates a great eye as a director
It 's so good that its relentless , polished wit can withstand not only inept school productions , but even Oliver Parker 's movie adaptation .
, at least he provides a strong itch to explore more
, astonish and entertain
, beautiful scene
, at times sublime , visuals
, at times sublime ,
, besides its terrific performances , is Fontaine 's willingness to wander into the dark areas of parent-child relationships without flinching .
, beloved genres
the other three great , scary times at the movies
and how it can resonate far beyond museum walls and through to the most painfully marginal lives
and historians
the outstanding feature debut
because it is so incisive , so bleakly amusing about how we go about our lives
The film is impressive for the sights and sounds of the wondrous beats the world has to offer .
on , well , Love in the Time of Money
on Johnny Knoxville 's stomach
, they 're presented with a wry dark humor .
, they easily fill their scenes and , fine judges both , never overcook the hysteria .
, the startling optimism ,
, then illuminates it fully and allows the larger implications of the journey to sink in unobtrusively
, thematically instructive and thoroughly delightful
, they invariably shake up the formula and make it more interesting .
you are moved by the emotional tumult of ( François and Michèle 's ) relationship
has its share of clever moments and biting dialogue
more thorough transitions
is in the right place
is in the right place , his plea for democracy and civic action laudable .
is in the right place , his plea for democracy and civic action laudable
us ... is a man who uses the damage of war -- far more often than the warfare itself -- to create the kind of art shots that fill gallery shows
imagine Benigni 's Pinocchio becoming a Christmas perennial
imaginative as in the original
images even more haunting than those in Mr. Spielberg 's 1993 classic
its soul
warmth
` Anyone with a passion for cinema , and indeed sex , should see it as soon as possible . '
We can see the wheels turning , and
We can see the wheels turning , and we might resent it sometimes ,
We can see the wheels turning , and we might resent it sometimes , but this is still a nice little picture , made by bright and friendly souls with a lot of good cheer
Waydowntown is by no means a perfect film , but its boasts a huge charm factor and smacks of originality
low , smoky and inviting sizzle
low , smoky and inviting
Its mysteries are transparently obvious , and it 's too slowly paced to be a thriller . -LRB- But it 's -RRB- worth recommending because of two marvelous performances by Michael Caine and Brendan Fraser .
still pretty darned good
works and qualifies as cool at times
works and qualifies as cool at times , but
in the tradition
in the very top rank of French filmmakers
Presents a side of contemporary Chinese life that many outsiders will be surprised to know exists , and does so with an artistry that also smacks of revelation .
Producer John Penotti
Producer John Penotti surveyed high school students ... and came back with the astonishing revelation that '' they wanted to see something that did n't talk down to them . ''
, but entertaining enough at ` face value ' to recommend to anyone looking for something different .
is certainly easy to watch
of clever ideas and visual gags
of clever moments and biting dialogue
of cinema 's directorial giants
de cultura ( aunque sea condensada ) que bien vale la pena aprovechar
de la celluloid
de lo que es el cine de entretenimiento puro y sin complejos
to being exciting
feeds our senses with the chilling sights and sounds from within the camp to create a completely numbing experience .
feeds our senses with the chilling sights and sounds from within the camp to create a completely numbing experience
feeds our senses with the chilling sights
feel the heat that ignites this gripping tale , and the humor and humanity that root it in feeling
feel it has to prove anything
feel director Denis Villeneuve 's beating heart and the fondness he has for his characters
As an entertainment , the movie keeps you diverted and best of all , it lightens your wallet without leaving a sting .
the worthy successor to A Better Tomorrow and The Killer which they have been patiently waiting for
masters of both
masterpiece ' and ` triumph '
weirdly appealing
A finely tuned mood
A film with almost as many delights for adults as there are for children and dog lovers .
A film with almost as many
A film with a great premise but only a great premise .
A film that begins with the everyday lives of naval personnel in San Diego and ends with scenes so true and heartbreaking that tears welled up in my eyes both times I saw the film .
A film that begins with the everyday lives of naval personnel in San Diego and ends with scenes so true and heartbreaking that tears welled up in my eyes both times I
most of it given to children
that made Spy Kids a surprising winner with both adults and younger audiences
an unabashed sense of good old-fashioned escapism
an unabashedly romantic picture of a nation whose songs spring directly from the lives of the people
an unabashedly romantic picture
foul , freaky and funny
wedding sequence
... gives his best screen performance with an oddly winning portrayal of one of life 's ultimate losers .
, well-edited , well-directed , well-acted , bald
fresh dialogue
, well-acted , bald
, weirdly retro thriller
, violent and a bit exploitative but also nicely done , morally alert and street-smart
fresh and delightful
A gem of a movie .
A generous , inspiring film
oodles of style and substance
open-ended finale
or applaud his special effects
A funny and touching film that is gorgeously
A funny and touching film that is gorgeously acted by a British cast to rival Gosford Park 's .
A funny and well-contructed black comedy
A funny and well-contructed black comedy where the old adage '' be careful what
A funny and well-contructed black comedy where the old adage '' be careful what you wish for
A funny and well-contructed black comedy where the old adage '' be careful what you wish for '' is given a full workout .
A gem of a movie
better than the whole ( bizarre , funny , tragic - like love in New York )
the `` Saving Private Ryan '' battle scenes
is one of Mr . Chabrol 's subtlest works , but also one of his most uncanny
is one helluva singer .
is one helluva singer
is one carried by a strong sense of humanism
is one of the best actors there is
weaving themes among three strands which allow us to view events as if through a prism
the background -- a welcome step
the balance between the fantastic and the believable
it 's what makes their project so interesting
less than a new voice that deserves to be considered as a possible successor to the best European directors
a tradition-bound widow who is drawn into the exotic world of belly dancing
a tragic coming-of-age saga punctuated by bursts of animator Todd McFarlane 's superhero dystopia
legendary sitcom
weird , wonderful , and not necessarily for kids
, this has layered , well-developed characters and some surprises .
, this gender-bending comedy is generally quite funny .
, this deeply moving French drama develops a startling story that works both as a detailed personal portrait and as a rather frightening examination of modern times .
, this clever and very satisfying picture is more accurately Chabrolian .
, this film will attach a human face to all those little steaming cartons .
, this film 's heart is even more embracing than Monty , if only because it accepts nasty behavior and severe flaws as part of the human condition .
, this family film sequel is plenty of fun for all .
williams plays sy , another of his open-faced , smiling madmen , like the killer in insomnia . he does this so well you do n't have the slightest difficulty accepting him in the role
williams plays sy , another of his open-faced , smiling madmen , like the killer in insomnia . he does this so well you do n't have the slightest difficulty accepting him in the role .
williams plays sy , another of his open-faced , smiling madmen , like the killer in insomnia . he does this so well
williams
williams plays sy , another of his open-faced , smiling madmen , like the killer in insomnia
weird and wonderful
it sees those relationships , including that between the son and his wife , and the wife and the father , and between the two brothers , with incredible subtlety and acumen
it serves as a workable primer for the region 's recent history , and would make a terrific 10th-grade learning tool .
it revigorates the mind to see a feature that concentrates on people , a project in which the script and characters hold sway .
it required viewing in university computer science departments for years to come
us right into the center of that world
us riveted to our seats
us to hope that Nolan is poised to embark a major career as a commercial yet inventive filmmaker
used a little trimming -- 10 or 15 minutes could be cut and no one would notice -- but it 's a pleasurable trifle . The only pain you 'll feel as the credits roll is your stomach grumbling for some tasty grub
the film is a hilarious adventure
the film is , at its core , deeply pessimistic or quietly hopeful
the film is a hilarious adventure and I shamelessly enjoyed it .
the film is a hilarious adventure and I shamelessly enjoyed it
the film is a hilarious adventure and
human experience -- drama , conflict , tears and surprise -- that it transcends the normal divisions between fiction and nonfiction film
the film is also imbued with strong themes of familial ties and spirituality that are powerful and moving without stooping to base melodrama
the film is a pleasant enough dish .
with Morph , a cute alien creature who mimics everyone and everything around
wit and warmth than should be expected from any movie with a `` 2 '' at the end of its title .
it does elect to head off in its own direction
with Ben Stiller 's Zoolander , which I thought was rather clever
literally
emotionally satisfying
emotionally honest
emotionally satisfying exploration
the film in a very real and amusing give-and-take
convincing characters
conveys the passion , creativity , and fearlessness of one of Mexico 's most colorful and controversial artists -- a captivating drama that will speak to the nonconformist in us all .
conveys the passion , creativity , and fearlessness of one of Mexico 's most colorful and controversial artists -- a captivating drama that will speak to the nonconformist in us all
It 's crafty , energetic and smart -- the kid is sort of like a fourteen-year old Ferris Bueller
It 's crafty , energetic and smart -- the kid is sort of like a fourteen-year old Ferris Bueller .
than franchise possibilities
like stereotypical caretakers and moral teachers , instead
It 's both degrading and strangely liberating to see people working so hard at leading lives of sexy intrigue , only to be revealed by the dispassionate Gantz brothers as ordinary , pasty lumpen .
It 's bright , pristine style and bold colors make it as much fun as reading an oversized picture book before bedtime .
It 's crafty , energetic and smart --
paraphrase a line from another Dickens ' novel
's enough cool fun here to warm the hearts of animation enthusiasts of all ages .
's enough cool fun here to warm the hearts of animation enthusiasts of all ages
's encouraging to see a three-dimensional , average , middle-aged woman 's experience of self-discovery handled with such sensitivity
's even more remarkable
's entertaining enough and worth a look
The story itself it mostly told through on-camera interviews with several survivors , whose riveting memories are rendered with such clarity that it 's as if it all happened only yesterday .
The story itself it mostly told through on-camera interviews with several survivors , whose riveting memories are rendered with such clarity that it 's as if it all happened only yesterday
The strength
The story that emerges has elements of romance , tragedy and even silent-movie comedy .
dry humor and jarring shocks
dry humor and jarring shocks , plus
establishes a wonderfully creepy mood
establishes a wonderfully creepy mood .
establishes Sen as a filmmaker of considerable potential
establishes Sen as a filmmaker of considerable potential .
essentially an exceptionally well-written , well-edited , well-directed , well-acted , bald rip-off
essentially an exceptionally well-written , well-edited , well-directed , well-acted , bald rip-off of Aliens
Australian actor\/director John Polson and award-winning English cinematographer Giles Nuttgens make a terrific effort at disguising the obvious with energy and innovation .
Avary seems to care about
a great idea
a great movie in him
a great ending
a great eye
a great cast and a great idea
a great cast
a great cast and
a great subject
a great subject for a movie
E . T . is still a cinematic touchstone .
knows its classical music
By and large this is Mr . Kilmer 's movie , and it 's his strongest performance since The Doors
By and large this is Mr . Kilmer 's movie ,
By and large this is Mr . Kilmer 's movie
By surrounding us with hyper-artificiality , Haynes makes us see familiar issues , like racism and homophobia , in a fresh way .
By and large this is Mr . Kilmer 's movie , and it 's his strongest performance since The Doors .
By turns touching , raucously amusing , uncomfortable , and , yes , even sexy
By the end you ca n't help but feel ` stoked . '
real-life basis is , in fact , so interesting that no embellishment is
geared toward maximum comfort and familiarity
a pointed little chiller about the frightening seductiveness of new technology
a pointed little chiller
What `` Empire '' lacks in depth it makes up for with its heart .
What bubbles up out of John C. Walsh 's Pipe Dream is the distinct and very welcome sense of watching intelligent people making a movie
What a concept , what an idea , what a thrill ride .
What bubbles up out of John C. Walsh 's Pipe Dream is the distinct and very welcome sense of watching intelligent people making a movie they might actually want to watch .
that rare animal
that rare animal known as ' a perfect family film , ' because it 's about family
'll be left with the sensation of having just witnessed a great performance and , perhaps , give in to the urge to get on your feet and shake it .
'll be left with the sensation of having just witnessed a great performance and , perhaps , give in to the urge to get on your feet and shake it
'll be glad you went along for the ride
'em like that anymore
'll love this documentary
its charming quirks and
that it ca n't help but engage an audience
Kwan is a master of shadow , quietude , and room noise
Kwan is a master of shadow , quietude , and room noise ,
Kudos to the most enchanting film of the year .
Kwan 's unique directing style
sticking to the facts
still a lot of life in Hong Kong cinema
Quaid who anchors the film with his effortless performance and that trademark grin of his -- so perfect for a ballplayer
Quite simply , a joy to watch and -- especially -- to listen to
, originality and delight
still has the chops and drive to show how its done
seek and strike just the right tone
drama , conflict ,
drama , conflict , tears and surprise --
drama , conflict , tears and surprise
Ambitious
effortless , pleasurable , featherweight charm .
effortless , pleasurable , featherweight charm
effortless
spielberg 's picture is smarter and subtler than ( total recall and blade runner ) , although its plot may prove too convoluted for fun-seeking summer audiences
About as cutting-edge
, really good
to explore beyond the surfaces of her characters
to the energetic and always surprising performance
Successfully blended satire
Successfully
very good job
very funny but too concerned
very experienced
Stuart Little 2 manages sweetness largely without stickiness .
Studios
sweet home alabama is n't going to win any academy awards , but this date-night diversion will definitely win some hearts .
of frankness , civility and compassion
of fresh air
of genius
( Serry ) wants to blend politics and drama , an admirable ambition .
allows the mind to enter and accept another world
of good cheer
allows a gawky actor like Spall -- who could too easily become comic relief in any other film --
allows us to chuckle through the angst
allows us to be transported into the life of Wladyslaw Szpilman , who is not only a pianist , but a good human being .
allows us to be transported into the life of Wladyslaw Szpilman , who is not only a pianist , but a good human being
mixes in as much humor as pathos to take us on his sentimental journey of the heart
mixes in as much humor as pathos to take us on his sentimental journey of the heart .
hyperbolic beat-charged urban western
dreamlike
would be more at home on the small screen but for its stellar cast
sweetheart
-- but still quite tasty and inviting all the same
-- but not stereotyped
-- but it 's a pleasurable trifle .
-- and indeed it must -- then The Grey Zone is to be lauded for finding a new and ingenious angle .
of the
make it strangely magnetic
becalmed
make it interesting
make inspiring efforts
make his mark
lured in by Julia Roberts
This 90-minute postmodern voyage was more diverting and thought-provoking than I 'd expected it to be .
Thirteen Conversations About One Thing is a small gem .
This charming , thought-provoking New York fest
This charming , thought-provoking New York fest of life and love
This charming but slight tale
to the fierce grandeur of its sweeping battle scenes
really a true
work much better as a video installation in a museum , where viewers would be free to leave . Immediately
more emotional force than any other recent film
more emotional force
more down-home flavor
more diverting and thought-provoking
precision
precollegiate humor
predictably heartwarming
predictably heartwarming tale
is one of the outstanding thrillers of recent years
is one of the outstanding thrillers of recent years .
is one adapted - from-television movie that actually looks as if it belongs on the big screen
is one adapted - from-television movie that actually looks as if it belongs on the big screen .
is one film that 's truly deserving of its Oscar nomination
is one film that 's truly deserving of its Oscar nomination .
is now outselling the electric guitar ... ''
is often very funny
The plot is very clever , but
powerful work
sucking you in ... and making you sweat
sucking you in ...
a Hollywood film
a British cast
really good
clears the cynicism right out
clearly evident quality
cleaner , and deeper
clear-eyed chronicle
really have to salute writer-director Haneke ( he adapted Elfriede Jelinek 's novel ) for making a film that is n't nearly as graphic but much more powerful , brutally shocking and difficult to watch .
tells it so lovingly and films it so beautifully that I could n't help being captivated by it .
tells it so lovingly and films it so beautifully that I could n't help being captivated by it
tender and darkly comic
terrible beauty
its moments of swaggering camaraderie
its juxtaposition of overwrought existentialism and stomach-churning gore will have you forever on the verge of either cracking up or throwing up
about growing up that we do n't see often enough these days
aims to shock
worth seeing for Ambrose 's performance
will appeal to a mainstream American audience
will be comforted by the way it deals with big issues like death and destiny
will argue that it ranks with the best of Herzog 's works
will be comforted by the way it deals with big issues like death and destiny .
will be moved to the edge of their seats by the dynamic first act
Take nothing seriously and enjoy the ride .
probably also think that sequels can never capture the magic of the original .
probably will enjoy themselves .
probe questions of attraction and interdependence
unique , well-crafted psychological study
Take nothing seriously and enjoy the ride
Goes a long way on hedonistic gusto
is likely to find compelling
is like nothing we Westerners have seen before .
care about the truth
guilty fun to be had here . Chomp chomp
sweet-and-sour insider movie that film buffs will eat up like so much gelati
manages the dubious feat of turning one man 's triumph of will into everyman 's romance comedy
the cute frissons of discovery and humor between Chaplin and Kidman
Although What Time offers Tsai 's usual style and themes , it has a more colorful , more playful tone than his other films .
Although Frailty fits into a classic genre , in its script and execution it is a remarkably original work .
Although Olivier Assayas ' elegantly appointed period drama seems , at times , padded with incident in the way of a too-conscientious adaptation ... its three-hour running time plays closer to two .
Alternately hilarious and sad , aggravating and soulful
Alternately hilarious and sad , aggravating and
Alternately hilarious and sad , aggravating and soulful , scathing and joyous . It 's a masterpeice .
largely celebratory
know what to praise first
know precisely what to make of Steven Soderbergh 's Full Frontal , though that did n't stop me from enjoying much of it
realism , crisp storytelling and
with stunning animation
Another one of those estrogen overdose movies like '' Divine Secrets of the Ya Ya Sisterhood , '' except that the writing , acting and character development are a lot better .
The movie is n't just hilarious : It 's witty and inventive , too , and in hindsight , it is n't even all that dumb .
The movie is one of the best examples of artful Large Format filmmaking you are likely to see anytime soon .
The movie is well shot and very tragic , and one to ponder after the credits roll .
The movie stays afloat thanks to its hallucinatory production design .
The old-world - meets-new mesh is incarnated in the movie 's soundtrack , a joyful effusion of disco Bollywood that , by the end of Monsoon Wedding , sent my spirit soaring out of the theater .
with robert de niro for the tv-cops comedy showtime
See Scratch for the history , see Scratch for the music , see Scratch for a lesson in scratching , but , most of all , see it for the passion .
See it
Secret Ballot is a funny , puzzling movie ambiguous enough to be engaging and oddly moving .
Secretary is just too original to be ignored .
Secretary is not a movie about fetishism . It is a movie about passion .
Secretary manages a neat trick , bundling the flowers of perversity , comedy and romance into a strangely tempting bouquet of a movie .
Secretary takes the most unexpected material and handles it in the most unexpected way .
people can connect and express their love for each other
with a searing lead performance
own provocative theme
makes social commentary more palatable .
relies on subtle ironies and visual devices to convey point of view .
sparked by two actresses in their 50s working at the peak of their powers .
reliable
relies on more than special effects
relies on subtle ironies and visual devices
Meyjes ... has done his homework and soaked up some jazzy new revisionist theories about the origins of Nazi politics and aesthetics .
It 's stylishly directed with verve ...
It 's still a comic book , but Maguire makes it a comic book with soul .
It 's still a comic book , but Maguire makes it a comic book with soul
It 's still Adam Sandler , and it 's not Little Nicky . And for many of us , that 's good enough .
An ingenious and often harrowing
are entertaining and audacious moments
are enthralling
are fascinating
An hour and a half of joyful solo performance .
seem to keep upping the ante on each other , just as their characters do in the film . What results is the best performance from either in years .
seem to keep upping the ante on each other , just as their characters do in the film . What results is the best performance from either in years
seem to keep upping the ante on each other , just as their characters do in the film .
the familiar , funny surface
more plot
's the cute frissons of discovery and humor between Chaplin and Kidman that keep this nicely wound clock not just ticking , but humming
more of an impish divertissement of themes that interest Attal and Gainsbourg -- they live together -- the film has a lot of charm .
more outre aspects
glories
glides through on some solid performances and witty dialogue .
glides through on some solid performances and witty dialogue
're out there ! ''
An interesting story with a pertinent ( cinematically unique ) message
hefty anti-establishment message
It 's one of the most honest films ever made about Hollywood .
An interesting look behind the scenes of Chicago-based rock group Wilco ...
It 's hard not to be seduced by ( Witherspoon 's ) charisma , even in this run-of-the-mill vehicle , because this girl knows how to drive it to the max .
It 's like a poem .
be surprised at the variety of tones in Spielberg 's work
be swept away by the sheer beauty of his images
Beijing culture
be something really good
be something to behold
be spectacularly outrageous
Beautifully observed , miraculously unsentimental comedy-drama .
Beautifully observed
Beautifully
Beautiful
be the cat 's meow
be the end of the world
persuades you , with every scene
persuades you
the mind to see a feature that concentrates on people , a project in which the script and characters hold sway
the minds and hearts
the mind to enter and accept another world
the euphoria of growing up
the minds and hearts of many
` Film aficionados can not help but love Cinema Paradiso , whether the original version or new Director 's Cut . '
totally exemplify
, simple and soapy
, sidesplitting
, singing , and unforgettable characters
, shoot-em-up scene
adds a much needed moral weight
addressing the turn of the 20th century into the 21st
adds enough flourishes and freak-outs to make it entertaining
admirable reconstruction
admire the film 's stately nature
recommend Snow Dogs
recommend ''
recognizes the needs of moviegoers for real characters and compelling plots
sharp and quick documentary
sharp and quick
its diversions in grand , uncomplicated fashion
its director , Zhang Yang of Shower , as a boldly experimental , contemporary stylist with a bright future
cocky energy , his passion and class consciousness ; we need his shticks
cocky energy
Jeff 's ) gorgeous
Jeffs has created a breathtakingly assured and stylish work of spare dialogue and acute expressiveness .
Jean-Claude Van Damme look good
was a good , straightforward tale , but Time Out is better . It 's haunting .
lean and engaging
lean and engaging work
be shocked if there was actually one correct interpretation , but that should n't make the movie or the discussion any less enjoyable
brushes
brutal honesty and respect
brought off with considerable wit
new friends
sharp and
nevertheless works up a few scares
nevertheless works up a few scares .
new adaptation
epochs
epic struggle -- inner and outer -- that 's all too rare in Hollywood 's hastier productions
epic way
epic way , daring , inventive and refreshingly unusual
epiphany
enveloping the viewer in a literal and spiritual torpor that is anything but cathartic
epic documentary
epic struggle
An easy watch
An earnest , heartrending look at the divide between religious fundamentalists and their gay relatives
An earnest , heartrending look at the divide between religious fundamentalists and their gay relatives .
An earnest ,
you know it 's going to be a trip
An elegant film with often surprising twists and an intermingling of naiveté and sophistication
of over-the-top love
amazing finesse
amazing slapstick
of one of San Francisco 's most vital , if least widely recognized , creative fountainheads .
of one of San Francisco 's most vital , if least widely recognized , creative fountainheads
amazing film work
Twenty years later , Reggio still knows how to make a point with poetic imagery
Like most of Jaglom 's films , some of it is honestly affecting , but
those movies that catches you up in something bigger than yourself
passionate , tumultuous affair
of those contrived , only-in
more accomplished
passion and energy
Daring ,
more by intellect than heart
the film 's crisp , unaffected style and air of gentle longing make it unexpectedly rewarding
the film 's considerable charm that it succeeds in entertaining , despite playing out like a feature-length sitcom replete with stereotypical familial quandaries
the film 's cheeky charm
the film 's crisp , unaffected style and
the film 's crisp , unaffected style
the film 's creepy , scary effectiveness
see '' blue crush
Alfred Hitchcock 's imaginative flight
marked by acute writing and a host of splendid performances .
marked by acute writing and a host of splendid performances
seem genuine rather than pandering
marks a return to form for director Peter Bogdanovich
just might turn on many people to opera , in general
just one of those underrated professionals who deserve but rarely receive it
it is easy to take this film at face value and enjoy its slightly humorous and tender story
just right
that tackles any number of fascinating issues
that so often end up on cinema screens
delivers its share of laughs and
an acting bond
an acting bond that makes the banger sisters a fascinating character study with laughs to spare
an actress
strong piece of work
strong piece
strong and unforced
strong , measured work
strong and unforced supporting cast
strong erotic
strong arguments regarding the social status of America 's indigenous people
strong finish
delivers a solid mixture of sweetness and
breezy , diverting , conventional , well-acted tale
impeccable pedigree , mongrel pep
impeccable comic timing , raffish charm and piercing intellect
jump out of our seats
true emotional connection or identification frustratingly
true and heartbreaking
true ` epic '
immersed
impeccable comic timing ,
popular
pops Nathan Lane
popular and powerful in this high-tech age , speaking its truths with spellbinding imagery and the entrancing music of Philip Glass
popular and powerful
pops
the occasional belly laugh
population
Not for everyone , but for those with whom it will connect , it 's a nice departure from standard moviegoing fare .
Occasionally melodramatic , it 's also extremely effective .
comprehend it
A delicious , quirky movie with a terrific screenplay and fanciful direction by Michael Gondry .
A delightful coming-of-age story .
A delightful stimulus
A delightful stimulus for the optic nerves
A delectable and intriguing thriller filled with surprises , Read My Lips is an original . This is a story of two misfits who do n't stand a chance alone , but together they are magnificent
A delicious , quirky movie
A delicious , quirky movie with a terrific screenplay and fanciful direction
A delicious , quirky movie with a terrific screenplay and fanciful direction by Michael Gondry
A delightful stimulus for the optic nerves , so much that it 's forgivable that the plot feels like every other tale of a totalitarian tomorrow .
A delirious celebration of the female orgasm
made nature film and a tribute
the film sits with square conviction
only improves on it , with terrific computer graphics , inventive action sequences and a droll sense of humor
only self-aware neurotics engage in
're looking for a tale of Brits behaving badly , watch Snatch again .
another 's fortune
anime magic
Yes , but also intriguing and honorable ,
Ya-Ya 's
Yakusho , as always , is wonderful as the long-faced sad sack ...
Yakusho , as always , is wonderful as the long-faced sad sack ... and
also shows how deeply felt emotions can draw people together across the walls that might otherwise separate them .
close look
clever and captivating romantic comedy
also are homages to a classic low-budget film noir movie .
also happens to be the movie 's most admirable quality
also intriguing and honorable ,
also nicely done
also refreshingly literary
also shows how deeply felt emotions can draw people together across the walls that might otherwise separate them
developed
detailing the politics involved in the creation of an extraordinary piece of music
touching occasion
stands a good chance of being the big hit franklin
hit the entertainment bull 's - eye
Greg Coolidge . These are names to remember
the actresses in the lead roles are all more than competent
Frailty fits into a classic genre , in its script and execution
Frailty '' leaves us with the terrifying message that the real horror may be waiting for us at home
Foster breathes life into a roll that could have otherwise been bland and run of the mill .
Foster and Whitaker are especially fine . She is a lioness , protecting her cub , and he a reluctant villain , incapable of controlling his crew .
Foster and Whitaker are especially fine .
to justify a film
this is such a high-energy movie where the drumming and the marching are so excellent , who cares if the story 's a little weak .
with the best of Herzog 's works
with the affable cast
with telling scenes
technically sumptuous
technical achievement
tear your eyes away from the images
Roman Coppola may never become the filmmaker his Dad was , but heck -- few filmmakers will .
Renner 's performance as Dahmer is unforgettable , deeply absorbing .
rated EEE for excitement
Roman Coppola may never become the filmmaker his Dad was , but heck -- few filmmakers will . But based on CQ , I 'll certainly be keeping an eye out for his next project .
breathes more on the big screen
breathes more
breaking new ground
the original New Testament stories so compelling
forcefully told , with superb performances throughout
forced to reflect that its visual imagination is breathtaking
force himself on people and into situations that would make lesser men run for cover
the fans are often funny fanatics
the fat
the fast , funny
this is such a high-energy movie where the drumming and the marching are so excellent , who cares if the story 's a little weak
stands , despite its noticeable lack of emotional heft
this is one of the year 's best films .
stand up and
spellbinding imagery and
spiced with wry humor and genuine pathos , especially
offers the most succinct review of it you 'll read anywhere
classic Disney adaptation
classic '
truly is life affirming
ms . seigner and mr . serrault bring fresh , unforced naturalism to their characters .
ms . seigner and mr . serrault bring fresh , unforced naturalism to their characters
moving along at a brisk , amusing pace
There 's ... tremendous energy from the cast , a sense of playfulness and excitement that seems appropriate .
Their computer-animated faces are very expressive
Theirs is a simple and heart-warming story , full of mirth that should charm all but the most cynical .
a chocolate
giant spider invasion comic chiller
but it 's a pleasurable trifle
but because of the startling intimacy
giddy and provocative sexual
She 's all-powerful , a voice for a pop-cyber culture that feeds on her Bjorkness .
She is a lioness , protecting her cub , and he a reluctant villain , incapable of controlling his crew .
She boxes these women 's souls right open for us .
these two 20th-century footnotes
these people mattered
these women are spectacular
has all the elements necessary
has all the elements necessary to be a fascinating , involving character study
has all the elements necessary to be a fascinating , involving character study ,
has all the elements necessary to be a fascinating , involving character study , but
has all the elements necessary to be a fascinating , involving character study , but never does more than
a favorite
is that it truly is romance
is so earnest that it 's hard to resist his pleas to spare wildlife and respect their environs
is still able to create an engaging story that keeps you guessing at almost every turn
conquers
conquer all kinds of obstacles , whether they be of nature , of man or of one another
conquer all kinds of obstacles ,
conquer all kinds of obstacles
and - relationship study he 's favored for decades
undercuts the joie de vivre even as he creates it , giving the movie a mournful undercurrent that places the good-time shenanigans in welcome perspective .
a heartfelt story
Charlotte Sometimes is a brilliant movie .
Charlie Hunnam has the twinkling eyes , repressed smile and determined face needed to carry out a Dickensian hero .
an original and highly cerebral examination of the psychopathic mind
an original idea
an original idea for a teen movie
an original and highly cerebral examination
the new scenes interesting
of human frailty fascinates
of his top-notch creative team
the most comprehensive
the most comprehensive of these films
If it tried to do anything more , it would fail and perhaps explode , but at this level of manic whimsy , it is just about right .
If the '70 's were your idea of a good time at the movies
If it seems like a minor miracle that its septuagenarian star is young enough to be the nonagenarian filmmaker 's son , more incredible
If it seems like a minor miracle that its septuagenarian star is young enough to be the nonagenarian filmmaker 's son , more incredible still are the clear-eyed boldness and quiet irony with which actor and director take on life 's urgent questions .
as rewarding
as pure composition and form --
as possibly the best actor working in movies today
as perfect as his outstanding performance as Bond in Die
honor the many faceless victims
remembrance
considering Barry 's terrific performance
considerable skill and determination ,
considerable skill and determination , backed by sheer nerve
haunting literary detective story
have a distinct flair . His warriors collide in balletic explosion that implies an underlying order throughout the chaos
have a distinct flair . His warriors collide in balletic explosion that implies an underlying order throughout the chaos .
consistently funny . And educational !
the best script that Besson has written in years
profesores
like a nail-biting thriller
thing 's
More than makes up for its mawkish posing by offering rousing spates of genuine feeling .
More honest about Alzheimer 's disease
More honest about Alzheimer 's disease , I think , than Iris .
Monty Python 's
An amusing and unexpectedly insightful examination of sexual jealousy , resentment and the fine
An amusing and unexpectedly insightful examination
An ambitious movie that , like Shiner 's organizing of the big fight , pulls off enough of its effects to make up for the ones that do n't come off .
An ambitious movie that , like Shiner 's organizing of the big fight , pulls off enough of its effects to make up for the ones that do n't come off
An average kid-empowerment fantasy with slightly above-average brains .
An average kid-empowerment fantasy with slightly above-average brains
An amusing and unexpectedly insightful examination of sexual jealousy , resentment and the fine line between passion and pretence .
An awfully good , achingly human picture .
An awfully good , achingly human picture
American and European cinema has amassed a vast Holocaust literature ,
American action-adventure buffs
fights a good fight on behalf of the world 's endangered reefs
fights a good fight
figures out how to make us share their enthusiasm .
figures out how to make us share their enthusiasm
original in form
as exciting
is someone you want to see again
is so single-mindedly daring
is so refreshing to see Robin Williams turn 180 degrees from the string of insultingly innocuous and sappy fiascoes he 's been making for the last several years .
is so much in the right place it is difficult to get really peeved at it
a flashy editing style
a finely written ,
a finely written , superbly acted offbeat thriller
a fine job of updating White 's dry wit to a new age
a finely written
a fine character study that 's short on plot but rich in the tiny revelations of real life
originality , wit
originality , wit , or intelligence
the most appealing movies ever made about an otherwise appalling , and downright creepy , subject -- a teenage boy in love with his stepmother
originality , wit , or
about the startling transformation of a tradition-bound widow who is drawn into the exotic world of belly dancing
replete with dazzling camera-work , dancing and music
a joint promotion
a joint promotion for the National Basketball Association and
a jaunt down memory lane for teens and young adults who grew up on televised Scooby-Doo shows or reruns
a job well done
does have a heart .
does mark Ms. Bullock 's best work in some time
a key strength
does have a heart
candid ,
` Barbershop ' shows he 's on his way
undeniably fascinating and playful fellow
spooky and subtly
sporadic dips
spot the culprit early-on
trek to the ` plex predisposed to like it
tremendous , offbeat sense
to appreciate the wonderful cinematography and naturalistic acting
the unconditional love she seeks
, so sit back , relax and have a few laughs while the little ones get a fuzzy treat . '
the ultimate exercise in viewing deleted scenes
has finally found the right vent ( accurate
has done the nearly impossible .
has fashioned a comedy with more laughs than many , no question
has far more energy , wit and warmth than should be expected from any movie with a `` 2 '' at the end of its title .
has created a masterful piece of artistry right here .
has done the nearly impossible
actually pretty good .
actually pretty good
actually means to face your fears
actually makes the heart soar
actually clicks .
an idea of the film 's creepy , scary effectiveness
an idea of expectation
new ground
of a really solid Woody Allen film
new insight
was subtle and mystifying in the novella
The film offers an intriguing what-if premise .
The film is visually dazzling , the depicted events dramatic , funny and poignant .
The film may appear naked in its narrative form ... but it goes deeper than that , to fundamental choices that include the complexity of the Catholic doctrine
watch Robert DeNiro belt out
The film sounds like the stuff of lurid melodrama , but what makes it interesting as a character study is the fact that the story is told from Paul 's perspective
The film sounds like the stuff of lurid melodrama , but what makes it interesting as a character study is the fact that the story is told from Paul 's perspective .
See it now ,
Seeing Seinfeld at home as he watches his own appearance on Letterman with a clinical eye
Seeing Seinfeld at home
satisfies -- from its ripe recipe , inspiring ingredients , certified
adults . The characters are interesting and often very creatively constructed from figure to backstory
adroitly minimalist movie
Soldiers ultimately achieves its main strategic objective : dramatizing the human cost of the conflict that came to define a generation .
So purely enjoyable that you might not even notice it 's a fairly straightforward remake of Hollywood comedies such as Father of the Bride .
Smith is careful not to make fun of these curious owners of architectural oddities . Instead , he shows them the respect they are due .
Far From Heaven is a dazzling conceptual feat , but more than that , it 's a work of enthralling drama
Far From Heaven is a dazzling conceptual feat , but more than that , it 's a work of enthralling drama .
Far From Heaven is a dazzling conceptual feat ,
Far From Heaven is a dazzling conceptual feat , but
was impressed by how many tit-for-tat retaliatory responses the filmmakers allow before pulling the plug on the conspirators and averting an American-Russian Armageddon
was more diverting and thought-provoking than I 'd expected it to be .
is look radiant , grimly purposeful and mildly alarmed while forcing open doors , wielding wrenches and fleeing monsters
is magically
who are alternately touching and funny
relaxing around old friends
supremely hopeful cautionary tale
sure is funny
superior ''
supremely hopeful
is the one
its characterization of Hitler and the contrived nature of its provocative conclusion
its celeb-strewn backdrop well used
It 's absolutely spooky how Lillard channels the Shagster right down to the original Casey Kasem-furnished voice .
It 's also , clearly , great fun .
It 's a refreshing change from the self-interest and paranoia that shape most American representations of Castro .
It 's a lovely film with lovely performances by Buy and Accorsi .
It 's a much more emotional journey than what Shyamalan has given us in his past two movies
and intermittently hilarious
Its direction , its script
It wo n't bust your gut -- and it 's not intended to -- it 's merely a blandly cinematic surgical examination of what makes a joke a joke
It wo n't bust your gut -- and it 's not intended to --
works better than its predecessors is that Myers is no longer simply spoofing the mini-mod-madness of '60s spy movies .
works better than its predecessors is that Myers is no longer simply spoofing the mini-mod-madness of '60s spy movies
by the simplicity of the storytelling and the authenticity of the performances
by the powerful work of his co-stars
by the end of Monsoon Wedding , sent my spirit soaring out of the theater
by providing good , lively company .
by the deeply appealing veteran Bouquet and the chilling but quite human Berling
felt and vividly detailed story about newcomers in a strange new world
cantet perfectly captures the hotel lobbies , two-lane highways , and roadside cafes that permeate vincent 's days
captivating
captivating as the rowdy participants think it is
captured
felt and vividly detailed story about newcomers in a strange new world .
and in the best way
told well by a master
told well by a master storyteller
told in earnest strides
told well
appeal to Asian cult cinema fans and Asiaphiles interested to see what all the fuss is about
appeal to Asian cult cinema fans
an often intense character study about fathers
an objective documentary
an often intense character study
an offbeat treat that pokes fun at the democratic exercise while also examining its significance for those who take part
told with an appropriate minimum of means .
heightened reality
meaty plot
the real turns magical
the record of a tenacious , humane fighter who was also the prisoner ( and ultimately the victim ) of history
the reason for that is a self-aware , often self-mocking , intelligence
unlike so many other Hollywood movies of its ilk , it offers hope
unlike last year 's lame Musketeer , this Dumas adaptation entertains
remains vividly in memory
Cinematic pratfalls given a working over . The cast is spot on and the mood is laid back .
Cinema Paradiso stands as one of the great films about movie love .
Christian-themed fun
Christian parents
The director knows how to apply textural gloss ,
are the two best adjectives to describe Ghost Ship
shot , expertly cast
gives its subject a movie worthy of his talents
has a strong message about never giving up on a loved one
' begins and ends with scenes so terrifying I 'm still stunned . And I 've decided to leave a light on every night from now on .
' ( The Cockettes ) provides a window into a subculture hell-bent on expressing itself in every way imaginable . '
has a real filmmaker 's eye
fly at such a furiously funny pace that the only rip off that we were aware of
has a strong dramatic and emotional pull that gradually sneaks up on the audience
most striking
most striking about this largely celebratory film
most thought-provoking
most thought-provoking film
mostly the humor is of the sweet , gentle and occasionally cloying kind that has become an Iranian specialty
A winning comedy with its wry observations about long-lived friendships and the ways in which we all lose track of ourselves by trying to please others .
A winning comedy with its wry observations about long-lived friendships and the ways in which we all lose track of ourselves by trying to please others
A wonderful , ghastly film .
A wonderful , ghastly film
A witty , low-key romantic comedy .
A witty , low-key romantic comedy
gives Erika a persona that is so intriguing that you find yourself staring hypnotically at her , trying to understand her and wondering if she 'll crack .
nonetheless compulsively watchable
bring their characters to life . A little melodramatic , but with enough hope to keep you engaged
bring their characters to life . A little melodramatic , but with enough hope to keep you engaged .
bring new energy to the familiar topic of office politics
bring new energy to the familiar topic of office politics .
bring new energy
bring their characters to life . A little melodramatic , but with enough hope
bring off
bring off this wild Welsh whimsy
, colorful , semimusical
, comfortable
, compelling story
, compressed characterisations and for its profound humanity
naturally charming
a wry dark humor
a worthy follow-up
a worthy companion to the many fine , focused films emerging from that most surprising of nations
a zippy sampling of sounds
a zippy sampling
also like its hero , it remains brightly optimistic , coming through in the end
also nice
also happens to be good
also is more fully an example of the kind of lush , all-enveloping movie experience it rhapsodizes
's more enjoyable than I expected , though
a new treasure of the Hermitage
's more enjoyable than I expected
's more enjoyable than I expected ,
a new favorite musical
do n't know precisely what to make of Steven Soderbergh 's Full Frontal , though that did n't stop me from enjoying much of it .
do n't know precisely what to make of Steven Soderbergh 's Full Frontal , though that did n't stop me from enjoying much of it
does a good job here of working against her natural likability .
natural , even-flowing tone
Kissing Jessica Stein is one of the greatest date movies in years .
that will touch the hearts of both children and adults , as well as bring audiences to the edge of their seats .
that will , hopefully , be remembered as one of the most important stories to be told in Australia 's film history
that will resonate with singles of many ages
that will touch the hearts of both children and adults , as well as bring audiences to the edge of their seats
a superior horror flick
a supremely kittenish performance
a superior crime movie
a summer of event movies than a spy thriller like The Bourne Identity that 's packed with just as much intelligence as action
a successful example
a successful example of the lovable-loser protagonist
, fine music never heard
The movie certainly has its share of clever moments and biting dialogue
You 've already seen City by the Sea under a variety of titles , but it 's worth yet another visit
You 've already seen City by the Sea under a variety of titles , but it 's worth yet another visit .
You can fire a torpedo through some of Clancy 's holes , and the scripters do n't deserve any Oscars . But the nerve-raked acting , the crackle of lines , the impressive stagings of hardware , make for some robust and scary entertainment
A pleasant ramble through the sort of idoosyncratic terrain that Errol Morris has often dealt with ... it does possess a loose , lackadaisical charm .
A pleasant ramble through the sort of idoosyncratic terrain that Errol Morris has often dealt with
A pleasant enough comedy that should have found a summer place .
A pleasant enough comedy that should have found a summer
A pleasant enough comedy
A pleasant
A picture that extols the virtues of comradeship and community in a spunky , spirited fashion .
A perverse little truffle , dainty psychological terror on the outside with a creamy filling of familial jealousy and unrepentant domestic psychopathy .
A pleasurably jacked-up piece
A pleasant romantic comedy .
( and beautifully edited )
( and beautifully edited
( and it does have some very funny sequences )
( and it does have some very funny sequences
or the emotional integrity of the performances
or show it to their own kids
or pristine forests
orgasm
A cross between Blow and Boyz N
a more graceful way of portraying the devastation of this disease
a more graceful way
a more fascinating
returns to his son 's home
revealing the human complexities
star performance
star script
star-power potential
star-power potential in this remarkable and memorable film
star-studded
stark , straightforward and deadly
felt performances
felt emotions can draw people together across the walls that might otherwise separate them
felt performances across the board .
fervid
Well-written
well shot
well shot and very tragic
It 's got its heart in the right place ,
the performances of their careers
his story so compellingly with us is a minor miracle
that paints a grand picture of an era and makes the journey feel like a party
that peculiar tension
Swimming gets the details right , from its promenade of barely clad bodies in Myrtle Beach , S.C. , to the adrenaline jolt of a sudden lunch rush at the diner .
Swept Away '
Sweet Home Alabama '' is what it is -- a nice , harmless date film ...
Surprisingly insightful
watching Huppert , a great actress tearing into a landmark role , is riveting
( haynes ' ) homage to such films as '' all that heaven allows '' and '' imitation of life '' transcends them . simply put , ''
A technically well-made suspenser
are so funny ,
are so funny
incisive and sensitive
incisive and
a distinguished and distinctive effort
a distinguished and distinctive effort by a bona-fide master , a fascinating film replete with rewards to be had by all willing to make the effort to reap them
a far more thoughtful film
a far more thoughtful film than any slice of Hugh Grant whimsy
a fascinating , albeit depressing view
a fascinating , albeit depressing view of Iranian rural life close to the Iraqi border
a fascinating film
a fascinating film replete with rewards to be had by all willing to make the effort to reap them
of making Kahlo 's art a living , breathing part of the movie , often catapulting the artist into her own work
bursts with a goofy energy previous Disney films only used for a few minutes here and there .
look and sound great
look as though they are having so much fun
bursts with a goofy energy previous Disney films only used for a few minutes here and there
original talent
originality to make it a great movie
originality , humour and pathos
bursting with incident
of those rare , exhilarating cinematic
exemplary
exemplary costumes
exciting and involving rock music doc
exciting and satisfying
exhilarating to watch because Sandler , liberated from the constraints of formula , reveals unexpected depths as an actor
exigencies
There is nothing outstanding about this film , but it is good enough and will likely be appreciated most by sailors and folks who know their way around a submarine .
There is nothing outstanding about this film , but it is good enough and will likely be appreciated most by sailors and folks who know their way around a submarine
There is a certain sense of experimentation and improvisation to this film that may not always work , but it is nevertheless compelling
There is a fabric of complex ideas here , and feelings that profoundly deepen them .
There is a certain sense of experimentation and improvisation to this film that may not always work , but it is nevertheless compelling .
There is a subversive element to this Disney cartoon , providing unexpected fizzability .
and healing
and host to some truly excellent sequences
of two young men in the prime of their talent
and introduces some intriguing ambiguity
to amuse even the most resolutely unreligious parents who escort their little ones to megaplex screenings
finds its humour
Visually striking
Visually striking and
Visually striking and viscerally repellent
Visually striking and viscerally repellent .
Viveka Seldahl and Sven Wollter will touch you to the core in a film you will never forget -- that you should never forget .
to entertain
to enjoy this colorful action farce
Vividly demonstrates that the director of such Hollywood blockbusters as Patriot Games can still turn out a small , personal film with an emotional wallop .
to engage us
to enjoy their eccentricities
to enjoy in a memorable ensemble piece
as well-written as Sexy Beast , not as gloriously flippant as Lock , Stock and Two Smoking Barrels ,
as well-written as Sexy Beast , not as gloriously flippant as Lock , Stock and Two Smoking Barrels , but
as well as one , Ms . Mirren , who did )
as well-written as Sexy Beast
as we know it would n't exist without the precedent of Yiddish theater , whose jolly , fun-for-fun 's - sake communal spirit goes to the essence of Broadway .
as well as a masterfully made one
the director 's talent
it 's apparent that this is one summer film that satisfies
it 's as good as you remember . In fact , even better .
holds its goodwill close
it 's an acquired taste that takes time to enjoy , but
it 's an acquired taste that takes time to enjoy , but it 's worth it , even if it does take 3 hours to get through
it 's an enjoyable trifle nonetheless
it 's also undeniably exceedingly clever
it 's an acquired taste that takes time to enjoy ,
of His best-known creation
Paul Bettany is cool . Paul Bettany playing Malcolm McDowell ? Cool .
Paul Bettany playing Malcolm McDowell ? Cool
Paul Grabowsky 's excellent music
Perfectly
Perfectly pitched between comedy and tragedy , hope and despair
Perfectly pitched between comedy and tragedy , hope and despair , About Schmidt instead comes far closer than many movies to expressing the way many of us live -- someplace between consuming self-absorption and insistently demanding otherness .
look like a masterpiece
A film of delicate interpersonal dances . Caine makes us watch as his character awakens to the notion that to be human is eventually to have to choose . It 's a sight to behold .
graphically illustrates the problems of fledgling democracies , but also the strength and sense of freedom the Iranian people already possess , with or without access to the ballot box .
gratitude
gratify anyone who has ever suspected Hollywood of being overrun by corrupt and hedonistic weasels
gravitational
gratuitous cinematic distractions
inspire the young people
inspire me
, and to the conflicted complexity of his characters
, and gently tedious in its comedy
, and fearlessness
, amusing study
, and among the best films of the year .
grab us
grace and eloquence
the novel
the nuances of the emotional development of the delicate characters
a submarine epic
a subject that could be mistaken for giving a public oration , rather than contributing to a film 's narrative
a subject that 's potentially moving
be incomprehensible to moviegoers not already clad in basic black
too easily
be interested in knowing any of them personally
the same sort of good-natured fun found in films like Tremors
the director runs with it and presents it with an unforgettable visual panache
too happy to argue much
be liked sometimes
how much they engage and even touch us
do n't have to add up to mesmerize you
if signs is a good film , and it is , the essence of a great one
if signs is a good film , and it is , the essence of a great one is in there somewhere
if signs is a good film , and it is , the essence of a great one is in there somewhere .
Most new movies have a bright sheen .
Most haunting about `` Fence '' is its conclusion , when we hear the ultimate fate of these girls and realize , much to our dismay , that this really did happen .
timely and important
tightly organized efficiency , numerous flashbacks and
of building to a laugh riot
a great job
a great job of anchoring the characters in the emotional realities of middle age
so meditative and lyrical
equal laughs
A virtual roller-coaster ride of glamour and sleaze
A visionary
with a cause
That Jack Nicholson makes this man so watchable is a tribute not only to his craft , but to his legend .
the kind of visual flair that shows what great cinema can really do
on his sentimental journey of the heart .
on his way to becoming the American Indian Spike Lee
profoundly deepen them
a glossy , rich green , environment
profoundly
proficiently enough to trounce its overly comfortable trappings
There is something that is so meditative and lyrical about Babak Payami 's boldly quirky Iranian drama Secret Ballot ... a charming and evoking little ditty that manages to show the gentle and humane side of Middle Eastern world politics
There is a real subject here , and
There is a general air of exuberance in All About The Benjamins that 's hard to resist .
There is a real subject here
There is simply no doubt that this film asks the right questions at the right time in the history of our country .
There is a real subject here , and it is handled with intelligence and care
There is a real subject here , and it is handled with intelligence and care .
despite some creepy scenes that evoke childish night terrors , and a praiseworthy attempt to generate suspense rather than gross out the audience
despite a definitely distinctive screen presence
bizarre , funny , tragic - like love
bizarre , funny , tragic - like love in New York
bizarre , funny , tragic - like love in New York )
bizarre curiosity
forgive any shoddy product as long as there 's a little girl-on-girl action
But never mind all that ; the boobs are fantasti
But mostly it 's a work that , with humor , warmth , and intelligence , captures a life interestingly lived .
to find the small , human moments
to finish , featuring a fall from grace that still leaves shockwaves
relaxing
funny stuff
funny stuff in this movie
funny thing
funny\/gritty
funny\/gritty fable of the humanizing of one woman
funny\/gritty fable of the humanizing of one woman at the hands of the unseen forces of fate
funnybone
is almost in a class with that of Wilde himself .
is almost in a class with that of Wilde himself
is almost in a class with that of Wilde
is also beautifully acted .
is also beautifully acted
is also a creative urge
is an accuracy of observation in the work of the director , Frank Novak , that keeps the film grounded in an undeniable social realism
is amusing
shticks
love the old stuff
love the big , dumb , happy movie My Big Fat Greek Wedding
loves
love with its own cleverness
A sweet , tender sermon about a 12-year-old Welsh boy more curious
A sweet , tender sermon about a 12-year-old Welsh boy more curious about God
looks to be having so much fun with the slapstick antics and silly street patois , tossing around obscure expressions like Bellini and Mullinski , that the compact 86 minutes breezes by .
looks to be having so much fun with the slapstick antics and silly street patois , tossing around obscure expressions like Bellini and Mullinski , that the compact 86 minutes breezes by
A surprisingly charming and even witty match for the best of Hollywood 's comic-book adaptations .
A surprisingly funny movie
A surprisingly funny movie .
A sweet , tender sermon
loving screen transferral
A surprisingly ` solid ' achievement by director Malcolm D . Lee and writer John Ridley .
A surprisingly charming and even witty match
A surprisingly charming and even witty match for the best of Hollywood 's comic-book
that we as Americans , and human beings , should know
from a scene where Santa gives gifts to grownups
everything Kieslowski 's work aspired to , including the condition of art
a relationship that is worthy of our respect
's not thirsty , consuming passion which drives this movie .
's not thirsty , consuming passion which drives this movie
the inner rhythms of love and jealousy and sacrifice
the characters make Italian for Beginners worth the journey
easy to like
eat up
she 's pretty and she can act --
she 's pretty and she can act
she 's pretty and
she 's pretty
sharp movie
she 's already comfortable enough in her own skin to be proud of her Rubenesque physique
Occasionally funny
is amused by its special effects
I do n't think most of the people who loved the 1989 Paradiso will prefer this new version . But I do .
I do n't know if Frailty will turn Bill Paxton into an A-list director , but he can rest contentedly with the knowledge that he 's made at least one damn fine horror movie .
I do n't think most of the people who loved the 1989 Paradiso will prefer this new version . But I do
I do n't know if Frailty will turn Bill Paxton into an A-list director , but
I do n't know if Frailty will turn Bill Paxton into an A-list director , but he can rest contentedly with the knowledge that he 's made at least one damn fine horror movie
blessedly curse-free --
blessedly
blind good will
a freedom
a generous cast
Somewhere in the middle , the film compels , as Demme experiments
Sometimes we feel as if the film careens from one colorful event to another without respite , but sometimes it must have seemed to Frida Kahlo as if her life did , too
Sade achieves the near-impossible :
Sade achieves the near-impossible
It 's a masterpeice .
It 's a great performance and a reminder of Dickens ' grandeur .
It 's a quirky , off-beat project .
It 's a glorious spectacle like those D.W. Griffith made in the early days of silent film .
It 's a funny little movie with clever dialogue and likeable characters .
you 're likely to have one helluva time at the movies
you 're gonna like this movie .
the film 's considered approach
refuses to let Slackers be seen as just another teen movie , which means he can be forgiven for frequently pandering to fans of the gross-out comedy .
the intellectual and emotional impact
's better than The Phantom Menace
's best films , '' Erin Brockovich , ''
this white trash War of the Roses is a surprisingly engaging film .
's better than The Phantom Menace .
the best of Godard 's movies
less mature
as a historical study and as a tragic love story
as a landmark in film history
as a high concept vehicle for two bright stars of the moment who can rise to fans ' lofty expectations
as a high concept vehicle for two bright stars of the moment who can rise to fans ' lofty expectations , the movie passes inspection
as a masterfully made one
between passion and pretence
innovative
bewilderingly brilliant
innovative backgrounds
human foibles , not afraid to lay her life bare in front of an audience
humankind 's liberating ability
take it
take on the soullessness of work
uses humour
visually polished ,
visually polished , a little funnier ,
visually polished , a little funnier
too good to be bad
too fancy , not too filling , not too fluffy , but definitely tasty and sweet
glides gracefully from male persona to female without missing a beat . Ben Kingsley is truly funny , playing a kind of Ghandi gone bad .
vaunted empathy
is much more terrifying than what you do see thriller , coupled with some arresting effects , incandescent tones and stupendous performances
is mostly admirable .
is much more P.C. than the original version ( no more racist portraits of Indians , for instance )
is mostly admirable
have two words to say about reign of fire . great dragons
have you forever
On the bright side
On the right track to something
The art demands live viewing .
in the unhurried , low-key style
in the sun
a clever and captivating romantic comedy
a cinematic milestone
a cast that includes some of the top actors working in independent film
a clever and captivating romantic comedy with a welcome pinch of tartness
A stirring tribute to the bravery and dedication of the world 's reporters who willingly walk into the nightmare of war not only to record the events for posterity , but to help us clearly see the world of our making .
A straight-ahead thriller
A stirring tribute
A stirring tribute to the bravery and dedication of the world 's reporters who willingly walk into the nightmare of war not only to record the events for posterity , but to help us
caught but the audience gets pure escapism
of favorites
scathing and joyous
reserved but existential
the distinct and very welcome sense
immersive powers
immersive
, Swimming gets the details right , from its promenade of barely clad bodies in Myrtle Beach , S . C . , to the adrenaline jolt of a sudden lunch rush at the diner .
, Stuart Little 2 is a light , fun cheese puff of a movie .
, The Piano Teacher is a film that defies categorisation . It haunts , horrifies , startles and fascinates ; it is impossible to look away . Ah yes , and then there 's the music ...
, The Last Kiss is really all about performances .
, The Hours is one of those reputedly '' unfilmable '' novels that has bucked the odds to emerge as an exquisite motion picture in its own right .
, The Hot Chick is pretty damned funny .
, The Wild Thornberrys Movie makes for a surprisingly cinematic experience .
, The Powerpuff Girls is a fast , frenetic , funny , even punny 6 -- aimed specifically at a grade-school audience .
artistically ' with handheld cameras
the stories work and
by way of a valentine sealed with a kiss
high-spirited
high-spirited musical
high note
high water mark
high-concept films
high-profile
high-profile name
giddy viewing
getting to the truly good stuff
the simple fact
a remarkable gift
a really special walk
a really special walk in the woods
a refreshing departure
a refreshing departure from the now more prevalent technique of the docu-makers being a visible part of their work
a refreshingly forthright one
the miracle of Shainberg 's film is that it truly is romance
the best rock documentaries ever . Wilco
the miracle of Shainberg 's film
the community
keeps it fast -- zippy ,
exemplary Sexy Beast
also the unique way Shainberg goes about telling what at heart is a sweet little girl
also rocks
also rocks .
hold up pretty well
hold my interest
, self-assured
a tapestry woven of romance , dancing , singing , and unforgettable characters
a tart , smart breath of fresh air
a taut contest
award-worthy
back around on itself in the kind of elegant symmetry that 's rare in film today
there is a great deal of fun .
there 's the inimitable Diaz , holding it all together .
there 's something there
there a deeper , more direct connection between these women , one that spans time and reveals meaning
the sensational true-crime hell-jaunt purists might like and more experimental in its storytelling ( though no less horrifying for it )
covers this territory with wit and originality , suggesting that with his fourth feature
covers this territory with wit and originality , suggesting that with his fourth feature --
Ah yes
courtesy of John Pogue , the Yale grad who previously gave us `` The Skulls ''
Tok and O orchestrate a buoyant , darkly funny dance of death .
out-to-change-the-world
with a screenplay to die for
one of the most savagely hilarious social critics
one of the most interesting writer\/directors working today
titular
wo n't be placed in the pantheon of the best of the swashbucklers but it is a whole lot of fun and you get to see the one of the world 's best actors , Daniel Auteuil , have a whale of a good time .
wo n't rock any boats but is solid meat-and-potatoes filmmaking
wo n't rock any boats but is solid meat-and-potatoes filmmaking .
of old-fashioned Hollywood magic
of one of the greatest natural sportsmen of modern times
a dark , gritty , sometimes funny little gem
a dark room with something cool
like mike is n't interested in recycling old cliches . it wants to tweak them with a taste of tangy new humor .
sets out to entertain and ends up delivering in good measure
ensures the film never feels draggy .
ensures the film never feels draggy
ensures that little of our emotional investment pays off
ensemble cast romances recently
First-time writer-director Dylan Kidd also has a good ear for dialogue , and the characters sound like real people .
Irwin is so earnest that it 's hard to resist his pleas to spare wildlife and respect their environs .
First and foremost ... the reason to go see `` Blue Crush '' is the phenomenal , water-born cinematography by David Hennings .
comic possibilities
Enticing and
to the perkiness of Witherspoon ( who is always a joy to watch , even when her material is not first-rate )
to the outstanding soundtrack
Enjoyably dumb , sweet , and intermittently hilarious -- if you 've a taste for the quirky , steal a glimpse
Enjoyably dumb , sweet , and intermittently hilarious -- if you 've a taste for the quirky , steal a glimpse .
Enjoyably fast-moving
Enjoyably fast-moving , hard-hitting documentary .
Enigma ' is the kind of engaging historical drama that Hollywood appears to have given up on in favor of sentimental war movies in the vein of ` We Were Soldiers . '
Enjoyably
Enjoyably dumb , sweet , and intermittently hilarious
Enjoyably dumb , sweet , and intermittently hilarious --
dashing and resourceful hero
so willing to champion the fallibility of the human heart
so well tuned that the film comes off winningly , even though it 's never as solid as you want it to be
dip into your wallet , swipe 90 minutes of your time , and
dips key moments from the film in Waking Life water colors
As Hugh Grant says repeatedly throughout the movie , ` Lovely !
In other words , it 's just another sports drama\/character study . Yet this one makes up for in heart what it lacks in outright newness . Plus , like I already mentioned ... it 's Robert Duvall ! C'mon !
'' has the right stuff for silly summer entertainment and has enough laughs to sustain interest to the end .
'' has been written so well , that even a simple `` Goddammit ! ''
'' feels capable of charming the masses with star power , a pop-induced score and sentimental moments that have become a Spielberg trademark .
'' exceeds expectations .
While this film is not in the least surprising , it is still ultimately very satisfying .
While not quite `` Shrek '' or `` Monsters , Inc. '' , it 's not too bad .
, kinky fun
, just for them
be seen as a conversation starter . It 's not an easy one to review
swings and jostles
will appeal to Discovery Channel fans and will surely widen the perspective of those of us who see the continent through rose-colored glasses .
squirming in their seats
will assuredly have their funny bones tickled
servicable World War II drama
two marvelous performances by Michael Caine and Brendan
a werewolf itself by avoiding eye contact and walking slowly away . It 's fun
a well-defined sense
a well-mounted history lesson
a welcome improvement
a well loved classic
A faster paced family flick .
A fast paced and suspenseful Argentinian thriller about the shadow side of play .
A fast paced and suspenseful Argentinian thriller about the shadow side of play
A fast paced and suspenseful Argentinian thriller about the shadow side
A fast paced and suspenseful Argentinian thriller
A fascinating glimpse into an insular world that gives the lie to many clichés and showcases a group of dedicated artists .
A fascinating glimpse into an insular world that gives the lie to many clichés and showcases a group of dedicated artists
A fascinating glimpse
A fascinating , bombshell documentary that should shame Americans , regardless of whether or not ultimate blame finally lies with Kissinger .
set in Newfoundland that cleverly captures the dry wit that 's so prevalent on The Rock
worthy companion
worthy addition
The plot 's clearly mythic structure
that if the filmmakers just follow the books , they ca n't go wrong
will be delighted with the fast , funny
is the stuff that Disney movies are made of
against a tree
Proves that some movie formulas do n't need messing with
Proves that some movie formulas do n't need messing with --
Proof once again that if the filmmakers just follow the books , they ca n't go wrong .
Proof once again that if the filmmakers just follow the books , they ca n't go wrong . Better
Proof once again that if the filmmakers just follow the books , they ca n't go wrong . Better effects , better acting and a hilarious Kenneth Branagh . An excellent sequel
Proof once again that if the filmmakers just follow the books , they ca n't go wrong . Better effects , better acting and a hilarious Kenneth Branagh . An excellent sequel .
Promises
Promises is one film that 's truly deserving of its Oscar nomination .
Other than the slightly flawed ( and fairly unbelievable ) finale , everything else is top shelf .
accessible
accomplishes
accepting him
accepting him in the role
accomplishes its goals
accomplishes its goals with ease and confidence
a clarity of purpose and even-handedness
Determined to be fun
Not everything in this ambitious comic escapade works , but Coppola , along with his sister , Sofia , is a real filmmaker .
Not everything in this ambitious comic escapade works , but Coppola , along with his sister , Sofia , is a real filmmaker
rare family movie
rare film
rare and riveting
rare documentary
should transcend any awards it bags . This is one for the ages
writer-director Eric Byler , who understands the power of the implicit and the virtues of simplicity and economy
should transcend any awards it bags . This is one for the ages .
Spielberg 's realization of a near-future America is masterful . This makes Minority Report necessary viewing for sci-fi fans , as the film has some of the best special effects ever .
Spinning a web of dazzling entertainment
Spielberg 's picture is smarter and subtler than ( Total Recall and Blade Runner ) , although its plot may prove too convoluted for fun-seeking summer audiences .
with a rich subject and some fantastic moments and scenes
Spinning a web of dazzling entertainment may be overstating it , but '' Spider-Man '' certainly delivers the goods .
Spinning a web of dazzling entertainment may be overstating it , but '' Spider-Man
A backstage must-see for true fans of comedy .
A backstage must-see for true fans of comedy
A backstage must-see for true fans
A backstage must-see
are so well tuned that the film comes off winningly , even though it 's never as solid as you want it to be
are so well realized that you may forget all about the original conflict , just like the movie does
are so crucial to the genre and another first-rate performance
are so well established that the gang feels comfortable with taking insane liberties and doing the goofiest stuff out of left field
well-mounted
you to enjoy yourselves without feeling conned
honest , and enjoyable
honest , and enjoyable comedy-drama
anyone who loves both dance and cinema
holds its goodwill close ,
falls into a soothing formula of brotherly conflict and reconciliation
Salma Hayek has a feel for the character at all stages of her life
's just going to take more than a man in a Bullwinkle costume to get there
From the opening strains of the Average White Band 's '' Pick up the Pieces '' , you can feel the love .
, energetic and original
old World War
oh-so-important
Friel and Williams 's exceptional performances
laid-back
From Heaven is a dazzling conceptual feat
laid-back good spirits
From Heaven actually pulls off this stylistic juggling act .
caliber
You do n't need to be a hip-hop fan to appreciate Scratch , and that 's the mark of a documentary that works .
You do n't need to be a hip-hop fan to appreciate Scratch , and that 's the mark of a documentary that works
is even more magical than the first and simply the best family film of the year .
is enlightening
is even more magical than the first and simply the best family film of the year
You can sip your vintage wines and watch your Merchant Ivory productions ; I 'll settle for a nice cool glass of iced tea and a Jerry Bruckheimer flick any day of the week .
You do n't need to be a hip-hop fan to appreciate Scratch
You do n't need to be a hip-hop fan to appreciate Scratch ,
served up with heart and humor
rousing spates of genuine feeling
round to see the subtleties of Ramsay 's portrait of grief
brave and challenging
root for the patronized Iranian lad
virtuosic
virtuosic set pieces
still cuts all the way down to broken bone .
still committed to growth in his ninth decade
gone before , but several movies have
of decent gags
of dead bodies
good , Sonny
of cutesy romance , dark satire and murder mystery
of cute and cloying material
good , dry , reliable textbook
in which underdogs beat the odds and the human spirit triumphs
in which this fascinating -- and timely -- content comes wrapped
in which the talent is undeniable
in which fear and frustration are provoked to intolerable levels
the man 's greatness
please a crowd
that if the filmmakers just follow the books , they ca n't go wrong .
manages to find that real natural , even-flowing tone that few movies are able to accomplish
manages to find that real natural , even-flowing tone that few movies are able to accomplish .
manages to generate the belly laughs of lowbrow comedy without sacrificing its high-minded appeal .
manages to generate the belly laughs of lowbrow comedy without sacrificing its high-minded appeal
manages to instruct without reeking of research library dust
manages to nail the spirit-crushing ennui of denuded urban living without giving in to it
manages to instruct without reeking of research library dust .
of his spiritual survival
of honest working folk
most audacious , outrageous ,
most antsy youngsters
an assurance worthy of international acclaim
The emotion is impressively true for being so hot-blooded ,
The performers are so spot on , it is hard to conceive anyone else in their roles .
The performers are so spot on
The performances are uniformly good .
The performances are all solid
an astoundingly rich film
The enjoyable Undercover Brother
the cut of being placed on any list of favorites
agile
agile performers
intelligent grasp
intensely personal
interesting and fun to see Goodall and her chimpanzees on the bigger-than-life screen
has rewards , from the exoticism of its seas of sand to the fierce grandeur of its sweeping battle scenes .
has rewards
has rewards , from the exoticism of its seas of sand to the fierce grandeur of its sweeping battle scenes
has rewards ,
has more than enough
has more than a few moments that are insightful enough to be fondly remembered in the endlessly challenging maze of moviegoing .
has n't had so much fun in two decades , since he was schlepping Indiana Jones around the globe in search of a giant misplaced ashtray .
has n't had so much fun in two decades , since he was schlepping Indiana Jones around the globe in search of a giant misplaced ashtray
in which laughter and self-exploitation merge into jolly soft-porn 'em powerment
in which special effects overpower cogent story-telling and visual clarity during the big action sequences
works up
the music makes a nice album , the food is enticing and italy beckons us all
the music makes a nice album , the food
the music makes a nice album , the food is enticing and italy beckons us all .
the movie rising above similar fare
the music makes a nice album ,
the music makes a nice album
Fatale , outside of its stylish surprises
Big Trouble could be considered a funny little film .
Bielinsky 's great game , that 's when you 're in the most trouble
with liberal doses of dark humor , gorgeous exterior photography , and a stable-full of solid performances
Biggie and Tupac is undeniably subversive and involving in its bold presentation .
very simply sets out to entertain and ends up delivering in good measure
the miniseries
that celebrates radical , nonconformist values , What to Do in Case of Fire ?
It 's a charming and often affecting journey .
It 's a clear-eyed portrait of an intensely lived time , filled with nervous energy , moral ambiguity and great uncertainties .
It 's a coming-of-age story we 've all seen bits of in other films -- but it 's rarely been told with such affecting grace and cultural specificity
It 's a day at the beach -- with air conditioning and popcorn .
the fine line between cheese and earnestness remarkably well
stunning
stunning animation
part of the action , the wallpaper of his chosen reality . Here , thankfully
particular interest
falls apart long
Morgen and Nanette Burstein
More vaudeville show than well-constructed narrative , but on those terms it 's inoffensive and actually rather sweet
More than their unique residences
More than their unique residences , Home Movie is about the people who live in them , who have carved their own comfortable niche in the world and have been kind enough to share it .
epic treatment
to squeeze the action and our emotions into the all-too-familiar dramatic arc of the Holocaust escape story
right ways
fertile
right through the ranks of the players -- on-camera and off -- that he brings together
right to be
De Niro 's best film
feminist action fantasy
De Niro 's best film since Meet the Parents
De Niro and McDormand give solid performances
For the most part , I Spy was an amusing lark that will probably rank as one of Murphy 's better performances in one of his lesser-praised movies .
Young Hanks and Fisk , who vaguely resemble their celebrity parents , bring fresh good looks and an ease in front of the camera to the work .
off-beat and fanciful
off the shelf
off the rare trick of recreating
A reasonably efficient mechanism
is the ` urban comedy ' that even attempts the insight and honesty of this disarming indie .
winning tone
widescreen photography
entering
entertaining and , ultimately ,
entertaining and , ultimately , more perceptive
entertaining and , ultimately , more perceptive moment
entertaining and audacious moments
entertaining as the final hour
entertaining itself
treat its characters , weak and strong , as fallible human beings , not caricatures
treating female follies
, to my great pleasure ,
, though , this is a refreshingly novel ride .
, told fairly well and scored to perfection , I found myself struggling to put my finger on that elusive `` missing thing . ''
'' overcome its weaknesses
'' never cuts corners .
'' offers chills much like those that you get when sitting around a campfire around midnight , telling creepy stories to give each other the willies .
treat for its depiction on not giving up on dreams when you 're a struggling nobody
'' reach the emotion or timelessness of Disney 's great past , or even that of more recent successes such as `` Mulan '' or `` Tarzan
gradually grows into something of considerable power
Provide ( s ) nail-biting suspense and credible characters
the edge
Provides an intriguing window
winning story
find a film that dazzles the eye , challenges the brain
be able to look at a red felt Sharpie pen without disgust , a thrill , or the giggles
be able to look away for a second
be about everything that 's plaguing the human spirit in a relentlessly globalizing world
're in for a real winner , creativity at its peak
will admire the way it accumulates power and depth
the drumming and the marching are so excellent
stimulating eye and ear candy
Irwin is a man with enough charisma and audacity to carry a dozen films ,
Irwin is a man with enough charisma and audacity to carry a dozen films
magnificent drama
it abundantly clear that this movie phenomenon has once again reinvented itself for a new generation
it abundantly clear
it a strange combo of you-are-there closeness with the disorienting unreality of the seemingly broken-down fourth wall of the movie screen
it 's therapeutic to laugh along with them .
magnificently shot
it 's therapeutic to laugh along with them
magnificently shot and
Sleek
magnificently shot and gripping enough
magnificently shot and gripping enough to sustain most of its 170-minute length
magnify her outrageous charm
after the clever credits roll
a solidly entertaining and moving family drama
a spectator
gracious
grace
a compelling story to tell
taps into some powerful emotions
... flat-out amusing , sometimes endearing and often fabulous , with a solid cast , noteworthy characters , delicious dialogue and a wide supply of effective sight gags .
tasteful , intelligent manner
tasteful
her nomination as best actress even more
What lifts the film high above run-of-the-filth gangster flicks is its refusal to recognise any of the signposts , as if discovering a way through to the bitter end without a map .
likely to have one helluva time at the movies
a series of riveting set pieces
a series of perfect black pearls clicking together to form a string .
a series of tales told with the intricate preciseness of the best short story writing .
a serious minded patience , respect and affection
literary detective story
wittgenstein and kirkegaard
witty
a supremely hopeful cautionary tale of war 's madness remembered that we , today , can prevent its tragic waste of life
a summer of good stuff
a supremely hopeful cautionary tale
a stylish and energetic one-shot ,
a stylish and energetic one-shot , The Queen of the Damned
a stylish psychological thriller
sense-of-humour
sense of humor
sensitive and astute
sensitive acting
ride , with jaw-dropping action sequences , striking villains , a gorgeous color palette , astounding technology , stirring music and a boffo last hour that leads up to a strangely sinister happy ending
ride , with jaw-dropping action sequences , striking villains , a gorgeous color palette , astounding technology , stirring music and a boffo last hour that leads up to a strangely sinister happy ending .
ride through nighttime Manhattan , a loquacious videologue of the modern male and the lengths to which he 'll go to weave a protective cocoon around his own ego
ride , with jaw-dropping action sequences , striking villains , a gorgeous color palette , astounding technology , stirring music and a boffo last hour
ride through nighttime Manhattan , a loquacious videologue of the modern male and the lengths to which he 'll go to weave a protective cocoon around his own ego .
particularly original
A remarkable movie with an unsatisfying ending , which is just the point .
A remarkably alluring film
A remarkably alluring film set in the constrictive Eisenhower era about one suburban woman 's yearning in the face of a loss that shatters her cheery and tranquil suburban life .
A remarkably insightful
A remarkable film by Bernard Rose
A remarkable film by Bernard Rose .
A remarkable movie
A remarkable movie with an unsatisfying ending , which is just the point
A remarkably insightful look at the backstage angst of the stand-up comic .
A rollicking
quirky , odd movies and\/or the ironic
please the eye
quintessential Bollywood
the multi-layers
quirky , fun , popcorn movies
primal storytelling that George Lucas can only dream of
quiet , patient and tenacious as Mr. Lopez himself
a powerful look
might want to check it out
dominated
dog soldiers does n't transcend genre -- it embraces it , energizes it and takes big bloody chomps out of it .
a sports extravaganza
This charming but slight tale has warmth , wit and interesting characters compassionately portrayed .
This cinema verite speculation on the assassination of John F . Kennedy may have been inspired by Blair Witch , but it takes its techniques into such fresh territory that the film never feels derivative .
This cinema verite speculation on the assassination of John F . Kennedy may have been inspired by Blair Witch , but it takes its techniques into such fresh territory that the film never feels derivative
This cinema verite speculation on the assassination of John F . Kennedy may have been inspired by Blair Witch , but
This engrossing , characteristically complex Tom Clancy thriller
rather quickly , the film falls into a soothing formula of brotherly conflict and reconciliation
its moving story
its most immediate and most obvious pleasure
such a graphic treatment of the crimes
well-timed
a praiseworthy attempt to generate suspense rather than gross out the audience
heart or conservative
heart as important as humor
heart-rate-raising
-- Conrad L. Hall 's cinematography will likely be nominated for an Oscar next year --
-- Conrad L. Hall 's cinematography will likely be nominated for an Oscar next year -- there 's something impressive and yet lacking about everything .
well-produced
Its almost too-spectacular coastal setting distracts slightly from an eccentric and good-naturedly aimless story .
Its cast full of caffeinated comedy performances
Its cast full of caffeinated comedy performances more than make up for its logical loopholes , which fly by so fast there 's no time to think about them anyway .
Its engaging simplicity
Its director 's most substantial feature for some time .
Its engaging simplicity is driven by appealing leads .
well-thought
on grandstanding , emotional , Rocky-like moments
and still oddly likable
and sticking with you long after it 's over
and sprightly acting
and spirited performances
arrangements and mind games ,
does offer a brutal form of charisma .
does n't waste a moment
does not alienate either gender in the audience
does somehow manage to get you under its spell
does thanks in large measure
amuse even
well-meaning and sincere
there are many tense scenes in Trapped
surefire casting
surprising depth
a mind set for goofy comedy
a metaphorical visual style and an unnerving , heartbeat-like score
a metaphorical visual style
a morbid appeal that 's tough to shake
a movie that 's got oodles of style and substance
the still-inestimable contribution
the still-inestimable contribution they have made to our shared history
Garcia , who perfectly portrays the desperation of a very insecure man
the boho art-house crowd
Gangster No . 1 a worthwhile moviegoing experience
of the greatest date movies in years
of the great films about movie love
some good , organic character work , lots of obvious political insights and
some good , organic character work , lots of obvious political insights and little room
some serious soul
Not only a reminder of how they used to make movies , but also how they sometimes still can be made .
Not everyone will welcome or accept The Trials of Henry Kissinger as faithful portraiture , but few can argue that the debate it joins is a necessary and timely one .
Not since Japanese filmmaker Akira Kurosawa 's Ran have the savagery of combat and the specter of death been visualized with such operatic grandeur .
give what can easily be considered career-best performances
give what may be the performances of their careers
give what may be the performances of their careers .
give you a few laughs
the phenomenal ,
the phenomenal , water-born
the performances are immaculate , with roussillon providing comic relief .
the phenomenal
the payoff
the performances are immaculate , with roussillon providing comic relief
, love , memory , trust and loyalty
, memory , trust and loyalty
this film will attach a human face to all those little steaming cartons .
this film special
this film is part of that delicate canon
boasts dry humor and jarring shocks , plus moments of breathtaking mystery
boffo last hour
boasts dry humor and jarring shocks , plus moments of breathtaking mystery .
, Elling never gets too cloying thanks to the actors ' perfect comic timing and sweet , genuine chemistry .
, Evans is no Hollywood villain
, Enigma offers all the pleasure of a handsome and well-made entertainment .
, Fierce Grace reassures us that he will once again be an honest and loving one .
, Evelyn comes from the heart .
, Full Frontal plays like the work of a dilettante .
, Freundlich 's World Traveler might have been one of the more daring and surprising American movies of the year .
, Godard can still be smarter than any 50 other filmmakers still at work .
, Gangs excels in spectacle and pacing .
personality
personal
the highest production values you 've ever seen
the highest production values
for self-deprecating comedy
this utterly ridiculous shaggy dog story as one of the most creative , energetic and original comedies to hit the screen in years
cheerful
cheerful , built to inspire the young people ,
cheerful , built to inspire the young people
the most wondrous of all Hollywood fantasies --
Marisa Tomei is good
disturbing questions about those things we expect from military epics
touching for refusing to pity or memorialize themselves
touching for refusing to pity or memorialize themselves .
high-powered star pedigree
touches the heart and the funnybone thanks to the energetic and always surprising performance by Rachel Griffiths
touches the heart and the funnybone thanks to the energetic and always surprising performance by Rachel Griffiths .
touches the heart and the funnybone thanks
touches the heart and the funnybone thanks to the energetic and always surprising performance
touching , sophisticated film
touching , small-scale story
touching , smart and complicated
translate well
translates Naipaul 's lively mix of characters from the page to screen
, sometimes inspiring ,
A sensual performance
A sensual performance from Abbass
A sensual performance from Abbass buoys the flimsy story
A sensual performance from Abbass buoys the flimsy story , but
But they fascinate in their recklessness .
But though he only scratches the surface , at least he provides a strong itch to explore more .
Kurys ' direction is clever and insightful
LaBute does manage to make a few points about modern man and his problematic quest for human connection .
as the film proves , that 's not always a bad thing .
's not that , it 's the tension that keeps you in your seat .
's not always a bad thing
's no mistaking the filmmaker in the tall grass , true to himself
's no denying the talent of the creative forces behind it
's no denying the physically spectacular qualities of the film ... or the emotional integrity of the performances .
keeps you guessing at almost every turn
the best
the appropriately brief 40-minute running time
the actors helps '' Moonlight Mile ''
creates a portrait of two strong men in conflict , inextricably entwined through family history , each seeing himself in the other , neither liking what he sees
creates a portrait of two strong men in conflict , inextricably entwined through family history ,
creates a fluid and mesmerizing sequence of images to match the words of Nijinsky 's diaries
creates a fluid and mesmerizing sequence of images
created such a vibrant , colorful world
creates a portrait of two strong men in conflict , inextricably entwined through family history
creates a portrait of two strong men in conflict ,
creates a fluid and mesmerizing sequence of images to match the words of Nijinsky 's diaries .
Antwone Fisher '' is an earnest
Anthony .
ai n't half-bad
ai n't half-bad .
aided by a cast that seems to include every top-notch British actor who did not appear in Gosford Park ( as well as one , Ms . Mirren , who did )
often achieves a mesmerizing poetry .
an entertaining movie
an entertaining ride
an entertaining ride , despite many talky , slow scenes . But something seems to be missing . A sense of real magic
an entertainment destination
an entertainment destination for the general public
offering itself up in subtle plot maneuvers ...
offers gorgeous imagery , effective performances , and an increasingly unsettling sense of foreboding
offers gorgeous imagery , effective performances , and an increasingly unsettling sense of foreboding .
offers plenty to ponder and chew on as its unusual relationship slowly unfolds
the awe
Purports
Purdy
saves his pathos
savage full-bodied wit
saves this deeply affecting film
saves this deeply affecting film from being merely
truly gorgeous
find it fascinating
of an impression
a Communion wafer
truly funny bits
a '' true story '' and you 're likely to have one helluva time at the movies
a 15-year-old boy
a 15-year-old boy and a 40-year-old woman
Just entertaining
You bet there is and it 's what makes this rather convoluted journey worth taking
You both look and sound great
stunning and
Vibrantly colored and
Vibrantly colored
Very well-written
Very well written and directed with brutal honesty and respect for its audience .
Vibrantly
Very well-written and very well-acted .
Very well-written and very well-acted
Very well-written and
's understanding of the expressive power of the camera .
's touching and tender and
's touching and tender and proves that even in sorrow you can find humor . Like blended shades of lipstick , these components combine into one terrific story with lots of laughs
's undeniable enjoyment to be had from films crammed with movie references
's touching and tender and proves that even in sorrow you can find humor . Like blended shades of lipstick , these components combine into one terrific story with lots of laughs .
because it is Japanese and yet feels universal
because it has some of the funniest jokes of any movie this year , including those intended for adults
because it made him feel powerful
because it was so endlessly , grotesquely , inventive
actually give them life
Bolado credit for good intentions
a 10-course banquet
a 90-minute , four-star movie
a 90-minute , four-star movie .
a 90-minute , four-star
the reality of its characters to go over the edge . a touch of humor or an unexpected plot twist always pulls it back
its laughs
its macabre , self-deprecating sense of humor makes up for a lot .
its macabre , self-deprecating sense of humor makes up for a lot
If you 're in the right B-movie frame of mind , it may just scare the pants off you .
If you 're a Crocodile Hunter fan
If we sometimes need comforting fantasies about mental illness , we also need movies like Tim McCann 's Revolution No . 9 .
Boll uses a lot of quick cutting and blurry step-printing to goose things up
the reality of its characters to go over the edge . a touch of humor
what makes it worth the trip to the theatre
Sensual ,
what it is -- a nice , harmless date film
Sensual , funny and , in the end , very touching
be cherished
be delighted with the fast , funny , and even touching story
... is a brilliantly played , deeply unsettling experience .
by three terrific performances
serenity
The movie is hardly a masterpiece , but it does mark Ms . Bullock 's best work in some time
The movie is hardly a masterpiece , but it does mark Ms . Bullock 's best work in some time .
The movie is n't just hilarious :
The movie is n't just hilarious : It 's witty and inventive , too , and in hindsight , it is n't even all that dumb
The movie is pretty funny now and then without in any way demeaning its subjects .
subtle and richly internalized performance
big family
best screen
best film
best work
better film
shenanigans and slapstick
In scope , ambition and accomplishment , Children of the Century ... takes Kurys ' career to a whole new level .
loving what you 're seeing
loved it ! Gollum 's ` performance ' is incredible !
loved it ! Gollum 's ` performance ' is incredible
loved
negotiate the many inconsistencies in Janice 's behavior or compensate for them by sheer force of charm
The concert footage is stirring
Hjejle quite appealing
Hoffman 's best efforts
The culmination of everyone 's efforts
and tantalizing
and successfully plays the foil to Willis 's world-weary colonel
's a memorable performance in a big , brassy , disturbing , unusual and highly successful film
and scale to satisfy as grown-up escapism
and substance
and strangely soulful movie
and still love the old stuff
's a quirky , off-beat project ...
Remember the kind of movie we were hoping '' Ecks vs . Sever '' or '' xXx '' was going to be ? This is it .
the vertiginous perspectives opened up by the photography
the ultimate redneck road-trip
the transformation of the chilly , neurotic , and self-absorbed Martha as her heart begins to open
investing in the worthy EMI recording that serves as the soundtrack , or the home video of the 1992 Malfitano-Domingo production
showing honest emotions .
showing us well-thought stunts or a car chase that we have n't seen 10,000 times
showcases a group of dedicated artists
showcases the city 's old-world charm before machines change nearly everything
showcases the city 's old-world charm
is worth your time ,
is worth your time
is worth your time , especially if you have Ellen Pompeo sitting next to you for the ride
is worth your time , especially
is worth searching out .
is worth searching out
is worth seeking .
is worth seeking
is worth your time , especially if you have Ellen Pompeo sitting next to you for the ride .
a sadistic bike flick that would have made Vittorio De Sica proud
the magic of author
twisted , brilliant and macabre
twists the best of technology around a gripping story
very real and amusing
very pretty after-school special
very smart
Passions , obsessions , and loneliest dark spots are pushed to their most virtuous limits , lending the narrative an unusually surreal tone .
Nervy and
Nearly surreal , dabbling in French , this is no simple movie , and
Not a cozy or ingratiating work , but it 's challenging , sometimes clever , and always interesting , and
when she 's given the right lines , can charm the paint off the wall ...
A gem of a romantic crime comedy that turns out to be clever , amusing and unpredictable
A gem
A gently funny , sweetly adventurous film
A gem of a romantic crime comedy that turns out to be clever , amusing and unpredictable .
A full world has been presented onscreen ,
A full world has been presented onscreen , not some series of carefully structured plot points building to a pat resolution .
A full world has been presented onscreen , not some series of carefully structured plot points building to a pat resolution
A gently funny , sweetly adventurous film that makes you feel genuinely good ,
A gently funny , sweetly adventurous film that makes you feel genuinely good
the direction of Spielberg , who does a convincing impersonation here of a director enjoying himself immensely
opposed to the extent of their outrageousness
Worthy
Worth seeing once
Worth seeing once ,
Pow !
Portentous and
having just witnessed a great performance
It 's nice to see Piscopo again after all these years , and Chaykin and Headly are priceless .
an almost sure-fire prescription
he 's been making for the last several years
an actor who can relate to the search for inner peace by dramatically depicting the lives of others onstage
an all-around good time
an admirable look
an all-around good time at the movies this summer
an all-around good time at the movies
Daughter
Daughter from Danang is a film that should be seen by all , especially those who are n't aware of , or have forgotten about the unmentioned victims of war .
Davis
Dazzles
Davis has filled out his cast with appealing fresh faces .
some fancy special effects
A film with contemporary political resonance
a more straightforward , dramatic treatment , with all the grandiosity
multitude
his Indian Love Call to Jeanette MacDonald has there been a movie so unabashedly Canadian , not afraid to risk American scorn or disinterest
his art , which is more than he has ever revealed before about the source of his spiritual survival
Children and adults enamored of all things Pokemon wo n't be disappointed .
comfortable enough in her own skin to be proud of her Rubenesque physique
comfortable enough
comforting fantasies
The film has a laundry list of minor shortcomings , but the numerous scenes of gory mayhem are worth the price of admission ... if '' gory mayhem '' is your idea of a good time .
pizazz
you 'll still feel something .
has no doubt fantasized about what an unhappy , repressed and twisted personal life their tormentor deserved . These people are really going to love The Piano Teacher .
has perfected the art of highly entertaining , self-aggrandizing , politically motivated documentary-making
has none of the pushiness and decibel volume of most contemporary comedies
has never made anything that was n't at least watchable
has never made a more sheerly beautiful film than this unexpectedly moving meditation on love , history , memory , resistance and artistic transcendence .
has no doubt fantasized about what an unhappy , repressed and twisted personal life their tormentor deserved . These people are really going to love The Piano Teacher
has plenty for those ( like me ) who are n't .
satisfied customers
satisfied to remain the same throughout .
satisfactory .
satisfactory . The art demands live viewing . The innate theatrics that provide its thrills and extreme emotions lose their luster when flattened onscreen
satisfactorily
the best brush in the business
satisfying complete
both maintain and dismantle the facades that his genre and his character construct is a wonderous accomplishment of veracity and narrative grace
both large ... and small ... with considerable aplomb
both the beauty
smoothly sinister Freddie
is always welcome .
a heavyweight film that fights a good fight on behalf of the world 's endangered reefs
a heavyweight film
a high-end John Hughes comedy ,
a high-end John Hughes comedy , a kind of Elder Bueller 's Time Out
a high concept vehicle for two bright stars of the moment who can rise to fans ' lofty expectations
a high-end John Hughes comedy
a higher plateau
a highly gifted 12-year-old
should be themselves
the essence of what it is to be Ya-Ya
the ethereal beauty
the epicenter of cool , beautiful , thought-provoking foreign cinema is smack-dab in the middle of Dubya
the erotics of intimacy in a way that makes most American love stories look downright unfree
the enjoyable basic minimum .
Simply and eloquently articulates the tangled feelings of particular New Yorkers deeply touched by an unprecedented tragedy .
that is a portrait of grace in an imperfect world .
Intensely romantic
Intensely
Intacto 's '' dangerous and seductively stylish game
should definitely get top billing . Robert John Burke as The Monster horns in and steals the show
Intensely romantic , thought-provoking and even an engaging mystery
Intensely romantic ,
Cox offers plenty of glimpses at existing photos ,
a good thing
Will give many ministers and Bible-study groups hours of material to discuss . But
a good script
is more worshipful than your random e ! true hollywood story
a good script ,
Wilde 's still-contemporary play
Japan 's premier stylist
Japan 's premier stylist of sex and blood
Japan 's premier stylist of sex and blood hits audiences with what may be his most demented film to date .
Japanese director Hideo Nakata , who takes the superstitious curse on chain letters and actually applies it
Japanese film
Jason Bourne .
create the kind of art shots that fill gallery shows
One well-timed explosion in a movie can be a knockout
a good charitable enterprise and some interesting real people
a good job of laying out some of the major issues that we encounter as we journey through life
the source material movie
the soul of a man in pain who gradually comes to recognize it and deal with it
monkeyfun
a unique culture
a unique culture that is presented with universal appeal
a twisting , unpredictable , cat-and-mouse thriller
It works its magic with such exuberance and passion that the film 's length becomes a part of its fun .
It wraps up a classic mother\/daughter struggle in recycled paper with a shiny new bow and while the audience can tell it 's not all new , at least it looks pretty
an earnest , by-the-numbers effort
an appealing couple -- he 's understated and sardonic
an appealing couple --
an appealing couple
an asset and
of exotic creatures
of emotionally and narratively complex filmmaking
of enthralling drama
really won my heart
really sets the film apart is Debrauwer 's refusal to push the easy emotional buttons
really work
see the attraction for the sole reason
see people working so hard at leading lives of sexy intrigue
see over and over
one of the best actors , directors and producers
see over and over again
It tends to remind one of a really solid Woody Allen film , with its excellent use of New York locales and sharp writing
As a first-time director , Paxton has tapped something in himself as an actor that provides Frailty with its dark soul .
As a singular character study , it 's perfect . It 's also the year 's sweetest movie .
As a revenge thriller , the movie is serviceable
darling
It trusts the story it sets out to tell .
's packed with just as much intelligence as action
's part of what makes Dover Kosashvili 's outstanding feature debut so potent
's packed to bursting with incident , and with scores of characters , some fictional , some from history
's packed to bursting with incident , and with scores of characters , some fictional , some from history .
by Ryan Gosling ( Murder by Numbers ) , the movie is powerful and provocative
's pleasant enough -- and oozing with attractive men
's plenty to impress about E . T
accept it as life and go with its flow
Human Nature is a goofball movie , in the way that Malkovich was , but it tries too hard .
starts promisingly
together in a manner that one never overwhelms the other
together in a stark portrait of motherhood deferred and desire
would say , yes , ` It 's like having an old friend for dinner '
this Dumas adaptation entertains
elegantly
elegant entertainment
elegantly colorful look
of a sick and evil woman
elevated by the wholesome twist of a pesky mother
the more outre aspects of ` black culture ' and the dorkier aspects of ` white culture , ' even as it points out how inseparable the two are
the most accomplished work to date from Hong Kong 's versatile Stanley Kwan
Its sheer dynamism
is a sincerely crafted picture that deserves to emerge from the traffic jam of holiday movies
is a sincerely crafted picture that deserves to emerge from the traffic jam of holiday movies .
is a small but rewarding comedy that takes aim at contemporary southern adolescence and never lets up .
is a small gem
is a smart movie that knows its classical music , knows its Freud and knows its Sade .
is a smart movie that knows its classical music , knows its Freud and knows its Sade
the outlandishness of the idea itself
celebrates the human spirit and
is set in a world that is very , very far from the one most of us
careful period attention as well as
capture a cruelly hilarious vein of black comedy
candid and
catch some
cat and
cast of solid female talent who build a seamless ensemble . There is n't a weak or careless performance
accomplishes in his chilling , unnerving film
award-winning English cinematographer Giles Nuttgens
's been done before but never so vividly or with so much passion .
authenticate her British persona
authenticate
avoids the cartoonish clichés and sneering humor of the genre as it provides a fresh view of an old type
is above all
is above all about a young woman 's face
is a visual tour-de-force and a story that is unlike any
is a treat
is a sweet treasure and something
The history is fascinating ; the action is dazzling
The heat of the moment prevails .
The heat of the moment
The gorgeously elaborate continuation of `` The Lord of the Rings '' trilogy is so huge that a column of words can not adequately describe co-writer\/director Peter Jackson 's expanded vision of J.R.R. Tolkien 's Middle-earth .
The history is fascinating ; the action is dazzling .
's better to go in knowing full well what 's going to happen , but willing to let the earnestness of its execution and skill of its cast take you down a familiar road with a few twists .
has fun being grown up .
live-wire
live-wire film
's easily his finest American film ...
Run , do n't walk , to see this barbed and bracing comedy on the big screen .
Russian Ark marks a cinematic milestone .
The soul-searching deliberateness of the film , although leavened nicely with dry absurdist wit
cohesive
Romanek 's themes are every bit as distinctive as his visuals .
The film 's intimate camera work and searing performances
The film 's intimate camera work and
The film 's intimate camera work and searing performances pull us deep into the girls ' confusion and pain as they struggle tragically to comprehend the chasm of knowledge that 's opened between them .
The film 's intimate camera work
The film 's sense of imagery gives it a terrible strength
to its gasp-inducing ending
is deceptively simple , deeply satisfying
a compelling journey ... and `` His Best Friend Remembers
in its observation of just how much more grueling and time-consuming the illusion of work is than actual work
in its own way , Rabbit-Proof Fence is a quest story as grand as The Lord of the Rings
in its poetic symbolism
in its own simplicity
of ace Japanimator Hayao Miyazaki 's Spirited Away
thoroughly delightful
those are reasons enough to see it .
If your taste runs to ` difficult ' films you absolutely ca n't miss it .
this wonderful portrait
those rare , exhilarating cinematic
around on itself in the kind of elegant symmetry that 's rare in film today
are sure to please anyone in search of a Jules and Jim for the new millennium
are sure to please anyone in search of a Jules and Jim for the new millennium .
are top notch
are set against the strange , stark beauty of the Mideast desert , so lovingly and perceptively filmed that you can almost taste the desiccated air
are set against the strange , stark beauty of the Mideast desert , so lovingly and perceptively filmed that you can almost taste the desiccated air .
are so funny , aggressive and alive
are standouts
anyone who grew up on Disney 's 1950 Treasure Island , or remembers the 1934 Victor Fleming classic
of constant smiles and frequent laughter
Stage director Sam Mendes showcases Tom Hanks as a depression era hit-man in this dark tale of revenge .
Splat-Man ! Good old-fashioned slash-and-hack
Spider-Man
Spielberg flair
Spielberg presents a fascinating but flawed look at the near future .
a few cute ideas
a few cute ideas and
as true to the spirit of the Festival of Lights
stand up and applaud
a few characters and ideas
viewers do n't have to worry about being subjected to farts , urine , feces , semen , or any of the other foul substances that have overrun modern-day comedies
stand out
invite viewers to gawk at or applaud his special effects
invite
leave a light on every night from now
leaves a positive impression
learn a lot about dying coral and see a lot of life on the reef
learn a lot about dying coral and see a lot of life on the reef .
comedy with a serious exploration of ego and jealousy
, more playful tone
, mesmerizing
, memorable cinematic experience
, memory , resistance and artistic transcendence
, meditative
, but rather delivers a performance of striking skill and depth
hard to resist his pleas to spare wildlife and respect their environs
happy
, but its macabre , self-deprecating sense of humor makes up for a lot .
, but its pleasures are still plentiful .
, but never showy ,
, but one that many more people should check out
's mildly sentimental
viewing for its courage , ideas , technical proficiency and great acting
At its best , The Good Girl is a refreshingly adult take on adultery ...
walked away from this new version of e . t . just as i hoped i would -- with moist eyes
At times funny and at other times candidly revealing
precious new Star Wars movie
unnerving , heartbeat-like score
a better thriller
a better script
a big heart
a bilingual charmer
a bilingual charmer , just like the woman who inspired it
a bilingual charmer ,
luminous interviews
my uncles are all aliens , too . '' Congrats Disney on a job well done , I enjoyed it just as much
my uncles are all aliens , too . '' Congrats Disney on a job well done
ambitious
amuse-bouche to keep your appetite
an aspiring
an aspiring writer
an aspiring writer 's
anyone can relate
of this year 's very best pictures
of those energetic surprises
of those reputedly '' unfilmable '' novels that has bucked the odds to emerge as an exquisite motion picture in its own right
of this unhurried , low-key film that is so off-Hollywood that it seems positively French in its rhythms and resonance
An amused indictment of Jaglom 's own profession .
An animation landmark as monumental as Disney 's 1937 breakthrough Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs .
this story and the 1971 musical '' Bedknobs and Broomsticks , '' which also dealt with British children rediscovering the power of fantasy during wartime
to his pulpy thrillers
to her inventive director
The thing about guys like Evans is this : You 're never quite sure where self-promotion ends and the truth begins . But as you watch the movie , you 're too interested to care
The thing about guys like Evans is this : You 're never quite sure where self-promotion ends and the truth begins . But as you watch the movie , you 're too interested to care .
savvy
ghost imagery that shows just enough to keep us on our toes
played out with such aching beauty and truth
gets vivid performances from her cast and pulls off some deft Ally McBeal-style fantasy sequences
gets vivid performances from her cast and pulls off some deft Ally McBeal-style fantasy sequences .
gets the details right , from its promenade of barely clad bodies in Myrtle Beach , S . C . , to the adrenaline jolt of a sudden lunch rush at the diner .
gets vivid performances from her cast
gets vivid performances from her cast and
what makes their project so interesting
what makes it interesting as a character study is the fact that the story is told from Paul 's perspective
are worthwhile
Avary has done his best to make something out of Ellis ' nothing novel , in the end
an underlying seriousness that sneaks up on the viewer , providing an experience that is richer than anticipated
picture-perfect
above-average thriller
Hands down the year 's most thought-provoking film .
so American in sensibility and style
above most of its ilk
a strong pulse
above the rest
with a highly satisfying quotient of Friday-night excitement and Milla
the clever crime comedy
that 's true
a more balanced or fair portrayal
a moral
a mood in which an ominous , pervasive , and unknown threat lurks just below the proceedings and adds an almost constant mindset of suspense
a momentum that never lets up
a modicum of patience
a more balanced or fair portrayal of both sides
This method almost never fails him , and it works superbly here .
This is one for the ages .
This method almost never fails him , and
This makes Minority Report necessary viewing for sci-fi fans , as the film has some of the best special effects ever .
This kind of dark comedy
the work of the director , Frank Novak , that keeps the film grounded in an undeniable social realism
to be that rarity among sequels
the antidote
Handled correctly , Wilde 's play is a masterpiece of elegant wit and artifice .
the affection of even those unlucky people who never owned a cassette of Def Leppard 's Pyromania
the atmosphere
's invigorating about
Despite the opulent lushness of every scene
the one with the most emotional resonance
and your reward will be a thoughtful , emotional movie experience .
and suspenseful Argentinian thriller
would force you to give it a millisecond of thought
realize your mind is being blown .
realize your mind is being blown
realize that deep inside righteousness can be found a tough beauty
really , really good
really , really , really good things can come in enormous packages
One-of-a-kind
One-of-a-kind near-masterpiece .
He has a great cast and a great idea
's like Rocky and Bullwinkle on Speed
's like an all-star salute
still oddly likable
Easy
Eastwood is an icon of moviemaking , one of the best actors , directors and producers around , responsible for some excellent work . But even a hero can stumble sometimes .
really a thriller so much
realizing Steven Spielberg got it right
realizes a fullness that does not negate the subject .
realizes a fullness that does not negate the subject
Mr. Rose 's updating works surprisingly well .
staggeringly compelling character
the brawn -- and the brains --
the boys take in their high heels
's still a sweet , even delectable diversion .
in hero worship
in gross-out humor
have been a sketch on Saturday Night Live
crisp framing ,
have been an eerie thriller
crisp framing , edgy camera work
's something vital about the movie .
one battle followed by killer CGI effects
Whether you like rap music or loathe it , you ca n't deny either the tragic loss of two young men in the prime of their talent or the power of this movie .
crime movie equivalent
's strongest and most touching movie of recent years .
emerges as his most vital work since GoodFellas
found The Ring moderately absorbing , largely for its elegantly colorful look and sound
Contains a few big laughs but many more that graze the funny bone
crisp framing , edgy camera work , and
succeeds in the third of these
subversive little indie film
succeeds by allowing itself to go crazy
succeeds in instilling a wary sense of ` there but for the grace of God
is what summer screen escapism used to be in the decades when it was geared more to grownups
is what movies are supposed to be
is well plotted , visually striking and filled with enjoyably complex characters who are never what they first appear
is well shot and very tragic , and one to ponder after the credits roll
is well plotted , visually striking and filled with enjoyably complex characters who are never what they first appear .
is what keeps this slightly disappointing sequel going , with enough amusing banter -- blessedly curse-free -- to keep both kids and parents entertained
is well shot and very tragic , and one to ponder after the credits roll .
is what makes it worthwhile
mind , while watching Eric Rohmer 's tribute
It turns out to be a cut above the norm , thanks to some clever writing and sprightly acting .
an unusual opportunity to observe the inequities in the death penalty , not just the inherent immorality but also
an invigorating ,
an uncommonly human character ,
an uncompromising attempt by one artist
very small children who will be delighted simply to spend more time with familiar cartoon characters .
very talented
One of the best , most
One of the best , most understated performances of ( Jack Nicholson 's ) career .
at the end that extravagantly redeems it
at the edge of your seat with its shape-shifting perils , political intrigue and brushes
at the edge of your seat for long stretches
at the diverse , marvelously twisted shapes history has taken
Simone '' is a fun
a great party
a great performance and
a great performance and a reminder of Dickens ' grandeur
a great piece
a great piece of filmmaking
a great writer
a great writer and
a great writer and dubious human being
by the time the credits roll across the pat ending , a warm , fuzzy feeling prevails
by top-billed star Bruce Willis
by those standards , ` Scratch ' is a pretty decent little documentary
in perfectly executed and wonderfully sympathetic characters , who are alternately touching and funny
in place for a great film noir
makes up for in drama , suspense , revenge , and romance
makes this rather convoluted journey worth taking
makes this film special
makes these lives count .
makes up for in heart what it lacks in outright newness . Plus , like I already mentioned
makes up for in heart .
makes up for in heart
makes up for it with a pleasing verisimilitude
with a smile that says , ` If I stay positive , maybe I can channel one of my greatest pictures , Drunken Master
a visual tour-de-force and a story
that 's unique or memorable .
elevates itself from being yet
Though a bit of a patchwork in script and production , a glossy , rich green , environment almost makes the picture work .
Though clearly well-intentioned
Though it draws several decent laughs
of kitsch hard going
of joy and energy
The lightest , most breezy movie Steven Spielberg has made in more than a decade . And the positive change in tone here seems to have recharged him .
The lightest , most breezy movie Steven Spielberg has made in more than a decade . And
The lightest , most breezy movie Steven Spielberg has made in more than a decade . And the positive change in tone here seems to have recharged him
The magic ( and original running time ) of ace Japanimator Hayao Miyazaki 's Spirited Away
The magic ( and original running time ) of ace Japanimator Hayao Miyazaki 's Spirited Away survives intact in BV 's re-voiced version .
The low-key direction is pleasingly emphatic in this properly intense , claustrophobic tale of obsessive love .
, the movie keeps you diverted and best of all , it lightens your wallet without leaving a sting .
, the movie keeps you diverted and best of all ,
several strong performances
sets it apart is the vision that Taymor , the avant garde director of Broadway 's The Lion King and the film Titus , brings
pulling on heartstrings
and ,
watchable
as it is exotic
grin
gripping and
Unfolds as one of the most politically audacious films of recent decades
Unfolds in a low-key , organic way that encourages you to accept it as life and go with its flow
Unfolds as one of the most politically audacious films of recent decades from any country , but especially from France .
tenacious
want to watch
want to see over and over again
spiritual inquiry
novel
history in perspective
his way to becoming the American Indian Spike Lee
historic
is nothing short of mesmerizing
is not show-stoppingly hilarious , but scathingly witty nonetheless .
is not show-stoppingly hilarious , but scathingly witty nonetheless
is not show-stoppingly hilarious , but scathingly witty
offers all the pleasure of a handsome and well-made entertainment .
is nothing to sneeze at these days
A piquant meditation
A playful Iranian parable
A playful Iranian parable about openness , particularly the
A playful Iranian parable about openness , particularly the need for people of diverse political perspectives to get along despite their ideological differences .
A pleasant piece of escapist entertainment
A pleasant piece of escapist entertainment .
strikes hardest ... when it reminds you how pertinent its dynamics remain
for its stylistic austerity and forcefulness
a movie that will stimulate hours of post viewing discussion , if only to be reminded of who did what to whom and why
a movie is more than a movie . Go .
a movie that is concerned with souls and risk and schemes and the consequences of one 's actions
a movie that understands characters must come first
a movie you can trust
feeling touched and amused by several moments and ideas
feelings of marginalization loom for every dreamer with a burst bubble
offers all the pleasure of a handsome and well-made entertainment
putting together any movies of particular value or merit
puts Washington , as honest working man John Q . Archibald , on a pedestal , then keeps lifting the pedestal higher .
jolting
jolly surprise
journalistic work that draws a picture of a man for whom political expedience became a deadly foreign policy
, non-exploitive approach
, nuanced
, not to mention mysterious , sensual , emotionally intense , and replete with virtuoso throat-singing .
, numa triste constatação da realidade histórica
the unique way Shainberg goes about telling what at heart is a sweet little girl
the unique way Shainberg
the utter cuteness of Stuart and Margolo
Great story ,
cutting-edge
cuts to the heart of American society in an unnerving way
Not everything in this ambitious comic escapade works , but Coppola , along with his sister , Sofia , is a real filmmaker . It must be in the genes
Not everything in this ambitious comic escapade works , but Coppola , along with his sister , Sofia , is a real filmmaker . It must be in the genes .
Not only better
looks back on those places he saw at childhood , and captures them by freeing them from artefact , and by showing them heartbreakingly drably .
Great story
win you over ,
cutting-edge indie filmmaking
, the movie is better than you might think .
muddled to be an effectively chilling guilty pleasure
much suspense
much to laugh at
quirky characters and an engaging story
84 minutes is short
the invisible hand of the marketplace wrote a script that no human screenwriter could have hoped to match .
An ambitiously naturalistic , albeit half-baked , drama about an abused , inner-city autistic teen .
to grow boring ... which proves that Rohmer still has a sense of his audience
to have a good time as it doles out pieces of the famous director 's life
to hand it to director George Clooney for biting off such a big job the first time out
knows how to make a point with poetic imagery
kooky which should appeal to women
labelled ` hip ' , ` innovative ' and ` realistic '
of the excellent cast
that leaks suspension
deserve a passing grade
But even while his characters are acting horribly , he is always sympathetic .
with nothing but net
perform entertaining tricks
But believe it or not , it 's one of the most beautiful , evocative works I 've seen .
perfectly inoffensive and harmless
throws herself into this dream Hispanic role with a teeth-clenching gusto
the audience can tell it 's not all new
the art of getting laid in this prickly indie comedy of manners and misanthropy
Third time 's the charm ...
Third time 's the charm
a story of two misfits who do n't stand a chance alone
a step in the right direction , with its blend of frankness , civility and compassion
a star vehicle
a stellar performance by Al Pacino
a star-making project
a step in the right direction
delivers all that and a whole lot
definitely in the guilty pleasure b-movie category , reign of fire
definitely in the guilty pleasure b-movie category , reign of fire is so incredibly inane that it is laughingly enjoyable
definitely in the guilty pleasure b-movie category , reign of fire is so incredibly inane that it is laughingly enjoyable .
delight
delivers all that and a whole lot more
the interests of doing them good
'd merely like to watch a solid tale about a universally interesting soul
manage to squeeze a few laughs out of the material
so memorable
Though it runs 163 minutes , Safe Conduct is anything but languorous .
Those who trek to the ` plex predisposed to like it probably will enjoy themselves .
Oh , and more entertaining , too .
its low-key quality and genuine tenderness
to places in the world devastated by war , famine and poverty and documented the cruelty and suffering he has found with an devastating , eloquent clarity
solid , satisfying fare for adults
recommend it for its originality
a lot like a well-made PB & J sandwich : familiar , fairly uneventful and boasting no real surprises -- but still quite tasty and inviting all the same
solid , satisfying
It 's a treat -- a delightful , witty , improbable romantic comedy with a zippy jazzy score ... Grant and Bullock make it look as though they are having so much fun
a lot like a well-made PB & J sandwich :
, composed delivery
that best describes this film : honest
compelling pre-WWII drama
compelling story to tell
compelling character
compelling allegory
compelling and horrifying story
compelling investigation
compelling is present Brown as a catalyst for the struggle of black manhood in restrictive and chaotic America ... sketchy but nevertheless gripping portrait of Jim Brown , a celebrated wonder in the spotlight
compelling dramatic
compelling dramatic means
a perfectly pleasant if slightly pokey
a perfectly pleasant if slightly pokey comedy .
that beneath the familiar , funny surface
a perfectly pleasant if slightly pokey comedy
that begins with the everyday lives of naval personnel in San Diego and ends with scenes so true and heartbreaking that tears welled up in my eyes both times I
an intellectual exercise
love Safe Conduct ( Laissez Passer ) for being a subtitled French movie that is 170 minutes long
A few energetic stunt sequences briefly enliven the film
A few zingers aside
has the usual impossible stunts
has the uncanny ability to right itself precisely when you think it 's in danger of going wrong
has the stuff to stand tall with Pryor , Carlin and Murphy
articulates a flood of emotion .
articulates the tangled feelings of particular New Yorkers deeply touched by an unprecedented tragedy .
articulates the tangled feelings of particular New Yorkers deeply touched by an unprecedented tragedy
arthouse . The power of this script , and the performances that come with it , is that the whole damned thing did n't get our moral hackles up .
arthouse . The power of this script , and the performances that come with it ,
articulates
articulate , grown-up voice
( Director Peter ) Jackson and
artistic abandon
essential
especially so
ethnic
This rush to profits has created a predictably efficient piece of business notable largely for its overwhelming creepiness , for an eagerness to create images you wish you had n't seen , which , in this day and age , is of course the point .
This real-life Hollywood fairy-tale is more engaging than the usual fantasies Hollywood produces .
This sensitive , smart , savvy , compelling coming-of-age drama
This sensitive , smart , savvy , compelling coming-of-age drama delves into the passive-aggressive psychology of co-dependence and the struggle for self-esteem .
well-made and
well-observed and
well shot and
of what was created for the non-fan to figure out what makes Wilco a big deal
Wonderful fencing scenes and an exciting plot
Wonderful fencing scenes and
Wonderful fencing scenes and an exciting plot make this an eminently engrossing film .
Wonderful
Wonder , hope and magic can never escape the heart of the boy when the right movie comes along , especially if it begins with the name of Star Wars
Wonderful fencing scenes
Wonderful Life
is interesting and good
messy and frustrating , but very pleasing at its best moments
his audience an epiphany
his best screen
his boisterous energy
of the greatest films
walked away from this new version of E.T. just as I hoped I would -- with moist eyes .
walked away from this new version of E.T. just as I hoped I would -- with moist eyes
of the great minds of our times
like a splendid meal
recommend this film more
It shows us a slice of life that 's very different from our own and yet instantly recognizable .
adventure and a worthwhile environmental message
to showcase
to several greek-american weddings -- but , happily
It sends you away a believer again and quite cheered at just that .
to say about reign of fire . great dragons
pretty good execution
as graceful
its impact is deeply and rightly disturbing
, you 'll be rewarded with some fine acting .
fans clamoring for another ride
that it was intended to be a different kind of film
fanciful drama
It picked me up , swung me around , and dropped me back in my seat with more emotional force than any other recent film .
Fontaine masterfully creates a portrait of two strong men in conflict , inextricably entwined through family history , each seeing himself in the other , neither liking what he sees .
For 95 often hilarious minutes
For Martin is made infinitely more wrenching by the performances of real-life spouses Seldahl and Wollter
and refined piece
For a debut film
and it 's what makes their project so interesting
and even marvels . So
and ear candy
of Patch Adams quietly freaking out
Preaches to two completely different choirs at the same time , which is a pretty amazing accomplishment .
he is one of the luckiest men alive
he shows them the respect they are due
he showcases Davies as a young woman of great charm , generosity and diplomacy
healthy sense
wo n't feel cheated by the high infidelity of Unfaithful
wo n't feel cheated by the high infidelity of Unfaithful .
witty , whimsical feature
witty and
witty , seductive
we have n't seen on the big screen before
wo n't be disappointed
wo n't be sorry
witty script
wizened
real magic , perhaps
real magic ,
a story that 's compelling and heartfelt -- even if the heart belongs to a big
Balk , who 's finally been given a part worthy of her considerable talents
a spirited and touching occasion
van der Groen , described as ` Belgium 's national treasure , '
van der Groen , described as ` Belgium 's national treasure , ' is especially terrific as Pauline
van der Groen , described as ` Belgium 's national treasure
van der Groen , described as ` Belgium 's national treasure ,
Dazzling in its complexity , disturbing for its extraordinary themes , The Piano Teacher is a film that defies categorisation . It haunts , horrifies , startles and fascinates ; it is impossible to look away . Ah yes , and then there 's the music ...
Dazzling in its complexity , disturbing for its extraordinary themes
De Niro ... is a veritable source of sincere passion that this Hollywood contrivance orbits around . '
Dazzles with its fully-written characters , its determined stylishness ( which always relates to characters and story ) and Johnny Dankworth 's best soundtrack in years
Dazzling in its complexity ,
Dazzling in its complexity
De Niro and Crystal having fun
A low-key labor of love that strikes a very resonant chord
A manically generous Christmas
A low-key labor of love that strikes a very resonant chord .
A lovely film ... elegant , witty and beneath a prim exterior unabashedly romantic ... hugely enjoyable in its own right though not really faithful to its source 's complexity .
A lovely film ... elegant , witty and beneath a prim exterior unabashedly romantic ... hugely enjoyable in its own right though not really faithful to its source 's complexity
A lovely film for the holiday season .
A lovely film for the holiday season
the film never succumbs to the trap of the maudlin or tearful , offering instead with its unflinching gaze a measure of faith in the future .
the film settles in and becomes compulsively watchable in a guilty-pleasure , daytime-drama sort of fashion .
A manically generous Christmas vaudeville .
the film more cohesive
is really funny
is really cute
witness the crazy confluence of purpose and taste
should strike a nerve in many .
stand the test of time
This may be Burns 's strongest film since The Brothers McMullen .
Murphy 's better performances in one of his lesser-praised movies
Murphy 's well-honed prima donna
Murphy 's better performances
of John C . Walsh 's Pipe Dream is the distinct and very welcome sense of watching intelligent people making a movie
Stuart Little 2 -- quite a rarity , even in the family film market . Eventually , it wins you over
Stupid Fun
Sturdy , entertaining period drama ... both Caine and Fraser have their moments .
of Jim Brown , a celebrated wonder in the spotlight
So could young romantics out on a date .
So vivid
has the sizzle of old news that has finally found the right vent ( accurate
bust your gut
has the right stuff for silly summer entertainment and has enough laughs to sustain interest to the end
buoyant , darkly funny dance
It 's a lovely , sad dance highlighted by Kwan 's unique directing style .
It 's a lovely , eerie film that casts an odd , rapt spell .
It 's a movie that accomplishes so much that one viewing ca n't possibly be enough .
It 's a masterpeice
It 's a great performance and a reminder of Dickens ' grandeur
It 's a fun adventure movie for kids ( of all ages ) that like adventure .
It 's a hoot watching The Rock chomp on jumbo ants , pull an arrow out of his back , and leap unscathed through raging fire !
It 's a head-turner -- thoughtfully written , beautifully read and , finally , deeply humanizing .
gathers plenty of dramatic momentum
It 's a piece of handiwork that shows its indie tatters and self-conscious seams in places , but has some quietly moving moments and an intelligent subtlety .
It 's a perfect show of respect to just one of those underrated professionals who deserve but rarely receive it .
geared
to the familiar topic of office politics
y muy entretenida
- style cross-country adventure ... it has sporadic bursts of liveliness , some so-so slapstick and a few ear-pleasing songs on its soundtrack .
- wow , you 've lost weight
like all four of the lead actors a lot
strong performances
style and ethnicity
stunning , dreamlike visuals
style and substance
sublime
Hermitage Museum
Heroes
relates to characters and story
just do
leave a lasting impression
The author 's devotees will probably find it fascinating ;
The author 's devotees will probably find it fascinating
awfully good , achingly human
awfully good , achingly human picture
awe and affection -- and a strange urge to get on a board and , uh , shred , dude
awe-inspiring
awe-inspiring , at times sublime , visuals
, it can easily worm its way into your heart . '
, it 's the very definition of epic adventure .
, it 's still unusually crafty and intelligent for Hollywood horror .
While centered on the life experiences of a particular theatrical family , this marvelous documentary touches -- ever so gracefully -- on the entire history of the Yiddish theater , both in America and Israel .
While it has definite weaknesses -- like a rather unbelievable love interest and a meandering ending -- this '60s caper film is a riveting , brisk delight .
, it does a bang-up job of pleasing the crowds
just about everything right
just about right
understands how to create and sustain a mood
to say that the film makes the viewer feel like the movie 's various victimized audience members after a while , but it also happens to be the movie 's most admirable quality
the self-image
some ( out-of-field ) creative thought
somber earnestness in the new adaptation of The Cherry Orchard
superior cast
give you a lot of laughs in this simple , sweet and romantic comedy
give credit to Affleck .
, Wilde 's play is a masterpiece of elegant wit and artifice
, Walt Becker 's film pushes all the demographically appropriate comic buttons .
, Treasure Planet is truly gorgeous to behold
of testing boundaries
The Château 's balance of whimsicality , narrative discipline and serious improvisation
The Chateau is a risky venture that never quite goes where you expect and often surprises you with unexpected comedy .
The Chateau belongs to Rudd , whose portrait of a therapy-dependent flakeball spouting French malapropisms ... is a nonstop hoot .
The Chateau belongs to Rudd , whose portrait of a therapy-dependent flakeball spouting French malapropisms ... is a nonstop hoot
The Chateau belongs to Rudd , whose portrait of a therapy-dependent flakeball spouting French malapropisms
should win the band a few new converts , too
plenty to impress about E . T
plenty of warmth to go around , with music and laughter and the love of family .
plenty of warmth to go around , with music and laughter and the love of family
that rare combination of entertainment and education
that rare combination
that rare combination of entertainment and education .
that there 's still a lot of life in Hong Kong cinema
to make of Steven Soderbergh 's Full Frontal , though that did n't stop me from enjoying much of it
thematically moving
thematically instructive
thematic coherence it largely makes up for as loosey-goosey , experimental entertainment . Still
spy flick worthy
future cult classic
squarely fills the screen .
get under the skin
the playwright Craig Lucas explored with infinitely more grace and eloquence in his Prelude to a Kiss
achieving some honest insight
achieving some honest insight into relationships that most high-concept films candy-coat with pat storylines , precious circumstances and beautiful stars
achieving some honest insight into relationships
the glorious , gaudy benefit of much stock footage of Those Days , featuring all manner of drag queen , bearded lady and lactating hippie
the glorious , gaudy benefit of much stock footage of Those Days
the good fight
the essence of a great one is in there somewhere .
the good intentions
venturesome , beautifully realized psychological mood piece
humanity or empathy
grittily beautiful
grittily beautiful film
gritty , sometimes funny
gritty realism and magic realism
groan and
venturesome
the quirky amazement that used to come along for an integral part of the ride
the trip there is a great deal of fun .
rapidly develops into a gut-wrenching examination of the way cultural differences and emotional expectations collide .
real-life persona
the trees hooting it 's praises
intelligent and considered in its details ,
its good qualities
its good nature and some genuinely funny moments
its good nature and
its heart in the right place
its groundbreaking small-screen progenitor
overcomes the script 's flaws and envelops the audience in his character 's anguish , anger and frustration
overcome the obstacles of a predictable outcome and a screenplay that glosses over Rafael 's evolution .
slightly sunbaked and summery mind , Sex and Lucia may well prove diverting enough .
sloppy , amusing
once playful and haunting , an in-depth portrait of an iconoclastic artist who was fundamentally unknowable even to his closest friends
once subtle and visceral
once playful and haunting
once playful and haunting ,
once in a while a film
once the falcon arrives in the skies above Manhattan , the adventure is on red alert
the unsung heroes of 20th century
This goofy gangster yarn
as analgesic balm
the heat that ignites this gripping tale
into a landmark role
t . just as i hoped i would
good actors , good poetry and good music help sustain it
Exploits ( headbanger ) stereotypes in good fun , while adding a bit of heart and unsettling subject matter .
Extraordinary debut
Extraordinary
Expect no major discoveries , nor any stylish sizzle , but the film sits with square conviction and touching good sense on the experience of its women
Expect no major discoveries , nor any stylish sizzle , but the film sits with square conviction and touching good sense on the experience of its women .
Extraordinary debut from Josh Koury
Even though we know the outcome , the seesawing of the general 's fate in the arguments of competing lawyers has the stomach-knotting suspense of a legal thriller , while the testimony of witnesses lends the film a resonant undertone of tragedy .
Even more baffling is that it 's funny
Even though the film does n't manage to hit all of its marks , it 's still entertaining to watch the target practice .
Even if the Naipaul original remains the real masterpiece
Even if the Naipaul original remains the real masterpiece , the movie possesses its own languorous charm .
an inkling of genuine wit
sympathetic characters
sympathetic without being gullible
symbiotic
symbiotic relationship
sympathy and intelligence
in ways that Soderbergh 's best films , '' Erin Brockovich , ''
that 's both charming and well acted
that 's better than its predecessor
a budget affair that exposes the generally sad existence of the Bedouins while providing a precious twinkle of insight into their lives .
a carefully balanced scenario
the right movie comes along , especially if it begins with the name of Star Wars
Spirit 's visual imagination
Spirited
Spirit 's visual imagination reminds you of why animation is such a perfect medium for children , because of the way it allows the mind to enter and accept another world .
, the suspense is palpable
If H . G . Wells had a time machine and could take a look at his kin 's reworked version , what would he say ? ` It looks good , Sonny
If H . G . Wells had a time machine and could take a look at his kin 's reworked version , what would he say ? ` It looks good , Sonny ,
Ichi the Killer '' , Takashi Miike , Japan 's wildest filmmaker gives us a crime fighter carrying more emotional baggage than Batman ...
celebrates middle-aged girl power ,
celebrates the human spirit with such unrelenting Dickensian decency that it turned me ( horrors ! ) into Scrooge .
that 's because Panic Room is interested in nothing more than sucking you in ... and making you sweat .
The acting alone is worth the price of admission .
The actors are so terrific at conveying their young angst
The acting , costumes , music , cinematography and sound are all astounding given the production 's austere locales .
The acting , costumes , music , cinematography and sound are all astounding
that 's as fresh-faced as its young-guns cast
a stunning technical achievement
a sturdiness and solidity that we 've long associated with Washington
a sturdiness and solidity
a stunning new young talent
a stunning film , a one-of-a-kind tour de force
a stunning new young talent in one of Chabrol 's most intense psychological mysteries
a stunning new young talent in one
musical back beat and supercharged cartoon warfare
murder-suicide fandango with great cinematic innovation
music doc
music to paint a picture of a subculture that is at once exhilarating , silly , perverse , hopeful and always fun
music , suspense and action
trying to find her way through life
Jonathan Parker 's Bartleby should have been the be-all-end-all of the modern-office anomie films .
Jolie gives it that extra little something that makes it worth checking out at theaters , especially if you 're in the mood for something more comfortable than challenging .
Jonah 's despair -- in all its agonizing , Catch-22 glory --
Their contrast
Theological
a certain timeless quality
a champion
Walt Becker 's film pushes all the demographically appropriate comic buttons .
could be , by its art and heart , a necessary one
takes a tongue-in-cheek attitude even as it pushes the Croc Hunter agenda .
talented director
could be considered a funny little film
of sophisticated , challenging filmmaking
of someone whose world is turned upside down , first by passion and then by illness
of solid female talent who build a seamless ensemble . There is n't a weak or careless performance
of slapstick humor for the kids , lots of in-jokes for the adults and heart enough for everyone
of solid female talent who build a seamless ensemble . There is n't a weak or careless performance amongst them
admire this film for its harsh objectivity and refusal to seek our tears , our sympathies .
admirers
of special anime magic
admire the closing scenes of the film , which seem to ask whether our civilization offers a cure for Vincent 's complaint .
admire this film for its harsh objectivity and refusal to seek our tears , our sympathies
personal self-discovery
perseverance and
perpetual sense
Happily for Mr . Chin -- though unhappily for his subjects -- the invisible hand of the marketplace wrote a script that no human screenwriter could have hoped to match .
Happily for Mr . Chin
Hardy
Happily
Methodical , measured , and gently tedious in its comedy , Secret Ballot is a purposefully reductive movie -- which may be why it 's so successful at lodging itself in the brain .
patient and tenacious
Janey
James Spader
's not exactly worth the bucks to expend the full price for a date , but when it comes out on video
Daring
Daring , mesmerizing and exceedingly hard
the insightful writer\/director responsible for this illuminating comedy
the improbable `` Formula 51 '' is somewhat entertaining
applauded for finding a new angle on a tireless story
Curves
Cusack 's just brilliant in this .
D . J . Caruso
a cruelly funny twist on teen comedy packed with inventive cinematic tricks and an ironically killer soundtrack
a cult favorite
Fisher has bared his soul and confronted his own shortcomings here in a way ... that feels very human and very true to life
Flavorful and
deftly change moods
deeply spiritual film taps into the meaning and consolation in afterlife communications .
delicate , clever
sincere , and just
a serious actioner ; the next
a serious actioner
a series of perfect black pearls clicking together to form a string
depict the french revolution from the aristocrats ' perspective
Ms. Redgrave 's noblest efforts
Ms. Seigner and Mr. Serrault bring fresh , unforced naturalism to their characters .
written so well , that even a simple `` Goddammit
written so well
written so well ,
hear Madame D. refer to her husband as ` Jackie ' -- and he does make for excellent company
healthy eccentric inspiration and ambition
an immensely appealing couple
moviemaking all the way
moved and love it
moved
move anyone who ever shook , rattled , or rolled
of California
of Chabrol 's most intense psychological mysteries
It haunts you ,
It haunts , horrifies , startles and fascinates ; it is impossible to look away
It haunts , horrifies , startles and fascinates ; it is impossible to look away .
It has plenty of laughs .
It haunts you , you ca n't forget it
work , love stories require the full emotional involvement and support of a viewer
to full effect the energetic cast
to further stoke the conversation
The Powerpuff Girls is a fast , frenetic , funny , even punny 6 -- aimed specifically at a grade-school audience .
The Piano Teacher is a film that defies categorisation . It haunts , horrifies , startles and fascinates ; it is impossible to look away . Ah yes , and then there 's the music ...
The Pianist is the film Roman Polanski may have been born to make .
The Pianist is Polanski 's best film .
vividly recalls the Cary Grant of Room for One More , Houseboat and Father Goose in its affectionate depiction of the gentle war between a reluctant , irresponsible man and the kid who latches onto him .
her character erects
it 's called Where 's Chris Tucker When You Need Him
the real thing
This bold and lyrical first feature from Raja Amari
her considerable talents
big stars and
this is the resurrection of the Halloween franchise
This clever caper movie
utilizing
this should keep you reasonably entertained .
irwin is so earnest that it 's hard to resist his pleas to spare wildlife and respect their environs
irwin is so earnest that it 's hard to resist his pleas to spare wildlife and respect their environs . there are far worse messages to teach a young audience , which will probably be perfectly happy with the sloppy slapstick comedy .
irwin is so earnest that it 's hard to resist his pleas to spare wildlife and respect their environs . there
irwin is so earnest that it 's hard to resist his pleas to spare wildlife and respect their environs .
to move us and
to move us and to make us examine our values
to move us
to make us examine our values
the buttons
to adopt as a generational signpost
to admit it 's semi-amusing to watch Robert DeNiro belt out '' When you 're a Jet
though that did n't stop me from enjoying much of it
though they may be overshadowed by some strong performances
though still positive ,
thoughtful , moving
thoughtful , moving piece
is hypnotic
scare the pants
scare the pants off you
sheer dynamism
is one of the most compelling variations on In the Company of Men
while illuminating an era of theatrical comedy that , while past ,
are reflected in almost every scene
are reflected in almost every scene .
are quite touching
Arliss Howard 's ambitious , moving , and adventurous directorial debut , Big Bad Love
Arliss Howard 's ambitious , moving , and adventurous directorial debut , Big Bad Love ,
Arliss Howard 's ambitious , moving , and adventurous directorial debut
Arliss Howard 's ambitious , moving , and adventurous directorial debut ,
Art-house to the core
Art-house to the core , Read My Lips is a genre-curling crime story that revives the free-wheeling noir spirit of old French cinema .
Arliss Howard 's ambitious , moving , and adventurous directorial debut , Big Bad Love , meets so many of the challenges it poses for itself that one can forgive the film its flaws .
, Blue Crush is highly enjoyable .
, Blue Crush is highly enjoyable . When it 's on dry land , though , this surfer-girl melodrama starts gasping like a beached grouper .
Despite what anyone believes about the goal of its makers , the show ... represents a spectacular piece of theater
Despite a story predictable enough to make The Sound of Music play like a nail-biting thriller , its heart is so much in the right place it is difficult to get really peeved at it .
Despite its flaws , Secretary stays in your head and makes you question your own firmly held positions .
Denzel Washington delivers a lean and engaging work .
how to win the battle
how to make us share their enthusiasm
bask in your own cleverness
company once again dazzle and delight us
compared to the usual , more somber festival entries , Davis ' highly personal brand of romantic comedy is a tart , smart breath of fresh air
unique feel
unique or memorable
uniquely felt with a sardonic jolt
uniquely sensual metaphorical dramatization
The movie is well crafted , and
universal appeal
universal human impulse
The movie is well crafted , and well executed . If you 're paying attention , the '' big twists '' are pretty easy to guess
Spirited Away is a triumph of imagination
The movie is well crafted , and well executed . If you 're paying attention , the '' big twists '' are pretty easy to guess - but that does n't make the movie any less entertaining .
Spirit is a visual treat ,
Spirit is a visual treat
Spirit is a visual treat , and it takes chances that are bold by studio standards
Spirit is a visual treat , and
Spirit is a visual treat , and it takes chances that are bold by studio standards , but
Spirit is a visual treat , and it takes chances that are bold by studio standards ,
Spirit is a visual treat , and it takes chances that are bold by studio standards , but it lacks a strong narrative .
an amazing breakthrough
spite of it
work its magic
words and
's the russian word for wow !
directs with such patronising reverence
works well and
The locations go from stark desert to gorgeous beaches . The story plays out slowly , but the characters are intriguing and realistic .
The locations go from stark desert to gorgeous beaches . The story plays out slowly , but the characters are intriguing and realistic
n't have to add up to mesmerize you
tub-thumpingly
the endlessly challenging maze of moviegoing
's like a poem
's hard to resist his pleas to spare wildlife and respect their environs
three-dimensional characters
've been as entranced and appalled by an Asian film since Shinya Tsukamoto 's Iron Man
's worth seeing just on the basis of the wisdom , and at times , the startling optimism , of the children
's worth seeing just on the basis of the wisdom , and at times , the startling optimism , of the children .
's witty and inventive , too
do films come along that are as intelligent , exuberant , and moving as Monsoon Wedding .
Led by Griffin 's smartly nuanced performance and enthusiasm
Led by Griffin 's smartly nuanced performance and enthusiasm , the cast has a lot of fun with the material .
Leave it to Rohmer , now 82 , to find a way to bend current technique to the service of a vision of the past that is faithful to both architectural glories and commanding open spaces of the city as it was more than two centuries ago
Leave it to Rohmer , now 82 , to find a way to bend current technique to the service of a vision of the past that is faithful to both architectural glories and commanding open spaces of the city as it was more than two centuries ago .
Lauren Ambrose comes alive under the attention from two strangers in town
Lauren Ambrose comes alive under the attention from two strangers in town - with honest performances and realistic interaction between the characters , this is a coming-of-age story with a twist .
Lawrence bounces ) all over the stage , dancing , running , sweating , mopping his face and generally displaying the wacky talent that brought him fame in the first place .
the highest power
a slightly naughty , just-above-average off - Broadway play
a small , personal film
a slap-happy mood
Lathan and Diggs carry the film with their charisma , and both exhibit sharp comic timing that makes the more hackneyed elements of the film easier to digest
Lathan and Diggs carry the film with their charisma , and both exhibit sharp comic timing that makes the more hackneyed elements of the film easier to digest .
Laugh-out-loud
Laugh-out-loud lines
all as Very Important
Laugh-out-loud lines , adorably ditsy but heartfelt performances , and sparkling
Laugh-out-loud lines , adorably ditsy but heartfelt performances , and sparkling ,
all of this , and more
spiritual journey
What could have been a pointed little chiller about the frightening seductiveness of new technology
What begins brightly
the highest power of all is the power of love
of common sense
the most multilayered and sympathetic female
I can channel one of my greatest pictures , Drunken Master
I ca n't remember the last time I saw an audience laugh so much during a movie , but there 's only one problem ...
truly good stuff
the most honest films ever made about Hollywood
the most honest films
the most haunting , viciously honest coming-of-age films
the most memorable cinema session
the young actors , not very experienced ,
truly good
It 's a good film ,
Impostor has a handful of thrilling moments and a couple of good performances
Impostor has a handful of thrilling moments and a couple of good performances , but
is a touching reflection on aging , suffering and the prospect of death .
is a sweet treasure and something well worth your time .
is a sweet treasure and something well worth your time
is a tale worth catching .
is a tale worth catching
is a surprisingly faithful remake of its chilly predecessor
is a superior horror flick .
dedicated and
darn good ,
darn good
daring , inventive and
daring , inventive
daring ,
dancing and fabulous music
It 's a good film
defines its music
defined ,
It 's a funny little movie with clever dialogue and likeable characters
was the best the contest received
'' is a probing examination of a female friendship set against a few dynamic decades
It 's up to ( Watts ) to lend credibility to this strange scenario , and
considered as a possible successor
The film is faithful to what one presumes are the book 's twin premises -- that we become who we are on the backs of our parents , but we have no idea who they were at our age ; and that time is a fleeting and precious commodity no matter how old you are
The film is faithful to what one presumes are the book 's twin premises -- that we become who we are on the backs of our parents , but
The film is faithful to what one presumes are the book 's twin premises -- that we become who we are on the backs of our parents
The film is explosive ,
a longtime Tolkien fan
you 're a fan of the books
you 'll probably see a bit of yourself in her unfinished story
you 're not fully aware is being examined ,
The wonderful combination of the sweetness and the extraordinary technical accomplishments of the first film
Ford deserves to be remembered at Oscar time for crafting this wonderful portrait of a conflicted soldier .
The wonderful combination of the sweetness and the extraordinary technical accomplishments of the first film are maintained ,
The wonderful combination of the sweetness and the extraordinary technical accomplishments of the first film are maintained
of this unique director 's previous films
of this stylish film that is able to visualize schizophrenia but is still confident enough to step back and look at the sick character with a sane eye
of those exceedingly rare films in which the talk alone is enough to keep us
blooper reel
viewed as pure composition and form --
viewed as a self-reflection or cautionary tale
considerable potential
of promise
of quality
of quirky characters and an engaging story
Thank God
with a wonderful ensemble cast of characters that bring the routine day to day struggles of the working class to life
sly wink
and applaud
and artfully
and artful
and at other times candidly revealing
and as detailed as a photograph
disgust , a thrill , or
engrossing and infectiously enthusiastic
engrossing and grim
engrossing piece . Lux , now in her eighties
engrossing portrait
engrossing and infectiously enthusiastic documentary
engrossing film
engrossing story
engrossing thriller
so accessible that it makes complex politics understandable to viewers looking for nothing but energetic entertainment
so funny
some fun
It 's not particularly well made , but since I found myself howling more than cringing , I 'd say the film works .
It 's not nearly as fresh or enjoyable as its predecessor , but there are enough high points to keep this from being a complete waste of time .
It 's not nearly as fresh or enjoyable as its predecessor , but there are enough high points to keep this from being a complete waste of time
It 's not particularly well made , but since I found myself howling more than cringing , I 'd say the film works
come to love
, epic way , daring , inventive and refreshingly unusual
most notable
to provide an enjoyable 100 minutes in a movie theater
roussillon providing comic relief
could be intriguing
the most obvious one
best Star Trek movie
benefits from several funny moments
best Korean film
the most legendary
palpable
pander to our basest desires
This is n't a terrible film by any means ,
suited to capture these musicians in full regalia
a cinema classic
a classic text
a classic text since Roland Joffé and Demi Moore
a clear point
traditional
suited
suitably elegant
a one liner as well as anybody
to care about them
If you 're paying attention , the `` big twists '' are pretty easy to guess - but that does n't make the movie any less entertaining
naturally poignant
the Shadows of Motown
About Schmidt is undoubtedly one of the finest films of the year .
About Schmidt belongs to Nicholson .
About half of them are funny , a few are sexy and
About the best thing you could say about Narc is that it 's a rock-solid little genre picture .
Lil Bow Wow takes the cake
Lillard and Cardellini earn their Scooby Snacks ,
Though it inspires some ( out-of-field ) creative thought
very witty
mature
not afraid to lay her life bare in front of an audience .
unusual power
not a classic , but odd , entertaining and authentic
not a mass-market entertainment but an uncompromising attempt by one artist to think about another
not afraid
, its ribald humor and touching nostalgia are sure to please anyone in search of a Jules and Jim for the new millennium .
, its ambitions are equally -- and admirably -- uncommercial .
, like Beatrice , has a watchful affection for the monster .
Sia lacks visual flair . But Kouyate elicits strong performances from his cast , and he delivers a powerful commentary on how governments lie , no matter who runs them .
, mesmerizing and exceedingly hard
usual tear
that will probably rank as one of Murphy 's better performances in one of his lesser-praised movies
inventive ,
inventive , consistently intelligent
inventive , consistently intelligent and
inventive , consistently intelligent and sickeningly savage
call it a work of art
call Reno a great film
A wild ride
A wild comedy that could only spring from the demented mind of the writer of Being John Malkovich .
true
as cool and crowd-pleasing as a documentary can get
to do with the casting of Juliette Binoche as Sand , who brings to the role her pale , dark beauty and characteristic warmth
to do with 94 minutes
to discover that Tian 's meticulous talent has not withered during his enforced hiatus
two fine actors
two fine actors ,
A wild comedy that could only spring from the demented mind of the writer of Being John Malkovich
A wild comedy that could only spring from the demented mind of the writer
tarted up with Latin flava and
seemed like a decent endeavor
requiring a great deal of thought
required viewing in university computer science departments for years to come
resistance and artistic transcendence
's an actor 's showcase that accomplishes its primary goal without the use of special effects , but rather by emphasizing the characters -- including the supporting ones
's an actor 's showcase that accomplishes its primary goal without the use of special effects , but rather by emphasizing the characters -- including the supporting ones .
's always enthralling
's always enthralling .
's always these rehashes to feed to the younger generations
's an actor 's showcase that accomplishes its primary goal without the use of special effects , but rather by emphasizing the characters
's an actor 's showcase that accomplishes its primary goal without the use of special effects , but rather by emphasizing the characters --
real-life story
realistic atmosphere
real star
real visual charge
Offers a clear-eyed chronicle of a female friendship that is more complex and honest than anything represented in a Hollywood film .
Your 20th outing shows off a lot of stamina and vitality , and get this
cinematic in scope
ultimate Depression-era gangster movie
ultimate point
in suspense , surprise and consistent emotional conviction
trifle that delivers its share of laughs and smiles .
convince us of that all on their own
trifle that delivers its share of laughs and smiles
the movie 's conception of a future-world holographic librarian ( Orlando Jones ) who knows everything and answers all questions , is visually smart , cleverly written , and nicely realized
tries to tell of the unspeakable
winning style
'll still like it now
get caught up in the thrill of the company 's astonishing growth
get inside you
movie starring charismatic tough guy Vinnie Jones
has one very funny joke and a few other decent ones
puts a human face on Derrida , and makes one of the great minds of our times interesting and accessible
that carries a charge of genuine excitement
that captures the innocence and budding demons within a wallflower
trial great fun
movie lights
that collect a bunch of people who are enthusiastic about something and then
that burn themselves upon the viewer 's memory
that can calm us of our daily ills and bring out joys in our lives that we never knew
that can be appreciated equally as an abstract Frank Tashlin comedy and as a playful recapitulation of the artist 's career
serves mostly to whet one 's appetite for the Bollywood films .
film that will enthrall the whole family
film that will enthrall the whole family .
film to watch
be ( Assayas ' ) homage to the Gallic ` tradition of quality
multi-layered and profoundly humanist ( not to mention gently political ) meditation
multi-layers
multi-character story
multi-layered
multi-layered and profoundly
what an unhappy , repressed and twisted personal life their tormentor deserved . These people are really going to love The Piano Teacher
what an idea , what a thrill ride . This is a more fascinating look at the future than '' Bladerunner '' and one of the most high-concept sci fi adventures attempted for the screen .
closed
... takes the beauty of baseball and melds it
shun her kids , travel to one of the most dangerous parts of the world , don fatigues and become G . I . Jane
of particular value or merit
of passion , grief and fear
... takes the beauty of baseball and melds it with a story that could touch anyone regardless of their familiarity with the sport
Could I have been more geeked when I heard that Apollo 13 was going to be released in IMAX format ? In a word : No .
Could have been crisper and punchier , but it 's likely to please audiences who like movies that demand four hankies .
Could have been crisper and punchier , but it 's likely to please audiences who like movies that demand four hankies
in its bold presentation
in its affectionate depiction of the gentle war between a reluctant , irresponsible man and the kid who latches onto him
in its laid-back way
explore its principal characters with honesty , insight and humor
flair and bouncing bravado
a ride that 's consistently surprising , easy to watch -- but , oh , so dumb
a riddle wrapped in a mystery inside an enigma
a film that celebrates radical
an intelligent person
well-directed and
natural , unforced style
well-deserved
treasured
human comedy at its most
human comedy at its most amusing , interesting and confirming
human kindness and hopefulness
well-deserved reputation
'd live in if Argento 's Hollywood counterparts ... had this much imagination and nerve
'd be lying if I said my ribcage did n't ache by the end of Kung Pow .
'd be lying if I said my ribcage did n't ache by the end of Kung Pow
'd do well to check this one out because it 's straight up Twin Peaks action ...
'd do well to check this one out because it 's straight up Twin Peaks action
female empowerment
a harrowing drama
a harrowing drama that tries to tell of the unspeakable
a haunting dramatization
a haunting dramatization of a couple 's moral ascension
a haunting ode to humanity
a heartfelt conviction
a high note
a high water mark
it is a kind , unapologetic , sweetheart of a movie
it is a gripping , tidy little movie that takes Mr . Hill higher than he 's been in a while .
avid interest
it intriguing , bizarre , Dogma-like in spots - and quite truthful ,
but something far more stylish and cerebral
Joe Jarvis and Greg Coolidge . These are names to remember
At first , the sight of a blind man directing a film is hilarious , but
is best when illustrating the demons bedevilling the modern masculine journey .
is beautifully
is brilliant as the sleep-deprived Dormer , his increasing weariness as much existential
is both inspiring and pure joy .
is both inspiring and pure joy
is careful not to make fun of these curious owners of architectural oddities . Instead , he shows them the respect they are due
of comfort food for the mind
of dynamite at the very end
of charisma and menace
A rock-solid gangster movie with a fair amount
A rock-solid gangster movie with a fair amount of suspense , intriguing characters and bizarre bank robberies , plus a heavy dose of father-and-son dynamics
A rock-solid gangster movie with a fair amount of suspense , intriguing characters and bizarre bank robberies , plus a heavy dose of father-and-son dynamics .
of elegant symmetry that 's rare in film today
of elegant symmetry
A riveting story well told .
A rock-solid gangster movie
display an original talent
Glass 's dirgelike score
Gives everyone
Gives everyone something
Gives everyone something to shout about .
the surest bet
the stuff of lurid melodrama
the stylistic rigors
especially terrific as Pauline
It 's got all the familiar Bruckheimer elements , and Schumacher does probably as good a job as anyone at bringing off the Hopkins\/Rock collision of acting styles and onscreen personas
It 's got all the familiar Bruckheimer elements ,
It 's excessively quirky and a little underconfident in its delivery , but otherwise this is the best ` old neighborhood ' project since Christopher Walken kinda romanced Cyndi Lauper in The Opportunists .
It 's funny . It wears its heart on the sleeve of its gaudy Hawaiian shirt
It 's excessively quirky and a little underconfident in its delivery , but otherwise this is the best ` old neighborhood ' project since Christopher Walken kinda romanced Cyndi Lauper in The Opportunists
are incredibly captivating and insanely funny , thanks in part to interesting cinematic devices ( cool visual backmasking ) , a solid cast , and some wickedly sick and twisted humor
are incredibly captivating and insanely funny , thanks in part to interesting cinematic devices ( cool visual backmasking ) , a solid cast , and some wickedly sick and twisted humor ...
are incredibly captivating and insanely funny
are incredibly captivating and insanely funny ,
are interesting and often very creatively constructed from figure to backstory .
in four years
in films
in grand , uncomplicated fashion
in himself
Strange occurrences build in the mind of the viewer and take on extreme urgency .
to admit that somehow it hit you where you live
offers an interesting bit of speculation
offers an intriguing what-if premise
offers an interesting bit of speculation as to the issues Brecht faced as his life drew to a close .
offers a solid build-up , a terrific climax , and some nice chills along the way
offers a thoughtful and rewarding glimpse into the sort of heartache everyone
offers a thoughtful and rewarding glimpse
offers an intriguing what-if premise .
the story to actually give them life
Despite lagging near the finish line , the movie runs a good race , one that will have you at the edge of your seat for long stretches . '
Despite its title , Punch-Drunk Love is never heavy-handed .
Designed to provide a mix of smiles and tears
Despite a quieter middle section , involving Aragorn 's dreams of Arwen , this is even better than The Fellowship .
the striking , quietly vulnerable personality
surpassed himself with the magic he 's spun with the Hollywood empress of Ms . Leoni 's Ellie
surprise some who thought light-hearted comedy was his forte
surpassed
surprising about Full Frontal
surprising depth in its look
surprised me how much pleasure I had watching McGrath 's version
surprised me how much pleasure I had watching McGrath 's version .
surprising new life
is anything but languorous
is and always has been remarkable about clung-to traditions
is an undeniably intriguing film from an adventurous young talent who finds his inspiration on the fringes of the American underground .
is an undeniably intriguing film from an adventurous young talent who finds his inspiration on the fringes of the American underground
is an uncompromising film .
its Labor Day weekend upload
Blue Crush '' is the phenomenal , water-born cinematography by David Hennings
Blockbuster
Boisterous , heartfelt comedy
Boisterous , heartfelt comedy .
opulent
oppressive , morally superior good-for-you quality
neatly into the category of Good Stupid Fun
neatly
nearly perfect in its relentless descent to the depths of one man
into parapsychological phenomena and the soulful nuances
into one of the summer 's most pleasurable movies
into feel-good territory
-- putting together familiar themes of family , forgiveness and love in a new way -- Lilo & Stitch has a number of other assets to commend it to movie audiences both innocent and jaded .
what you 're in the mood for
aspiring
as tricky and satisfying
as their natural instinct for self-preservation
as revealed through the eyes of some children who remain curious about each other against all odds
the very top rank of French filmmakers
fisher has bared his soul and confronted his own shortcomings here in a way ...
fisher has bared his soul and confronted his own shortcomings here in a way ... that feels very human and very true to life .
fisher has bared his soul and confronted his own shortcomings here in a way ... that feels very human and very true to life
fits
with an open mind and considerable good cheer
with an intelligent , life-affirming script
with an intimate feeling , a saga of the ups and downs of friendships
with an eye on preserving a sense of mystery
with an important message to tell
with an elegance and maturity
with all the stomach-turning violence , colorful New York gang lore and other hallmarks of his personal cinema painted on their largest-ever historical canvas
still a nice little picture , made by bright and friendly souls with a lot of good cheer
a strangely stirring experience that finds warmth in the coldest environment and makes each crumb of emotional comfort feel like a 10-course banquet .
a strong
a strangely stirring experience that finds warmth in the coldest environment and makes each crumb of emotional comfort
a strangely stirring experience that finds warmth in the coldest environment and makes each crumb of emotional comfort feel like a 10-course banquet
a strong script , powerful direction
a strong script , powerful direction and
a strong script
like peace
a strong script , powerful direction and splendid production design
fitfully entertaining
still , the derivative Nine Queens is lots of fun
Stay for the credits
Stay clear of reminding yourself that it 's a `` true story '' and you 're likely to have one helluva time at the movies .
Stay clear of reminding yourself that it 's a `` true story '' and you 're likely to have one helluva time at the movies
have a distinct flair .
Starts slowly , but Adrien Brody -- in the title role -- helps make the film 's conclusion powerful and satisfying .
Starts slowly , but Adrien Brody -- in the title role -- helps make the film 's conclusion powerful and satisfying
have a bright sheen .
various sources
'' exceeds expectations . Good fun , good action , good acting , good dialogue , good pace
'' and that he 's going to make a splash even greater than Arnold Schwarzenegger , Jean-Claud Van Damme or Steven Segal
'' you 'll get a sock-you-in-the-eye flick that is a visual tour-de-force and a story that is unlike any
leaps over national boundaries
with the delight of discovery
with the excitement of the festival in Cannes
leads to a satisfying destination
leads up to a strangely sinister happy ending
the snow games and lovable Siberian huskies ( plus one sheep dog )
in breaking codes and making movies .
have to see this !
have thought possible
have to salute writer-director Haneke ( he adapted Elfriede Jelinek 's novel ) for making a film that is n't nearly as graphic but much more powerful , brutally shocking and difficult to watch
have to salute writer-director Haneke ( he adapted Elfriede Jelinek 's novel ) for making a film that is n't nearly as graphic but much more powerful , brutally shocking and difficult to watch .
have to give them credit for : The message of the movie
of its marks
of its heightened , well-shaped dramas
Simone is not a bad film .
a very original artist in his medium
a visceral sense of its characters ' lives
a visceral sense of its characters ' lives and conflicted emotions that carries it far above ... what could have been a melodramatic , Lifetime Channel-style anthology
In its own floundering way , it gets to you .
A splendid entertainment , young in spirit but accomplished in all aspects with the fullness of spirit and sense of ease that comes only with experience .
work from a gifted director who definitely has something on his mind .
Toes the fine line between cheese and earnestness remarkably well
Todd Solondz takes aim on political correctness and suburban families .
To the degree that ivans xtc . works , it 's thanks to Huston 's revelatory performance .
Toes the fine line between cheese and earnestness remarkably well ; everything is delivered with such conviction that it 's hard not to be carried away
Toes the fine line between cheese and earnestness remarkably well ; everything is delivered with such conviction that it 's hard not to be carried away .
has a key strength in its willingness to explore its principal characters with honesty , insight and humor .
has a key strength in its willingness to explore its principal characters with honesty , insight and humor
has a dashing and resourceful hero ; a lisping , reptilian villain ; big fights ; big hair ; lavish period scenery ; and a story just
has a dashing and resourceful hero ; a lisping , reptilian villain ; big fights ; big hair ; lavish period scenery ; and a story
has a dashing and resourceful hero ; a lisping , reptilian villain ; big fights ; big hair ; lavish period scenery ; and a story just complicated enough to let you bask in your own cleverness as you figure it out .
has a dashing and resourceful hero ; a lisping , reptilian villain ; big fights ; big hair ; lavish period scenery ; and a story just complicated enough to let you bask in your own cleverness as you figure it out
has a gentle , unforced intimacy that never becomes claustrophobic
has a good line in charm
has a gentle , unforced intimacy that never becomes claustrophobic .
created an unusually vivid set of characters worthy of its strong cast
work from a gifted director who definitely has something on his mind
his excellent cast
that should n't make the movie or the discussion any less enjoyable
the look and the period trappings right
this story is really all about
with a pronounced Monty Pythonesque flavor
meaty subject
meaty
top-notch
it strangely magnetic
that 's enough to sustain laughs
that 's amusing enough while you watch it , offering fine acting moments and pungent insights into modern L . A .
though I like the creepy ideas
`` Brown Sugar '' admirably aspires to be more than another `` Best Man '' clone by weaving a theme throughout this funny film .
`` Bowling for Columbine '' remains a disquieting and thought-provoking film ...
`` Blue Crush '' is the phenomenal , water-born cinematography by David Hennings
`` Big Deal on Madonna Street '' that 's a sly , amusing , laugh-filled little gem in which the ultimate `` Bellini '' begins to look like a `` real Kaputschnik
more than a chuckle , and
more than a chuckle , and more jokes land
chilling , and affecting
chilling , and affecting study
, delicately performed
, deeply absorbing piece
, decisive moments
it 's done with a lot of careful period attention as well as some very welcome wit
it 's done with a lot of careful period attention as well as some very welcome wit .
it 's also extremely effective .
, delivers the goods and audiences will have a fun , no-frills ride .
The leanest and meanest of Solondz 's misanthropic comedies .
The leanest and meanest of Solondz 's misanthropic comedies
The leanest and meanest
The leads are natural and lovely
The level of acting elevates the material above pat inspirational status and gives it a sturdiness and solidity that we 've long associated with Washington the actor .
The lightest , most breezy movie Steven Spielberg has made in more than a decade .
The lightest , most breezy movie Steven Spielberg
not a film to rival to live , but a fine little amuse-bouche to keep your appetite whetted .
not a film to rival to live , but a fine little amuse-bouche to keep your appetite whetted
not a film to rival to live , but a fine little amuse-bouche to keep your appetite
punching up the mix
occasionally fun enough
his frailty to suggest the ravages of a life of corruption and ruthlessness
his legendary sitcom
'm all for that
that expands into a meditation on the deep deceptions of innocence
that extravagantly redeems it
that explore the seamy underbelly of the criminal world
that families looking for a clean , kid-friendly outing should investigate
see a movie that takes such a speedy swan dive from `` promising '' to `` interesting ''
Cagney 's ` top of the world '
warm and well-told
warm and well-told tale
warm and charming
warm , inviting , and
warm , inviting , and surprising
bear the laughter
Arnold 's
unlimited access to families and church meetings
Brown Sugar is such a sweet and sexy film
puts itself squarely in the service of the lovers who inhabit it
an iconoclastic artist
an honored screen veteran and a sparkling newcomer who instantly transform themselves into a believable mother\/daughter pair
an honored screen veteran
an honesty and dignity that breaks your heart
an honesty and dignity
an homage to Them , Tarantula and other low - budget B-movie thrillers of the 1950s and '60s
as it is a unique , well-crafted psychological study of grief
scathing and joyous . It 's a masterpeice .
scathing and joyous .
scathing and joyous . It 's a masterpeice
Nohe 's documentary about the event is sympathetic without being gullible
No worse a film than Breaking Out , and Breaking Out was utterly charming .
Best Picture '
Best Picture
distinguished actor
with an avid interest in the subject
showcases the passions of both the director and novelist Byatt .
` uplifting '
wonderful portrait
will entertain with their gross outs , bawdy comedy and head games
will enjoy
whole-heartedly recommend that everyone see this movie -- for its historical significance alone .
why either is impossible -- which forces us to confront what 's possible and what we might do to make it so
whole-heartedly
frighteningly capable
friendship , family and affection
dances on the edge
damned wonderful
damn fine
your seat a couple of times
your mind is being blown
your interest until the end and even leaves you with a few lingering animated thoughts .
your seat with its shape-shifting perils , political intrigue and brushes
its effectiveness
its emotional power
its emotional power and moments of revelation
you can release your pent up anger
, verve and fun
love reading and\/or poetry
rank as one of the cleverest , most deceptively amusing comedies of the year .
wonderful movie
Enormously entertaining for moviegoers of any age
Enjoy
Enjoy it for what it is
Engrossing
are immune to the folly of changing taste and attitude
are good in Pauline & Paulette
are frequently more fascinating than the results . Last Dance , whatever its flaws , fulfills one facet of its mission in making me want to find out whether , in this case , that 's true .
are head and shoulders above much of the director 's previous popcorn work .
are head and shoulders above much of the director 's previous popcorn work
are hoping it will be , and in that sense is a movie that deserves recommendation
are idiosyncratic enough to lift the movie above its playwriting 101 premise .
are idiosyncratic enough to lift the movie above its playwriting 101 premise
your wallet without leaving a sting
its performances are so well tuned that the film comes off winningly , even though it 's never as solid as you want it to be
love Cinema Paradiso , whether the original version or new Director 's Cut
its pathos-filled but ultimately life-affirming finale
its own direction
its own considerable achievement
Consider it ` perfection
is every bit as fascinating as it is flawed .
is extraordinary
is extraordinary .
is extremely funny ,
is extremely funny , the first part making up for any flaws that come later
Consistently clever and suspenseful .
If Oscar had a category called Best Bad Film You Thought Was Going To Be Really Awful But Was n't
on the local flavour with a hugely enjoyable film about changing times , clashing cultures and the pleasures of a well-made pizza
consumed by lust and love
definitely
decent
definitely in the guilty pleasure b-movie category ,
definitely in the guilty pleasure b-movie category
a certain charm
a certain ambition
a century and a half ago
a captivating drama that will speak to the nonconformist in us all
a captivating drama
a capable thriller
a buoyant , expressive flow of images
a buoyant , expressive flow
strives to be intimate and socially encompassing but
incredibly captivating and
its purest and , yes , most intimidating form
its purest form
its profound self-evaluation message about our fragile existence and the absence of spiritual guidance
what an idea , what a thrill ride .
what an idea , what a thrill ride
A French film with a more down-home flavor
A French film with a more down-home flavor .
Charming and funny ( but ultimately silly ) movie
the vital comic ingredient of the hilarious writer-director himself
the wake of Saving Private Ryan
sometimes clever , and always interesting
strives
the war movie compendium
have potential as a cult film
have potential as a cult film ,
have potential
register strongly
refreshing , disarming ,
refreshing , disarming
reflective and
are both excellent ,
are both excellent , in the kind of low-key way that allows us to forget that they are actually movie folk
are both excellent , in the kind of low-key way that allows us to forget that they are actually movie folk .
are among cinema 's finest this year
are an immensely appealing couple
are anguished , bitter and truthful
out the latent 15-year-old romantic in everyone
outshine
modern-day comedies
modest , crowd-pleasing goals
feels like a streetwise McLaughlin Group ... and never fails to entertain
feels like a streetwise McLaughlin Group ... and never fails to entertain .
feels like just one more
believe the cast and crew thoroughly enjoyed themselves and believed in their small-budget film
believable and
believable and heart-wrenching
believed in their small-budget film
, invigorating fun lacking any MTV puffery
, intelligent psychological drama .
, insistently humanizing
, if you 're a connoisseur of psychological horror , this is your ticket .
engulfing you
engulfing you in its world and
engaged in a ferocious debate for years
engages your brain
emotionally rich , poetically plump
emotionally rich , poetically plump and
embraces the time-honored truth
emotionally rich ,
effective and
and fun to see Goodall and her chimpanzees on the bigger-than-life screen
powerful emotions
powerful documentary
and genuine tenderness
powerful and reasonably fulfilling
powerful and deeply moving example
powerful and deeply moving
powerful and astonishingly vivid Holocaust drama
powerful and universal
powerful and telling
powerful and reasonably fulfilling gestalt
gritty prison authenticity
and good-hearted
full circle
fulfilling practically every expectation either a longtime Tolkien fan or a movie-going neophyte
fueled by the light comedic work of Zhao Benshan and the delicate ways of Dong Jie
able to resolve some of the confusions you had while watching it
able to give full performances
able to tear their eyes away from the screen
on one of America 's most durable obsessions
`` Sade '' covers the same period as Kaufmann 's `` Quills '' with more unsettlingly realistic results .
unlike so many other Hollywood movies of its ilk
the Lord
the Little Chinese Seamstress that transforms this story about love and culture into a cinematic poem
want to look it up
sound effects
to become a landmark in Japanese animation
Read My Lips is an original .
Rarely do films come along that are as intelligent , exuberant , and moving as Monsoon Wedding .
Rare Birds has more than enough charm to make it memorable .
he is for on screen thrills
he has given his tale a warm glow
he has drawn excellent performances from his cast .
he has drawn excellent performances from his cast
he does well
smitten document of a troubadour , his acolytes , and the triumph of his band .
smile
smoky and inviting
smoky and
extend your arms
Hey , Happy ! is many things -- stoner midnight flick , sci-fi deconstruction , gay fantasia -- but above all it 's a love story as sanguine as its title
an unseemly pleasure
would look a lot like this alarming production , adapted from Anne Rice 's novel The Vampire Chronicles
who have reached the absolute top of the game
MacDowell ... gives give a solid , anguished performance that eclipses nearly everything else she 's ever done .
Macy
Edward Burns ' best film
Amazing ! A college story that works even without vulgarity , sex scenes , and cussing !
no denying the physically spectacular qualities of the film ... or the emotional integrity of the performances
( A ) thoughtful , visually graceful work .
( At least ) Moore is a real charmer .
( Breheny 's ) lensing
-- as pleasantly in its own way as its self-dramatizing characters
devastating indictment
devastating documentary on two maladjusted teens in a downward narcotized spiral . Extraordinary debut from Josh Koury
devastatingly powerful and astonishingly vivid Holocaust drama
devastatingly powerful and astonishingly vivid Holocaust drama .
-- both colorful pop junk and the classics that unequivocally qualify as art --
a superb
that holds interest in the midst of a mushy , existential exploration of why men leave their families
a superb performance
that his funniest moment comes when he falls about ten feet onto his head
that his genre and his character construct is a wonderous accomplishment of veracity and narrative grace
that held my interest precisely because it did n't try to
that hews out a world and carries us effortlessly from darkness to light
Broomfield has compelling new material
Broomfield reminds us that beneath the hype , the celebrity , the high life , the conspiracies and the mystery there were once a couple of bright young men -- promising , talented , charismatic and tragically doomed .
whole new level
that he can cross swords with the best of them and helm a more traditionally plotted popcorn thriller while surrendering little of his intellectual rigor or creative composure
makes it a comic book with soul
A feel-good picture in the best sense of the term
whimsy
whimsy and spoon
A film that takes you inside the rhythms of its subject :
a fresh , quirky charm to the formula
a fresh take
not only to his craft , but to his legend
wise folks that they are
wise men
winning actor
wins you over in the end
cast , but beautifully shot
cast , but beautifully
case with projects such noble and lofty ambitions
, Read My Lips is an original . This is a story of two misfits who do n't stand a chance alone
, Rampling gives a performance that could not be improved upon .
, Pumpkin is definitely a unique modern fairytale .
, Personal Velocity gathers plenty of dramatic momentum .
, Paxton has tapped something in himself as an actor that provides Frailty with its dark soul .
, Napoleon 's journey is interesting
, Roger Dodger is one of the most compelling variations on In the Company of Men .
the delight of discovery
who segues from Oscar winner to Oscar-winning potential with a smooth sleight of hand
Ambitious , unsettling psychodrama that takes full , chilling advantage of its rough-around-the-edges , low-budget constraints
friendly film
a daring if overlong examination
organic intrigue
( and educational )
( and funnier
, we hope it 's only acting .
, well , funnier .
, well-made B movie
sterling performances
had more fun with Ben Stiller 's Zoolander , which I thought was rather clever
stark beauty
dare to build a movie around some flawed but rather unexceptional women , emerging with a fine character study that 's short on plot but rich in the tiny revelations of real life .
dare to build a movie around some flawed but rather unexceptional women , emerging with a fine character study that 's short on plot but rich in the tiny revelations of real life
the enduring strengths
, but it introduces viewers to a good charitable enterprise and some interesting real people
In his determination to lighten the heavy subject matter
, but it is a refreshingly forthright one .
the endeavor
About one in three gags in White 's intermittently wise script hits its mark
About The Benjamins that 's hard to resist
About as enjoyable
About Schmidt belongs to Nicholson . Gone are the flamboyant mannerisms that are the trademark of several of his performances . As Schmidt , Nicholson walks with a slow , deliberate gait , chooses his words carefully and subdues his natural exuberance .
About Schmidt is Nicholson 's goofy , heartfelt , mesmerizing King Lear .
great submarine stories
great to look at
great trashy fun that finally returns De Palma to his pulpy thrillers of the early '80s
frisky
of Ellis ' book
cleverness
clever and unflinching in its comic barbs , slap her is a small but rewarding comedy that takes aim at contemporary southern adolescence and never lets up .
to re-create the excitement of such '50s flicks as Jules Verne 's ' 20,000 Leagues Under the Sea ' and the George Pal version of H.G. Wells ' ` The Time Machine
have been a neat little story about believing in yourself
climax
have an interest in the characters you see
While Cherish does n't completely survive its tonal transformation from dark comedy to suspense thriller , it 's got just enough charm and appealing character quirks to forgive that still serious problem .
-- who are obviously pretty clever
-- who are obviously pretty clever --
is a goofy pleasure
While Parker and co-writer Catherine di Napoli are faithful to Melville 's plotline , they and a fully engaged supporting cast ... have made the old boy 's characters more quick-witted than any English Lit major would have thought possible .
While Parker and co-writer Catherine di Napoli are faithful to Melville 's plotline , they and a fully engaged supporting cast ... have made the old boy 's characters more quick-witted than any English Lit
While Insomnia is in many ways a conventional , even predictable remake , Nolan 's penetrating undercurrent of cerebral and cinemantic flair lends ( it ) stimulating depth .
-- and far less crass
-- and far less crass -
the film ) addresses in a fascinating , intelligent manner the intermingling of race , politics and local commerce
the film , sporting a breezy spontaneity and realistically drawn characterizations ,
to some lovely comedic moments and several fine performances
the film 's otherworldly quality
energy , intelligence and verve
the film 's otherworldly quality , giving it a strange combo of you-are-there closeness with the disorienting unreality of the seemingly broken-down fourth wall of the movie screen
monumental achievement
the heart of the movie
set up
been perfect for an old `` Twilight Zone '' episode
been replaced with Morph , a cute alien creature who mimics everyone and everything around
's significant without being overstated
been more geeked when I heard that Apollo 13 was going to be released in IMAX format
been part of For the most part Wilde 's droll whimsy helps `` Being Earnest '' overcome its weaknesses and Parker 's creative interference
Certainly the performances are worthwhile .
Chaiken 's ) talent lies in an evocative , accurate observation of a distinctive milieu
Challenging
Challenging ,
Challenging , intermittently engrossing and unflaggingly creative .
the talents of Robert Forster , Anne Meara , Eugene Levy , and Reginald VelJohnson
's the best film of the year so far , the benchmark against which all other Best Picture contenders should be measured
of magic and whimsy for children , a heartfelt romance for teenagers and a compelling argument about death , both pro and con , for adults
warm-blooded empathy
warmth and longing
though occasionally fun enough to make you
brimming with gentle humor , bittersweet pathos , and lyric moments
ca n't quite negotiate the many inconsistencies in Janice 's behavior or compensate for them by sheer force of charm
a gleefully
Secretary '' is owned by its costars , Spader and
pack some serious suspense
on It 's a Wonderful Life marathons and bored with A Christmas Carol , it might just be the movie you 're looking for .
packed to bursting with incident , and with scores of characters , some fictional , some from history
packed with inventive cinematic tricks and an ironically killer soundtrack
has the right stuff for silly summer entertainment
understands , in a way that speaks forcefully enough about the mechanisms of poverty to transcend the rather simplistic filmmaking .
has the glorious , gaudy benefit of much stock footage of Those Days , featuring all manner of drag queen , bearded lady and lactating hippie
has the feel of a summer popcorn movie . Nothing too deep or substantial . Explosions , jokes , and sexual innuendoes abound .
has the potential for Touched by an Angel simplicity and
has the high-buffed gloss and high-octane jolts you expect of De Palma , but what makes it transporting is that it 's also one of the smartest
heartfelt story
heartfelt appeal
heart-string plucking
of longing , lasting traces of Charlotte 's web of desire and desperation
to move anyone who ever shook , rattled , or rolled
not far down the line , to find a place among the studio 's animated classics
not falling into the Hollywood trap and making a vanity project with nothing new to offer
feel-good sentiments
feeling like no other film in recent history
soulful , scathing and
soulful , scathing and joyous
sort of loved the people onscreen , even though I could not stand them .
soulful ,
because of its epic scope
because its flabbergasting principals , 14-year-old Robert MacNaughton , 6-year-old Drew Barrymore and 10-year-old Henry Thomas , convince us of the existence of the wise , wizened visitor from a faraway planet
because it includes segments of 12 songs at a reunion concert
because Australia is a weirdly beautiful place
become a Spielberg trademark
more truth than any ` reality ' show
more than a movie .
more than capable
more than capable of rewarding them
more than that , it 's a work of enthralling drama
more thoughtful comedies
more thoughtful comedies with interesting conflicted characters
more traditional action genre
an ` E ' for effort
a neat little story
a neat little story about believing in yourself
a new action hero
a new art form
Stephen Rea , Aidan Quinn , and Alan Bates play Desmond 's legal eagles , and when joined by Brosnan , the sight of this grandiloquent quartet lolling in pretty Irish settings is a pleasant enough thing , ` tis
Stephen Rea , Aidan Quinn , and Alan Bates play Desmond 's legal eagles , and when joined by Brosnan , the sight of this grandiloquent quartet lolling in pretty Irish settings is a pleasant enough thing , ` tis .
the bigger-than-life screen
generate the belly laughs of lowbrow comedy without sacrificing its high-minded appeal
understanding a unique culture that is presented with universal appeal
generate suspense rather than gross out the audience
is too cute
underrated professionals
and she is backed by a likable cast .
and sensitive
underscore the importance of family tradition and familial community
brilliantly played
if the film is well-crafted and this one is
a little more visually polished , a little funnier , and a little more
a little more visually polished , a little funnier , and a little more madcap
a loosely autobiographical story brushed with sentimentality but brimming with gentle humor
fantastic movie
fantastically
fantastically vital
fantastically vital movie
brilliant four
bright spot
first scene
smashing success
a true adaptation
huge action sequence
in Venice
in Risky Business has an actor made such a strong impression in his underwear .
's as raw and action-packed an experience as a ringside seat at a tough-man contest
's as raw and action-packed an experience as a ringside seat at a tough-man contest .
in Heaven
`` interesting ''
stays in your head and
if signs is a good film , and it is
Eric Schweig and Graham Greene both exude an air of dignity that 's perfect for the proud warrior that still lingers in the souls of these characters .
Eric Rohmer 's economical antidote to the bloated costume drama
throughout a film that is both gripping and compelling
capture so perfectly
extremely effective
extends the writings of Jean Genet and John Rechy , the films of Fassbinder , perhaps even the nocturnal works of Goya
extends the writings of Jean Genet and John Rechy , the films of Fassbinder , perhaps even the nocturnal works of Goya .
throughout this funny film
fair , even coming from the drive-thru
it does somehow manage to get you under its spell .
Some stunning visuals
's a humble effort , but spiced with wry humor and genuine pathos , especially between Morgan and Redgrave
's a humble effort , but spiced with wry humor and genuine pathos , especially between Morgan and Redgrave .
're in a mind set for goofy comedy
's a beaut
's a beaut .
to Martin Scorsese
transformed into the stronger of the two films by the thinnest of margins
translates
's difficult for a longtime admirer of his work to not be swept up in Invincible and overlook its drawbacks
translates Naipaul 's lively mix of characters from the page to screen .
transporting or gripping film
is sacred in this gut-buster .
demonstrate the emotional clout to sweep U . S . viewers off their feet
demonstrate the emotional clout to sweep U . S . viewers
demanding stunts
This time , the hype is quieter , and while the movie is slightly less successful than the first , it 's still a rollicking good time for the most part
This time , the hype is quieter , and while the movie is slightly less successful than the first , it 's still a rollicking good time for the most part .
This version does justice both to Stevenson and to the sci-fi genre .
packs an emotional wallop
packed with fleet turns of plot and a feast of visual amazement
painfully authentic
terrific computer graphics , inventive action sequences
terrific computer graphics ,
paint a picture of a subculture that is at once exhilarating , silly , perverse , hopeful and always fun
terrific computer graphics
terribly convincing
The film sometimes flags ... but there is enough secondary action to keep things moving along at a brisk , amusing pace
The film sometimes flags
The film oozes craft .
The film occasionally tries the viewer 's patience with slow pacing and a main character who sometimes defies sympathy , but it ultimately satisfies with its moving story .
The film occasionally tries the viewer 's patience with slow pacing and a main character who sometimes defies sympathy , but it ultimately satisfies with its moving story
of the filmmakers who have directed him , especially the Coen brothers and Steven Soderbergh
combine into one terrific story with lots of laughs .
combined with a tinge of understanding for her actions
small , intelligent eyes
slyly exquisite
sly dissection
which will please Eastwood 's loyal fans -- and suits the story , wherein our hero must ride roughshod over incompetent cops to get his man
, moving
's ` Divine Secrets of the Ya-Ya Sisterhood
's `
's a dark , gritty story
's a delightfully quirky movie to be made from curling
present Brown as a catalyst for the struggle of black manhood in restrictive and chaotic America ... sketchy but nevertheless gripping portrait of Jim Brown , a celebrated wonder in the spotlight
fun , and bouncy ,
fun , and host to some truly excellent sequences
fun , and
fun , and bouncy
full of life and small delights
full of life and small delights --
through this film
you wondering about the characters ' lives after the clever credits roll
of Candid Camera
is sensational and revelatory , even if scratching makes you itch
while you watch it , offering fine acting moments and pungent insights into modern L . A .
pure finesse
it may be because teens are looking for something to make them laugh .
vowing ,
pure wonderment and excitement
the passions that sometimes fuel our best achievements and other times
should be mentioned that the set design and interiors of the haunted vessel are more than effectively creepy and moodily lit
flawed but engrossing
should be enjoying this . '
to personifying independence in its purest and , yes , most intimidating form
the first movie based on J.K. Rowling 's phenomenal fantasy best sellers
the first half of Gangster No. 1 drips with style
the first 2\/3 of the film are incredibly captivating and insanely funny , thanks in part to interesting cinematic devices ( cool visual backmasking ) , a solid cast , and some wickedly sick and twisted humor ...
At once a testament to the divine calling of education and a demonstration of the painstaking process of imparting knowledge .
things to like
Joe Dante 's similarly styled Gremlins
is certainly amusing
is certainly worth seeing at least once
is certainly easy to watch .
is compelling enough ,
is compelling enough
John Carpenter 's stylish tracking shots
intriguing characters
intriguing bit
intricate , intimate and intelligent
intrepid in exploring an attraction that crosses sexual identity
intricate magic
intricate , intimate and intelligent journey
intrigue and human-scale characters
intricate preciseness
intrigued
with solid fight choreography and gritty prison authenticity
the irrepressible eccentric of River 's Edge , Dead Man and Back to the Future
the intrigue and suspense and mystery
chosen a fascinating subject matter
makes us laugh
within its warm
found the perfect material
found the perfect material with which to address his own World War II experience in his signature style
found with an devastating , eloquent clarity
found this a remarkable and novel concept
beautifully produced
beautifully produced film
david weissman and bill weber benefit enormously from the cockettes ' camera craziness -- not only did they film performances
david weissman and bill weber benefit enormously from the cockettes ' camera craziness -- not
david weissman and bill weber benefit enormously from the cockettes ' camera craziness --
david weissman and bill weber benefit enormously from the cockettes ' camera craziness
david weissman and bill weber benefit enormously
davis has energy
in an intricate plot
supplied
An ingenious and often harrowing look at damaged people and how families can offer either despair or consolation .
An infinitely wittier version of the Home Alone formula .
An infinitely wittier version of the Home Alone formula
An infinitely wittier version
An hour and a half of joyful solo performance
all the film of its energy
all the good stuff
all the elements necessary
all the excitement
truly excellent
true sophistication
Scarlet Diva
magnificently
, lovely
every articulate player
everlasting
tries to balance sweetness with coarseness , while it paints a sad picture of the singles scene
balletic explosion
bags . This is one for the ages
that smooth the moral stiffness with human kindness and hopefulness
that shows Canadians can put gentle laughs and equally gentle sentiments on the button , just as easily as their counterparts anywhere else in the world
that should bolster director and co-writer
that shows the promise of digital filmmaking
that shows just enough to keep us on our toes
does n't try to surprise us with plot twists , but rather seems to enjoy its own transparency .
does n't try to surprise us with plot twists , but rather seems to enjoy its own transparency
does n't try to surprise us with plot twists , but rather
does n't try to surprise us with plot twists
that may also be the first narrative film to be truly informed by the wireless
does give the film a certain timeless quality
does a fine job of capturing the climate of the times and , perhaps unwittingly , relating it to what is happening in America in 2002 .
does display an original talent
anyone in his right mind would want to see the it
challenges the brain
children
charming
charming movie
and , importantly , entertaining
and , at times , poignant , the film
you want to see it
fascinating to watch Marker the essayist at work
fascinating you wo n't be able to look away for a second
fascinating study
fascinating than the results . Last Dance , whatever its flaws , fulfills one facet of its mission in making me want to find out whether , in this case , that 's true
fascinating part
fascinating psychological fare
fascinating experiment
fascinating literary mystery story
fascinating case study
fascinating character study
does an established filmmaker
does has some entertainment value - how much depends on how well you like Chris Rock
does cathartic truth telling
rare , beautiful film
rare , beautiful film .
rare combination
rare glimpse
has an eye for the ways people of different ethnicities talk to and about others outside the group .
better and
better after Foster
bestowed star Hoffman 's brother Gordy with the Waldo Salt Screenwriting award at 2002 's Sundance Festival
better actor
As ex-Marine Walter , who may or may not have shot Kennedy , actor Raymond J . Barry is perfectly creepy and believable .
As directed by Dani Kouyate of Burkina Faso , Sia lacks visual flair . But Kouyate elicits strong performances from his cast , and he delivers a powerful commentary on how governments lie , no matter who runs them .
onto a different path
only the most hardhearted Scrooge could fail to respond
the film 's strength is n't in its details , but in the larger picture it paints - of a culture in conflict with itself , with the thin veneer of nationalism that covers our deepest , media-soaked fears .
start to finish , featuring a fall from grace that still leaves shockwaves
with you long after it 's over
to tell a simple story , perhaps the simplest story of all , in a way that seems compelling and even original .
real charm
goofily endearing
is a beautiful , aching sadness to it all .
is a beautiful , aching sadness to it all
of collected gags , pranks , pratfalls , dares , injuries , etc
of classic romantic comedy to which it aspires
... thankfully manages to outshine the role and successfully plays the foil to Willis 's world-weary colonel .
... reflecting the character 's instability with a metaphorical visual style and an unnerving , heartbeat-like score
... has freaky scenes where the crew wonder if they 're ghosts imagining themselves as alive . It 's a sly wink to The Others without becoming a postmodern joke , made creepy by its '' men in a sardine can '' warped logic .
... but mostly the humor is of the sweet , gentle and occasionally cloying kind that has become an Iranian specialty .
... if you 're in a mind set for goofy comedy , the troopers will entertain with their gross outs , bawdy comedy and head games .
... a polished and relatively sincere piece of escapism .
... a poignant and powerful narrative that reveals that reading writing and arithmetic are not the only subjects to learn in life .
... are rewarded by brutal , committed performances from Huppert and Magimel .
... always remains movingly genuine .
the service of a vision of the past that is faithful to both architectural glories and commanding open spaces of the city as it was more than two centuries ago
the sex , drugs and show-tunes plot into something far richer
could not be improved upon
could n't help being captivated by it
could make Deutchland a popular destination for hungry tourists .
could make Deutchland a popular destination for hungry tourists
could lead a man across centuries
is a beautifully shot , but ultimately flawed film about growing up in Japan .
the sweet , melancholy spell
ably captures the complicated relationships in a marching band .
ably balances real-time rhythms with propulsive incident .
able to share his story so compellingly with us is a minor miracle
able to overcome his personal obstacles and become a good man
big action sequences
jaw-droppingly beautiful work
the only winner
jazzy score
very true
delightful , if minor ,
delighted with the fast , funny
delightful entree
delightful , if minor , pastry
delightful in the central role
delightful mix
delightful little film
delightful romantic comedy
delightful mix of sulky teen drama and overcoming-obstacles sports-movie triumph
uncomplicated
unbelievably hilarious moments
unbelievably hilarious
for blunt exposition
for anyone who appreciates intelligent , stylish moviemaking
for an even more interesting , less symmetrical , less obviously cross-shaped creation
then as an occasionally insightful acting exercise .
parts of the movie still manage to break past the artifice and thoroughly engage you
Ultimately , `` MIB II '' succeeds due to its rapid-fire delivery and enough inspired levity that it ca n't be dismissed as mindless .
wholesome
people get a kick out of watching them today
also wanted a little alien as a friend !
long-lived friendships and
look at a red felt Sharpie pen without disgust , a thrill , or the giggles
antwone fisher
who re-invents himself
's a lot of good material
's a heck of a ride . Samuel L . Jackson is one of the best actors there is
's a howler
as it develops
's a lot of good material here
's a lot of tooth in Roger Dodger
rise above its heart-on-its-sleeve writing
has an avalanche of eye-popping visual effects .
has an avalanche of eye-popping visual effects
has a watchful affection for the monster .
has a watchful affection for the monster
has a soft , percolating magic , a deadpan suspense .
has a soft , percolating magic , a deadpan suspense
has a morbid appeal that 's tough to shake .
has a morbid appeal that 's tough to shake
hard to know what to praise first
hard to beat
log a minimal number of hits
works effortlessly
works its magic
works effortlessly at delivering genuine , acerbic laughs
works its magic with such exuberance and passion that the film 's length becomes a part of its fun
to tell a war story
within one family test boundaries in this intelligent and restrained coming-of-age drama .
born to make
epilogue that leaks suspension of disbelief like a sieve , Die Another Day is as stimulating & heart-rate-raising as any James Bond thriller .
epilogue that leaks suspension of disbelief like a sieve , Die Another Day is as stimulating & heart-rate-raising as any James Bond thriller
epic four-hour Indian musical
epic treatment of a nationwide blight
epic treatment of a nationwide blight that seems to be
fuses the events of her life with the imagery in her paintings so vividly that the artist 's work may take on a striking new significance for anyone who sees the film .
, actor Raymond J. Barry is perfectly creepy and believable .
fused with their humor
fuses the events of her life with the imagery in her paintings so vividly that the artist 's work may take on a striking new significance for anyone who sees the film
fused with solid performances and eerie atmosphere
fused with solid performances and eerie atmosphere .
nonthreatening but thrilling adventure
nonthreatening but thrilling
) ensure that the film is never dull
What begins as a conventional thriller evolves into a gorgeously atmospheric meditation on life-changing chance encounters .
What a dumb , fun , curiously adolescent movie this is .
What emerges is an unsettling picture of childhood innocence combined with indoctrinated prejudice .
What lifts the film high above run-of-the-filth gangster flicks
encouraging debut feature
may well be the year 's best and most unpredictable comedy
encouraging
Tsai Ming-liang 's witty , wistful new film , What Time Is It There ? ,
Tsai Ming-liang 's witty , wistful new film , What Time Is It There ? , is a temporal inquiry that shoulders its philosophical burden lightly .
Tsai Ming-liang 's witty , wistful new film ,
Tsai Ming-liang 's witty , wistful new film , What Time Is It There ?
Tsai Ming-liang 's witty , wistful new film
a psychological mystery
as sharp as the original
as sexy
as she continually tries to accommodate to fit in and gain the unconditional love she seeks
as she 's already comfortable enough in her own skin to be proud of her Rubenesque physique
A stylish but steady , and ultimately very satisfying , piece of character-driven storytelling
is a movie you can trust
entirely convincing about The Quiet American
is a kind , unapologetic , sweetheart of a movie
is a masterpiece .
is a movie that understands characters must come first
the seeds of hope
may have expected to record with their mini DV
a serviceable melodrama
for a few comic turns
for a film -- rowdy , brawny and lyrical in the best Irish sense
feeling guilty for it ... Then , miracle of miracles , the movie does a flip-flop .
Patriot Games can still turn out a small , personal film with an emotional wallop
Patriot
an adoring , wide-smiling reception
an advantage
an admirable rigor
an admirable storyteller
midway point
predictably efficient
predictable in the reassuring manner of a beautifully sung holiday carol
predict there will be plenty of female audience members drooling over Michael Idemoto as Michael
Delirious fun .
sexy , peculiar and always entertaining costume drama
do you
And if you 're not nearly moved to tears by a couple of scenes , you 've got ice water in your veins .
a good yarn
And for many of us , that 's good enough .
And he allows a gawky actor like Spall -- who could too easily become comic relief in any other film -- to reveal his impressively delicate range .
a good script , good dialogue
And if The Hours wins ` Best Picture ' I just might .
a good charitable enterprise
And educational !
of the year 's best films
weirdly engaging and unpredictable character pieces
by The Full Monty
one of the world 's most fascinating stories
The 3-D vistas from orbit , with the space station suspended like a huge set of wind chimes over the great blue globe ,
The 3-D vistas from orbit , with the space station suspended like a huge set of wind chimes over the great blue globe , are stanzas of breathtaking , awe-inspiring visual poetry .
The Benjamins that 's hard to resist
It certainly wo n't win any awards in the plot department but it sets out with no pretensions and delivers big time
It certainly wo n't win any awards in the plot department but it sets out with no pretensions and delivers big time .
It actually improves upon the original hit movie
It 's worth taking the kids to .
It can be safely recommended as a video\/DVD babysitter .
though it draws several decent laughs , it
though it draws several decent laughs
celebrates the group 's playful spark of nonconformity , glancing vividly back at what Hibiscus grandly called his ` angels of light . '
prime mystery
a little wit
Welsh whimsy
Weighty and ponderous but every bit as filling as the treat of the title .
Weighty and ponderous but every bit as filling as the treat of the title
at achieving the modest , crowd-pleasing goals it sets for itself
do it his own way
lots of characters
that 's short on plot but rich in the tiny revelations of real life
that 's refreshing after the phoniness of female-bonding pictures like Divine Secrets of the Ya-Ya Sisterhood
in subtle plot maneuvers
in spite of numerous minor flaws , Scorsese 's best in more than a decade
in spite of numerous minor flaws , Scorsese 's best in more than a decade .
in spite of numerous minor flaws
a breath
Mr. Ratliff wisely rejects the temptation to make fun of his subjects .
Eastwood is an icon of moviemaking , one of the best actors , directors and producers around , responsible for some excellent work . But even
Eastwood is an icon of moviemaking , one of the best actors , directors and producers around , responsible for some excellent work . But
Eastwood is an icon of moviemaking , one of the best actors , directors and producers around , responsible for some excellent work .
that 's unafraid to throw elbows when necessary
you 're paying attention , the '' big twists ''
you 're on the edge of your seat
you 're looking for a smart , nuanced look at de Sade and what might have happened at Picpus
touching things to say about what is important in life and why
ravishing consciousness-raiser
ravishing
rather sturdy , old-fashioned entertainment
rather sturdy
rather delivers a performance of striking skill and depth
itself , a playful spirit and
itself , a playful spirit and a game cast
its visual merits
its whimsical humor
itself , a playful spirit
shield
it takes chances that are bold by studio standards
it thinks it is and its comedy is generally mean-spirited
it the Kahlo movie Frida fans have been looking for
Hashiguchi covers this territory with wit and originality , suggesting that with his fourth feature -- the first to be released in the U.S. -- a major director is emerging in world cinema
Hashiguchi covers this territory with wit and originality , suggesting that with his fourth feature -- the first to be released in the U.S. --
interesting to witness the conflict from the Palestinian side
interesting technical
interesting technical exercise
interesting than any of the character dramas , which never reach satisfying conclusions
interesting in Unfaithful
interesting movie
interesting results
success
successful as a film , while at the same time being a most touching reconsideration of the familiar masterpiece
subtly , the film , sporting a breezy spontaneity and realistically drawn characterizations , develops into a significant character study that is both moving and wise .
subtly , the film , sporting a breezy spontaneity and realistically drawn characterizations , develops into a significant character study that is both moving and wise
subtlety and perception
is the kind of subject matter that could so easily have been fumbled by a lesser filmmaker
is the kind of engaging historical drama that Hollywood appears to have given up on in favor of sentimental war movies in the vein of ` We Were Soldiers .
is the kind of engaging historical drama that Hollywood appears to have given up on in favor of sentimental war movies in the vein of ` We Were Soldiers
is the great equalizer that can calm us of our daily ills and bring out joys in our lives that we never knew
is the kind of quirkily appealing minor movie she might not make for a while
is the kind of movie that deserves a chance to shine .
is the kind of movie that deserves a chance to shine
is the kind of engaging historical drama that Hollywood appears to have given up on in favor of sentimental war movies in the vein of ` We Were Soldiers . '
may be awesome to consider
solid , satisfying fare
solely as an exercise in gorgeous visuals
destined to be measured against Anthony Asquith 's acclaimed 1952 screen adaptation .
inspire a few kids not to grow up to be greedy
one of the movies you 'd want to watch if you only had a week to live
Watch Barbershop again if you 're in need of a Cube fix --
Watch Barbershop again if you 're in need of a Cube fix
something lighter and sunnier
be universal in its themes of loyalty , courage and dedication
be viewed and treasured for its extraordinary intelligence and originality
be viewed and treasured for its extraordinary intelligence and originality as well as
original in its base concept that you can not help but get caught up .
, you 'll enjoy at least the '' real '' portions of the film .
that damn good .
orchestrate a buoyant , darkly funny dance of death
original and , instead ,
post-Tarantino
be wacky without clobbering the audience over the head
possesses its own languorous charm .
that would have made Vittorio De Sica proud
most entertaining Bonds
most entertaining
most edgy
most enchanting
Hoffman 's brilliance
screen sizzling
screen thrills
their intelligence
the plot ` surprises '
the plot ` surprises
Happily stays close to the ground in a spare and simple manner and does n't pummel us with phony imagery or music .
Griffiths proves she 's that rare luminary who continually raises the standard of her profession .
adventure buffs
a consummate actor
a consummate actor incapable of being boring
written by antwone fisher based on the book by antwone fisher
written
up to mesmerize you
a sense of pure wonderment and excitement
a roller-coaster ride of a movie
a responsive chord with many South Koreans
a screenplay more ingeniously constructed
a screenplay more ingeniously constructed than '' Memento ''
adventurous adults
up to my adoration
Brian Tufano 's handsome widescreen photography and Paul Grabowsky 's excellent music turn this fairly parochial melodrama into something really rather special .
Brian Tufano 's handsome widescreen photography and Paul Grabowsky 's excellent music
adventurous adults in specialty venues
Brian De Palma is utterly mad : cinema mad , set-piece mad , style mad . It 's a beautiful madness .
Brian De Palma is utterly mad : cinema mad , set-piece mad , style mad . It 's a beautiful madness
Brian Tufano 's handsome widescreen photography and
Brian Tufano 's handsome widescreen photography
of this laughable dialogue
of those airy cinematic bon bons whose aims -- and by extension , accomplishments -- seem deceptively slight on the surface
Far from perfect , but its heart is in the right place ... innocent and well-meaning
Finds a way to tell a simple story , perhaps the simplest story of all , in a way that seems compelling and even original
Fisher has bared his soul and confronted his own shortcomings here in a way ...
both visually and in the writing
perfectly enjoyable ,
perfectly enjoyable
perfectly chilled
perfect metaphor
perfectly enjoyable , instantly forgettable ,
we root for ( clara and paul ) , even like them , though perhaps it 's an emotion closer to pity .
a classical dramatic animated feature ,
the sum of its parts in today 's Hollywood
a classical dramatic animated feature
could say '' Thank God It 's Friday ''
should be interesting
the campaign-trail press
would be hard-pressed to find a movie with a bigger , fatter heart than Barbershop
achieves a delicate balance of romantic innocence and philosophical depth .
achieves a mesmerizing poetry
achieves a delicate balance of romantic innocence and philosophical depth
achieved by motocross and BMX riders , whose balletic hotdogging occasionally ends in bone-crushing screwups
achievement
accomplishes its goals with ease and confidence .
achieved
accomplished in all aspects with the fullness
accomplished lyrical meditation
though clearly well-intentioned ,
The increasingly diverse French director has created a film that one can honestly describe as looking , sounding and simply feeling like no other film in recent history .
worthy of a place alongside the other Hannibal movies ?
works up a few scares
fresh , sometimes funny
worldly knowledge
fresh , sometimes funny ,
championship material
chance to see three splendid actors
change a nation
It 's far from a frothy piece , and the characters are complex , laden with plenty of baggage and tinged with tragic undertones .
a superior cast playing smart people amid a compelling plot
a surprisingly effective Peter\/Spider-Man
it look like a masterpiece
the gentle and humane side
a sense of action
a septuagenarian
so accessible
smart wordplay and clever plot contrivances
rap and R&B names
rape and suspected murder
ascends , literally , to the Olympus of the art world
its vistas are incredibly beautiful to look at .
suitable summer entertainment
joyful
, great to look at
, glaring and unforgettable .
, guts and crazy beasts stalking men with guns though ... you will likely enjoy this monster .
, hard-hitting documentary .
It 's fun , but it 's a real howler .
as delightful
I 'll buy the soundtrack .
I 'll at least remember their characters .
I 'll certainly be keeping an eye out for his next project .
I 'm going to recommend SECRETARY , based on the wonderful acting clinic put on by Spader and Gyllenhaal
as enlightening , insightful and entertaining
as enlightening , insightful and entertaining as Grant 's two best films
a lot of tooth in Roger Dodger
a lot of the smaller scenes
a lot of stamina and vitality
a lot to do with the casting of Juliette Binoche as Sand , who brings to the role her pale , dark beauty and characteristic warmth
smartest bonehead comedy
sharp objects
Director Tom Dey demonstrated a knack for mixing action and idiosyncratic humor in his charming 2000 debut Shanghai Noon , but Showtime 's uninspired send-up of TV cop show cliches mostly leaves him shooting blanks .
a groundbreaking
smart , edgy voice
Rob Schneider actually turns in a pretty convincing performance as a prissy teenage girl
small treasure
Directors John Musker and Ron Clements , the team behind The Little Mermaid , have produced sparkling retina candy ,
smart people amid a compelling plot
smart people
A stylish thriller .
A story about intelligent high school
A surprisingly ` solid ' achievement by director Malcolm D. Lee and writer John Ridley .
A surprisingly ` solid ' achievement by director Malcolm D. Lee and writer John Ridley
A tasty masala .
becomes an overwhelming pleasure
Norman Jewison 's 1975 ultraviolent futuristic corporate-sports
Gambling and throwing a basketball game for money is n't a new plot -- in fact Toback himself used it in Black and White . But Toback 's deranged immediacy makes it seem fresh again .
in many ways , an admirable achievement
Both the crime story and the love story
Both stars manage to be funny ,
Both stars manage to be funny
fun-seeking
Both stars manage to be funny , but
fully endear itself
fully endear itself to american art house audiences
fully endear
full
will leave you wanting more , not to mention leaving you with some laughs and a smile on your face
will leave you wanting more , not to mention leaving you with some laughs and a smile on your face .
will likely enjoy this monster
will linger long after this film has ended
will leave you with a smile on your face and a grumble in your stomach
will leave you with a smile on your face and a grumble in your stomach .
will linger long after this film has ended .
will love its fantasy and adventure
raised to a new , self-deprecating level
raises some worthwhile themes
raises some worthwhile themes while delivering a wholesome fantasy for kids .
Historical dramas fused with love triangle is a well worn conceit . But
still makes it much better than your typical Bond knock-offs
is darkly funny in its observation of just how much more grueling and time-consuming the illusion of work is than actual work .
is darkly funny in its observation of just how much more grueling and time-consuming the illusion of work is than actual work
is darkly atmospheric
is credible and remarkably mature .
under the skin of her characters
under the waves . He drags it back
young children
know a star
include every top-notch British actor who did not appear in Gosford Park ( as well as one , Ms. Mirren , who did )
incredibly captivating
incredibly captivating and insanely funny
suitable for all ages -- a movie that will make you laugh
sultry
It 's dark but has wonderfully funny moments ; you care about the characters
will embrace this engaging and literate psychodrama
is barely
an absolute delight for all audiences
Christian
Chalk it up to my adoration for both De Niro and Murphy
who does not want to invite viewers to gawk at or applaud his special effects
which transcends ethnic boundaries
which still makes it much better than your typical Bond knock-offs
a dazzling , remarkably unpretentious reminder of what ( Evans ) had , lost , and got back
a dazzling , remarkably unpretentious reminder
original and insightful
a dangerously seductive performance
a day at the beach -- with air conditioning and popcorn
a day at the beach
too . '' Congrats Disney on a job well done
's tremendously moving
's truly cinematic in scope
's the perfect star vehicle for Grant , allowing him to finally move away from his usual bumbling , tongue-tied screen persona .
's the work of an artist , one whose view of America , history and the awkwardness of human life is generous and deep
's thoroughly winning tone
's too grounded in the reality of its characters to go over the edge . A touch of humor or an unexpected plot twist always pulls it back
Michele Petin 's impeccable screenplay
Michael Reilly Burke ( Octopus 2 : River of Fear ) has just the right amount of charisma and menace .
this gripping tale
Michele Petin 's impeccable screenplay penetrates with a rawness that that is both unflinching and tantalizing
Michele Petin 's impeccable screenplay penetrates with a rawness that that is both unflinching and tantalizing .
the funniest idea
Dench who really steals the show
Denis ) accomplishes in his chilling , unnerving film
Denis forges out of the theories of class -
Colorful and deceptively buoyant until it suddenly pulls the rug out from under you
Colorful and deceptively buoyant
Cold , nervy and memorable .
Cold , nervy and memorable
Colorful
tension , eloquence , spiritual challenge
tender inspirational tidings
from the pitch-perfect Forster to the always hilarious Meara and Levy , Like Mike shoots and scores , doing its namesake proud
from the trees hooting it 's praises , but it 's definitely worth taking a look
through with originality , humour and pathos
nothing satisfies like old-fashioned swashbuckling . And in this regard , On Guard delivers
through the wall
through their consistently sensitive and often exciting treatment of an ignored people
the-loose banter of Welcome to Collinwood has a cocky , after-hours loopiness to it
nicely acted and beautifully shot
nicely acted and
nothing satisfies like old-fashioned swashbuckling . And
nicely acted and beautifully shot and
it delivers some chills and sustained unease , but flounders in its quest for deeper meaning
it does have one saving grace
it does have one saving grace .
for adults . The characters are interesting and often very creatively constructed from figure to backstory .
Superbly photographed and staged by Mendes with a series of riveting set pieces the likes of which mainstream audiences have rarely seen .
Superbly
Superb production values & Christian Bale 's charisma make up for a derivative plot .
Superb
beyond the original 's nostalgia for the communal film experiences of yesteryear
between two gifted performers
A brutal and funny work .
on a ride that 's consistently surprising , easy to watch -- but , oh , so dumb
A brutal and funny work . Nicole Holofcenter
even sexy
Notwithstanding my problem with the movie 's final half hour , I 'm going to recommend SECRETARY , based on the wonderful acting clinic put on by Spader and Gyllenhaal
Notwithstanding my problem with the movie 's final half hour , I 'm going to recommend SECRETARY , based on the wonderful acting clinic put on by Spader and Gyllenhaal ,
the baseball-playing monkey
than girls , who learns that believing in something does matter
All that 's missing
All that ( Powerpuff Girls ) charm is present in the movie
All that ( Powerpuff Girls ) charm
All that ( Powerpuff Girls ) charm is present in the movie , but
compellingly tap into a spiritual aspect of their characters ' suffering
compellingly
intense and engrossing
times , and lots of fun
This is a heartfelt story
intelligent screenplay
intelligent subtlety
one of the finest films of the year . If you 're not deeply touched by this movie , check your pulse
one of the great minds of our times
To the film 's credit , the acting is fresh and unselfconscious , and Munch is a marvel of reality versus sappy sentiment .
captures moments of spontaneous creativity and authentic co-operative interaction
whimsicality , narrative discipline and serious improvisation
, and genius
one of the best gay love stories
nuanced narrative
nuances
, and enjoyable
, and even touching
, and funny
captured the chaos of an urban conflagration with such fury
his passion and class consciousness
his passages
his most demented film
his love for movies -- both colorful pop junk and the classics that unequivocally qualify as art --
his nicely nuanced narrative
one of the better video-game-based flicks ,
one of the better video-game-based flicks , is that the film acknowledges upfront that the plot makes no sense , such that the lack of linearity is the point of emotional and moral departure for protagonist Alice .
one of the finest films of the year .
Alternately frustrating and rewarding .
Alternating between facetious comic parody and pulp melodrama , this smart-aleck movie ... tosses around some intriguing questions about the difference between human and android life
the family film market
the family , amusing and cute
Parker 's creative interference
may be just as fun ( and scary ) as going to the film
may be an easy swipe to take
may be a prize winner
more worshipful than your random E ! True Hollywood Story
cinematic bon bons
cinema fans
that defies categorisation . It haunts , horrifies , startles and fascinates ; it is impossible to look away . Ah yes , and then there 's the music
that deftly balances action and reflection as it lets you grasp and feel the passion others have for their work
that deftly explores the difficult relationship between a father and son
that can comfortably sit among Jean-Luc Godard 's finest work
that carries it far above
that deals with first love sweetly but also seriously .
when the bullets start to fly , your first instinct is to duck
when people can connect and express their love for each other
that delivers a surprising
that delivers its share of laughs and smiles
their eccentricities
a gracious , eloquent film
a way of gently swaying back and forth as it cradles its characters , veiling tension beneath otherwise tender movements
a way that few movies have ever approached
plays as more of a poetic than a strict reality , creating an intriguing species of artifice that gives The Lady and the Duke something of a theatrical air .
plays as more of a poetic than a strict reality , creating an intriguing species of artifice that gives The Lady and the Duke something of a theatrical air
hits home with disorienting force .
Director Tom Dey demonstrated a knack for mixing action and idiosyncratic humor in his charming 2000 debut Shanghai Noon ,
a movie about whimsical folk
a mostly magnificent directorial career
Directors John Musker and Ron Clements , the team behind The Little Mermaid , have produced sparkling retina candy
( MacDowell ) ventures beyond her abilities
The performances are amiable and committed , and the comedy more often than not hits the bullseye .
The performances are remarkable .
The performances are amiable and committed , and
watchable . Even more baffling is that it 's funny
watch this movie
So unique and
watchable .
A film really has to be exceptional to justify a three hour running time ,
Go Where We Went 8 Movies Ago
Go for La Salle 's performance , and
Go for La Salle 's performance ,
God Is Great addresses interesting matters of identity and heritage
the vast collective memory
Many insightful moments .
a gem . His characters are engaging , intimate and the dialogue is realistic and greatly moving . The scope of the Silberstein family is large
the value and respect for the term epic cinema
a gem . His characters are engaging ,
a film brimming with detail and nuance and
of the ultimate Scorsese film
a good Bond movie ,
a good , straightforward tale ,
a gem that could stand alone ,
a gem . His characters are engaging , intimate and the dialogue is realistic and greatly moving . The scope of the Silberstein family is large and
a fascinating profile of a deeply humanistic artist who , in spite of all that he 's witnessed , remains surprisingly idealistic
a fascinating character 's story
a fascinating profile
a fascinating , riveting story
a fascinating character 's
A breathtaking adventure
A breathtaking adventure for all ages , Spirit
A breathtaking adventure for all ages , Spirit tells its poignant and uplifting story in a stunning fusion of music and images .
A brilliant , absurd collection
A brilliant , absurd collection of vignettes that , in their own idiosyncratic way , sum up the strange horror of life in the new millennium
A brilliant , absurd collection of vignettes that , in their own idiosyncratic way , sum up the strange horror of life in the new millennium .
It 's the kind of movie that , aside from Robert Altman , Spike Lee , the Coen Brothers and a few others , our moviemakers do n't make often enough .
It 's the funniest American comedy since Graffiti Bridge .
It 's sweet ...
It 's sweet
new relevance ,
new texture , new relevance , new reality
Enough is not a bad movie ,
Enigma looks great , has solid acting and a neat premise . Yet why it fails is a riddle wrapped in a mystery inside an enigma .
Enigma looks great , has solid acting and a neat premise . Yet
Enigma looks great , has solid acting and a neat premise .
make Gangster No. 1 a worthwhile moviegoing experience
, and the experience is profound . The Hours is what movies are supposed to be ...
, and that they know their roles so well
, and that shading is what makes it worthwhile .
, and that saves his pathos from drippiness
, and the trio 's absorbing narrative is a heart-wrenching showcase indeed .
, and the result is a compelling slice of awkward emotions .
, and the performances of the young players are utterly convincing .
, and the humor and humanity that root it in feeling
, and there 's no denying the talent of the creative forces behind it .
, and their screen rapport makes the old story seem new .
come to expect , including the assumption that '' crazy '' people are innocent , childlike and inherently funny
come to Earth
come to believe that Nachtwey hates the wars he shows and empathizes with the victims he reveals
what makes Vincent tick , but perhaps any definitive explanation for it would have felt like a cheat
what makes it transporting is that it 's also one of the smartest
what makes Shanghai Ghetto move beyond a good , dry , reliable textbook and what allows it to rank with its worthy predecessors
what really sets the film apart is Debrauwer 's refusal to push the easy emotional buttons
what was otherwise a fascinating , riveting story
is exactly how genteel and unsurprising the execution turns out to be .
is explosive
is fantastic
is fantastic .
is familiar but enjoyable
is familiar but enjoyable .
is fascinating ...
late-summer
go rent `` Shakes The Clown '' , a much funnier film with a similar theme and an equally great Robin Williams performance
The comedy
of entertainment that parents love to have their kids
The complex , politically charged tapestry of contemporary Chinese life this exciting new filmmaker has brought to the screen is like nothing we Westerners have seen before .
of event movies than a spy thriller like The Bourne Identity
, but Miss Wonton floats beyond reality with a certain degree of wit and dignity .
An intriguing and entertaining introduction
An intriguing and entertaining introduction to Johnson
An incendiary , deeply thought-provoking look at one
An incendiary , deeply thought-provoking look at one of the most peculiar ( and peculiarly venomous ) bigotries in our increasingly frightening theocracy
An intelligent fiction
An intelligent fiction about learning through cultural clash .
An impressive debut
An impressive debut for first-time writer-director Mark Romanek
An impressive debut for first-time writer-director Mark Romanek , especially considering his background is in music video .
An incendiary , deeply thought-provoking look
uncompromising insight
two of the year 's most accomplished and riveting film performances
two such likeable actors
, but also intriguing and honorable ,
that offers a thoughtful and rewarding glimpse into the sort of heartache everyone
, but because of the startling intimacy
a compelling quest for truth
a compliment
a commercial yet inventive filmmaker
a compelling look
a compelling look at a young woman 's tragic odyssey
a compelling quest
a collection of wrenching cases is Corcuera 's attention to detail .
a comically adept ensemble
a coming-of-age story with such a buoyant , expressive flow of images
with crisp professionalism
hits the target audience ( young Bow Wow fans )
with concept films
miracles ,
miracles
miracle of miracles , the movie
to give you a lot of laughs in this simple , sweet and romantic comedy
, brooding character study
to shtick and sentimentality
bitter and truthful
, but Miss Wonton floats beyond reality with a certain degree of wit and dignity
staggeringly well-produced
terms of authenticity
gusto
gut-wrenching , frightening war scenes since '' Saving Private Ryan ''
gut-wrenching style of Joseph Heller or Kurt Vonnegut
's great escapist fun that recreates a place and time that will never happen again .
's great escapist fun that recreates a place and time that will never happen again
's good , hard-edged stuff , violent and a bit exploitative but also nicely done , morally alert and street-smart
's great cinematic polemic
's good , hard-edged stuff , violent and a bit exploitative but also nicely done , morally alert and street-smart .
's fun lite .
's fun lite
's funniest and most likeable movie in years .
's funniest and most likeable movie in years
the people who live in them , who have carved their own comfortable niche in the world and have been kind enough to share it
the people who loved the 1989 Paradiso will prefer this new version
the people laughing in the crowd
the payoff is powerful and revelatory
by those on both sides of the issues , if only for the perspective it offers
by then , your senses are as mushy as peas
by then
a victim of none -- i can testify to the comparative accuracy of ms
, beautifully costumed
Isabelle Huppert excels as the enigmatic Mika and Anna Mouglalis is a stunning new young talent in one of Chabrol 's most intense psychological mysteries .
pleased
It 'll keep you wide awake and ... very tense .
might enjoy yourself
an emotional response of any kind
our desire to know the ` truth ' about this man , while deconstructing the very format of the biography in a manner that Derrida would doubtless give his blessing to
light and sugary
lifts the film high above run-of-the-filth gangster flicks
delivers what it promises : A look at the '' wild ride '' that ensues when brash young men set out to conquer the online world with laptops , cell phones and sketchy business plans .
delivers what it promises : A look at the '' wild ride '' that ensues when brash young men set out to conquer the online world with laptops , cell phones and sketchy business plans
moving and solidly entertaining
moving , effective
moving , effective little film
better than in the original
moving and solidly entertaining comedy\/drama
A chilling movie without oppressive gore .
A chilly , brooding but quietly
A chilly , brooding but quietly resonant psychological study of domestic tension and unhappiness .
A chilly , brooding but quietly resonant psychological study of domestic tension and unhappiness
A classy , sprightly spin
A chronicle not only of one man 's quest to be president , but of how that man single-handedly turned a plane full of hard-bitten , cynical journalists into what was essentially , by campaign 's end , an extended publicity department .
A classy , sprightly spin on film .
A classy , sprightly spin on film
The messages of compassion and mercy are clearly , squarely and
stays afloat
2 -- quite a rarity , even in the family film market . Eventually , it wins you over
Screenwriter Chris ver Weil 's directing debut is good-natured and never dull
Screenwriter Chris ver Weil 's directing debut is good-natured and never dull , but its virtues are small and easily overshadowed by its predictability
Screenwriter Chris ver Weil 's directing debut is good-natured and never dull , but
Screenwriter Chris ver Weil 's directing debut is good-natured and never dull ,
love The Piano Teacher
lots of in-jokes for the adults and heart enough for everyone
love , betrayal , revenge and above all , faith
lots of fun
lots of in-jokes for the adults
love .
rápidamente se transforma en una comedia y termina por ser una parodia absolutamente predecible
of astonishing delicacy and force
of astonishing delicacy and force .
praiseworthy
practically every expectation either a longtime Tolkien fan or a movie-going neophyte
pratfalls given a working over . The cast is spot on and the mood is laid back
pratfalls given a working over . The cast is spot on and the mood is laid back .
exhilarating futuristic thriller-noir
existential drama without any of the pretension associated with the term
exhilarated
strongest and most touching movie of recent years
strongest and
strongest
strong voices
exotic creatures
strong script
strong message
, and rousing
, and room noise
a precise and moving portrait of someone whose world is turned upside down , first by passion and then by illness
a precise and moving portrait
a predictably heartwarming tale
a precious twinkle
a portrait of grace in an imperfect world
a precious twinkle of insight into their lives
a precious twinkle of insight
an energy that puts the dutiful efforts of more disciplined grade-grubbers
an engaging , wide-eyed actress
an encouraging debut feature
an encouraging new direction
an encouraging new direction for La Salle
an endearing cast
an engaging and exciting narrative
, while happily killing 94 minutes
, what with all of those terrific songs and spirited performances
, well-shot and , importantly , entertaining
, well-oiled machine ,
, while at the same time being a most touching reconsideration of the familiar masterpiece
, while Russell and Dreyfus are a romantic pairing of hearts , preciously exposed as history corners them .
, which is probably for the best . And if you 're not nearly moved to tears by a couple of scenes
the intelligence or sincerity it unequivocally deserves
the intensity that made her an interesting character to begin with
the intelligent , well-made B movie
the dizzying heights achieved by motocross and BMX riders , whose balletic hotdogging occasionally ends in bone-crushing screwups
love , memory , history and
watch Snatch again
Believes so fervently in humanity that it feels almost anachronistic
Being Earnest , so thick with wit it plays like a reading from Bartlett 's Familiar Quotations
Being unique
stays in your head and makes you question your own firmly held positions
A masterful film from a master filmmaker , unique in its deceptive grimness , compelling in its fatalist worldview .
the great Daniel Auteuil
A masterpiece
familiar by amalgamating genres and adding true human complexity
a movie make
A masterpiece four years in the making .
Holmes has the screen presence to become a major-league leading lady , ( but )
Holocaust escape story
Imax 3-D
Illuminating
If your senses have n't been dulled by slasher films and gorefests , if you 're a connoisseur of psychological horror , this is your ticket .
If you sometimes like to go to the movies to have fun , Wasabi is a good place to start .
If you sometimes like to go to the movies to have fun
If you can get past the fantastical aspects and harsh realities of '' The Isle '' you 'll get a sock-you-in-the-eye flick that is a visual tour-de-force and a story that is unlike any you will likely see anywhere else .
If you can get past the fantastical aspects and harsh realities of '' The Isle '' you 'll get a sock-you-in-the-eye flick that is a visual tour-de-force and a story that is unlike any
visual merits
is good for a laugh
is given life when A Selection appears in its final form ( in `` Last Dance '' )
is fun , and host to some truly excellent sequences
is fun , and host to some truly excellent sequences .
pleasure
The volatile dynamics of female friendship is the subject of this unhurried , low-key film that is so off-Hollywood that it seems positively French in its rhythms and resonance .
is a sensitive , extraordinarily well-acted drama .
a movie that defies classification and is as thought-provoking as it
is a sensitive , extraordinarily well-acted drama
the dubious feat of turning one man 's triumph of will into everyman 's romance comedy
a movie that grips and holds you in rapt attention from
far more stylish
far more stylish and
far more often than the warfare
far more often than the warfare itself --
far more interesting than the story at hand
far too polite to scale the lunatic heights of Joe Dante 's similarly styled Gremlins
letting you share her one-room world for a while
with more heart .
lets you brush up against the humanity of a psycho ,
lets you brush up against the humanity of a psycho , without making him any less psycho .
entertain
enrapturing
enough science to make it count as educational
enough science to make it count as educational , and enough beauty to make it unforgettable
enough moments of heartbreaking honesty to keep one glued to the screen
detailing how one international city welcomed tens of thousands of German Jewish refugees while the world 's democracie
determined New Zealanders
determination and the human spirit
making Kahlo 's art a living
Pull ( s ) off the rare trick of recreating
makes up for with its heart .
makes up for in heart what it lacks in outright newness .
makes us watch as his character awakens to the notion that to be human is eventually to have to choose
brilliant four six-packs
The early and middle passages are surprising in how much they engage and even touch us .
The early and middle passages
The dramatic crisis does n't always succeed in its quest to be taken seriously , but Huppert 's volatile performance makes for a riveting movie experience
The early and middle passages are surprising in how much they engage and even touch us . This is not a classical dramatic animated feature , nor a hip , contemporary , in-jokey one . It 's sort of in-between , and
to the growing canon of post-Saving Private Ryan tributes to the greatest generation
to the edge of their seats
to the greatest generation
to the list of things he does well
to the many fine , focused films emerging from that most surprising of nations
Well cast and well directed - a powerful drama with enough sardonic wit to keep it from being maudlin .
Well-acted
Well-acted ,
Well-acted , well-directed and , for all its moodiness , not too
We know the plot 's a little crazy , but it held my interest from start to finish
uncompromising
Well-acted , well-directed and , for all its moodiness , not too pretentious .
typically observant ,
Evelyn may be based on a true and historically significant story
Carmen '' which is best for the stunning star
bucked the odds to emerge as an exquisite motion picture in its own right
without stickiness
with such aching beauty and truth
real and
the same way you came -- a few tasty morsels under your belt ,
surprises about Wisegirls is its low-key quality and genuine tenderness .
Weber and Weissman demonstrate with such insight and celebratory verve
We get some truly unique character studies and a cross-section of Americana that Hollywood could n't possibly fictionalize and be believed .
Visits spy-movie territory like a novel you ca n't put down , examines a footnote to history seldom brought to light on the screen , and keeps you guessing from first frame to last .
Visits spy-movie territory like a novel
hard-won rewards over the bombastic self-glorification of other feel-good fiascos like Antwone Fisher or The Emperor 's Club any time
drives this movie
something new
genre-busting
has twists worthy of David Mamet and
have in our hearts for acceptance
'll enjoy The Hot Chick .
for a clean , kid-friendly outing
'll be rewarded with some fine acting .
'll be rewarded with some fine acting
have so much
well-rounded tribute
well-rounded
well-shaped dramas
welled up in my eyes both times
its affectionate depiction
its Oscar nomination
its ability to shock and amaze
when he can be wacky without clobbering the audience over the head and still maintain a sense of urgency and suspense
well-intentioned ,
If you do n't laugh
well-intentioned remake
is a relationship that is worthy of our respect
is a really cool bit -- the movie 's conception of a future-world holographic librarian ( Orlando Jones ) who knows everything and answers all questions , is visually smart , cleverly written , and nicely realized .
is a really cool bit -- the movie 's conception of a future-world holographic librarian ( Orlando Jones ) who knows everything and answers all questions , is visually smart , cleverly written , and nicely realized
is a question for philosophers , not filmmakers ; all the filmmakers need to do
is a powerful , naturally dramatic piece of low-budget filmmaking .
is a real charmer .
well-meaningness
with often surprising twists and an intermingling of naiveté and sophistication
blessed
blessed with a searing lead performance by ryan gosling ( murder by numbers ) ,
blessed with a searing lead performance by ryan gosling ( murder by numbers ) , the movie
blessed with a searing lead performance
blessed with a searing lead performance by ryan gosling ( murder by numbers )
blessed with a searing lead performance by ryan gosling ( murder by numbers ) , the movie is powerful
There 's no question that Epps scores once or twice ,
's a fairly impressive debut from the director , Charles Stone III
's a fairly impressive debut from the director , Charles Stone III .
is heartfelt and hilarious
is hard to conceive anyone else in their roles
's a frightful vanity film that , no doubt , pays off what debt Miramax felt they owed to Benigni .
is haunting ... ( It 's ) what punk rock music used to be , and what the video medium could use more of : spirit , perception , conviction
is hard to conceive anyone else in their roles .
with tremendous promise
with young adults
that rare creature -- an action hero with table manners , and one who proves that elegance is more than tattoo deep
that rare creature --
that rare family movie --
that rare family movie
that reaches across time and distance
that rare quality of being able to creep the living hell out of you
thirsty , consuming passion
animation and game phenomenon
is Leguizamo 's best movie work so far , a subtle and richly internalized performance .
is Leguizamo 's best movie work so far , a subtle and richly internalized performance
is Japanese and yet feels universal
stylized with a touch of John Woo bullet ballet
stylized with a touch of John Woo bullet ballet .
stylish weaponry
stylish exercise
stylish tracking shots
suavity
realistic and
reaching for more tissues and those
moralizing
mopping up
more if it had just gone that one step further .
the way it introduces you to new , fervently held ideas and fanciful thinkers
to forget that they are actually movie folk
The respective charms of Sandra Bullock and Hugh Grant
The real star of this movie is the score , as in the songs translate well to film , and it 's really well directed .
The real star of this movie is the score , as in the songs translate well to film , and it 's really well directed
The real star of this movie is the score , as in the songs translate well to film , and
The real star of this movie is the score , as in the songs translate well to film ,
The real star of this movie is the score , as in the songs translate well to film
the way tiny acts of kindness make ordinary life survivable
the way to striking a blow for artistic integrity
to give the audience a reason to want to put for that effort
from one colorful event to another
from others in its genre in that it is does not rely on dumb gags , anatomical humor , or character cliches
uncluttered
Well-nigh
exactly kiddie-friendly
Well-intentioned
Call this The Full Monty on ice ,
it can comfortably hold
the story is better-focused than the incomprehensible Anne Rice novel it 's based upon
many inimitable scenes
Impresses you
to admire ... the intensity with which he 's willing to express his convictions
amazingly lifelike
amazingly lifelike Tara Reid
Michael Jordan referred to in the title , many can aspire but none can equal
Michael Myers for good
A historical epic with the courage of its convictions
silly but strangely believable
Kilmer 's absorbing performance
Kids will love its fantasy and adventure , and
Kids will love its fantasy and adventure , and grownups should appreciate its whimsical humor
Kids will love its fantasy and adventure , and grownups should appreciate its whimsical humor .
undeniably touched
famous moments
Swept Away
A must-see
A movie that will touch the hearts of both children and adults , as well as bring audiences to the edge of their seats .
A movie that reminds us of just how exciting and satisfying the fantasy cinema can be when it 's approached with imagination and flair .
A movie for 11-year-old boys with sports dreams of their own and the preteen girls who worship Lil ' Bow Wow .
A moody horror\/thriller elevated by deft staging and the director 's well-known narrative gamesmanship .
combined with the humor and intelligence of the script
colorful look
colorfully
colorful and
In the affable Maid in Manhattan , Jennifer Lopez 's most aggressive and most sincere attempt to take movies by storm , the diva shrewdly surrounds herself with a company of strictly A-list players .
In questioning the election process , Payami graphically illustrates the problems of fledgling democracies , but also the strength and sense of freedom the Iranian people already possess , with or without access to the ballot box .
In painting an unabashedly romantic picture of a nation whose songs spring directly from the lives of the people , the movie exalts the Marxian dream of honest working folk , with little to show for their labor , living harmoniously , joined in song .
In painting an unabashedly romantic picture of a nation whose songs spring directly from the lives of the people
In the affable Maid in Manhattan , Jennifer Lopez 's most aggressive and most sincere attempt to take movies by storm
In the Mood for Love -- very much a Hong Kong movie
In some ways , Lagaan is quintessential Bollywood . Except it 's much , much better .
, Soderbergh is n't afraid to try any genre and to do it his own way .
, Secretary takes the most unexpected material and handles it in the most unexpected way .
, Signs is a tribute to Shyamalan 's gifts , which are such that we 'll keep watching the skies for his next project .
, Scratch is great fun , full of the kind of energy it 's documenting .
, Soderbergh 's Solaris is a gorgeous and deceptively minimalist cinematic tone poem .
, Skin of Man , Heart of Beast feels unusually assured .
, Slap Her is a small but rewarding comedy that takes aim at contemporary southern adolescence and never lets up .
( `` Safe Conduct '' ) is a long movie at 163 minutes but
( `` Take Care of My Cat '' ) is an honestly nice little film that takes us on an examination of young adult life in urban South Korea through the hearts and minds of the five principals .
( `` Safe Conduct '' ) is a long movie at 163 minutes but it fills the time with drama , romance , tragedy , bravery , political intrigue , partisans and sabotage
( `` Safe Conduct '' ) is a long movie at 163 minutes but it fills the time with drama , romance , tragedy , bravery , political intrigue , partisans and sabotage .
angel
animal
and overwhelmingly cogent
and packs an emotional wallop
and packed with fleet turns of plot and a feast of visual amazement
and particularly eccentric people have particularly eccentric living spaces
does n't feel like a half-baked stand-up routine
feels the dimming of a certain ambition , but in its place a sweetness , clarity and emotional openness that recalls the classics of early Italian neorealism .
feels the dimming of a certain ambition , but in its place a sweetness , clarity and emotional openness that recalls the classics of early Italian neorealism
food-for-thought cinema
feels capable of charming the masses with star power , a pop-induced score and sentimental moments that have become a Spielberg trademark
Mr . Hundert
Mr . Murray , a prolific director of music videos ,
A minor film with major pleasures from Portuguese master Manoel de Oliviera ...
A minor film with major pleasures from Portuguese master Manoel de Oliviera
, speaking its truths with spellbinding imagery and the entrancing music of Philip Glass
, spirited fashion
, sometimes clever , and always interesting
bravely
, silly , perverse , hopeful and always fun
, smart satire
Great fun both for sports aficionados and for ordinary louts whose idea of exercise is climbing the steps of a stadium-seat megaplex
Great fun
Great dragons
Great
Great over-the-top moviemaking if you 're in a slap-happy mood .
Great over-the-top moviemaking if you 're in a slap-happy mood
Great over-the-top
Great fun both for sports aficionados and for ordinary louts whose idea of exercise is climbing the steps of a stadium-seat megaplex .
Great performances ,
Great performances
waited three years with breathless anticipation for a new Hal Hartley movie to pore over
waited three years with breathless anticipation for a new Hal Hartley movie
waiting for things
both refreshingly different
both stars are appealing enough to probably have a good shot at a Hollywood career , if they want one
both the elements of the plot and a powerfully evocative mood combining heated sexuality with a haunting sense of malaise
, well-crafted family film
The story has some nice twists but the ending and some of the back-story is a little tired . The performances are all solid ;
`` hi ''
inherent strength
have fun in this cinematic sandbox
familiar , funny
infuses the role with an unimpeachable core of emotional truth
ingenious and entertaining
ingenious entertainment
ingenious plot devices
is worth seeing
is worth watching as it develops
Steers turns in a snappy screenplay that curls at the edges ; it 's so clever you want to hate it . But he somehow pulls it off
Steers turns in a snappy screenplay that curls at the edges ;
Starts off with a bang
Sound the trumpets : For the first time since Desperately Seeking Susan , Madonna does n't suck as an actress
Somewhat blurred , but Kinnear 's performance is razor sharp
genuine chemistry
mainstream audiences have rarely seen
genuine spontaneity
maintain a straight face
maintain a straight face while speaking to a highway patrolman
with a cast of quirky -- but not stereotyped -- street characters
with a brand new name in southern Tennessee
with a bright future
its passages of sensitive observation
its personable , amusing cast
classic .
classic satire
the verge of coming to a head
classical
the utter cuteness
the utter cuteness of Stuart
cried , not once , but three times in this animated sweet film
crime-film complications
leave you wanting more , not to mention leaving you with some laughs and a smile on your face
leave you wanting more ,
leave you wanting more
leave us with a sense of wonder at the diverse , marvelously twisted shapes history has taken
leave us with a sense of wonder
The hook
The hook is the drama within the drama , as an unsolved murder and an unresolved moral conflict jockey for the spotlight .
1993 classic
The hypnotic imagery and fragmentary tale
The hypnotic imagery and fragmentary tale explore the connections between place and personal identity .
movie-of-the-week
movie-star intensity
deeply absorbing piece
deeper every time
deep inside righteousness can be found a tough beauty
deeper , more direct connection
cleverer , better written and of considerable more interest than the finished film
cleverer , better written and
clever angle
cleverer , better written and of considerable more interest
cleverer , better written and of considerable
transformed the rhetoric of Hollywood melodrama
overt self-awareness
overwhelmingly cogent
overwhelmingly
how fantastic Reign of Fire looked
how hope can breed a certain kind of madness -- and strength
how interesting and likable
its faults even as you have to admit that somehow it hit you where you live
its heart-on-its-sleeve writing
its ambitions
its ambitions are equally -- and admirably -- uncommercial .
its athletic heart
its essence
its essence , composing a sorrowful and hilarious tone poem about alienated labor , or an absurdist workplace sitcom
first full scale WWII flick
turned completely
're ready to hate one character , or really sympathize with another character
're supposed to shriek
's ... worth the extra effort to see an artist , still committed to growth in his ninth decade , change while remaining true to his principles
's ... worth the extra effort to see an artist , still committed to growth in his ninth decade , change while remaining true to his principles with a film whose very subject is , quite pointedly , about the peril of such efforts
, what an idea , what a thrill ride . This is a more fascinating look at the future than '' Bladerunner '' and one of the most high-concept sci fi adventures attempted for the screen .
, what makes the movie fresh
, well-developed characters
, what a thrill ride . This is a more fascinating look at the future than '' Bladerunner '' and one of the most high-concept sci fi adventures attempted for the screen
, whatever your orientation .
time to let your hair down
good job
time to let your hair down -- Greek style
good Bond movie
is your ticket
is what IMAX was made for : Strap on a pair of 3-D goggles , shut out the real world , and take a vicarious voyage to the last frontier -- space .
is what IMAX was made for : Strap on a pair of 3-D goggles , shut out the real world , and take a vicarious voyage to the last frontier -- space
it is hard to conceive anyone else in their roles .
it is infused with the sensibility of a video director
it is an engaging and exciting narrative of Man confronting the Demons of his own fear and paranoia
as it should be
mounts on bikes , skateboards , and motorcycles provide an intense experience when splashed across the immense IMAX screen .
the 110 minutes of '' Panic Room
metaphorical visual style
make a courtroom trial great fun to watch
make a courtroom trial great fun
as much about gender , sexual preference or political agitprop as they were simply a triumph of the indomitable human will to rebel , connect and create
are included
are intimate and therefore bolder
is different from others in its genre in that it is does not rely on dumb gags , anatomical humor , or character cliches
on his movie to work at the back of your neck long after you leave the theater
on hammy at times
on digital video , whose tiny camera enables Shafer to navigate spaces both large ... and small ... with considerable aplomb
Will assuredly rank as one of the cleverest , most deceptively amusing comedies of the year .
greatest family-oriented
magnificent
estranged gay and lesbian children
even 3 Oscar winners
even Jean-Claude Van Damme look good
Hands down the year 's most thought-provoking film
alone conscious of each other 's existence
also a troubling interpretation of Ecclesiastes . A rewarding work of art for only the most patient and challenge-hungry moviegoers
also , clearly , great fun
also one of the smarter , savvier spoofs to come along in some time
also full of sharp , smart satire
also refreshing , disarming , and just outright enjoyable despite its ridiculousness
also the year 's sweetest movie
alternately amused
Toback 's deranged immediacy makes it seem fresh again
draw people together across the walls that might otherwise separate them
sophisticated and unsentimental treatment
sophisticated intrigue and human-scale characters
sort of amazing
's unburdened by pretensions to great artistic significance
's truly deserving of its Oscar nomination
's unique and quirky about Canadians
's unique or memorable
's unique or memorable .
the most sincere and artful movie
mesmerize
the most ravaging , gut-wrenching , frightening war scenes since '' Saving Private Ryan ''
the most savory and hilarious guilty pleasure
the most savory and hilarious guilty pleasure of many a recent movie season
this in the right frame of mind
's a great performance and a reminder of Dickens ' grandeur .
's a glorious spectacle like those D.W. Griffith made in the early days of silent film
's a funny little movie with clever dialogue and likeable characters .
's a fun one .
you can dance to
Beautiful , cold , oddly colorful and just plain otherworldly , a freaky bit of art that 's there to scare while we delight in the images .
Beautiful to watch
raw insight or both
have a distinct flair
Beautiful to watch and
Beautiful to watch and holds a certain charm
strikes a rewarding balance between emotion on the human scale and
transformed the rhetoric of Hollywood melodrama into something provocative , rich , and strange
these two literary figures , and even the times
a hip comedy
Happily , some things are immune to the folly of changing taste and attitude .
Hard to resist .
Hard , endearing , caring
One of the funniest motion pictures of the year , but ... also one of the most curiously depressing
One of the funniest motion pictures of the year , but
One of the finest
One of the best rock documentaries ever . Wilco is a phenomenal band with such an engrossing story that will capture the minds and hearts of many .
One of the best rock documentaries ever . Wilco
light-hearted profile
One of the funniest motion pictures of the year ,
One of the funniest motion pictures of the year
One of the funniest motion
One of the finest , most humane and important Holocaust movies ever made .
profoundly moving documentary
profound ethical and philosophical questions
profound ethical and philosophical questions in the form of dazzling pop entertainment
prominent
promising debut
Norton is magnetic as Graham .
North or South Vietnamese
Not a film for the faint of heart or conservative of spirit , but for the rest of us -- especially San Francisco lovers
Not a film for the faint of heart or conservative of spirit , but for the rest of us -- especially San Francisco lovers -- it 's a spirited film and a must-see .
Not a film for the faint of heart or conservative of spirit , but for the rest of us -- especially San Francisco lovers -- it 's a spirited film and a must-see
its own quirky personality
Memories of Rollerball
this sensuous and spirited tale of a prim widow who finds an unlikely release in belly-dancing clubs
this sensuous and spirited tale
this saga would be terrific to read about
this sad , occasionally horrifying but often inspiring film is among Wiseman 's warmest .
this sad , occasionally horrifying but often inspiring film
they engage and even touch us
be taken literally on any level
Alas , it 's the man that makes the clothes .
bare the tragedies of its setting with a good deal of warmth and humor
this movie loves women at all
both people 's capacity for evil and their heroic capacity for good
Take away the controversy
entertaining period drama ... both Caine and Fraser
entertaining for moviegoers of any age
entertaining period drama
enthusiasm
entertaining with its unconventionally wacky
entertaining with its unconventionally wacky but loving family
ambitious movie
ambitious to be fully successful
ambitious films
amiably idiosyncratic work
positively thrilling combination
historical epic
better ,
had the best intentions here
had their hearts in the right place
had their hearts in the right place .
moving , uplifting and funny
best-known creation
better , but
flavours
is a refreshingly novel ride
amicable
Moonlight Mile '' rise above its heart-on-its-sleeve writing
More mature than Fatal Attraction ,
More mature than Fatal Attraction
is a great glimpse into a very different world
is a great glimpse into a very different world .
is a good place to start .
is a great actress portraying a complex character
if you 're in the mood for something more comfortable than challenging
enjoy the perfectly pitched web of tension
its sincere acting
its social and political potential
a celebrated wonder in the spotlight
a catalyst for the struggle of black manhood in restrictive and chaotic America ...
a catalyst for the struggle of black manhood in restrictive and chaotic America ... sketchy but nevertheless gripping portrait of Jim Brown , a celebrated wonder in the spotlight
a celebrated wonder
a cult classic
a certain robustness
a certain robustness to this engaging mix of love and bloodletting
into the heartbeat of the world , a salute to the universal language of rhythm and a zippy sampling of sounds
into the familiar by amalgamating genres and adding true human complexity to its not-so-stock characters
into something truly new
into the category of Good Stupid Fun
into something strangely diverting
into something of considerable power
wealth
intelligence , wit or innovation
intellectual and
intellectual and emotional
intellectual and emotional impact
intellectual and emotional pedigree
intellectual lector in contemplation of the auteur 's professional injuries
intellectual masterpieces
, moments of the movie caused me to jump in my chair ...
, modestly action-oriented World War II adventure
is simply brilliant
is simple but absorbing .
is simple but absorbing
is silly but strangely believable .
is silly but strangely believable
thankfully understated
thanks to its hallucinatory production design
than what Shyamalan has given us in his past two movies
pretty darned good
is smart
is simply brilliant .
innocent ,
innocent , childlike
innocence and idealism
innocent , childlike and inherently funny
It 's a compelling and horrifying story
It 's a beautiful film , full of elaborate and twisted characters - and it 's also pretty funny .
It 's a beautiful film , full of elaborate and twisted characters - and it 's also pretty funny
groundbreaking endeavor
this is one of those rare pictures that you root for throughout
cute
a workable primer
a work of deft and subtle poetry
a work of fiction inspired by real-life events .
a wonderful subject
a wonderful subject for the camera
a wonderful thing
Filmmaker Stacy Peralta has a flashy editing style that does n't always jell with Sean Penn 's monotone narration , but he respects the material without sentimentalizing it .
much more successful translation
much more successful
of seeing justice served
much first-rate
misconstrued as weakness
's like having an old friend for dinner
pure '
Python
Pyromania
refreshingly naive point
psychological and philosophical
A touch of humor
good yarn
with the visceral sensation of longing , lasting traces of Charlotte 's web of desire and desperation
with the two-wrongs-make-a-right chemistry between Jolie and Burns
with the unsettling spookiness of the supernatural
with the two leads delivering Oscar-caliber performances
good script
good sitcom
good thing
good use
good use of the hefty audio system
good will of the parents and ` vain ' Jia 's defoliation
Adaptation 's success
Adaptation 's success in engaging the audience in the travails of creating a screenplay
Adaptation 's success in engaging the audience in the travails of creating a screenplay is extraordinary .
Adams , with four scriptwriters , takes care with the characters , who are so believable that you feel what they feel .
a true believer
a triumph of imagination
a twist -- far better
interesting and confirming
steeped themselves in the majesty of Tolkien 's writing that every frame produces new joys
steeped themselves in the majesty of Tolkien 's writing
is worth seeking out .
sticking with you
is unforgettable , deeply absorbing
is undeniable , if not a pleasure in its own right .
is worth seeking out
is unforgettable , deeply absorbing .
is undeniable , if not a pleasure in its own right
that it actually makes the heart soar
that it avoids the obvious with humour and lightness
Screenwriter Dan Schneider and director Shawn Levy substitute volume and primary colors for humor and bite .
looking like something wholly original
looking for a smart , nuanced look at de Sade and what might have happened at Picpus
looks as if it belongs on the big screen
a whole lot of laughs
superior plotline
Hollywood magic
Hollywood comedies such as Father of the Bride
sexual passion
, the film ( at 80 minutes ) is actually quite entertaining .
a brilliant college student --
a brilliant college student -- where 's Pauly Shore as the rocket scientist ?
... keep the movie slaloming through its hackneyed elements with enjoyable ease .
... it is visually ravishing , penetrating , impenetrable .
Philippe , who makes Oliver far more interesting than the character 's lines would suggest
a brilliant , honest performance by Nicholson
... plenty of warmth to go around , with music and laughter and the love of family .
it does mostly hold one 's interest
it does cathartic truth telling
liberal cause
wonderfully
to create a film that 's not merely about kicking undead \*\*\* , but also about dealing with regret and , ultimately , finding redemption
self-sacrifice and patience
to demonstrate the emotional clout to sweep U.S. viewers off their feet
an ` A '
an ` A ' for originality
amusing about how we go about our lives
ambition and accomplishment
among Willams ' best screen
amazingly well .
ambition
, the film acquires an undeniable entertainment value as the slight
an agreeably unpretentious way to spend ninety minutes .
to the most enchanting film of the year
to the fore for the gifted but no-nonsense human beings they are and for the still-inestimable contribution they have made to our shared history
works with Weaver 's sensitive reactions
works superbly
be living well because this film , unlike other Dumas adaptations , is far more likened to a treasure than a lengthy jail sentence
Earns its laughs
profound ,
Sex With Strangers is fascinating ...
recommend Big Bad Love only
sociopath who 's the scariest of sadists
, it might just be the movie you 're looking for .
, it still works .
recommend SECRETARY ,
a better movie
finely tuned
a shrewd and effective film
going on inside each trailer park you drive past -- even if it chiefly inspires you to drive a little faster
the least bit ashamed in admitting that my enjoyment came at the expense of seeing justice served , even if it 's a dish that 's best served cold
's a part of us that can not help be entertained by the sight of someone getting away with something .
's a part of us that can not help be entertained by the sight of someone getting away with something
carries you along
carries you along in a torrent of emotion
carry the film with their charisma
carries us effortlessly
carries us effortlessly from darkness
carries us effortlessly from darkness to light
carries you
film lately , you may be surprised at the variety of tones in Spielberg 's work .
takes us on a roller-coaster ride from innocence
takes us on a bumpy but satisfying journey of the heart .
takes us on a bumpy but satisfying journey of the heart
Building slowly and subtly , the film , sporting a breezy spontaneity and realistically drawn characterizations , develops into a significant character study that is both moving and wise .
But fans should have fun meeting
But if it is indeed a duty of art to reflect life , than Leigh has created a masterful piece of artistry right here .
The movie is well crafted ,
associate with Cage 's best acting
into a rousing treatise of sensual empowerment
intimate and the dialogue is realistic and greatly moving . The scope of the Silberstein family is large and we grow attached to their lives , full of strength , warmth and vitality .
the guilty pleasure b-movie
the guilty pleasure
interesting and entertaining
intimate and the dialogue is realistic and greatly moving . The scope of the Silberstein family is large
intimate and the dialogue is realistic and greatly moving . The scope of the Silberstein family
praiseworthy attempt to generate suspense rather than gross out the audience
The movie is well crafted , and well executed . If you 're paying attention , the '' big twists '' are pretty easy to guess -
sporting a breezy spontaneity and realistically drawn characterizations ,
sporting a breezy spontaneity
sporting a breezy spontaneity and realistically drawn characterizations
sprawling swashbuckler
The movie is well crafted , and well executed . If you 're paying attention , the '' big twists '' are pretty easy to guess - but
From the opening strains of the Average White Band 's `` Pick up the Pieces '' , you can feel the love .
From both a great and a terrible story , Mr. Nelson has made a film that is an undeniably worthy and devastating experience .
From blushing to gushing -- Imamura squirts the screen in ` Warm Water Under a Red Bridge '
yeah
the rich and sudden wisdom , the film
to learn , to grow
chilling but quite human
chilling but quite human Berling
The movie itself is far from disappointing , offering an original
ever find of why art matters , and how it can resonate far beyond museum walls and through to the most painfully marginal lives
a profound way
radiates star-power potential in this remarkable and memorable film .
, and to her inventive director
And yet , it still works .
And we do n't avert our eyes for a moment .
based on theory , sleight-of-hand , and ill-wrought hypothesis
And there 's an element of heartbreak to watching it now , with older and wiser eyes , because we know what will happen after Greene 's story ends .
And the reason for that is a self-aware , often self-mocking , intelligence .
it 's genuinely cool to hear characters talk about early rap records ( Sugar Hill Gang , etc. )
it 's great for the kids
National Lampoon since Class Reunion
A highly personal look at the effects of living a dysfunctionally privileged lifestyle
A highly personal look at the effects of living a dysfunctionally privileged lifestyle , and by the end , we only wish we could have spent more time in its world
A highly watchable , giggly little story
A highly watchable , giggly little story with a sweet edge to it .
A highly watchable , giggly little story with a sweet
A huge box-office hit in Korea
A huge box-office
the eyes of some children who remain curious about each other against all odds
radiates star-power potential in this remarkable and memorable film
the best Star Trek movie
punch line
the best actors there is
Bouquet gives a performance that is masterly .
with spikes of sly humor
fresh , unforced naturalism to their characters
fresh air
fresh , unforced
fresh , unforced naturalism
frequent laughter
fresh ,
will turn Bill Paxton into an A-list director
will touch you to the core in a film you will never forget -- that you should never forget
will touch you to the core in a film you will never forget -- that you should never forget .
will thrill you , touch you and make you
will talk about for hours .
good the execution
good things
good the execution of a mentally challenged woman could possibly do
good to be bad
good things happen to bad people
you can do something fun tonight .
Apart from anything else , this is one of the best-sustained ideas I have ever seen on the screen .
Anyone who wants to start writing screenplays
is the best little '' horror '' movie
is the cold comfort that Chin 's film serves up with style and empathy
it was a guilty pleasure
it was going to be
that cleverly captures the dry wit that 's so prevalent on The Rock
that cuts to the chase of the modern girl 's dilemma
idiosyncratic humor
the story has the sizzle of old news that has finally found the right vent ( accurate ?
the story as imaginative as in the original
that it transcends the normal divisions between fiction and nonfiction film
recent comedies
recent favourite
recapturing
recapturing the brilliance of his Hong Kong films
receive
with all of this
A memorable experience that , like many of his works , presents weighty issues
A memorable experience
A marvel like none you 've seen .
A marvel
A macabre and very stylized Swedish fillm about a modern city where all the religious and civic virtues that hold society in place are in tatters .
A lyrical metaphor for cultural and personal self-discovery and a picaresque view of a little-remembered world .
A lyrical metaphor for cultural and personal self-discovery and a picaresque view of a little-remembered world
A lyrical metaphor for cultural and personal self-discovery and a picaresque view
real situations and characters
some modest amusements
psychological
to the bravery and dedication of the world 's reporters who willingly walk into the nightmare of war not only to record the events for posterity , but to help us
why it 's so successful at lodging itself in the brain
with humor and poignancy
delight newcomers to the story and those who know it from bygone days
deftly wrought suspense yarn
dedicated and good-hearted
dedicated
dedicated and good-hearted professionalism
deeply felt and masterfully stylized
deeply felt and masterfully
deeply felt and masterfully stylized ,
with acting , tone and pace very obviously mark him as a video helmer making his feature debut
know it would n't exist without the precedent of Yiddish theater , whose jolly , fun-for-fun 's - sake communal spirit goes to the essence of Broadway
Wilco fans will have a great time ,
Wilco fans will have a great time
While the film is not entirely successful , it still manages to string together enough charming moments to work .
Wilco fans will have a great time , and the movie should win the band a few new converts , too
Wilco fans will have a great time , and
the Beat he hears in his soul
the Beast should definitely get top billing . Robert John Burke as The Monster horns in and steals the show
a sharp movie about otherwise dull subjects
a sheer unbridled delight
has done his homework and soaked up some jazzy new revisionist theories about the origins of Nazi politics and aesthetics .
has done his homework and soaked up some jazzy new revisionist theories about the origins of Nazi politics and aesthetics
has done his homework and
has done excellent work here .
has done excellent work here
has directed not only one of the best gay love stories ever made
has created such a vibrant , colorful world
has created a provocative , absorbing drama that reveals the curse of a self-hatred instilled by rigid social mores .
the integrity
the incredibly flexible cast
the incredibly flexible
the inspiration of the original
the importance of being earnest , so thick with wit it plays like a reading from bartlett 's familiar quotations
the importance of being earnest , so thick with wit
a sheer unbridled delight in the way the story unfurls
Dover Kosashvili 's feature directing debut
Dover Kosashvili 's outstanding feature debut
Dover Kosashvili 's outstanding feature debut so potent
builds gradually until you feel fully embraced by this gentle comedy .
build a feel-good fantasy
build a feel-good fantasy around a vain dictator-madman
building to a laugh riot
's worth yet another visit
Melodrama with a message
Meeting , even exceeding expectations , it 's the best sequel since The Empire Strikes Back ... a majestic achievement , an epic of astonishing grandeur and surprising emotional depth .
Take Care of My Cat emerges as the very best of them
Take any 12-year-old boy to see this picture , and he 'll be your slave for a year .
Take any 12-year-old boy to see this picture , and he 'll be your slave for a year
High Crimes steals so freely from other movies and combines enough disparate types of films that it ca n't help but engage an audience .
Takes a fresh and absorbing look
His best-known creation
His healthy sense of satire is light and fun
His healthy sense of satire
shiver-inducing
a successful career in TV
a successful one
a successful career
super-cool , and
super-cool ,
successful and
though he only scratches the surface , at least he provides a strong itch to explore more
play out realistically if not always fairly
played and smartly
a sharp movie
played and smartly directed .
played and smartly directed
is full of memorable performances from top to bottom .
was witty
easy feel-good sentiments
easy to love Robin Tunney
easy to be cynical about documentaries in which underdogs beat the odds and the human spirit triumphs
Ice Age is consistently amusing and engrossing ...
Rises )
Iben Hjelje is entirely appealing as Pumpkin
Rises
IMAX sound system
Ian Holm conquers France as an earthy Napoleon
The performances are all solid ; it merely lacks originality to make it a great movie
in a dark room with something cool
-- in turns loyal and deceitful , responsible and reckless , idealistically selfless and coldly self-interested
wonderfully respectful of its past and thrilling enough to make it abundantly clear that this movie phenomenon has once again reinvented itself for a new generation
is higher than in Mary and most other recent comedies
titillation , raw insight or both
which provided an engrossing dramatic through line
the worthy EMI recording that serves as the soundtrack , or the home video of the 1992 Malfitano-Domingo production
at his most critically insightful
at how much we care about the story
ya , what with all of those terrific songs and spirited performances
with soul
\ \/ Thinking
create a film that 's not merely about kicking undead \*\*\*
as an emotionally accessible , almost mystical work
as an eloquent memorial
as an engrossing story about a horrifying historical event and the elements which contributed to it
as an important , original talent in international cinema
only enhance the film 's otherworldly quality , giving it a strange combo of you-are-there closeness with the disorienting unreality of the seemingly broken-down fourth wall of the movie screen .
acumen
actually seem to understand what made Allen 's romantic comedies so pertinent and enduring
actually manages to bring something new into the mix
actually looks as if it belongs on the big screen
acts with the feral intensity of the young Bette Davis .
acts with the feral intensity of the young Bette Davis
resonant gem that relays its universal points without lectures or confrontations
resonant gem
respectable summer blockbuster
trying to be more complex than your average film
trying to capture the novel 's deeper intimate resonances
This film is an act of spiritual faith -- an eloquent , deeply felt meditation on the nature of compassion .
This gorgeous epic
This gorgeous epic is guaranteed to lift the spirits of the whole family .
whose aims -- and by extension , accomplishments --
besides its terrific performances
besides its terrific performances , is Fontaine 's willingness to wander into the dark areas of parent-child relationships without flinching .
best 60 Minutes
best Disney movie since the Lion King ''
best Herzog
best about
best actor
best and most exciting
best and most exciting movies
best brush
No wonder they 're talking about '' Talk to Her . '' It 's astonishing .
No wonder they 're talking about '' Talk to Her
No sophomore slump for director Sam Mendes , who segues from Oscar winner to Oscar-winning potential with a smooth sleight of hand .
No question
No one goes unindicted here , which is probably for the best . And if you 're not nearly moved to tears by a couple of scenes , you 've got ice water in your veins .
pomposity and
Nolan bravely treads where few American films dare to delve -- into the world of ambivalence and ambiguity ...
silly
simply sublime
a dizzying , volatile , pressure-cooker
aspires
at a brisk , amusing pace
filmmaking that should attract upscale audiences hungry for quality and a nostalgic , twisty yarn that will keep them guessing
filmmaking with a visually masterful work of quiet power
films had the ability to mesmerize , astonish and entertain
filmmaking without the balm of right-thinking ideology , either liberal or conservative . Mr . Scorsese 's bravery and integrity in advancing this vision can hardly be underestimated
well-done
well-developed characters
well-constructed
well-crafted film
well-contructed
well-constructed narrative
Glizty
parable about honesty and good sportsmanship
fun meeting
recognize even without the Elizabethan prose , the play behind the thing
fun being grown up
it far above
fully-written characters
about documentaries in which underdogs beat the odds and the human spirit triumphs
about cleverness , wit or any other kind of intelligent humor
to make an old-fashioned nature film that educates viewers with words and pictures while entertaining them
unabashed sweetness
a well-made thriller with a certain level of intelligence and non-reactionary morality
fun to entertain the preschool set while embracing a wholesome attitude .
fun to entertain the preschool set while embracing a wholesome attitude
Middle Eastern world politics
'' is far funnier than it would seem to have any right to be .
has value can not be denied
has value can not be denied .
'' is an intelligent flick that examines many different ideas from happiness to guilt in an intriguing bit of storytelling .
ultimately that 's what makes it worth a recommendation
of awe
of attraction and interdependence
of authentically impulsive humor
Lightweight but appealing .
Lightweight but appealing
Light years \/ several warp speeds \/ levels and levels of dilithium crystals better than the pitiful Insurrection .
Light , silly , photographed with colour and depth , and rather a good time .
Light , silly
every once in a while a film arrives from the margin that gives viewers a chance to learn , to grow , to travel .
every once in a while , a movie will come along that turns me into that annoying specimen of humanity that I usually dread encountering the most - The Fanboy
the charm of Kevin Kline and a story that puts old-fashioned values under the microscope
ultimately satisfying
This remake gets all there is to get out of a peculiar premise with promise : Al Pacino loathing Robin Williams
This remake gets all there is to get out of a peculiar premise with promise :
This remake gets all there is to get out of a peculiar premise with promise
This movie may not have the highest production values you 've ever seen , but it 's the work of an artist , one whose view of America , history and the awkwardness of human life is generous and deep .
This movie may not have the highest production values you 've ever seen , but it 's the work of an artist , one whose view of America , history and the awkwardness of human life is generous and deep
it 's goofy ( if not entirely wholesome ) fun
it 's going to be a trip
it 's good enough to be the purr
it 's hard not to be carried away
create a film that 's not merely about kicking undead \*\*\* , but also about dealing with regret and , ultimately , finding redemption
like The Wanderers and A Bronx Tale
like The Guys
like Some Like It
natural running time
naiveté and sophistication
as it lets you grasp and feel the passion others have for their work
It 's just a movie that happens to have Jackie Chan in it . And that makes all the difference .
is interested
the creative act
the crackle of lines , the impressive stagings of hardware
is a real filmmaker .
keeps the film constantly taut ...
keeps the film constantly taut
keeps the film
raises some worthwhile themes while delivering a wholesome fantasy for kids
important to him
implausible platonic romance that makes chaplin 's city lights
Easily the most thoughtful fictional examination of the root causes of anti-Semitism ever seen on screen .
Easily the most thoughtful fictional examination of the root
Efficient ,
Efficient
Efficient , suitably anonymous chiller .
Efficient , suitably anonymous chiller
A superbly acted and funny\/gritty fable of the humanizing of one woman at the hands of the unseen forces of fate .
A swashbuckling tale of love , betrayal , revenge and above all , faith
A taut psychological thriller
A taut psychological thriller that does n't waste a moment
A taut psychological thriller that does n't waste a moment of its two-hour running time
A taut psychological thriller that does n't waste a moment of its two-hour running time .
A tender ,
A tender , heartfelt family drama
A tender , witty , captivating film about friendship , love , memory , trust and loyalty
A tender , witty , captivating film about friendship , love , memory , trust and loyalty .
sandbox
rewarded with two of the year 's most accomplished and riveting film performances
kind of enjoyable thanks mainly
kind of dark comedy requires a delicate , surgical touch
is so earnest in its yearning for the days
is attractive
is attractive .
is authentic
is authentic .
rewards to be had by all willing to make the effort to reap them
Everything in Maid in Manhattan is exceedingly pleasant , designed not to offend .
cares passionately about its subject
brushed with sentimentality but brimming with gentle humor , bittersweet pathos , and lyric moments
brushed with sentimentality but
brushed with sentimentality
's hard to quibble with a flick boasting this many genuine cackles
Schumacher does probably as good a job as anyone at bringing off the Hopkins\/Rock collision of acting styles and onscreen personas
took off
top actors
transparently
but its macabre , self-deprecating sense of humor makes up for a lot .
but its pleasures are still plentiful .
but its profound self-evaluation message about our fragile existence and the absence of spiritual guidance should at least invade an abundance of mindsets
but likable ,
on the strength of their own cleverness
on the shoulders of its actors
, scariest movies to come along in a long , long time , easily rivaling Blair Witch or The Others .
winter landscapes
intimate and socially encompassing
of Steven Soderbergh 's earlier films were hailed as the works of an artist
the incredible storyline
intimate and therefore bolder
of Steven Spielberg 's Schindler 's List
the innocence
the inevitable Hollywood remake flattens out all its odd , intriguing wrinkles
without once denying the hardscrabble lives of people on the economic fringes of Margaret Thatcher 's ruinous legacy , he insists on the importance of those moments when people can connect and express their love for each other
wisdom that comes with experience .
staring hypnotically at her , trying to understand her
Competently directed but terminally cute drama .
humorous , all-too-human look
humorous , spooky , educational , but at other times as bland as a block of snow .
tiny acts of kindness make ordinary life survivable
tiny acts of kindness
spellbinding fun
broke out into elaborate choreography
solid pedigree
solid performance
solid , spooky entertainment
solid and refined piece
solid build-up
put in service
conjured up more coming-of-age stories than seem possible
snappy comebacks
is an enjoyable and frankly told tale of a people who live among us , but not necessarily with us
is an enjoyable Big Movie primarily because Australia is a weirdly beautiful place
is an enjoyable and frankly told tale of a people who live among us , but not necessarily with us .
is an incredibly layered and stylistic film that , despite a fairly slow paced , almost humdrum approach to character development , still manages at least a decent attempt at meaningful cinema .
is an unconventional storyteller , capable of finding beauty in the most depressing places .
is an unconventional storyteller , capable of finding beauty in the most depressing places
A taut , sobering film .
A terrific date movie
A terrific date movie , whatever your orientation .
A thoroughly engaging , surprisingly touching British comedy
's the inimitable Diaz , holding it all together .
's sweet .
's surprisingly harmless .
's the chemistry between the women and the droll scene-stealing wit and wolfish pessimism of Anna Chancellor that makes this `` Two Weddings and a Funeral '' fun .
's the chemistry between the women and the droll scene-stealing wit and wolfish pessimism of Anna Chancellor that makes this `` Two Weddings and a Funeral '' fun
's the Russian word for Wow !? '
examines a footnote to history seldom brought to light on the screen , and keeps you guessing from first frame to last
ever seen that still manages to be uplifting but not overly sentimental
exactly as thought-provoking
everyone see this movie -- for its historical significance alone
Spain 's greatest star wattage
the strange , stark beauty
deals with hot-button issues in a comedic context
dealing with the destruction of property and , potentially , of life itself
deal with the subject of love head-on ; trading in his cynicism for reverence and a little wit
put it on a coffee table
making Kahlo 's art a living ,
a rarity in Hollywood
a rather unique approach to documentary
I thought the relationships were wonderful , the comedy was funny , and the love ` real '
I thought the relationships were wonderful , the comedy was funny , and
I walked away from this new version of E.T. just as I hoped I would -- with moist eyes .
I thought was rather clever
surprising us
manic whimsy
managing to walk a fine line with regard to the question of Joan 's madness
manages to deliver up the man in a way to arouse further curiosity in even the most unknowing viewer
manages to capture a cruelly hilarious vein of black comedy in the situation with his cast of non-actors and a gritty , no-budget approach .
manages to convey more substance despite its repetitions and inconsistencies than do most films than
Without ( De Niro ) , City By The Sea would slip under the waves . He drags it back , single-handed .
With this masterful
With this masterful , flawless film , ( Wang ) emerges in the front ranks of China 's now numerous , world-renowned filmmakers .
With the prospect of films like Kangaroo Jack about to burst across America 's winter movie screens it 's a pleasure to have a film like The Hours as an alternative .
With this new Rollerball
simply radiates star-power potential in this remarkable and memorable film .
since '' Dumbo '' certainly ranks as the most original in years
since Ghostbusters
A work of astonishing delicacy and force .
A wildly funny prison
A wildly funny prison caper .
A warm but realistic meditation on friendship , family and affection
A warm but realistic meditation on friendship , family and affection .
A warm , funny , engaging film .
A warm but realistic meditation
A vivid cinematic portrait .
A warm , funny
a pathetic , endearing hero
a passion for the material
a patient viewer
in Asia , where Ms. Shu is an institution
a perceptive study
a perfect Wildean actor
a perceptive study of two families in crisis -- and of two girls whose friendship is severely tested by bad luck and their own immaturity
who could too easily become comic relief in any other film
of Dreams
of Anna Chancellor that makes this '' Two Weddings and a Funeral '' fun
of Cox 's work
agreeable
ocean visuals
explosive physical energy and convincing intelligence
explosive physical energy and
explosive physical energy
explosive
relate to the search for inner peace by dramatically depicting the lives of others onstage
regards 1967 as the key turning point of the 20th century
reinvented itself
relate to the search for inner peace
poses for itself that one can forgive the film its flaws
portrayed with almost supernatural powers
portrayed with almost supernatural powers to humble , teach and ultimately redeem their mentally '' superior '' friends , family
find the new scenes interesting
find the seeds of hope
find the seeds of hope in the form of collective action
finding a new and ingenious angle
finding beauty in the most depressing places
Captures the raw comic energy of one of our most flamboyant female comics
engaging diatribes
engaging examination
engaging and exciting
engaging and exciting narrative
engaging and unpredictable character pieces
engaging criminal
engages less for its story of actorly existential despair than for its boundary-hopping formal innovations and glimpse into another kind of Chinese ` cultural revolution . '
engaging , surprisingly touching British comedy
engaging , wide-eyed actress
transforms this story about love and culture
transforms this story about love and culture into a cinematic poem
transformed star
transform themselves into a believable mother\/daughter pair
transforms the dreary expanse of dead-end distaste the characters inhabit into a poem of art , music and metaphor
Two tedious acts light on great scares and a good surprise ending .
Berling and Béart ... continue to impress ,
Berling and Béart ... continue to impress , and
Berling and Béart ... continue to impress
Berlin
Berling and Béart ... continue to impress , and Isabelle Huppert ... again shows uncanny skill in getting under the skin of her characters
Berling and Béart ... continue to impress , and Isabelle Huppert ... again shows uncanny skill in getting under the skin of her characters .
if you 're not nearly moved to tears by a couple of scenes , you 've got ice water in your veins .
that this film asks the right questions at the right time in the history of our country
that this film was n't as bad as I thought it was going to be
Vividly conveys the passion , creativity , and fearlessness of one of Mexico 's most colorful and controversial artists -- a captivating drama that will speak to the nonconformist in us all .
that this is a highly ambitious and personal project for Egoyan
Danny Huston gives ) an astounding performance that deftly , gradually reveals a real human soul buried beneath a spellbinding serpent 's smirk .
strangely sinister happy ending
strange and wonderful creatures
strangely funny
to you .
to yield some interesting results
for the fine star performances
Wow
With a cast that includes some of the top actors working in independent film , Lovely & Amazing involves us because it is so incisive , so bleakly amusing about how we go about our lives .
With a cast that includes some of the top actors working in independent film
Without heavy-handedness
With the film 's striking ending , one realizes that we have a long way to go before we fully understand all the sexual permutations involved .
With the film 's striking ending
one of the rarest kinds of films : a family-oriented non-Disney film that is actually funny without hitting below the belt
one of the rarest kinds of films
one of the rarest kinds of films :
one of those all-star reunions
one of the summer 's most pleasurable movies
make for some robust and scary entertainment .
make it a great piece to watch with kids and use to introduce video as art
make interesting a subject you thought would leave you cold
make it look as though they are having so much fun
directed the stage version of Elling , and gets fine performances from his two leads who originated the characters on stage
Peter Jackson has done the nearly impossible .
An endearingly offbeat romantic comedy with a great meet-cute gimmick
An absorbing trip into the minds and motivations of people under stress as well as a keen , unsentimental look at variations on the theme of motherhood
An enjoyable film for the family , amusing and cute
An engaging overview of Johnson 's eccentric career
An enjoyably half-wit remake of the venerable Italian comedy Big Deal
An enjoyable film for the family , amusing and cute for both adults and kids
An enthralling ,
An epic of grandeur and scale
An enthralling , playful film that constantly frustrates our desire to know the ` truth ' about this man , while deconstructing the very format of the biography in a manner that Derrida would doubtless give his blessing to
with the sleeper movie of the summer award
of a stylish psychological thriller
of a summer popcorn movie
of a well-made pizza
of female audience members drooling over Michael Idemoto as Michael
of family tradition and familial community
The big-screen Scooby
of faith in the future
of familial separation and societal betrayal
Godard 's ode to tackling life 's wonderment
Goldbacher draws on an elegant visual sense and a talent for easy , seductive pacing
more than four
more than competent
Mildly entertaining
Mildly amusing
Mike White 's deft combination of serious subject matter and dark , funny humor
Mike White 's deft combination of serious subject matter and dark , funny humor make `` The Good Girl '' a film worth watching .
always remains movingly genuine .
always remains movingly genuine
almost real-live
also surprisingly funny
also , believe it or not , immensely entertaining , a David and Goliath story that 's still very much playing itself out
it 's just another sports drama\/character study . Yet this one makes up for in heart what it lacks in outright newness . Plus , like I already mentioned ... it 's Robert Duvall ! C'mon !
it 's just another sports drama\/character study . Yet this one makes up for in heart what it lacks in outright newness . Plus , like I already mentioned ... it 's Robert Duvall ! C'mon
it 's just another sports drama\/character study . Yet this one makes up for in heart what it lacks in outright newness . Plus , like I already mentioned ...
it 's just another sports drama\/character study . Yet this one makes up for in heart what it lacks in outright newness . Plus , like I already mentioned
it 's inoffensive and actually rather sweet
it 's much , much better
it 's likely to please audiences who like movies that demand four hankies
offers just enough insight to keep it from being simpleminded
, Lathan and Diggs are charming and have chemistry both as friends and lovers .
good than great
, Miller eloquently captures the moment when a woman 's life , out of a deep-seated , emotional need , is about to turn onto a different path .
, Miller 's film is one of 2002 's involvingly adult surprises .
, No Such Thing is a fascinating little tale .
good spirits
hippest
his ( Nelson 's ) screenplay
works so well I 'm almost recommending it , anyway
works so well I 'm almost recommending it , anyway -- maybe not to everybody , but certainly to people with a curiosity about
works so well I 'm almost recommending it , anyway -- maybe not to everybody , but certainly to people with a curiosity about how a movie can go very right , and then step wrong
flick worthy of a couple hours of summertime and a bucket of popcorn . Nothing overly original
fleeting joys
fleet-footed and pleasingly upbeat
Pratfalls aside , Barbershop gets its greatest play from the timeless spectacle of people really talking to each other .
i can testify to the comparative accuracy of ms
got it right the first time
gorgeously elaborate continuation
gorgeous piano
got me grinning
got me grinning .
ultimately delivers
ultimately achieves its main strategic objective : dramatizing the human cost of the conflict that came to define a generation .
the chief reasons Brown Sugar is such a sweet and sexy film
love , longing ,
love , longing , and
love , loyalty
love , loyalty and
love , memory , trust and loyalty
love --
is a big , juicy role
is Holofcener 's deep , uncompromising curtsy to women she knows , and very likely is . When all is said and done , she loves them to pieces -- and so , I trust
is Nicholson 's goofy , heartfelt , mesmerizing King Lear .
is Nicholson 's goofy , heartfelt , mesmerizing King Lear
is One Hour Photo 's real strength
is a VH1 Behind the Music special that has something a little more special behind it : music that did n't sell many records but helped change a nation .
is a VH1 Behind the Music special that has something a little more special behind it : music that did n't sell many records but helped change a nation
more guts and energy than much of what will open this year
more guts and energy
more contemporary
more confident
entertaining , if ultimately minor , thriller
entertaining , if ultimately minor ,
entertaining comedy
entertaining and moving
entertaining movie
entertaining feature
entertaining thriller
entertaining ride
entertaining to watch the target practice
with humor , passion , and verve
a bittersweet and lyrical mix of elements
long after you leave the theater
that we 'll keep watching the skies for his next project
that we feel as if we 're seeing something purer than the real thing
that was a deserved co-winner of the Audience Award for documentaries at the Sundance Film Festival
a boldly experimental , contemporary stylist
and moving portrait
and narrative grace
and narrative strength
liking
featherweight charm
The movie worked for me right up to the final scene ,
The movie starts with a legend and ends with a story that is so far-fetched it would be impossible to believe if it were n't true . This is the stuff that Disney movies are made of .
The movie worked for me right up to the final scene , and
fearless in picking apart human foibles , not afraid to lay her life bare in front of an audience .
The music makes a nice album
feast
the most memorable cinema session but its profound self-evaluation message about our fragile existence and the absence of spiritual guidance should at least invade an abundance of mindsets
feasting on the gorgeous , ramshackle landscape of the filmmaker 's motherland
enthralling aesthetic experience
enthralling drama
entertaining , colorful , action-filled crime story
entertaining British hybrid
entertaining and informative documentary
entertaining documentary
entertaining film
entertainingly
entertainingly reenacting a historic scandal
entertainingly reenacting a historic scandal .
hilarious and sad
hilarious ode
highly polished
highly studied
hilarious and
hilarious !
hilarious )
a level of high drama
for historical truth and realism
current Americanized adaptation
power and depth
power and grace
powerful performance
powerful young actor
powerful acting clinic
powerful drama
be genuinely satisfying
a whole lot
a visual delight and a decent popcorn adventure
a visual delight
is a refreshingly serious look at young women .
ways kids can make a playground out of the refuse of adults
A crisp psychological drama ( and ) a fascinating little thriller that would have been perfect for an old `` Twilight Zone '' episode .
A crisp psychological drama ( and ) a fascinating little thriller that would have been perfect for an old `` Twilight Zone '' episode
A delectable and intriguing thriller filled with surprises , Read My Lips is an original .
A delectable and intriguing thriller filled with surprises , Read My Lips
this a diss . Consider it ` perfection
whose charm , cultivation and devotion to his people are readily apparent
their enthusiasm
this a moving experience for people who have n't read the book
will entertain with their gross outs , bawdy comedy and head games .
will impress even those viewers who have little patience for Euro-film pretension .
their earnestness -- which makes for a terrifying film
will win you over .
will win you over
serves as a valuable time capsule to remind us of the devastating horror suffered by an entire people
seriousness and compassion
serves as a valuable time capsule to remind us of the devastating horror suffered by an entire people .
services
set on a truly grand scale
mystery and a ravishing , baroque beauty
n utterly charming and hilarious film that reminded me of the best of the Disney comedies from the 60s
explored with infinitely more grace and eloquence
A cultural wildcard experience : wacky , different , unusual , even nutty .
A cultural wildcard experience : wacky , different , unusual , even nutty
A creepy , intermittently powerful study of a self-destructive man ... about as unsettling to watch as an exploratory medical procedure or an autopsy .
A cultural wildcard experience
Puts a refreshing and comical spin on the all-too-familiar saga of the contemporary single woman .
A culture-clash comedy that , in addition to being very funny
A culture-clash comedy that , in addition to being very funny ,
Six Days
should be able to appreciate the wonderful cinematography and naturalistic acting
should appeal to anyone willing to succumb to it
should be commended for taking a fresh approach to familiar material
should be able to appreciate the wonderful cinematography and naturalistic acting .
should be as entertaining as it is
genuinely funny jokes
raise audience 's spirits and
raises the film above anything Sandler 's been attached to before
raises the film above anything Sandler 's been attached to before .
ranks as the most original in years
Land , people and narrative flow together in a stark portrait of motherhood deferred and desire explored .
for Wow !
to humble , teach and ultimately redeem their mentally '' superior '' friends , family
dramatic potential
dramatic unity
things so nice
things will turn out
things will turn out okay
artful
articulate character
artful Large Format filmmaking you are likely to see anytime soon
artfully crafted meditation on mortality .
Steers , in his feature film debut , has created a brilliant motion picture .
extravagant confidence
extravagantly
Steven Soderbergh 's earlier films were hailed as the works of an artist
Steven Soderbergh 's earlier films
runaway success
It 's not too fast and not too slow .
It 's not too racy and
It 's packed with adventure and a worthwhile environmental message ,
It 's packed with adventure and a worthwhile environmental message , so
It 's packed with adventure and a worthwhile environmental message
It 's packed with adventure and a worthwhile environmental message , so it 's great for the kids
It 's packed with adventure and a worthwhile environmental message , so it 's great for the kids .
Hubert 's punches
honestly address the flaws inherent in how medical aid is made available to American workers
honesty and dignity
honesty and respect
and helps to give them an atavistic power , as if they were tales that had been handed down since the beginning of time
and heart enough for everyone
and he never reduces the situation to simple melodrama .
and heart-warming
and heart-affecting
is suspenseful and ultimately unpredictable , with a sterling ensemble cast .
stylistic austerity and forcefulness
stylish sizzle
stylish surprises
stylishly
stylishly directed with verve
stylish but steady , and ultimately very satisfying ,
stylish but steady , and ultimately very satisfying , piece
stylish cinematography
stylish film
on a 10-year delay
you 'd want to watch if you only had a week to live
you 'd swear you
It does n't quite work , but there 's enough here to make us look forward to the Russos ' next offering
has generic virtues
has generic virtues , and despite a lot of involved talent , seems done by the numbers
warmest
warmed up to him
warnings
to be a fascinating , involving character study
Watching Haneke 's film is , aptly enough , a challenge and a punishment . But watching Huppert , a great actress tearing into a landmark role , is riveting
more than make up for its logical loopholes , which fly by so fast there 's no time to think about them anyway
more than its fair share of saucy hilarity .
more than exposes the roots of the skateboarding boom that would become '' the punk kids ' revolution . ''
more than enough sentimental catharsis
updating of '' Carmen '' which is best for the stunning star
to be a joyful or at least fascinating subject
immensely appealing
immensely appealing couple
trademark grin
` Blue Crush ' swims away with the Sleeper Movie of the Summer award .
` Barbershop '' is a good-hearted ensemble comedy with a variety of quirky characters and an engaging story .
their consistently sensitive and often exciting treatment
their consistently sensitive and often exciting treatment of an ignored people
recommend this film because for every thing it does right there
to tell their kids how not to act like Pinocchio
wildest fantasies
lying if I said my ribcage did n't ache by the end of Kung Pow
lusty , boisterous and utterly charming
lusty ,
lustrous polished
lustrous polished visuals
sparklingly inventive and artful , always fast and furious tale
sparklingly
sparklingly inventive and artful , always fast and furious
sparklingly inventive and artful
space adventure
spaces
rewarding
is now outselling the electric guitar ...
is nothing short of a great one
is nothing short of a great one .
is notable for its sheer audacity and openness
is notable for its sheer audacity and openness .
is not your standard Hollywood bio-pic . Schrader aims to present an unflinching look at one man 's downfall , brought about by his lack of self-awareness .
in the tiny events that could make a person who has lived her life half-asleep suddenly wake up and take notice
in the thrill of the company 's astonishing growth
would be very sweet indeed
in the soulful development of two rowdy teenagers
Polanski has found the perfect material with which to address his own World War II experience in his signature style .
, as usual , brilliant
, at the same time , is so fresh and free of the usual thriller nonsense that it all seems to be happening for the first time
, both in terms of style and ethnicity , prevents the proceedings from feeling repetitious , as does the appropriately brief 40-minute running time
of complacency
decent full-on space battle
of its own self-contained universe
An idealistic love story that brings out the latent 15-year-old romantic in everyone .
An imaginative comedy\/thriller .
An utterly compelling ` who wrote it ' in which the reputation of the most famous author who ever lived comes into question .
Analyze That really is n't all that bad
of intelligence and non-reactionary morality .
of laughs
hooting it 's praises , but it 's definitely worth taking a look
hope and magic
hope the movie is widely seen and debated with appropriate ferocity and thoughtfulness
A fresh , entertaining comedy that looks at relationships minus traditional gender roles .
A fresh , entertaining comedy
A fresh , entertaining comedy that
A forceful drama of an alienated executive who re-invents himself
A forceful drama of an alienated executive who re-invents himself .
A finely tuned mood piece , a model of menacing atmosphere .
A forceful drama
took chances and really asks you to take these great leaps of faith and pays off
topic
too suspiciously smooth
high-concept scenario
high time
high melodramatic style
an odd but ultimately satisfying blend
an irresistibly uncanny ambience that goes a long way toward keeping the picture compelling
an irresistibly uncanny ambience
an odd but ultimately satisfying blend of the sophomoric and the sublime
an oddly fascinating depiction
works its magic with such exuberance and passion that the film 's length becomes a part of its fun .
fires on all plasma conduits
fires the winning shot
as an occasionally insightful acting exercise .
as an intense political and psychological thriller
once you get through the accents , All or Nothing becomes an emotional , though still positive , wrench of a sit
A glib but bouncy bit of sixties-style slickness in which the hero might wind up
A glib but bouncy bit
A gift to anyone who loves both dance and cinema
A gift
A generous , inspiring film that unfolds with grace and humor and gradually becomes a testament to faith .
A generous , inspiring film that unfolds with grace and humor and gradually
is often as fun to watch as a good spaghetti western .
is often exquisite
is often quite rich and exciting
joyous life
the beauty and power of the opera reside primarily in the music itself
the beauty of baseball and
the beach
journey into a philosophical void
joy and pride
joyous celebration
joyous , turbulent self-discovery
joyous films that leaps over national boundaries and celebrates universal human nature .
joyous films that leaps over national boundaries and celebrates universal human nature
twist endings
it 's cliche to call the film ` refreshing , ' but it is . ` Drumline ' shows a level of young , Black manhood that is funny , touching , smart and complicated
it 's cliche to call the film ` refreshing , ' but it is . ` Drumline ' shows a level of young , Black manhood that is funny , touching , smart and complicated .
it 's cliche to call the film ` refreshing , ' but it is .
it 's cliche to call the film ` refreshing , ' but it is . `
it 's defiantly and delightfully against the grain
it 's energetic and satisfying if not deep and psychological .
as best it can
a transition is a common tenet in the world 's religions . This deeply spiritual film taps into the meaning and
a transition is a common tenet in the world 's religions . This deeply spiritual film taps into the meaning and consolation in afterlife communications
letting its imagery speak for it while it forces you to ponder anew what a movie can be .
let the earnestness of its execution and skill of its cast take you down a familiar road with a few twists .
lets you grasp and feel the passion others have for their work
, the production works more often than it does n't .
, the new thriller proves that director M . Night Shyamalan can weave an eerie spell and that Mel Gibson can gasp , shudder and even tremble without losing his machismo .
, the movie passes inspection
, the movie runs a good race
, the movie is in a class by itself
will definitely win some hearts
will likely
will be funny
will be a thoughtful , emotional movie experience
take the viewer inside the wave
live , but a fine little amuse-bouche to keep your appetite
live , but a fine little
uses her face and her body language to bring us Morvern 's soul
uses Grant 's own twist of acidity
loaded with good intentions
take pleasure
blessed with a searing lead performance by ryan gosling ( murder by numbers ) , the movie is powerful and
to be a compelling
to be a good match of the sensibilities of two directors
to be a hip-hop fan to appreciate Scratch
to be a sweet and enjoyable fantasy
to be as subtle and touching as The Son 's Room
is haunting ... ( It 's ) what punk rock music used to be , and what the video medium could use more of : spirit , perception , conviction .
with `` The Bourne Identity '' we return to the more traditional action genre .
literate
scary horror movie
emphasis
emphasizing
emotionally stirring
cool .
cool . Paul Bettany playing Malcolm McDowell ? Cool
convincing dialogue
cool , beautiful , thought-provoking foreign cinema
cool and crowd-pleasing as a documentary can get
cool presence
cool and
cool and crowd-pleasing
cool stuff
cool stuff packed into ESPN 's Ultimate X
It 's good to see Michael Caine whipping out the dirty words and punching people in the stomach again .
It 's funny and human and really pretty damned wonderful , all at once .
It 's funny , touching , dramatically forceful , and beautifully shot .
It 's fun , wispy , wise and surprisingly inoffensive for a film about a teen in love with his stepmom .
It 's fun , splashy and entertainingly nasty .
It 's full of cheesy dialogue , but great trashy fun that finally returns De Palma to his pulpy thrillers of the early '80s .
It 's definitely an improvement on the first Blade , since it does n't take itself so deadly seriously .
's far from a frothy piece
more dimensional and complex than its sunny disposition
more daring and surprising American movies
more daring and surprising
all the demographically appropriate comic buttons
retelling a historically significant , and personal , episode
The symbols float like butterflies and the spinning styx sting like bees . I wanted more .
The strength of the film lies in its two central performances by Sven Wollter as the stricken composer and Viveka Seldahl as his desperate violinist wife .
The strength of the film comes not from any cinematic razzle-dazzle but from its recovery of an historical episode that , in the simple telling , proves simultaneously harrowing and uplifting .
even Oliver Parker 's movie adaptation
euphoria
ethereal
ethereal beauty
Beautifully produced .
the need to stay in touch with your own skin , at 18 or 80
the artist as an endlessly inquisitive old man
the avant garde director of Broadway 's The Lion King and the film Titus
'll laugh for not quite and hour and a half ,
'll get a sock-you-in-the-eye flick that is a visual tour-de-force and a story that is unlike any you will likely see anywhere else .
'll get a sock-you-in-the-eye flick that is a visual tour-de-force and a story that is unlike any you will likely see anywhere else
the full price for a date
'll laugh for not quite and hour and a half , but
EEE for excitement .
EEE for excitement
Earnest , unsubtle and Hollywood-predictable , Green Dragon is still a deeply moving effort to put a human face on the travail of thousands of Vietnamese .
Burns 's strongest film
Burkinabe filmmaker Dani Kouyate 's reworking of a folk story whose roots go back to 7th-century oral traditions is also a pointed political allegory .
Burns 's strongest film since The Brothers McMullen
, triumphant ,
, transforms that reality into a lyrical and celebratory vision
that really , really , really good things can come in enormous packages
gaping enough to pilot
a real movie
a real howler
What results is the best performance from either in years .
What kids will discover is a new collectible .
What sets Ms. Birot 's film apart from others in the genre
manage to keep things interesting
LaBute masterfully balances both Traditional or Modern stories together in a manner that one never overwhelms the other . Something for everyone .
LaBute masterfully
Kwan is a master of shadow , quietude , and room noise , and Lan Yu is a disarmingly lived-in movie
Kwan is a master of shadow , quietude , and room noise , and
Kwan is a master of shadow , quietude , and room noise , and Lan Yu is a disarmingly lived-in movie .
LaBute 's careful handling makes the material seem genuine rather than pandering .
Qutting may be a flawed film , but it is nothing if not sincere
Quitting offers piercing domestic drama with spikes of sly humor .
Quitting hits home with disorienting force .
see what he could make with a decent budget
powerfully evocative mood
which all other Best Picture contenders should be measured
revitalize the British gangster movie
rewarding one
watching De Niro and Crystal having fun
it 's the equal of some of its predecessors
Downbeat , period-perfect biopic hammers home a heavy-handed moralistic message .
effectively translates Naipaul 's lively mix of characters from the page to screen .
effects , incandescent tones and stupendous performances
effective performances , and an increasingly unsettling sense of foreboding
effectively creepy
effective documentary
effective performances
edits around his screenplay 's sappier elements ... and sustains Off the Hook 's buildup with remarkable assuredness for a first-timer
like I have been waiting my whole life for this movie
long-range appeal
look at how another culture handles the process of courting and marriage
A confluence of kiddie entertainment , sophisticated wit and symbolic graphic design
awakening and ripening
awakening and
lighter
avoids most of the pitfalls you 'd expect in such a potentially sudsy set-up
light modern day family parable
how its makers actually seem to understand what made Allen 's romantic comedies so pertinent and enduring
light enough
like .
how families can offer either despair or consolation
A movie that 's held
Straightforward and old-fashioned
Straightforward and old-fashioned in the best possible senses of both those words
Straightforward and
Strangely comes off as a kingdom more mild than wild .
Straightforward and old-fashioned in the best possible senses of both those words , Possession is a movie that puts itself squarely in the service of the lovers who inhabit it .
very stylish but ultimately extremely silly
most impressive
very right
is small in scope , yet perfectly formed .
very sincere work
is smart and entirely charming
take ( its ) earnest errors and hard-won rewards over the bombastic self-glorification of other feel-good fiascos like Antwone Fisher or The Emperor 's Club any time
The Emperor 's Club any time
thematically instructive and thoroughly delightful
you believe the cast and crew thoroughly enjoyed themselves and believed in their small-budget film
you are watching them , and the slow parade of human frailty fascinates you
you ca n't forget it ,
you ca n't forget it
of fluctuating female sexuality
of fine performances , led by Josef Bierbichler as Brecht and Monica Bleibtreu as Helene Weigel , his wife
is smarter and subtler than ( Total Recall and Blade Runner ) , although its plot may prove too convoluted for fun-seeking summer audiences
if it is indeed a duty of art to reflect life , than Leigh has created a masterful piece of artistry right here .
tackling serious themes
if least
-- opera 's a pleasure when you do n't have to endure intermissions --
-- kids who read , kids who dream --
-- sometimes tender ,
jaw-dropping action sequences , striking villains , a gorgeous color palette , astounding technology , stirring music
the gifts of all involved , starting with Spielberg and going right through the ranks of the players -- on-camera and off -- that he brings together .
jaw-dropping action sequences , striking villains , a gorgeous color palette , astounding technology ,
jaw-dropping action sequences , striking villains , a gorgeous color palette , astounding technology
it still comes from Spielberg , who has never made anything that was n't at least watchable
jell into charm
jaw-dropping action sequences , striking villains , a gorgeous color palette , astounding technology , stirring music and
to bring happiness to their loved ones
They 're just a couple of cops in Copmovieland , these two , but in Narc , they find new routes through a familiar neighborhood .
adequate entertainment ,
Think of it as Gidget , only with muscles and a lot more smarts , but just as endearing and easy to watch
add up to a sufficient explanation of what the final dance work , the selection , became in its final form
worked
he can be wacky without clobbering the audience over the head and still maintain a sense of urgency and suspense
he can cross swords with the best of them and helm a more traditionally plotted popcorn thriller while surrendering little of his intellectual rigor or creative composure
precise
preciously interwoven
precious twinkle
an audacious return to form that can comfortably sit among Jean-Luc Godard 's finest work
precise and moving portrait
precise and moving
keeps it from seeming predictably formulaic
keeps the energy humming
keeps things going at a rapid pace , occasionally using an omniscient voice-over narrator in the manner of French New Wave films
keeps throwing fastballs
keeps us riveted with every painful nuance , unexpected flashes of dark comedy and the character 's gripping humanity
keeps us riveted with every painful nuance , unexpected flashes of dark comedy and the character 's gripping humanity .
kicks into gear
kid could bond while watching A Walk To Remember .
is one of the year 's best .
is one of the year 's best
is one of the rarest kinds of films : a family-oriented non-Disney film that is actually funny without hitting below the belt .
is one of the rarest kinds of films : a family-oriented non-Disney film that is actually funny without hitting below the belt
is one of those all-star reunions
is one of the year 's best films .
classy , sprightly spin
clean
cleaner
clean , kid-friendly outing
very distinctive
very different from our own and yet instantly recognizable
tell a simple story , perhaps the simplest story of all , in a way that seems compelling and even original
television screen
telling
an ease
its intelligence and
its intelligence and intensity
its insights into the dream world of teen life , and its electronic expression through cyber culture
its intelligence
its heart
of a valentine sealed with a kiss
shimmers with it
she is backed by a likable cast .
an ease in front of the camera
shimmeringly lovely coming-of-age portrait
Quitting will prove absorbing to American audiences
mostly believable , refreshingly low-key and quietly inspirational
... works on some levels and is certainly worth seeing at least once .
mostly believable ,
most wondrous
mostly believable , refreshingly low-key and quietly inspirational little sports
wifty Southern charm
wild surreal stuff
wifty Southern charm has anchored lighter affairs
portrays their cartoon counterparts well ... but quite
portrays their cartoon counterparts well ...
portrays their cartoon counterparts well
sizzle it is !
skilled
Godard has never made a more sheerly beautiful film than this unexpectedly moving meditation on love , history , memory , resistance and artistic transcendence .
Glory
Gives an intriguing twist to the French coming-of-age genre .
Gives an intriguing twist to the French coming-of-age genre
Gives an intriguing twist
Give credit to everyone from Robinson down to the key grip that this bold move works . Especially give credit to Affleck
Give credit to everyone from Robinson
Give credit to everyone
the movie is better than you might think .
carefully choreographed
career success
has a movie so closely matched the spirit of a man and his work
has a movie so closely matched the spirit of a man and his work .
has a terrific look
has a very human face
has a flair for dialogue comedy
has a huge heart
has a knack for picking roles that magnify her outrageous charm
has a well-deserved reputation as one of the cinema world 's great visual stylists
offers copious hints along the way -- myriad signs , if you will -- that beneath the familiar , funny surface is a far bigger , far more meaningful story than one in which little green men come to Earth for harvesting purposes
offers an unexpected window into the complexities of the Middle East struggle and into the humanity of its people
the cultural and economic subtext , bringing richer meaning to the story 's morals
the crisp clarity of a fall dawn
the crisp clarity
offers copious hints along the way -- myriad signs , if you will -- that beneath the familiar , funny surface is a far bigger , far more meaningful story than one in which little green men come to Earth for harvesting purposes .
the cruel earnestness of the victorious revolutionaries
knew how to spin a tale and one
offers flickering reminders of the ties that bind us
thoughtful dialogue
thoughtful , emotional
is much more into ambiguity and creating mood
is mesmerizing --
is miraculously able
keeps the film constantly taut ... reflecting the character 's instability with a metaphorical visual style and an unnerving , heartbeat-like score
is intensely personal and
is intensely personal and yet -- unlike Quills -- deftly
penetrating , potent exploration
peek at it through the fingers in front of your eyes
penetrating ,
penetrating , impenetrable
penetrating
movie '' is a sweet treasure and something well worth your time
movie '' is a sweet treasure and something well
If ( Jaglom 's ) latest effort is not the director at his most sparkling , some of its repartee is still worth hearing .
If Ayurveda can help us return to a sane regimen of eating , sleeping and stress-reducing contemplation , it is clearly a good thing .
Antwone Fisher certainly does the trick of making us care about its protagonist and celebrate his victories
Antwone Fisher certainly does the trick of making us care about its protagonist and celebrate his victories but , with few exceptions , it rarely stoops to cheap manipulation or corny conventions to do it .
The movie is n't always easy to look at . But if it is indeed a duty of art to reflect life , than Leigh has created a masterful piece of artistry right here .
The movie is full of fine performances , led by Josef Bierbichler as Brecht and Monica Bleibtreu as Helene Weigel , his wife .
The movie is beautiful to behold and engages one in a sense of epic struggle -- inner and outer -- that 's all too rare in Hollywood 's hastier productions .
The movie has lots of dancing and fabulous music . There are slow and repetitive parts , but it has just enough spice to keep it interesting .
The movie exists for its soccer action and its fine acting .
Secret Ballot is a comedy , both gentle and biting
with action that 's exciting on the field and a story you
with a variety of quirky characters and an engaging story
with a taste of tangy new humor
with a stellar performance
with ease and confidence
life
likability
released in IMAX format
Metropolis you hate to tear your eyes away from the images long enough to read the subtitles
It 's very Beavis and Butthead , yet always seems to elicit a chuckle .
It 's weird , wonderful , and not necessarily for kids .
It ai n't art , by a long shot , but unlike last year 's lame Musketeer , this Dumas adaptation entertains .
It all plays out ... like a high-end John Hughes comedy , a kind of Elder Bueller 's Time Out .
It asks nothing of the audience other than to sit back and enjoy a couple of great actors hamming it up .
of highly entertaining , self-aggrandizing , politically motivated documentary-making
that pleases almost everyone who sees it
Calvin Jr. 's Barbershop represents some sort of beacon of hope in the middle of Chicago 's South Side
old-fashioned values
old-fashioned in all the best possible ways
old-fashioned but emotionally stirring adventure tale
old-fashioned but emotionally stirring
amusing and cute
amusingly
amused
amusing , laugh-filled little gem
amuse and provoke adventurous adults in specialty venues
amuse and provoke adventurous adults in specialty venues .
ample
ample charms
to love .
amusingly contrived and outlandish
an Angel
What John does is heroic , but we do n't condone it , '' one of the film 's stars recently said , a tortuous comment that perfectly illustrates the picture 's moral schizophrenia .
What John does is heroic ,
What John does is heroic
A diverse and astonishingly articulate
dazzling , remarkably unpretentious
deserves to be considered as a possible successor to the best European directors
seen , constantly pulling the rug from underneath us , seeing things from new sides , plunging deeper , getting more intense
seen a film so willing to champion the fallibility of the human heart
and twisted characters
and sumptuous stream
and surehanded direction
and thought-provoking film
're gonna like this movie .
It 's fun
It 's fascinating to see how Bettany and McDowell play off each other .
It 's endearing to hear Madame D . refer to her husband as ` Jackie ' -- and he does make for excellent company , not least as a self-conscious performer .
It 's both a necessary political work and a fascinating documentary ...
It 's astonishing .
It 's as close as we 'll ever come to looking through a photographer 's viewfinder as he works .
It 's an example of sophisticated , challenging filmmaking that stands , despite its noticeable lack of emotional heft , in welcome contrast to the indulgent dead-end experimentation of the director 's previous Full Frontal .
It 's also the year 's sweetest movie
Binoche and Magimel are perfect in these roles .
Bille August does best
Biggie and Tupac is so single-mindedly daring
Biggie and Tupac is so single-mindedly daring , it puts far more polished documentaries to shame .
be transported into the life of Wladyslaw Szpilman , who is not only a pianist , but a good human being
be the most undeserving victim of critical overkill
be the most oddly honest Hollywood document of all
be the first major studio production shot on video tape instead of film
be the performances of their careers
be the movie you 're looking for
the benchmark against which all other Best Picture contenders should be measured
Montias ... pumps a lot of energy into his nicely nuanced narrative and surrounds himself with a cast of quirky -- but not stereotyped -- street characters .
perhaps the budget of Sommers 's title-bout features
performances of ( Jack Nicholson 's ) career
merely creates an outline for a role he still needs to grow into , a role that Ford effortlessly filled with authority .
the merits of fighting hard for something that really matters
a best selling novel
a big-budget ,
, sometimes beautiful adaptation
, sometimes funny
, somehow it all comes together to create a very compelling , sensitive , intelligent and almost cohesive piece of film entertainment
, soar
there is an accuracy of observation in the work of the director , Frank Novak , that keeps the film grounded in an undeniable social realism .
there 's no denying the fun of watching De Niro and Crystal having fun .
there 's no denying the potency of Miller 's strange , fleeting brew of hopeful perseverance and hopeless closure .
there 's hope for popular cinema yet
there are rich veins of funny stuff in this movie
there is a certain charm about the film that makes it a suitable entry into the fest circuit
the compassion , good-natured humor and
real natural , even-flowing tone
the compassion , good-natured humor
add beyond the dark visions already relayed by superb
add much-needed levity
addition to scoring high for originality of plot
add much-needed levity to the otherwise bleak tale
address his own World War II experience in his signature style
recreation to resonate
recreational drug
it also taps into the primal fears of young people trying to cope with the mysterious and brutal nature of adults
Cage makes an unusual but pleasantly haunting debut behind the camera .
it at least calls attention to a problem Hollywood too long has ignored
darned if it does n't also keep us riveted to our seats .
its emotional pull
its exacting author might admire
its excessive moral baggage thanks to two appealing lead performances
its exploration of the obstacles to happiness
a delightful romantic comedy with plenty
a delightful romantic comedy with plenty of bite
a delightful romantic comedy with plenty of bite .
a delightful romantic comedy with plenty of bite . It 's far from a frothy piece
a delightful romantic comedy with plenty of bite . It 's far from a frothy piece ,
a delightful romantic comedy with plenty of bite . It 's far from a frothy piece , and
a delightful romantic comedy with plenty of bite . It 's far from a frothy piece , and the characters are complex , laden with plenty of baggage and tinged with tragic undertones
a delightful romantic comedy with plenty of bite . It 's far from a frothy piece , and the characters are complex , laden with plenty of baggage and tinged with tragic undertones .
bubbles up out of John C . Walsh 's Pipe Dream is the distinct and very welcome sense of watching intelligent people making a movie
Jacquot preserves Tosca 's intoxicating ardor through his use of the camera .
a good film in '' Trouble
a good deal funnier than his original
a good deal funnier
a good laugh
a good indication of how serious-minded the film is
a good indication
, it 's only a matter of time before he gets the upper hand in matters of the heart .
a good line in charm
a good line
be relieved that his latest feature , R Xmas , marks a modest if encouraging return to form
be rewarded with some fine acting
be said for a studio-produced film that never bothers to hand viewers a suitcase full of easy answers
hopefully , sets the tone for a summer of good stuff
leave the screen sizzling with intrigue
leave both camps engaged in a ferocious debate for years to come
literate French comedy
a war tribute
a wacky and inspired little film
new or interesting
new kind
equal parts of innocence and wisdom
equivalent evangelical Christian movies
a real charmer
a real film
a real filmmaker
a real filmmaker 's eye
a real human soul
you might want to check it out
you love reading and\/or poetry
ambiguity to suggest possibilities which imbue the theme with added depth and resonance .
amazingly successful
ambiguous enough to be engaging and oddly moving
ambiguous enough to be engaging and
ambiguous enough to be engaging
ambitious film
ambitious comic escapade
The emotion is impressively true for being so hot-blooded , and
sweet , even delectable diversion
sweet , even delectable
sweet , charming tale
sweet , charming
The emotion is impressively true for being so hot-blooded , and both leads are up to the task
sophisticated , funny and good-natured treat
sophisticated , funny and good-natured
sweaty-palmed fun
The emotion is impressively true for being so hot-blooded , and both leads are up to the task .
promisingly
marvelous documentary touches -- ever so gracefully -- on the entire history of the Yiddish theater , both in America and Israel
marvelous documentary touches -- ever so gracefully -- on the entire history of the Yiddish theater , both in America and Israel .
marveled at Disney 's rendering of water , snow , flames and shadows
marveled at Disney 's rendering of water , snow , flames and shadows in a hand-drawn animated world
marveled
marvelous documentary touches
marvelous documentary touches -- ever so gracefully --
marveled at Disney 's rendering of water , snow , flames and shadows in a hand-drawn animated world .
marvelous Verdu
The enjoyable Undercover Brother ,
more complete than Indecent Proposal
more engaging on an emotional level , funnier , and on the whole less
more entertaining ,
more enjoyable than I expected
more fascinating than the results
The enjoyable Undercover Brother , a zany mix of Saturday Night Live-style parody , '70s Blaxploitation films and goofball action comedy gone wild
There 's none of the happily-ever - after spangle of Monsoon Wedding in Late Marriage -- and that 's part of what makes Dover Kosashvili 's outstanding feature debut so potent
There 's none of the happily-ever - after spangle of Monsoon Wedding in Late Marriage -- and that 's part of what makes Dover Kosashvili 's outstanding feature debut so potent .
goes easy on the reel\/real world dichotomy that ( Jaglom ) pursued with such enervating determination in Venice\/Venice .
it is also elevated by it -- the kind of movie that you enjoy more because you 're one of the lucky few who sought it out .
it is a good and ambitious film . And it marks him as one of the most interesting writer\/directors working today
it is a respectable sequel
it is an interesting exercise by talented writer\/director Anderson
something of a triumph
the most high-concept
something of a public service --
during sunset
each other against all odds
Girls Ca n't Swim represents an engaging and intimate first feature by a talented director to watch , and it 's a worthy entry in the French coming-of-age genre .
equally beautiful , self-satisfied 18-year-old mistress
Girls Ca n't Swim represents an engaging and intimate first feature by a talented director to watch
Girls Ca n't Swim represents an engaging and intimate first feature by a talented director to watch , and
Girls Ca n't Swim represents an engaging and intimate first feature by a talented director to watch , and it 's a worthy entry in the French coming-of-age genre
A delectable and intriguing thriller filled with surprises , Read My Lips is an original . This is a story of two misfits who do n't stand a chance alone , but
A crisp psychological drama
episodic pacing
A complex psychological drama
A crisp psychological drama ( and ) a fascinating little thriller that would have been perfect for an old '' Twilight Zone '' episode .
A crisp psychological drama ( and ) a fascinating little thriller that would have been perfect for an old '' Twilight Zone '' episode
A crisp psychological drama ( and )
equally assured
true-to-life characters
true to its source material
the one thing this Wild film has that other Imax films do n't : chimps , lots of chimps , all blown up to the size of a house .
Perhaps no picture ever made has more literally showed that the road to hell is paved with good intentions .
escapist fun
the always hilarious Meara and
maintaining the appearance of clinical objectivity
maintain a sense of urgency and suspense
mainstream Hollywood
that the film is never dull
with skill
with some ingenious plot devices and some lavishly built settings . .
with some serious sparkles
with some serious sparkles .
with some tasty boogaloo beats
with spellbinding imagery and the entrancing music of Philip Glass
Writer\/director Alexander Payne ( Election ) and his co-writer Jim Taylor brilliantly employ their quirky and fearless ability to look American angst in the eye and end up laughing .
and will , undoubtedly , leave both camps engaged in a ferocious debate for years to come .
and will appeal even to those who are n't too familiar with turntablism
and wickedly satisfying
and well-crafted
and warm performance
and wall-to-wall toe-tapping music to paint a picture of a subculture that is at once exhilarating , silly , perverse , hopeful and always fun
clarify , and comfort .
clarify , and comfort
classy
circles around her better known co-star , Mark Wahlberg
classy item
almost seems like a documentary in the way
almost never fails him
did just that and it 's what makes their project so interesting
devilishly witty script
hits close to home while engaging in such silliness as that snake-down-the-throat business and the inevitable shot of Schwarzenegger
hits close to home
loneliness and is n't afraid to provoke introspection in both its characters and its audience
Remarkably
Remarkably accessible and affecting .
the alchemical transmogrification of Wilde into Austen -- and
loneliness and is n't afraid to provoke introspection in both its characters and its audience .
technically sumptuous but also
technically sumptuous but
technically sumptuous but also almost wildly alive
're in luck
're in luck .
're looking for something new and hoping for something entertaining
his usual high melodramatic style
to capture the chaos of France in the 1790 's
this rich
this remarkable and memorable film
this retooled Machine is ultimately effective enough at achieving the modest , crowd-pleasing goals it sets for itself .
this quality band
this quality band may pick up new admirers
this rather convoluted journey worth taking
the oppressive , morally superior good-for-you quality that almost automatically accompanies didactic entertainment
breathtaking , awe-inspiring visual poetry
breathtaking adventure
breathtaking mystery
breathtakingly assured and stylish
breathtakingly assured and stylish work
to call for prevention rather than to place blame , making it one of the best war movies ever made
, Ice Age is consistently amusing and engrossing ...
, I found myself strangely moved by even the corniest and most hackneyed contrivances .
actually see it , unless you 're the kind of person who has seen every Wim Wenders film of the '70s
, I 'd take ( its ) earnest errors and hard-won rewards over the bombastic self-glorification of other feel-good fiascos like Antwone Fisher or The Emperor 's Club any time .
to bring something new into the mix
sad but endearing characters do extremely unconventional things
sparklingly inventive and artful , always fast and
sparklingly inventive and artful , always fast
sparklingly inventive and artful ,
forbidden love , racial tension , and other issues that are as valid today
forbidden love , racial tension , and other issues that are as valid today as they were in the 1950s
wrote a script that no human screenwriter could have hoped to match
clearer , more memorable
clear passion
much different from many a hollywood romance
much ado
much ado about something
much entertainment value
much fun
much entertainment
much interest
by a master
by a natural sense for what works
by a comically adept ensemble
by a rich visual clarity and deeply
by a set of heartfelt performances
these ambitions , laudable in themselves
has a good ear for dialogue , and the characters sound like real people .
has a good ear for dialogue , and the characters sound like real people
has a few cute ideas and several modest chuckles
has a handful of thrilling moments and a couple of good performances
is that rare animal known as ' a perfect family film , ' because it 's about family
is this love
is this love or
is this love or is it masochism ? binoche makes it interesting trying to find out .
connect in a neat way
connect and express their love
conniving wit
a warmth that is n't faked
a warm , fuzzy feeling
a warm , fuzzy feeling prevails
a warm , moving message
a warm and charming package
a warm and charming package that you 'll feel too happy to argue much
a warm and well-told tale
a warmth
on Madonna Street '' that 's a sly , amusing , laugh-filled little gem in which the ultimate '' Bellini '' begins to look like a '' real Kaputschnik
on a roller-coaster ride from innocence
on a roller-coaster ride from innocence to experience without even a hint of that typical kiddie-flick sentimentality
on a theme that will resonate with singles of many ages
on a truly grand scale
an obvious rapport with her actors and
an obvious rapport with her actors
an invaluable service
an irresistible , languid romanticism
an observant , unfussily poetic meditation
an object lesson in period filmmaking
20th-century footnotes
the music is simply sublime .
the music is simply sublime
With Danilo Donati 's witty designs and Dante Spinotti 's luscious cinematography , this might have made a decent children 's movie -- if only Benigni had n't insisted on casting himself in the title role .
as often imaginative
as one of the great submarine stories
as one of the all-time great apocalypse movies
Windtalkers blows this way and that , but there 's no mistaking the filmmaker in the tall grass , true to himself .
Windtalkers celebrates the human spirit and packs an emotional wallop .
With youthful high spirits
With youthful high spirits , Tautou remains captivating throughout Michele 's religious and romantic quests , and she is backed by a likable cast .
Without ever becoming didactic , director Carlos Carrera expertly weaves this novelistic story of entangled interrelationships and complex morality .
mighty
self-aware , often self-mocking , intelligence
constant fits of laughter
consolation in afterlife communications
hat
constrictive Eisenhower era
sweeping
sweeping battle scenes
anything ever , and easily the most watchable film of the year
swallow thanks to remarkable performances
swallow thanks to remarkable performances by Ferrera and Ontiveros
sustains it
sustains it beautifully
Mostly Martha could make Deutchland a popular destination for hungry tourists .
Mr . Allen has surpassed himself with the magic he 's spun with the Hollywood empress of Ms . Leoni 's Ellie .
anything Sandler
Americans to finally revel in its splendor
Amy 's career success
An acceptable way to pass a little over an hour with moviegoers ages
An acceptable way to pass a little over an hour with moviegoers ages 8-10 ,
fighting games , wire fu , horror movies , mystery , James Bond , wrestling , sci-fi and anime into one big bloody stew
fiery passion
fiercely intelligent and uncommonly ambitious
fiery
( p ) artnering murphy with robert de niro for the tv-cops comedy showtime
fighting hard for something that really matters
as adapted by kevin molony from simon leys ' novel '' the death of napoleon '' and directed by alan taylor , napoleon 's journey is interesting
a fine character study
a fine cast
a fine , old-fashioned-movie movie
a fine , focused piece of work that reopens an interesting controversy and never succumbs to sensationalism
a fine , old-fashioned-movie movie , which is to say it 's unburdened by pretensions to great artistic significance
a fine , old-fashioned-movie movie ,
a film you will never forget -- that you should never forget
a fine , focused piece of work
a fine , focused piece
's invigorating about it is that it does n't give a damn
's inoffensive and actually rather sweet
Has the rare capability to soothe and break your heart with a single stroke .
Has the rare capability to soothe and break your heart with a single stroke
Has its moments -- and almost as many subplots .
Has its moments -- and almost as many subplots
a kingdom
sexy slip
sexy razzle-dazzle
aspires to be more than another `` Best Man '' clone by weaving a theme throughout this funny film .
at Blockbuster
spoofs and celebrates
spoofs and celebrates the more outre aspects of ` black culture ' and the dorkier aspects of ` white culture , ' even as it points out how inseparable the two are .
transforms its wearer
transforms its wearer into a superman
treasures and even
treasures and even marvels
The fly-on-the-wall method used to document rural French school life is a refreshing departure from the now more prevalent technique of the docu-makers being a visible part of their work .
The filmmakers want nothing else than to show us a good time ,
The filmmakers want nothing else than to show us a good time
The film will play equally well on both the standard and giant screens .
The film sparkles with the the wisdom and humor of its subjects .
The fly-on-the-wall method
The filmmakers want nothing else than to show us a good time , and in their cheap , B movie way , they succeed .
The filmmakers want nothing else than to show us a good time , and in their cheap , B movie way , they succeed
The filmmakers want nothing else than to show us a good time , and
has crafted an engaging fantasy of flavours and emotions , one part romance novel , one part recipe book
has crafted an engaging fantasy of flavours and emotions , one part romance novel , one part recipe book .
has bucked the odds to emerge as an exquisite motion picture in its own right
has been written so well , that even a simple `` Goddammit !
has been written so well , that even a simple `` Goddammit ! ''
has been written so well , that even a simple `` Goddammit
has become the master of innuendo .
combustible mixture
admit it 's semi-amusing to watch Robert DeNiro belt out `` When you 're a Jet
admire it
colorfully wrapped up in his own idiosyncratic strain of kitschy goodwill .
new treasure
of a genre gem
of a genuine and singular artist
new swings
of a female friendship that is more complex and honest than anything represented in a Hollywood film
no idea who they were at our age ; and that time is a fleeting and precious commodity no matter how old you are
colorful and controversial
Just the labour involved in creating the layered richness of the imagery in this chiaroscuro of madness and light
Harris 's strong effort
'll definitely want the T-shirt .
the world they love and make
'll cheer
'll cheer .
That sure is funny
fairly straightforward
it avoids the obvious with humour and lightness
it also rocks .
it also has many of the things that made the first one charming .
It 's all arty and jazzy
safe as a children 's film
as ` Bartleby ' so effectively makes it
as a figurative port-of-call
as Hollywood action epics . Is this progress
as a sort of comfort food for the mind
as award-worthy
Some movies blend together as they become distant memories . Mention '' Solaris '' five years from now and I 'm sure those who saw it will have an opinion to share .
Sometimes is a brilliant movie . It is about irrational , unexplainable life and it seems so real because it does not attempt to filter out the complexity .
Festival
that deserves more than a passing twinkle
that did n't sell many records but helped change a nation
Featuring a dangerously seductive performance from the great Daniel Auteuil , '' Sade '' covers the same period as Kaufmann 's '' Quills '' with more unsettlingly realistic results .
Feature debuter D . J . Caruso directs a crack ensemble cast , bringing screenwriter Tony Gayton 's narcotics noir to life .
Featuring a dangerously seductive performance from the great Daniel Auteuil , '' Sade ''
Featuring a dangerously seductive performance
suspenseful cliché
suspenseful Argentinian thriller
sustain the buoyant energy level of the film 's city beginnings
sustain interest in his profession after the family tragedy
sustain the buoyant energy level of the film 's city beginnings into its country conclusion '
It 's the cinematic equivalent of a good page-turner , and even if it 's nonsense , its claws dig surprisingly deep
It 's traditional moviemaking all the way ,
It 's rare to find a film that dazzles the eye , challenges the brain , AND satisfies our lust for fast-paced action ,
It 's the cinematic equivalent of a good page-turner ,
It 's the cinematic equivalent of a good page-turner , and
It 's rare to find a film that dazzles the eye , challenges the brain , AND satisfies our lust for fast-paced action , but
It 's rare to find a film that dazzles the eye , challenges the brain , AND satisfies our lust for fast-paced action , but Minority Report delivers all that and a whole lot more
Big time
a glimmer of intelligence or invention
a glimmer
a give-me-an-Oscar kind
A must-see for the David Mamet enthusiast and for anyone who appreciates intelligent , stylish moviemaking
A no-holds-barred cinematic
A moving tale
A moving tale of love and destruction
A moving tale of love and destruction in unexpected places
A moving tale of love and destruction in unexpected places , unexamined lives .
and perception
works with Weaver 's sensitive reactions to make this a two-actor master class
works well and will appeal even to those who are n't too familiar with turntablism .
works with Weaver 's sensitive reactions to make this a two-actor master class .
works reasonably well as a star vehicle for Zhao .
works reasonably well as a star vehicle for Zhao
works well and will appeal even to those who are n't too familiar with turntablism
works well
worth checking out for the performances alone
oft-brilliant
camaraderie
who 's the scariest of sadists
has performed a difficult task indeed
trademark style and flash
great party
sparkling newcomer
the layered richness of the imagery in this chiaroscuro of madness and light
an often intense character study about fathers and sons , loyalty and duty
an often intense character study about fathers and sons , loyalty and duty .
an opportunity to embrace small , sweet ` Evelyn
an original that pleases almost everyone who sees it
an otherwise excellent film
an otherwise excellent film .
an otherwise excellent film . A powerful performance from Mel Gibson
Flavorful and romantic , you could call this How Martha Got Her Groove Back -- assuming , that is , she ever had one to begin with .
Fine acting
Fisher has bared his soul and confronted his own shortcomings here in a way
Fisher has bared his soul and confronted his own shortcomings here in a way ... that feels very human and very true to life .
Flavorful
Flavorful and romantic
her goats
add
mesmerised
merit its 103-minute length
the rhapsodic dialogue
the rhapsodic dialogue that jumps off the page , and for the memorable character creations
the results . Last Dance , whatever its flaws , fulfills one facet of its mission in making me want to find out whether , in this case , that 's true
the rich details
once again he has n't lost his touch , bringing off a superb performance in an admittedly middling film
once again that if the filmmakers just follow the books , they ca n't go wrong .
'' Mostly Martha '' is a bright , light modern day family parable that wears its heart on its sleeve for all to see .
has actually bothered to construct a real story this time
has actually bothered to construct a real story this time .
has a way of seeping into your consciousness ,
more than satisfy your appetite
more like it
more flashes of insight
most comprehensive
brought unexpected gravity
skillfully through the plot 's hot brine --
, cultivation and devotion
, cry and realize , ` It 's never too late to believe in your dreams . '
, credible compassion
, consistently funny . And educational !
, courage and dedication
, this Halloween is a gory slash-fest .
of the double-cross that made Mamet 's `` House of Games '' and last fall 's `` Heist '' so much fun
, this could be a passable date film .
already relayed by superb
also asks its audience -- in a heartwarming , nonjudgmental kind of way -- to consider what we value in our daily lives
also dealt with British children rediscovering the power of fantasy during wartime
Important
the Bedroom
mesmerizing performances
meshes in this elegant entertainment
memory , trust and loyalty
dynamite at the very end
, the six musical numbers crystallize key plot moments into minutely detailed wonders of dreamlike ecstasy .
, the subject matter is so fascinating that you wo n't care .
sketches
crypt
cult film
a sweet , charming tale
a suspenseful spin on standard horror flick formula
a surprisingly faithful remake
a suspenseful spin
a surprisingly faithful remake of its chilly predecessor
a sure hand
a supremely kittenish performance that gradually accumulates more layers
, funnier .
, for that matter , Shrek )
, fits the bill perfectly
The movie certainly has its share of clever moments and biting dialogue ,
The movie certainly has its share of clever moments and biting dialogue , but
What saves it ... and makes it
You 're never quite sure where self-promotion ends and the truth begins . But as you watch the movie , you 're too interested to care
, sometimes gross and surprisingly appealing animated film
You 'll laugh for not quite and hour and a half , but
rather unique approach
rattling the viewer
get weird ,
Intelligent and moving
Intimate and
Intelligent and moving .
A recent favourite at Sundance , this white-trash satire will inspire the affection of even those unlucky people who never owned a cassette of Def Leppard 's Pyromania .
A refreshingly authentic coming-of-age tale .
A rarity among recent Iranian films : It 's a comedy full of gentle humor that chides the absurdity of its protagonist 's plight .
A real story
A rarity
A rarity among recent Iranian films
A recent favourite
A recent favourite at Sundance , this white-trash satire
A real story about real people living their lives
A real story about real people living their lives concerned about the future of an elderly , mentally handicapped family member .
( Westbrook ) makes a wonderful subject for the camera .
( While The Last Metro ) was more melodramatic , confined to a single theater company and its strategies and deceptions , while Tavernier is more concerned with the entire period of history .
( Woo 's ) most resonant film since The Killer .
original treatment
originated
wryly subversive tone
a modest pleasure
a modest pleasure that
a modest pleasure that accomplishes its goals with ease and confidence
a modest pleasure that accomplishes its goals with ease and confidence .
a modern motion picture
Grant 's ) bumbling magic takes over the film
stands a good chance of being the big
star Bruce Willis
We know the plot 's a little crazy , but it held my interest from start to finish .
We need ( Moore 's ) noisy , cocky energy , his passion and class consciousness ; we need his shticks , we need his stones .
filmmakers Anne de Marcken and Marilyn Freeman did just that and it 's what makes their project so interesting
We can see the wheels turning , and we might resent it sometimes , but this is still a nice little picture , made by bright and friendly souls with a lot of good cheer .
filmmaker who has secrets buried at the heart of his story and knows how to take time revealing them .
filmmaker who has secrets buried at the heart of his story and knows how to take time revealing them . Strange occurrences
We root for ( Clara and Paul ) , even like them , though perhaps it 's an emotion closer to pity .
filming the teeming life on the reefs , making this gorgeous film a must for everyone from junior scientists to grown-up fish lovers
those staggeringly well-produced
the legendary wit 's
that perfectly captures the wonders and worries of childhood
that possesses all the good intentions in the world , but
It 's not just a feel-good movie , it 's a feel movie .
well-observed and disturbing little movie
well-known
well-crafted
well-observed
well-known narrative gamesmanship
well worth the time
well shot and very tragic , and one to ponder after the credits roll
well-acted tale
well-acted , and finely directed
another cool crime movie
Goldie Hawn
as happiness was
as fun
Such master screenwriting comes courtesy of John Pogue , the Yale grad who previously gave us `` The Skulls '' and last year 's `` Rollerball .
is one of the best-sustained ideas I have ever seen on the screen .
is one of the best-sustained ideas I have ever seen on the screen
makes you realize that deep inside righteousness can be found a tough beauty
making a film that is n't nearly as graphic but much more powerful , brutally shocking and difficult to watch
making '' Die Another Day '' one of the most entertaining Bonds in years
a dedicated and good-hearted professionalism
a connoisseur of psychological horror
a compelling story
a close look at people they do n't really want to know
a crazy work of disturbed genius or merely 90 minutes of post-adolescent Electra rebellion
a deftly wrought suspense yarn
` what 's the russian word for wow ! ? '
look at that clever angle !
look at that clever angle
look at teenage boys doing what they do best - being teenagers .
challenges its audience
challenge-hungry moviegoers
certainly should n't hurt
exists for its soccer action and its fine acting .
exists for its soccer action and its fine acting
expect light romantic comedy
This documentary is a dazzling , remarkably unpretentious reminder of what ( Evans ) had , lost , and got back .
This familiar rise-and-fall tale is long on glamour and short on larger moralistic consequences , though it 's told with sharp ears and eyes for the tenor of the times .
This comic gem is as delightful as it is derivative .
and shot with a syncopated style mimicking the work of his subjects
and sensitivity
and riveting film performances
and sincere
of comedic bliss
of color , music , and dance that only the most practiced curmudgeon could fail to crack a smile at
to a great humanitarian and her vibrant ` co-stars . '
to Rohmer , now 82 , to find a way to bend current technique to the service of a vision of the past that is faithful to both architectural glories and commanding open spaces of the city as it was more than two centuries ago
to a great humanitarian and her vibrant ` co-stars
to Have
to Hornby 's drop-dead confessional tone
to Oscar-winning potential with a smooth sleight of hand
as well-written as Sexy Beast , not as gloriously flippant as Lock , Stock and Two Smoking Barrels , but stylish and moody and exceptionally well-acted .
as well-written as Sexy Beast , not as gloriously flippant as Lock , Stock and Two Smoking Barrels , but stylish and moody and exceptionally well-acted
as well-written as Sexy Beast , not as gloriously flippant as Lock , Stock and Two Smoking Barrels , but stylish and moody and
as well-written as Sexy Beast , not as gloriously flippant as Lock , Stock and Two Smoking Barrels , but stylish and moody
a couple hours of summertime
it 's a well-written and occasionally challenging social drama that actually has something interesting to say
it 's a tribute to the actress , and to her inventive director , that the journey is such a mesmerizing one
it 's also a -- dare I say it twice -- delightfully charming -- and totally American , I might add -- slice of comedic bliss .
it 's almost impossible not to be swept away by the sheer beauty of his images .
it 's about a very human one
it 's also probably the most good-hearted yet sensual entertainment I 'm likely to see all year
it 's also pretty funny
to bowling you over
Passionate , irrational , long-suffering but cruel as a tarantula , Helga figures prominently in this movie , and helps keep the proceedings as funny for grown-ups as for rugrats .
Passionate
walked away from this new version of E . T . just as I hoped I would -- with moist eyes
grandness
grandstanding , emotional , Rocky-like
grandstanding , emotional , Rocky-like moments
instant camp classic
, amusing and unpredictable
, although flawed , is to be commended for its straight-ahead approach to creepiness
by Ryan Gosling
inspired by the tumultuous surroundings of Los Angeles
inspiring accomplished portrayals
inspiring efforts
goose things up
goofy , life-affirming moments
to see Samira Makhmalbaf as a very distinctive sensibility , working to develop her own film language with conspicuous success
touching because it 's realistic about all kinds of love
plumbs personal tragedy and also the human comedy .
to say that it does n't follow the stale , standard , connect-the-dots storyline which has become commonplace in movies that explore the seamy underbelly of the criminal world
which director Michael Cacoyannis displays with somber earnestness in the new adaptation of The Cherry Orchard
getting a more mature body
gets too cloying thanks to the actors ' perfect comic timing and sweet , genuine chemistry .
gets too cloying thanks to the actors ' perfect comic timing and sweet , genuine chemistry
gets to you . Just like Igby .
right-thinking ' films
how inseparable the two are
of the Holy Land and its inhabitants
through its otherwise comic narrative
thrives on its taut performances and creepy atmosphere
thrills the eye
a spirited film and
recommend that everyone see this movie -- for its historical significance alone .
a splendid job of racial profiling Hollywood style -- casting excellent Latin actors of all ages --
with impeccable comic timing , raffish charm and piercing intellect
worthy
intriguing subject
introspective and
An overly familiar scenario is made fresh by an intelligent screenplay and gripping performances in this low-budget , video-shot , debut indie effort .
that Williams has truly inhabited a character
she-cute
ate a Reeses
Tom Shadyac 's film kicks off spookily enough
Tom Shadyac has learned a bit more craft since directing Adams ,
Tom Shadyac has learned a bit more craft since directing Adams
from a sharper , cleaner script
fall 's
from `` promising ''
from `` promising
from a talent as outstanding as director Bruce McCulloch
is wondrously creative
where few american films dare to delve
is wondrously creative .
transforms that reality into a lyrical and celebratory vision
transcends the boy-meets-girl posturing of typical love stories
transcends the boy-meets-girl posturing of typical love stories .
transcends ethnic lines
on the delicious pulpiness of its lurid fiction
on the button
on the brink of major changes
proves once again he has n't lost his touch , bringing off a superb performance in an admittedly middling film .
propelled by the acting
mainly because Blanchett and Ribisi compellingly tap into a spiritual aspect of their characters ' suffering
with its celeb-strewn backdrop well used
There 's no doubting that this is a highly ambitious and personal project for Egoyan , but
There 's no doubting that this is a highly ambitious and personal project for Egoyan ,
There 's no doubting that this is a highly ambitious and personal project for Egoyan
There 's no denying that Burns is a filmmaker with a bright future ahead of him .
There 's much tongue in cheek in the film and there 's no doubt the filmmaker is having fun with it all .
There 's much tongue in cheek in the film and there 's no doubt the filmmaker is having fun with it all
genuine romance
destined to fill the after-school slot at shopping mall theaters across the country .
despite the gravity of its subject matter , is often as fun to watch as a good spaghetti western .
detailed historical document
bigoted views
forceful drama
But not without cheesy fun factor .
But on the whole , you 're gonna like this movie .
But once the falcon arrives in the skies above Manhattan , the adventure is on red alert .
to fully endear itself to American art house audiences
to get inside you and stay there for a couple of hours
than Leigh has created a masterful piece of artistry right here
whole hours
gates
gasping at its visual delights
futuristic thriller-noir
is a triumph of gentility that earns its moments of pathos
is a triumph of gentility that earns its moments of pathos .
is a thought-provoking , haunting film that allows the seeds of the imagination to germinate .
is a treasure in and of itself
is a testament of quiet endurance , of common concern , of reconciled survival
is a testament of quiet endurance , of common concern , of reconciled survival .
is a sweet and modest and ultimately winning story
is a sweet and modest and ultimately winning story .
is a verbal duel between two gifted performers
is a verbal duel between two gifted performers .
A sweet-tempered comedy that forgoes
A sweet-tempered comedy
A sweet , tender sermon about a 12-year-old Welsh boy more curious about God than girls , who learns that believing in something does matter .
A sweet , tender sermon about a 12-year-old Welsh boy more curious about God than girls , who learns that believing in something does matter
A tasty appetizer that leaves you wanting more .
A sweet-tempered comedy that forgoes the knee-jerk misogyny that passes for humor in so many teenage comedies .
A sweet-tempered comedy that forgoes the knee-jerk misogyny that passes for humor in so many teenage comedies
A tasty slice of droll whimsy
A tasty slice
A tender and touching drama
turns in a pretty convincing performance as a prissy teenage girl
every single scene
Sand 's masculine persona , with its love of life and beauty , takes form
Sand 's masculine persona , with its love of life and beauty
Sand 's masculine persona
earthy
earns extra points by acting as if it were n't
easily become a cold , calculated exercise in postmodern pastiche winds up a powerful and deeply moving example of melodramatic moviemaking
easy film
sharp comic timing
sharp comic timing that makes the more hackneyed elements of the film easier to digest
share his impressions of life and loss and time and art with us
sharp as the original
shamelessly enjoyed it
Occasionally funny , always very colorful and
Occasionally funny , always very colorful
Occasionally funny , always very colorful and enjoyably overblown in the traditional Almodóvar style .
Occasionally funny , always very colorful and enjoyably overblown in the traditional Almodóvar style
Oddly compelling
Less the sensational true-crime hell-jaunt purists might like and more experimental in its storytelling ( though no less horrifying for it ) .
Letterman with a clinical eye
I for one enjoyed the thrill of the chill
I feel better already .
I enjoyed .
I had more fun watching Spy than I had with most of the big summer movies .
I found it weirdly appealing
I have always appreciated a smartly written motion picture
for the stunning star turn by Djeinaba Diop Gai
the popularity of Vin Diesel , Seth Green and Barry Pepper .
the populace that made A Walk to Remember a niche hit
make for persuasive viewing
big , gorgeous , sprawling swashbuckler
a good sign
a good performance
a good human being
a good human
a good film
a generous cast ,
to overcome his personal obstacles and become a good man
a good-hearted ensemble
a good-hearted
Some of the visual flourishes are a little too obvious , but restrained and subtle storytelling , and fine performances make this delicate coming-of-age tale a treat .
Sometimes charming , sometimes infuriating , this Argentinean ` dramedy ' succeeds mainly on the shoulders of its actors .
Sometimes charming , sometimes infuriating
to narrative filmmaking with a visually masterful work of quiet power
cast , bringing screenwriter Tony Gayton 's narcotics noir to life
Sacre bleu ! '
It 's a treat -- a delightful , witty , improbable romantic comedy with a zippy jazzy score
It 's a sly wink to The Others without becoming a postmodern joke , made creepy by its `` men in a sardine can '' warped logic .
It 's a smart , solid , kinetically-charged spy flick worthy of a couple hours of summertime and a bucket of popcorn .
as a detailed personal portrait and as a rather frightening examination of modern times
as a detailed personal portrait
as a director Washington demands and receives excellent performances
you 'd have a 90-minute , four-star movie
the utter cuteness of Stuart and Margolo . Their computer-animated faces are very expressive
that gives the film its bittersweet bite
the insightful writer\/director responsible
the insightful writer\/director
the utmost subtlety and perception
something rare and riveting :
big box office bucks
big heart
There is no substitute for on-screen chemistry , and
adore
hugely enjoyable
adore the star
how pertinent its dynamics remain
adventures
surprising winner
There is never really a true '' us '' versus '' them ''
surreal dubbing ( featuring the voices of Glenn Close , Regis Philbin and Breckin Meyer )
There is little question that this is a serious work by an important director who has something new to say about how , in the flip-flop of courtship , we often reel in when we should be playing out .
tries to balance sweetness with coarseness ,
true story ''
treat a subject
tries to balance sweetness with coarseness
something special
is much more eye-catching than its blood-drenched Stephen Norrington-directed predecessor
value or merit
values the original comic books
value choices
hawn and sarandon form an acting bond that makes the banger sisters a fascinating character study with laughs to spare
is a happy throwback to the time when cartoons were cinema 's most idiosyncratic form instead of one of its most predictable
is a happy throwback to the time when cartoons were cinema 's most idiosyncratic form instead of one of its most predictable .
is a heart-wrenching showcase indeed
is a kickass , dense sci-fi action thriller hybrid that delivers
is a kind of attentive concern that Hoffman brings to his characters , as if he has been giving them private lessons
is a little closer to human nature than what Hollywood typically concocts
is a little more visually polished , a little funnier , and a little more madcap
is a marvel of reality versus sappy sentiment
dexterous as it is at times imaginatively overwhelming .
catch the pitch of his poetics , savor the pleasure of his sounds and images ,
catch the pitch of his poetics , savor the pleasure of his sounds and images , and
catch the pitch of his poetics , savor the pleasure of his sounds and images
catching for Griffiths ' warm and winning central performance
catch the pitch of his poetics , savor the pleasure of his sounds and images , and ponder the historical , philosophical , and ethical issues that intersect with them
catch this IMAX offering
Australian director John Polson , making his American feature debut
As a revenge thriller , the movie is serviceable , but
Baran is n't the most transporting or gripping film from Iran -- or , indeed , by its director -- but it 's a worthy companion to the many fine , focused films emerging from that most surprising of nations
manages , with terrific flair , to keep the extremes of screwball farce and blood-curdling family intensity on one continuum .
manages a neat trick
manages , with terrific flair ,
the expected hoops with style and even some depth
the era is recreated with obvious affection , scored to perfection with some tasty boogaloo beats
the era is recreated with obvious affection , scored to perfection with some tasty boogaloo beats .
sexiness
a wacky and inspired little film that works effortlessly at delivering genuine , acerbic laughs
self-interest
impeccable comic skill
impart a message
impart a message without bludgeoning the audience over the head
impair your ability to ever again maintain a straight face while speaking to a highway patrolman .
impair your ability to ever again maintain a straight face while speaking to a highway patrolman
art form
deliver remarkable performances .
deliver remarkable performances
delights for adults as there are for children and dog lovers
delights for adults
delightfully unpredictable , hilarious comedy
deliver a few gut-busting laughs
deliver a fair bit of vampire fun
the characters sound like real people
uses modern technology to take the viewer inside the wave .
uses modern technology to take the viewer inside the wave
moving , portraying both the turmoil of the time and
high comedy to evoke surprising poignance
the film works - mostly due to its superior cast of characters .
the film works in spite of it
the film with his effortless performance and that trademark grin of his -- so perfect for a ballplayer
the filmmaker 's lifelong concern with formalist experimentation in cinematic art
the film works well enough to make it worth watching
is refreshingly undogmatic about its characters .
percolating
percolating magic
girl entry
perfection
giggly
gigantic proportions
gimmicky
a respectable summer blockbuster
a reminder of the power of film to move us and to make us examine our values
a reminder of the power of film
a reminder of how they used to make movies , but also how they sometimes still can be made .
a reminder of how they used to make movies , but also how they sometimes still can be made
a remarkable gift for storytelling
recommending it ,
executed action sequence to the next .
A witty , whimsical feature debut .
A winning piece of work filled with love for the movies of the 1960s .
A witty , trenchant ,
A winning piece
A winning piece of work
A witty , whimsical feature
A witty , whimsical feature debut
truths
a sweetly
a sweetly affecting story about four sisters who are coping , in one way or another , with life 's endgame .
a sweetly affecting story about four sisters who are coping , in one way or another , with life
a surprisingly sensitive script co-written
attached to their lives , full of strength , warmth and vitality .
, structure and rhythms
authentic
, sprightly spin
, still offers a great deal of insight into the female condition and the timeless danger of emotions repressed .
, standard Disney animated fare , with enough creative energy and wit to entertain all ages .
there 's guilty fun to be had here .
there 's no scene that screams `` bathroom break
moving , portraying both the turmoil of the time
you come to believe that Nachtwey hates the wars he shows and empathizes with the victims he reveals .
Narc takes a walking-dead , cop-flick subgenre and beats new life into it .
Naomi Watts is terrific as Rachel ; her petite frame and vulnerable persona emphasising her plight and isolation .
Narc is a no-bull throwback to 1970s action films .
Narc is a no-bull throwback to 1970s action films . It zips along with B-movie verve while adding the rich details and go-for-broke acting that heralds something special .
Invigorating , surreal , and resonant with a rainbow of emotion
funny even for adults
Inventive , fun , intoxicatingly sexy , violent , self-indulgent and maddening
Inventive , fun ,
Invigorating , surreal , and resonant with a rainbow
little more dramatic
fun-for-fun 's - sake communal spirit goes to the essence of Broadway
one of those rare docs that paints a grand picture of an era and makes the journey feel like a party
funnier than anything
one of those films that possesses all the good intentions in the world , but
funny , `` dead circus performer '' funny
one of those rare remakes
to always make it look easy , even though the reality is anything but
of rich detail condensed
of road movie , coming-of-age story and political satire
of sand to the fierce grandeur of its sweeping battle scenes
a delightfully quirky movie to be made from curling
like its parade of predecessors , this halloween is a gory slash-fest . it ca n't escape its past , and it does n't want to
enough substance in the story to actually give them life
enough sweet and
enough sweet and traditional romantic comedy to counter the crudity
enough throwaway references to faith and rainbows to plant smile-button faces on that segment of the populace that made A Walk to Remember a niche hit
enough to let you bask in your own cleverness as you figure it out
enough to make even Jean-Claude Van Damme look good
enough to watch Huppert scheming , with her small , intelligent eyes as steady as any noir villain , and to enjoy the perfectly pitched web of tension that Chabrol spins
courtroom trial great fun
Flat , but with a revelatory performance
Flat , but with a revelatory performance by Michelle Williams
Fifty years after the fact , the world 's political situation seems little different , and ( director Phillip ) Noyce brings out the allegory with remarkable skill .
Filmmakers who can deftly change moods
Film aficionados can not help but love Cinema Paradiso , whether the original version or new Director 's Cut . '
Filmmakers who can deftly change moods are treasures and even marvels .
Finally , the French-produced `` Read My Lips '' is a movie that understands characters must come first .
documentary to disregard available bias
England 's Roger Mitchell , who handily makes the move from pleasing
dictums
'' astounds .
'' certainly is n't dull .
While Scorsese 's bold images and generally smart casting ensure that `` Gangs '' is never lethargic
While Undisputed is n't exactly a high , it is a gripping , tidy little movie that takes Mr. Hill higher than he 's been in a while .
While not as aggressively impressive as its American counterpart , `` In the Bedroom , '' Moretti 's film makes its own , quieter observations
the brawn , but not
There 's an admirable rigor to Jimmy 's relentless anger , and to the script 's refusal of a happy ending , but
There 's an admirable rigor to Jimmy 's relentless anger , and to the script 's refusal of a happy ending
why it works
why it works as well as it does
A directorial tour de force by Bernard Rose , ivans
A dream cast of solid female talent who build a seamless ensemble .
reproduce the special spark between the characters that made the first film such a delight
represent totally exemplify middle-of-the-road mainstream
represents some sort of beacon of hope in the middle of Chicago 's South Side
without sham the raw-nerved story
without sacrificing the integrity of the opera
without resorting to camp as Nicholas ' wounded and wounding Uncle Ralph . It 's a great performance and a reminder of Dickens ' grandeur
without the precedent of Yiddish theater , whose jolly , fun-for-fun 's - sake communal spirit goes to the essence of Broadway .
without the balm of right-thinking ideology , either liberal or conservative . Mr . Scorsese 's bravery and integrity in advancing this vision can hardly be underestimated
Pretty good little movie .
Pretty good little movie
Prepare to marvel again
Probes in a light-hearted way the romantic problems of individuals
Probes in a light-hearted way the romantic problems
Probes in a light-hearted way the romantic problems of individuals for whom the yearning for passion spells discontent .
Probes in a light-hearted way the romantic problems of individuals for whom the yearning for passion spells discontent
without the vulgarity and
keep you wide awake and ...
its recovery of an historical episode that , in the simple telling , proves simultaneously harrowing and uplifting
Over the years , Hollywood has crafted a solid formula for successful animated movies , and Ice Age only improves on it , with terrific computer graphics , inventive action sequences and a droll sense of humor .
Ozpetek avoids most of the pitfalls you 'd expect in such a potentially sudsy set-up
rare and lightly entertaining
storytelling skills
Spy is still fun and enjoyable and so aggressively silly that it 's more than a worthwhile effort .
Spy Kids 2 also happens to be that rarity among sequels : It actually improves upon the original hit movie
Spy Kids 2 also happens to be that rarity among sequels : It actually improves upon the original hit movie .
Spy Kids 2 also happens to be that rarity among sequels
Spy Kids 2 also happens to be that rarity among sequels :
Splendidly
Splendidly illustrates the ability of the human spirit to overcome adversity .
with a better script
with a batch of appealing characters
with a bright future ahead of him
with a big heart
to the truly good stuff
: The Widowmaker is derivative , overlong , and bombastic -- yet surprisingly entertaining .
; a film that deftly balances action and reflection as it lets you grasp and feel the passion others have for their work .
: Land Beyond Time is an enjoyable Big Movie primarily because Australia is a weirdly beautiful place .
8 million charmer , which may not be cutting-edge indie filmmaking but has a huge heart
90-minute , four-star movie
of the Austin Powers films
are well worth revisiting as many times as possible
are woven together skilfully
are until the film is well under way -- and yet it 's hard to stop watching
are vividly and painfully brought to slovenly life in this self-deprecating , biting and witty feature written by Charlie Kaufman and his twin brother , Donald , and directed by Spike Jonze
are vividly and painfully brought to slovenly life in this self-deprecating , biting and witty feature written by Charlie Kaufman and his twin brother , Donald , and directed by Spike Jonze .
should enjoy
trust an audience 's intelligence
the personal and the political
the huge stuff in life can usually be traced back to the little things
will either have you loving what you 're seeing , or rolling your eyes .
than corruscating commentary
its luckiest viewers
strainingly cute
strainingly cute film
will find millions of eager fans
is full of fine performances , led by Josef Bierbichler as Brecht and Monica Bleibtreu as Helene Weigel , his wife
is fresh and unselfconscious
You may leave the theater with more questions than answers , but darned if your toes wo n't still be tapping .
is faithful to both architectural glories and commanding open spaces of the city as it was more than two centuries ago
You feel good
You may be captivated , as I was , by its moods , and by its subtly transformed star , and still wonder why Paul Thomas Anderson ever had the inclination to make the most sincere and artful movie in which Adam Sandler will probably ever appear .
heavyweights Joel Silver and Robert Zemeckis agreed to produce this
heavyweights Joel Silver and Robert Zemeckis
hefty helping
the true impact of the day
most compelling performance
most complex , generous and subversive artworks
most brilliant
most brilliant and brutal
most brilliant and brutal UK crime film
most brilliant work
runs on equal parts of innocence and wisdom
running , sweating , mopping his face and generally displaying the wacky talent that brought him fame in the first place
of delightful hand shadows
of disturbed genius
of dramatic fireworks
to be going for this time
to be having a wonderful time
in waiting to hear how John Malkovich 's reedy consigliere will pronounce his next line
in which a sultry evening or a beer-fueled afternoon in the sun can inspire even the most retiring heart to venture forth
with only the odd enjoyably chewy lump
uninhibited
as ` Wayne
as The Monster horns
one of its strengths .
one of its strengths . Entirely appropriately
one of its strengths . Entirely appropriately ,
one of its strengths . Entirely appropriately , the tale unfolds like a lazy summer afternoon and concludes with the crisp clarity of a fall dawn
one of Shakespeare 's better known tragedies
manages to convince almost everyone that it was put on the screen , just for them
manage to hit all of its marks
one of its strengths
manages to convince almost everyone that it was put on the screen , just for them .
one of the all-time great apocalypse movies
of his most daring , and complicated , performances
of his characters . He watches them as they float within the seas of their personalities .
The pleasure of Read My Lips is like seeing a series of perfect black pearls clicking together to form a string . We 're drawn in by the dark luster .
The pleasure of Read My Lips is like seeing a series of perfect black pearls clicking together to form a string .
The picture runs a mere 84 minutes , but it 's no glance . It 's a head-turner -- thoughtfully written , beautifully read and , finally , deeply humanizing .
The pleasure
The picture runs a mere 84 minutes , but it 's no glance .
Fathers and sons , and the uneasy bonds between them , rarely have received such a sophisticated and unsentimental treatment on the big screen as they do in this marvelous film .
Fathers and sons , and the uneasy bonds between them
Feardotcom 's thrills
innocent and well-meaning
insight and honesty
from the exoticism of its seas of sand to the fierce grandeur of its sweeping battle scenes
insightful , Oscar-nominated documentary
insightful
from the now more prevalent technique of the docu-makers being a visible part of their work
relaxed in its perfect quiet pace and proud in its message .
relies less on forced air than on Petter Næss ' delicate , clever direction ... and a wonderful , imaginative script by Axel Hellstenius .
relies less on forced air than on Petter Næss ' delicate , clever direction ... and a wonderful , imaginative script by Axel Hellstenius
relies less on forced air than on Petter Næss ' delicate , clever direction ... and a wonderful , imaginative script
the movie occasionally threatens to become didactic , but it 's too grounded in the reality of its characters to go over the edge . a touch of humor or an unexpected plot twist always pulls it back
the movie occasionally threatens to become didactic , but it 's too grounded in the reality of its characters to go over the edge . a touch of humor or an unexpected plot twist always pulls it back .
Birthday Girl walks a tricky tightrope between being wickedly funny and just plain wicked .
Bisset
very well-meaning
very well-acted
Bill Plympton , the animation master
Birthday Girl does n't try to surprise us with plot twists , but rather seems to enjoy its own transparency .
Birthday Girl is the kind of quirkily appealing minor movie she might not make for a while
Bill Plympton , the animation master ,
characteristically engorged
of one man 's quest to be president
characteristic style
It does give a taste of the Burning Man ethos , an appealing blend of counter-cultural idealism and hedonistic creativity .
It celebrates the group 's playful spark of nonconformity , glancing vividly back at what Hibiscus grandly called his ` angels of light . '
It challenges , this nervy oddity , like modern art should .
It 's usually a bad sign when directors abandon their scripts and go where the moment takes them , but Olympia , Wash . , based filmmakers Anne de Marcken and Marilyn Freeman did just that and it 's what makes their project so interesting .
It 's witty and inventive , too ,
It 's witty and inventive , too , and
It also shows how deeply felt emotions can draw people together across the walls that might otherwise separate them .
movie love
stripped almost entirely of such tools as nudity , profanity and violence
structured less as a documentary and more as a found relic
the Russian word for Wow !? '
the story and the more contemporary , naturalistic tone
will find it more than capable of rewarding them .
will find it more than capable of rewarding them
falls into a soothing formula of brotherly conflict and reconciliation .
will enjoy seeing how both evolve
Most of the things that made the original Men in Black such a pleasure are still there .
Most of the things that made the original Men in Black such a pleasure
Morvern Callar confirms Lynne Ramsay as an important , original talent in international cinema .
Most consumers of lo mein and General Tso 's chicken barely give a thought to the folks who prepare and deliver it , so , hopefully , this film will attach a human face to all those little steaming cartons .
Morton deserves an Oscar nomination .
will engage anyone with a passing interest in the skate\/surf culture , the L . A . beach scene and the imaginative ( and sometimes illegal ) ways kids can make a playground out of the refuse of adults
will do so in a way that does n't make you feel like a sucker
rightly
it is more than merely a Holocaust movie
could n't have done any better in bringing the story of Spider-Man to the big screen
could n't be better as a cruel but weirdly likable WASP matron
could have used a little trimming -- 10 or 15 minutes could be cut and no one would notice -- but it 's a pleasurable trifle . The only pain you 'll feel as the credits roll is your stomach grumbling for some tasty grub .
could have used a little trimming -- 10 or 15 minutes could be cut and no one would notice -- but it 's a pleasurable trifle . The only pain you 'll feel as the credits roll is your stomach grumbling for some tasty grub
could n't have done any better in bringing the story of Spider-Man to the big screen .
It 's mostly a pleasure to watch . And the reason for that is a self-aware , often self-mocking , intelligence .
It 's never dull and always looks good .
It 's mostly a pleasure to watch .
It 's mostly a pleasure to watch . And
It 's mostly a pleasure to watch . And the reason for that is a self-aware , often self-mocking , intelligence
It 's mildly entertaining , especially if you find comfort in familiarity .
It 's mildly entertaining , especially if you find comfort in familiarity . But
it is instructive
, tragedy , bravery , political intrigue , partisans and sabotage
, uninhibited
that it makes complex politics understandable to viewers looking for nothing but energetic entertainment
that hits often enough to keep the film entertaining even if none of it makes a lick of sense
that is both unflinching and tantalizing
that is just breathtaking
that it 's hard to know what to praise first
entrepreneurial zeal
Every individual will see the movie through the prism of his or her own beliefs and prejudices , but the one thing most will take away is the sense that peace is possible
'' succeeds due to its rapid-fire delivery and enough inspired levity that it ca n't be dismissed as mindless .
'' remains a disquieting and thought-provoking film ...
'' rise above its heart-on-its-sleeve writing
'' wanted and quite honestly
got dropped from their record label , proving that one man 's ruin may be another 's fortune .
gorgeously shot and beautifully
gorgeous imagery
gorgeous imagery , effective performances , and an increasingly unsettling sense of foreboding
gosh , will you be shocked .
's something with potential
's something with potential here
Robin Williams , Death to Smoochy
provides a strong itch to explore more .
be a great piece of filmmaking
be a good match of the sensibilities of two directors
unforgettable visual panache
be a sweet and enjoyable fantasy
be a straightforward bio
play fine
play Hannibal Lecter
the story ... is inspiring , ironic , and revelatory of just how ridiculous and money-oriented the record industry really is
the story ... is inspiring , ironic , and revelatory of just how ridiculous and money-oriented the record industry really is . it
it 's the only way to bring happiness to their loved ones
it 's still pretty tasty .
it 's realistic about all kinds of love
it 's rarely been told with such affecting grace and cultural specificity .
it 's still a worthy addition to the growing canon of post-Saving Private Ryan tributes to the greatest generation .
it 's refreshing to see a cartoon that knows what it is , and knows the form 's history .
it 's perfect . It 's also the year 's sweetest movie .
it 's rarely been told with such affecting grace and cultural specificity
again , I hate myself most mornings . I still like Moonlight Mile , better judgment be damned
again dazzle and delight us
afterlife
a smart comedy would come along to rescue me from a summer of teen-driven , toilet-humor codswallop
a smart comedy
a smart , romantic drama that dares to depict the French Revolution from the aristocrats ' perspective
grounded
groundbreaking
grows
thinking over and over again , '
a compelling argument about death
a compelling dramatic means of addressing a complex situation
a commanding screen presence
a companionable couple
a company of strictly A-list players
slickly
slick piece
slickly staged
a compelling investigation
a compelling investigation of faith versus intellect
sensational , real-life 19th-Century crime
will want to check out
will shock many with its unblinking frankness
will reach far beyond its core demographic .
likeable personalities , inventive photography and cutting , and wall-to-wall toe-tapping music to paint a picture of a subculture that is at once exhilarating , silly , perverse , hopeful and always fun .
likeable personalities , inventive photography and cutting , and wall-to-wall toe-tapping music to paint a picture of a subculture that is at once exhilarating , silly , perverse , hopeful and always fun
liked its heart and its spirit
like them , though perhaps it 's an emotion closer to pity
a rustic , realistic , and altogether creepy tale
a rustic , realistic , and altogether creepy tale of hidden invasion
a romance this smart
is done to support the premise other than fling gags at it to see which ones shtick
sparkles in its deft portrait of tinseltown 's seasoned veterans of gossip , wealth , paranoia , and celebrityhood .
sparkles in its deft portrait of tinseltown 's seasoned veterans of gossip , wealth , paranoia , and celebrityhood
special
A sly dissection
A showcase for both the scenic splendor of the mountains and for legendary actor Michel Serrault , the film
A showcase
A showcase for both the scenic splendor of the mountains and for legendary actor Michel Serrault , the film is less successful on other levels .
A sincere
A potentially good comic premise and
A potentially good comic premise
the film 's almost anthropologically detailed realization
the film 's almost anthropologically detailed realization of early - '80s suburbia
the film 's striking ending
the film firmly above the level of other coming-of-age films
shines in Unfaithful .
unsung heroes
is phenomenal , especially the women .
is phenomenal , especially the women
is perfectly creepy and believable .
is perfectly creepy and believable
is pleasant enough
that presents an audacious tour of the past and takes within its warm
gripping
might just be the movie you 're looking for .
his films
maggie gyllenhaal is a delight
does this so well
texture and realism
these women 's
of ` We Were Soldiers
than on Petter Næss ' delicate , clever direction ... and a wonderful , imaginative script
these women 's souls right open
too long to turn his movie in an unexpected direction
well-directed and , for all its moodiness ,
its occasional charms
its occasional charms are not to be dismissed .
its one good idea
its one-joke premise
its opening
succeeds with its dark , delicate treatment of these characters and its unerring respect for them .
successful adaptation
succeeds mainly on the shoulders of its actors .
succeeds with its dark , delicate treatment of these characters and its unerring respect for them
succeeds mainly
succeeds in entertaining ,
succeeds in entertaining , despite playing out like a feature-length sitcom replete with stereotypical familial quandaries
successful animated movies
successful on other levels
well-balanced fashion
heartfelt , mesmerizing King Lear
heartfelt and achingly real
heartening in the same way
heartening in the same way that each season marks a new start
heartbreakingly beautiful
The piquant story
heartfelt concern
well-detailed
a polished , sophisticated entertainment that is in love with its own cleverness
is its personable , amusing cast .
Jagger , Stoppard and director Michael Apted ... deliver a riveting and surprisingly romantic ride .
does n't just make the most out of its characters ' flaws but
does n't just make the most out of its characters ' flaws
does n't pummel us with phony imagery or music
on its visual merits .
harmless and mildly amusing family
on invisible , nearly psychic nuances , leaping into digressions of memory and desire
on its own self-referential hot air , but on the inspired performance of Tim Allen
own languorous charm
own skin to be proud of her Rubenesque physique
is its personable , amusing cast
and that shading is what makes it worthwhile .
and that 's what makes it irresistible .
and that essential feature -- a decent full-on space battle
and that they know their roles so well
iconic characters
iconic characters gambol fluidly through the story , with charming results .
iconic
his American wife\/colleague ,
his ability to depict them with outrageous elan
suspenseful
surprisingly enjoyable
surreal enough to be diverting
a good Bond movie , which still makes it much better than your typical Bond knock-offs
a good job here of working against her natural likability
a glossy , glib charm that 's hard to beat
a good Bond movie
a genre movie that delivers -- in a couple of genres , no less .
a glossy , glib charm
the spectacle of Gere in his dancing shoes
the spotlight
a good old fashion romance and someone
a good old fashion romance and someone who shamelessly loves to eat , then Mostly Martha
the brain is engaged
George Ratliff 's documentary , Hell House , reflects their earnestness -- which makes for a terrifying film
spare wildlife
spaghetti
soul-stirring
Not the kind of film that will appeal to a mainstream American audience , but there is a certain charm about the film that makes it a suitable entry into the fest circuit
Not since Tom Cruise in Risky Business has an actor made such a strong impression in his underwear .
to make a big splash
Not the kind of film that will appeal to a mainstream American audience , but there is a certain charm about the film that makes it a suitable entry into the fest circuit .
to make a classic theater piece
steeped in an ambiguity that lends its conflicts a symbolic resonance
to make a big splash .
given a part worthy of her considerable talents
the physically spectacular
the philosophical musings of the dialogue jar against the tawdry soap opera antics of the film 's action in a way that is surprisingly enjoyable .
the physically spectacular qualities of the film
the physically spectacular qualities
, it 's still a rollicking good time for the most part
, it 's the best sequel since The Empire Strikes Back ... a majestic achievement , an epic of astonishing grandeur and surprising emotional depth .
the philosophical musings of the dialogue jar against the tawdry soap opera antics of the film 's action in a way that is surprisingly enjoyable
, it 's still a good yarn -- which is nothing to sneeze at these days .
, it 's a work of enthralling drama
, it 's alarmingly current .
, it 's an eye-opener .
, it 's energetic and satisfying if not deep and psychological .
bloody beauty as vivid
bloody beauty
dearly-loved
, Godfrey Reggio 's career shines like a lonely beacon .
, Haynes ( like Sirk , but differently ) has transformed the rhetoric of Hollywood melodrama into something provocative , rich , and strange .
tempt those willing to probe its inscrutable mysteries
for kids , Spirit
for more . It does n't reach them , but the effort is gratefully received
like a decent endeavor
tearing into a landmark role
winner
tell its story
directs the entire film with the kind of detachment that makes any given frame look like a family 's custom-made Christmas card .
disarming , and just outright enjoyable
directs and edits around his screenplay 's sappier elements ... and sustains Off the Hook 's buildup with remarkable assuredness for a first-timer
directs and edits around his screenplay 's sappier elements ... and sustains Off the Hook 's buildup with remarkable assuredness for a first-timer .
disco Bollywood that , by the end of Monsoon Wedding , sent my spirit soaring out of the theater
with '' The Bourne Identity '' we return to the more traditional action genre
tossed out the window with the intelligent French drama that deftly explores the difficult relationship between a father and son
touch anyone regardless of their familiarity
win
A sensual performance from Abbass buoys the flimsy story , but her inner journey is largely unexplored and we 're left wondering about this exotic-looking woman whose emotional depths are only hinted at .
Béart and Berling are both superb , while Huppert ... is magnificent .
Byler is too savvy a filmmaker to let this morph into a typical romantic triangle .
By the end of it all I sort of loved the people onscreen , even though I could not stand them .
Laissez-passer has all the earmarks of French cinema at its best .
Lan Yu is a genuine love story , full of traditional layers of awakening and ripening and separation and recovery .
Lan Yu seems altogether too slight to be called any kind of masterpiece . It is , however , a completely honest , open-hearted film that should appeal to anyone willing to succumb to it .
've been an exhilarating exploration of an odd love triangle
've been patched in from an episode of Miami Vice
's the chemistry between the women and the droll scene-stealing wit and wolfish pessimism of Anna Chancellor that makes this '' Two Weddings and a Funeral '' fun .
's the kind of pigeonhole-resisting romp that Hollywood too rarely provides .
the action , the wallpaper of his chosen reality . Here , thankfully
so honest
draw people together
crafty
crafty , energetic and smart
crafted here a worldly-wise and very funny script
crafted picture
the strength and sense of freedom the Iranian people already possess , with or without access to the ballot box
Angel
Andy Garcia enjoys one of his richest roles in years and Mick Jagger gives his best movie performance since , well , Performance .
Andy Garcia enjoys one of his richest roles in years
Andrew Niccol 's brilliant anti-Hollywood satire ,
Andrew Niccol 's brilliant anti-Hollywood satire
a spark of life to it -- more than you can say for plenty of movies that flow through the Hollywood pipeline without a hitch
a sparkling newcomer
a sort of geriatric Dirty Harry , which will please Eastwood 's loyal fans -- and suits the story , wherein our hero must ride roughshod over incompetent cops to get his man
a soul and
a soul and an unabashed sense of good old-fashioned escapism
a sparkling newcomer who instantly transform themselves into a believable mother\/daughter pair
aimed mainly at little kids but with plenty of entertainment value to keep grown-ups from squirming in their seats .
aimed mainly at little kids but with plenty of entertainment value to keep grown-ups from squirming in their seats
aimed mainly at little kids but with plenty of entertainment value
an exhilarating place to visit , this laboratory of laughter
an experience that is richer than anticipated
an exciting , clever story with a batch of appealing characters
an exercise in gorgeous visuals
of the utmost subtlety and perception
an expert thriller
of the theater
of the theater feeling
this is a serious work by an important director who has something new to say about how , in the flip-flop of courtship , we often reel in when we should be playing out
satisfyingly unsettling ride
satisfyingly unsettling
satisfying summer
satisfy every moviegoer 's appetite
satisfying than the teary-eyed original
satisfying summer blockbuster
satisfyingly odd and intriguing
satisfyingly
satisfyingly odd and intriguing a tale as it was a century and a half ago
satisfyingly odd and intriguing a tale
It never fails to engage us .
It provides an honest look at a community striving to anchor itself in new grounds .
It is far from the worst , thanks to the topical issues it raises , the performances of Stewart and Hardy , and that essential feature -- a decent full-on space battle .
of an authentic feel
of an allegedly inspiring and easily marketable flick
of an alternative lifestyle
` love thyself '
` they do n't make 'em like that anymore ' department
very capable
stirring experience that finds warmth in the coldest environment and makes each crumb of emotional comfort
Juwanna Mann
to which it succeeds
the humanizing of one woman
top form
top-billed star Bruce Willis
top-notch cast
Villeneuve creates in Maelstrom a world where the bizarre is credible and the real turns magical .
Victor Rosa is Leguizamo 's best movie work so far , a subtle and richly internalized performance .
Vibrantly colored and beautifully designed
Vibrantly colored and beautifully designed , Metropolis is a feast for the eyes .
's so striking about Jolie 's performance
's so simple and precise that anything discordant would topple the balance
the most ravaging ,
actor Michel Serrault
actor Raymond J . Barry is perfectly creepy and believable .
proves himself a deft pace master and stylist .
A sterling film
the humor and intelligence
The first shocking thing about Sorority Boys is that it 's actually watchable .
The fourth `` Pokemon '' is a diverting -- if predictable -- adventure suitable for a matinee , with a message that cautions children about disturbing the world 's delicate ecological balance .
's a glorious spectacle like those D.W. Griffith made in the early days of silent film .
The gorgeously elaborate continuation of `` The Lord of the Rings '' trilogy
The gorgeously elaborate continuation
what you wish for
what you do see thriller , coupled with some arresting effects , incandescent tones and stupendous performances
Watching Beanie and his gang put together his slasher video from spare parts and borrowed materials is as much fun as it must have been for them to make it .
balances both Traditional or Modern stories together in a manner that one never overwhelms the other
balances both Traditional or Modern stories together in a manner
balances both Traditional or Modern stories together
still charming
set it apart from other Deep South stories
could young romantics out on a date
courageousness
Director Ferzan Ozpetek creates an interesting dynamic with the members of this group , who live in the same apartment building .
Director Ferzan Ozpetek creates an interesting dynamic with the members of this group , who live in the same apartment building . But
that everlasting conundrum experienced by every human who ever lived : too much to do , too little time to do it in
The movie achieves as great an impact by keeping these thoughts hidden as
The movie 's relatively simple plot and uncomplicated morality play well with the affable cast .
The most compelling Wiseman epic of recent years .
The most compelling Wiseman epic of recent years
The most compelling Wiseman epic
The movie has an infectious exuberance that will engage anyone with a passing interest in the skate\/surf culture , the L . A . beach scene and the imaginative ( and sometimes illegal ) ways kids can make a playground out of the refuse of adults .
The movie does a good job of laying out some of the major issues that we encounter as we journey through life .
his life , his dignity and his music
beloved kids '
beloved
beloved kids ' books
makes a joke a joke
makes a strong case for the importance of the musicians in creating the Motown sound
make it unforgettable
makes a strong case for the importance of the musicians in creating the Motown sound .
making it rousing , invigorating fun lacking any MTV puffery
often-hilarious farce
of Happy
often-hilarious
High Art
oftentimes funny , yet
oftentimes funny ,
oftentimes funny , yet ultimately cowardly autocritique
. Scott Baio is turning in some delightful work on indie projects .
Red Dragon rates as an exceptional thriller .
Recoing 's bizzarre reaction to his unemployment . Good film , but very glum
Recoing 's bizzarre reaction to his unemployment . Good film , but very
Recoing 's bizzarre reaction to his unemployment . Good film ,
the top actors working in independent film
is , in its quiet
intrepid hero
intricate connections
intricate plot
pretty cool
lets the pictures do the punching
shows a level of young , Black manhood that is funny , touching , smart and complicated .
shows how deeply felt emotions can draw people together across the walls that might otherwise separate them .
terrific effort
is were it not for the striking , quietly vulnerable personality of Ms . Ambrose
is well worth seeing
is visually smart , cleverly written
is worth a look for its true-to-life characters , its sensitive acting , its unadorned view of rural life and the subtle direction of first-timer Hilary Birmingham
is worth a look for its true-to-life characters , its sensitive acting , its unadorned view of rural life and the subtle direction of first-timer Hilary Birmingham .
a redeeming moment
genuine acting
that provides a rounded and revealing overview of this ancient holistic healing system
that proves you
very stylish and beautifully photographed , but far more
very stylish and beautifully photographed ,
very stylish and beautifully photographed , but
One Hour Photo is an intriguing snapshot of one man and his delusions ;
On the surface , it 's a lovers-on-the-run crime flick , but
Often moving and explores the discomfort inherent in the contacts between the American ` hosts ' and their ` guests
Often moving and explores the discomfort inherent in the contacts between the American ` hosts ' and their ` guests .
Often moving and
One Hour Photo is an intriguing snapshot of one man and his delusions ; it 's just too bad it does n't have more flashes of insight
new favorite musical
new energy
's rare
demonstrates a wry understanding of the quirks of fame . His healthy sense of satire is light and fun ...
wonderful time
opportunity to be truly revelatory about his psyche
opens today
opens today in the New York metropolitan area
opportunity to strongly present some profound social commentary
Writer\/director John McKay ignites some charming chemistry between Kate and Jed but
Writer\/director John McKay ignites some charming chemistry between Kate and Jed
Program
Proof that a thriller can be sleekly shot , expertly cast , paced with crisp professionalism ...
Proof that a thriller can be sleekly shot , expertly cast , paced with crisp professionalism
Proof that a thriller can be sleekly shot , expertly cast , paced with crisp professionalism ... and still
Proof that a thriller can be sleekly shot , expertly cast , paced with crisp professionalism ... and
're definitely convinced that these women are spectacular
to his people
diverse
diverse cultures
Clockstoppers will fulfill your wildest fantasies about being a different kind of time traveler , while happily killing 94 minutes .
Clooney 's a good director .
Clooney fans or adventure buffs
Collateral
with the American Dream
hip-hop fan to appreciate Scratch
more fun than Conan the Barbarian
comic voice
Children , Christian or otherwise , deserve to hear the full story of Jonah 's despair -- in all its agonizing , Catch-22 glory -- even if they spend years trying to comprehend it .
Cherish '
Chicago make the transition from stage to screen with considerable appeal intact
become very involved
, inspirational drama
, insight and humor
, intelligent , and humanly funny film .
, intelligent eyes
told fairly well
the rollicking dark humor
for a documentary -- just not this one
the rollicking dark humor so necessary
a head-turner
a head-turner -- thoughtfully written ,
a head-turner -- thoughtfully written
a head-turner -- thoughtfully written , beautifully read and , finally , deeply humanizing
a heartfelt romance
a heart and reality that buoy the film , and at times , elevate it to a superior crime movie
a heartfelt romance for teenagers
the excellent performances
the ethereal beauty of an Asian landscape painting
the eyes of a character who , in spite of tragic loss and increasing decrepitude , knows in his bones that he is one of the luckiest men alive
the exoticism of its seas of sand to the fierce grandeur of its sweeping battle scenes
that has to be seen to be believed
that gradually and artfully draws us into a world where the personal and the political get
that gets even better in hindsight , as you mull over its every nuance in your mind
that for the first time he 'll probably appeal more to guys than to their girlfriends who drag them to this movie for the Hugh factor
that feels very human and very true to life .
that ignites this gripping tale
that he hardly seems to be acting .
Costner 's
Insomnia does not become one of those rare remakes to eclipse the original , but
Insomnia does not become one of those rare remakes to eclipse the original , but it does n't disgrace it , either
One senses
Jim Brown
It may be about drug dealers , kidnapping , and unsavory folks , but the tone and pacing are shockingly intimate
It looks closely , insightfully at fragile , complex relationships .
It manages to squeeze by on Angelina Jolie 's surprising flair for self-deprecating comedy .
It may also be the best sex comedy about environmental pollution ever made .
more interesting , less symmetrical , less obviously cross-shaped
more incredible
more interesting
more importantly , character empathy --
a trove of delights
a trove
a true talent
a true
a truly larger-than-life character
a true talent for drawing wrenching performances from his actors ( improvised over many months ) and for conveying the way tiny acts of kindness make ordinary life survivable
an earnest , by-the-numbers effort by Washington
an easily accessible way
of fascinating issues
of fame . His healthy sense of satire is light and fun
of film that makes me miss Hitchcock , but also
of fascinating performances
of filmmaking with an assurance worthy of international acclaim
really do a great job of anchoring the characters in the emotional realities of middle age .
really funny
really funny movie
really adorable Italian guys .
While the production details are lavish
While the material is slight , the movie is better than you might think .
While some of the camera work is interesting
While it may not add up to the sum of its parts , Holofcener 's film offers just enough insight to keep it from being simpleminded , and the ensemble cast is engaging enough to keep you from shifting in your chair too often .
seduce and
see Mendes and company getting together before a single frame had been shot and collectively vowing , ` This is going to be something really good . '
see Samira Makhmalbaf as a very distinctive sensibility , working to develop her own film language with conspicuous success
deadpan comic face
a high time
As blunt as it is in depicting child abuse , El Bola is a movie steeped in an ambiguity that lends its conflicts a symbolic resonance .
's pretty enjoyable
, it contains Jesse Ventura 's best work since the XFL .
's potentially just as rewarding
Howard 's appreciation of Brown and his writing is clearly well-meaning and sincere
reminds you that the key to stand-up is to always make it look easy , even though the reality is anything but .
backstage must-see
reminiscent of 1992 's Unforgiven which also utilized the scintillating force of its actors to draw out the menace of its sparse dialogue .
Hard , endearing , caring ,
told a nice little story in the process
together with efficiency and an affection for the period
together with a supremely kittenish performance that gradually accumulates more layers
told , with superb performances throughout
told with competence
the best play of the 19th century .
writer-director Douglas McGrath 's even-toned direction
played for maximum moisture
of a thriller gets the job done . It 's a scorcher .
of a thriller gets the job done .
One of the best movies of the year .
under the direction of Spielberg , who does a convincing impersonation here of a director enjoying himself immensely
the more daring and surprising American movies of the year
the more daring and surprising American movies
the mood is laid back
the mood for an intelligent weepy
that 's the mark of a documentary that works
Its sheer dynamism is infectious .
Jackson and co have brought back the value and respect for the term epic cinema .
the best of the Disney comedies
is a hoot , and is just as good , if not better than much of what 's on Saturday morning TV especially the pseudo-educational stuff we all ca n't stand
is a hoot , and is just as good , if not better than much of what 's on Saturday morning TV especially the pseudo-educational stuff we all ca n't stand .
is a likable story , told with competence
is a hilarious place to visit
is a hoot
is a hoot ,
is a hoot , and
is a likable story , told with competence .
is romantic comedy boilerplate from start to finish
the best in recent memory
Not a film for the faint of heart or conservative of spirit , but for the rest of us -- especially San Francisco lovers --
giving it humor and poignancy
gives this coming-of-age story restraint as well as warmth .
gives us a hero whose suffering and triumphs we can share
is realistic and greatly moving .
is rigid and evasive in ways that Soderbergh 's best films , `` Erin Brockovich , '' `` Out of Sight '' and `` Ocean 's Eleven , ''
is riveting .
is a compelling piece that demonstrates just how well children can be trained to live out and carry on their parents ' anguish
is a film far superior to its predecessor
is a delight
is a fine-looking film with a bouncy score and a clutch of lively songs for deft punctuation
The last scenes of the film are anguished , bitter and truthful .
The innate theatrics that provide its thrills and extreme emotions
glad
The leads are natural and lovely , the pace is serene , the humor wry and sprightly .
glad you went along for the ride
the rich and sudden wisdom ,
's obviously struck a responsive chord with many South Koreans ,
's merely
lively and engaging examination
Sandra Nettelbeck beautifully orchestrates the transformation of the chilly , neurotic , and self-absorbed Martha as her heart begins to open .
done it this time
Scores a few points for doing what it does with a dedicated and good-hearted professionalism .
combined with stunning animation
S1M0NE 's satire is not subtle , but it is effective
the intelligent romantic comedy
of visual poetry that will , hopefully , be remembered as one of the most important stories to be told in Australia 's film history
of visual poetry that will , hopefully , be remembered as one of the most important stories to be told in Australia 's film history .
, sweet and romantic
of warmth and humor
such affecting grace and
sufficiently
arousing good time
arousing
aroused by the discord between old and new cultures
aroused
artfully camouflaged as everyday activities .
artfully camouflaged as everyday activities
an important movie , or even a good one
of e . t . just as i hoped i would -- with moist eyes
Rohmer fashions the sort of delicate , articulate character - and - relationship study he 's favored for decades .
radiant , grimly purposeful
was , by its moods , and by its subtly
was , by its moods , and by its subtly transformed star
Alan Taylor ,
laying out some of the major issues that we encounter as we journey through life
learn a good deal
learn a lot about dying coral
, masterful
, marvelously twisted shapes history
, lushly photographed and beautifully recorded .
, marked by acute writing and a host of splendid performances .
, look no further than this 20th anniversary edition of the film that Spielberg calls
, love .
, love , duty and friendship
composed of snappy patter and pseudo-sophisticated cultural observations
clever caper movie
clever plot contrivances
close its characters ' emotional wounds
help but engage
hearts
, but it jumps through the expected hoops with style and even some depth .
, but it held my interest from start to finish .
, but it has just enough spice to keep it interesting .
, but it has clearly been made with affection and care .
help but engage an audience
's moving
this silly , outrageous , ingenious thriller
this slick and sprightly CGI feature
a bizarre curiosity memorable
a bit of thematic meat on the bones of Queen of the Damned
of this grandiloquent quartet lolling in pretty Irish settings
of the year 's most intriguing movie experiences
a better movie experience
a better lot
a best-foreign-film Oscar
lovingly rendered coffee table book
lovingly rendered
loves them to pieces
loves them
mysterious personality
mystic
an engaging story
an engaging
an aspiring writer 's coming-of-age
an eventual cult classic
an engaging story that keeps you guessing at almost every turn
an eventual cult classic would be an understatement
any viewer , young or old ,
any working class community
An elegant work , Food of Love
An elegant work , Food of Love is as consistently engaging as it is revealing .
An elegant work
An elegant work ,
An ebullient Tunisian film about the startling transformation of a tradition-bound widow who is drawn into the exotic world of belly dancing
An ebullient Tunisian film about the startling transformation of a tradition-bound widow who is drawn into the exotic world of belly dancing .
to have their kids
to head off in its own direction
of new inspiration in it
of moviemaking , one of the best actors , directors and producers
of movie that gives
counterparts well
unexpectedly sweet
unexpectedly sweet story
gets onto the screen just about as much of the novella as one could reasonably expect ,
gets onto the screen just about as much of the novella as one could reasonably expect
gets great laughs , but never at the expense of its characters
gets terrific performances
gets onto the screen just about as much of the novella as one could reasonably expect , and is engrossing and moving in its own right .
gets onto the screen just about as much of the novella as one could reasonably expect , and
gets the details right , from its promenade of barely clad bodies in Myrtle Beach , S . C . , to the adrenaline jolt of a sudden lunch rush at the diner
well-acted , weirdly retro thriller that recalls a raft of '60s and '70s European-set spy pictures
entertaining period drama ... both Caine and Fraser have their moments .
cope with the mysterious and brutal nature of adults
coolness
playing a college football fight song
they are pitted against shimmering cinematography that lends the setting the ethereal beauty of an Asian landscape painting .
to anyone looking for something different
to be having so much fun with the slapstick antics and silly street patois
to feel-good , follow-your-dream Hollywood fantasies
to add up to mesmerize you
to a crystalline point
Zoom !
This is n't a stand up and cheer flick ; it 's a sit down and ponder affair .
This is n't my favorite in the series , still I enjoyed it enough to recommend
This is n't a stand up and cheer flick ; it 's a sit down and ponder affair
very goofy museum exhibit
very good comedic songs
very good acting
very good .
very good ( but not great )
you have to admit it 's semi-amusing to watch Robert DeNiro belt out `` When you 're a Jet
to become a major-league leading lady , ( but )
to behold in its sparkling beauty
to become a household name on the basis of his first starring vehicle
Makes the case for a strong education and good teachers being more valuable in the way they help increase an average student 's self-esteem , and not strictly in the knowledge imparted .
Majidi shoe-loving
Makes one thing abundantly clear .
Makes one thing abundantly clear . American musical comedy as we know it would n't exist without the precedent of Yiddish theater , whose jolly , fun-for-fun 's - sake communal spirit goes to the essence of Broadway .
some phenomenal performances
's incredible the number of stories
's incredible the number of stories the Holocaust has generated
but still manages to be kind of heartwarming , nonetheless .
another of subtle humour from Bebe Neuwirth
to make an impact in the theater world
Chelsea Walls deserves a medal
One regards Reign of Fire with awe .
One of those unassuming films that sneaks up on you and stays with you long after you have left the theatre .
One of the best rock documentaries ever .
One of the best rock
One of those unassuming films that sneaks up on you and stays with you long after you have left the theatre
the stomach-knotting suspense of a legal thriller
such a strong impression
welcome and heartwarming addition
suits the story , wherein our hero must ride roughshod over incompetent cops to get his man
sixties ' rockumentary milestones
And it marks him as one of the most interesting writer\/directors working today .
sixties-style slickness in which the hero might wind up
sixties-style slickness
in his right mind
P.T. Anderson understands the grandness of romance and how love is the great equalizer that can calm us of our daily ills and bring out joys in our lives that we never knew were possible .
the book or the beloved film
Do n't Ask still finds a few chuckles
the bones of Queen of the Damned
he provides a strong itch to explore more
he has actually bothered to construct a real story this time .
he has at least one more story to tell : his own .
he has been able to share his story so compellingly with us is a minor miracle
he is always sympathetic
he is an imaginative filmmaker who can see the forest for the trees
the first and
the greatest family-oriented ,
the heart ,
the heartbeat of the world ,
the heartbeat of the world , a salute to the universal language of rhythm
one bright shining star
one decent performance
the imagination and hermetic analysis of Todd Solondz
the indomitable human will
A sensitive and expertly acted crowd-pleaser that is n't above a little broad comedy and a few unabashedly sentimental tears .
the kind of elegant symmetry that 's rare in film today
Djeinaba Diop Gai
subtle and mystifying
is to show us not only what that mind looks like , but how the creative process itself operates
is to show us not only what that mind looks like , but how the creative process itself operates .
is this an invigorating , electric movie .
is the perfect actor to take us on the trip
amusing and
the right approach and the right opening premise
an eye-opening tour of modern Beijing culture
an example of sophisticated , challenging filmmaking
funny bits
An incredibly clever and superbly paced caper
a guiltless film for nice evening out .
a guiltless film for nice evening out
a guiltless film
a guilt-free trip
a group of extremely talented musicians
a guilty-pleasure
a guilty pleasure
by storm
by proving that he 's now , more than ever , choosing his roles with the precision of the insurance actuary
of intelligence or invention
of involved talent
truly wonderful
true and historically significant
makes the movie fresh
makes the move from pleasing
makes the material seem genuine rather than pandering
makes the material seem genuine rather than pandering .
makes the experience worthwhile
makes the film special
makes the right choices at every turn
makes these lives count
with a life-affirming message
Though it goes further than both , anyone who has seen The Hunger or Cat People will find little new here , but a tasty performance from Vincent Gallo lifts this tale of cannibal lust above the ordinary .
break through the stupor
The members manage to pronounce KOK exactly as you think they might , thus giving the cast ample opportunity to use that term as often as possible . It 's very Beavis and Butthead , yet always seems to elicit a chuckle .
joy and energy
, while deconstructing the very format of the biography in a manner that Derrida would doubtless give his blessing to
, well-acted , character-driven comedy
, you ca n't wait to see what happens next .
, with charming results
, yet just as determined
sensibility and
sensational and
sensational and revelatory
sensual delights and simmering
sensual delights and simmering violence
sensitive story
sensuality
pulls no punches in its depiction of the lives of the Papin sister and the events that led to their notorious rise to infamy ...
pulls off the feat with aplomb
's Quaid who anchors the film with his effortless performance and that trademark grin of his -- so perfect for a ballplayer
's Kidman who holds the film together with a supremely kittenish performance that gradually accumulates more layers
hold society in place
's a Wonderful Life marathons and bored with A Christmas Carol , it might just be the movie you 're looking for .
hits its mark
hits all the verbal marks
are homages to a classic low-budget film noir movie
are easy to swallow thanks to remarkable performances by Ferrera and Ontiveros
are entitled to take a deep bow for fashioning an engrossing entertainment out of an almost sure-fire prescription for a critical and commercial disaster
are funny
are funny .
wacky sight gags , outlandish color schemes ,
a monologue that manages to incorporate both the horror and the absurdity of the situation in a well-balanced fashion
a moral tale with a twisted sense of humor
a moral tale
scoring high for originality of plot
the fine work
genuinely funny
genuine , acerbic laughs
genuine love story
gently comic even as the film breaks your heart
gently swaying back and forth as it cradles its characters , veiling tension beneath otherwise tender movements
gentle longing
is one of 2002 's involvingly adult surprises .
is one of the luckiest men
is on his way to becoming the American Indian Spike Lee .
is one of 2002 's involvingly adult surprises
is one of the rare directors who feels acting is the heart and soul of cinema . He allows his cast members to make creative contributions to the story and dialogue . This method almost never fails him , and it works superbly here .
is one of this year 's very best pictures
is one of the luckiest men alive
genuinely inspirational
less than the characters , although the filmmakers supply enough complications , close calls and double-crosses to satisfy us
natural , matter-of-fact performances that glint with sorrow , longing and love
natural likability
An enjoyable experience .
nails the role , giving a tight , focused performance illuminated by shards of feeling .
natural , matter-of-fact performances
a fascinating arc from hope and euphoria
steals the show without resorting to camp as Nicholas ' wounded and wounding Uncle Ralph
steals the show without resorting to camp as Nicholas ' wounded and wounding Uncle Ralph .
An enjoyable
An enchanting film that presents an audacious tour of the past and takes within its warm embrace the bounties of cultural artifacts inside St. Petersburg 's Hermitage Museum .
show-stoppingly hilarious
very compelling
carries Arnold ( and the viewers ) into the forbidden zone of sympathizing with terrorist motivations by presenting the `` other side of the story . ''
Moore provides an invaluable service by sparking debate and encouraging thought .
shows that the idea of women 's self-actualization knows few continental divides
of non-actors and a gritty , no-budget approach
Jackson is always watchable .
Reggio still knows how to make a point with poetic imagery
also a -- dare I say it twice -- delightfully charming -- and totally American , I might add -- slice of comedic bliss
juicy soap opera
joy ride
, old-fashioned-movie movie
, often incisive satire and unabashed sweetness
, often hilarious romantic jealousy comedy
, oddly colorful and just plain otherworldly
, one that spans time and reveals meaning ? You bet there is and it 's what makes this rather convoluted journey worth taking .
as a conversation starter
as a classic movie franchise
The film has ( its ) moments
sci-fi techno-sex thriller
sci-fi thriller
Bolstered by an astonishing voice cast ( excepting Love Hewitt ) , an interesting racial tension , and a storyline that I have n't encountered since at least Pete 's Dragon
Bolstered by an astonishing voice cast ( excepting Love Hewitt ) , an interesting racial tension , and a storyline
cho appears to have settled comfortably into her skin
one of the rare directors who feels acting is the heart and soul of cinema . He allows his cast members to make creative contributions to the story and dialogue . This method almost never fails him , and it works superbly here
one of the year 's most intriguing movie experiences
one of this year 's very best pictures
one of those reputedly '' unfilmable '' novels that has bucked the odds to emerge as an exquisite motion picture in its own right
one of 2002 's involvingly adult surprises
one of the best ensemble casts of the year
one of the greatest natural sportsmen of modern times
much funnier film
much fire in the script
much fun to watch .
much fun to watch
quality
quality cinema
above its oh-so-Hollywood rejiggering and its conventional direction to give the film a soul and an unabashed sense of good old-fashioned escapism
above anything Sandler
know what it wants to be
awe and affection --
awe and affection -- and
awe and affection
away a believer again and quite cheered at just that
awarded mythic status
awarded mythic status in contemporary culture
But he somehow pulls it off .
, Vincent 's odyssey resonates in a profound way , comparable to the classic films of Jean Renoir .
straightforward and strikingly devious
strong narrative
when they have unearthed a rare gem
charged music to the ears of Cho 's fans
insurance
They do a good job of painting this family dynamic for the audience but
They presume their audience wo n't sit still for a sociology lesson , however entertainingly presented , so
strong and funny , for the first 15 minutes
a sly , amusing , laugh-filled little gem
a sly , amusing , laugh-filled little gem in which the ultimate '' Bellini '' begins to look like a '' real Kaputschnik
a simple story , perhaps the simplest story of all , in a way that seems compelling and even original
a simple and heart-warming story , full of mirth that should charm all but the most cynical
a simple plan
despite its flaws ... belinsky is still able to create an engaging story that keeps you guessing at almost every turn .
despite its flaws ... belinsky is still able to create an engaging story that keeps you guessing at almost every turn
charm , generosity and diplomacy
, The Piano Teacher is a daring work of genius .
strong and funny
still rules the epochs
charmer
, The Grey Zone is honest enough to deny the possibility of hope in Auschwitz .
joys
charming and hilarious
journey from childhood idealism to adolescent self-absorption .
joyful effusion
just a big , gorgeous , mind-blowing , breath-taking mess
Olympia , Wash. , based filmmakers Anne de Marcken and Marilyn Freeman did just that and it 's what makes their project so interesting
On Guard delivers .
On that score , the film certainly does n't disappoint .
Once folks started hanging out at the barbershop , they never wanted to leave .
but no-nonsense human beings they are and for the still-inestimable contribution they have made to our shared history
strong and convincing performances
Land Beyond Time
Passion , melodrama , sorrow , laugther , and tears
Passion
Pascale Bailly 's rom-com provides Amélie 's Audrey Tautou with another fabuleux destin
Pascale Bailly 's rom-com provides Amélie 's Audrey Tautou with another fabuleux destin -- i . e . , a banal spiritual quest .
Passion , melodrama , sorrow , laugther , and tears cascade over the screen effortlessly ...
Passion , melodrama , sorrow , laugther , and tears cascade over the screen effortlessly
used to be right at home at the Saturday matinee
Armenian-Canadian director Atom Egoyan
compelling , damaged characters who we want to help -- or hurt
compelling , damaged characters
compassion ,
compassion , sacrifice ,
compassionately portrayed
compassion , sacrifice , and Christian love
compatible
style and flash
style and empathy
A faster paced family flick . Upper Teens may get cynical . Smaller numbered kidlets will enjoy .
A feel-good movie
A feel-good movie that
has warmth , wit and interesting characters compassionately portrayed .
has warmth , wit and interesting characters compassionately portrayed
has worked wonders with the material .
has worked wonders with the material
a relentlessly globalizing world
: It 's witty and inventive , too , and in hindsight , it is n't even all that dumb .
succeed by following a feel-good formula with a winning style , and by offering its target audience of urban kids some welcome role models and optimism
equally beautiful , self-satisfied
equally beautiful ,
equally beautiful
erotic
This real-life Hollywood fairy-tale
This ready-made midnight movie probably wo n't stand the cold light of day , but under the right conditions , it 's goofy ( if not entirely wholesome ) fun .
This one is not nearly as dreadful as expected . In fact , it 's quite fun in places .
This ready-made midnight movie probably wo n't stand the cold light of day , but under the right conditions , it 's goofy ( if not entirely wholesome ) fun
whether you 're a fan of the books or
were n't as much about gender , sexual preference or political agitprop
sanctified
this is no simple movie
the 1934 Victor Fleming classic
same time to congratulate himself for having the guts to confront it
take you to outer space
a fascinating study of the relationship between mothers and
is just too , too precious in the end .
is just too , too precious in the end
spat out
high camp and yet another sexual taboo into a really funny movie
high above run-of-the-filth gangster flicks
is engrossing and moving in its own right
very colorful
very attractive about this movie
a sweet treasure and something well worth
style and
The cameo-packed , M : I-2-spoofing title sequence is the funniest 5 minutes to date in this spy comedy franchise
nearly as fresh or enjoyable as its predecessor
A very pretty after-school special . It 's an effort to watch this movie , but it eventually pays off and is effective if you stick with it .
A vibrant , colorful , semimusical rendition
A vibrant , colorful , semimusical rendition .
that 's a big part of why we go to the movies
that 's a sly , amusing , laugh-filled little gem in which the ultimate '' Bellini '' begins to look like a '' real Kaputschnik
as compelling or as believable
thanks to two appealing lead performances
retina candy
far more meaningful story
far superior film
far superior
far more meaningful
Fontaine 's direction , especially her agreeably startling use of close-ups and her grace with a moving camera , creates sheerly cinematic appeal .
Fontaine 's direction , especially her agreeably startling use of close-ups and her grace with a moving camera ,
Fontaine 's direction , especially her agreeably startling use of close-ups and her grace with a moving camera
and touching occasion
uplifting and moving
J.K. Rowling 's phenomenal fantasy best sellers
Hoffman 's performance is great
Predictable storyline and by-the-book scripting is all but washed away by sumptuous ocean visuals and the cinematic stylings of director John Stockwell .
Probably the best case for Christianity
Probably the best case for Christianity since Chesterton and Lewis .
Probably the best case for Christianity since Chesterton and Lewis
takes a potentially trite and overused concept ( aliens come to Earth ) and infuses it into a rustic , realistic , and altogether creepy tale of hidden invasion
takes a slightly dark look at relationships ,
helped especially by the cool presence of Jean Reno
helped especially by the cool presence of Jean Reno .
helps keep the proceedings as funny for grown-ups as for rugrats
help us return to a sane regimen of eating , sleeping and stress-reducing contemplation
helped
helped especially
witty , captivating film about friendship , love , memory , trust and loyalty
witty , captivating film
without in any way demeaning its subjects
without lectures or confrontations
without it ever becoming preachy or syrupy
spent exploring her process of turning pain into art would have made this a superior movie .
regards Reign of Fire with awe .
regards Reign of Fire with awe
reflect a woman 's point-of-view .
Both exuberantly
Both damning and damned compelling .
Both a detective story and a romance spiced with the intrigue of academic skullduggery and politics .
Both a beautifully made nature film and a tribute to a woman whose passion for this region and its inhabitants still shines in her quiet blue eyes .
Both a beautifully
Both an admirable reconstruction of terrible events , and a fitting memorial to the dead of that day , and of the thousands thereafter .
Both an admirable reconstruction of terrible events , and a fitting
Both a successful adaptation and an enjoyable film in its own right .
Both a successful adaptation and an enjoyable film in its own right
B-movie thrillers
valiant attempt to tell a story about the Vietnam War before the pathology set in
valiant
valiantly
valiant effort to understand everyone 's point of view
valiantly keep punching up the mix .
this fast-paced
a hungry need for PG-rated , nonthreatening family movies
a hyperbolic beat-charged urban western
a huge fan
a huge fan of Dickens ' 800-page novel
a human face on it
a jaded critic smacks into something truly new .
a joke at once flaky and resonant , lightweight and bizarrely original
the film is well under way --
the film is well-crafted and this one is
the film is well-crafted and
the film is well-crafted
the film is well under way -- and yet it 's hard to stop watching
the film lately , you may be surprised at the variety of tones in Spielberg 's work .
the film knows what 's unique and quirky about Canadians
transcends its specific story to speak to the ways in which need , history and presumption tangle , and sometimes destroy , blood ties .
the movie landscape
the film 's reach exceeds its grasp
the film 's saving graces
catches dramatic fire
catches dramatic fire .
caught up in an intricate plot
cause you to bite your tongue to keep from laughing at the ridiculous dialog or the oh-so convenient plot twists .
the noble characters he has played in the past
the noble characters
the nonagenarian filmmaker 's son , more incredible
Stevens glides through on some solid performances and witty dialogue .
Still , as a visual treat , the film is almost unsurpassed .
Smart and fun , but far more witty than it is wise .
Smart and fun , but far more witty than it is wise
Smart and fun , but far more witty
Smart and fun
Smoochy
a feat any thinking person is bound to appreciate
long after this film has ended
long , intricate , star-studded and visually flashy
film debut something
generate much suspense
long , intricate , star-studded
valid
Fessenden continues to do interesting work , and
Fessenden continues to do interesting work , and it would be nice to see what he could make with a decent budget .
Fessenden continues to do interesting work
Fessenden continues to do interesting work ,
Fessenden continues to do interesting work , and it would be nice to see what he could make with a decent budget . But
this is a must !
you 'll be rewarded with some fine acting .
you 'll enjoy The Hot Chick .
you 'll enjoy this movie .
Her film
Her delivery and timing are flawless .
Hell House is a fascinating document of an event that has to be seen to be believed .
satisfying crime drama
creates an interesting dynamic with the members of this group , who live in the same apartment building
Here , Adrian Lyne comes as close to profundity as he is likely to get .
creates images even more haunting than those in Mr. Spielberg 's 1993 classic
appreciated a smartly written motion picture
appreciated equally
appreciated equally as an abstract Frank Tashlin comedy and as a playful recapitulation of the artist 's career
a salute
truth and realism
Daring and beautifully made .
Danish cows
Daring and beautifully made
Daring and
The acting is just fine , but
painless
singing - and dancing to - West Side Story show tunes
, it is an engaging nostalgia piece .
While most films these days are about nothing , this film seems to be about everything that 's plaguing the human spirit in a relentlessly globalizing world .
for doing what it does with a dedicated and good-hearted professionalism
for epic landscapes and adventure
just hilarious
just fine
just how exciting and satisfying the fantasy cinema can be when it 's approached with imagination and flair
just how exciting and satisfying
just outright enjoyable
just on the basis of the wisdom , and at times , the startling optimism , of the children
outstanding as director Bruce McCulloch
stinging at times , and lots of fun
out there !
brings a youthful , out-to-change-the-world aggressiveness to the project , as if she 's cut open a vein and bled the raw film stock .
outstanding as director
Cliffhanger
Iwai 's gorgeous visuals seduce .
upbeat ending
in enough clever and unexpected
-- thoughtfully written
watching Huppert , a great actress tearing into a landmark role
-- violence and whimsy do n't combine easily -- '' Cherish '' certainly is n't dull .
-- you 'll love this movie .
, XXX is as conventional as a Nike ad and as rebellious as spring break .
, ` Santa Clause 2 ' is wondrously creative .
writer-director david jacobson and his star , jeremy renner , have made a remarkable film that explores the monster 's psychology not in order to excuse him but rather to demonstrate that his pathology evolved from human impulses that grew hideously twisted .
writer-director david jacobson and his star , jeremy renner
The Accidental Spy is a solid action pic that returns the martial arts master to top form
The AAA of action , XXX is a blast of adrenalin , rated EEE for excitement . And Vin Diesel is the man
The AAA of action , XXX is a blast of adrenalin , rated EEE for excitement . And Vin Diesel is the man .
The Bai brothers have taken an small slice of history and opened it up for all of us to understand
The Bai brothers have taken an small slice of history and opened it up for all of us to understand ,
The Bai brothers have taken an small slice of history and opened it up for all of us to understand , and
with the intelligence or sincerity it unequivocally deserves
striking style
striking villains
for Touched by an Angel simplicity
plunging deeper
Shanghai Ghetto should be applauded for finding a new angle on a tireless story , but you might want to think twice before booking passage
poetic road movie
poetic symbolism
that he 's going to make a splash even greater than Arnold Schwarzenegger , Jean-Claud Van Damme or Steven Segal
that gives you a fascinating , albeit depressing view of Iranian rural life close to the Iraqi border
that includes some of the top actors working in independent film
themselves out there because they love what they do
themselves in the majesty of Tolkien 's writing that every frame produces new joys , whether you 're a fan of the books or not
then illuminates it fully
then gets terrific performances from them all .
the excitement
acting is the heart and soul of cinema . He allows his cast members to make creative contributions to the story and dialogue . This method almost never fails him , and it works superbly here
action and
acting is the heart and soul of cinema . He allows his cast members to make creative contributions to the story and dialogue .
acting is the heart and soul of cinema . He allows his cast members to make creative contributions to the story and dialogue . This method almost never fails him
acting is the heart and soul of cinema . He allows his cast members to make creative contributions to the story and dialogue . This method almost never fails him ,
acting is the heart and soul of cinema . He allows his cast members to make creative contributions to the story and dialogue . This method almost never fails him , and
action movies
is so meditative and lyrical about Babak Payami 's boldly quirky Iranian drama Secret Ballot ... a charming and evoking little ditty that manages to show the gentle and humane side of Middle Eastern world politics
the exotic world
when the fantastic kathy bates turns up
old popcorn fun
the grandeur
the grandeur of the best Next Generation episodes
if The Hours wins ` Best Picture ' I just might
quite a rarity , even in the family film market
really builds up a head of emotional steam
was able to overcome his personal obstacles and become a good man
grows up
grows on you --
grows on you
that 's old-fashioned in all the best possible ways
was a deserved co-winner of the Audience Award for documentaries at the Sundance Film Festival
action-oriented World War II adventure
action-oriented World War
action-adventure buffs
several survivors , whose riveting memories are rendered with such clarity that it 's as if it all happened only yesterday
been expanded and worked into a compelling single feature
was made with careful attention to detail and is well-acted by James Spader and Maggie Gyllenhaal
its impressive craftsmanship
its hilarity
outstanding originality
outrageous , sickening , sidesplitting goods
outpaces its contemporaries with daring and verve
was made with careful attention to detail
slight but sweet
slight and introspective
slice of comedic bliss
slickest
Barrie good time
once again that he 's the best brush in the business
once called ` the gift of tears
vivid characters and a warm , moving message
in peace
visual marvel
as a serious drama about spousal abuse
as a thriller about the ruthless social order that governs college cliques
fun about this silly , outrageous , ingenious thriller is the director 's talent .
fun cheese puff
full-bodied wit
fun about this silly , outrageous , ingenious thriller
full-bodied
full well
fun lite
fun to be had here . Chomp chomp
with their memorable and resourceful performances
symmetry
an integral part
an instant camp classic
with their super-powers , their super-simple animation and their super-dooper-adorability intact
an intelligent film
an intelligent film about young women
about believing in yourself
the droll scene-stealing wit and wolfish pessimism of Anna Chancellor that makes this '' Two Weddings and a Funeral '' fun
interesting as a character study is the fact that the story is told from Paul 's perspective
tackles its relatively serious subject with an open mind and considerable good cheer ,
interesting and often very creatively constructed from figure to backstory
interesting and often
steeped themselves in the majesty of Tolkien 's writing that every frame produces new joys ,
still has the chops and
his smooth , shrewd , powerful act
very moving and revelatory
a cassette
a celebration
a cast of quirky -- but not stereotyped -- street characters
a celebration of living , and a sobering rumination
a celebration of living
his story ends or just ca n't tear himself away from the characters
, the sight of a blind man directing a film is hilarious
Ice Age only improves on it , with terrific computer graphics , inventive action sequences and a droll sense of humor
Ice Age wo n't drop your jaw , but
Ice Age wo n't drop your jaw , but it will warm your heart , and I 'm giving it a strong thumbs up .
Ice Age wo n't drop your jaw , but it will warm your heart , and I 'm giving it a strong thumbs up
of the holiday box office pie
centered storytelling to go along with all the weird stuff
of the hilarious writer-director himself
does n't aim for our sympathy , but rather delivers a performance of striking skill and depth .
does n't feel it has to prove anything
does n't go for the usual obvious laughs at the expense of cheap-looking monsters -- unless you count Elvira 's hooters .
Poignant and moving , A Walk to Remember is an inspirational love story , capturing the innocence and idealism of that first encounter .
those who are drying out from spring break
the edge-of-your-seat , educational antics of Steve Irwin are priceless entertainment .
a stunning film
a stunning film ,
mull
John Malkovich 's reedy consigliere
John Malkovich 's reedy consigliere will pronounce his next line
a character worth giving a damn about
a character worth caring about
of the best movies as monumental ` picture shows
tender and touching drama
could have turned this into an Argentine retread of '' Iris '' or '' American Beauty , '' but instead pulls a little from each film
could have turned this into an Argentine retread of '' Iris '' or '' American Beauty , '' but instead pulls a little from each film and
could have easily become a cold , calculated exercise in postmodern pastiche winds up a powerful and deeply moving example of melodramatic moviemaking .
could have turned this into an Argentine retread of '' Iris '' or '' American Beauty , '' but
adequately fills the eyes
adequately
admirable energy , full-bodied characterizations
admirable energy ,
admirable energy
admirable energy , full-bodied characterizations and narrative urgency
wrap the proceedings up neatly
wrapping the theater
woven of romance , dancing , singing , and unforgettable characters
wraps up
pertinent ( cinematically unique ) message
personal tragedy and also the human comedy
pertinent ( cinematically unique )
any less entertaining
pat , fairy-tale conclusion
occasional charms
occasionally horrifying but often inspiring
Jam-packed
with its characters ' choices , good and ill
unlike other Dumas adaptations
unlike other Dumas adaptations , is far more likened to a treasure than a lengthy jail sentence
unlikely , but likable ,
with imagination and flair
Dark and disturbing , but also surprisingly funny
Daring , mesmerizing and exceedingly hard to forget .
Dark and disturbing , but also surprisingly funny .
a crowdpleaser as
a crowdpleaser
a cross
a creepy and dead-on performance
a cruelly funny twist on teen comedy
a cruelly funny twist
viscerally exciting , and dramatically moving , it 's the very definition of epic adventure .
There are some movies that hit you from the first scene and you know it 's going to be a trip
There are slow and repetitive parts , but it has just enough spice to keep it interesting .
There are scenes of cinematic perfection that steal your heart away .
There are slow and repetitive parts , but it has just enough spice to keep it interesting
There are n't too many films that can be as simultaneously funny , offbeat and heartwarming ( without a thick shmear of the goo , at least ) , but `` Elling '' manages to do all three quite well , making it one of the year 's most enjoyable releases
There are n't too many films that can be as simultaneously funny , offbeat and heartwarming ( without a thick shmear of the goo , at least ) , but
There are n't too many films that can be as simultaneously funny , offbeat and heartwarming ( without a thick shmear of the goo , at least ) , but `` Elling '' manages to do all three quite well , making it one of the year 's most enjoyable releases .
will be well worth your time .
whose jolly , fun-for-fun 's - sake communal spirit goes to the essence of Broadway
whole package
... one of the more influential works of the ` Korean New Wave ' .
dedicated artists
deeper and more engaging
be more than another `` Best Man '' clone by weaving a theme throughout this funny film
be much funnier than anything
a sharper , cleaner script
a sheer unbridled delight in the way
a single man 's struggle to regain his life , his dignity and his music
a bravura performance
materials is as much fun as it must have been for them to make it
What sets Ms . Birot 's film apart from others in the genre is a greater attention to the parents -- and particularly the fateful fathers -- in the emotional evolution of the two bewitched adolescents .
the talk alone is enough to keep us
Much of it is funny , but
Much of it is funny , but there are also some startling , surrealistic moments
take us by surprise ...
... portrays young Brendan with his usual intelligence and subtlety , not to mention a convincing brogue .
Ms. Sugarman followed through on her defiance of the saccharine
a brilliant college student
Much of it comes from the brave , uninhibited performances by its lead actors .
Much of it is funny ,
may be based on a true and historically significant story
viscerally exciting
he was reading the minds of the audience .
he somehow pulls it off .
has succeeded beyond all expectation
with star power , a pop-induced score
with such a buoyant , expressive flow of images
n't all that bad
observed character piece .
observations reflect a woman 's point-of-view
the film is small in scope , yet perfectly formed .
the film is small in scope , yet perfectly formed
the film is powerful , accessible and funny . you wo n't miss its messages , but you 'll be entertained as well .
hit their marks , pyro-correctly
the film is powerful , accessible and funny . you wo n't miss its messages , but
the film is powerful , accessible and funny . you wo n't miss its messages ,
wonderful
visit , this laboratory of laughter
above run-of-the-filth gangster flicks
stanzas of breathtaking , awe-inspiring visual poetry
the silver screen , then this first film
this likable movie
camp classic
can admire
those exceedingly rare films
those famous moments
achieves the feel of a fanciful motion picture .
achieves the feel of a fanciful motion picture
achieves some kind of goofy grandeur
achieves the near-impossible
cogent story-telling and visual clarity during the big action sequences
coherent dialogue
iq points as it races to the finish line
intrinsically funny
to make fun of these curious owners of architectural oddities . Instead , he shows them the respect they are due
to make its way past my crappola radar and find a small place in my heart
to look American angst in the eye and end up laughing
to make creative contributions to the story and dialogue
Valley of the Dolls
Upsetting and thought-provoking
Upsetting and thought-provoking , the film has an odd purity that does n't bring you into the characters so much as it has you study them .
to an imitation movie
this movie -- for its historical significance alone
this lavish three-year-old production has enough grandeur and scale to satisfy as grown-up escapism .
this nonthreatening but thrilling adventure
this slight comedy of manners
thoroughly enjoyable
this slight comedy of manners has winning performances and a glossy , glib charm that 's hard to beat .
thoroughly enjoyable true
a cool event for the whole family . Maybe not a classic , but a movie the kids will want to see over and over again
'' Birthday Girl '' is an actor 's movie first and foremost .
well-meaning , beautifully produced film
'' Catch Me '' feels capable of charming the masses with star power , a pop-induced score and sentimental moments that have become a Spielberg trademark .
are priceless
are portrayed with almost supernatural powers to humble , teach and ultimately redeem their mentally '' superior '' friends , family
are potent
are portrayed with almost supernatural powers to humble , teach and ultimately redeem their mentally '' superior '' friends , family ...
delightful work
a cool event for the whole family . Maybe not a classic
howlingly trashy time
how well it holds up in an era in which computer-generated images are the norm
however , Robert Rodriguez adorns his family-film plot with an elegance and maturity that even most contemporary adult movies are lacking .
committed to growth in his ninth decade
communicate the truth of the world
communicate the truth of the world around him
, I was entranced .
, Kissing Jessica Stein is one of the greatest date movies in years .
unique director 's
unique directing style
patient with the lovely hush
patience
patient with the lovely hush ! and your reward
patient with the lovely hush !
patient with the lovely hush ! and
It 's anchored by splendid performances from an honored screen veteran and a sparkling newcomer who instantly transform themselves into a believable mother\/daughter pair .
an electric pencil sharpener
an authentic feel
an avalanche of more appealing holiday-season product
an earnest try at beachcombing verismo
be her breakthrough role
be left with the sensation of having just witnessed a great performance and , perhaps , give in to the urge to get on your feet and shake it
be left with the sensation of having just witnessed a great performance
Does what a fine documentary does best :
Does what a fine documentary does best : It extends a warm invitation into an unfamiliar world , then illuminates it fully and allows the larger implications of the journey to sink in unobtrusively
of its kind since ` Brazil
of its execution and skill of its cast
's played in the most straight-faced fashion , with little humor to lighten things up
's rare to find a film to which the adjective ` gentle ' applies
's real strength
's on par with the first one
The modern master
The modern master of the chase sequence
The modern master of the chase sequence returns with a chase to end all chases
seeing ,
celebrates radical , nonconformist values , What to Do in Case of Fire
celebrates the human spirit with such unrelenting Dickensian decency that it turned me ( horrors ! )
's the tension that keeps you in your seat
's what makes it irresistible
's therapeutic to laugh along with them
do n't have to know about music to appreciate the film 's easygoing blend of comedy and romance .
do n't have to know about music to appreciate the film 's easygoing blend of comedy and romance
offer a free ticket ( second prize , of course , two free tickets )
LaPaglia 's ability to convey grief and hope works with Weaver 's sensitive reactions to make this a two-actor master class .
Lathan and Diggs have considerable personal charm , and their screen rapport makes the old story seem new .
Lathan and Diggs have considerable personal charm
well executed .
well executed . If you 're paying attention , the '' big twists ''
a smart , nuanced look at de Sade and
a smart , nuanced look at de Sade
a smart , solid , kinetically-charged spy
a smart , nuanced look at de Sade and what might have happened at Picpus
a smart , funny look
a small star with big heart
a smart , nuanced look
a smart , funny look at an arcane area of popular culture
a smart , solid , kinetically-charged spy flick worthy of a couple hours of summertime and a bucket of popcorn . Nothing overly original , mind you , but solidly entertaining
a smart , solid , kinetically-charged spy flick worthy of a couple hours of summertime and a bucket of popcorn . Nothing overly original , mind you
stellar cast
references to faith and rainbows to plant smile-button faces on that segment of the populace that made A Walk to Remember a niche hit
reflected in almost every scene
refreshes
refreshes the mind and spirit
refreshes the mind and spirit along
Fulford-Wierzbicki ... deftly captures the wise-beyond-her-years teen .
diverse and astonishingly articulate
the movie possesses its own languorous charm .
keeping themselves kicking
keep you reasonably entertained
the many , many moments when we recognize even without the Elizabethan prose , the play behind the thing
the many fine , focused films emerging from that most surprising of nations
's funny , touching , dramatically forceful , and beautifully shot .
real emotional impact
Yet in its own aloof , unreachable way it 's so fascinating you wo n't be able to look away for a second .
equally lovely but also
Yiddish theater , whose jolly , fun-for-fun 's - sake communal spirit goes to the essence of Broadway
Yet this one makes up for in heart what it lacks in outright newness .
Ken Russell would love this .
Katzenberg
vein
venerable
venues
Dickens ' wonderfully sprawling soap opera , the better
boasted a clearer , more memorable
If you liked the 1982 film then , you 'll still like it now .
cute and
credited to Dennis Quaid ,
cried , not once
was right to cut
was right about Blade
some of the better drug-related pictures
handled correctly , wilde 's play is a masterpiece of elegant wit and artifice . here , alas ,
sinuously plotted and
sit through it all
The film ... presents classic moral-condundrum drama : What would you have done to survive ?
The film aims to be funny , uplifting and moving , sometimes all at once .
The film delivers what it promises : A look at the `` wild ride '' that ensues when brash young men set out to conquer the online world with laptops , cell phones and sketchy business plans .
The film grows on you .
The film has a laundry list of minor shortcomings , but the numerous scenes of gory mayhem are worth the price of admission ... if `` gory mayhem '' is your idea of a good time
The film has a laundry list of minor shortcomings , but the numerous scenes of gory mayhem are worth the price of admission ... if `` gory mayhem '' is your idea of a good time .
The film is a fierce dance of destruction .
The film is an earnest try at beachcombing verismo , but it would be even more indistinct than it is were it not for the striking , quietly vulnerable personality of Ms. Ambrose
yet it has been made with great evident care and manages to deliver up the man in a way to arouse further curiosity in even the most unknowing viewer .
you 'll be glad you went along for the ride .
a cinematic fluidity and sense
yet careworn in Jane Hamilton 's exemplary costumes
yet it has been made with great evident care and manages to deliver up the man in a way to arouse further curiosity in even the most unknowing viewer
but utterly delightful .
you 'll love this documentary .
you 'll ever find of why art matters , and how it can resonate far beyond museum walls and through to the most painfully marginal lives
but it 's a pleasurable trifle .
to gawk at or applaud his special effects
but it 's great cinematic polemic
to find a film that dazzles the eye , challenges the brain
to find solace in events that could easily crush it forever
to getting weepy over saucer-eyed , downy-cheeked moppets and their empathetic caretakers
Uncommonly stylish
Uncommonly stylish but
flamboyant style
feature-length running time
features some decent performances
featured in Drumline
the ease with which it integrates thoughtfulness and pasta-fagioli comedy
the Oscar-winning sound and
the Oscar-winning sound and James Horner 's rousing score
the Oscar-winning sound and James Horner 's rousing score make good use of the hefty audio system
the National Lampoon film franchise ,
the One That I Want
the Oscar-winning sound
otherwise talented
the Sally Jesse Raphael atmosphere of films like Philadelphia and American Beauty
of nostalgic spy-movie charm
they probably thought were funniest
the imaginative ( and sometimes illegal )
do n't want to be worrying about whether the ineffectual Broomfield is going to have the courage to knock on that door .
a gripping , tidy little movie
a gripping story
a gritty urban mosaic
this is so de palma . if you love him , you 'll like it . if you do n't
this is so de palma . if you love him , you 'll like it . if you do n't ...
this love
two men who discover what William James once called ` the gift of tears
and darkly comic
and darkly funny
trusting
the love
engaging historical drama
engaging filmmaking that should attract upscale audiences hungry for quality and a nostalgic , twisty yarn that will keep them guessing
engaging manner and flamboyant style
engaging historical drama that Hollywood appears to have given up on in favor of sentimental war movies in the vein of ` We Were Soldiers
engaging simplicity
engaging mix
engaging than the usual fantasies Hollywood produces
engaging story
engaging the audience in the travails of creating a screenplay
radical action
It 's not a film to be taken literally on any level , but its focus always appears questionable
The material and the production
Yes , one enjoys seeing Joan grow from awkward young woman to strong , determined monarch
Yes , one enjoys seeing Joan grow from awkward young woman to strong , determined monarch ,
Yes , you are
, exuberantly irreverent animated space adventure .
, exuberant
, except gently and in that way that makes us consider our own eccentricities and how they are expressed through our homes
, evokes shame among all who are party to it and even promotes understanding
, extraordinarily well-acted
, exquisitely modulated psychological thriller .
, exhilarating
to refresh our souls
to remarkable performances
to read Stevenson 's book , which is a treasure in and of itself
to rival To Live
still manage to break past the artifice and thoroughly engage you
previous Disney films
correctly , Wilde 's play is a masterpiece of elegant wit and artifice
beguiling serenity and poise
begins to yield some interesting results
party-hearty
An uplifting , largely bogus story
An uplifting
An uplifting ,
An unusually dry-eyed , even analytical approach to material that is generally
An unusually dry-eyed , even analytical approach to material that is generally played for maximum moisture .
a comic fan
a column of words can not adequately describe co-writer\/director Peter Jackson 's expanded vision of J.R.R. Tolkien 's Middle-earth
does Dickens as it should be done cinematically
Salton Sea surprisingly engrossing
does Spider-Man deliver , but I suspect it might deliver again and again .
An off-beat and fanciful film
An old-fashioned but emotionally stirring adventure tale
the leads ) are such a companionable couple
film buffs will eat up like so much gelati
somewhat insightful
film grows on you . And how
film grows on you . And
it would be sleazy and fun
it would have become a camp adventure , one of those movies that 's so bad it starts to become good .
spend with these people
Absorbing character study by André Turpin .
Lopez Romantic Comedy
nonstop romance , music , suspense and action .
nonstop romance , music , suspense and action
nonstop parade
incredible storyline
incredible subtlety and acumen
because it has a bigger-name cast
increase the gravitational pull
increasingly amused
increasingly amused irony
increasingly emphasizes the computer and the cool
increasingly important film industry
incredible IMAX sound system
Showtime is nevertheless efficiently amusing for a good while . Before it collapses into exactly the kind of buddy cop comedy it set out to lampoon , anyway .
, percolating magic
uses lighting effects and innovative backgrounds
uses a sensational , real-life 19th-Century crime as a metaphor
uses some of the figures from the real-life story to portray themselves in the film .
uses lighting effects and innovative backgrounds to an equally impressive degree
can I think of a very good reason to rush right out and see it
campy fun
campy fun like the Vincent Price horror classics of the '60s
came handed down from the movie gods on a silver platter
a great and a terrible story
Clayburgh and Tambor are charming performers ;
Clayburgh and Tambor are charming performers
to deliver a fair bit of vampire fun
to die for
with its subject matter in a tasteful , intelligent manner , rather than forcing us to endure every plot contrivance that the cliché-riddled genre can offer
with its subjects
with its unflinching gaze a measure of faith in the future
a gentle film with dramatic punch , a haunting ode to humanity
a fun little timewaster , helped especially by the cool presence of Jean Reno .
a gentle film
a fun
a frighteningly capable debut and genre piece , but also
love , memory , history
signature style
sidesplitting
signing
repellent to fully endear itself to American art house audiences , but
reopens an interesting controversy and
reopens an interesting controversy and never succumbs to sensationalism
repellent to fully endear itself to American art house audiences , but it is notable for its stylistic austerity and forcefulness .
ultra-manipulative thriller
we 're touched by the film 's conviction that all life centered on that place , that time and that sport
's because the laughs come from fairly basic comedic constructs
's awfully entertaining to watch .
's awfully entertaining to watch
's attracting audiences to Unfaithful
's as sweet as Greenfingers
's awfully entertaining
we are forced to reflect that its visual imagination is breathtaking
we all lose track of ourselves by trying
still manages to be uplifting but not overly sentimental
the most wondrous of all Hollywood fantasies -- and
the most wondrous of all Hollywood fantasies -- and the apex of Steven Spielberg 's misunderstood career
the most wondrous of all Hollywood fantasies
the most triumphant performances of Vanessa Redgrave 's career
the most splendid
the most triumphant performances
above the level of other coming-of-age films
about real people
about real people , that gives us a rare glimpse into a culture most of us do n't know .
simple and precise that anything discordant would topple the balance
's John Turturro , who 's simply fab as a Spanish butler with a foot fetish
's Friday ''
get the audience to break through the wall her character erects
simple in form but rich with human events
has no affect on the Kurds
simple and soapy
true , lived experience
Jeffrey Tambor 's
Jean-Luc Godard 's finest work
Jeffrey Tambor 's performance as the intelligent jazz-playing exterminator is Oscar-worthy .
muscles and a lot more smarts , but just as endearing and easy to watch
significant '
of purpose and even-handedness
well-acted television melodrama
This picture
has more than enough charm to make it memorable
Coral Reef Adventure is a heavyweight film that fights a good fight on behalf of the world 's endangered reefs -- and
Coral Reef Adventure is a heavyweight film that fights a good fight on behalf of the world 's endangered reefs --
Coral Reef Adventure is a heavyweight film that fights a good fight on behalf of the world 's endangered reefs -- and it lets the pictures do the punching .
Coral Reef Adventure is a heavyweight film that fights a good fight on behalf of the world 's endangered reefs -- and it lets the pictures do the punching
in favor of sentimental war movies
in future years as an eloquent memorial
in good fun
a few tasty morsels under your belt
a few tasty morsels
a few other decent ones
a few modest laughs
pure composition and
pure composition
huge heart
however , it 's invaluable
how we all need a playful respite from the grind to refresh our souls
hugely rewarding experience
hugely rewarding
'' is never lethargic
'' is suitable summer entertainment
'' leaves us with the terrifying message that the real horror may be waiting for us at home
'' make this a charmer .
It will guarantee to have you leaving the theater with a smile on your face .
get a sock-you-in-the-eye flick that is a visual tour-de-force and a story that is unlike any you will likely see anywhere else
unique culture
fetching
a highly satisfying quotient of Friday-night excitement and Milla
a highly satisfying quotient
a high water mark for this genre
unique and quirky
a huge amount of the credit for the film 's thoroughly winning tone
a huge amount of the credit for the film
It uses some of the figures from the real-life story to portray themselves in the film .
unique and inherent
of intelligence and non-reactionary morality
of hope
discovery and humor
but something far more stylish and cerebral -- and
but something far more stylish and cerebral -- and ,
discreet filmmakers
discovery and humor between Chaplin and Kidman
The War of the Roses , '
uniformly good
is authentic to the core of his being .
is authentic to the core of his being
is at 22 a powerful young actor .
is at 22 a powerful young actor
is balanced by a rich visual clarity and deeply
is beautiful to behold and
A respectable venture on its own terms ,
A respectable venture on its own terms
A riveting profile
A return to pure Disney magic and is enjoyable family fare .
A return to pure Disney
A riveting profile of law enforcement , and a visceral , nasty journey into an urban Hades
sprightly
unhurried narrative
sprightly acting
as an exercise in gorgeous visuals
as any James Bond thriller
fantastic sets , extras ,
fantastic sets , extras
fantastic sets , extras , costumes and
fantastic sets , extras , costumes
fantastic sets ,
fantastic sets
twisted humor and eye-popping visuals
fantastic sets , extras , costumes and spectacular locales
Offers a guilt-free trip
Offers a guilt-free trip into feel-good territory
Offers a guilt-free trip into feel-good territory .
Offers a persuasive
Offers a persuasive look at a defeated but defiant nation in flux .
Offers an interesting look
Offers an interesting look at the rapidly changing face of Beijing
Offers an interesting look at the rapidly changing face of Beijing .
Offers big , fat , dumb laughs that may make you hate yourself for giving in . Ah , what the hell .
It 's got all the familiar Bruckheimer elements , and Schumacher does probably as good a job as anyone at bringing off the Hopkins\/Rock collision of acting styles and onscreen personas .
arrive early and stay late , filling nearly every minute ... with a lighthearted glow , some impudent snickers , and a glorious dose of humankind 's liberating ability to triumph over a Scrooge or two
arrive early and stay late ,
arrive early and stay late
arrive early
arriving at a particularly dark moment in history , it offers flickering reminders of the ties that bind us .
in his most forceful non-Shakespeare screen performance
in his documentary To Be and to Have , easily one of the best films of the year
in his most forceful non-Shakespeare screen performance , grounds even the softest moments in the angry revolt of his wit
Bruce Springsteen 's
Even horror fans
postcard perfect
postcard perfect ,
deep-seated , emotional need
Shows moments of promise but
Shows moments of promise
Showtime 's starry cast
produce another smash
make a big splash
make a convincing case for the relevance of these two 20th-century footnotes
make a classic theater piece
make a great team
make a credible case for reports from the afterlife and a lot more time on the romantic urgency that 's at the center of the story
make a hip comedy
sets Ms . Birot 's film apart from others in the genre is a greater attention to the parents -- and particularly the fateful fathers -- in the emotional evolution of the two bewitched adolescents .
Dense , exhilarating documentary
Dense , exhilarating documentary .
stirring
It turns out to be smarter and more diabolical than you could have guessed at the beginning .
the action and
surprisingly appealing
surprisingly effective
surprisingly deep
surprisingly engaging film
surreal Gilliam-esque film
surreal as a dream and as detailed as a photograph
surreal as a dream
is an intelligent , realistic portrayal of testing boundaries
is an intelligent , realistic portrayal of testing boundaries .
is an inspirational love story , capturing the innocence and idealism of that first encounter
is an inspirational love story , capturing the innocence and idealism of that first encounter .
is an odd but ultimately satisfying blend of the sophomoric and the sublime
is an odd but ultimately satisfying blend of the sophomoric and the sublime .
is an intelligent flick that examines many different ideas from happiness to guilt in an intriguing bit of storytelling
is an interesting story of pointed personalities
is an oddly fascinating depiction of an architect of pop culture
is an uncompromising film
respect
chilling
film about growing up that we do n't see often enough these days
filled with humorous observations about the general absurdity of modern life
absorbing performance
to find an old flame
into an intense and engrossing head-trip
into an evanescent , seamless and sumptuous stream of consciousness
into an intricate , intimate and intelligent journey
on sophisticated , discerning taste
-- they live together -- the film has a lot of charm .
veracity
popcorn
at this beautifully drawn movie
is steeped in the atmosphere of wartime England
is still a nice little picture , made by bright and friendly souls with a lot of good cheer
nearly as dreadful as expected . In fact , it 's quite fun in places
a film of magic and whimsy for children , a heartfelt romance for teenagers and a compelling argument about death , both pro and con , for adults
nearly as graphic but much more powerful , brutally shocking and
nearly as graphic but much more powerful
nearly as graphic but much more powerful ,
Sirk
is successful as a film , while at the same time being a most touching reconsideration of the familiar masterpiece
seen such hilarity since Say It Is n't So
, the Cockettes were n't as much about gender , sexual preference or political agitprop as they were simply a triumph of the indomitable human will to rebel , connect and create .
, the kind of movie that invites you to pick apart its faults even as you have to admit that somehow it hit you where you live
But it 's defiantly and delightfully against the grain .
to warm the hearts of animation enthusiasts of all ages
run through its otherwise comic narrative .
a sufficient
a successful adaptation
a successful
a prolific director of music videos
saves it ... and makes it
to wander into the dark areas of parent-child relationships without flinching
And they succeed merrily at their noble endeavor .
And there 's the inimitable Diaz , holding it all together .
funny and
& Amazing
! Gollum 's ` performance ' is incredible
'' Extreme Ops '' exceeds expectations . Good fun , good action , good acting , good dialogue , good pace , good cinematography .
'' Derrida is an undeniably fascinating and playful fellow .
'' The Isle '' you 'll get a sock-you-in-the-eye flick that is a visual tour-de-force and a story that is unlike any
'' Memento ''
for : Strap on a pair of 3-D goggles , shut out the real world , and take a vicarious voyage to the last frontier --
fresh and
of one unstable man
with the kind of social texture and realism that would be foreign in American teen comedies
leaves little doubt that Kidman has become one of our best actors
leaves little doubt that Kidman has become one of our best actors .
resolutely dramatic variation
resonance
have some very funny sequences
genitals
genial is the conceit , this is one of those rare pictures that you root for throughout , dearly hoping that the rich promise of the script will be realized on the screen . It never is , not fully .
eloquent language
eloquent clarity
elicits strong performances from his cast
elicits strong performances
eloquent , deeply felt meditation
eloquent , deeply felt
of loving
of lingerie models and bar dancers
of love and humility
a very original artist
a veritable source of sincere passion that this Hollywood contrivance orbits around
a verbal duel between two gifted performers
a twisted sense
a true adaptation of her book
showcase that accomplishes its primary goal without the use of special effects , but rather by emphasizing the characters
Wilco got dropped from their record label , proving that one man 's ruin may be another 's fortune .
Together writer-director Danny Verete 's three tales comprise a powerful and reasonably fulfilling gestalt .
Together , Miller , Kuras and the actresses make Personal Velocity into an intricate , intimate and intelligent journey .
in a pristine movie neverland
turn in perfectly executed and wonderfully sympathetic characters , who are alternately touching and funny .
spontaneous creativity and
like its subjects , delivers the goods and audiences will have a fun , no-frills ride .
has a childlike quality about it .
harrowing journey
has a brain
harvests a few movie moment gems
so many different levels
We 've seen the hippie-turned-yuppie plot before , but there 's an enthusiastic charm in Fire that makes the formula fresh again
creates an interesting dynamic
creates an interesting dynamic with the members of this group , who live in the same apartment building .
the pantheon of great monster\/science fiction flicks
Sheridan had a wonderful account to work from
the best he 's been in years
powerful portrayal
praise God for delivering such an instant camp classic
like it was worth your seven bucks ,
that extra little something
that feels very human and very true to life
that extra little something that makes it worth checking out at theaters
that finds warmth in the coldest environment and makes each crumb of emotional comfort
who can rise to fans ' lofty expectations
to become cinematic poetry
It has fun with the quirks of family life
It has a way of seeping into your consciousness , with lingering questions about what the film is really getting at .
to watch a solid tale about a universally interesting soul
would love this .
the light , comic side of the issue
It has fun with the quirks of family life ,
pulls the rug out from under you , just when you 're ready to hate one character , or really sympathize with another character
its unflinching gaze a measure of faith in the future
the movie is serviceable
more than a modest , snoozy charm
more than effectively
more than fitfully entertaining
chooses his words carefully
`` Cherish '' certainly is n't dull .
surprisingly romantic
surprisingly touching
surprisingly well
surreal ache of mortal awareness
surreal ache of mortal awareness emerges a radiant character portrait .
surrealistic
it 's a welcome return to the roots of a genre that should depend on surprises .
it 's a welcome return to the roots of a genre that should depend on surprises
it 's a compelling story , mainly because of the way it 's told by the people who were there
it 's a far more thoughtful film than any slice of Hugh Grant whimsy .
it 's a compelling story , mainly because of the way it 's told by the people who were there .
it 's a metaphor for this love story
it 's a lovers-on-the-run crime flick
it 's a nice departure from standard moviegoing fare .
, despite the gratuitous cinematic distractions impressed upon it , is still good fun .
, directors Dean Deblois and Chris Sanders valiantly keep punching up the mix .
, director\/co-writer Jacques Audiard , though little known in this country , belongs in the very top rank of French filmmakers
The huskies are beautiful , the border collie is funny and the overall feeling is genial and decent .
The immersive powers
The huskies are beautiful , the border collie is funny and the overall feeling is genial and decent
The huskies are beautiful ,
The huskies are beautiful , the border collie is funny
The huskies are beautiful
The immersive powers of the giant screen and its hyper-realistic images
The immersive powers of the giant screen and its hyper-realistic images are put to perfect use in the breathtakingly beautiful outer-space documentary Space Station 3D .
notably better
an ultra-loud blast
occasionally insightful
to be a part of that elusive adult world
to be a monster movie for the art-house crowd
to be ( Tsai 's ) masterpiece
're drawn in by the dark luster
're content with a clever pseudo-bio that manages to have a good time as it doles out pieces of the famous director 's life
that does the nearly impossible
visually stunning
visually striking
Burns is a filmmaker with a bright future ahead of him
Buy is an accomplished actress ,
Buy is an accomplished actress
is a pretty decent little documentary
visually polished , a little funnier , and a little more
be the next Animal House
be this good
be two hours gained
visual treat
visual poetry that will , hopefully , be remembered as one of the most important stories to be told in Australia 's film history
very possible for a reasonably intelligent person
significant character study
an impressive achievement in spite of a river of sadness that pours into every frame
an impressive job
an impressive achievement
an impressive job of relating the complicated history of the war
an improvement
contrasting and interlocking stories about miserable Scandinavian settlers
contrasting and interlocking stories
contrasting and interlocking stories about miserable Scandinavian settlers in 18th-century Canada , and yuppie sailboaters in the here and now
as it sounds , but strikes a tone that 's alternately melancholic , hopeful and strangely funny
as it is spooky and subtly in love with myth
as it is for Angelique
scenery , vibe and all --
scenery , vibe and all
scenery , vibe
scenes brim
scenes of cinematic perfection that steal your heart away
scenes of cinematic perfection
Nolan 's penetrating undercurrent of cerebral and cinemantic flair
Nolan 's penetrating undercurrent
Nolan 's penetrating undercurrent of cerebral and cinemantic flair lends ( it ) stimulating depth .
Benigni ( who stars and co-wrote ) seems to be having a wonderful time
who might otherwise go unnoticed and underappreciated by music fans
who makes Martha enormously endearing
the film certainly does n't disappoint
who learns that believing in something does matter
who loves both dance and cinema
the spirit
understands that a generation defines its music as much as the music defines a generation .
redeemed
has a great cast and a great idea .
has a tremendous , offbeat sense of style and humor that suggests he was influenced by some of the filmmakers who have directed him , especially the Coen brothers and Steven Soderbergh
charismatic
when it 's good
when it 's good , it 's good and horrid
when it 's good , it 's good and horrid .
where the crew wonder if they 're ghosts imagining themselves as alive . It 's a sly wink to The Others without becoming a postmodern joke
where the drumming and the marching are so excellent , who cares if the story 's a little weak
seamless and sumptuous stream
cynicism to cut through the sugar coating .
fresh take
friendly
frenetic comedy
fresh , quirky charm
fresh romantic comedy
fresh and unselfconscious
fresh examination
your interest until the end and
your interest until the end and even leaves you with a few lingering animated thoughts
your first instinct
will talk about for hours
wonderfully dyspeptic
the riveting
Fabulous
Exploring value choices is a worthwhile topic for a film
Exploring value choices is a worthwhile topic for a film --
Exploring
its exquisite acting , inventive screenplay
its exquisite acting , inventive screenplay ,
its exquisite acting , inventive screenplay , mesmerizing music
its excellent use
its excellent use of New York locales and sharp writing
its exquisite acting
its exquisite acting ,
its exquisite acting , inventive screenplay , mesmerizing music , and
its exquisite acting , inventive screenplay , mesmerizing music , and many inimitable scenes
monumental
, tortured
Entertainment
Enormously entertaining for moviegoers of any age .
Eric
Entertains by providing good , lively company .
Entertains
see Del Toro has brought unexpected gravity to Blade II
Erika a persona that is so intriguing that you find yourself staring hypnotically at her , trying to understand her and wondering if she 'll crack
are forced to reflect that its visual imagination is breathtaking
are familiar with , and makes you care about music you may not have heard before
are familiar with , and makes you care about music you may not have heard before .
are far worse messages to teach a young audience , which will probably be perfectly happy with the sloppy slapstick comedy .
are faithful to Melville 's plotline , they
is far funnier than it would seem to have any right to be
is far from disappointing , offering an original
is far from disappointing ,
is far from disappointing
Cool gadgets and creatures keep this fresh . Not as good as the original , but
is extremely thorough .
is extremely thorough
of a poetic
is far funnier than it would seem to have any right to be .
nevertheless efficiently
nevertheless efficiently amusing
create
create an engaging story that keeps you guessing at almost every turn
work to see it at the first opportunity .
on tension , eloquence , spiritual challenge -- things that have made the original New Testament stories so compelling for 20 centuries
so stocked with talent
so striking or fascinating
so skeeved out that they 'd need a shower
so striking or fascinating or metaphorically significant about his career
so striking or fascinating or
its predecessors is that Myers is no longer simply spoofing the mini-mod-madness of '60s spy movies
its pleasures
its performances
its pleasures are still plentiful .
its pleasures are still plentiful
its profound self-evaluation message about our fragile existence
its profound self-evaluation message
is the best kind of documentary , one that makes a depleted yesterday feel very much like a brand-new tomorrow .
may cause parents a few sleepless hours -- a sign of its effectiveness
may be the most oddly honest Hollywood document of all
may be the performances of their careers
were hailed as the works of an artist .
oh my
what 's nice is that there 's a casual intelligence that permeates the script .
the dream world of teen life
it wanted to fully capitalize on its lead 's specific gifts
approaches his difficult , endless work with remarkable serenity and discipline .
appreciates the art and reveals a music scene that transcends culture and race .
the right conditions
appreciates the art and reveals a music scene that transcends culture and race
appreciates the art and
ol' urban legend stuff .
have given audiences the time of day by concentrating on the elements of a revealing alienation among a culture of people who sadly are at hostile odds with one another through recklessness and retaliation
the well-wrought story
outshine the original
overcomes
overcomes the regular minefield of coming-of-age cliches with potent doses of honesty and sensitivity .
overcomes the regular minefield of coming-of-age cliches with potent doses of honesty and sensitivity
that come full circle to end on a positive ( if tragic ) note
love letter
bends technical know-how
bends
bends technical know-how to the service of psychological insight
best and most mature
best European directors
best animated
best and most mature comedy
best ensemble casts
best case
love the opening scenes of a wintry New York City in 1899 . Cinematic poetry showcases the city 's old-world charm before machines change nearly everything
entertaining for what it does ,
entertaining enough at ` face value '
ensnaring the audience
enough science to make it count as educational , and
entertaining ,
enjoyed Time of Favor
enjoy a close look
enough science to make it count as educational ,
enjoys one of his richest roles
powerful act
powerful and astonishingly vivid
powerful 1957 drama
of some children who remain curious about each other against all odds
full of grace
full of life , hand gestures , and some
full of stunning images and effects
full of traditional layers of awakening and ripening and separation and recovery
full price
so crazy !
so cognizant of the cultural and moral issues involved in the process
the Q in Quirky
amazingly
that is all the more remarkable because it
that is actually funny without hitting below the belt
that is able to visualize schizophrenia but is still confident enough to step back and look at the sick character with a sane eye
moments it captures the erotics of intimacy in a way that makes most American love stories look downright unfree
a funny moment or two
one of ( Witherspoon 's ) better films
will be a good ( successful ) rental
its punchy style promises
that is a brief shooting star of love
does succeed by following a feel-good formula with a winning style
does with a dedicated and good-hearted professionalism
does n't win any points for originality . It does succeed by following a feel-good formula with a winning style , and by offering its target audience of urban kids
doing what it does with a dedicated and good-hearted professionalism
Spy Kids a surprising winner with both adults and younger audiences
Spy at a video store near you
is kind of enjoyable thanks mainly to Belushi 's easy-going likableness .
is laugh-out-loud ludicrous .
Rampling gives a performance that could not be improved upon .
Rain is a small treasure , enveloping the viewer in a literal and spiritual torpor that is anything but cathartic .
Ranging from funny to shattering and featuring some of the year 's best acting
Ranging from funny to shattering and featuring some of the year 's best acting , Personal Velocity gathers plenty of dramatic momentum .
made this a superior movie
he never reduces the situation to simple melodrama
he never reduces the situation to simple melodrama .
he is matched by Schweig , who carries the film on his broad , handsome shoulders
deeply meditative picture
headlong
deeply humanistic
he reasonably should be
runs on equal parts of innocence and wisdom -- wisdom that comes with experience
to hear Madame D. refer to her husband as ` Jackie ' -- and he does make for excellent company
runs a good race , one that will have you at the edge of your seat for long stretches
the movie addresses a hungry need for pg-rated , nonthreatening family movies , but it does n't go too much further .
Highly irritating at first , Mr . Koury 's passive technique eventually begins to yield some interesting results .
Hilary
Highlighted
Highlighted by a gritty style and an excellent cast
Highlighted by a gritty style and an excellent cast , it 's better than one might expect when you look at the list of movies starring Ice-T in a major role .
competent ,
competent , unpretentious
more good-natured
as imaginative as one might have hoped
more ho-hum than ho-ho-ho
as inspiring
the extremely competent hitman
modus
, his most personal work yet .
Lovingly photographed in the manner of a Golden Book sprung to life , Stuart Little 2 manages sweetness largely without stickiness .
Lovingly photographed in the manner of a Golden Book sprung to life
Lovely and Amazing is Holofcener 's deep , uncompromising curtsy to women she knows , and very likely is . When all is said and done , she loves them to pieces -- and so , I trust
Lovely and Amazing
Lovingly
Lovely and Amazing is Holofcener 's deep , uncompromising curtsy to women she knows , and very likely is . When all is said and done , she loves them to pieces -- and so , I trust , will you .
Love Story
to triumphantly sermonize
, honest , and enjoyable comedy-drama
( Cuarón has ) created a substantive movie out of several cliched movie structures : the road movie , the coming-of-age movie , and the teenage sex comedy .
( Davis ) wants to cause his audience an epiphany
develop her own film language
develop her own film language with conspicuous success
new depths
develops a startling story that works both as a detailed personal portrait and as a rather frightening examination of modern times
never worry
-- quite a rarity , even in the family film market .
-- still , the derivative Nine Queens is lots of fun .
-- not a classic , but odd , entertaining and authentic
-- one that pushes the boundaries of biography , and challenges its audience .
-- pretty much aimed at any youngster who loves horses
-- people 's homes are extensions of themselves , and particularly eccentric people have particularly eccentric living spaces -- but his subjects are charmers .
somewhat satisfying
Brown Sugar is a satisfying well-made romantic comedy that 's both charming and well acted .
Brosnan is more feral in this film than I 've seen him before and Halle Berry does her best to keep up with him
Brosnan is more feral in this film than I 've seen him before and Halle Berry does her best to keep up with him .
are fine
unfamiliar personas give the film an intimate and quaint reality that is a little closer to human nature than what Hollywood typically concocts
every bit as fascinating
a fine documentary does best
a fine documentary
every frame of this stylish film that is able to visualize schizophrenia but is still confident enough to step back and look at the sick character with a sane eye
It takes you somewhere you 're not likely to have seen before , but beneath the exotic surface ( and exotic dancing ) it 's surprisingly old-fashioned .
It takes you somewhere
Italian Pinocchio
as thrilling
the effects of living a dysfunctionally privileged lifestyle
some of the best special effects
co-winner
, Kaufman 's script is still memorable for some great one-liners .
, Khouri then gets terrific performances from them all .
, McGrath crafts quite moving scenes throughout his resolutely dramatic variation on the novel .
, Mostly Martha could make Deutchland a popular destination for hungry tourists .
coheres into a sane and breathtakingly creative film
topical humour
some ingenious plot devices
as the story congeals you feel the pieces of the Star Wars saga falling into place in a way that makes your spine tingle with revelation and excitement .
feature-length
most humane and important Holocaust movies
narrative filmmaking with a visually masterful work of quiet power
wears its heart on the sleeve of its gaudy Hawaiian shirt
narrative discipline
, while nothing special , is pleasant , diverting and modest -- definitely a step in the right direction .
, while it may not rival the filmmaker 's period pieces , is still very much worth seeing
, wide-smiling reception
, with his brawny frame and cool , composed delivery , fits the bill perfectly
darling band Wilco
dark comedy
dark little morality tale
darned assured
darned if your toes wo n't still be tapping
while the humor aspects of ` Jason X ' were far more entertaining than I had expected
while the highly predictable narrative falls short , Treasure Planet is truly gorgeous to behold
while nothing special , is pleasant , diverting and modest -- definitely a step in the right direction .
thoughtful , provocative , insistently humanizing
bittersweet
to the actors ' perfect comic timing and sweet , genuine chemistry
to the apparent skills of its makers and the talents of its actors
of China 's now numerous , world-renowned filmmakers
of De Niro , McDormand and the other good actors
reducing our emotional stake in the outcome of '' Intacto 's '' dangerous and seductively stylish game
is fascinating , though
is fascinating ,
is fascinating , though , even if the movie itself does n't stand a ghost of a chance
is fascinating , though ,
through the eye , the heart , the mind
When the movie mixes the cornpone and the Cosa Nostra , it finds a nice rhythm .
When a movie has stuck around for this long
When a movie has stuck around for this long , you know there 's something there . It 's that good .
Whatever one makes of its political edge , this is beautiful filmmaking from one of French cinema 's master craftsmen .
Whatever heartwarming scene the impressively discreet filmmakers may have expected to record with their mini DV , they show a remarkable ability to document both sides of this emotional car-wreck .
is a good-hearted ensemble comedy with a variety of quirky characters and an engaging story .
is a good one
is a funny , puzzling movie ambiguous enough to be engaging and oddly moving
is a funny ( sometimes hilarious ) comedy with a deft sense of humor about itself , a playful spirit and a game cast
is a frighteningly fascinating contradiction .
is a frighteningly fascinating contradiction
is a genuinely bone-chilling tale .
is a genuinely bone-chilling tale
is a funny , puzzling movie ambiguous enough to be engaging and oddly moving .
quiet , introspective and entertaining independent
more accurately , it 's moving
more X
thriller , coupled with some arresting effects , incandescent tones and stupendous performances
thriller , coupled with some ingenious plot devices and some lavishly built settings . . it 's a worthwhile tutorial in quantum physics and slash-dash
better acting and a hilarious Kenneth Branagh
Catholic doctrine
Catch Me '' feels capable of charming the masses with star power , a pop-induced score and sentimental moments that have become a Spielberg trademark .
was influenced by some of the filmmakers who have directed him , especially the Coen brothers and Steven Soderbergh
was better than Saving Private Ryan
even the stuffiest cinema goers
even the stuffiest cinema goers will laugh their \*\*\* off for an hour-and-a-half
even more indistinct than it is were it not for the striking , quietly vulnerable personality of Ms. Ambrose
imaginative as one might have hoped
imaginative flight
imaginative filmmaking
imaginary
imagination and authentic Christmas spirit
some fine sex onscreen , and
curiosity factors
on Angelina Jolie 's surprising flair for self-deprecating comedy
the year 's best films
has the charisma of a young woman who knows how to hold the screen
has the charisma of a young woman who knows how to hold the screen .
has tackled a meaty subject and drawn engaging characters while peppering the pages with memorable zingers
has tackled a meaty subject and drawn engaging characters while peppering the pages with memorable zingers .
has something fascinating
has something fascinating to do
has something serious to say about the ways in which extravagant chance can distort our perspective and throw us off the path of good sense
has something serious to say about the ways in which extravagant chance can distort our perspective and throw us off the path of good sense .
then They works spectacularly well ... A shiver-inducing , nerve-rattling ride .
then found its sweet spot
an actual feature movie
an actual feature movie ,
feels as immediate as the latest news footage from Gaza and , because of its heightened , well-shaped dramas , twice as powerful
feels as immediate as the latest news footage from Gaza and , because of its heightened , well-shaped dramas , twice as powerful .
sparking debate and encouraging thought
spark genuine chemistry with Townsend
sparking debate and
sound great
is a rewarding one
most American love stories
morning-glory exuberant
morning-glory
A difficult but worthy film that bites off more than it can chew by linking the massacre of Armenians
A difficult but worthy film that bites off more than it can chew by linking the massacre of Armenians in 1915 with some difficult relationships in the present
A different movie -- sometimes tedious -- by a director many viewers would like to skip but film buffs should get to know .
A difficult but worthy film
A difficult but worthy film that bites off more than it can chew by linking the massacre
Strange it is , but delightfully so .
Strange it is , but delightfully so
a nice concept for its fiftysomething leading ladies
Strikes Back ... a majestic achievement , an epic of astonishing grandeur and surprising emotional depth
got its heart
the best film
the act is still charming here .
the benchmark
is truly going to inspire me
is truly stirring
is true
is truly
A brutal and funny work
and sometimes side-splittingly
and some unbelievably hilarious moments
and some lavishly built settings
and so expressive they can sustain the poetic flights in Burdette 's dialogue
and slam-bam action flicks
and simply the best family film of the year
and show-tunes plot
fascinating , unnerving examination
fascinate
fascinate in their recklessness
fascinating , bombshell documentary
the mainstream of filmmaking with an assurance worthy of international acclaim
a lot of fun with the material
a lot of good cheer
a lot of the virtues of
a lot of the virtues of Eastwood at his best .
fascinating , dark thriller
far more pointed and
far more interesting than the final destination
far from being yesterday 's news
far closer than many movies
, Home Movie will leave you wanting more , not to mention leaving you with some laughs and a smile on your face .
, Heaven proves to be a good match of the sensibilities of two directors .
, His Secret Life will leave you thinking
, Hoffman keeps us riveted with every painful nuance , unexpected flashes of dark comedy and the character 's gripping humanity .
, Home Movie is about the people who live in them , who have carved their own comfortable niche in the world and have been kind enough to share it .
twists to make the formula feel fresh .
the Big Boys in New York and L
, suspense and action
, sweating , mopping his face and generally displaying the wacky talent that brought him fame in the first place
, thanks to the topical issues it raises , the performances of Stewart and Hardy
, than Leigh has created a masterful piece of artistry right here
, thanks to some clever writing and sprightly acting
, that 's not always a bad thing
Gorgeous scenes , masterful performances
of the highest order
the Battle Bots
worthy follow-up
worthy entry
competent performers
competent performers from movies , television and the theater
complaining when a film clocks in around 90 minutes these days
Smart science fiction for grown-ups , with only a few false steps along the way .
Smart science
immensely entertaining look
imbued with passion and attitude .
immensely entertaining
imbued with passion and attitude
's both degrading and strangely liberating to see people working so hard at leading lives of sexy intrigue , only to be revealed by the dispassionate Gantz brothers as ordinary , pasty lumpen
's best served cold
's best
's betting her third feature will be something to behold
This 72-minute film does have some exciting scenes ,
This 72-minute film does have some exciting scenes
he gets the upper hand in matters of the heart
of the tooth and claw of human power
of the things that made the original Men in Black such a pleasure
As relationships shift , director Robert J . Siegel allows the characters to inhabit their world without cleaving to a narrative arc .
As refreshing as a drink from a woodland stream .
As the Mediterranean sparkles
Enriched
Enriched by a strong and unforced supporting cast
Enriched by a strong and unforced supporting cast .
Entertaining
Entertaining despite its one-joke premise with the thesis
Entertaining despite its one-joke premise with the thesis that women from Venus and men from Mars can indeed get together
Epps scores
Epps scores once or twice
( successful )
No doubt the star and everyone else involved had their hearts in the right place .
her skin
her natural likability
hence , storytelling is far more appealing
hence , storytelling
intelligent .
an absolute delight
intelligent high school
family-oriented
family entertainment
fantastical aspects
a light , yet engrossing piece . Lux , now in her eighties , does a great combination act as narrator , Jewish grandmother and subject -- taking us through a film that is part biography , part entertainment and part history .
it could be , by its art and heart , a necessary one .
amusing study
Some movies can get by without being funny simply by structuring the scenes as if they were jokes
's almost impossible not to be moved by the movie 's depiction of sacrifice and its stirring epilogue in post-Soviet Russia .
's almost impossible not to be moved by the movie 's depiction of sacrifice and its stirring epilogue in post-Soviet Russia
's a world-class actor with Confessions of a Dangerous Mind .
's a world-class actor with Confessions of a Dangerous Mind
's a vastness implied in Metropolis that is just breathtaking .
's a vastness implied in Metropolis that is just breathtaking
's a terrific American sports movie
's a sly wink to The Others without becoming a postmodern joke
The film may not hit as hard as some of the better drug-related pictures , but it still manages to get a few punches in
transform Caviezel into a movie star
transcends language
transcend the sex , drugs and show-tunes plot into something far richer
transcend any awards it bags . This is one for the ages
town
fine performances
fine performances , led by Josef Bierbichler as Brecht and Monica Bleibtreu as Helene Weigel , his wife
finds a way to lay bare the tragedies of its setting with a good deal of warmth and humor .
finds surprising depth in its look at the binds of a small family
fine acting
fine documentary
fine job
fine judges
fine judges both ,
denying the elaborateness of the artist 's conceptions , nor his ability to depict them with outrageous elan
Though few will argue that it ranks with the best of Herzog 's works , Invincible shows he 's back in form , with an astoundingly rich film .
Though few will argue that it ranks with the best of Herzog 's works
Though a capable thriller
Those who love Cinema Paradiso will find the new scenes interesting , but few will find the movie
Those who are n't put off by the film 's austerity will find it more than capable of rewarding them .
socially encompassing
Directed by Kevin Bray , whose crisp framing , edgy camera work , and wholesale ineptitude with acting , tone and pace very obviously mark him as a video helmer making his feature debut .
Diesel , with his brawny frame and cool , composed delivery , fits the bill perfectly
own touches
tequila bender
film grows on you . And how .
tender and touching
relentless , all-wise-guys-all-the-time approach
the inspiration
a strong case
The three leads produce adequate performances , but
fans should have fun meeting a brand-new Pokemon called Celebi .
fantasti
fantasy best sellers
a genuinely honest moment in their movie
's Lovely and Amazing , from her own screenplay , jumps to the head of the class of women 's films that manage to avoid the ghetto of sentimental chick-flicks by treating female follies with a satirical style .
's Lovely and Amazing ,
's Lovely and Amazing , from her own screenplay , jumps to the head of the class of women 's films that manage to avoid the ghetto of sentimental chick-flicks by treating female follies with a satirical style
's Quinn ( is ) a leather clad grunge-pirate with a hairdo like Gandalf in a wind-tunnel and a simply astounding cor-blimey-luv-a-duck cockney accent . '
's The Gift of the Magi relocated to the scuzzy underbelly of NYC 's drug scene . Merry friggin ' Christmas !
it makes most of what passes for sex in the movies look like cheap hysterics
garner the film a `` cooler '' PG-13 rating
it probably will enjoy themselves
be called a solid success , although there 's plenty of evidence here to indicate Clooney might have better luck next time
the only reason
the only possible complaint you could have about Spirited Away is that there is no rest period , no timeout
the pieces of the Star Wars saga falling into place in a way that makes your spine tingle with revelation and excitement
the pitfalls
should be the lighter-than-air adventure
becoming
jump-in-your-seat moment
jump-in-your-seat
juicy writer
the glory days of Weekend and Two or Three Things
is conversational bordering on confessional
is complex from the start -- and , refreshingly , stays that way
is complex from the start -- and , refreshingly , stays that way .
in crisis -- and of two girls whose friendship is severely tested by bad luck and their own immaturity
For most of its footage , the new thriller proves that director M. Night Shyamalan can weave an eerie spell and that Mel Gibson can gasp , shudder and even tremble without losing his machismo .
in dazzling panoramic shots that make the most of the large-screen format , before swooping down on a string of exotic locales , scooping the whole world up in a joyous communal festival of rhythm
in delivering a dramatic slap in the face that 's simultaneously painful and refreshing
irresistibly
ironically killer soundtrack
irresistible blend
involving Aragorn 's dreams of Arwen , this is even better than The Fellowship . There are scenes of cinematic perfection that steal your heart away .
involving in its bold presentation
Take any 12-year-old boy to see this picture
the sentimental oh-those-wacky-Brits genre
cinema 's directorial giants
His healthy sense
cinematic fluidity and sense
thematically and stylistically
bravely treads where few American films dare to delve -- into the world of ambivalence and ambiguity ...
bravely treads where few American films dare to delve -- into the world of ambivalence and ambiguity
then Blood Work is for you .
breath-taking
breakthrough role
Goyer 's screenplay and direction are thankfully understated , and he has drawn excellent performances from his cast
davis has energy ,
in dire need of a Diesel fix
super-cool , and definitely
An often watchable , though goofy and lurid , blast of a costume drama
An often watchable , though goofy and lurid , blast of a costume drama set in the late 15th century .
An intriguing look at the French film industry during the German occupation ; its most delightful moments come when various characters express their quirky inner selves .
An old-fashioned scary movie , one that relies on lingering terror punctuated by sudden shocks and not constant bloodshed
An old-fashioned scary movie , one that relies on lingering terror punctuated by sudden shocks and not constant bloodshed punctuated by flying guts .
An old-fashioned scary movie ,
An original little film
An original little film about one young woman
proves she has the stuff to stand tall with Pryor , Carlin and Murphy
proves she has the stuff to stand tall with Pryor , Carlin and Murphy .
proves that director M . Night Shyamalan can weave an eerie spell and that Mel Gibson can gasp , shudder and even tremble without losing his machismo
proves itself a more streamlined and thought out encounter than the original could ever have hoped to be
all vintage-TV spinoffs
plateau
even though her performance is more interesting ( and funnier ) than his
all was , and started doing nothing but reacting to it - feeling a part of its grand locations , thinking urgently as the protagonists struggled , feeling at the mercy of its inventiveness , gasping at its visual delights
all three sides of his story with a sensitivity and an inquisitiveness reminiscent of Truffaut
all their collaborators are entitled to take a deep bow for fashioning an engrossing entertainment out of an almost sure-fire prescription for a critical and commercial disaster .
awesome
awesome action photography
backed by a likable cast
does n't disappoint .
does n't drag an audience down
does n't connect in a neat way , but introduces characters who illuminate mysteries of sex , duty and love
does n't follow the stale , standard , connect-the-dots storyline which has become commonplace in movies that explore the seamy underbelly of the criminal world
does n't flinch from its unsettling prognosis , namely , that the legacy of war is a kind of perpetual pain
the original 's
compelling as it is exotic , fast runner has a plot that rivals shakespeare for intrigue , treachery and murder .
the magic he 's spun with the Hollywood empress of Ms . Leoni 's Ellie
The 70-year-old Godard
the magic of author J . K . Rowling 's books
does a fine job of capturing the climate of the times and , perhaps unwittingly , relating it to what is happening in America in 2002
will guarantee to have you leaving the theater with a smile on your face
the recording sessions
the recording sessions are intriguing
anything but frustrating ,
the action as gripping
the nation
fast , funny
fashioned an absorbing look at provincial bourgeois French society
Damon and
lot funnier
lot more fun
hard-hitting
worth seeing for Ambrose 's performance .
earnest racial-issues picture
saving
savvy director
earnest and well-meaning , and so stocked with talent , that you almost forget the sheer
savvy director robert
earnest and well-meaning , and so stocked with talent ,
earnest and well-meaning , and so stocked with talent
savvy director robert j .
savvy director robert j . siegel
savvy director robert j . siegel and
savvy director robert j . siegel and his co-writers keep the story subtle and us in suspense
savvy director robert j . siegel and his co-writers keep the story subtle and us in suspense .
As it turns out , you can go home again .
only because Bullock and Grant were made to share the silver screen .
to demonstrate the virtues of the IMAX format
to build an uncommonly human character , an almost real-live girl complete with trouble and hope
to be moved by the movie 's depiction of sacrifice and its stirring epilogue in post-Soviet Russia
to be part of the action , the wallpaper of his chosen reality . Here , thankfully
the next Texas Chainsaw Massacre .
the nervy originality
the nervy originality of its groundbreaking small-screen progenitor
a strict reality
that embraces the time-honored truth that the most powerful thing in life is
told with the intricate preciseness of the best short story writing .
that could touch anyone regardless of their familiarity with the sport
that delivers
that despite its overt self-awareness , parts of the movie still manage to break past the artifice and thoroughly engage you
is a compliment to Kuras and Miller
of genuine wit
of generating Oscar talk
of gal-pal smart talk , romantic comedy and dark tragedy
a crazy work of disturbed genius or
the simplicity
the simplicity of the storytelling and the authenticity of the performances
convey grief and hope
convey more substance despite its repetitions and inconsistencies than do most films than
conveys both the pitfalls and the pleasures of over-the-top love
conveys both the pitfalls and the pleasures of over-the-top love .
conveys the heaving passion of Puccini 's famous love-jealousy - murder-suicide fandango with great cinematic innovation
a bright future ahead of him
Though there 's a clarity of purpose and even-handedness to the film 's direction
a brief amount
should see this movie
average kid-empowerment fantasy
The film has the high-buffed gloss and high-octane jolts you expect of De Palma , but what makes it transporting is that it 's also one of the smartest
tolerance and diversity
The movie 's captivating details are all in the performances , from Foreman 's barking-mad Taylor to Thewlis 's smoothly sinister Freddie and Bettany\/McDowell 's hard-eyed gangster .
The movie 's captivating details
delving
delivers without sham the raw-nerved story .
for everybody who wants to be a kid again , or show it to their own kids
for director Sprecher
for director Sam Mendes , who segues from Oscar winner to Oscar-winning potential with a smooth sleight of hand
for both adults and kids .
screenwriter Charlie Kaufman ,
fleetingly interesting
take this film at face value
take this film at face value and enjoy its slightly humorous and tender story
take on the upscale lifestyle
: informative , revealing and richly entertaining
paths worth following
passionate adaptation of Graham Greene 's 1955 novel
passionate
the most politically audacious films of recent decades
be cleverer , better written and of
be compelling
entirely wholesome )
filled with authority
long enough to read the subtitles
long-lived friendships
entirely persuasive
she creates for her characters
under or barrel
's a pleasure to have a film like The Hours as an alternative .
's a love story as sanguine as its title
's a nice girl-buddy movie once it gets rock-n-rolling
's a nice girl-buddy movie
's a pleasure to have a film like The Hours as an alternative
has been given a loving screen transferral
has constructed a remarkably coherent , horrifically vivid snapshot of those turbulent days
has constructed a remarkably coherent , horrifically vivid snapshot of those turbulent days .
has brilliantly updated his source and grasped its essence , composing a sorrowful and hilarious tone poem about alienated labor , or an absurdist workplace sitcom
an exhilarating exploration
in an era dominated by cold , loud special-effects-laden extravaganzas , one is struck less by its lavish grandeur than by its intimacy and precision .
novel charm
works on some levels and is certainly worth seeing at least once .
works on some levels and
works out
please people
to the service of a vision of the past that is faithful to both architectural glories and commanding open spaces of the city as it was more than two centuries ago
pleasant , diverting and modest
love for the movies of the 1960s
love Moore or
love Moore or loathe him , you 've got to admire ... the intensity with which he 's willing to express his convictions
An Inuit masterpiece that will give you goosebumps as its uncanny tale of love , communal discord , and justice unfolds .
pays tribute
An Inuit masterpiece
Enjoy it
Enjoy it for what it is ;
Exquisitely acted and masterfully if preciously interwoven ...
Exquisitely acted and masterfully if preciously interwoven ... ( the film ) addresses in a fascinating , intelligent manner the intermingling of race , politics and local commerce
Fans of the animated wildlife adventure show will be in warthog heaven ;
Fans of the animated wildlife adventure show will be in warthog heaven ; others need not necessarily apply
enthronement
funny look
funny little film
funny level
funny in the middle of sad in the middle of hopeful
funny situations and honest observations
funny situations and
funny situations
funny scenes
funny without hitting below the belt
funny thrill
an example of the kind of lush , all-enveloping movie experience it rhapsodizes
, it has some special qualities and the soulful gravity of Crudup 's anchoring performance .
an event that has to be seen to be believed
would be envious of
an enjoyable family film
an enjoyable family film -- pretty much aimed at any youngster who loves horses
an epic documentary
an even more interesting , less symmetrical , less obviously cross-shaped creation
marvelous ,
marvelous
marvelous , merry and , yes , melancholy film .
marvelous , merry and , yes , melancholy film
marvelous , merry and , yes , melancholy
this barbed and bracing comedy on the big screen
masterpiece
masterfully
Tully is worth a look for its true-to-life characters , its sensitive acting , its unadorned view of rural life and the subtle direction of first-timer Hilary Birmingham .
Tunney , brimming with coltish , neurotic energy , holds the screen like a true star .
Twenty years after its first release , E . T . remains the most wondrous of all Hollywood fantasies -- and the apex of Steven Spielberg 's misunderstood career .
this barbed and bracing comedy
certainly clever in spots
certainly delivers the goods
they will almost certainly be fascinated , and undoubtedly delighted
they will almost certainly be fascinated , and undoubtedly delighted .
finest films
an especially poignant portrait
finely written
`` Spider-Man '' certainly
fine effort
fine character study
an especially poignant portrait of her friendship
A blessed gift to film geeks and historians .
a serious exploration of nuclear terrorism
from Lang 's Metropolis , Welles ' Kane , and Eisenstein 's Potemkin
a serious contender
a serious contender for the title
a serious drama
is a film that defies categorisation . It haunts , horrifies , startles and fascinates ; it is impossible to look away . Ah yes , and then there 's the music ...
: fast , furious and full
Up
Yeah , these flicks are just that damn good .
is a gentle film with dramatic punch , a haunting ode to humanity
is a fine , understated piece of filmmaking .
modern-day royals
naturalistic '
boasts some tart TV-insider humor
13 Conversations About One Thing '' is an intelligent flick that examines many different ideas from happiness to guilt in an intriguing bit of storytelling .
modern day family parable
modern art
feel the screenwriter at every moment ` Tap
Parents may even find that it goes by quickly , because it has some of the funniest jokes of any movie this year , including those intended for adults
modern masculine journey
modern moviemaking
bodacious
nature and family warmth
an addictive guilty pleasure
an actual story
A fine effort , an interesting topic , some intriguing characters and a sad ending
A fun
a loosely autobiographical story brushed with sentimentality but brimming with gentle humor ,
what Hibiscus grandly called his ` angels of light
A film of delicate interpersonal dances .
And more than that , it 's an observant , unfussily poetic meditation about identity and alienation .
a good , if not entirely fresh , look at war .
a glorious spectacle
royally
we 'd live in if Argento 's Hollywood counterparts ... had this much imagination and nerve
we 'll keep watching the skies for his next project
way original
by Julia Roberts
at its best .
at its finest
at its best
by Laurice Guillen
The Road to Perdition leads to a satisfying destination
The Road to Perdition
The Road Warrior
The Road
The Rising Place that would set it apart from other Deep South stories
being funny
being fun
displays impeccable comic skill
displays something more important
A compelling , moving film that respects its audience and its source material
Care deftly captures the wonder and menace of growing up , but
Care deftly captures the wonder and menace of growing up ,
Care deftly captures the wonder and menace of growing up
seem to understand what made Allen 's romantic comedies so pertinent and enduring
to its superior cast
to watch them because you ca n't wait to see what they do next
as there are moviegoers anxious to see strange young guys doing strange guy things
loud and thoroughly
victorious revolutionaries
Showtime is nevertheless efficiently amusing for a good while .
in picking apart human foibles , not afraid to lay her life bare in front of an audience .
A deceivingly simple film ,
Mr. Scorsese 's bravery and integrity in advancing this vision
Mr. Schnitzler proves himself a deft pace master and stylist .
Mr. Scorsese 's
Mr. Scorsese 's bravery and integrity in advancing this vision can hardly be underestimated .
the film is the cast , particularly the Ya-Yas themselves .
you 're burnt out on It 's a Wonderful Life marathons and bored with A Christmas Carol , it might just be the movie you 're looking for .
you 're engulfed by it .
you 're in a slap-happy mood
you 're gonna like this movie
A comprehensive and provocative film -- one that pushes the boundaries of biography , and challenges its audience
vibrant introduction
a decent-enough nail-biter that stands a good chance of being the big hit franklin
a decent-enough nail-biter that stands a good chance of being the big hit franklin needs to stay afloat in hollywood
a decent-enough
a decent-enough nail-biter
a decent popcorn
a decent popcorn adventure
a decent
only be applauded
vibrant charm
a decent-enough nail-biter that stands a good chance of being the big hit franklin needs to stay afloat in hollywood .
realistically
realistically drawn characterizations
really asks you to take these great leaps of faith and pays off
realize intuitively that even morality is reduced to an option by the ultimate mysteries of life and death
really deliver the delicious guilty pleasure of the better film versions
really help clear up the case
actually has something interesting to say
itself is far from disappointing , offering an original
nervy originality
it suits the script
it summons more spirit and bite than your average formulaic romantic quadrangle
it starts to become good .
He does this so well you do n't have the slightest difficulty accepting him in the role .
He can scale a building like a super hero , he can out-stealth any agent ,
He can scale a building like a super hero , he can out-stealth any agent , he 'll get the girl
He can scale a building like a super hero , he can out-stealth any agent
He drags it back , single-handed .
intermittently wise
the finest films
subtleties
subtle and well-crafted
subtle and so expressive they can sustain the poetic flights in Burdette 's dialogue
subtle strength
subtle plot maneuvers
is that rare animal known as ' a perfect family film , '
is that rare animal known as ' a perfect family film , ' because it 's about family .
is that rare animal known as ' a perfect family film
is that rare animal known as ' a perfect family film ,
is that it has none of the pushiness and decibel volume of most contemporary comedies .
is that it 's too close to real life to make sense . What 's invigorating about it is that it does n't give a damn .
Instead of simply handling conventional material in a conventional way , Secretary takes the most unexpected material and handles it in the most unexpected way .
some effective moments
some episodes that rival vintage Looney Tunes for the most creative mayhem in a brief amount of time
Mostly Martha '' is a bright , light modern day family parable that wears its heart on its sleeve for all to see .
one of the greatest plays of the last 100 years
one of the best-sustained ideas I have ever seen on the screen
one of cinema 's directorial giants
one of Demme 's good films
one of my greatest pictures , Drunken Master
not stereotyped
not stereotyped --
not only than a frighteningly capable debut and genre piece , but also a snapshot of a dangerous political situation on the verge of coming to a head
not only what that mind looks like , but how the creative process itself operates
not once , but three times in this animated sweet film
sometimes inspiring ,
sometimes interesting
seem to be surefire casting
something with potential
, with humor , warmth , and intelligence , captures a life interestingly lived
, with its celeb-strewn backdrop well used .
, winning , if languidly paced ,
, wistful new film
fantastic
fancy
fantastic kathy
most good-hearted yet
most good-hearted yet sensual
far more entertaining
far more satisfying
most flamboyant female comics
most genuinely sweet
most exciting
Inside the film 's conflict-powered plot there is a decent moral trying to get out , but it 's not that , it 's the tension that keeps you in your seat
the kind of intimate and character-driven film
with results that are sometimes bracing , sometimes baffling and quite often ,
with restraint and a delicate ambiguity
with really solid performances by Ving Rhames and Wesley Snipes .
with really solid performances by Ving Rhames and Wesley Snipes
with real world events
with real thematic heft
with raw urban humor
the word perfectly
a major opportunity to be truly revelatory about his psyche
the point of real interest -
the point of real interest - --
still plentiful
seem to be introverted young men with fantasy fetishes
still pretty tasty
still retains a soft spot for precollegiate humor
It 's nice to see Piscopo again after all these years
Harris commands the screen , using his frailty to suggest the ravages of a life of corruption and ruthlessness .
Hardly an objective documentary , but it 's great cinematic polemic ... love Moore or loathe him , you 've got to admire ... the intensity with which he 's willing to express his convictions .
Hardly an objective documentary , but it 's great cinematic polemic ... love Moore or loathe him , you 've got to admire ... the intensity with which he 's willing to express his convictions
Hardly an objective documentary , but it 's great cinematic polemic ...
Hardly an objective documentary , but it 's great cinematic polemic
Hardly a masterpiece , but it introduces viewers to a good charitable enterprise and some interesting real people .
real '' portions of the film
a convincing case
a convincing case that one woman 's broken heart outweighs all the loss we witness
a convincing case for the relevance of these two 20th-century footnotes
the adjective ` gentle
wry and engrossing
a splash even greater than Arnold Schwarzenegger , Jean-Claud Van Damme or Steven Segal
a splash even greater
a solid , if somewhat heavy-handed , account of the near-disaster
a solid , if somewhat heavy-handed , account of the near-disaster ... done up by Howard with a steady , if not very imaginative , hand
a sophisticated , funny and good-natured treat , slight but a pleasure
a sophisticated , funny and good-natured treat
sleekness
reflecting the character 's instability with a metaphorical visual style and an unnerving , heartbeat-like score
Bogdanovich taps deep into the Hearst mystique
Bogdanovich taps deep into the Hearst mystique , entertainingly reenacting a historic scandal .
Bogdanovich puts history in perspective and , via Kirsten Dunst 's remarkable performance , he showcases Davies as a young woman of great charm , generosity and diplomacy .
Bogdanovich puts history in perspective and , via Kirsten Dunst 's remarkable performance , he showcases Davies as a young woman of great charm , generosity and diplomacy
Bogdanovich puts history in perspective
A poignant , artfully crafted meditation on mortality .
of those rare pictures
breathtakingly
breathtakingly designed
of those rare docs that paints a grand picture of an era and makes the journey feel like a party
a measure of style
simply a triumph of the indomitable human will to rebel , connect and create
the breathtakingly beautiful outer-space documentary Space Station 3D
the brilliant surfing photography bringing you right inside the massive waves that lifts Blue Crush into one of the summer 's most pleasurable movies
the brilliant surfing photography
the broader vision that has seen certain Trek films
` Santa Clause 2 ' is wondrously creative .
accomplished here
absorbing narrative
abundance
` Stock up on silver bullets for director Neil Marshall 's intense freight train of a film . '
the playful paranoia of the film 's past
regard
many laughs in this interesting study of the cultural mores of Georgian Jews in Tel Aviv
the pleasure of his sounds and images
many laughs
many charming moments
fine , old-fashioned-movie movie
filmmaking from one of French cinema 's master craftsmen
championship
finds one of our most conservative and hidebound movie-making traditions and gives it new texture , new relevance , new reality
finds one of our most conservative and hidebound movie-making traditions and gives it new texture , new relevance , new reality .
finds warmth
fine , focused
fine , focused piece
fine , nuanced lead performances
it is truly stirring
it is welcome to see a Chinese film depict a homosexual relationship in a mature and frank fashion
the place where a masterpiece should be
the players it brings to the fore for the gifted but no-nonsense human beings they are and for the still-inestimable contribution they have made to our shared history
skirts that rapidly deteriorating line between fantasy and reality ...
slapstick antics
slick
most legendary
as the old saying goes , because it 's true
theater
keeps you diverted and best of all
keep one glued to the screen
keenly observed
suggest possibilities which imbue the theme with added depth and resonance
, funny and touching
, fun-for-fun 's - sake communal spirit goes to the essence of Broadway .
, funny , rather chaotic
, fulfills one facet of its mission in making me want to find out whether , in this case , that 's true
, full-bodied performance gives this aging series a much needed kick ,
, generous and subversive artworks
extra little something
extraordinary faith
extraordinary access
runs through Balzac and the Little Chinese Seamstress that transforms this story about love and culture into a cinematic poem
as good or better than in the original
as good or
as faithful portraiture
as friends and lovers
as great an impact
a lot of emotional resonance
a lot of good material
a lot about a filmmaker when he can be wacky without clobbering the audience over the head and still maintain a sense of urgency and suspense
a lot more
negativity is a rare treat that shows the promise of digital filmmaking .
the concentration
as funny for grown-ups as for rugrats
Rodriguez does a splendid job of racial profiling Hollywood style -- casting excellent Latin actors of all ages -- a trend long overdue .
Robinson 's web of suspense matches the page-turning frenzy that Clancy creates .
Robinson 's web of suspense
Rocky and
Robin Tunney
a departure from the noble characters he has played in the past
revel in those visual in-jokes , as in the film 's verbal pokes at everything from the likes of Miramax chief Harvey Weinstein 's bluff personal style to the stylistic rigors of Denmark 's Dogma movement
reveals how we all need a playful respite from the grind to refresh our souls
reveals how we all need a playful respite from the grind to refresh our souls .
been a more compelling excuse to pair Susan Sarandon and Goldie Hawn
A serious movie with serious ideas .
A serviceable Euro-trash action extravaganza ,
A serviceable Euro-trash action extravaganza , with a decent sense of humor and plenty of things that go boom
A sense of real magic , perhaps
A sense of real magic , perhaps .
A serious movie with serious ideas
recognized
A serviceable Euro-trash action extravaganza , with a decent sense of humor and plenty of things that go boom --
A serviceable Euro-trash action extravaganza , with a decent sense of humor and plenty of things that go boom -- handguns , BMWs and seaside chateaus
been more charming than in About a Boy
been one of the more daring and surprising American movies of the year
been immersed in a foreign culture only to find that human nature is pretty much the same all over
Beyond the cleverness , the weirdness and the pristine camerawork , One Hour Photo is a sobering meditation on why we take pictures .
a filmmaker of impressive talent
a film that hews out a world and carries us effortlessly from darkness to light
a film to be taken literally on any level
a filmmaker when he can be wacky without clobbering the audience over the head and still maintain a sense of urgency and suspense
a filmmaker with a bright future ahead of him
as fresh
It 's rare that a movie can be as intelligent as this one is in every regard except its storyline ;
It 's provocative stuff
It 's provocative stuff ,
Gangster No . 1 is solid , satisfying fare for adults .
it emerges as another key contribution to the flowering of the South Korean cinema
was a roaring success when it was released eight years ago
the 1999 hit
wickedly funny and just plain wicked
simultaneously harrowing and uplifting
wickedly funny
wicked black comedy
wicked
wide-eyed
quiet , introspective and entertaining
quietly inspirational
Walken especially
` top of the world '
daring as John Ritter 's glory days
Ourside the theatre Roger might be intolerable company , but inside it he 's well worth spending some time with .
like the Vincent Price horror classics of the '60s
Ourside the theatre Roger might be intolerable company , but inside it he 's well worth spending some time with
you sweat
are easy to forgive because the intentions are lofty
into a poem of art , music and metaphor
kind of terrific
kind of an authentic feel
kinetic enough to engross even the most antsy youngsters
kinky fun
into a cinematic poem
influenced by some of the filmmakers who have directed him , especially the Coen brothers and Steven Soderbergh
sure the filmmakers found this a remarkable and novel concept
now we 've got something pretty damn close
now numerous , world-renowned filmmakers
is best for the stunning star
is beginning to feel
is better than you might think
is better than you might think .
is better-focused than the incomprehensible Anne Rice novel it 's based upon
are crisp and purposeful without overdoing it
a touching reflection
that 's too random and inconclusive to be compelling , but which Hoffman 's brilliance
very ambitious
very ambitious project
lavishly built settings . .
laughs while the little ones get a fuzzy treat . '
laughs while the little ones get a fuzzy treat
lay her life bare in front of an audience
layered performance
overcome his personal obstacles and
overall feelings , broader ideas
overall feelings , broader ideas ,
original film
original inspiration
original story
a cruel but weirdly likable WASP matron
a creative urge
a crack ensemble cast , bringing screenwriter Tony Gayton 's narcotics noir to life
a creative sequel
George Hickenlooper 's
on an emotional level , funnier , and on the whole less
on equal parts of innocence and wisdom -- wisdom that comes with experience
's the perfect star vehicle for Grant , allowing him to finally move away from his usual bumbling , tongue-tied screen persona
's the perfect star vehicle for Grant ,
's the perfect star vehicle for Grant
's the filmmakers ' post-camp comprehension of what made old-time B movies good-bad that makes Eight Legged Freaks a perfectly entertaining summer diversion
are equal parts poetry and politics , obvious at times but evocative and heartfelt .
Deserves a place of honor next to Nanook as a landmark in film history .
Deserves a place of honor next to Nanook as a landmark in film history
Deserves a place of honor next to Nanook
Deserves a place of honor
Comedian , like its subjects , delivers the goods and audiences will have a fun , no-frills ride .
Combines improbable melodrama ( gored bullfighters , comatose ballerinas ) with subtly kinky bedside vigils and sensational denouements , and yet at the end , we are undeniably touched .
Combine the paranoid claustrophobia of a submarine movie with the unsettling spookiness of the supernatural -- why did n't Hollywood think of this sooner ?
weaves this novelistic story of entangled interrelationships and complex morality .
weaves this novelistic story of entangled interrelationships and complex morality
weaves a carefully balanced scenario that is controlled by neither character , is weirdly sympathetic to both and manages to be tender and darkly comic .
about motives and context , which drains it of the dramatic substance that would shake us in our boots ( or cinema seats )
about mad queens , obsessive relationships , and rampant adultery
about it will stay with you
Surprisingly powerful and universal
Sure , it 's contrived and predictable , but its performances are so well tuned that the film comes off winningly , even though it 's never as solid as you want it to be
Sure , it 's contrived and predictable , but its performances are so well tuned that the film comes off winningly , even though it 's never as solid as you want it to be .
Susan Sarandon , Dustin Hoffman and Holly Hunter ,
Surprisingly powerful and universal .
from the margin that gives viewers a chance to learn , to grow , to travel
from the people laughing in the crowd
particular interest to students and enthusiast
paced to be a thriller .
paced to be a thriller . ( But it 's )
overcomes the regular minefield of coming-of-age cliches
out-stealth any agent ,
throw elbows when necessary
thus
Still , this flick is fun , and host to some truly excellent sequences .
for fun-seeking summer audiences
it all seems to be happening for the first time
a Kiss wants desperately to come off as a fanciful film about the typical problems of average people .
between the fantastic and the believable
between commerce and creativity
between following one 's heart and following the demands of tradition
simple title
sprightly spin
serves as a painful elegy and sobering cautionary tale
Has all the poignancy of a Hallmark card and all the comedy of a Gallagher stand-up act
you can do something fun tonight
sincerely crafted picture
sing beautifully and
All ends well , sort of ,
All in all , Reign of Fire will be a good ( successful ) rental . '
worthwhile
Triumph
Treasure Planet is better-than-average family entertainment
Touched by an Angel
Touched
Too sincere to exploit its subjects and too honest to manipulate its audience
Too sincere to exploit its subjects
nuanced in mood tics and dialogue
now it is time for their first public recital .
now 82 , to find a way to bend current technique to the service of a vision of the past that is faithful to both architectural glories and commanding open spaces of the city as it was more than two centuries ago
novelistic story
energetic , violent movie
energetic and original
enduring strengths
energized
his large cast in beautifully articulated portrayals
his finest American film
real treat
real triumphs
real winner
realistic performances
seeing justice served
Only two words will tell you what you know when deciding to see it : Anthony . Hopkins .
Only an epic documentary could get it all down , and Spike Lee 's Jim Brown : All American at long last gives its subject a movie worthy of his talents .
Only an epic documentary
Only an epic documentary could get it all down
One scarcely needs the subtitles to enjoy this colorful action farce .
One of those rare , exhilarating cinematic
One of those rare , exhilarating cinematic delights that gets even better in hindsight , as you mull over its every nuance in your mind .
a lot of tension
a lot of flavor and spice
with a great , fiery passion
a lot of their time ( including mine ) on something very inconsequential
to be interesting
a brilliant , honest
a brilliant , honest performance
realistic and greatly moving
recommend
reasonable
cinematic knack
cinematic poet
cinematic poet of the workplace
cinematic razzle-dazzle
cinematically powerful
what punk rock music used to be
that does everything but issue you a dog-tag and an M-16
that deserves to be considered as a possible successor to the best European directors
that draws a picture of a man for whom political expedience became a deadly foreign policy
that does n't waste a moment
its characters all the more touching for refusing to pity or memorialize themselves .
its deft portrait of Tinseltown 's seasoned veterans
scored to perfection with some tasty boogaloo beats
scope and detail
Director Tom Dey demonstrated a knack for mixing action and idiosyncratic humor in his charming 2000 debut Shanghai Noon
Director Lee has a true cinematic knack , but it 's also nice to see a movie with its heart so thoroughly , unabashedly on its sleeve .
Director Roger Kumble offers just enough sweet and traditional romantic comedy to counter the crudity .
Director Roger Kumble offers just enough sweet and traditional romantic comedy to counter the crudity . And there 's the inimitable Diaz , holding it all together .
Director Roger Kumble offers just enough sweet and traditional romantic comedy to counter the crudity . And there 's the inimitable Diaz , holding it all together
make the most of its own ironic implications
fails to have a heart , mind or humor of its own
so intriguing that you find yourself staring hypnotically at her , trying to understand her and wondering if she 'll crack
so good as Leon Barlow
so intriguing
so expressive they can sustain the poetic flights in Burdette 's dialogue
so fanatically fetishized every bizarre old-movie idiosyncrasy with such monastic devotion you 're not sure if you should applaud or look into having him committed
so blisteringly defined , that every other character seems overlooked and underwritten .
( Jeff 's ) gorgeous , fluid compositions ,
( Jeff 's ) gorgeous , fluid compositions , underlined by Neil Finn and Edmund McWilliams 's melancholy music , are charged with metaphor , but rarely easy , obvious or self-indulgent .
( Jeff 's ) gorgeous ,
( Jeff 's ) gorgeous , fluid compositions
( Jeff 's ) gorgeous
( Jaglom 's ) better efforts
as the reason why people get a kick out of watching them today
as there are plenty of laughs and good lines for everyone in this comedy
as well as some very welcome wit
makes up for in heart what it lacks in outright newness
makes the heart soar
makes the formula fresh again
makes this `` Two Weddings and a Funeral '' fun
makes the movie work -- to an admittedly limited extent -- is the commitment of two genuinely engaging performers .
makes the movie work -- to an admittedly limited extent -- is the commitment of two genuinely engaging performers
Give Shapiro , Goldman , and Bolado credit for good intentions ,
Give Shapiro , Goldman , and Bolado credit for good intentions , but
Give Shapiro , Goldman , and Bolado credit for good intentions
seem smart and well-crafted
seem self-consciously poetic and
Marisa Tomei is good ,
with a goofy energy
that few movies are able to accomplish
with a game supporting cast
light-hearted way
este fato com elegante abandono , numa triste constatação da realidade histórica
A charming and funny story of clashing cultures and a clashing mother\/daughter relationship
Enigma is well-made ,
Enigma is well-made
) homage
, and in spite of numerous minor flaws , Scorsese 's best in more than a decade .
, and how it can resonate far beyond museum walls and through to the most painfully marginal lives
, and he has drawn excellent performances from his cast .
, and he is matched by Schweig , who carries the film on his broad , handsome shoulders .
er , bubbly
equal parts of innocence and wisdom -- wisdom that comes with experience
escape the shackles of its own clichés to be the best espionage picture to come out in weeks
come during that final , beautiful scene
come by once in a while with flawless amounts of acting , direction , story and pace
come from the script 's insistence on providing deep emotional motivation for each and every one of Abagnale 's antics
really solid
is filled with strange and wonderful creatures .
is filled with strange and wonderful creatures
is filled with raw emotions conveying despair and love
is faster , livelier and a good deal funnier than his original .
is faster , livelier and a good deal funnier than his original
is fine
laugh riot
laugh-out-loud funny
i have two words to say about reign of fire . great dragons
i like it . there
laugh if a tuba-playing dwarf rolled down a hill in a trash can ? Do you chuckle at the thought of an ancient librarian whacking a certain part of a man 's body ? If you answered yes , by all means enjoy The New Guy
i like it
i like it . there is a freedom to watching stunts that are this crude , this fast-paced and this insane .
laughed so much
laughed so much that I did n't mind
us jump out of our seats
spot
glides gracefully from male persona to female without missing a beat
glides gracefully from male persona to female without missing a beat .
gloriously alive
glows with enthusiasm , sensuality and a conniving wit .
real-time rhythms
no man has gone before , but several movies have - take heart .
Interesting and thoroughly unfaithful version of Carmen
Interesting and thoroughly
Interesting and
Intermezzo strain
quintessentially American
An involving true story of a Chinese actor who takes up drugs and winds up in an institution -- acted mostly by the actual people involved .
An involving true story
An intriguing and entertaining introduction to Johnson .
An unbelievably fun film just a leading man away from perfection .
An unbelievably fun film
An unabashedly schmaltzy and thoroughly enjoyable true story .
An unabashedly schmaltzy and thoroughly enjoyable true story
Ana is a vivid , vibrant individual and the movie 's focus upon her makes it successful and accessible .
other feel-good fiascos like Antwone Fisher or
quiet treasure
quietly reflective
a confident , richly acted , emotionally devastating piece
a compliment to Kuras and
a compliment to Kuras
a confident , richly acted , emotionally devastating piece of work and 2002 's first great film
One of the best of the year .
you 'd be happy to listen to them reading the phone book
It 's quite another to feel physically caught up in the process
's mildly interesting
yet lacerating and darkly funny fable
you 're enlightened by any of Derrida 's
with enough charisma and audacity
you 're a connoisseur of psychological horror
her presence succeeds in making us believe
jumps through the expected hoops with style and even some depth
her passionate , tumultuous affair
her passionate , tumultuous affair with Musset
her petite frame and vulnerable persona emphasising her plight and isolation
minus the twisted humor and eye-popping visuals
the grand , intelligent entertainment of a superior cast playing smart people amid a compelling plot
is grand-scale moviemaking for a larger-than-life figure , an artist who has been awarded mythic status in contemporary culture .
this statement in an easily accessible way
the grand , intelligent entertainment
Polished
Polished Korean political-action film
cross between XXX and Vertical Limit .
that the movie will live up to the apparent skills of its makers and the talents of its actors
stand-up magic wanes . Hopkins , squarely fills the screen
real-life Hollywood fairy-tale
terrific as both men
for taking a fresh approach to familiar material
It 's plotless , shapeless -- and yet , it must be admitted , not entirely humorless . Indeed , the more outrageous bits achieve a shock-you-into-laughter intensity of almost Dadaist proportions .
for some robust and scary entertainment
gutsy and
the past year , which means that Birthday Girl is the kind of quirkily appealing minor movie she might not make for a while
by the time it 's done with us , Mira Nair 's new movie has its audience giddy with the delight of discovery , of having been immersed in a foreign culture only to find that human nature is pretty much the same all over .
by the time it 's done with us , Mira Nair 's new movie has its audience giddy with the delight of discovery
by the time it 's done with us , Mira Nair 's new movie has its audience giddy with the delight of discovery ,
by the time it 's done with us , Mira Nair 's new movie has its audience giddy with the delight of discovery , of having been immersed in a foreign culture only to find that human nature is pretty much the same all over
It 's pretty linear and only makeup-deep , but Bogdanovich ties it together with efficiency and an affection for the period .
it 's the work of an artist , one whose view of America , history and the awkwardness of human life is generous and deep
( Silver 's parrot has been replaced with Morph , a cute alien creature who mimics everyone and everything around )
faithful
fairytale
funny , harmless and
funny , harmless and as substantial
surprising , subtle
lavish period scenery
funniest jokes
funniest motion
funniest and most accurate
funniest and most accurate depiction
funny , charming and quirky
funny , harmless
funny ( sometimes hilarious )
funny ( sometimes hilarious ) comedy
an effective horror film
an effectively chilling guilty pleasure
an earnest debut
an earnest debut full of heartfelt performances
optimism
lies in the ease with which it integrates thoughtfulness and pasta-fagioli comedy
life , hand gestures ,
sometimes both
A charming but slight comedy
A charming but slight comedy .
A certain sexiness underlines even the dullest tangents .
A charmer
A charmer from Belgium
A charmer from Belgium .
a respectable sequel
nearly perfect in their roles
The messages of compassion and mercy are clearly , squarely and specifically expounded via computer animated Old Testament tale of Jonah and the Whale . Determined to be fun , and bouncy , with energetic musicals , the humor did n't quite engage this adult .
The messages of compassion and mercy are clearly , squarely and specifically expounded via computer animated Old Testament tale of Jonah and the Whale . Determined to be fun ,
The messages of compassion and mercy are clearly , squarely and specifically expounded via computer animated Old Testament tale of Jonah and the Whale . Determined to be fun , and
the film is never dull
comprehend the chasm of knowledge that 's opened between them
compliment
compliment to say that the film makes the viewer feel like the movie 's various victimized audience members after a while , but it also happens to be the movie 's most admirable quality
a more measured or polished production
a more measured or polished production ever could
love the way that it took chances and really asks you to take these great leaps of faith and pays off
love this documentary
love the way that it took chances and really asks you to take these great leaps of faith and pays off .
love what they do
love thyself '
a more colorful , more playful tone
a more down-home flavor
a more fascinating look at the future than '' Bladerunner
a more fascinating look at the future than '' Bladerunner ''
a more fascinating look at the future than '' Bladerunner '' and
a more fascinating look at the future than '' Bladerunner '' and one
of cinema . another great ` what you do n't see ' is much more terrifying than what you do
of cinematic entertainment
an engrossing story
an engaging and exciting narrative of Man confronting the Demons of his own fear and paranoia
an enjoyable choice
an engrossing thriller almost in spite of itself
an engrossing thriller
an engrossing story about a horrifying historical event and the elements which contributed to it
faith in the future
faithful to Melville 's plotline
precious and finely cut diamond
fly with most intelligent viewers
stunning technical achievement
stunningly
, XXX is a blast of adrenalin ,
, XXX is a blast of adrenalin , rated EEE for excitement .
, Yellow Asphalt is an uncompromising film .
, a dark little morality tale disguised as a romantic comedy .
, Washington has a sure hand .
, Washington has a sure hand . His work with actors is particularly impressive .
, Wendigo , Larry Fessenden 's spooky new thriller , is a refreshingly smart and newfangled variation on several themes derived from far less sophisticated and knowing horror films .
, Wendigo is a genuinely bone-chilling tale .
exceptional thriller
exceptional performances
exceptional detail
exceptional
, a hardy group of determined New Zealanders has proved its creative mettle .
exceptionally well-detailed characters
exceptionally well-detailed
exceptionally
has a sense of his audience
keeps you
has a real filmmaker 's eye .
the interior lives of the characters in his film
the intrigue from the TV series
The unique niche of self-critical , behind-the-scenes navel-gazing Kaufman
has a spark of life to it -- more than you can say for plenty of movies that flow through the Hollywood pipeline without a hitch
The unexplored story opportunities of '' Punch-Drunk Love '' may have worked against the maker 's minimalist intent but it is an interesting exercise by talented writer\/director Anderson .
sheerly beautiful
Babak Payami 's boldly quirky Iranian drama Secret Ballot ... a charming and evoking little ditty that manages to show the gentle and humane side of Middle Eastern world politics
Babak Payami 's boldly quirky Iranian drama Secret Ballot ...
Babak Payami 's boldly quirky Iranian drama Secret Ballot
explores the discomfort inherent in the contacts between the American ` hosts ' and their ` guests
explores his characters ' crises with seriousness and compassion
explode
explicit
expertly weaves this novelistic story of entangled interrelationships and complex morality .
too slight to be called any kind of masterpiece . It is , however , a completely honest , open-hearted
If it 's possible for a sequel to outshine the original , then SL2 does just that .
If nothing else , this movie introduces a promising , unusual kind of psychological horror .
If this movie were a book , it would be a page-turner
If this movie were a book , it would be a page-turner , you ca n't wait to see what happens next .
is destined to be the 21st Century 's new `` Conan '' and that he 's going to make a splash even greater than Arnold Schwarzenegger , Jean-Claud Van Damme or Steven Segal .
is destined to be the 21st Century 's new `` Conan '' and that he 's going to make a splash even greater than Arnold Schwarzenegger , Jean-Claud Van Damme or Steven Segal
ashamed in admitting that my enjoyment came at the expense of seeing justice served , even if it 's a dish that 's best served cold
with daring and verve
a tight , focused performance illuminated by shards of feeling
the cast has a lot of fun with the material .
a tight , focused performance
the central performers are experienced actors
to enjoy yourselves without feeling conned
interesting and likable
interesting , even sexy premise
interesting character to begin with
interesting character
interesting developments
interesting concept
interesting matters
interesting meditation
interesting matters of identity and heritage
over the past year , which means that Birthday Girl is the kind of quirkily appealing minor movie she might not make for a while
who build a seamless ensemble . There is n't a weak or careless performance
who can now add movies to the list of things he does well
lets you brush up against the humanity of a psycho
Watching these eccentrics is both inspiring and pure joy .
let Crocodile Hunter Steve Irwin do what he does best ,
let Crocodile Hunter Steve Irwin do what he does best
ca n't help but feel ` stoked .
enough beauty to make it unforgettable
enjoyed Time of Favor while I was watching it
enjoyed
enlightened by any of Derrida 's
enlightened
enjoy a close look at people they do n't really want to know
enjoyable , Conan-esque claptrap than the punishing , special-effects soul assaults the Mummy pictures
enjoyable , Conan-esque claptrap
worthy and devastating
us to be transported into the life of wladyslaw szpilman , who is not only a pianist , but a good human being
making it one of the year 's most enjoyable releases
making Kahlo 's art a living , breathing part of the movie , often catapulting the artist into her own work
making `` Die Another Day '' one of the most entertaining Bonds in years
The effort is sincere and
The effort is sincere and the results are honest
The effort is sincere and the results are honest ,
The early and middle passages are surprising in how much they engage and even touch us . This is not a classical dramatic animated feature , nor a hip , contemporary , in-jokey one . It 's sort of in-between , and it works
The early and middle passages are surprising in how much they engage and even touch us . This is not a classical dramatic animated feature , nor a hip , contemporary , in-jokey one . It 's sort of in-between , and it works .
The effort is sincere
who finds his inspiration on the fringes of the American underground
A masterful film from a master filmmaker ,
A masterful film from a master filmmaker , unique in its deceptive grimness
conjures the magic of author J.K. Rowling 's books
construct a story
consistently funny .
Some people march to the beat of a different drum , and if you ever wondered what kind of houses those people live in , this documentary takes a look at 5 alternative housing options .
with breathless anticipation for a new hal hartley movie
with good intentions
A movie for 11-year-old boys with sports dreams of their own and the preteen girls who worship Lil ' Bow Wow
with spirit , purpose and emotionally bruised characters who add up to more than body count
who embraces a strict moral code
, the film is an enjoyable and frankly told tale of a people who live among us , but not necessarily with us .
, the film is packed with information and impressions .
, the film 's final scene is soaringly , transparently moving .
, the film 's power lies in its complexity . Nothing is black and white .
, the film ascends to a kinetic life so teeming that even cranky adults may rediscover the quivering kid inside .
, the film certainly does n't disappoint
, the film gets great laughs , but never at the expense of its characters
Williams has truly inhabited a character
Will grab your children by the imagination and amaze them and amuse them .
Windtalkers is shapelessly gratifying , the kind of movie that invites you to pick apart its faults even as you have to admit that somehow it hit you where you live .
the physically spectacular qualities of the film ...
due to its rapid-fire delivery and enough inspired
due to its rapid-fire delivery and enough inspired levity
due to its rapid-fire delivery and
Reef
Some of the most ravaging , gut-wrenching , frightening war scenes since '' Saving Private Ryan '' have been recreated by John Woo in this little-known story of Native Americans and their role in the second great war .
for a winning , heartwarming yarn
for all audiences
for all of us
for adventurous Indian filmmakers toward a crossover
'll find yourself remembering this refreshing visit to a Sunshine State .
for an eagerness
'll enjoy this movie
'll enjoy this movie .
has brilliantly
has been made with great evident care and
has just enough
has delivered an undoubted stylistic tour-de-force , and
has delivered an undoubted stylistic tour-de-force ,
the hand that has finally , to some extent , warmed up to him
hardest
the emotional arc of its raw blues soundtrack
great combination act
is a poster boy for the geek generation . '
is a powerful , naturally dramatic piece of low-budget filmmaking
is a poster boy for the geek generation
is a poster boy for the geek generation .
is a pleasant enough dish
is a pleasant enough dish .
on its way
lots of obvious political insights
's a movie about it
is great fun , full of the kind of energy it 's documenting
is gratefully received
is greatness
is great fun , full of the kind of energy it 's documenting .
is greatness here .
is greatness here
with the timeless source material
that relies on more than special effects
that reopens an interesting controversy and never succumbs to sensationalism
that returns the martial arts master to top form
that is enlightening -- and
no mistake
thinks he 's tough \ \/ And Velma
animation work
can comfortably sit among Jean-Luc Godard 's finest work
a coherent rhythm going
a coherent rhythm
The script 's snazzy dialogue
The result is a powerful , naturally dramatic piece of low-budget filmmaking .
thanks to strong , credible performances
more because you 're one of the lucky few who sought it out
more cerebral ,
more cerebral , and likable
more cerebral , and
more cerebral , and likable , plot elements
more cerebral , and likable ,
you 'd expect from a guy
create some episodes that rival vintage Looney Tunes for the most creative mayhem in a brief amount of time .
create something original
create and sustain a mood
create some episodes that rival vintage Looney Tunes for the most creative mayhem in a brief amount of time
create and sustain
create a very compelling , sensitive , intelligent and almost cohesive piece of film entertainment
create an underplayed melodrama about family dynamics and dysfunction that harks back to the spare , unchecked heartache of Yasujiro Ozu
independent film
incredibly flexible
a smart ,
from its recovery of an historical episode that , in the simple telling , proves simultaneously harrowing and uplifting
's enough science to make it count as educational , and enough beauty to make it unforgettable
from humor
from its comic course
have .
haunting than those in Mr . Spielberg 's 1993 classic
Well-shot but badly written tale
its apparent glee
leaving the theater with a smile on your face
it also is more fully an example of the kind of lush , all-enveloping movie experience it rhapsodizes
it all comes together to create a very compelling , sensitive , intelligent and almost cohesive piece of film entertainment
it also happens to be good
that long-held illusions are indeed reality , and
you ca n't put down , examines a footnote to history seldom brought to light on the screen , and keeps you guessing from first frame to last .
you ca n't wait to see what they do next
you 'll definitely want the T-shirt .
you 're in a mind set for goofy comedy
you ca n't put down
the adjective ` gentle '
a relationship like Holly and Marina 's could survive the hothouse emotions of teendom
most of its pleasure
most likeable
most importantly ,
most intriguing
most intriguing explorations
most intriguing movie experiences
Meticulously mounted , exasperatingly well-behaved film , which ticks off Kahlo 's lifetime milestones with the dutiful precision of a tax accountant .
Kinnear 's performance is a career-defining revelation .
Kilmer 's absorbing performance increase the gravitational pull considerably
especially fit for the kiddies
especially clever
especially the frank sex scenes ) ensure that the film is never dull
he 's one bad dude . When you 've got the wildly popular Vin Diesel in the equation
he 's the best brush in the business
does paint some memorable images ... , but Makhmalbaf keeps her distance from the characters
does paint some memorable images ... ,
his most critically insightful
family movie
families looking for a clean , kid-friendly outing should investigate
on the subgenre
family film sequel
big screen magic
big shear
big-fisted
big splash
she 's never been better in this colorful bio-pic of a Mexican icon
come from a family that eats , meddles , argues , laughs , kibbitzes and fights together
come readily
come away with a greater knowledge of the facts of Cuban music
come from Philippe , who makes Oliver far more interesting than the character 's lines would suggest , and Sarandon , who could n't be better as a cruel but weirdly likable WASP matron .
In a summer overrun with movies dominated by CGI aliens and super heroes , it revigorates the mind to see a feature that concentrates on people , a project in which the script and characters hold sway .
In a summer of clones , Harvard Man is something rare and riveting : a wild ride that relies on more than special effects .
In a movie full of surprises
In a movie full of surprises , the biggest is that Secret Ballot is a comedy , both gentle and biting .
In XXX , Diesel is that rare creature -- an action hero with table manners , and one who proves that elegance is more than tattoo deep .
In Cannes offers rare insight into the structure of relationships .
, The Country Bears ... should keep parents amused with its low groan-to-guffaw ratio .
, Tavernier 's film bounds along with the rat-a-tat energy of '' His Girl Friday , '' maintaining a light touch while tackling serious themes .
, Spielberg knows how to tell us about people .
, Songs from the Second Floor has all the enjoyable randomness of a very lively dream and so manages to be compelling , amusing and unsettling at the same time .
, Spirit 's visual imagination reminds you of why animation is such a perfect medium for children , because of the way it allows the mind to enter and accept another world .
, Storytelling is far more appealing
and powerful
and philosophical depth
and poetic
Much credit must be given to the water-camera operating team of Don King , Sonny Miller , and Michael Stewart . Their work is fantastic .
Much credit must be given to the water-camera operating team of Don King , Sonny Miller , and Michael Stewart .
Much credit
Much has been written about those years when the psychedelic '60s grooved over into the gay '70s , but words do n't really do the era justice .
in Dallas that assembles an elaborate haunted house each year to scare
makes no major mistakes
in Imamura 's lively and enjoyable cultural mix
Green Dragon is still a deeply moving effort to put a human face on the travail of thousands of Vietnamese .
Great performances , stylish cinematography and a gritty feel help
Great performances , stylish cinematography and a gritty feel help make Gangster No . 1 a worthwhile moviegoing experience .
Great performances , stylish cinematography
Great performances , stylish cinematography and
wacky without clobbering the audience over the head
wait to see this terrific film with your kids -- if you do n't have kids borrow some
both for the rhapsodic dialogue that jumps off the page , and for the memorable character creations
both gripping and compelling
both gentle and biting
both people 's capacity
utilizing the talents of his top-notch creative team
, high-spirited musical
informative , revealing and richly entertaining
influence
infectious cultural fable
infecting the entire crowd as the film rolls on
infecting
it 's moving
generous cast
meet at a rustic retreat and pee against a tree . Can you bear the laughter ?
maintaining a light touch
maintains suspense on different levels
genre conventions
maintains suspense on different levels throughout a film that is both gripping and compelling .
maintains suspense on different levels throughout a film that is both gripping and compelling
with a smart script and an obsessive-compulsive 's attention to detail .
with a smart script and an obsessive-compulsive 's attention
Huppert , a great actress tearing into a landmark role , is riveting
Huppert , a great actress tearing into a landmark role ,
Hugh Grant whimsy
Hugh Grant and Sandra Bullock are two such likeable actors .
Has a shambling charm
its own preciousness
its own style
its own quirky hipness
would make such a strainingly cute film -- with a blind orphan at its center , no less -- indicates where his ambitions have wandered
utterly charming
civil disobedience , anti-war movements and the power of strong voices
the urge to get on your feet and shake it
the ultimate mysteries of life and death
the universal language of rhythm
hefty thematic material
cultural history of the best kind : informative , revealing and richly entertaining
cultural fable
cult classic
cuddly sequel
in some evocative shades
in spite of clearly evident poverty and hardship
triumph
true and
their luster
much as I laughed throughout the movie
much about the film , including some of its casting ,
much about the film , including some of its casting
utterly charming French comedy
through its flaws , Revolution # 9 proves to be a compelling
cling to the edge of your seat , tense with suspense
over-the-top love
over crime-film complications
overcomes much
clever and insightful
it successful and accessible
style , structure and rhythms
playful
clever by about nine-tenths
clever credits roll
is n't in this film , which may be why it works as well as it does .
is n't in this film , which may be why it works as well as it does
clever and unexpected
stylish but steady ,
This delicately observed story
clever crime comedy
clever dialogue and likeable characters
simply ca n't recommend it enough .
're looking for an intelligent movie in which you can release your pent up anger
, wall-to-wall good time
, we are forced to reflect that its visual imagination is breathtaking
, we have absolutely no idea who the main characters are until the film is well under way -- and yet it 's hard to stop watching .
the upper echelons
the upper echelons of the directing world
stylish and moody
though they are having so much fun
giving a tight , focused performance illuminated by shards of feeling
gives a tremendous performance
gives a tremendous performance .
given a loving screen transferral
give superlative performances
it is nonjudgmental , and makes clear that a prostitute can be as lonely and needy as any of the clients
it is wise
it is visually ravishing , penetrating , impenetrable .
it just zings along with vibrance and warmth .
the American sexual landscape
the 37-minute Santa vs .
makes up for in compassion
makes up for in compassion ,
makes up for in compassion , as Corcuera manages to find the seeds of hope in the form of collective action .
makes the viewer feel like the movie 's various victimized audience members after a while , but it also happens to be the movie 's most admirable quality
makes their project so interesting
makes this a high water mark for this genre
makes this a high water mark for this genre .
makes us think twice about immigrants we see around us every day .
the pleasure
gritty
gripping , questing look at a person
gut-wrenching impact
gut-wrenching
makes for adequate entertainment , i suppose
makes each crumb of emotional comfort
even in sorrow you can find humor . Like blended shades of lipstick , these components combine into one terrific story with lots of laughs
even in sorrow you can find humor . Like blended shades of lipstick
even if you 've never heard of Chaplin , you 'll still be glued to the screen .
like a party
illustrating the merits of fighting hard for something that really matters
, endearing , masterful
imagination and insight
, energetic and smart
also has humor and heart and very talented young actors
, eloquent film
along that are as intelligent , exuberant , and moving as Monsoon Wedding
alone make Metropolis worth seeing .
, elusive , yet inexplicably
along in a long , long time
A quiet , disquieting triumph .
, emotional , Rocky-like
already be among the faithful
imagination in the soulful development of two rowdy teenagers
dynamic
dynamic first act
dynamism
's the type of film about growing up that we do n't see often enough these days : realistic , urgent
's there to scare while we delight in the images
's too close to real life to make sense . What 's invigorating about it is that it does n't give a damn
's truly awful and heartbreaking subject matter , but one whose lessons are well worth revisiting as many times as possible .
's truly awful and heartbreaking subject matter , but one whose lessons are well worth revisiting as many times as possible
's a cool event for the whole family
's a cool event for the whole family .
the director 's experiment is a successful one .
the director 's experiment
The fun of the movie is the chance it affords to watch Jackson , who also served as executive producer , take his smooth , shrewd , powerful act abroad .
the throes of their first full flush of testosterone
The gags
forming a chain of relationships that come full circle to end on a positive ( if tragic ) note
is a fabric of complex ideas here , and feelings that profoundly deepen them .
The genius of the work
spinning styx sting
The genius of the work speaks volumes , offering up a hallucinatory dreamscape that frustrates and captivates .
participatory spectator sport
a movie with depth
a movie-industry satire
a movie-of-the-week tearjerker
they help increase an average student 's self-esteem
they finally feel absolutely earned
they fascinate in their recklessness
they find new routes through a familiar neighborhood
they float within the seas of their personalities .
that 's exciting on the field and a story you
thanks
this smart-aleck movie ... tosses around some intriguing questions about the difference between human and android life
this space-based homage to Robert Louis Stevenson 's Treasure Island fires on all plasma conduits .
Half Past Dead is just such an achievement .
Handled correctly
auspicious , and daring ,
authentic and
Originality
Ong 's promising debut
Ong 's promising debut is a warm and well-told tale of one recent Chinese immigrant 's experiences in New York City .
One thing you have to give them credit for : The message of the movie is consistent with the messages espoused in the company 's previous video work .
profits
professional
proficient ,
profound and thoughtfully delivered
profound and
Not a strike
the kind of movie that deserves a chance to shine
be steeped in '50s sociology ,
be steeped in '50s sociology , pop culture or
be steeped in '50s sociology , pop culture or movie lore to appreciate the emotional depth of Haynes ' work . Though Haynes ' style apes films from the period
this one gets off with a good natured warning
to its full potential
A really funny fifteen-minute
of screwball farce and blood-curdling family intensity on one continuum
to infuse the rocky path to sibling reconciliation with flashes of warmth and gentle humor
entrancing music
entrancing
entretenimiento
of saucy
among three strands which allow us to view events as if through a prism
among the studio 's animated classics
amor
amounts of beautiful movement and inside information
amused by its special effects
of sanctimony , self-awareness , self-hatred and self-determination
hits the mark with critics who escaped from a small town life
move me to care about what happened in 1915 Armenia
solid , spooky
solid family fun
may be surprised at the variety of tones in Spielberg 's work
may be surprised at the variety of tones in Spielberg 's work .
may be captivated , as I was , by its moods , and by its subtly transformed star , and still wonder why Paul Thomas Anderson ever had the inclination to make the most sincere and artful movie in which Adam Sandler will probably ever appear
may be captivated , as I was , by its moods , and by its subtly transformed star , and still wonder why Paul Thomas Anderson ever had the inclination to make the most sincere and artful movie in which Adam Sandler will probably ever appear .
may be one of the most appealing movies ever made about an otherwise appalling , and downright creepy , subject -- a teenage boy in love with his stepmother
may be one of the most appealing movies ever made about an otherwise appalling , and downright creepy , subject -- a teenage boy in love with his stepmother .
loosens
flick worthy
flavours and emotions
love head-on
Minority Report commands interest almost solely as an exercise in gorgeous visuals .
Ming-liang 's witty , wistful new film
Minority Report '' astounds .
Miller digs into their very minds to find an unblinking , flawed humanity .
all those famous moments
The whole mildly pleasant outing -- the R rating is for brief nudity and a grisly corpse --
The usual movie rah-rah , pleasantly and predictably
The usual movie rah-rah , pleasantly and predictably delivered in low-key style by director Michael Apted and writer Tom Stoppard .
his top-notch creative team
The way the roundelay of partners functions , and the interplay within partnerships and among partnerships and the general air of Gator-bashing are consistently delightful .
The whole mildly pleasant outing
, protecting her cub , and he a reluctant villain ,
, proves it 's never too late to learn .
pure
pulls it off
qualities essential to both movie
the year 's most thought-provoking film
're on the edge of your seat
its surprises
is something of a triumph
is so lovely toward the end
is something rare and riveting : a wild ride that relies on more than special effects .
is somewhat satisfying
is something of a triumph .
its thrills and extreme emotions
develops into a gut-wrenching examination of the way cultural differences and emotional expectations collide
stylish cast
style and mystification
style and wit
a charismatic charmer likely to seduce and conquer
a chance to revitalize what is and always has been remarkable about clung-to traditions
a chance to learn , to grow , to travel
a charge of genuine excitement
a changing world
chimps , lots of chimps ,
chimes in on the grieving process and
chimes in on the grieving process and strangely draws the audience into the unexplainable pain and eccentricities that are attached to the concept of loss
chimes in on the grieving process and strangely draws the audience into the unexplainable pain and eccentricities that are attached to the concept of loss .
The film 's final hour
intellect and feeling
intellect and
insurance company office
integrates thoughtfulness and pasta-fagioli comedy
instructs a younger lad in Zen and the art of getting laid in this prickly indie comedy of manners and misanthropy
that 's not always a bad thing
that 's intense and thrilling at times ,
A taut , sobering film
A terrifically entertaining specimen of Spielbergian
that 's at once surreal and disturbingly familiar
that 's both saucy and endearing
that 's intense and thrilling at times
A terrifically entertaining specimen of Spielbergian sci-fi .
inject some real vitality and even art into a pulpy concept that , in many other hands would be completely forgettable
inject some real vitality and even art
A terrifically entertaining specimen
injects freshness and spirit into the romantic comedy genre , which has been held hostage by generic scripts that seek to remake Sleepless in Seattle again and again .
of friendship and sexual identity
from-television movie that actually looks as if it belongs on the big screen
this is the best ` old neighborhood ' project since Christopher Walken kinda romanced Cyndi Lauper in The Opportunists
this is one of those rare pictures that you root for throughout ,
this is one of those rare pictures that you root for throughout , dearly
this is one of those rare pictures that you root for throughout , dearly hoping that the rich promise of the script will be realized on the screen .
a worthwhile moviegoing experience
a worldly-wise and very funny script
a world where the bizarre is credible and the real turns magical
A different kind of love story - one that is dark , disturbing , painful to watch , yet compelling
soothing formula
Writer-director David Jacobson and his star , Jeremy Renner , have made a remarkable film that explores the monster 's psychology not in order to excuse him but rather to demonstrate that his pathology evolved from human impulses that grew hideously twisted .
but enough
bits funnier
of respect to just one of those underrated professionals who deserve but rarely receive it
moving experience
moving in many directions as it searches ( vainly , I think ) for something fresh to say
moving , and adventurous
for a story
for a riveting movie experience
put on a show
A different and emotionally reserved type of survival story -- a film less about refracting all of World War II through the specific conditions of one man , and more about that man lost in its midst .
the big shear
the best-sustained ideas I have ever seen on the screen
the best-sustained ideas
the best the contest received
A different and emotionally reserved type of survival story -- a film less about refracting all of World War II through the specific conditions of one man , and more about that man
Lovely and poignant . Puts a human face on a land most Westerners are unfamiliar with .
A different and emotionally reserved type of survival story
MIB II '' succeeds due to its rapid-fire delivery
MIB II '' succeeds due to its rapid-fire delivery and
MIB II '' succeeds due to its rapid-fire delivery and enough inspired levity that it ca n't be dismissed as mindless
MIB II '' succeeds due to its rapid-fire delivery and enough inspired levity that it ca n't be dismissed as mindless .
gorgeous exterior photography
gorgeous , witty , seductive movie
gorgeous , witty , seductive
gorgeous , high-spirited musical
goodies
good-natured fun found in films like Tremors
good-natured fun
good-looking
good-bad that makes Eight Legged Freaks a perfectly entertaining summer diversion
a treasure chest of material
intermittently engrossing
a treasure chest
it 's emotionally engrossing
it 's good
it 's hard to know what to praise first
Affirms the gifts of all involved , starting with Spielberg and going right through the ranks of the players -- on-camera and off -- that he brings together .
Affirms
that has finally found the right vent ( accurate
but at least this time there 's some centered storytelling to go along with all the weird stuff .
that has bucked the odds to emerge as an exquisite motion picture in its own right
that gives brutal birth to an unlikely , but likable , hero
look so appealing on third or fourth viewing
At just over an hour , Home Movie will leave you wanting more , not to mention leaving you with some laughs and a smile on your face .
At times Auto Focus feels so distant you might as well be watching it through a telescope . Yet in its own aloof , unreachable way it 's so fascinating you wo n't be able to look away for a second
its star
looking at his 12th Oscar nomination by proving that he 's now , more than ever , choosing his roles with the precision of the insurance actuary
superior moral tone
Hollywood Ending is not show-stoppingly hilarious , but scathingly witty nonetheless .
Hoffman 's powerful acting clinic
Hoffman 's performance is authentic to the core of his being .
Hoffman notches in the nuances of pain , but his smart , edgy voice and waddling profile ( emphasized here ) accent the humor of Wilson 's plight , and that saves his pathos from drippiness
Hoffman notches in the nuances of pain , but
Hoffman notches in the nuances of pain ,
calls our attention
calls our attention to the inherent conflict between commerce and creativity .
can argue that the debate it joins is a necessary and timely one
more reverence
lifelike
it be nice if all guys got a taste of what it 's like on the other side of the bra ?
it be nice if all guys got a taste of what it 's like on the other side of the bra
amazing
always surprising way
also extremely effective
almost spooky in her sulky , calculating Lolita turn
amazingly well
'll trudge out of the theater feeling as though you rode the Zipper after eating a corn dog and an extra-large cotton candy
more original
smartly written
smiling
A fascinating but choppy documentary
A fitfully amusing romp that , if nothing else , will appeal to fans of Malcolm in the Middle and its pubescent star , Frankie Muniz .
A fitfully amusing
Disturbing and brilliant
Disney has always been hit-or-miss when bringing beloved kids ' books to the screen ... Tuck Everlasting is a little of both
be seen by all , especially those who are n't aware of
be seen by all , especially those who are n't aware of , or have forgotten about the unmentioned victims of war
be savored
be seduced by ( Witherspoon 's ) charisma , even
be right at home at the Saturday matinee
be remembered as one of the most important stories to be told in Australia 's film history
be remembered at Oscar time for crafting this wonderful portrait of a conflicted soldier
the avant-garde fused with their humor
high points
While there 's something intrinsically funny about Sir Anthony Hopkins saying ` Get in the car , bitch , ' this Jerry Bruckheimer production has little else to offer
While the script starts promisingly
suspense , intriguing characters
the audience other than to sit back and enjoy a couple of great actors hamming it up
to another ` spectacular spectacle
a raison d'etre that 's as fresh-faced as its young-guns cast
, kinetically-charged spy flick worthy
, like I already mentioned ... it 's Robert Duvall !
, like Silence , it 's a movie that gets under your skin .
a raise
suspense ,
The script kicks in , and
a rather unique approach
mar an otherwise excellent film . A powerful performance from Mel Gibson and a brutal 90-minute battle sequence that does everything but issue you a dog-tag and an M-16
become a historically significant work
become a historically significant work as well as a masterfully made one
become a cold , calculated exercise in postmodern pastiche winds up a powerful and deeply moving example of melodramatic moviemaking
Treasure Planet is truly gorgeous to behold
the lush scenery
the love of family
the lovely Hush !
the lovely Hush ! and
new sequel
the lovable-loser protagonist
10
... the story , like ravel 's bolero , builds to a crescendo that encompasses many more paths than we started with
... while the humor aspects of ` jason x ' were far more entertaining than i had expected
... the story , like ravel 's bolero , builds to a crescendo that encompasses many more paths than we started with .
... while the humor aspects of ` jason x ' were far more entertaining than i had expected ,
careens from one colorful event to another
But it offers plenty to ponder and chew on as its unusual relationship slowly unfolds .
But taken as a stylish and energetic one-shot , The Queen of the Damned can not be said to suck .
But some unexpected zigs and zags help .
But tongue-in-cheek preposterousness has always been part of For the most part Wilde 's droll whimsy helps '' Being Earnest '' overcome its weaknesses and Parker 's creative interference ...
By taking Entertainment Tonight subject matter and giving it humor and poignancy
Haynes ( like Sirk , but differently ) has transformed the rhetoric of Hollywood melodrama into something provocative , rich , and strange .
He 's a better actor than a standup comedian .
He 's the scariest guy you 'll see all summer .
He 's one of the few ` cool ' actors who never seems aware of his own coolness .
He has improved upon the first and taken it a step further , richer and deeper
He has improved upon the first and taken it a step further , richer and deeper .
to a good charitable enterprise and some interesting real people
achieves a level of connection and concern
ache with sadness ( the way Chekhov is funny ) , profound without ever being self-important
achieves the remarkable feat
achieves its best
the finish line
is all but washed away by sumptuous ocean visuals and the cinematic stylings of director John Stockwell
incendiary , deeply thought-provoking look
is about to turn onto a different path
to a pat resolution
longing and love
is n't a weak or careless performance
is mesmerizing .
is miraculously able to entertain anyway
is more enjoyable than the original
is more enjoyable than the original .
splendid entertainment
spoofs
Morrissette has performed a difficult task indeed
, sticking its head up for a breath of fresh air now and then .
make it as much fun as reading an oversized picture book before bedtime .
Schindler 's
Scherfig 's light-hearted profile of emotional desperation is achingly honest and delightfully cheeky .
Scherfig 's light-hearted profile of emotional desperation
Scherfig , the writer-director
Scherfig , the writer-director , has made a film so unabashedly hopeful that it actually makes the heart soar . Yes , soar .
can enjoy much of Jonah simply , and gratefully , as laugh-out-loud lunacy with a pronounced Monty Pythonesque flavor .
can enjoy
can enjoy much of Jonah simply , and gratefully , as laugh-out-loud lunacy with a pronounced Monty Pythonesque flavor
can gasp , shudder and even tremble without losing his machismo
can get past the taboo subject matter
can impart a message without bludgeoning the audience over the head
my big fat greek wedding is that rare animal known as ' a perfect family film , ' because it 's about family .
Anna Chancellor that makes this `` Two Weddings and a Funeral '' fun
Another one of those estrogen overdose movies like `` Divine Secrets of the Ya Ya Sisterhood , '' except that the writing , acting and character development are a lot better .
Another trumpet blast that there may be a New Mexican Cinema a-bornin ' . '
it 's so fascinating you wo n't be able to look away for a second .
A heady , biting , be-bop ride through nighttime Manhattan , a loquacious videologue of the modern male and the lengths to which he 'll go to weave a protective cocoon around his own ego .
A harrowing account of a psychological breakdown .
A heady , biting , be-bop
A high-spirited buddy movie
A high-spirited buddy movie about the reunion of Berlin
A high-spirited buddy movie about the reunion of Berlin anarchists who face arrest 15 years after their crime .
uniformly superb
the sort of delicate , articulate character - and
freedom
free of the usual thriller nonsense
free
frankly fantastical
four-star
goofily endearing and well-lensed gorefest
goofy , heartfelt , mesmerizing King Lear
good yarn-spinner
goosebumps as its uncanny tale of love , communal discord , and justice
goosebumps
gorgeous , passionate
gorgeous , passionate , and at times uncommonly moving
is the far superior film
is the far superior film .
may have many agendas
it succeeds as a powerful look at a failure of our justice system .
it still manages to get a few punches in
that by movie 's end , we accept the characters and the film , flaws and all
that the most powerful thing in life is
that carries you along in a torrent of emotion as it explores the awful complications of one terrifying day
that the central performers are experienced actors , and that they know their roles so well
if encouraging return
very fine
the sizzle of old news that has finally found the right vent ( accurate
the social milieu - rich New York intelligentsia -
really makes it special
really scores
that takes you inside the rhythms of its subject
that the central performers are experienced actors
who helped give a spark to '' Chasing Amy '' and '' Changing Lanes ''
A memorable experience that , like many of his works , presents weighty issues colorfully wrapped up in his own idiosyncratic strain of kitschy goodwill .
A moody , multi-dimensional love story and sci-fi mystery , Solaris
A moody , multi-dimensional love story and sci-fi mystery , Solaris is a thought-provoking , haunting film that allows the seeds of the imagination to germinate .
some fantastic moments and scenes
some fine acting
makes a wonderful subject for the camera
some interesting results
who he was before
others in the genre
others do n't ,
very fine movie -- go see it
to the Serbs themselves
Whether writer-director Anne Fontaine 's film is a ghost story , an account of a nervous breakdown , a trip down memory lane , all three or none of the above , it is as seductive as it is haunting .
What the film lacks in general focus it makes up for in compassion , as Corcuera manages to find the seeds of hope in the form of collective action .
What saves this deeply affecting film from being merely a collection of wrenching cases is Corcuera 's attention to detail .
Whenever you think you 've figured out Late Marriage , it throws you for a loop .
Whenever you think you 've figured out Late Marriage
just how well
do so again-courage , self-sacrifice and patience under pressure
do some of their best work in their underwritten roles
do n't walk , to see this barbed and bracing comedy on the big screen
to recommend this film because for every thing it does right there 's at least one and
just as I hoped I would -- with moist eyes
a really funny movie
a really cool bit -- the movie 's conception of a future-world holographic librarian ( Orlando Jones ) who knows everything and answers all questions , is visually smart , cleverly written , and nicely realized
greatest triumph
to recommend this film because for every thing it does right there
a realistic atmosphere that involves us in the unfolding crisis
a realistic atmosphere
told us
Douglas McGrath 's version of ` Nicholas Nickleby ' left me feeling refreshed and hopeful . Not many movies have that kind of impact on me these days .
Douglas McGrath 's version of ` Nicholas Nickleby ' left me feeling refreshed and hopeful .
Douglas McGrath 's Nicholas Nickleby does Dickens as it should be done cinematically .
memorable performances from top
occasionally very enjoyable children 's entertainment .
who could n't be better as a cruel but weirdly likable WASP matron
who continually raises the standard of her profession
grew up on Scooby -- you 'll love this movie .
who feels acting is the heart and soul of cinema . He allows his cast members to make creative contributions to the story and dialogue . This method almost never fails him , and it works superbly here
a young American ,
Chilling in its objective portrait of dreary , lost twenty-first century America .
Chicago offers much colorful eye candy , including the spectacle of Gere in his dancing shoes , hoofing and crooning with the best of them .
a wry , winning , if languidly paced , meditation
of a pure comedy with absolutely no meaning , and no desire
Takashi Miike keeps pushing the envelope : Ichi the Killer
Take Care is nicely performed by a quintet of actresses
Takashi Miike keeps pushing the envelope
Takashi Miike keeps pushing the envelope :
a treasure
a troubling interpretation of Ecclesiastes . A rewarding work of art
Take Care is nicely performed by a quintet of actresses ,
a truly grand scale
its elegantly colorful look and sound
very solid , very watchable
though Wen 's messages are profound and thoughtfully delivered
tackles his themes and
take a vicarious voyage
surviving footage of Burstein and his family performing , historical archives ,
surpassed himself
surprised me
sweet and
plays up the cartoon 's more obvious strength of snazziness
plays out ... like a high-end John Hughes comedy , a kind of Elder Bueller 's Time Out
plays out ... like a high-end John Hughes comedy , a kind of Elder Bueller 's Time Out .
plays like a powerful 1957 drama we 've somehow never seen before
as monumental as Disney 's 1937 breakthrough Snow White and the Seven Dwarfs
as monumental as Disney 's 1937 breakthrough
Humorous and heartfelt , Douglas McGrath 's version of ` Nicholas Nickleby ' left me feeling refreshed and hopeful . Not many movies have that kind of impact on me these days .
easily marketable
easy , comfortable
easier to digest
earns the right to be favorably compared to Das Boot
earns the right to be favorably compared to Das Boot .
Director Lee has a true cinematic knack , but it 's also nice to see a movie with its heart so thoroughly , unabashedly on its sleeve
breathtaking scenery
even as you have to admit that somehow it hit you where you live
in a heartwarming , nonjudgmental kind of way
in a heartwarming , nonjudgmental kind of way --
in a good way
ever been possible to say that Williams has truly inhabited a character
Rifkin 's references are ... impeccable throughout .
then you will probably have a reasonably good time with The Salton Sea .
then this should keep you reasonably entertained .
peace-and-love
paying it a compliment
definitely a step in the right direction
gives Nachtwey for self-analysis
warmly extend your arms and yell ` Safe
while cleverly worked out
which Hoffman 's brilliance
A very funny
A very funny look at how another culture handles the process of courting and marriage .
A tale of horror and revenge that is nearly perfect in its relentless descent to the depths of one man 's tortured soul .
A teasing drama whose relentless good-deed\/bad-deed reversals are just interesting enough to make a sinner
A teasing drama whose relentless good-deed\/bad-deed reversals are just interesting enough to make a sinner like me pray for an even more interesting , less symmetrical , less obviously cross-shaped creation .
A tender , heartfelt family drama .
A triumph , relentless and beautiful
A triumph , relentless and beautiful in its downbeat
A triumph , relentless and beautiful in its downbeat darkness .
a nearly impeccable cinematic experience -- and a wonderful all-ages triumph besides --
at childhood
memorable performances
only the most patient
, it 's Black Hawk Down with more heart .
Zhuangzhuang creates delicate balance of style , text , and subtext that 's so simple and precise that anything discordant would topple the balance , but against all odds , nothing does
Zhuangzhuang creates delicate balance of style , text , and subtext that 's so simple and precise that anything discordant would topple the balance , but against all odds , nothing does .
This is a movie that refreshes the mind and spirit along with the body , so original is its content , look , and style
This is a movie that refreshes the mind and spirit along with the body , so
as both a revealing look at the collaborative process and a timely , tongue-in-cheek profile of the corporate circus that is the recording industry in the current climate of mergers and downsizing
This is a movie full of grace and
This is a movie full of grace
This is a movie full of grace and , ultimately , hope
This is a movie full of grace and ,
This is a movie full of grace and , ultimately , hope .
This is a movie that refreshes the mind and spirit along with the body ,
This is a movie that refreshes the mind and spirit along with the body
find Morrison 's iconoclastic uses of technology
finally move away from his usual bumbling , tongue-tied screen persona
find a small place in my heart
find Morrison 's iconoclastic uses of technology to be liberating
find it more than capable of rewarding them
acting that heralds something special
grab your children by the imagination and amaze them and amuse them
the characters are complex , laden with plenty of baggage and tinged with tragic undertones
told fairly well and scored to perfection , I found myself struggling to put my finger on that elusive '' missing thing . ''
grab your children by the imagination and amaze them and amuse them .
remarkable ensemble cast
remarkable gift
remarkable performance
remarkable performances
remains a filmmaker with an acid viewpoint and a real gift for teasing chilly poetry out of lives and settings that might otherwise seem drab and sordid
remains a filmmaker with an acid viewpoint and a real gift for teasing chilly poetry out of lives and settings that might otherwise seem drab and sordid .
remains undiminished
try to balance pointed , often incisive satire and unabashed sweetness , with results that are sometimes bracing , sometimes baffling and quite often , and in unexpected ways , touching
truths emerge .
truth-telling
remarkably unpretentious
works spectacularly well ... A shiver-inducing , nerve-rattling ride .
works so well for the first 89 minutes
works so well
works spectacularly well ... A shiver-inducing , nerve-rattling ride
will not disappoint anyone who values the original comic books
works spectacularly well
you laugh
engaging , surprisingly
best sex comedy
best script
best rock
best performance
best movie work
best inside-show-biz
best gay love stories
best date movie
best short story writing
best short
spellbinding fun and
told fairly well and scored to perfection
Not so much a movie as a picture book for the big screen . This is n't my favorite in the series , still I enjoyed it enough to recommend .
Nothing 's at stake , just a twisty double-cross you can smell a mile away -- still , the derivative Nine Queens is lots of fun .
Not too far below the gloss you can still feel director Denis Villeneuve 's beating heart and the fondness he has for his characters .
should enjoy this nonthreatening but thrilling adventure
should enjoy this nonthreatening but thrilling adventure .
sharp as ever
shapelessly gratifying
transforms the dreary expanse of dead-end distaste the characters inhabit into a poem of art , music and metaphor .
finally returns De Palma to his pulpy thrillers of the early '80s
final , beautiful scene
finally lies with Kissinger . Should be required viewing for civics classes and would-be public servants alike .
God bless Crudup and his aversion to taking the easy Hollywood road and cashing in on his movie-star gorgeousness .
Godard can still be smarter than any 50 other filmmakers still at work .
God bless Crudup and his aversion to taking the easy Hollywood road and cashing in on his movie-star
Godfrey Reggio 's career shines like a lonely beacon .
it will do so in a way that does n't make you feel like a sucker
it ultimately delivers
it throws you for a loop .
about a family 's joyous life
it turns out to be significantly different ( and better ) than most films with this theme
a marginal thumbs up
a marginal thumbs
a man whose achievements -- and complexities -- reached far beyond the end zone
sounds , and feels more like an extended , open-ended poem than a traditionally structured story
sounding
Quaid is utterly fearless as the tortured husband living a painful lie , and Moore wonderfully underplays the long-suffering heroine with an unflappable '50s dignity somewhere between Jane Wyman and June Cleaver .
Quaid is utterly fearless as the tortured husband living a painful lie , and
Quietly engaging .
Queen is campy fun like the Vincent Price horror classics of the '60s .
Mike White 's deft combination of serious subject matter and dark
Mike White 's deft combination of serious subject matter and dark , funny humor make '' '' The Good Girl '' a film worth watching .
Mike White 's deft combination of serious subject matter and dark , funny humor make '' ''
Miller has crafted an intriguing story of maternal instincts and misguided acts of affection .
to the wit , humor and snappy dialogue of the original
have decades of life as a classic movie franchise
have been the vehicle for Chan that `` The Mask '' was for Jim Carrey
so amusingly contrived and outlandish
so beautifully
lucratively
lovely comedic moments
loved the people onscreen , even though I could not stand them .
loved the people onscreen , even though I could not stand them
of any opportunity for finding meaning in relationships or work
intriguing premise
at times exhilarating movie a great yarn
the viewer wide-awake all the way through
it 's common knowledge that Park and his founding partner , Yong Kang , lost Kozmo in the end
it 's better than that eponymous 1980 biopic that used soap in the places where the mysteries lingered
it 's definitely worth taking a look
it 's encouraging to see a three-dimensional , average , middle-aged woman 's experience of self-discovery handled with such sensitivity
it 's entertaining enough and worth a look
shows how intolerance has the power to deform families , then tear them apart .
near-masterpiece
near-masterpiece .
shows what great cinema can really do
shows us a slice of life that 's very different from our own and yet instantly recognizable .
Ryan Gosling ( Murder by Numbers ) , the movie is powerful and provocative
captures an Italian immigrant family on the brink of major changes
captures an Italian immigrant family on the brink of major changes .
Nicely
captivatingly
captivatingly quirky hybrid
It 's a beautiful madness .
the cruelty and suffering he has found with an devastating , eloquent clarity
the culture clash comedies
capture so perfectly the hopes and dreams of little boys on baseball fields as well as the grown men who sit in the stands
that is n't afraid to admit it
that is richer than anticipated
that is often quite rich and exciting
that takes Mr . Hill higher than he 's been in a while
jazzes it
keep their hopes
keep their hopes alive
keep this unusual comedy
is definitely its screenplay , both for the rhapsodic dialogue that jumps off the page , and for the memorable character creations
is delightful in the central role
is delivered with such conviction that it 's hard not to be carried away
is delightful in the central role .
Eric Schaeffer has accomplished with Never
Escaping the studio , Piccoli is warmly affecting and so is this adroitly minimalist movie .
Entertains by providing good , lively company
A subject like this should inspire reaction in its audience ;
A subject like this should inspire reaction in its audience
A stylistic romp that 's always fun to watch .
A stylistic
A superbly
kissing leads to suicide attempts and tragic deaths . Marisa Tomei is good
is apparently as invulnerable as its trademark villain
but sincere
but one that many more people should check out
but realistic
seem downright Hitchcockian
brotherly
to a woman whose passion for this region and its inhabitants still shines in her quiet blue eyes
gangs , despite the gravity of its subject matter , is often as fun to watch as a good spaghetti western .
general hospital crossed with a Saturday night live spoof of dog day afternoon
in the pulsating thick of a truly frightening situation
in the pantheon of the best of the swashbucklers
's gone to Manhattan and Hell
thriller remarkable
is Caddyshack
once again strands his superb performers in the same old story .
is , truly and thankfully , a one-of-a-kind work .
to accomplish
starts to become good .
head-turner
head and shoulders above much of the director 's previous popcorn work
The Movie is clever , offbeat and even gritty enough to overcome my resistance .
might be seduced . If you do n't laugh , flee
it works beautifully as a movie without sacrificing the integrity of the opera .
might enjoy this
might enjoy this ,
the hype , the celebrity , the high life , the conspiracies and the mystery
the ideal casting
the ideal casting of the masterful British actor Ian Holm
the idea of why human beings long for what they do n't have , and how this gets us in trouble .
the humor wry and
the humor wry and sprightly
the humor is recognizably Plympton
the humor wry
classical dramatic animated feature
classic story
classic movie franchise
classic mother\/daughter struggle
classic fairy tale
classic French nuance
to work in the same vein as the brilliance of Animal House
The Kid Stays in the Picture '' is a great story , terrifically told by the man who wrote it but this Cliff Notes edition is a cheat
The Kid Stays in the Picture '' is a great story , terrifically told by the man who wrote it but
The Irwins ' scenes are fascinating ;
The Irwins ' scenes are fascinating
The Kid Stays in the Picture '' is a great story , terrifically told by the man who wrote it
this movie phenomenon
( Chaiken 's ) talent lies in an evocative , accurate observation of a distinctive milieu and in the lively , convincing dialogue she creates for her characters .
( Caine ) proves once again he has n't lost his touch , bringing off a superb performance in an admittedly middling film .
( Chaiken 's ) talent lies in an evocative , accurate observation of a distinctive milieu
( Chaiken 's ) talent lies in an evocative , accurate observation of a distinctive milieu and
( Chaiken 's ) talent lies in an evocative , accurate observation of a distinctive milieu and in the lively , convincing dialogue she creates for her characters
( A ) wonderfully loopy tale of love , longing , and voting .
solidly entertaining
solid piece
A thoroughly enjoyable , heartfelt
A thoroughly engaging , surprisingly touching British comedy .
A thoroughly enjoyable , heartfelt coming-of-age comedy .
A thought-provoking and often-funny drama about isolation
A thought-provoking and often-funny drama
A thought-provoking and often-funny drama about isolation .
A thoughtful and surprisingly affecting portrait of a screwed-up man who dared to mess with some powerful people
A thoughtful and surprisingly affecting portrait
rival the filmmaker 's period pieces
83 minute
explorations
which awards animals the respect they
exceedingly
examines a footnote to history seldom brought to light on the screen , and keeps you guessing from first frame to last .
expands the pat notion that middle-aged women just wanna have fun into a rousing treatise of sensual empowerment .
Southern California locations
Without heavy-handedness , Dong provides perspective with his intelligent grasp of human foibles and contradictions .
Peralta captures , in luminous interviews and amazingly evocative film from three decades ago , the essence of the Dogtown experience .
with its own cuteness
Project Greenlight '' winner
marvels
a powerful sequel
mark Ms . Bullock 's best work in some time
manages to capture a cruelly hilarious vein of black comedy in the situation with his cast of non-actors and a gritty , no-budget approach
A charming , banter-filled comedy ... one of those airy cinematic bon bons whose aims -- and by extension , accomplishments -- seem deceptively slight on the surface .
manage to break past the artifice
A charming and funny story
A chance to see three splendid actors turn a larky chase movie into an emotionally satisfying exploration of the very human need to be somebody , and to belong to somebody .
A charming , banter-filled comedy
with a certain level of intelligence and non-reactionary morality .
The film is old-fashioned , occasionally charming and as subtle as boldface .
The film is surprisingly well-directed by Brett Ratner , who keeps things moving well -- at least until the problematic third act .
Would you laugh if a tuba-playing dwarf rolled down a hill in a trash can ? Do you chuckle at the thought of an ancient librarian whacking a certain part of a man 's body ? If you answered yes , by all means enjoy The New Guy
Worth a look by those on both sides of the issues , if only for the perspective it offers , one the public rarely sees .
Worth a look
World Traveler might not go anywhere new , or arrive anyplace special , but it 's certainly an honest attempt to get at something .
World Traveler might not go anywhere new , or arrive anyplace special , but it 's certainly an honest attempt to get at something
sincere and artful
since the thrills pop up frequently
since its poignancy hooks us completely
since it does n't take itself so deadly seriously
A worthy tribute to a great humanitarian and her vibrant ` co-stars . '
A worthy tribute
A worthwhile way to spend two hours .
A worthwhile way
A worthy entry into a very difficult genre .
A worthy entry
A work of intricate elegance , literary lyricism and profound common sense .
interesting and accessible
A work of the utmost subtlety and perception , it marks the outstanding feature debut of writer-director Eric Byler , who understands the power of the implicit and the virtues of simplicity and economy .
A work of the utmost subtlety and perception
a pretty decent little documentary
a pretty good execution
a pretty good execution of a story that 's a lot richer than the ones Hollywood action screenwriters usually come up with on their own
interesting and at times
a predictably efficient piece of business notable largely for its overwhelming creepiness , for an eagerness to create images you wish you had n't seen
a predictably efficient piece of business notable largely for its overwhelming creepiness , for an eagerness to create images you wish you had n't seen , which , in this day and age , is of course the point
interesting and at times captivating
the quick emotional connections of Steven Spielberg 's Schindler 's List
interesting controversy
interesting effort
interesting psychological game
interesting slice
a hilarious kenneth branagh
a hilarious kenneth
explore same-sex culture in ways that elude the more nationally settled
now I ca n't wait for the sequel
now and then without in any way demeaning its subjects
novels that has bucked the odds
notice -- but it 's a pleasurable trifle .
relays its universal points without lectures or confrontations
its septuagenarian star is young enough to be the nonagenarian filmmaker 's son , more incredible
portray so convincingly
portray themselves
its self-dramatizing characters
first great film
fine film
first love sweetly
( A ) devastatingly powerful and astonishingly vivid Holocaust drama .
( A ) rare movie
( A ) rare movie that makes us
( A ) real pleasure in its laid-back way
( A ) real pleasure in its laid-back way .
( A ) smarter and much funnier version of the old Police Academy flicks .
( Allen )
( Allen ) manages to breathe life into this somewhat tired premise .
one of those movies
laconic
its funny , moving yarn that holds up well after two decades
energy and wit
energy and excitement
energy it 's documenting
energy and wit to entertain all ages
engages less for its story of actorly existential despair than for its boundary-hopping formal innovations and glimpse into another kind of Chinese ` cultural revolution .
to blend politics and drama , an admirable ambition
we can enjoy as mild escapism
we also need movies like Tim McCann 's Revolution No . 9 .
that 's suspenseful enough for older kids but not too scary for the school-age crowd
the powerful
Elmo
that 's simultaneously painful and refreshing
directed the stage version of Elling , and gets fine performances from his two leads who originated the characters on stage .
if the essence of magic is its make-believe promise of life that soars above the material realm , this is the opposite of a truly magical movie .
that will strike a chord with anyone who 's ever
that works effortlessly at delivering genuine , acerbic laughs
while entertaining with its unconventionally wacky but loving family
straightforward , emotionally honest
straightforward , emotionally honest manner
straight-shooting family film
straight-ahead thriller
The Good Girl '' a film worth watching
that 's truly deserving of its Oscar nomination
for the earnest emotional core
for the entire family and one
for the complicated love triangle that develops between the three central characters
many of us , that 's good enough
Wendigo is -RRB- why we go to the cinema : to be fed through the eye , the heart , the mind .
Waydowntown is by no means a perfect film , but its boasts a huge charm factor and smacks of originality .
Watching Haneke 's film is , aptly enough , a challenge and a punishment . But watching Huppert , a great actress tearing into a landmark role , is riveting .
that 's there to scare while we delight in the images
, and it 's therapeutic to laugh along with them .
Ray Liotta
Rarely has skin looked as beautiful , desirable , even delectable , as it does in Trouble Every Day .
make a clear point --
make `` The Good Girl '' a film worth watching .
make a terrific effort
make a terrific effort at disguising the obvious with energy and innovation
make a delightful comedy centering on food
enticing prospect
dig surprisingly deep
digitally animated feature film with plenty of slapstick humor for the kids , lots of in-jokes for the adults and heart enough for everyone
digs deep emotionally , perhaps because he 's been stirred by the powerful work of his co-stars .
Petter Næss ' delicate , clever direction ... and
Petter Næss ' delicate , clever direction ... and a wonderful , imaginative script
Petter Næss ' delicate , clever direction
Petter Næss ' delicate , clever direction ...
A truly moving experience ,
A truly moving experience , and
A truly moving experience , and a perfect example of how art -- when done right -- can help heal
A very witty take on change , risk and romance ,
A tender and touching drama , based on the true story of a troubled African-American 's quest to come to terms with his origins
A thunderous ride at first , quiet cadences of pure finesse are few and far between ;
A thunderous ride at first , quiet cadences of pure finesse are few and far between ; their shortage dilutes the potency of otherwise respectable action . Still , this flick is fun , and host to some truly excellent sequences
A triumph of art direction
A very witty take on change , risk and romance , and
A very witty take on change , risk and romance , and the film uses humour to make its points about acceptance and growth
British comedy .
may be lovely
with considerable appeal
The best didacticism is one carried by a strong sense of humanism , and Bertrand Tavernier 's oft-brilliant Safe Conduct ( '' Laissez-passer '' ) wears its heart on its sleeve .
The best film of the year 2002
The best movie in many a moon about the passions that sometimes fuel our best achievements and other times
The best movie in many a moon about the passions that sometimes fuel our best achievements and other times leave us stranded with nothing more than our lesser appetites .
of film about growing up that we do n't see often enough these days
The best thing I can say about this film
to heal using creative , natural and ancient antidotes
more than a whiff
more than a run-of-the-mill action
faced
faced by five contemporary individuals ... a psychological masterpiece
faced by five contemporary individuals ... a psychological masterpiece .
facile than the earlier films
an Iranian specialty
amusing , breezily apolitical
amuse them
amaze them and amuse them
amazingly perceptive in its subtle , supportive but unsentimental look at the Marks family
amaze
it 's not nearly long enough
it 's not Little Nicky . And for many of us , that 's good enough
( Grant 's ) bumbling magic takes over the film ,
( Grant 's ) bumbling magic takes over the film , and
( Grant 's ) bumbling magic takes over the film , and it turns out to be another winning star vehicle
( Grant 's ) bumbling magic takes over the film , and it turns out to be another winning star vehicle .
goodness for this signpost
good-time shenanigans
as a non-believer in werewolf films that are not serious
good-naturedness
good-hearted ensemble comedy
good to see Michael Caine whipping out the dirty words and punching people in the stomach again
hip hop fantasy
hip comedy
himself funny
hip '
hilariously raunchy as South Park
persuasive viewing
arthouse . The power of this script , and the performances that come with it
welcome , if downbeat , missive
he is matched by Schweig , who carries the film on his broad , handsome shoulders .
flick worthy of a couple hours of summertime and a bucket of popcorn . Nothing overly original , mind you
, the movie is a silly ( but not sophomoric ) romp through horror and hellish conditions .
so many talented people
, the humor wry and sprightly
, the magnificent swooping aerial shots are breathtaking ,
, the movie benefits from having a real writer plot out all of the characters ' moves and overlapping story .
, the movie completely transfixes the audience .
i had expected
i have ever seen that still manages to be uplifting but not overly sentimental
he really scores
two gifted performers
what spectacular sizzle it is !
what 's nice is that there 's a casual intelligence that permeates the script
The big ending surprise almost saves the movie .
Funny and
is n't a weak or careless performance amongst them
The big ending surprise
love , longing
love , betrayal , revenge and above all
The best thing that can be said of the picture
lots of cool stuff packed into ESPN 's Ultimate X
to be a New Yorker
to be a breath of fresh air
is n't embarrassed to make you reach for the tissues
is a cinephile 's feast , an invitation to countless interpretations
is a cinematic car wreck , a catastrophic collision of tastelessness and gall that nevertheless will leave fans clamoring for another ride .
is a celebration of feminine energy , a tribute to the power of women to heal
is a celebration of feminine energy , a tribute to the power of women to heal .
have ever seen that still manages to be uplifting but not overly sentimental
minority report delivers all that and a whole lot more
miracle
entertain or inspire its viewers
entertained by the unfolding of Bielinsky 's
entertain or
Anyone with a passion for cinema , and indeed sex , should see it as soon as possible . '
entertaining , if somewhat standardized ,
entertaining , if somewhat standardized , action
with its own quirky personality
with legitimate funny
sustain laughs
long workout
long overdue
distinct and very welcome
and likeable characters
and mordantly humorous
and inventive moments
The unexplored story opportunities
like the world of his film , hartley
The movie is so thoughtlessly assembled .
The movie is loaded with good intentions
double-cross that made Mamet 's '' House of Games '' and last fall 's '' Heist '' so much fun
ensures
ensemble cast
enriched by a sharp eye for manners and mores .
enriched by a sharp eye for manners and mores
enriched by a sharp eye
for its excellent storytelling , its economical , compressed characterisations and for its profound humanity
for its extraordinary intelligence and originality
for its excellent storytelling , its economical
cunning that even the most jaded cinema audiences will leave the auditorium feeling dizzy , confused , and totally disorientated . Not to mention absolutely refreshed .
potent metaphor
Hashiguchi covers this territory with wit and originality , suggesting that with his fourth feature -- the first to be released in the U.S. -- a major director is emerging in world cinema .
to stand tall with Pryor , Carlin and Murphy
in the simple telling , proves simultaneously harrowing and uplifting
in the simple telling
be delighted simply to spend more time with familiar cartoon characters
A coming-of-age film that avoids the cartoonish clichés and sneering humor of the genre as it provides a fresh view of an old type
A coming-of-age film that avoids the cartoonish clichés and sneering humor of the genre as it provides a fresh view of an old type --
A coming-of-age film that avoids the cartoonish clichés and sneering humor of the genre as it provides a fresh view of an old type -- the uncertain girl on the brink of womanhood
A coming-of-age film that avoids the cartoonish clichés and sneering humor of the genre as it provides a fresh view of an old type -- the uncertain girl on the brink of womanhood .
in the songs translate well to film
making it one of the best war movies ever made
brutally intelligent
inspired dialogue bits
making the right choice
Brash , intelligent and erotically perplexing
Brash , intelligent and erotically perplexing , Haneke 's portrait of an upper class Austrian society and the suppression of its tucked away
Brash , intelligent and erotically perplexing , Haneke 's portrait of an upper class Austrian society and the suppression of its tucked away demons
inspires more than an interested detachment
Brave
Brave and
Brave and sweetly
Brave and sweetly rendered love story .
from the daughter of horror director Dario Argento ( a producer here )
worth a look
worth seeking out
worthy of David Mamet
several adaptations of other writers ' work
set on a truly grand scale .
the tedium of all its generational bonding
A creepy , intermittently powerful study
A conventional , but well-crafted film about a historic legal battle in Ireland over a man 's right to raise his own children .
Provides a very moving and revelatory footnote to the Holocaust .
A conventional but heartwarming tale .
A conventional but heartwarming tale
A creepy , intermittently powerful study of a self-destructive man ...
weird and charmingly
should have a stirring time at this beautifully drawn movie .
should come a-knocking
duly impressive in IMAX dimensions
dumb , sweet , and intermittently hilarious
raise audience 's spirits
to have decades of life
Lagaan really is enormously good fun .
to have you leaving the theater with a smile on your face
Lagaan is quintessential Bollywood . Except it 's much , much better .
Lagaan
the real issues
the raunch in favor of gags that rely on the strength of their own cleverness
the rare trick of recreating
art paying homage to art
around old friends
arresting
arresting effects , incandescent tones and stupendous performances
exuberant openness
eye-popping visuals
extremely talented musicians
extremely talented
extremely thorough
Steven Spielberg got it right
Still rapturous after all these years
Still rapturous after all these years , Cinema Paradiso stands as one of the great films about movie love .
It 's the sweet Cinderella story that `` Pretty Woman '' wanted to be .
It 's the chemistry between the women and the droll scene-stealing wit and wolfish pessimism of Anna Chancellor that makes this `` Two Weddings and a Funeral '' fun .
a feel-good formula
Huppert 's intensity and focus has a raw exhilaration about it
Hunter -- starring Irwin and his American wife\/colleague , Terri -- is a movie children should enjoy .
they do n't make 'em like that anymore
, Jagger obviously relishes every self-mocking moment .
, Martin Scorcese 's Gangs of New York still emerges as his most vital work since GoodFellas .
, I 'm going to recommend SECRETARY , based on the wonderful acting clinic put on by Spader and Gyllenhaal
, I 'll certainly be keeping an eye out for his next project .
a few points for doing what it does with a dedicated and good-hearted professionalism
, I enjoyed it just as much !
, Noyce has tailored an epic tale into a lean , economical movie .
good race
good romance
's genuinely cool
's genuinely cool to hear characters talk about early rap records ( Sugar Hill Gang , etc . )
that he is an imaginative filmmaker who can see the forest for the trees
around some flawed but rather unexceptional women , emerging with a fine character study that 's short on plot but rich in the tiny revelations of real life
around to capture the chaos of France in the 1790 's
arresting image
arrive on the big screen with their super-powers , their super-simple animation and their super-dooper-adorability intact
a flattering sense
that he has been able to share his story so compellingly with us is a minor miracle
that heralds something special
that helps make great marching bands half the fun of college football games
An exhilarating futuristic thriller-noir ,
has had a successful career in TV
has had some success with documentaries
has humor and heart and very talented young actors
was amused and entertained by the unfolding of Bielinsky 's cleverly constructed scenario , and greatly impressed by the skill of the actors involved in the enterprise
that he 's the best brush in the business
most aggressive and most sincere
most aggressive and most sincere attempt
most amazing
Two generations within one family test boundaries in this intelligent and restrained coming-of-age drama
updated Dickensian sensibility
this deeply moving French drama develops a startling story that works both as a detailed personal portrait and as a rather frightening examination of modern times .
PG-13
deep and meaningful film
deep emotionally
decent moral
declares its director , Zhang Yang of Shower , as a boldly experimental , contemporary stylist with a bright future .
deep and meaningful
declares its director , Zhang Yang of Shower , as a boldly experimental , contemporary stylist with a bright future
wickedly eccentric enchantment
wickedly eccentric
lustrous
lust and love
lush scenery
lushly photographed and beautifully recorded .
lush
lurks just below the proceedings and adds an almost constant mindset of suspense
something strangely diverting
something truly new
something worth
something worth seeing
sometimes gross and surprisingly appealing
the entirety
is not only the best date movie of the year
is not nearly as dreadful as expected . In fact , it 's quite fun in places .
is not nearly as dreadful as expected . In fact , it 's quite fun in places
in the screenplay to keep the film entertaining
in the process created a masterful work of art of their own
in the reassuring manner of a beautifully sung holiday carol
in the present
in the process comes out looking like something wholly original
Possession is a movie that puts itself squarely in the service of the lovers who inhabit it .
Wow fans
of creative storytelling
well paced and satisfying little drama
of credible gender-provoking philosophy
well worth the time .
the avant garde director of broadway 's the lion king and the film titus
well paced and satisfying
female sexuality
An engaging overview of Johnson 's eccentric career .
An enthralling , playful film that constantly frustrates our desire to know the ` truth ' about this man , while deconstructing the very format of the biography in a manner that Derrida would doubtless give his blessing to .
An experience so engrossing it is like being buried in a new environment .
An idealistic love story that
An idealistic love story
fetishized every bizarre old-movie idiosyncrasy with such monastic devotion you 're not sure if you should applaud or look into having him committed
Worth seeing just for Weaver and LaPaglia .
this is that rare drama that offers a thoughtful and rewarding glimpse into the sort of heartache everyone has felt , or will feel someday .
lifts Blue Crush into one of the summer 's most pleasurable movies
light ( yet unsentimental )
lift the movie above its playwriting 101 premise
lifted from Terry Gilliam 's subconscious , pressed through Kafka 's meat grinder and into Buñuel 's casings
undoubtedly delighted
this is a seriously intended movie that is not easily forgotten .
unforgettable
honored screen veteran
hooks us completely
hooks us
bring off this wild Welsh whimsy .
bring fresh , unforced naturalism to their characters .
highbrow
this intricately structured and well-realized drama that presents a fascinating glimpse of urban life and the class warfare that embroils two young men
an often-cute film
an oddly fascinating depiction of an architect of pop culture
an old-fashioned nature film that educates viewers with words and pictures while entertaining them
caused me to jump in my chair ...
caused
well
going at a rapid pace , occasionally using an omniscient voice-over narrator in the manner of French New Wave films
finely detailed
going out and enjoying the big-screen experience
fire a torpedo
A fleet-footed and pleasingly upbeat family
A flawed film but an admirable one that tries to immerse us in a world of artistic abandon and political madness and very nearly
A flick about our infantilized culture that is n't entirely infantile
A flick about our infantilized culture that is n't entirely infantile .
A fleet-footed and pleasingly upbeat family diversion .
A four star performance
A four star performance from Kevin Kline who unfortunately works with a two star script
one thing you could n't say is that Alias Betty is predictable .
one of the saddest films I have ever seen that still manages to be uplifting but not overly sentimental
one of Polanski 's best films
one that speaks volumes about the ability of the human spirit to find solace in events that could easily crush it forever
one that grows in power in retrospect .
one that grows in power in retrospect
most impressive player
that made her an interesting character to begin with
jokester highway patrolmen
faith , hope and charity
the best and most mature comedy of the 2002 summer season
that made it all work
the best ensemble casts
the best case for Christianity
the best case
the best and most mature comedy of the 2002 summer season speaks more of the season than the picture
It has more than a few moments that are insightful enough to be fondly remembered in the endlessly challenging maze of moviegoing .
It haunts , horrifies , startles and fascinates
It haunts , horrifies , startles and fascinates ;
It haunts , horrifies , startles and fascinates ; it is impossible to look away . Ah yes
It haunts , horrifies , startles and fascinates ; it is impossible to look away . Ah yes ,
it 's great cinematic polemic
it 's like dying and going to celluloid heaven
it 's never boring
it 's propelled by the acting
it 's so successful at lodging itself in the brain
a tree
a trend long overdue
a tribute to the power of women to heal
a trenchant , ironic cultural satire instead of a frustrating misfire
a true ` epic '
, there 's much to recommend the film .
, there 's a certain robustness to this engaging mix of love and bloodletting .
, the women shine .
, the true wonder of Rintarô 's Metropolis is the number of lasting images all its own .
, then They works spectacularly well ... A shiver-inducing , nerve-rattling ride .
, the story has the sizzle of old news that has finally found the right vent ( accurate ? Who cares ? ) .
, the tale has turned from sweet to bittersweet , and when the tears come during that final , beautiful scene , they finally feel absolutely earned .
, the story offers a trenchant critique of capitalism .
this `` Two Weddings and a Funeral '' fun
this charmer has a spirit that can not be denied
this charmer
this chiaroscuro of madness and light
that makes all the difference
times , the startling optimism , of the children
weird , wacky and wonderful
it arrives
are particularly engaging or articulate .
to be exploring the idea of why human beings long for what they do n't have , and how this gets us in trouble .
that most surprising of nations
with a decent sense of humor and plenty of things that go boom
with a hugely enjoyable film about changing times , clashing cultures and the pleasures of a well-made pizza
technical , logistical feat
lively songs for deft punctuation
times , the startling optimism ,
little humor to lighten things up
lively songs
lively
enables Shafer to navigate spaces both large ... and small ... with considerable aplomb
It 's hard to imagine anyone managing to steal a movie not only from charismatic rising star Jake Gyllenhaal but also from accomplished Oscar winners Susan Sarandon , Dustin Hoffman and Holly Hunter , yet newcomer Ellen Pompeo pulls off the feat with aplomb .
It 's immensely ambitious , different than anything that 's been done before and amazingly successful in terms of what it 's trying to do .
It 's incredible the number of stories the Holocaust has generated . Just when you think that every possible angle has been exhausted by documentarians
more charming than in About a Boy
more complex
, Piccoli is warmly affecting and so is this adroitly minimalist movie .
's flawed and brilliant
all the classic dramas
all the comic possibilities of its situation
all the complexity and
all the complications
Drumline ably captures the complicated relationships in a marching band .
Drumline is its energy
recommend it
dumb , fun , curiously adolescent movie
some of the funniest jokes of any movie
some of the biggest names in Japanese anime , with impressive results
some powerful people
some powerful emotions
pleasant , designed
pleasant ,
Being Earnest '' overcome its weaknesses
the year with its exquisite acting , inventive screenplay , mesmerizing music , and many inimitable scenes
'll still have a good time
'll still have a good time .
'll love it and probably want to see it twice .
'll love this movie .
'll probably love it
'll probably love it .
But in terms of its style , the movie is in a class by itself
Bursting through the constraints of its source , this is one adapted - from-television movie that actually looks as if it belongs on the big screen .
What sets it apart is the vision that Taymor , the avant garde director of Broadway 's The Lion King and the film Titus , brings .
What sets Ms. Birot 's film apart from others in the genre is a greater attention to the parents -- and particularly the fateful fathers -- in the emotional evolution of the two bewitched adolescents .
But it does have one saving grace .
, one the public rarely sees .
, though , there is a really cool bit -- the movie 's conception of a future-world holographic librarian ( Orlando Jones ) who knows everything and answers all questions , is visually smart , cleverly written , and nicely realized .
, this sad , occasionally horrifying but often inspiring film is among Wiseman 's warmest .
, this space-based homage to Robert Louis Stevenson 's Treasure Island fires on all plasma conduits .
ultimately more satisfying than the teary-eyed original
ultimately winning story
, one is struck less by its lavish grandeur than by its intimacy and precision .
generates plot points
generating suspense
but something far more stylish and cerebral -- and , hence
the kind of elegant symmetry
seems endless
RINGU when you 've seen the remake first . Many of the effective horror elements are dampened through familiarity , ( yet ) are worthwhile
Rabbit-Proof Fence is a quest story as grand as The Lord of the Rings
small gem
Saddled with an unwieldy cast of characters and angles , but the payoff is powerful and revelatory .
ribald , full-throated humor
ribbing itself to be truly entertaining
consciousness-raiser
considerable force and truth
considerable personal charm
considerable power
real dawns , comic relief
real bump-in - the-night chills
Presents an astute appraisal of Middle American musical torpor and the desperate struggle to escape it .
edits
edge-of-your-seat
edge-of-your-seat , educational antics
ecologically minded , wildlife friendly film
Pumpkin dares us to say why either is impossible -- which forces us to confront what 's possible and what we might do to make it so .
long last
awfully entertaining
awakens
of his richest roles
of his talents
of how the bike still remains an ambiguous icon in Chinese society .
of horror and revenge that is nearly perfect in its relentless descent to the depths of one man
A modestly comic , modestly action-oriented World War II adventure that , in terms of authenticity
A modestly comic , modestly action-oriented World War II adventure that ,
A modestly comic , modestly action-oriented World War II adventure that
A modestly comic , modestly action-oriented World War II adventure
Such master screenwriting comes courtesy of John Pogue , the Yale grad who previously gave us '' The Skulls '' and last year 's '' Rollerball . '' Enough said ,
Such master screenwriting comes courtesy of John Pogue , the Yale grad who previously gave us '' The Skulls '' and last year 's '' Rollerball . '' Enough said
Such master screenwriting comes courtesy of John Pogue , the Yale grad who previously gave us '' The Skulls '' and last year 's '' Rollerball . ''
Such master screenwriting comes courtesy of John Pogue , the Yale grad who previously gave us '' The Skulls '' and last year 's '' Rollerball .
black-and-white archival footage
professional film
produced sparkling retina candy
( City ) reminds us how realistically nuanced a Robert De Niro performance can be when he is not more lucratively engaged in the shameless self-caricature of ` Analyze This ' ( 1999 ) and ` Analyze That , ' promised ( or threatened ) for later this year .
( But it 's ) worth recommending because of two marvelous performances by Michael Caine and Brendan Fraser .
( Clooney 's ) debut can be accused of being a bit undisciplined , but it has a tremendous , offbeat sense of style and humor that suggests he was influenced by some of the filmmakers who have directed him , especially the Coen brothers and Steven Soderbergh
( Clooney 's ) debut can be accused of being a bit undisciplined , but it has a tremendous , offbeat sense of style and humor that suggests he was influenced by some of the filmmakers who have directed him , especially the Coen brothers and Steven Soderbergh .
fresh view
fresh-faced , big-hearted and frequently
. I loved this film .
. It is also a testament to the integrity and vision of the band .
goofily endearing and well-lensed
to call this one an eventual cult classic would be an understatement
halfway intriguing plot
boxes these women 's souls right open for us
boxes these women 's souls right open for us .
box office money that makes Michael Jordan jealous
lucid work
There are laughs aplenty , and , as a bonus , viewers do n't have to worry about being subjected to farts , urine , feces , semen , or any of the other foul substances that have overrun modern-day comedies
There are laughs aplenty , and , as a bonus , viewers do n't have to worry about being subjected to farts , urine , feces , semen , or any of the other foul substances that have overrun modern-day comedies .
There are moments of hilarity to be had .
There are laughs aplenty
There are laughs aplenty ,
There are laughs aplenty , and
There are laughs aplenty , and , as a bonus ,
intelligent and restrained
intelligent and restrained coming-of-age drama
intelligent , moving and invigorating film
intelligent , romantic and rapturous
intelligent , stylish
intelligent , stylish moviemaking
intelligent , earnest , intimate film
intelligent , moving and invigorating
he harvests a few movie moment gems
he does n't unveil it until the end , after endless scenes of him wheedling reluctant witnesses and pointing his camera through the smeared windshield of his rental car
the most purely enjoyable and satisfying evenings
the most multilayered and sympathetic female characters of the year
the most ravaging , gut-wrenching , frightening war scenes since `` Saving Private Ryan ''
the most purely enjoyable and satisfying evenings at the movies I 've had in a while
kid-friendly outing
kid-friendly
kid-empowerment fantasy
kid-empowerment
pour delightfully piquant wine from aged bottles .
powerful enough to leave the screen sizzling with intrigue
pour delightfully piquant wine from aged bottles
prankish comedy
kids ( of all ages ) that like adventure
is painterly
is painterly .
is our story as much as it is Schmidt 's , no matter if it 's viewed as a self-reflection or cautionary tale .
is one summer film that satisfies
The stars may be college kids , but the subject matter is as adult as you can get :
teen fare
teen movies go , '' Orange County '' is a refreshing change
guilt in an intriguing bit of storytelling
stops moving , portraying both the turmoil of the time and giving Conduct a perpetual sense of urgency , which , for a film that takes nearly three hours to unspool , is both funny and irritating .
guilt-free
its gasp-inducing ending
its gasp-inducing
its goodwill close
its goodwill
for teens to laugh , groan and hiss
make this surprisingly decent flick
make this delicate coming-of-age tale a treat
make this a moving experience for people who have n't read the book
make this surprisingly decent flick worth a summertime look-see .
make this surprisingly decent flick worth a summertime look-see
mostly told through on-camera interviews with several survivors , whose riveting memories are rendered with such clarity that it 's as if it all happened only yesterday
and unselfconscious
albeit one made by the smartest kids in class
albeit one made by the smartest kids in class .
alert , if not
... the plot weaves us into a complex web .
his children to create his song history
... standard guns versus martial arts cliche with little new added .
... strips Bible stores of the potential for sanctimoniousness , making them meaningful for both kids and church-wary adults .
heroes
his best work
his blessing to
has a feel for the character at all stages of her life
willing to let the earnestness of its execution and skill of its cast take you down a familiar road with a few twists .
willing to let the earnestness of its execution and skill of its cast take you down a familiar road with a few twists . Cynics
hard-to-predict and absolutely essential chemistry
has a delightfully dour , deadpan tone and stylistic consistency .
has a delightfully dour , deadpan tone and stylistic consistency
harrowing drama
is a filmmaker with a real flair for epic landscapes and adventure
the reality of its characters to go over the edge
the charisma and ability
the characters will not disappoint anyone who values the original comic books .
the characters that made the first film such a delight
that strikes a very resonant chord
the charm and little
is n't horrible
carried out
that suck the audience in
valuable messages
's surprisingly decent
input
the delicate forcefulness
innocent yet fervid
is not just the spice ,
is nearly perfect in its relentless descent
through this frankly fantastical by-the-numbers b-flick with just a suspension of disbelief . rather
this properly intense , claustrophobic tale of obsessive love
A wildly entertaining scan of Evans ' career .
this peek into the 1970s skateboard revolution
's such a warm and charming package that you 'll feel too happy to argue much
live happily ever after
peace is possible .
pays earnest homage to turntablists and beat jugglers , old schoolers and current innovators
pedestrian
live happily ever
live happily
a teen movie with a humanistic message
most ingenious and entertaining
If there 's no art here , it 's still a good yarn -- which is nothing to sneeze at these days .
If the first Men in Black was money , the second is small change . But it still jingles in the pocket .
If Steven Soderbergh 's ` Solaris ' is a failure it is a glorious failure .
If you 're a fan of the series you 'll love it and probably want to see it twice . I will be .
If you 're a fan of the series you 'll love it and probably want to see it twice .
Arnold and his buddy Gerald bounce off a quirky cast of characters
The long-range appeal of '' Minority Report ''
The movie 's quiet affirmation
The movie 's quiet affirmation of neighborhood values gives it an honest , lived-in glow .
Arteta directs one of the best ensemble casts of the year
a terrific role
the cinematic canon ,
Scratch ' is a pretty decent little documentary
Sea 's
with honesty that is tragically rare in the depiction of young women in film
with gentle humor , bittersweet pathos , and lyric moments
with hearts of gold
with heart and humor
the film 's considered approach to its subject
he 's back in form , with an astoundingly rich film
overtones
a form of bravery . For this reason and this reason only -- the power of its own steadfast , hoity-toity convictions -- Chelsea Walls deserves a medal
remains prominent ,
remains prominent , as do the girls ' amusing personalities
less manic
remains prominent , as do the girls ' amusing personalities .
Michael Moore has perfected the art of highly entertaining , self-aggrandizing , politically motivated documentary-making , and he 's got as potent a topic as ever here .
Michael Moore has perfected the art of highly entertaining , self-aggrandizing , politically motivated documentary-making
Michael Moore has perfected the art of highly entertaining , self-aggrandizing , politically motivated documentary-making ,
Michael Moore has perfected the art of highly entertaining , self-aggrandizing , politically motivated documentary-making , and
Michael Moore has perfected the art of highly entertaining , self-aggrandizing , politically motivated documentary-making , and he 's got as potent a topic as ever here
's Revenge : Ultimate Edition
Mike Leigh populates his movie with a wonderful ensemble cast of characters that bring the routine day to day struggles of the working class to life
It 's truly awful and heartbreaking subject matter , but one whose lessons are well worth revisiting as many times as possible .
It 's the type of film about growing up that we do n't see often enough these days : realistic , urgent , and not sugarcoated in the least .
It 's the type of film about growing up that we do n't see often enough these days : realistic , urgent , and not sugarcoated in the least
It 's the type of film about growing up that we do n't see often enough these days : realistic , urgent , and not
It 's the type of film about growing up that we do n't see often enough these days : realistic , urgent , and
It 's up to ( Watts ) to lend credibility to this strange scenario , and her presence succeeds in making us believe .
Get
A slick , engrossing melodrama .
A technical triumph and an extraordinary
among recent Iranian films
among the most enjoyable
among the most breathtakingly designed films I 've ever seen
among cinema 's finest this year .
presence and star quality
seems to include every top-notch British actor who did not appear in Gosford Park ( as well as one , Ms . Mirren , who did )
seems to elicit a chuckle
seems to enjoy its own transparency
know how to fill a frame . Like the Hanks character
and witty feature
and unabashed sweetness
valentine
an intriguing story of maternal instincts
an intriguing story
an intoxicating show
an interesting technical exercise
an interesting movie
an interesting exercise by talented writer\/director Anderson
an interesting exercise
an intense experience
an intriguing story of maternal instincts and misguided acts of affection
an intriguing story of maternal instincts and
's Black Hawk Down with more heart .
's Black Hawk Down with more heart
It all adds up to good fun .
It 's witty and inventive , too , and in hindsight , it is n't even all that dumb .
It deserves to be seen by anyone with even a passing interest in the events shaping the world beyond their own horizons .
It extends a warm invitation into an unfamiliar world , then illuminates it fully and allows the larger implications of the journey to sink in unobtrusively
It dares to be a little different
It dares to be a little different , and that shading is what makes it worthwhile .
It further declares its director , Zhang Yang of Shower , as a boldly experimental , contemporary stylist with a bright future .
Big Deal on Madonna Street '' that 's a sly , amusing , laugh-filled little gem in which the ultimate '' Bellini '' begins to look like a '' real Kaputschnik
Bernstein 's
be plenty of female audience members drooling over Michael Idemoto as Michael
be pleasant in spite of its predictability
be one of the most appealing movies ever made about an otherwise appalling , and downright creepy , subject -- a teenage boy in love with his stepmother
viewers willing to take a chance will be rewarded with two of the year 's most accomplished and riveting film performances
Mixes
Miike
Mick Jagger gives his best movie performance since , well , Performance .
memorable images ...
can truly be
can watch , giggle and get an adrenaline boost without feeling like you 've completely lowered your entertainment standards
can take credit for most of the movie 's success
can write and deliver a one liner as well as anybody
can watch , giggle and get an adrenaline boost without feeling like you 've completely lowered your entertainment standards .
there 's guilty fun to be had here . Chomp chomp
Mr . Mattei fosters moments of spontaneous intimacy
then go see this delightful comedy .
then The Grey Zone is to be lauded for finding a new and ingenious angle .
then you 're at the right film .
theories
In addition to scoring high for originality of plot -- putting together familiar themes of family , forgiveness and love in a new way -- Lilo & Stitch has a number of other assets to commend it to movie audiences both innocent and jaded .
a juicy
In Praise of Love
In addition to scoring high for originality of plot
In Praise of Love ' is the director 's epitaph for himself
In Death to Smoochy , we do n't get Williams ' usual tear and a smile , just sneers and bile , and the spectacle is nothing short of refreshing .
In IMAX in short , it 's just as wonderful on the big screen .
red hot
redeeming feature
redeeming value
redeeming features
a jolly surprise
uses the last act to reel in the audience since its poignancy hooks us completely .
uses the huge-screen format to make an old-fashioned nature film that educates viewers with words and pictures while entertaining them .
a joy
it so beautifully
it so lovingly
it pulls us into its world , gives us a hero whose suffering and triumphs we can share , surrounds him with interesting characters and sends us out of the theater feeling
it puts far more polished documentaries to shame .
it raises , the performances of Stewart and Hardy
it really counts
a determined woman 's courage to find her husband in a war zone
a detailed personal portrait
it so lovingly and films it so beautifully
it so lovingly and films it so beautifully that I could n't help being captivated by it
a deserved co-winner
life affirming
builds to an intense indoor drama about compassion , sacrifice , and Christian love
life affirming '
builds its multi-character story
building up to the climactic burst of violence
life affirming and heartbreaking ,
life .
life . A little melodramatic
Janice comes racing to the rescue in the final reel
Jane Wyman and
James Bond thriller
, it 's John Turturro , who 's simply fab as a Spanish butler with a foot fetish .
be rapidly absorbed
be pleased to discover that Tian 's meticulous talent has not withered during his enforced hiatus
light-hearted comedy was his forte
life affirming and heartbreaking , sweet without the decay factor
light-hearted comedy
Nothing short of wonderful with its ten-year-old female protagonist and its steadfast refusal to set up a dualistic battle between good and evil .
Nothing short of a masterpiece -- and a challenging one .
Nothing short of a masterpiece -- and a challenging one
sets itself apart by forming a chain of relationships that come full circle to end on a positive ( if tragic ) note
sets out with no pretensions and delivers big time
sets the film apart is Debrauwer 's refusal to push the easy emotional buttons
sets this romantic comedy apart from most Hollywood romantic comedies
sets this romantic comedy apart
nice Belgian waffle
Just bring on the Battle Bots , please !
Just like a splendid meal , Red Dragon satisfies -- from its ripe recipe , inspiring ingredients , certified cuisine and palatable presentation .
Just like a splendid meal
recommend it for its originality alone
a really strong second effort
a really solid Woody Allen film
a realistic , non-exploitive approach
a real writer plot
a real story
always a narratively cohesive one
always a narratively cohesive one .
always fairly
deliberate laughs
delighted simply
delight Plympton 's legion of fans
vivid performances
vividly back
provides an invaluable service by sparking debate and encouraging thought . Better still , he does all of this , and more , while remaining one of the most savagely hilarious social critics this side of Jonathan Swift .
provides an invaluable service by sparking debate and encouraging thought . Better still , he does all of this , and more , while remaining one of the most savagely hilarious social critics this side of Jonathan Swift
sign
marvel at the sometimes murky , always brooding look of I
marvel again
marveilleux
signs is a good film
The cast , collectively a successful example of the lovable-loser protagonist
more relevant than 9 1\/2 Weeks
more pleasurable
spellbinding African
There 's nothing like love to give a movie a B-12 shot ,
There 's nothing like love to give a movie a B-12 shot
There 's nothing like love to give a movie a B-12 shot , and
There 's nothing more satisfying during a summer of event movies than a spy thriller like The Bourne Identity that 's packed with just as much intelligence as action .
There 's nothing like love to give a movie a B-12 shot , and CQ shimmers with it .
There 's so much to look at in Metropolis you hate to tear your eyes away from the images long enough to read the subtitles .
There 's plenty to impress about E . T .
pretty good time
goes beyond his usual fluttering and stammering and
goes beyond his usual fluttering and stammering and captures the soul of a man in pain who gradually comes to recognize it and deal with it
go your emotions , taking them to surprising highs , sorrowful lows and hidden impulsive niches ... gorgeous , passionate , and at times uncommonly moving
A lovely film ... elegant , witty and beneath a prim exterior unabashedly romantic
A lovely film ... elegant , witty and beneath a prim exterior unabashedly romantic ...
After the first 10 minutes , which is worth seeing
telling what at heart is a sweet little girl
presenting an impossible romance in an impossible world
Ago
the pleasure of watching them
the piquant
A lovely film
A lovely film ...
prevents the proceedings from feeling repetitious , as does the appropriately brief 40-minute running time
it is worth searching out .
it is were it not for the striking , quietly vulnerable personality of Ms . Ambrose
it is spooky and subtly in love with myth
it is unwavering and arresting
dream
elevates the material above pat inspirational status and gives it a sturdiness and solidity that we 've long associated with Washington the actor
draws several decent laughs
is an effective and claustrophobic thriller .
elevates the material above pat inspirational status and gives it a sturdiness and solidity that we 've long associated with Washington
forces us to consider the unthinkable , the unacceptable , the unmentionable
elevates the material above pat inspirational status and
is an undeniably fascinating and playful fellow .
forces you to ponder anew what a movie can be
George Orwell might have imagined had today 's mood-altering drug therapy been envisioned by chemists in 1949
elevates the experience
A compelling yarn , but not quite a ripping one
A compelling yarn , but not quite a ripping one .
A compelling yarn
A compelling motion
A compelling motion picture that illustrates an American tragedy .
A compelling Spanish film about the withering effects of jealousy in the life
A compelling Spanish film about the withering effects of jealousy in the life of a young monarch whose sexual passion for her husband becomes an obsession
heaving passion
, albeit a visually compelling one ,
jovial air
joyful or
Sharp ,
joyful or at least fascinating
Smith 's point is simple and obvious -- people 's homes are extensions of themselves , and particularly eccentric people have particularly eccentric living spaces -- but his subjects are charmers
Smith profiles five extraordinary American homes ,
triumphant
the peculiarly moral amorality of ( Woo 's ) best work
the pantheon of the best of the swashbucklers
moves beyond the original 's nostalgia for the communal film experiences of yesteryear
the outcome of `` Intacto 's '' dangerous and seductively stylish game
Oscar-nominated documentary
Painful to watch , but viewers willing to take a chance will be rewarded with two of the year 's most accomplished and riveting film performances .
less as a documentary and more as a found relic
magnificent to behold in its sparkling beauty yet in reality it 's one tough rock .
magnificent to behold in its sparkling beauty
magnetic as Graham
engross even the most antsy youngsters
that tell the best story
that team up for a
with revelation and excitement
with remarkable assuredness for a first-timer
one-of-a-kind work
You 'll gasp appalled and laugh outraged and possibly , watching the spectacle of a promising young lad treading desperately in a nasty sea , shed an errant tear
airy cinematic bon bons
and wonder
and wonderfully dyspeptic
and wonderful
and wise
and wisdom
almost anyone 's willingness
almost in a class with that of Wilde
little doubt
little doubt that Kidman has become one of our best actors
dig on David Mamet 's mind tricks ...
little catch
nails hard
nails hard - boiled Hollywood argot with a bracingly nasty accuracy
nails hard -
Ram Dass : Fierce Grace is worth seeking out .
The creaking , rusty ship makes a fine backdrop
the alchemical transmogrification of Wilde into Austen --
missing a beat . Ben Kingsley is truly funny
misty-eyed Southern nostalgia piece
're at the right film .
're at the right film
're as happy listening to movies as you are watching them , and the slow parade of human frailty fascinates you
're all in this together
're a fan of the series you 'll love it and probably want to see it twice .
the screenplay to keep the film entertaining
this self-deprecating , biting and witty feature
this script
this smart
Audiences are advised to sit near the back and squint to avoid noticing some truly egregious lip-non-synching , but otherwise the production is suitably elegant .
Austin Powers for the most part is extremely funny , the first part making up for any flaws that come later .
, giggly little story
, genuine
, fun , curiously adolescent movie
, funny humor make '' ''
, funny and beautifully
strong on personality
add anything fresh
acute character study
of a kids ' story
still there , for everybody who wants to be a kid again , or show it to their own kids
for words , for its eccentric , accident-prone characters , and for the crazy things that keep people going in this crazy life
solid and affecting and
Schnieder
Rich
for two bright stars of the moment who can rise to fans ' lofty expectations
for us
for with a great , fiery passion
A blessed gift to film geeks and historians . If the '70 's were your idea of a good time at the movies , this will make you very happy .
A bold and subversive film
Scoob
Rich in detail , gorgeously shot and beautifully acted , Les Destinees is , in its quiet , epic way , daring , inventive and refreshingly unusual .
Rich in detail , gorgeously shot and beautifully acted
often elegantly considers various levels of reality and uses shifting points of view
proper home
. Good actress .
A breezy , diverting , conventional , well-acted tale
A breezy , diverting , conventional , well-acted tale of two men
much more eye-catching than its blood-drenched stephen norrington-directed predecessor
much more eye-catching
much interest in the elizabethans (
the film , sporting a breezy spontaneity and realistically drawn characterizations
'd want to watch if you only had a week to live
. One of the best of the year
things that elevate '' Glory '' above most of its ilk , most notably the mere presence of Duvall
by Friel and Williams 's exceptional performances
will impress even those viewers who have little patience for Euro-film pretension
's never boring
A broadly played , lowbrow comedy in which the cast delivers mildly amusing performances and no farm animals were injured by any of the gags .
wink
win you over
It is hard not to be especially grateful for freedom after a film like this .
It is different from others in its genre in that it is does not rely on dumb gags , anatomical humor , or character cliches ; it primarily relies on character to tell its story .
It is different from others in its genre in that it is does not rely on dumb gags , anatomical humor , or character cliches ; it primarily relies on character to tell its story
It is different from others in its genre in that it is does not rely on dumb gags , anatomical humor , or character cliches ;
It is life affirming and heartbreaking , sweet without the decay factor , funny and sad .
has a raw exhilaration about it
Some people march to the beat of a different drum , and if you ever wondered what kind of houses those people live in , this documentary takes a look at 5 alternative housing options
it draws several decent laughs
it ca n't help but engage an audience
it 's truly awful and heartbreaking subject matter , but one whose lessons are well worth revisiting as many times as possible .
it 's truly awful and heartbreaking subject matter , but one whose lessons are well worth revisiting as many times as possible
conjures up the intoxicating fumes and emotional ghosts of a freshly painted Rembrandt
a more straightforward , dramatic treatment ,
Barbershop '
Barbershop ' shows he 's on his way
The fact that The Rookie is a nearly impeccable cinematic experience -- and a wonderful all-ages triumph besides -- is a miracle akin to the story the film portrays .
a warm , enveloping affection
a more mythic level
a voice for a pop-cyber culture
a vivid personality
old-fashioned swashbuckling
, open-hearted film
an oddly winning portrayal
an obvious rapport with her actors and a striking style behind the camera
an ode to unconditional love and compassion garnered from years of seeing it all , a condition only the old are privy to , and ... often misconstrued as weakness
an oddly winning portrayal of one
an oddly winning portrayal of one of life 's ultimate losers
While American Adobo has its heart ( and its palate ) in the right place
While Hoffman 's performance is great
While Hollywood Ending has its share of belly laughs ( including a knockout of a closing line )
While Holm is terrific as both men and Hjejle quite appealing
the troopers will entertain with their gross outs , bawdy comedy and head games .
an enjoyably
The film 's performances are thrilling .
an enjoyably frothy ` date movie ' ...
Woo
Witty , touching and well paced .
Witty
Without resorting to hyperbole , I can state that Kissing Jessica Stein may be the best same-sex romance I have seen .
endlessly inventive , fiercely competitive
endlessly challenging
this a remarkable and novel concept
have one helluva time at the movies
have fun meeting
revolutionary
rich detail condensed
rich tale
rich veins of funny stuff in this movie
rich visual clarity and deeply
sweet and modest
sweet , laugh-a-minute crowd pleaser
sweetness , clarity and emotional
sweetly adventurous
sweet romance
was time on that second round to see the subtleties of Ramsay 's portrait of grief
sweetness , clarity and emotional openness
explored with infinitely more grace and eloquence in his Prelude to a Kiss
Broomfield has a rather unique approach to documentary .
sobering , heart-felt drama
Much of the movie 's charm
Much of the movie 's charm lies in the utter cuteness of Stuart and Margolo . Their computer-animated faces are very expressive .
Much monkeyfun
Much monkeyfun for all .
Ms . Leoni
Mr . Zhang
Puts a refreshing and comical spin on the all-too-familiar saga of the contemporary single woman
Among the many pleasures
Pure cinematic intoxication , a wildly inventive mixture of comedy and melodrama , tastelessness and swooning elegance .
Among the many pleasures are the lively intelligence of the artists and their perceptiveness about their own situations .
above all it 's a love story as sanguine as its title
Amid the cliché and foreshadowing , Cage manages a degree of casual realism ... that is routinely dynamited by Blethyn
fiercely clever and subtle film
fierce competition
Cool gadgets and creatures keep this fresh . Not as good as the original , but what is
( reynolds ) takes a classic story , casts attractive and talented actors and uses a magnificent landscape to create a feature film that is wickedly fun to watch
( reynolds ) takes a classic story , casts attractive and talented actors and uses a magnificent landscape to create a feature film that is wickedly fun to watch .
fiercely intelligent
Ultimately engages less for its story of actorly existential despair than for its boundary-hopping formal innovations and glimpse into another kind of Chinese ` cultural revolution . '
as a tribute
as a well-made evocation of a subculture
a freaky bit of art that 's there to scare while we delight in the images
a fresh and absorbing look
a fresh way
a freshly painted Rembrandt
a freshness and modesty
reveals that efforts toward closure only open new wounds
Has all the right elements
Has enough wit
Has enough wit , energy and geniality to please not only the fanatical adherents on either side , but also people who know nothing about the subject and think they 're not interested .
Has its charming quirks and its dull spots
Cool gadgets and creatures keep this fresh . Not as good as the original , but what is ...
starts out as competent but unremarkable ... and gradually grows into something of considerable power
starts out as competent but unremarkable ... and gradually grows into something of considerable power .
strong and convincing
splendidly cast pair
splendid actors
splashed with bloody beauty as vivid as any Scorsese has ever given us .
splashed with bloody beauty as vivid as any Scorsese has ever given us
of the plot and a powerfully evocative mood combining heated sexuality with a haunting sense of malaise
of the outstanding thrillers of recent years
of the people who loved the 1989 Paradiso will prefer this new version
the everyday lives
their outrageousness
ultimate thrills
the timeless spectacle of people
the timeless spectacle
the ticket you need
by a bona-fide master , a fascinating film replete with rewards to be had by all willing to make the effort to reap them
by following a feel-good formula with a winning style
by skilled ensemble actors
acquires an undeniable entertainment value as the slight , pale Mr. Broomfield continues to force himself on people and into situations that would make lesser men run for cover .
acquires an undeniable entertainment value as the slight , pale Mr. Broomfield continues to force himself on people and into situations that would make lesser men run for cover
achieve a shock-you-into-laughter intensity of almost Dadaist proportions .
nice change
nice album
A marvelous performance by Allison Lohman
A marvelous performance by Allison Lohman as an identity-seeking foster child .
nice to see Piscopo again after all these years
nice girl-buddy movie
of a movie that keeps throwing fastballs
of a love affair
of a minor miracle in Unfaithful
of a man whose engaging manner and flamboyant style made him a truly larger-than-life character
evolved from star to superstar some time over the past year , which means that Birthday Girl is the kind of quirkily appealing minor movie she might not make for a while .
Just when you think that every possible angle has been exhausted by documentarians , another new film emerges with yet another remarkable yet shockingly little-known perspective .
evolves
to see anytime soon
a fuller experience
evolves into what has become of us all in the era of video .
it 's worth seeing
it 's worth the concentration .
it actually makes the heart soar
as grown-up escapism
as it is enlightening to listen to new sides of a previous reality , and to visit with some of the people who were able to make an impact in the theater world
Oprah 's
Opening up
Southern charm
Sparkles
Spain
Sparkles in its deft portrait of Tinseltown 's seasoned veterans of gossip
Sparkles in its deft portrait of Tinseltown 's seasoned veterans
Sparkles in its deft portrait of Tinseltown 's seasoned veterans of gossip , wealth
Sparkles in its deft portrait of Tinseltown 's seasoned veterans of gossip ,
Sparkles in its deft portrait of Tinseltown 's seasoned veterans of gossip , wealth ,
be remembered as one of ( Witherspoon 's ) better films
pretension , in its own way , is a form of bravery . for this reason and this reason only -- the power of its own steadfast , hoity-toity convictions -- chelsea walls deserves a medal
goes on for the 110 minutes of '' Panic Room
It is a kickass , dense sci-fi action thriller hybrid that delivers and then some . I have n't seen one in so long , no wonder I did n't recognize it at first
is terrific as both men
It 's traditional moviemaking all the way , but it 's done with a lot of careful period attention as well as some very welcome wit
It dares to be a little different , and
It dares to be a little different ,
It helps that Lil Bow Wow ...
It dares to be a little different , and that shading is what makes it worthwhile
It is a kickass , dense sci-fi action thriller hybrid that delivers and
the rare common-man artist who 's wise enough to recognize that there are few things in this world more complex -- and , as it turns out , more fragile -- than happiness
the rare common-man artist
the rare capability to soothe and break your heart with a single stroke
thrilling combination
thrilling enough
three sides of his story with a sensitivity
three sides of his story with a sensitivity and an inquisitiveness reminiscent of Truffaut
Hashiguchi covers this territory with wit and originality , suggesting that with his fourth feature -- the first to be released in the U . S .
three-hour cinema master class .
A party-hearty teen
A painfully funny ode to bad behavior .
A painfully funny
A no-holds-barred cinematic treat .
A pleasant enough romance
A perfectly pleasant if slightly pokey comedy .
A perfectly pleasant if slightly pokey comedy
A pleasant enough romance with intellectual underpinnings ,
A pleasant enough romance with intellectual underpinnings
our emotional investment
our close ties with animals
that already knows it 's won
can get past the fantastical aspects and harsh realities of '' the isle '' you 'll get a sock-you-in-the-eye flick that is a visual tour-de-force and a story that is unlike any
has to do is look radiant , grimly purposeful and mildly alarmed while forcing open doors , wielding wrenches and fleeing monsters
obvious ( Je-Gyu is ) trying for poetry
the grandiosity of a college student who sees himself as impervious to a fall
the grandness
admirably ambitious
admirably
admirably ambitious but self-indulgent
admirably ambitious but
some genuine quirkiness
an uneasy mix of sensual delights and simmering violence
an unconventional storyteller , capable of finding beauty in the most depressing places
an unconventional storyteller
an otherwise excellent film . A powerful performance from Mel Gibson and a brutal 90-minute battle sequence that does everything but issue you a dog-tag and an M-16
an otherwise excellent film . A powerful performance from Mel Gibson and
dry humor
Fine
Finds a way to tell a simple story , perhaps the simplest story of all , in a way that seems compelling and even original .
There 's absolutely no reason why Blue Crush , a late-summer surfer girl entry , should be as entertaining as it is
Field of Dreams
Few films this year have been as resolute in their emotional nakedness .
captures the moment when a woman 's life , out of a deep-seated , emotional need , is about to turn onto a different path
his personal obstacles
the resourceful Molly
the relationship between reluctant
Steven Seagal
extravagantly redeems it
extravaganza
Claire is a terrific role for someone like Judd , who really ought to be playing villains .
Clarke-Williams 's
The fight scenes are fun ,
are up there
are touching moments in Etoiles
captures the combustible mixture of a chafing inner loneliness and desperate grandiosity that tend to characterize puberty
raised a few notches above kiddie fantasy pablum by Allen 's astringent wit
raises the standard of her profession
ranks with the best of Herzog 's works
on par with the first one
on all cylinders
on a true and historically significant story
care about its protagonist and celebrate his victories
, the movie is certainly easy to watch .
extremely funny , ultimately heartbreaking
has all the enjoyable randomness of a very lively dream and so manages to be compelling , amusing and unsettling at the same time
has all the enjoyable randomness of a very lively dream and
has all the enjoyable randomness of a very lively dream
float like butterflies and the spinning styx sting like bees
has appeal beyond being a Sandra Bullock vehicle or a standard romantic comedy
has an infectious enthusiasm
could have given audiences the time of day by concentrating on the elements of a revealing alienation among a culture of people who sadly are at hostile odds with one another through recklessness and retaliation
not badly art-directed
much enjoyable to watch as it is enlightening to listen to new sides of a previous reality , and to visit with some of the people who were able to make an impact in the theater world
much of Vardalos ' humor , which transcends ethnic boundaries
my adoration
brings this unknown slice of history affectingly to life
brings this unknown slice of history affectingly to life .
brings to the role her pale , dark beauty and characteristic warmth
brisk , amusing pace
broad streaks of common sense
broad streaks of common sense emerge with unimpeachable clarity
broad streaks of common sense emerge with unimpeachable clarity .
broadcast
, deftly setting off uproarious humor with an underlying seriousness that sneaks up on the viewer , providing an experience that is richer than anticipated .
, dark beauty
, deeply felt
, dancing , singing , and unforgettable characters
a little more humanity
why animation is such a perfect medium for children , because of the way it allows the mind to enter and accept another world
shoots and scores
is Oscar-worthy .
is Polanski 's best film
is Polanski 's best film .
already knows it 's won
is a bright , light modern day family parable that wears its heart on its sleeve
is a brilliant movie . It is about irrational , unexplainable life and it seems so real because it does not attempt to filter out the complexity
is a brilliant movie . It is about irrational , unexplainable life and it seems so real because it does not attempt to filter out the complexity .
is a certain charm about the film that makes it a suitable entry into the fest circuit
the scientific over the spectacular ( visually speaking )
memorable film
memorable experience
If you like quirky , odd movies and\/or the ironic
memorable performance
If you love reading and\/or poetry , then by all means check it out .
If you like quirky , odd movies and\/or the ironic , here 's a fun one .
If you love reading and\/or poetry
dreamlike visuals
... with the gifted Pearce on hand to keep things on semi-stable ground dramatically , this retooled Machine is ultimately effective enough at achieving the modest , crowd-pleasing goals it sets for itself .
1 a worthwhile moviegoing experience
1 drips with style
DeMeo is not without talent ; he just needs better material
DeMeo is not without talent
the scenic splendor
skin to be proud of her Rubenesque physique
skill and determination
skilled actors
Notorious C . H . O . still feels like a promising work-in-progress
Manages to please its intended audience -- children -- without placing their parents in a coma-like state .
Manages to be wholesome and subversive at the same time .
Manhattan , Jennifer Lopez 's most aggressive and most sincere attempt
The mushy finale turns John Q into a movie-of-the-week tearjerker .
, has solid acting and a neat premise
to make it unforgettable
rarely easy , obvious or self-indulgent
rare sequel
rare remakes
rare capability to soothe and break your heart with a single stroke
rare Imax movie
rare depth
gets a lot of flavor and spice
gets a lot of flavor and spice into his Charade remake
charming and often affecting journey
charming result
Instead , he shows them the respect they are due .
A quietly reflective and melancholy New Zealand film about an eventful summer in a 13-year-old girl 's life .
A quietly reflective and melancholy New Zealand film about an eventful summer in a 13-year-old girl
the talent is undeniable
A psychological thriller with a smart script and an obsessive-compulsive 's attention to detail .
A psychological thriller
A psychologically rich and suspenseful moral thriller with a stellar performance by Al Pacino
A psychologically rich and suspenseful moral thriller
A quiet treasure
A psychologically rich and suspenseful moral thriller with a stellar performance by Al Pacino .
A quietly reflective and melancholy New Zealand film
A quiet treasure -- a film to be savored .
, A Walk to Remember is an inspirational love story , capturing the innocence and idealism of that first encounter .
, ( Testud ) acts with the feral intensity of the young Bette Davis .
) utterly convincing -- and deeply appealing -- as a noble teacher who embraces a strict moral code
, ' I feel better already .
, ' Michael Moore gives us the perfect starting point for a national conversation about guns , violence , and fear .
, '' A Walk to Remember '' succeeds through sincerity .
that might have made it an exhilarating
a memorable directorial
a memorable
a memorable directorial debut from king hunk
a memorable directorial debut
a model of what films
a model of what films like this should be like .
a model of what films like this should be like
turns out to be a sweet and enjoyable fantasy
turns into an engrossing thriller almost in spite of itself .
turns in a collectively stellar performance
turns into an engrossing thriller almost in spite of itself
filme consegue entreter
film touching
filmed in a natural , unforced style that makes its characters
stand tall
stand tall with Pryor , Carlin and Murphy
stand in future years as an eloquent memorial
stand in future years as an eloquent memorial to the World Trade Center tragedy
presents an audacious tour of the past and takes within its warm
with wit it plays like a reading from Bartlett 's Familiar Quotations
the line between sappy and sanguine
the light comedic work of Zhao Benshan and the delicate ways of Dong Jie
the light-footed enchantment
the light-footed enchantment the material needs
that real natural , even-flowing tone
that rarity among sequels
with wonderful performances that tug at your heart in ways that utterly transcend gender
vivid as the 19th-century ones
vivacious
vital action sequences
something the true film buff will enjoy
something quite fresh and delightful
is nothing less than a provocative piece of work
is obviously a labour of love
with which it integrates thoughtfulness and pasta-fagioli comedy
, and
, but I cried , not once , but three times in this animated sweet film
, but it 's easily his finest American film ... comes close to recapturing the brilliance of his Hong Kong films
, but we root for the patronized Iranian lad
-- and a wonderful all-ages triumph besides
-- and admirably
tickled
a great actress portraying a complex character
a great actress tearing into a landmark role
dizzily gorgeous
a good half-hour
do all three quite well
do all three quite well , making it one of the year 's most enjoyable releases
do all three quite well ,
looks genuinely pretty
looks genuinely pretty .
look really slick
chouraqui brings documentary-like credibility to the horrors of the killing field and the barbarism of ` ethnic cleansing .
oral storytelling frozen onto film
the filmmaker in the tall grass , true to himself
the filmmakers know that the likely audience will already be among the faithful
the filmmakers supply enough complications , close calls and double-crosses to satisfy us
the finest
the finest of specials
the first and simply the best family film of the year
the first movie
the first place
character development -- and more importantly , character empathy -- is at the heart of Italian for Beginners .
character development -- and more importantly , character empathy --
buoyant delivery
exceedingly clever
exceedingly clever piece
examine your own life in much the same way its characters do
exactly divine
This beautifully animated epic is never dull .
This beautifully animated epic
This bracingly truthful antidote to Hollywood teenage movies that slather Clearasil over the blemishes of youth captures the combustible mixture of a chafing inner loneliness and desperate grandiosity that tend to characterize puberty .
This comic gem
This breezy caper movie becomes a soulful , incisive meditation on the way we were , and the way we are .
this all works out
and masterfully
and psychologically resonant
and playful
illuminating study
illuminate
illuminate mysteries of sex , duty and love
illuminates what it means sometimes to be inside looking out , and at other times outside looking in
illuminates what it means sometimes to be inside looking out , and at other times outside looking in .
illuminating an era of theatrical comedy that , while past ,
to a treasure than a lengthy jail sentence
to a talented head
to a higher level
to an unlikely , but likable , hero
to appreciate the film 's easygoing blend of comedy and romance
to any actress I can remember to personifying independence in its purest and , yes , most intimidating form
as the very best of them
as the synergistic impulse that created it
uses Damon 's ability to be focused and sincere
wes craven 's presence is felt
it 's a sit down and ponder affair .
it 's a sit down and ponder affair . And
it 's a pretty good execution of a story that 's a lot richer than the ones Hollywood action screenwriters usually come up with on their own .
it 's a movie that gets under your skin
it 's a perfectly acceptable widget
it 's a film that affirms the nourishing aspects of love and companionship .
it 's a sit down and ponder affair . And thanks to Kline 's superbly nuanced performance , that pondering is highly pleasurable
a surprising winner with both adults and younger audiences
a superior movie
a surfeit of weighty revelations , flowery dialogue , and nostalgia for the past
so real
grand as The Lord of the Rings
Pictures
gradually makes us believe she is Kahlo
gradually accumulates more layers
gradually sneaks up on the audience
gets the job done .
gets rock-n-rolling
, it 's awfully entertaining to watch .
There are some laughs in this movie , but
work -- is charming , is moving
the relationships were wonderful , the comedy was funny
the relationships were wonderful , the comedy was funny ,
the relationships were wonderful
the relationships were wonderful ,
the remarkable ensemble cast
the relationships were wonderful , the comedy was funny , and
the relationships were wonderful , the comedy was funny , and the love ` real '
the remarkable ensemble cast brings them to life
, retrospectively , his most personal work yet
, reverent , and subtly different
, romance , tragedy , false dawns , real dawns , comic relief
, reminiscent of 1992 's Unforgiven which also utilized the scintillating force of its actors to draw out the menace of its sparse dialogue .
, resistance and artistic transcendence
kids-and-family-oriented
kids who read , kids who dream
kind , unapologetic
kids-and-family-oriented cable channel
howler
however , almost makes this movie worth seeing .
is , more often then
the scarifying
speak fluent flatula , ' advises Denlopp after a rather , er , bubbly exchange with an alien deckhand
intriguing and realistic
intriguing plot
intriguing , provocative
intriguing , provocative stuff
intoxicating documentary charting the rise of hip-hop culture in general and the art of scratching ( or turntablism ) in particular
intoxicating show
intoxicating documentary
intriguing questions
intriguing story
the chemistry between the women and the droll scene-stealing wit and wolfish pessimism of Anna Chancellor that makes this '' Two Weddings and a Funeral '' fun
` ke Burstein
` life affirming '
legally blonde and sweet
legally blonde and sweet home
Together shoots for ( and misses )
some cute moments , funny scenes ,
mentally '' superior
some cute moments ,
once the true impact of the day unfolds , the power of this movie is undeniable .
provides a satisfyingly unsettling ride into the dark places of our national psyche
provides a satisfyingly unsettling ride
provide an enjoyable 100 minutes in a movie theater
proves she 's that rare luminary who continually raises the standard of her profession .
proves she 's that rare luminary who continually raises the standard of her profession
proves to be sensational
desirable
biting and
funny , fast and loose , accessible to the uninitiated , and
funny , fast and loose , accessible to the uninitiated , and full
funny ,
funny , even punny 6
funniest and most likeable movie
funniest and most likeable movie in years
funny , fast and loose , accessible to the uninitiated
definitely tasty and sweet
close to hitting a comedic or satirical target
close-to-solid
Warm in its loving yet unforgivingly inconsistent depiction of everyday people , relaxed in its perfect quiet pace and proud in its message . I loved this film .
to deliver awe-inspiring , at times sublime , visuals
to crack a smile at
was Daniel Day-Lewis .
This is a picture that Maik , the firebrand turned savvy ad man , would be envious of :
This is a picture that Maik , the firebrand turned savvy ad man , would be envious of : it hijacks the heat of revolution and turns it into a sales tool
This is a heartfelt story ...
a world that 's often handled in fast-edit , hopped-up fashion
is a winner for kids , and no doubt a winner for Lil Bow Wow , who can now add movies to the list of things he does well
is a weirdly beautiful place
from a consummate actor incapable of being boring
is a very original artist in his medium
is a veritable source of sincere passion that this Hollywood contrivance orbits around
is about as cool and crowd-pleasing as a documentary can get .
A sun-drenched masterpiece
A sun-drenched masterpiece ,
A summer entertainment adults can see without feeling embarrassed , but it could have been more .
A summer entertainment adults can see without feeling embarrassed ,
A summer entertainment adults can see without feeling embarrassed , but
A summer entertainment adults can see without feeling embarrassed
A sun-drenched masterpiece , part parlor game
A sun-drenched masterpiece , part parlor game ,
wholly believable and heart-wrenching depths of despair
Viewed on its own terms , Treasure Planet is better-than-average family entertainment , but
Viewed on its own terms , Treasure Planet is better-than-average family entertainment ,
easily rivaling Blair Witch or The Others
Vardalos ' humor ,
more than exposes the roots of the skateboarding boom that would become '' the punk kids ' revolution
Viewed on its own terms , Treasure Planet is better-than-average family entertainment , but true fans of the Stevenson 's novel will likely prefer Disney 's more faithful 1950 live-action swashbuckling classic
strips Bible stores of the potential for sanctimoniousness , making them meaningful for both kids and church-wary adults .
uplifting drama
easy pace
's probably worth catching solely on its visual merits
Satin Rouge is not a new , or inventive , journey , but it 's encouraging to see a three-dimensional , average , middle-aged woman 's experience of self-discovery handled with such sensitivity .
's packed with adventure and a worthwhile environmental message
to show us not only what that mind looks like , but how the creative process itself operates
a universal product
a universal
earnest homage
a truly wonderful tale combined with stunning animation .
a truly wonderful tale combined with stunning animation
a twist
smoothes
Of The Bride 's humour is born out of an engaging storyline , which also is n't embarrassed to make you reach for the tissues .
Oddly compelling .
Often hilarious
Light the candles , bring out the cake and
Light the candles , bring out the cake
Plot , characters ,
I have n't laughed that hard in years !
I have ever seen , constantly pulling the rug from underneath us , seeing things from new sides , plunging deeper , getting more intense .
I have n't laughed that hard in years
I have always appreciated a smartly written motion picture , and , whatever flaws Igby Goes Down may possess , it is undeniably that
I have always appreciated a smartly written motion picture , and , whatever flaws Igby Goes Down may possess , it is undeniably that .
I have always appreciated a smartly written motion picture ,
I have always appreciated a smartly written motion picture , and
refreshing change
I have two words to say about Reign of Fire . Great dragons !
I heard that Apollo 13 was going to be released in IMAX format
the plot weaves us into a complex web .
the plot remains as guarded as a virgin with a chastity belt . That 's why Sex and Lucia is so alluring
of the Solomonic decision facing Jewish parents in those turbulent times
bittersweet and lyrical mix
bittersweet and lyrical
bittersweet pathos , and lyric moments that linger like snapshots of memory
a good-natured ensemble comedy
a good-natured ensemble comedy that tries hard to make the most of a bumper
a good-hearted ensemble comedy
a good-hearted ensemble comedy with a variety of quirky characters and an engaging story
a good-natured
a good-natured ensemble
a gorgeously strange
a gorgeously strange movie
Some of the visual flourishes
Some of the visual flourishes are a little too obvious , but restrained and subtle storytelling
Some of the computer animation is handsome , and various amusing sidekicks add much-needed levity to the otherwise bleak tale ,
Some of the computer animation is handsome , and various amusing sidekicks add much-needed levity to the otherwise bleak tale , but
with his picture-perfect life
Some of the visual flourishes are a little too obvious , but restrained and subtle storytelling , and fine performances make this delicate coming-of-age tale a treat
with honesty , insight and humor
cast and well directed - a powerful drama with enough sardonic wit to keep it from being maudlin
What makes the movie special is its utter sincerity .
What makes this film special
the joyous , turbulent self-discovery
the joy the characters take in this creed
slickness and sophistication
the kind of effectively creepy-scary thriller that has you fixating on a far corner of the screen at times because your nerves just ca n't take it any more
the kind of effectively creepy-scary thriller
'll have a good time with this one too
twists worthy
to stand out
turns the idea of the documentary on its head
two winning lead performances and
to stand up and applaud
big , tender hug
big , comforting jar
unique relationship
surveys the landscape and assesses the issues with a clear passion for sociology .
the director is a magician
is n't afraid to provoke introspection in both its characters and its audience
is n't a terrible film by any means
that snake-down-the-throat business
unique and entertaining twist
timelessness
hearts of gold
heart and humor
he does this so well
hawn and sarandon form an acting bond that makes the banger sisters a fascinating character study with laughs to spare .
is a gem that could stand alone , a perfectly realized observation of mood , behavior and intent .
is a gem that could stand alone , a perfectly realized observation of mood , behavior and intent
is a future cult classic
is a film that should be seen by all , especially those who are n't aware of , or have forgotten about the unmentioned victims of war .
is a film that should be seen by all , especially those who are n't aware of , or have forgotten about the unmentioned victims of war
is a film far superior to its predecessor . A movie that successfully crushes a best selling novel into a timeframe that mandates that you avoid the Godzilla sized soda .
is a good stepping stone for director Sprecher .
is a good stepping stone for director Sprecher
detective story
detail , gorgeously shot and beautifully
detailed as a photograph
destined to become a landmark in Japanese animation .
cat-and-mouse , three-dimensional characters and
cat-and-mouse , three-dimensional characters and believable performances
Both deeply weird and charmingly dear
Behan 's work and
Branagh , in his most forceful non-Shakespeare screen performance
manages the rare trick of seeming at once both refreshingly different and reassuringly familiar .
manages the rare trick of seeming at once both refreshingly different and reassuringly familiar
you ca n't bring yourself to dislike it
manages not only to find a compelling dramatic means of addressing a complex situation
manages not only
a popcorn film , not a must-own ,
thrills of early underground work .
a precisely layered performance
the stronger of the two films
The subtitled costume drama is set in a remote African empire before cell phones , guns , and the internal combustion engine
The strong subject matter continues to shock throughout the film . Not everyone will play the dark , challenging tune taught by The Piano Teacher .
The structure is simple , but
The structure is simple , but in its own way , Rabbit-Proof Fence is a quest story as grand as The Lord of the Rings
The structure is simple , but in its own way , Rabbit-Proof Fence is a quest story as grand as The Lord of the Rings .
this animated adventure
scenes so true and heartbreaking
scenic
wishing , though ,
implies in its wake the intractable , irreversible flow of history
impeccable throughout
impeccable sense
gorgeous visuals
gorgeously strange movie
gorgeous companion to Mr . Wong
gorgeous companion to Mr . Wong 's In the Mood for Love -- very much a Hong Kong movie despite its mainland setting .
gorgeous locales
gorgeous pair
gorgeous and
gorgeous and deceptively minimalist
gorgeous and deceptively minimalist cinematic tone poem
gorgeous companion
delightfully quirky movie to be made from curling
delightfully unpredictable , hilarious
deliciously nonsensical comedy
delightful cast
delightfully cheeky
delicately calibrated in tone
delicious and
delicious and delicately
delicious and delicately funny look
you actually buy into
when the now computerized Yoda finally reveals his martial artistry , the film ascends to a kinetic life so teeming that even cranky adults may rediscover the quivering kid inside .
used Manhattan 's architecture in such a gloriously goofy way
use in the breathtakingly beautiful outer-space documentary Space Station 3D
by the shadowy lighting
unique )
the film sits with square conviction and touching good sense on the experience of its women
the film succeeds as an emotionally accessible , almost mystical work
the film special
the film tackles its relatively serious subject with an open mind and considerable good cheer , and is never less than engaging .
the film turns into an engrossing thriller almost in spite of itself .
the film with a creepy and dead-on performance
perceptive
penetrates with a rawness that that is both unflinching and tantalizing
given passionate , if somewhat flawed , treatment
given a working over . The cast is spot on and the mood is laid back
a quirky , off-beat project
a rare treat
recommend Big Bad Love
, sweet ` Evelyn
exciting ( enough )
excited
Pokemon 4Ever
Displaying about equal amounts of naiveté , passion and talent
Displaying about equal amounts of naiveté , passion and talent , Beneath Clouds establishes Sen as a filmmaker of considerable potential .
Disney comedies
About a manga-like heroine who fights back at her abusers , it 's energetic and satisfying if not deep and psychological .
A woman 's pic directed with resonance by Ilya Chaiken .
About a manga-like heroine who fights back at her abusers
About a Boy injects just enough freshness into the proceedings to provide an enjoyable 100 minutes in a movie theater .
a sumptuous work
look as good or better than in the original , while the Oscar-winning sound and James Horner 's rousing score make good use of the hefty audio system
a summer popcorn movie . Nothing too deep or substantial .
bawdy comedy and head games
, smoky and inviting
, so , hopefully , this film will attach a human face to all those little steaming cartons .
, so who knew Charles Dickens could be so light-hearted ?
, so it 's not a brilliant piece of filmmaking , but it is a funny ( sometimes hilarious ) comedy with a deft sense of humor about itself , a playful spirit and a game cast .
things that elevate `` Glory '' above most of its ilk , most notably the mere presence of Duvall
scenic shots
Nakata 's technique is to imply terror by suggestion , rather than the overuse of special effects .
Nair does n't use ( Monsoon Wedding ) to lament the loss of culture . Instead , she sees it as a chance to revitalize what is and always has been remarkable about clung-to traditions .
Nair does n't use ( Monsoon Wedding ) to lament the loss of culture
our sympathies
Interview with the Assassin draws its considerable power from simplicity .
Interesting both as a historical study and as a tragic love story
Interesting both as a historical study and as a tragic love story .
Intelligent , caustic take on a great writer and dubious human being .
Interesting
Intelligent
Intelligent , caustic
to a small star with big heart
to a satisfying crime drama
to a tight , brisk 85-minute screwball thriller , '' Big Trouble ''
to a superior crime movie
to a spectacular completion one
one of the cleverest , most deceptively amusing comedies of the year
one of the best actors there is
one of Mr . Chabrol 's subtlest works , but also one of his most uncanny
one of our best actors
of psychological insight
of privileged moments and memorable performances
enough intelligence , wit or innovation on the screen to attract and sustain an older crowd
enough substance
counter-cultural idealism and hedonistic creativity
counter-cultural
An original gem
An original gem about an obsession with time .
feel-good film
feel-good movies
Escapes the precious trappings of most romantic comedies , infusing into the story
Eric Byler 's nuanced pic
Entirely suspenseful , extremely well-paced and ultimately ... dare I say , entertaining !
Escapes the precious trappings of most romantic comedies , infusing into the story very real
Escapes the precious trappings of most romantic comedies , infusing into the story very real ,
except when the fantastic Kathy Bates turns up
witherspoon 's talents
particularly engaging
is contemplative and mournfully reflective
particular talents
particularly good film
particularly good
' it also rocks .
' begins and ends with scenes so terrifying I 'm still stunned .
' shows a level of young , Black manhood that is funny , touching , smart and complicated .
is definitely one for the masses
Whether or not you 're enlightened by any of Derrida 's lectures on `` the other '' and `` the self , '' Derrida is an undeniably fascinating and playful fellow .
is definitely a unique modern fairytale .
for a breath of fresh air now and then
the brilliance of Animal House
the bucks
wide-awake all the way through
wide-awake all the way
wildly entertaining
widen the perspective of those of us who see the continent through rose-colored glasses
they love what they do
better written
they found them and become self-made celebrity athletes
they have unearthed a rare gem
they do n't make 'em like that anymore ' department
they easily fill their scenes and , fine judges both , never overcook the hysteria .
Has a certain ghoulish fascination , and generates a fair amount of B-movie excitement
The premise of `` Abandon '' holds promise , ... but
... gives give a solid , anguished performance that eclipses nearly everything else she 's ever done .
... even if you 've never heard of Chaplin , you 'll still be glued to the screen .
Pray does n't have a passion for the material . He nonetheless appreciates the art and reveals a music scene that transcends culture and race .
Pray has really done his subject justice .
Pray does n't have a passion for the material . He nonetheless appreciates the art and reveals a music scene that transcends culture and race
Praise
Pow
Prepare
above all
about this love story
for comfort
Painful , horrifying and oppressively tragic , this film should not be missed .
Paid in Full is remarkably engaging despite being noticeably derivative of Goodfellas and at least a half dozen other trouble-in-the-ghetto flicks .
responsible for some excellent work
responsible for some excellent work .
compressed into an evanescent , seamless and sumptuous stream of consciousness
compressed into an evanescent , seamless and sumptuous stream of consciousness .
comprise a powerful and reasonably fulfilling gestalt
comprise a powerful and reasonably fulfilling gestalt .
A good-natured ensemble comedy that tries hard to make the most of a bumper
with a core of decency
hopeful or optimistic
achieves its main strategic objective : dramatizing the human cost of the conflict that came to define a generation
hopefully , this film will attach a human face to all those little steaming cartons .
8 million charmer ,
8 million charmer
achieves its main strategic objective : dramatizing the human cost of the conflict that came to define a generation .
50-year friendship
are your cup of blood
of terrific
of temptation , salvation and good intentions
achieves as great an impact
see '' Blue Crush ''
seductively stylish
seductively stylish game
Roman Polanski 's autobiographical gesture at redemption is better than ` Shindler 's List '
secondary action to keep things moving along at a brisk , amusing pace
sometimes quite funny
has merit and , in the hands of a brutally honest individual like Prophet Jack , might have made a point or two regarding life
has made Tucker a star
has merit and
has merit
fashioned an absorbing look
This in-depth study of important developments of the computer industry
This in-depth study of important developments of the computer industry should make it required viewing in university computer science departments for years to come .
This is Christmas Future for a lot of baby boomers .
This is DiCaprio 's best performance in anything ever , and easily the most watchable film of the year .
This is SO De Palma . If you love him , you 'll like it . If you do n't
This is SO De Palma . If you love him , you 'll like it . If you do n't ...
This is SO De Palma . If you love him , you 'll like it . If you do n't ... well , skip to another review
This is SO De Palma . If you love him , you 'll like it . If you do n't ... well , skip to another review .
Romanek 's themes are every bit as distinctive as his visuals . Beyond the cleverness , the weirdness and the pristine camerawork
You watch for that sense of openness , the little surprises .
You want the story to go on and on
You wo n't have any trouble getting kids to eat up these Veggies .
You would n't want to live waydowntown , but it is a hilarious place to visit
heartwarming , nonjudgmental kind
heartwarmingly
most ardent
most appealing movies
most basic
most breezy movie Steven Spielberg
most breezy movie
romance , music , suspense and action
rolling musical back beat and supercharged cartoon warfare
rock music doc
roller-coaster ride
rock any boats
romantic and rapturous
health with boundless energy
the Pug big time
one of French cinema 's master craftsmen
one of France 's most inventive directors
the Psychology 101 study of romantic obsession
This is the kind of subject matter that could so easily have been fumbled by a lesser filmmaker ,
one man 's treasure
This is the kind of subject matter that could so easily have been fumbled by a lesser filmmaker , but
to be truly entertaining
to be thrilling , touching or , yikes , uproarious
unlike any you will likely see anywhere else
unique way Shainberg
This is unusual , food-for-thought cinema that 's as entertaining as it is instructive .
as John Ritter 's glory days
as Katzenberg
as I Know What You Did Last Winter
as I laughed throughout the movie
making this queen a thoroughly modern maiden
by Joe Jarvis and Greg Coolidge . These are names to remember
of impact and moments
of imagination in the soulful development of two rowdy teenagers
hits the mark
Between the drama of Cube ? s personal revelations regarding what the shop means in the big picture , iconic characters gambol fluidly through the story , with charming results .
Best Picture contenders
Behind the snow games and lovable Siberian huskies -LRB- plus one sheep dog -RRB- , the picture hosts a parka-wrapped dose of heart .
Best
The plot of the comeback curlers is n't very interesting actually , but what I like about Men With Brooms and what is kind of special is how the film knows what 's unique and quirky about Canadians .
The plot of the comeback curlers is n't very interesting actually , but what I like about Men With Brooms and what is kind of special is how the film knows what 's unique and quirky about Canadians
The plot twists give I Am Trying to Break Your Heart an attraction it desperately needed .
five minutes but instead
fitting
fits into a genre that has been overexposed , redolent of a thousand cliches , and yet remains uniquely itself , vibrant with originality .
remarkable piece
remarkable skill
fearlessly
fearlessly gets under the skin of the people involved
the mere suggestion of serial killers
Bisset is both convincing and radiant
Blade 2 is definitely a cut above the rest .
Blade 2
Blade II is as estrogen-free as movies get ,
Blade II is as estrogen-free as movies get
Blade II is as estrogen-free as movies get , so you might want to leave your date behind for this one
the film , sporting a breezy spontaneity and realistically drawn characterizations , develops into a significant character study that is both moving and wise
Mostly Martha '' is a bright , light modern day family parable that wears its heart on its sleeve for
Mostly Martha '' is a bright , light modern day family parable that wears its heart on its sleeve for all to see
Movie Gauge
change watching such a character
It 's tough to watch , but it 's a fantastic movie
It 's tough to watch , but it 's a fantastic movie .
It 's usually a bad sign when directors abandon their scripts and go where the moment takes them , but Olympia , Wash . , based filmmakers Anne de Marcken and Marilyn Freeman did just that and it 's what makes their project so interesting
it captures the erotics of intimacy in a way that makes most American love stories look downright unfree
it belongs to Martin Scorsese
it ca n't be dismissed as mindless
it also happens to be the movie 's most admirable quality
it apart is the vision that Taymor , the avant garde director of Broadway 's The Lion King and the film Titus , brings
it all the more compelling
it all was , and started doing nothing but reacting to it - feeling a part of its grand locations , thinking urgently as the protagonists struggled , feeling at the mercy of its inventiveness , gasping at its visual delights
by this latest cinematic essay
is so densely packed
is so engagingly
the Russos show genuine promise as comic filmmakers
go the distance
go down as one of the all-time great apocalypse movies
go down in the annals of cinema as one of the great submarine stories
precisely
go down in the annals of cinema
interview with the assassin is structured less as a documentary and more as a found relic ,
go around , with music and laughter
the past via surrealist flourishes
the richness of characterization
the film delivers a solid mixture of sweetness and laughs .
A good documentary
A glib but bouncy bit of sixties-style slickness in which the hero might wind up caught but the audience gets pure escapism .
the respected critical community in this country
A giddy and provocative sexual romp that has something to say .
A giddy and provocative sexual
rises to its full potential as a film
rising star Jake Gyllenhaal
rises to a higher level
rises to its full potential
rise to fans ' lofty expectations
crafted film
crafted ,
crafted , engaging filmmaking that should attract upscale audiences hungry for quality and a nostalgic , twisty yarn that will keep them guessing
crafted , engaging filmmaking that should attract upscale audiences hungry for quality and a nostalgic , twisty yarn that will keep them guessing .
crafted a deceptively casual ode
crafted a deceptively casual ode to children and
crafted a deceptively casual ode to children and managed to convey a tiny sense of hope
It 's no lie -- Big Fat Liar is a real charmer
It 's no lie
It 's no accident that The Accidental Spy is a solid action pic that returns the martial arts master to top form .
It 's not a classic spy-action or buddy movie ,
It 's no surprise that as a director Washington demands and receives excellent performances , from himself and from newcomer Derek Luke .
It 's no lie -- Big Fat Liar is a real charmer .
A ponderous meditation
of the smarter , savvier spoofs to come along in some time
, what a thrill ride
, what an idea , what a thrill ride .
that rapidly deteriorating line between fantasy and reality
Exciting and well-paced
Exciting and well-paced .
Except it 's much
Except it 's much , much better .
Evokes the style and flash of the double-cross that made Mamet 's `` House of Games '' and last fall 's `` Heist '' so much fun
Evokes the style and flash of the double-cross that made Mamet 's `` House of Games '' and last fall 's `` Heist '' so much fun .
unassuming and pure of heart , you ca n't help but warmly extend your arms and yell ` Safe ! '
gorgeous , sprawling swashbuckler
gorgeous , ramshackle landscape
good-humored
good-deed\/bad-deed reversals are just interesting enough to make a sinner
gorgeous , mind-blowing , breath-taking mess
still emerges as his most vital work since GoodFellas .
Stuffed to the brim with ideas
Stuffed to the brim with ideas , American instigator Michael Moore 's film is a rambling examination of American gun culture that uses his usual modus operandi of crucifixion through juxtaposition .
good performance
good nature
good jokes
be captivated ,
be captivated , as I was , by its moods , and by its subtly transformed star
be captivated
be captivated , as I was , by its moods , and by its subtly transformed star , and still
be captivated , as I was , by its moods , and by its subtly transformed star , and still wonder why Paul Thomas Anderson ever had the inclination to make the most sincere and artful movie in which Adam Sandler will probably ever appear
be captivated , as I was , by its moods , and by its subtly transformed star ,
be captivated , as I was , by its moods , and by its subtly transformed star , and
This is a picture that Maik , the firebrand turned savvy ad man , would be envious of
the film can only be applauded .
good scenes
'' home movie '' is a sweet treasure and something well worth your time
Admirably
good reason
Adolescents will be adequately served by the movie 's sophomoric blend of shenanigans and slapstick , although the more lascivious-minded might be disappointed in the relative modesty of a movie that sports a ` topless tutorial service . '
of ease that comes only with experience .
a comic book with soul
a collectively stellar performance
a comedy , both gentle and biting
a smutty guilty pleasure
a sobering recount of a very bleak day in Derry
great summer fun to watch arnold
grinning
slightly believable
slightly believable love triangle
this reason only
untidily honest
will keep coming
will keep you watching , as will the fight scenes .
will laugh their \*\*\* off for an hour-and-a-half
will have an intermittently good time
will have an intermittently good time .
it 's equally hard to imagine anybody being able to tear their eyes away from the screen once it 's started
a risky venture that never quite goes where you expect and often surprises you with unexpected comedy
a ripping good yarn is told .
a ripping good yarn
a riveting and surprisingly romantic ride
a riveting , brisk delight
a river of sadness that pours into every frame
a role of almost Bergmanesque intensity
powerful and revelatory
while we delight in the images
A seriocomic debut of extravagant promise by Georgian-Israeli director Dover Kosashvili .
needs more filmmakers with passionate enthusiasms like Martin Scorsese .
a transition is a common tenet in the world 's religions . This deeply spiritual film taps into the meaning
It really is a shame that more wo n't get an opportunity to embrace small , sweet ` Evelyn . '
It puts Washington , as honest working man John Q. Archibald , on a pedestal , then keeps lifting the pedestal higher .
It might be tempting to regard Mr. Andrew and his collaborators as oddballs , but Mr. Earnhart 's quizzical , charming movie allows us to see them , finally , as artists .
whimsicality ,
shows a level of young , Black manhood that is funny , touching , smart and complicated
incredibly beautiful to look at
incredible
includes some of the top actors working in independent film
uses the huge-screen format to make an old-fashioned nature film that educates viewers with words and pictures while entertaining them
admire ...
A pint-sized ` Goodfellas '
A pint-sized ` Goodfellas ' designed to appeal to the younger set
A pleasant ,
whimsicality , narrative discipline and
the greatest family-oriented , fantasy-adventure movies
the greatest family-oriented
the fresh air of true sophistication
the fresh air
, the recording sessions are intriguing , and -- on the way to striking a blow for artistic integrity -- this quality band may pick up new admirers .
she gets to fulfill her dreams
she 's appealingly manic and energetic .
she 's really done it this time .
so engrossing it
so bleakly amusing about how we go about our lives
is pure punk existentialism
is powerful in itself
so again-courage , self-sacrifice and patience
so again-courage , self-sacrifice and patience under pressure
a comedy of a premise
a comedy , a romance
dramatic tension
dramatic substance
a comedy , a romance , a fairy tale ,
terrific special effects
terrific special effects and
terrific score
terrific setpieces
terrific to read about
terrific special effects and funnier gags
terrific story
real
real strength
re-invents himself
it 's seldom boring
its own good
its own languorous charm
its own existence
its own making
pushed to their most virtuous limits
sensual siren
to be running on hypertime in reverse as the truly funny bits
to be seen as hip , winking social commentary
uses Grant 's own twist of acidity to prevent itself from succumbing to its own bathos
does n't disappoint
does justice both to Stevenson and to the sci-fi genre .
does mark Ms . Bullock 's best work in some time
Jacquot has filmed the opera exactly as the libretto directs , ideally capturing the opera 's drama and lyricism .
and terribly hip bit
and surprisingly appealing
and surprises
and suspenseful
and surrounds himself with a cast of quirky -- but not stereotyped -- street characters
and sustains Off the Hook 's buildup with remarkable assuredness for a first-timer
and telling stills
artistes
the remarkable feat
imaginatively fans the embers of a dormant national grief and curiosity that has calcified into chronic cynicism and fear .
imaginatively
if you 're a connoisseur of psychological horror , this is your ticket .
imagery and hypnotic
imaginative comedy\/thriller .
imaginative ,
very good time
hipness
swaggering camaraderie
swaggering
sustains
sustains its dreamlike glide through a succession of cheesy coincidences and voluptuous cheap effects , not the least of which
a high-energy movie
a hit-or-miss aesthetic that hits often enough to keep the film entertaining even if none of it makes a lick of sense
a great meet-cute gimmick
a great Bond movie
the soulful gravity
the soulful nuances
a keen , unsentimental look
the soulful development
the soulful development of two rowdy teenagers
Gently humorous and touching .
Gently
George Clooney , in his first directorial effort , presents this utterly ridiculous shaggy dog story as one of the most creative , energetic and original comedies to hit the screen in years .
George Lucas returns as a visionary with a tale full of nuance and character dimension .
clear sense
spirit , purpose and
created a substantive movie out of several cliched movie structures : the road movie , the coming-of-age movie , and the teenage sex comedy
Offers much to enjoy ... and
Offers much to enjoy ...
Offers much to enjoy ... and a lot to mull over in terms of love , loyalty and the nature
Offers much to enjoy ... and a lot to mull over in terms
Nothing 's at stake , just a twisty double-cross you can smell a mile away -- still , the derivative Nine Queens is lots of fun
Offers much to enjoy
Noyce has tailored an epic tale into a lean , economical movie .
Offers much to enjoy ... and a lot to mull over in terms of love , loyalty and the nature of staying friends .
Offers much to enjoy ... and a lot to mull over in terms of love , loyalty and the nature of staying friends
daft by half ... but supremely good natured
clever enough
than anything that 's been done before
than by its funny , moving yarn that holds up well after two decades
, it is a gripping , tidy little movie that takes Mr . Hill higher than he 's been in a while .
give credit to Affleck
, it is impossible not to be awed by the power and grace of one of the greatest natural sportsmen of modern times .
, it is clearly a good thing .
, it is as seductive as it is haunting .
give all three stories life
savvy street activism
saved this film
dead-eyed , perfectly chilled delivery
, Brown Sugar is a satisfying well-made romantic comedy that 's both charming and well acted .
, Bloody Sunday is a sobering recount of a very bleak day in Derry .
, Barbershop gets its greatest play from the timeless spectacle of people really talking to each other .
, Ash Wednesday is suspenseful and ultimately unpredictable , with a sterling ensemble cast .
bless Crudup
Mattel
one of the best
for nice evening out
for on-screen chemistry
, the 1960 version is a far smoother ride .
smooth , Goodfellas image
the film 's winning tone
one of the best war movies ever made
without missing a beat . Ben Kingsley is truly funny
a spectacular completion one
a spontaneity to The Chateau , a sense of light-heartedness , that makes it attractive throughout
a spontaneity
a spiritual aspect
Killed My Father would be a rarity in Hollywood .
morally
Kieran Culkin a pitch-perfect Holden
's rarely been told with such affecting grace and cultural specificity
's refreshing to see a cartoon that knows what it is , and knows the form 's history
's refreshing to see a girl-power movie that does n't feel it has to prove anything .
's refreshing to see a girl-power movie that does n't feel it has to prove anything
The star who helped give a spark to '' Chasing Amy '' and '' Changing Lanes ''
morally alert
more accurate to say that I found it intriguing , bizarre , Dogma-like in spots - and quite truthful , in its way
Anchored
Anchored by a terrific performance by Abbass
Anchored by a terrific performance by Abbass , Satin Rouge shows that the idea of women 's self-actualization knows few continental divides .
And if you 're not nearly moved to tears by a couple of scenes
And in this regard , On Guard delivers .
And that 's a big part of why we go to the movies
Andrew 's Turnabout Is Fair Play
of the world 's remarkably varying human population and mindset , and its capacity to heal using creative , natural and ancient antidotes
alive and
of the year with its exploration of the obstacles to happiness
of the year 's best acting
... is a man who uses the damage of war -- far more often than the warfare itself -- to create the kind of art shots that fill gallery shows
see this delightful comedy
see this movie with my sisters
see it twice
see a lot of life
It has the courage to wonder about big questions with sincerity and devotion .
perfectly describes Pauline & Paulette
perfectly creepy and believable
perfectly executed and wonderfully sympathetic characters ,
perfectly executed and wonderfully sympathetic characters
perfectly executed and wonderfully sympathetic
perfectly executed and
Quelle surprise
Quentin Tarantino 's climactic shootout
of all the period 's volatile romantic lives , Sand and Musset are worth particular attention
` Barbershop ' shows he 's on his way .
` Lovely ! Brilliant ! '
tooled action thriller about love and terrorism
Visually engrossing , seldom hammy , honorably Mexican and burns its Kahlories with conviction .
Visually engrossing , seldom hammy ,
Vincent Gallo is right at home in this French shocker playing his usual bad boy weirdo role .
Visually engrossing
Vin Diesel is the man
's something poignant about an artist of 90-plus years taking the effort to share his impressions of life and loss and time and art with us
's something poignant about an artist of 90-plus years taking the effort to share his impressions of life and loss and time and art with us .
's something to be said for a studio-produced film that never bothers to hand viewers a suitcase full of easy answers
's something to be said for a studio-produced film that never bothers to hand viewers a suitcase full of easy answers .
without ever succumbing to sentimentality
watch Robert DeNiro belt out `` When you 're a Jet
... makes a great impression as the writer-director of this little $ 1.8 million charmer , which may not be cutting-edge indie filmmaking but has a huge heart .
action\/comedy buddy movie
action-packed chiller
like reading a research paper
like real life
` what 's the russian word for wow !
like quirky , slightly strange French films
It 's fairly solid -- not to mention well edited so that it certainly does n't feel like a film that strays past the two and a half mark .
The film reminds me of a vastly improved Germanic version of My Big Fat Greek Wedding -- with better characters , some genuine quirkiness and at least a measure of style .
The film is faithful to what one presumes are the book 's twin premises -- that we become who we are on the backs of our parents , but we have no idea who they were at our age ; and that time is a fleeting and precious commodity no matter how old you are .
The first five minutes will have you talking 'til the end of the year !
's fallen under the sweet , melancholy spell of this unique director 's previous films
's fairly solid -- not to mention well edited so that it certainly does n't feel like a film that strays past the two and a half mark
the best Herzog
's fairly solid -- not to mention well edited so that it certainly does n't feel like a film that strays past the two and a half mark .
's face is ) an amazing slapstick instrument
Unlike most teen flicks
's face is ) an amazing slapstick instrument ,
Schweig , who carries the film on his broad , handsome shoulders
with first love sweetly
The experience of watching blobby old-school CGI animation in this superlarge format is just surreal enough to be diverting .
illuminating documentary
set out to lampoon , anyway
The fact that The Rookie is a nearly impeccable cinematic experience -- and a wonderful all-ages triumph besides --
could bond while watching a walk to remember
Sensitive , insightful and beautifully rendered film .
Senegalese updating of `` Carmen '' which is best for the stunning star turn by Djeinaba Diop Gai
Serious and thoughtful .
Serious and thoughtful
The film 's real appeal wo n't be to Clooney fans or adventure buffs , but to moviegoers who enjoy thinking about compelling questions with no easy answers .
More intimate than spectacular , E . T . is carried less by wow factors than by its funny , moving yarn that holds up well after two decades .
we do n't avert our eyes for a moment
More than simply a portrait
we associate with Cage 's best acting
More than anything else , Kissing Jessica Stein injects freshness and spirit into the romantic comedy genre , which has been held hostage by generic scripts that seek to remake Sleepless in Seattle again and again .
The mesmerizing performances of the leads keep the film grounded and keep the audience riveted .
The minor figures surrounding ( Bobby ) ... form a gritty urban mosaic .
The minor figures surrounding ( Bobby ) ... form a gritty urban mosaic
mainly because of the way it 's told by the people who were there
make a splash even greater than Arnold Schwarzenegger , Jean-Claud Van Damme or Steven Segal
make Just a Kiss seem minty fresh
make it human
Mr . Spielberg and his company just want you to enjoy yourselves without feeling conned . And they succeed merrily at their noble endeavor .
Mr . Spielberg and his company just want you to enjoy yourselves without feeling conned . And
High drama , Disney-style - a wing and a prayer and a hunky has-been pursuing his castle in the sky
High drama , Disney-style - a wing and a prayer and a hunky has-been pursuing his castle in the sky .
High drama , Disney-style
High drama
High drama ,
Mr . Spielberg and his company just want you to enjoy yourselves without feeling conned .
Highlander
Jirí Hubac 's script is a gem .
The directive to protect the code at all costs also
The direction has a fluid , no-nonsense authority , and
The direction has a fluid , no-nonsense authority
Star\/producer Salma Hayek and director Julie Taymor have infused Frida with a visual style unique and inherent to the titular character 's paintings and in the process created a masterful work of art of their own .
Mr . Tsai is a very original artist in his medium , and
Mr . Tsai is a very original artist in his medium , and What Time Is It There ? should be seen at the very least for its spasms of absurdist humor
the far superior film
Real Women Have Curves wears its empowerment on its sleeve but even its worst harangues are easy to swallow thanks to remarkable performances by Ferrera and Ontiveros .
Real Women Have Curves wears its empowerment on its sleeve
Real Women Have Curves wears its empowerment on its sleeve but even its worst harangues are easy to swallow thanks to remarkable performances by Ferrera and Ontiveros
Real Women Have Curves wears its empowerment on its sleeve but even
Real
their best work
their best work in their underwritten roles
their cheesiness as the reason why people get a kick out of watching them today
their shortage dilutes the potency of otherwise respectable action . Still , this flick is fun , and host to some truly excellent sequences
intriguing and alluring premise
intriguing enough
intriguing and alluring
intriguing glimpses
The film is painfully authentic , and
than Indecent Proposal
than Leigh has created a masterful piece of artistry right here .
than ` Magnifique
The film is about the relationships rather than about the outcome . And it sees those relationships , including that between the son and his wife , and the wife and the father , and between the two brothers , with incredible subtlety and acumen .
a rewarding one
swept away
swept away by the sheer beauty of his images
ride the big metaphorical wave that is life -- wherever it takes you
Notting Hill , Four Weddings And A Funeral , Bridget Jones ' Diary or
Offers that rare combination of entertainment and education
Offers a breath of the fresh air of true sophistication
some movies and artfully restrained in others , 65-year-old Jack Nicholson
Significantly better than its 2002 children 's - movie competition
ripe recipe , inspiring
's provocative stuff
's quite an achievement
's quite an achievement to set and shoot a movie at the Cannes Film Festival
Significantly better than its 2002 children 's - movie competition .
's quite an achievement to set and shoot a movie at the Cannes Film Festival and
a funny moment or
a generational signpost
Signs is a good film
Signs is a good film ,
rom the performances and the cinematography to the outstanding soundtrack and unconventional narrative
human resources was a good , straightforward tale , but
human resources was a good , straightforward tale , but time out is better . it 's haunting .
human resources was a good , straightforward tale , but time out is better . it 's haunting . it 's like a poem .
human resources was a good , straightforward tale , but time out is better . it 's haunting . it 's like a poem
humor
to recommend to anyone looking for something different
to ride the Hogwarts Express toward a new year of magic and mischief
to satisfy as grown-up escapism
to say that Williams has truly inhabited a character
to say why either is impossible -- which forces us to confront what 's possible and what we might do to make it so
to see what they do next
A fascinating literary mystery story with multiple
A fiercely clever and subtle film
Reign of Fire is hardly the most original fantasy film ever made -- beyond Road Warrior , it owes enormous debts to Aliens and every previous dragon drama -- but that barely makes it any less entertaining
Reign of Fire is hardly the most original fantasy film ever made -- beyond Road Warrior , it owes enormous debts to Aliens and every previous dragon drama -- but that barely makes it any less entertaining .
Reign of Fire just might go down as one of the all-time great apocalypse movies .
An ideal love story for those intolerant of the more common saccharine genre .
An improvement on the feeble examples of big-screen Poke-mania that have preceded it
An improvement on the feeble examples of big-screen Poke-mania that have preceded it .
Professional
Compelling as it is exotic , Fast Runner has a plot that rivals Shakespeare for intrigue , treachery and murder .
Compelling as it is exotic
Collateral Damage finally delivers the goods for Schwarzenegger fans .
his machismo
his lesser works outshine the best some directors
his impressively delicate range
his inspiration
filled with fantasies , daydreams , memories and one fantastic visual trope
fearlessness
become comparatively sane and healthy
become expert fighters
, in spite of all that he 's witnessed , remains surprisingly idealistic
, incoherence and sub-sophomoric
, in the simple telling , proves simultaneously harrowing and uplifting
subtle ironies and visual devices
subtle ironies
subtle and visceral
subtle , humorous , illuminating study
a minor miracle
a mildly entertaining 77 minutes
a legacy
a larger-than-life figure , an artist who has been awarded mythic status in contemporary culture
a laugh-out-loud way
see thriller , coupled with some arresting effects , incandescent tones and stupendous performances
elegant visual sense
that it 's a '' true story '' and you 're likely to have one helluva time at the movies
that is part homage and part remake of the Italian masterpiece
, the pace never feels slack
that is weird , wacky and wonderful
that is so intriguing that you find yourself staring hypnotically at her , trying to understand her and wondering if she 'll crack
Damon\/Bourne or his predicament
Damon\/Bourne or
Iraqi factory
sincerity
's an example of sophisticated , challenging filmmaking that stands , despite its noticeable lack of emotional heft , in welcome contrast to the indulgent dead-end experimentation of the director 's previous Full Frontal
's an example of sophisticated , challenging filmmaking that stands , despite its noticeable lack of emotional heft , in welcome contrast to the indulgent dead-end experimentation of the director 's previous Full Frontal .
's also , clearly , great fun .
's also full of sharp , smart satire
's also , clearly , great fun
's also the year 's sweetest movie
's among the most breathtakingly designed films I 've ever seen
's also full of sharp , smart satire .
's also one of the smarter , savvier spoofs to come along in some time
cross-country road trip
crossing-over
One of those staggeringly well-produced
May take its sweet time to get wherever it 's going , but if you have the patience for it , you wo n't feel like it 's wasted yours
May take its sweet time to get wherever it 's going , but if you have the patience for it , you wo n't feel like it 's wasted yours .
May lack the pungent bite of its title , but it 's an enjoyable trifle nonetheless
May lack the pungent bite of its title , but it 's an enjoyable trifle nonetheless .
It may sound like a mere disease-of - the-week TV movie , but A Song For Martin is made infinitely more wrenching by the performances of real-life spouses Seldahl and Wollter
It may not be a great piece of filmmaking , but its power comes from its soul 's - eye view of how well-meaning patronizing masked a social injustice , at least as represented by this case .
more faithful 1950 live-action swashbuckling classic
more faithful
more enjoyable than the original
more emotionally assertive this time around as Harry
a very good viewing alternative
a very good viewing alternative for young women
a very funny , heartwarming film
a very good time
a very good time at the cinema
an energy to Y Tu Mamá También
an engaging fantasy of flavours and emotions , one part romance novel , one part recipe book
an engaging fantasy
an engaging storyline ,
an engaging storyline
an entertaining ride , despite many talky , slow scenes
an engaging storyline , which also is n't embarrassed to make you reach for the tissues
an enthusiastic charm in Fire
an enthusiastic charm
of getting realistic performances from his mainly nonprofessional cast
of good-natured fun found in films like Tremors
achieve
of fluff stuffed with enjoyable performances
of finding beauty in the most depressing places
sporadically amusing
spontaneity , originality and delight
While The Importance of Being Earnest offers opportunities for occasional smiles and chuckles
see Scratch for the music , see Scratch for a lesson in scratching , but , most of all , see it for the passion .
see Scratch for a lesson in scratching , but , most of all , see it for the passion .
recent past
Aside from being the funniest movie of the year
Aside from being the funniest movie of the year , Simone , Andrew Niccol 's brilliant anti-Hollywood satire , has a wickedly eccentric enchantment to it .
As the story moves inexorably through its seven day timeframe , the picture becomes increasingly mesmerizing .
dangerously seductive performance
daring if overlong
dangerously seductive
I 'll bet most parents had thought
I 'll go out on a limb .
the mood for a fun -- but bad -- movie
the modern day
's a bit of thematic meat on the bones of Queen of the Damned
's a bit of thematic meat on the bones of Queen of the Damned , as its origins in an Anne Rice novel dictate
plant smile-button faces
plant smile-button faces on that segment of the populace that made A Walk to Remember a niche hit
of a witty expose on the banality and hypocrisy of too much kid-vid
of a young American , a decision that plucks '' The Four Feathers ''
of a truly magical movie
of a war-ravaged land that prove more potent and riveting than the unlikely story of Sarah and Harrison
a great film
of a young woman who knows how to hold the screen
of above the rest
spider invasion comic chiller
It makes compelling , provocative and prescient viewing .
It makes you believe the cast and crew thoroughly enjoyed themselves and believed in their small-budget film .
It may be a somewhat backhanded compliment to say that the film makes the viewer feel like the movie 's various victimized audience members after a while , but it also happens to be the movie 's most admirable quality
It just may inspire a few younger moviegoers to read Stevenson 's book , which is a treasure in and of itself .
It made me want to get made-up and go see this movie with my sisters .
It made me want to get made-up and go see this movie with my sisters . I thought the relationships were wonderful , the comedy was funny , and the love ` real ' .
It proves quite compelling as an intense , brooding character study .
is a more fascinating look at the future than '' Bladerunner '' and one
is a masterfully
is a master of shadow , quietude , and room noise
is a masterpiece of nuance and characterization , marred only by an inexplicable , utterly distracting blunder at the very end .
is a masterfully conducted work .
is a masterfully conducted work
most daring , and complicated , performances
warm your heart without making you feel guilty about it
warm our hearts
the perfect star vehicle for Grant
undercuts the joie de vivre even as he creates it
is quintessential Bollywood
is quintessential Bollywood .
is a good film
is a good-hearted ensemble comedy with a variety of quirky characters and an engaging story
is a harrowing movie about how parents know where all the buttons are , and how to push them
is a jolly surprise
is a light , fun cheese puff of a movie
The messages of compassion and mercy are clearly , squarely and specifically expounded via computer animated Old Testament tale of Jonah and the Whale
The little girls understand , and McCracken knows that 's all that matters .
The long-range appeal of `` Minority Report '' should transcend any awards it bags .
The long-range appeal of `` Minority Report ''
little morality tale
little revision works
in the latest
Should Pay Nine Bucks for This
She must have a very strong back .
will probably find it fascinating
will probably have a reasonably good time with The Salton Sea
of softheaded metaphysical claptrap
picnic
This is an egotistical endeavor from the daughter of horror director Dario Argento ( a producer here ) , but her raw performance and utter fearlessness make it strangely magnetic .
grand , intelligent entertainment
grand , uncomplicated fashion
great , scary
great , scary times
great adventure
was glad
'' manages to do all three quite well , making it one of the year 's most enjoyable releases
their lofty perch
the sweetest thing , a romantic comedy with outrageous tendencies ,
are engaging
are as sharp as ever , though they may be overshadowed by some strong performances
are also tempered with elements which prove the direct antithesis of what it gets right
are all fine
are equally -- and admirably -- uncommercial
are equally -- and admirably -- uncommercial .
A thoughtful , reverent portrait of what
of emotional comfort
of gold
a staple
a standard of quality
a spark of new inspiration in it ,
a spell over you
is a good place to start
A momentary escape
is a film well worth seeing , talking and singing heads and all
offers an engrossing way to demonstrate the virtues of the IMAX format .
offers all the perfect ingredients to more than satisfy your appetite
offers all the perfect ingredients to more than satisfy your appetite .
offer natural , matter-of-fact performances that glint with sorrow , longing and love
offer natural , matter-of-fact performances that glint with sorrow , longing and love .
offbeat romantic comedy
director or actor
your reward will be a thoughtful , emotional movie experience .
to call this one an eventual cult classic would be an understatement , and woe is the horror fan who opts to overlook this goofily endearing and well-lensed gorefest .
to call this one an eventual cult classic would be an understatement , and woe is the horror fan who opts to overlook this goofily endearing and well-lensed gorefest
to create an engaging story that keeps you guessing at almost every turn
to find a film that dazzles the eye , challenges the brain , and satisfies our lust for fast-paced action
turn out okay
enters a realm where few non-porn films venture , and comes across as darkly funny , energetic , and surprisingly gentle .
entertain all ages
enter and accept another world
enters a realm where few non-porn films venture ,
enters a realm where few non-porn films venture , and comes across as darkly funny , energetic , and surprisingly gentle
layered and stylistic
layered
lay with the chemistry and complex relationship between the marquis ( Auteil ) and Emilie ( Le Besco )
laughing at ' variety
, life-affirming script
, light treat
, like Ravel 's Bolero , builds to a crescendo that encompasses many more paths than we started with
, like Shiner 's organizing of the big fight , pulls off enough
, like its subjects , delivers the goods and audiences will have a fun , no-frills ride .
charisma and menace
charming yet poignant tale
charming yet poignant
choose to see it
complicated and derivative
the movie feels authentic .
, but this is still a nice little picture , made by bright and friendly souls with a lot of good cheer .
, but they bring a fresh , quirky charm to the formula .
, but this is one occasion when they have unearthed a rare gem .
have a stirring time
The fourth in a series that I 'll bet most parents had thought -- hoped ! --
this often very funny collegiate gross-out comedy
this new version of E . T . just as I hoped I would --
this one is a sweet and modest and ultimately winning story .
this often very funny collegiate gross-out comedy goes a long way toward restoring the luster of the National Lampoon film franchise , too long reduced to direct-to-video irrelevancy .
and provocative
this quietly lyrical tale probes the ambiguous welcome extended by Iran to the Afghani refugees who streamed across its borders , desperate for work and food .
as cho appears to have settled comfortably into her skin
vividly
vital
visually seductive ,
they portray so convincingly
they see the joy the characters take in this creed
Quite simply , a joy to watch and -- especially -- to listen to .
of the wise , wizened visitor from a faraway planet
of the unsung heroes of 20th century
of the situation in a well-balanced fashion
of the startling intimacy
a beauty to behold
a beat . Ben Kingsley is truly funny
my 6-year-old nephew said , '' I guess I come from a broken family , and my uncles are all aliens , too . '' Congrats Disney on a job well done , I enjoyed it just as much
my 6-year-old nephew said , '' I guess I come from a broken family , and my uncles are all aliens , too . '' Congrats Disney on a job well done , I enjoyed it just as much !
wind-in-the-hair exhilarating
thoughtfulness and
apart by forming a chain of relationships that come full circle to end on a positive ( if tragic ) note
apart from others in the genre is a greater attention to the parents -- and particularly the fateful fathers -- in the emotional evolution of the two bewitched adolescents
An energizing
An energetic and engaging film that never pretends to be something it is n't .
An energetic and engaging film that never pretends to be something
An energetic and engaging film
An energizing , intoxicating documentary charting the rise of hip-hop culture in general and the art of scratching ( or turntablism ) in particular .
An energizing , intoxicating documentary charting the rise of hip-hop culture in general and the art of scratching ( or turntablism ) in particular
An energizing ,
An engrossing Iranian film about two itinerant teachers
innovators
the experience worthwhile
innovations and glimpse
of millions of vibrant flowers
of modern love life
give the physical act all of its meaning and most of its pleasure
give full performances
give a taste of the Burning Man ethos , an appealing blend of counter-cultural idealism and hedonistic creativity
something more beautiful than either of those films
Lynch , Jeunet , and von Trier
Lush and beautifully photographed ( somebody suggested the stills might make a nice coffee table book )
Lush and beautifully photographed ( somebody suggested the stills might make a nice coffee table book ) ,
Lush and beautifully photographed ( somebody suggested the stills might make a nice coffee table book ) , but
Lush and beautifully photographed ( somebody suggested the stills might make a nice coffee table book ) , but ultimately you 'll leave the theater wondering why these people mattered
Lush
Lush and beautifully
is a superior horror flick
cross swords with the best of them and
very interesting .
very interesting and
always for the better
altogether too slight to be called any kind of masterpiece . It is , however , a completely honest , open-hearted film
altogether too slight to be called any kind of masterpiece . It is , however , a completely honest , open-hearted
altogether too slight to be called any kind of masterpiece . It is , however , a completely honest , open-hearted film that should appeal to anyone willing to succumb to it
am to feel-good , follow-your-dream Hollywood fantasies
is a stunning new young talent in one of Chabrol 's most intense psychological mysteries
willing to take a chance
easy , seductive
easy , seductive pacing
This is how you use special effects .
` A ' list cast
Maintains your sympathy for this otherwise challenging soul
Maintains your interest until the end and even leaves you with a few lingering animated thoughts .
Maintains your sympathy for this otherwise challenging soul by letting you share her one-room world for a while .
Maintains your sympathy for this otherwise challenging soul by letting you share her one-room world for a while
Majidi 's direction has never been smoother or more confident .
constructed this motion picture in such a way that even the most cynical curmudgeon with find himself or herself smiling at one time or another
winning
is a non-stop funny feast of warmth , colour and cringe
to believe in your dreams
considering the world 's best cuisine
considerably more scenery with their acting than fire-breathing monsters barbecue with their breath
considerably more
another great ` what you do n't see ' is much more terrifying than what you do see thriller , coupled with some arresting effects , incandescent tones and stupendous performances
another great `
another great ` what you do n't see
boarders from Venice Beach that was a deserved co-winner of the Audience Award for documentaries at the Sundance Film Festival
Not a schlocky creature feature but something far more stylish and cerebral -- and , hence , more chillingly effective .
's insecure in Lovely and Amazing , a poignant and wryly amusing film about mothers , daughters and their relationships .
's insecure in Lovely and Amazing ,
's insecure in Lovely and Amazing , a poignant and wryly amusing film about mothers , daughters and their relationships
educational antics
strange and compelling
straight-ahead approach
for one of the most purely enjoyable and satisfying evenings at the movies I 've had in a while
for perfectly acceptable , occasionally very enjoyable children 's entertainment
Griffiths ' warm and winning central performance
dazzle and delight us
to get on your feet and shake it
One of those staggeringly well-produced ,
dazzling entertainment
impressive as its American counterpart , '' In the Bedroom
improved upon
improved
's a decent glimpse into a time period , and an outcast , that is no longer accessible
Abbott and Michael Petroni
he gives the story some soul
he expresses our most basic emotions
he does such a good job of it that Family Fundamentals gets you riled up
he does best
he delivers fascinating psychological fare
he creates
he communicates a great deal in his performance .
he can rest contentedly with the knowledge that he 's made at least one damn fine horror movie
the dialogue is realistic and greatly moving .
have been picked not for their acting chops , but for their looks and
once in the rush to save the day did I become very involved in the proceedings ; to me
Grant gets to display his cadness to perfection , but also to show acting range that may surprise some who thought light-hearted comedy was his forte .
substance and soul
subsequently ,
It 's careful , conscientious and makes no major mistakes
It 's careful , conscientious and makes no major mistakes .
Goyer 's screenplay and direction are thankfully understated
all the wiggling energy
Goyer 's screenplay and direction are thankfully understated , and he has drawn excellent performances from his cast .
is typical Miike : fast , furious and full of off-the-cuff imaginative flourishes .
is typical Miike : fast , furious and full of off-the-cuff imaginative flourishes
is turned upside down , first by passion and then by illness
a gorgeous and deceptively minimalist cinematic tone poem
is unmistakable and hard to resist
is uniformly excellent and relaxed .
is uniformly excellent
a good one
is unmistakable and hard to resist .
a goofy energy
a good race
a good shot
are as sharp as ever
are as sharp as ever ,
are as intelligent
are as intelligent ,
his surprising discovery
are all spot on ,
are also
mildly entertaining ,
mildly entertaining , especially if you find comfort in familiarity .
mildly amusing
might turn on many people to opera , in general
mildly enjoyable
mildly enjoyable if
another remarkable yet shockingly little-known perspective
another new film emerges with yet another remarkable yet shockingly little-known perspective .
of A-list Brit actors
snazzy
both a revealing look at the collaborative process and a timely , tongue-in-cheek profile of the corporate circus that is the recording industry in the current climate of mergers and downsizing
the muckraking , soul-searching spirit
of its own brilliance
by the better film 's ability to make its subject interesting to those who are n't part of its supposed target audience . Judging by those standards , ` Scratch ' is a pretty decent little documentary
witty and inventive
makes it worth a recommendation
makes it attractive throughout
makes it worth watching
makes it a party worth attending
makes it a party worth attending .
in looking at the comic effects of jealousy
makes one of the great minds of our times interesting and accessible
in love with myth
in luminous interviews and amazingly evocative film from three decades ago
the multiple stories in a vibrant and intoxicating fashion
elegantly considers various levels of reality
great dragons
elaborate production
elaborateness
you bask in your own cleverness as you figure it out
have more fun
have made it an exhilarating
have made this a superior movie
have made Vittorio De Sica proud
and now it is time for their first public recital .
bright , chipper style
examines Crane 's decline with unblinking candor .
under the sweet , melancholy spell of this unique director 's previous films
very sincere
, unique in its deceptive grimness ,
, this movie introduces a promising , unusual kind of psychological horror .
, this theme has proved important to him and is especially so in the finale
, to see this barbed and bracing comedy on the big screen
, though , this is a refreshingly novel ride
very stylish but
sensuality , and sympathy into a story about two adolescent boys
sensuality , and
sensuality , and sympathy into a story about two adolescent boys .
sentimental journey
proves unrelentingly grim -- and equally engrossing .
provide insight
provide insight into a fascinating part of theater history
provide its keenest pleasures
proves to be a compelling
proves to be a good match of the sensibilities of two directors
proves to be a good match of the sensibilities of two directors .
provide its keenest pleasures to those familiar with Bombay musicals
to be too great
the movie for you
it 's too slowly paced to be a thriller . ( But it 's ) worth recommending because of two marvelous performances by Michael Caine and Brendan Fraser .
's a cool event for the whole family . Maybe not a classic , but a movie the kids will want to see over and over again .
's a cool event for the whole family . Maybe not a classic , but a movie the kids will want to see over and over again
's a big , comforting jar of Marmite ,
's a beautiful film , full of elaborate and twisted characters
's a charismatic charmer likely to seduce and conquer .
's a charismatic charmer likely to seduce and conquer
's a certain robustness to this engaging mix of love and bloodletting .
's a certain robustness to this engaging mix of love and bloodletting
are complex characters -- sometimes tender , sometimes angry
are complex and quirky , but entirely believable as the remarkable ensemble cast brings them to life .
are complex and quirky , but entirely believable as the remarkable ensemble cast brings them to life
are complex and quirky , but entirely believable
are charming and have chemistry both as friends and lovers .
are charming and have chemistry both as friends and lovers
are charming and
are charming
are celebrated
a new and ingenious angle
a necessary and timely one
now as a former gong show addict , i 'll admit it , my only complaint is that we did n't get more re-creations of all those famous moments from the show .
walks a tricky tightrope between being wickedly funny and just plain wicked .
called a solid success ,
called a solid success
is poised to embark a major career as a commercial yet inventive filmmaker
is packed with information and impressions .
raw emotions
the best sex comedy
the best script that Besson has written in years .
is one of two things : unadulterated thrills or genuine laughs
is one of those reputedly '' unfilmable '' novels that has bucked the odds to emerge as an exquisite motion picture in its own right .
is one of world cinema 's most wondrously gifted artists
is one of two things : unadulterated thrills or genuine laughs .
is one of world cinema 's most wondrously gifted artists and storytellers
is one of world cinema 's most wondrously gifted artists and
is packed with information and impressions
is one of world cinema 's most wondrously gifted artists and storytellers .
nerves and rings true
never feels slack
A poignant comedy that offers food for
A poignant comedy that offers food for thought .
new sides of a previous reality
A polished and vastly entertaining caper
A polished and vastly entertaining caper film that puts the sting back into the con
A poignant lyricism runs through Balzac and the Little Chinese Seamstress that transforms this story about love and culture into a cinematic poem .
still works .
still manages to be kind of heartwarming , nonetheless .
still like Moonlight Mile , better judgment be damned .
thoughtful
of filmic epiphany
trumpets
finely
fine performances from his two leads who originated the characters on stage
, oozing , chilling and heart-warming
, or inventive
, one would be hard-pressed to find a movie with a bigger , fatter heart than Barbershop .
, one that will have you at the edge of your seat for long stretches . '
, only with muscles and a lot more smarts , but just as endearing and easy to watch
, original talent
and from the many , many moments when we recognize even without the Elizabethan prose , the play behind the thing
. Still , the updated Dickensian sensibility of writer Craig Bartlett 's story is appealing .
as a wild hoot
as a stylish and energetic one-shot , The Queen of the Damned
as a piece of storytelling
The film delivers what it promises : A look at the '' wild ride '' that ensues when brash young men set out to conquer the online world with laptops , cell phones and sketchy business plans .
The film boasts at least a few good ideas and features some decent performances , but the result is disappointing .
The film boasts at least a few good ideas and features some decent performances ,
The film boasts at least a few good ideas and features some decent performances , but
scintillating force
scintillating
scooping the whole world up in a joyous communal festival of rhythm
Blue Crush is highly enjoyable .
thriller
Watchable up
thrill
from pinnacle to pinnacle
play equally well on both the standard and giant screens
one that 's steeped in mystery and a ravishing , baroque beauty
one of world cinema 's most wondrously gifted artists
one whose view of America , history and the awkwardness of human life is generous and deep
here relies less on forced air than on Petter Næss ' delicate , clever direction ... and a wonderful , imaginative script by Axel Hellstenius .
much more thoughtfulness and insight than a melodramatic and
much livelier
much like the ethos of a stream of consciousness
qutting may be a flawed film , but it is nothing if not sincere .
here seems to have recharged him .
like numerous others but cuts deeper than expected
trashy , kinky fun
renowned filmmaker
Cool .
Contrived as this may sound , Mr. Rose 's updating works surprisingly well .
Contradicts everything we 've come to expect from movies nowadays .
Cool gadgets and creatures keep this fresh .
4Ever is harmless in the extreme and it 'll mute your kids for nearly 80 minutes ,
4Ever is harmless in the extreme and it 'll mute your kids for nearly 80 minutes
recommending because of two marvelous performances by Michael Caine and Brendan Fraser
make interesting a subject you thought would leave you cold . A case in point : Doug Pray 's Scratch
make it a great movie
with an unimpeachable core of emotional truth
are inherently funny
are interesting
avuncular chortles
avoid many of the condescending stereotypes that so often plague films dealing with the mentally ill
avoids easy sentiments and explanations
But it 's ) worth recommending because of two marvelous performances by Michael Caine and Brendan
But it 's ) worth recommending because of two marvelous performances by Michael Caine and Brendan Fraser .
the balm of right-thinking ideology , either liberal or conservative . Mr . Scorsese 's bravery
the balm of right-thinking ideology , either liberal or conservative . Mr . Scorsese 's bravery and
a story that is unlike any you will likely see anywhere else
One of the most important and exhilarating forms of animated filmmaking since old Walt doodled Steamboat Willie .
, nutty , consistently funny . And educational !
integrity in advancing this vision can hardly be underestimated
, occasionally horrifying but often inspiring film
integrating the characters
integrating the characters in the foreground
intelligence and a vision both painterly and literary
I saw this one
jazzes it up adroitly
itself up in subtle plot maneuvers
a smart and satisfying
a small treasure
a small town life
a smooth sleight
a smart script
a snapshot of a dangerous political situation on the verge of coming to a head
wonder
forgettably pleasant from start to finish
Parts of the film feel a bit too much like an infomercial for Ram Dass 's latest book aimed at the boomer demographic . But mostly it 's a work that , with humor , warmth , and intelligence , captures a life interestingly lived .
unusually vivid set
unusually vivid
coming-of-age theme
coming-of-age film
coming-of-age portrait
coming-of-age comedy .
, Narc is as gritty as a movie gets these days .
, Oscar-nominated documentary
, Pray turns the idea of the documentary on its head , making it rousing , invigorating fun lacking any MTV puffery .
, Queen Latifah
, Russian Ark marks a cinematic milestone .
, Swimming takes its time to tell its story , casts mostly little-known performers in key roles , and introduces some intriguing ambiguity .
, Tok and O orchestrate a buoyant , darkly funny dance of death .
, Trapped is an effective and claustrophobic thriller .
Thought-provoking and stylish , if also somewhat hermetic .
Though writer\/director Bart Freundlich 's film ultimately becomes a simplistic story about a dysfunctional parent-child relationship , it has some special qualities and the soulful gravity of Crudup 's anchoring performance .
Thought-provoking
Thought-provoking and
Thought-provoking and stylish
Though the story ... is hackneyed , the characters have a freshness and modesty that transcends their predicament .
has delivered a solidly entertaining and moving family drama .
has delivered a solidly entertaining and moving family drama
has elements of romance , tragedy and even silent-movie comedy .
has elements of romance , tragedy and even silent-movie comedy
has done the nearly impossible . He has improved upon the first and taken it a step further , richer and deeper .
has enough laughs to sustain interest to the end
has enough
They works spectacularly well ... A shiver-inducing , nerve-rattling ride .
to advance the plot
Think of it as Gidget , only with muscles and a lot more smarts , but just as endearing and easy to watch .
to be transported into the life of wladyslaw szpilman , who is not only a pianist , but a good human being
Chicago is sophisticated , brash , sardonic , completely joyful in its execution .
special spark
spectacular performance - ahem
Children may not understand everything that happens -- I 'm not sure even Miyazaki himself does -- but they will almost certainly be fascinated , and undoubtedly delighted .
examines a footnote to history seldom brought to light on the screen , and
high production values
high-adrenaline documentary
high-adrenaline documentary .
high-minded
high-minded appeal
utilizes the idea of making Kahlo 's art a living , breathing part of the movie , often catapulting the artist into her own work
utilizes the idea of making Kahlo 's art a living , breathing part of the movie , often catapulting the artist into her own work .
value can not be denied
a monumental achievement
marks the spot .
marks him as one of the most interesting writer\/directors working today
martial arts
but certainly hard to hate
as daring as John Ritter 's glory days
so vividly
so vividly that the artist 's work may take on a striking new significance for anyone who sees the film
so that , by the time the credits roll across the pat ending , a warm , fuzzy feeling prevails
so that it certainly does n't feel like a film that strays past the two and a half mark
so unabashedly Canadian , not afraid to risk American scorn
so unabashedly Canadian , not afraid to risk American scorn or
for something entertaining
for something new
is -RRB- talented and terribly charismatic , qualities essential to both movie stars and social anarchists .
for teasing chilly poetry out of lives and settings
is -RRB- why we go to the cinema : to be fed through the eye , the heart , the mind .
is Ernest Hemmingway at accelerated speed and volume
far bigger , far more meaningful story
The acting is fine but
Flamboyant in some movies and artfully restrained in others , 65-year-old Jack Nicholson could be looking at his 12th Oscar nomination by proving that he 's now , more than ever , choosing his roles with the precision of the insurance actuary .
Fire . Great dragons
Finch 's tale provides the forgettable pleasures of a Saturday matinee
Flamboyant
Flamboyant in some movies and artfully restrained in others , 65-year-old Jack Nicholson
Plays out with a dogged and eventually winning squareness that would make it the darling of many a kids-and-family-oriented cable channel .
Poetry
Poetry in motion captured on film .
Poetry in motion captured on film . While it can be a bit repetitive , overall it 's an entertaining and informative documentary .
heaven and
heartfelt performances
heartfelt conviction
hedonistic creativity
held my interest from start
held my interest
wonderfully fresh
wonderfully fresh moments
wonderful as the long-faced sad sack
wonderful tale
wonderfully creepy
wonderfully creepy mood
Boy voice
Both lead performances are Oscar-size . Quaid is utterly fearless as the tortured husband living a painful lie , and
Both lead performances are Oscar-size . Quaid is utterly fearless as the tortured husband living a painful lie , and Moore wonderfully underplays the long-suffering heroine with an unflappable '50s dignity somewhere between Jane Wyman and June Cleaver
Both lead performances are Oscar-size . Quaid is utterly fearless as the tortured husband living a painful lie , and Moore wonderfully underplays the long-suffering heroine with an unflappable '50s dignity somewhere between Jane Wyman and June Cleaver .
Both exuberantly romantic and serenely melancholy , What Time Is It There ? may prove to be ( Tsai 's ) masterpiece .
Both lead performances are Oscar-size . Quaid is utterly fearless as the tortured husband living a painful lie
Both lead performances are Oscar-size . Quaid is utterly fearless as the tortured husband living a painful lie ,
Awesome work : ineffable , elusive , yet inexplicably powerful
Ayres makes the right choices at every turn
Awesome work :
Awesome work
a visually compelling one
calculating fiend
a hint
a heart-wrenching showcase
a heady experience
a hero whose suffering and triumphs we can share
a hero
a heart-wrenching showcase indeed
the film is extremely thorough .
the film is funny , insightfully human and a delightful lark for history buffs
the film is doing something of a public service -- shedding light on a group of extremely talented musicians who might otherwise go unnoticed and underappreciated by music fans .
the film is every bit as fascinating as it is flawed .
the film is an oddly fascinating depiction of an architect of pop culture
takes its doe-eyed Crudup out of pre-9 \ \/ 11 New York and onto a cross-country road trip of the Homeric kind .
the film is a good one
is old-fashioned , occasionally charming and as subtle as boldface .
Some movies suck you in despite their flaws ,
Some movies suck you in despite their flaws , and
Some may choose to interpret the film 's end as hopeful or optimistic but I think Payne is after something darker
casting for the role
cast , but beautifully shot .
Much-anticipated
Much-anticipated and ultimately
Susan
Susan Sarandon
Superior
Super
Super Spy
Superior genre storytelling , which gets under our skin simply by crossing the nuclear line .
by brutal , committed performances
the characters will not disappoint anyone who values the original comic books
a competent enough filmmaker
a con artist and
by brutal , committed performances from Huppert and Magimel
decent drama\/action flick
decent kid-pleasing
For a film that celebrates radical
-- Conrad L . Hall 's cinematography will likely be nominated for an Oscar next year -- there 's something impressive and yet lacking about everything .
like it probably will enjoy themselves
appropriate ferocity and thoughtfulness
approach to the workplace romantic comedy .
approach to the workplace romantic comedy
appreciates the art
He makes language sexy
He makes language sexy .
He 's Super Spy !
He can scale a building
aquel que desee una lengua para expresar su amor
Dark and unrepentant , this excursion into the epicenter of percolating mental instability is not easily dismissed or forgotten .
I like Frank the Pug , though
I like the creepy ideas
I loved looking at this movie .
I loved looking at this movie . I just did n't care as much for the story .
The actors pull out all the stops in nearly every scene
The actors pull out all the stops in nearly every scene , but
painting this family dynamic
for political courage
quirky road movie that constantly defies expectation
for : Strap on a pair of 3-D goggles , shut out the real world , and take a vicarious voyage to the last frontier -- space
follows a resolutely realistic path in this uncompromising insight into the harsh existence of the Kurdish refugees of Iran 's borderlands .
follows a resolutely realistic path in this uncompromising insight into the harsh existence of the Kurdish refugees of Iran 's borderlands
following a feel-good formula with a winning style
snoozy charm
lackadaisical charm
lacks in depth it makes up for with its heart
laced with humor and a few fanciful touches
knows the form 's history
knows what it is , and knows the form 's history
overcome its weaknesses
watching it leaves you giddy
between realistic characters
between these women , one that spans time and reveals meaning
giggles and
getting together before a single frame had been shot and collectively vowing , ` This is going to be something really good
he has something significant to say
, Shrek )
The film is filled with humorous observations about the general absurdity of modern life as seen through the eyes outsiders , but
observant of his characters . He watches them as they float within the seas of their personalities . His scenes are short
The Bai brothers have taken an small slice of history and opened it up for all of us to understand , and they 've told a nice little story in the process .
The Bai brothers have taken an small slice of history and opened it up for all of us to understand , and they 've told a nice little story in the process
The Bard as black comedy -- Willie would have loved it .
The Bard as black comedy -- Willie would have loved it
The Bourne Identity should n't be half as entertaining as it is
having created an unusually vivid set of characters worthy of its strong cast
The film is full of charm .
The film is filled with humorous observations about the general absurdity of modern life as seen through the eyes outsiders , but deftly manages to avoid many of the condescending stereotypes that so often plague films dealing with the mentally ill .
be forgettable if it were n't such a clever adaptation of the bard 's tragic play
with the destruction of property and , potentially , of life
be considered as a possible successor to the best European directors
be cutting-edge indie filmmaking
be fondly remembered in the endlessly challenging maze of moviegoing
poetry and politics ,
poetry and politics , obvious at times but evocative and heartfelt
poignant and gently humorous
poignant and
poignant comedy
poignant and leavened
with an innocent yet fervid conviction
going to make people laugh
going to inspire me
tells a sweet , charming tale of intergalactic friendship
going to be great
that gives us a rare glimpse into a culture most of us do n't know
that gives Secret Life its intermittent unease , reaffirming that long-held illusions are indeed reality , and that erasing them recasts the self
their screen rapport makes the old story seem new
that deals with a real subject in an always surprising way
that epic quality often associated with Stevenson 's tale as well as with earlier Disney efforts
of the best since The Last Waltz
of the best of a growing strain of daring films
of the better drug-related pictures
of the circumstantial situation
is so cool that it chills the characters , reducing our emotional stake in the outcome of '' Intacto 's '' dangerous and seductively stylish game
is so cool that it chills the characters , reducing our emotional stake in the outcome of '' Intacto 's '' dangerous and seductively stylish game .
is so fascinating
is so fascinating that you wo n't care .
acted and funny\/gritty fable of the humanizing of one woman at the hands of the unseen forces of fate
That dogged good will of the parents and ` vain ' Jia 's defoliation of ego , make the film touching despite some doldrums .
That is a compliment to Kuras and Miller . If I had been thinking about the visual medium , they would have been doing something wrong .
old-fashioned , occasionally charming and as subtle
Thanks to Haynes ' absolute control of the film 's mood , and buoyed by three terrific performances , Far From Heaven actually pulls off this stylistic juggling act .
Thanks to confident filmmaking and a pair of fascinating performances
Thanks to confident filmmaking and a pair of fascinating performances , the way to that destination is a really special walk in the woods .
old-fashioned , occasionally charming
old-fashioned , occasionally charming and
really finds the tonal or thematic glue it needs .
really embraces the joy of Fuhrman 's destructive escapism or the grace-in-rebellion found by his characters
really elevates itself from being yet another earnestly generic crime-busting comic vehicle -- a well-intentioned remake that shows some spunk and promise but fails to register as anything distinctive or daring
really finds the tonal or thematic glue it needs
if it might have been made in the '70s or '80s
growing strange hairs , getting a more mature body , and
growing strange hairs , getting a more mature body
growing strain
growing old .
intense and engrossing head-trip
is worth e-mailing home about
is worth e-mailing home about .
issue worthy
action laudable
impressed by the skill of the actors involved in the enterprise
been honored as best it can
with an unforgettable visual panache
is familiar from its many predecessors
out to be
adventure show
the filmmaker 's extraordinary access to Massoud , whose charm , cultivation and devotion to his people are readily apparent
many good ideas
many fans
many have made it out to be
the fantastical aspects and harsh realities
an icon of moviemaking , one of the best actors , directors and producers
an icon
fundamental choices
fun to watch Arnold and his buddy Gerald bounce off a quirky cast of characters
fun to watch
fun with it
funniest and most likeable
funniest and
watch it , offering fine acting moments and pungent insights into modern L.A. 's show-biz and media
swings and jostles to the rhythms of life
Madonna Street '' that 's a sly , amusing , laugh-filled little gem in which the ultimate '' Bellini '' begins to look like a '' real Kaputschnik
about following your dreams , no matter what your parents think . Socrates motions for hemlock
of why human beings long for what they do n't have , and how this gets us in trouble .
something bigger than yourself
something for everyone
in the worthy EMI recording that serves as the soundtrack , or the home video of the 1992 Malfitano-Domingo production
screen magic
screenplay or
of which mainstream audiences have rarely seen
mostly believable , refreshingly low-key and
-- and especially Williams , an American actress who becomes fully English --
mostly believable , refreshingly low-key
, Paxton , making his directorial feature debut , does strong , measured work .
, Rain is the far superior film .
, Promises offers an unexpected window into the complexities of the Middle East struggle and into the humanity of its people .
, Possession is a movie that puts itself squarely in the service of the lovers who inhabit it .
mostly believable
, Rose 's film , true to its source material , provides a tenacious demonstration of death as the great equalizer .
the thing about guys like evans is this : you 're never quite sure where self-promotion ends and the truth begins . but as you watch the movie , you 're too interested to care
a handful
-- being real --
this holiday movie
a cute and sometimes side-splittingly funny blend of Legally Blonde and Drop Dead Gorgeous
a cute and sometimes side-splittingly funny blend of Legally Blonde and Drop Dead Gorgeous , starring Piper Perabo in what could be her breakthrough role .
a cut above the norm
a cut above the norm , thanks to some clever writing and sprightly acting
a cute and sometimes side-splittingly funny blend
a cruelly hilarious vein
a cruelly hilarious vein of black comedy
a cruelly hilarious vein of black comedy in the situation with his cast of non-actors and a gritty , no-budget approach
, the picture does have about a matinee admission 's worth of funny to keep it afloat .
IMAX in short
Disney 's great past
Disney 's strong sense of formula
Disney 's Cinderella proved that ' a dream is a wish your heart makes
with dramatic punch , a haunting ode to humanity
certain timeless quality
does make for excellent company
does best
document
does n't aim for our sympathy , but rather delivers a performance of striking skill and depth
a handful of virtuosic set pieces
simply admiring this bit or that , this performance or that
a strong education and
a strong dramatic and emotional pull that gradually sneaks up on the audience
a strong dramatic and emotional pull
a strong directorial stamp on every frame of this stylish film that is able to visualize schizophrenia but is still confident enough to step back and look at the sick character with a sane eye
a strong directorial stamp
a strong message about never giving up on a loved one
a strong message
much to weigh any arguments one way or the other . He simply presents his point of view that Ayurveda works .
much to weigh any arguments one way or the other . He simply presents his point of view that Ayurveda works . No question
much the same way
on people , a project in which the script and characters hold sway
much more to this adaptation of the Nick Hornby novel than charm
on opting out of any opportunity for finding meaning in relationships or work
it has some special qualities and the soulful gravity of Crudup 's anchoring performance .
it has some of the funniest jokes of any movie this year , including those intended for adults
of the conflict that came to define a generation
of the best silly horror movies
of the best of the Disney comedies
of the cinema world 's great visual stylists
Visually , ` Santa Clause 2 ' is wondrously creative .
Visually exciting
could have easily become a cold , calculated exercise in postmodern pastiche winds up a powerful and deeply moving example of melodramatic moviemaking
could hardly ask for more
could hardly ask for more .
adds enough quirky and satirical touches in the screenplay to keep the film entertaining .
adds substantial depth
adds enough quirky and satirical touches
Ice Age is the first computer-generated feature cartoon to feel like other movies
Ice Age is the first computer-generated feature cartoon to feel like other movies , and
adds substantial depth to this shocking testament to anti-Semitism and neo-fascism .
be based on a true and historically significant story
the result is a compelling slice of awkward emotions .
the creativity but without any more substance ... indulgently entertaining
the richness of its performances
be a thoughtful , emotional movie experience
Richard Pryor mined his personal horrors and came up with a treasure chest of material , but
Richard Pryor mined his personal horrors and came up with a treasure chest of material ,
passionately
passionate and truthful
passionate and
nutty , consistently funny . And educational !
numerous , world-renowned filmmakers
Jack O '
Ivy League college
Ivan is a prince of a fellow
the movie is powerful and provocative
without any of the pretension associated with the term
is , also , frequently hilarious
is , also , frequently hilarious .
is , as comedy goes ,
Denis and co-writer Michele Petin 's impeccable screenplay penetrates with a rawness that that is both unflinching and tantalizing . Lead provocatuers Testud and Parmentier give superlative performances
Denis and co-writer Michele Petin 's impeccable screenplay penetrates with a rawness that that is both unflinching and tantalizing .
Day is not a great Bond movie , but it is a good Bond movie , which still makes it much better than your typical Bond knock-offs .
Altogether , this is successful as a film , while at the same time being a most touching reconsideration of the familiar masterpiece .
There is a refreshing absence of cynicism in Stuart Little 2 -- quite a rarity , even in the family film market .
There is n't a weak or careless performance amongst them .
There is a refreshing absence of cynicism in Stuart Little 2 --
There is a refreshing absence of cynicism in Stuart Little 2 -- quite a rarity , even in the family film market
There is a beautiful , aching sadness to it all .
There is a refreshing absence of cynicism in Stuart Little 2
will be delighted with the fast , funny , and even touching story .
will be delighted with the fast , funny , and even touching story
surprises
decent action entertainment
decent sense
be placed in the pantheon of the best of the swashbucklers but it is a whole lot of fun and you get to see the one of the world 's best actors , Daniel Auteuil ,
surely have called this gutsy and at times exhilarating movie a great yarn
be seen at the very least for its spasms of absurdist humor
a smart , solid , kinetically-charged spy flick worthy of a couple hours of summertime and a bucket of popcorn
a smart , solid , kinetically-charged spy flick worthy
a sly , amusing , laugh-filled little gem in which the ultimate `` Bellini '' begins to look like a `` real Kaputschnik
kooky yet
surprised
a sock-you-in-the-eye flick that is a visual tour-de-force and a story that is unlike any you will likely see anywhere else
offer a fascinating glimpse
offer a fascinating glimpse into the subculture of extreme athletes whose derring-do puts the X into the games
offer any easy answers
offering an original
offering instead with its unflinching gaze a measure of faith in the future
know their roles
Ms. Hutchins is talented enough and charismatic enough to make us care about Zelda 's ultimate fate .
Ms. Griffiths and Mr. Pryce bring off this wild Welsh whimsy .
The filmmakers wisely decided to let Crocodile Hunter Steve Irwin do what he does best , and fashion a story around him .
The filmmakers ' eye for detail
The filmmakers ' eye for detail and the high standards of performance convey a strong sense of the girls ' environment .
The filmmakers try to balance pointed , often incisive satire and unabashed sweetness , with results that are sometimes bracing , sometimes baffling and quite often , and in unexpected ways , touching .
The filmmakers ' eye for detail and
The filmmakers ' eye for detail and the high standards of performance
Inventive ,
the food is enticing
in a way
in a way that is surprisingly enjoyable
the flamboyant mannerisms that are the trademark of several of his performances
n't win any points for originality . It does succeed by following a feel-good formula with a winning style , and by offering its target audience of urban kids
n't walk , to see this barbed and bracing comedy on the big screen
natural gifts
n't wait to see what happens next
obvious at times but evocative and heartfelt
occasionally brilliant but mostly average
occasionally brilliant but
occasionally brilliant
Inventive , fun , intoxicatingly sexy , violent , self-indulgent and maddening .
to explain without blowing whatever tension there is , although it 's more comedy than suspense De Palma creates
history seldom brought to light on the screen
his words and images do n't have to add up to mesmerize you
his words and images do n't have to add up to mesmerize you .
historical significance
Hilariously
thoughtfully delivered
The Last Kiss is really all about performances .
The Last Kiss
The plot is very clever ,
The plot is very clever
The Four Feathers has rewards , from the exoticism of its seas of sand to the fierce grandeur of its sweeping battle scenes .
The Hours is one of those reputedly '' unfilmable '' novels that has bucked the odds to emerge as an exquisite motion picture in its own right .
The Hot Chick is pretty damned funny .
The Importance of Being Earnest
of love that strikes a very resonant chord
the maddening and magnetic ebb and flow of friendship
keep the film entertaining even if none of it makes a lick of sense
keen , unsentimental look
A delectable and intriguing thriller filled with surprises , Read My Lips is an original . This is a story of two misfits who do n't stand a chance alone ,
good cinematography .
keeps you guessing from first frame to last
good dialogue
the formula feel fresh
super
goodness
up there with the finest of specials
acted -- and far less crass - than some other recent efforts
cogent story-telling and visual clarity
cogent point
interesting ''
interesting
to inject her pure fantasy character , Melanie Carmichael , with a massive infusion of old-fashioned Hollywood magic
to keep us on our toes
to leave a light on every night from now on
to let the earnestness of its execution and skill of its cast take you down a familiar road with a few twists .
Viewed as a comedy , a romance , a fairy tale , or a drama
Very predictable but still entertaining
the distinct and very welcome sense of watching intelligent people making a movie
uses a hit-or-miss aesthetic that hits often enough to keep the film entertaining even if none of it makes a lick of sense
bills
bilingual charmer
big-budget\/all-star movie
Nerds
Neither quite a comedy nor a romance , more of an impish divertissement of themes that interest Attal and Gainsbourg -- they live together -- the film has a lot of charm .
Neil Burger here succeeded in ... making the mystery of four decades back the springboard for a more immediate mystery in the present .
have the worthy successor to A Better Tomorrow and The Killer which they have been patiently waiting for
Yes .
this is a movie that 's got oodles of style and substance .
have the best of both worlds
this crowd-pleaser 's fresh dialogue , energetic music ,
this crowd-pleaser 's fresh dialogue , energetic music , and good-natured spunk
this crowd-pleaser 's fresh dialogue , energetic music , and good-natured spunk are often infectious .
this far above the level of the usual maudlin disease movie
this largely celebratory film
this lavish three-year-old production
upon her makes it successful and accessible
have to admit that I am baffled by Jason X .
a labour of love
have their funny bones tickled
a joyous occasion
a kickass , dense sci-fi action thriller hybrid that delivers and then some
the right choices
shrewdly
If Mostly Martha is mostly unsurprising , it 's still a sweet , even delectable diversion .
are of the highest and the performances
are often engaging
are of the highest and the performances attractive without being memorable
are of the highest and the performances attractive without being memorable .
Any
Any movie that makes hard work seem heroic deserves a look .
, Frida gets the job done .
, Freundlich has made just another safe movie
thoughtful and unflinching
It 's a ripper of a yarn
unblinkingly pure
some good , organic character work ,
Antwone Fisher certainly does the trick of making us care about its protagonist and celebrate his victories but , with few exceptions , it rarely stoops to cheap manipulation or corny conventions to do it
Antwone Fisher certainly does the trick of making us care about its protagonist and celebrate his victories but
the right choice
, Madonna 's cameo does n't suck !
, Madonna gives her best performance since Abel Ferrara had her beaten to a pulp in his Dangerous Game .
, Like Mike raises some worthwhile themes while delivering a wholesome fantasy for kids .
, Laissez-passer has all the earmarks of French cinema at its best .
, Lawrence 's delivery remains perfect
, LaBute does manage to make a few points about modern man and his problematic quest for human connection .
, Madonna is one helluva singer .
peppered with witty dialogue and inventive moments .
peppered with witty dialogue and inventive moments
peak
it was particularly funny
thoughtful and brimming
shows why , after only three films , director\/co-writer Jacques Audiard , though little known in this country , belongs in the very top rank of French filmmakers
unblinkingly pure as
an artist of 90-plus years taking the effort to share his impressions of life and loss and time and art with us
an artistry
an artistry that also smacks of revelation
shows why , after only three films , director\/co-writer Jacques Audiard , though little known in this country , belongs in the very top rank of French filmmakers .
target practice
taps into the primal fears of young people trying to cope with the mysterious and brutal nature of adults
perhaps the simplest story of all
personalities , inventive photography and cutting , and wall-to-wall toe-tapping music to paint a picture of a subculture that is at once exhilarating , silly , perverse , hopeful and always fun
( caine ) proves once again he has n't lost his touch , bringing off a superb performance in an admittedly middling film .
( de niro )
director Michael Cacoyannis displays with somber earnestness in the new adaptation of The Cherry Orchard
director Michael Cacoyannis
The more you think about the movie , the more you will probably like it .
The most audacious , outrageous , sexually explicit , psychologically probing , pure libido film of the year has arrived from Portugal .
of life and small delights
of love , family and all that
as respectful a film as byatt fans could hope for
It will make you think twice about what might be going on inside each trailer park you drive past -- even if it chiefly inspires you to drive a little faster .
catching solely on its visual merits
catapulting
catapulting the artist
catapulting the artist into her own work
cast of solid female talent who build a seamless ensemble
cast of solid female talent who build a seamless ensemble .
aims to be funny , uplifting and moving , sometimes all at once .
aims to be funny , uplifting and moving , sometimes all at once
aided by a cast that seems to include every top-notch British actor who did not appear in Gosford Park ( as well as one , Ms. Mirren , who did )
aims to be funny , uplifting and moving , sometimes
aggressively impressive as its American counterpart
so many of the challenges it poses for itself that one can forgive the film its flaws
The script is smart , not cloying .
LaBute pulls off a neater trick in Possession
Korean filmmaker 's
LaPaglia 's
LaPaglia 's ability to convey grief and hope
's almost worth seeing , if only to witness the crazy confluence of purpose and taste
's already comfortable enough in her own skin to be proud of her Rubenesque physique
star quality
proves that director M. Night Shyamalan can weave an eerie spell and that Mel Gibson can gasp , shudder and even tremble without losing his machismo
proves that director M. Night Shyamalan can weave an eerie spell and that Mel Gibson can gasp , shudder and even tremble without losing his machismo .
refreshing visit
refreshes the mind and spirit along with the body
refreshingly ,
does a splendid job of racial profiling Hollywood style -- casting excellent Latin actors of all ages -- a trend long overdue .
the story , like Ravel 's Bolero , builds to a crescendo that encompasses many more paths than we started with
does a splendid job of racial profiling Hollywood style -- casting excellent Latin actors of all ages -- a trend long overdue
the places , and the people ,
does .
documented the cruelty and suffering he has found with an devastating , eloquent clarity
the moviemaking process
the movie will live up to the apparent skills of its makers and the talents of its actors
keeps lifting the pedestal higher
keeps things interesting
keeps things interesting ,
keeps it fast -- zippy
boisterous energy
bold ( and lovely ) experiment
Ken Russell would love this . In one scene , we get a stab at soccer hooliganism , a double-barreled rip-off of Quentin Tarantino 's climactic shootout -- and Meat Loaf explodes .
Just about the best straight-up
Just about the best straight-up ,
Just about the best straight-up , old-school horror film of the last 15 years
Just about the best straight-up , old-school horror film of the last 15 years .
two central performances
Iles
creates an emotionally rich , poetically plump and visually fulsome , but never showy , film whose bittersweet themes are reinforced and
cool , slick stuff ,
coupled with some ingenious plot devices and some lavishly built settings .
cozy or
courting and
created a masterful piece of artistry
crafts quite moving scenes
it does somehow manage to get you under its spell
comes into sharp focus
happily
happening for the first time
sings
sinister inspiration
The film 's unhurried pace is actually one of its strengths .
A delicious and delicately funny look at the residents of a Copenhagen neighborhood coping with the befuddling complications life tosses at them .
incarnates the prophetic book
it employs are short , carefully placed and dead-center .
whose pervasive quiet
engross even
of three
of thoughtful , subjective filmmaking
of thoughtful war films and those
of tradition and warmth
National Lampoon 's Van Wilder is Son of Animal House . Officially
Natalie Babbitt 's gentle , endearing 1975 children 's novel
Caine makes us watch as his character awakens to the notion that to be human is eventually to have to choose .
Nearly every attempt at humor
Safe Conduct , however ambitious and well-intentioned ,
in a fresh way
in a guilty-pleasure , daytime-drama sort of fashion
in a joyous communal festival of rhythm
in a laugh-out-loud way
in a light-hearted way the romantic problems
in a low-key , organic way that encourages you to accept it as life and go with its flow
invite some genuine spontaneity into the film
to look at , listen to , and think about
feature but something far more stylish and cerebral -- and , hence , more chillingly effective
feature but something far more stylish and cerebral -- and , hence , more chillingly effective .
fearless purity
fax
a detriment
of neil burger 's impressive fake documentary
as respectful a film as Byatt fans could hope for
a scrappy , jovial team
ingenious and
infuses the role
Rohmer , now 82 , to find a way to bend current technique to the service of a vision of the past that is faithful to both architectural glories and commanding open spaces of the city as it was more than two centuries ago
distinguishes the merely quirky from the surreal
distinguish itself from the herd
a good yarn -- which is nothing to sneeze at these days
a good yarn --
a great impression
a great movie
a great monster movie
a great way to spend 4 units of your day
a great time
a greater knowledge
there 's back-stabbing , inter-racial desire and , most importantly , singing and dancing .
triumph '
bounces )
enough cool fun here to warm the hearts of animation enthusiasts of all ages
enough energy and excitement
enough funny
enough charm and appealing character quirks to forgive that still serious problem
enough cool
enough cool fun
enough cool fun here
to vary the pitch of his movie , balancing deafening battle scenes with quieter domestic scenes of women back home receiving War Department telegrams
to evoke surprising poignance
displays with somber earnestness in the new adaptation of The Cherry Orchard
dispense the same advice to film directors
It 's never too late to believe in your dreams . '
It 's never laugh-out-loud funny , but it is frequently amusing .
It 's nice to see Piscopo again after all these years ,
It 's nice to see Piscopo again after all these years , and Chaykin and Headly are priceless
It 's nice to see Piscopo again after all these years , and
deserves a huge amount of the credit for the film 's thoroughly winning tone
derivative , overlong , and bombastic -- yet surprisingly entertaining
The material
, first by passion
, featherweight charm
, feel-good film
, feasting on the gorgeous , ramshackle landscape of the filmmaker 's motherland
to see Recoing 's bizzarre reaction to his unemployment . Good film , but very glum
to say that I found it intriguing , bizarre , Dogma-like in spots - and quite truthful , in its way
a neat twist
to see it twice
desfecho que certamente fica na memória
that manages to invest real humor
behind bars
behold in its sparkling beauty
accessible and funny
wholesome twist
a completely honest , open-hearted film
a completely honest , open-hearted film that should appeal to anyone willing to succumb to it
a compelling journey ... and `` His Best Friend Remembers ''
a compelling journey ... and `` His Best Friend Remembers '' is up there with the finest of specials .
a compelling journey ... and ``
displays a rare gift for unflinching impartiality
wholly believable and heart-wrenching depths
displaying the wacky talent that brought him fame in the first place
Danilo Donati 's witty designs and
wholly
of his sweetness and vulnerability
it will stay with you
this one is a feast .
wholly believable and heart-wrenching
, sophisticated entertainment
, risk and romance
, reflective and reasonable
, prevents the proceedings from feeling repetitious , as does the appropriately brief 40-minute running time
, portrayed with quiet fastidiousness by Per Christian Ellefsen ,
, so lovingly and perceptively filmed that you can almost taste the desiccated air
, slice-of-depression life that touches nerves and rings true .
, skillful little horror film .
A.C. will help this movie one bit
uncluttered , resonant gem
unmistakable , easy
this one is a feast
beautifully shot , but
beautifully shot ,
indie .
indelible epic American story
indeed almost never , is such high-wattage brainpower coupled with pitch-perfect acting and an exquisite , unfakable sense of cinema .
incurably romantic
incredibly flexible cast
Simone '' is a fun and funky look into an artificial creation in a world that thrives on artificiality
Simone '' is a fun and
seeking Christian-themed fun
, outrageous , ingenious
that the set design and interiors of the haunted vessel are more than effectively creepy and moodily lit
Wobbly Senegalese updating of '' Carmen '' which is best for the stunning star turn by Djeinaba Diop Gai
City by the Sea is the cinematic equivalent of defensive driving : It 's careful , conscientious and makes no major mistakes .
to cut a swathe through mainstream Hollywood
to create something original
to create a very compelling , sensitive , intelligent and almost cohesive piece of film entertainment
with overall feelings , broader ideas , and open-ended questions than concrete story and definitive answers
to slovenly life in this self-deprecating , biting and witty feature written by Charlie Kaufman and his twin brother , Donald , and directed by Spike Jonze
beginnings
to make the most out of the intriguing premise
But what 's nice is that there 's a casual intelligence that permeates the script .
movie phenomenon
movie it is
this is a film that takes a stand in favor of tradition and warmth .
an inspiring tale
an inspiring tale of survival wrapped in the heart-pounding suspense of a stylish psychological thriller
But what spectacular sizzle it is !
a plot that rivals shakespeare for intrigue , treachery and murder
an interesting storyline
love , racial tension , and other issues that are as valid today
represents an auspicious feature debut for Chaiken .
represents two of those well spent
represents an auspicious feature debut for Chaiken
some entertainment value -
's as rude and profane as ever , always hilarious and , most of the time , absolutely right in her stinging social observations
's as rude and profane as ever , always hilarious and , most of the time , absolutely right in her stinging social observations .
's as rude and profane as ever , always hilarious and , most of the time , absolutely
's as rude and profane as ever , always hilarious and , most of the time , absolutely right
's as comprehensible as any Dummies guide , something even non-techies can enjoy .
's as fresh-faced as its young-guns cast
's as comprehensible as any Dummies guide , something even non-techies can enjoy
's an unusual , thoughtful bio-drama with a rich subject and some fantastic moments and scenes .
this surprisingly decent flick
without the use of special effects , but rather by emphasizing the characters
a humorous , all-too-human look
a humorous , all-too-human look at how hope can breed a certain kind of madness -- and strength
in recompense : A few early laughs scattered around a plot
in reverse
as a comedy , a romance , a fairy tale , or a drama
accomplishment
accomplished
absorbs us with the movie 's spycraft and uses Damon 's ability to be focused and sincere
absorbs us with the movie 's spycraft
absolute top
're too conscious of the effort it takes to be this spontaneous
undeniable energy
created a masterful work of art of their own
get the idea , though
that you can almost taste the desiccated air
Nonchalantly freaky and uncommonly pleasurable , Warm Water may well be the year 's best and most unpredictable comedy .
Monsoon Wedding
Nonchalantly freaky and uncommonly pleasurable
Mixes likeable personalities , inventive photography and cutting , and wall-to-wall toe-tapping music to paint a picture of a subculture that is at once exhilarating , silly , perverse , hopeful and always fun .
Nolan proves that he can cross swords with the best of them and helm a more traditionally plotted popcorn thriller while surrendering little of his intellectual rigor or creative composure .
much of Jonah simply , and gratefully
much of Jonah simply , and gratefully ,
much of the writing is genuinely witty
cool jackets
cool at others
the film ascends to a kinetic life so teeming that even cranky adults may rediscover the quivering kid inside .
is an amicable endeavor
is also a testament to the integrity and vision of the band
of poetry and passion
's humorously
the film is an enjoyable and frankly told tale of a people who live among us , but not necessarily with us .
the film grounded in an undeniable social realism
witty feature
This one is a few bits funnier than Malle 's dud , if only because the cast is so engagingly messing around like Slob City reductions of Damon Runyon crooks .
This one is certainly well-meaning
This one is certainly well-meaning ,
Crammed with incident , and bristles with passion and energy
Craig Bartlett and director Tuck Tucker should be commended for illustrating the merits of fighting hard for something that really matters .
Crammed with incident , and bristles with passion and energy .
An instance of an old dog not only learning but inventing a remarkable new trick .
in good measure
in his chilling , unnerving film
expert thriller
The movie itself is far from disappointing , offering an original take on courtroom movies , a few nifty twists that are so crucial to the genre and another first-rate performance by top-billed star Bruce Willis .
a remarkably strong cast
a reprieve
a retail clerk
a respectable new one
'' is a good-hearted ensemble comedy with a variety of quirky characters and an engaging story .
how they used to make movies , but also how they sometimes still can be made
'' comes from the heart
how important our special talents can be when put in service of of others
how good
how good it all was , and started doing nothing but reacting to it - feeling a part of its grand locations , thinking urgently as the protagonists struggled , feeling at the mercy of its inventiveness , gasping at its visual delights
how the depth and breadth of emotional intimacy give the physical act all of its meaning and most of its pleasure
how important our special talents can be when put in service of of others .
of yourself
off-the-cuff
off-the-cuff imaginative flourishes
few early laughs
which also dealt with British children rediscovering the power of fantasy during wartime
a kinetic life so teeming that even cranky adults may rediscover the quivering kid inside
a juicy soap opera
a huge heart
a kind , unapologetic , sweetheart of a movie
a kids-and-family-oriented cable channel
a kind , unapologetic , sweetheart
thrills and extreme emotions
undoubtedly play well in European markets , where Mr . Besson is a brand name , and in Asia , where Ms . Shu is an institution
dishes out a ton of laughs that everyone can enjoy
The Wild Thornberrys Movie has all the sibling rivalry and general family chaos to which anyone can relate .
The Wild Thornberrys Movie is pleasant enough
The Way Home is an ode to unconditional love and compassion garnered from years of seeing it all , a condition only the old are privy to , and ... often misconstrued as weakness .
is as respectful a film as Byatt fans could hope for
is as delightful as it is derivative .
is as seductive
is as respectful a film as Byatt fans could hope for ,
is analytical
is an utterly charming French comedy that feels so American in sensibility and style
is as delightful as it is derivative
is as delightful
is as seductive as it is haunting .
is as seductive as it is haunting
A refreshingly realistic , affectation-free coming-of-age tale .
A refreshingly realistic , affectation-free
A refreshingly realistic , affectation-free coming-of-age tale
A refreshing change from the usual whoopee-cushion effort
A refreshing change from the usual whoopee-cushion effort aimed at the youth market .
A reminder that beyond all the hype and recent digital glitz , Spielberg knows how to tell us about people .
there are moments it captures the erotics of intimacy in a way that makes most American love stories look downright unfree
as a virgin with a chastity belt . That 's why Sex and Lucia is so alluring
fancied
two dimension tale
fancy special effects
Of Favor manages not only to find a compelling dramatic means of addressing a complex situation
It 's like an old Warner Bros . costumer jived with sex -- this could be the movie Errol Flynn always wanted to make , though Bette Davis , cast as Joan , would have killed him .
are up there .
are very expressive .
are what makes it worth the trip to the theatre
are what makes it worth the trip to the theatre .
are worth the price of admission ... if `` gory mayhem '' is your idea of a good time
in Stuart Little 2 -- quite a rarity , even in the family film market . Eventually , it wins you over
Jackass '' fan
which may be why it works as well as it does
make a point with poetic imagery
make a nice coffee table book
make a pretty good team
sticks much closer to Hornby 's drop-dead confessional tone than the film version of High Fidelity did .
wo n't be able to look away for a second
brings a youthful , out-to-change-the-world aggressiveness to the project
tackles his themes and explores his characters ' crises with seriousness and compassion
take on a theme that will resonate with singles of many ages
sympathetically
take on a theme that will resonate with singles of many ages .
brings a youthful , out-to-change-the-world aggressiveness to the project , as if she 's cut open a vein and bled the raw film stock
is an imaginative teacher of emotional intelligence in this engaging film about two men who discover what William James once called ` the gift of tears
is an imaginative filmmaker who can see the forest for the trees
is an imaginative teacher of emotional intelligence in this engaging film about two men who discover what William James once called ` the gift of tears . '
is an imaginative teacher of emotional intelligence in this engaging film about two men who discover what William James once called ` the gift of tears .
is an impressive achievement in spite of a river of sadness that pours into every frame .
is an impressive achievement in spite of a river of sadness that pours into every frame
is an indelible epic American story about two families , one black and one white , facing change in both their inner and outer lives .
is an indelible epic American story about two families , one black and one white , facing change in both their inner and outer lives
is an inspirational love story ,
is an inspirational love story
unforced continuation
orchestrating
ordinary and
Life or Something Like It has its share of high points , but
Life or Something Like It has its share of high points ,
Like It has its share of high points
better acted -- and far less crass - than some other recent efforts in the burgeoning genre of films about black urban professionals
its execution and skill of its cast
award
natural-seeming actors
naturally funny film
naturally funny
firing on all cylinders
a sophisticated flower child 's
finds surprising depth in its look at the
finds surprising depth in its look
finds surprising depth
fine-looking
finds warmth in the coldest environment and makes each crumb of emotional comfort
finds warmth in the coldest environment and
finds warmth in the coldest environment
sober and educational
seems worth the effort
seems worth the effort .
scariest movies to come along in a long , long time ,
most enjoyable
bubbles up
like the logical , unforced continuation of the careers of a pair of spy kids
like their romances to have that French realism
like they were lifted from Terry Gilliam 's subconscious , pressed through Kafka 's meat grinder and into Buñuel 's casings
like this film
like this movie
like this movie a lot
like this movie a lot .
two performers who put themselves out there because they love what they do
two strangers in town
two winning lead performances
very watchable
veteran
two strangers
very solid , very watchable first feature for director Peter Sheridan
pump life into overworked elements from Eastwood 's Dirty Harry period
's so clever you want to hate it
's so clever you want to hate it .
's so honest and keenly observed that it does n't feel like one
's still a lot of life in Hong Kong cinema
's obviously struck a responsive chord with many South Koreans , and should work its magic in other parts of the world .
's possible for a sequel to outshine the original
following a feel-good formula
's significant without being overstated .
focusing intently on his characters ,
focusing intently
focused and
fleet turns of plot and
's the best film of the year so far , the benchmark against which all other Best Picture contenders should be measured .
fine performances ,
fine judges both
photographed and staged by Mendes with a series of riveting set pieces
photographed and staged by Mendes with a series of riveting set pieces the likes of which mainstream audiences have rarely seen
photographed and staged by Mendes with a series of riveting set pieces the likes of which mainstream audiences have rarely seen .
photographic marvel
leave feeling like you 've endured a long workout without your pulse ever racing
leatherbound
leave fans clamoring for another ride
have you swinging from the trees hooting it 's praises , but it 's definitely worth taking a look
have you talking 'til the end of the year
having a real writer plot
a good film that must have baffled the folks in the marketing department
embrace this engaging and literate psychodrama
how Lillard channels the Shagster right down to the original Casey Kasem-furnished voice
how appreciative you are of this depends on your level of fandom
of lazy humor
a trip
a treasure in and of itself
a triumph of gentility
a triumph of gentility that earns its moments of pathos
a triumph of emotionally and narratively complex filmmaking
a triumph of emotionally and narratively complex filmmaking .
a good film that must have baffled the folks in the marketing department .
how Bettany and McDowell play off each other
recreates both the physical setting and emotional tensions of the Papin sisters
leaves you wanting more
leaves viewers with the task of divining meaning .
thanks to great performances
harrowing and uplifting
harrowing account
thank me for this
the color palette , with lots of somber blues and pinks , is dreamy and evocative
the comic opportunities richly rewarded
the company 's astonishing growth
praised
pranks and scenes
is a great story , terrifically told by the man who wrote it
testify to the comparative accuracy of ms
fustily tasteful
by providing good , lively company
what made old-time B movies good-bad that makes Eight Legged Freaks a perfectly entertaining summer diversion
actually makes the heart soar . Yes , soar
the magnificent Jackie Chan
finds the ideal outlet for his flick-knife diction in the role of Roger Swanson
safe and sound
may rethink their attitudes when they see the joy the characters take in this creed
may prove to be ( Tsai 's ) masterpiece .
may prove to be ( Tsai 's ) masterpiece
may not touch the planet 's skin , but understands the workings of its spirit .
may not touch the planet 's skin , but understands the workings of its spirit
it wants to be
than romantic
a best
more than play an innocuous game of fill-in - the-blanks with a tragic past .
romance and someone
`` Die Another Day '' one of the most entertaining Bonds in years
surrounds herself with a company of strictly A-list players
surrounding us
surrounded by open windows
its fizz is infectious
its heart is in the right place ... innocent and well-meaning
its boasts a huge charm factor and smacks of originality
its boasts a huge charm factor and smacks of originality .
, doing its namesake proud
, dramatically forceful , and beautifully shot
, dramatic treatment
, duty and friendship
The journey to the secret 's eventual discovery
The journey to the secret 's eventual discovery is a separate adventure ,
The ingenious construction ( adapted by David Hare from Michael Cunningham 's novel )
The ingenious construction
The ingenious construction ( adapted by David Hare from Michael Cunningham 's novel ) constantly flows forwards and back , weaving themes among three strands which allow us to view events as if through a prism
The journey to the secret 's eventual discovery is a separate adventure , and thrill enough .
The journey to the secret 's eventual discovery is a separate adventure , and thrill enough
is a fleeting and precious commodity no matter how old you are
Like a pack of dynamite sticks , built for controversy . The film is explosive , but a few of those sticks are wet .
Like a pack of dynamite sticks , built for controversy . The film is explosive , but
Like a pack of dynamite sticks , built for controversy . The film is explosive ,
Like a precious and finely cut diamond , magnificent to behold in its sparkling beauty yet in reality it 's one tough rock .
Like a precious and finely cut diamond
for anyone
are sweeping
are short , carefully placed and dead-center
are short , carefully placed and dead-center .
are some wonderfully fresh moments that smooth the moral stiffness with human kindness and hopefulness
are some wonderfully fresh moments that smooth the moral stiffness with human kindness and hopefulness .
are relegated to the background -- a welcome step forward from the Sally Jesse Raphael atmosphere of films like Philadelphia and American Beauty .
are remarkable
are remarkable .
are rich veins of funny stuff in this movie
shaped by director Peter Kosminsky into sharp slivers and cutting impressions
shaping the world
new
anachronistic phantasms haunting the imagined glory of their own pasts
anachronistic quick edits and occasional jarring glimpses of a modern theater audience watching the events unfold
anachronistic quick edits and
overcome his personal obstacles and become a good man
that elevate '' Glory '' above most of its ilk
that effortlessly draws you in
that embraces its old-fashioned themes and in the process comes out looking like something wholly original
that embraces its old-fashioned themes and
that embraces its old-fashioned themes
that encourages you to accept it as life and go with its flow
Brutally honest
Brutally honest and
Brutally honest and told with humor and poignancy
Brutally honest and told with humor and poignancy , which makes its message resonate .
Bui
be universal in its themes of loyalty , courage and dedication to a common goal ,
be universal in its themes of loyalty , courage and dedication to a common goal
be viewed and treasured for its extraordinary intelligence and originality as well as its lyrical variations on the game of love
of the acting breed
characters who illuminate mysteries of sex , duty and love
you might be seduced .
an impeccable sense
an important , original talent
an important director
an important , original talent in international cinema
an important political documentary
to distance it from the pack of paint-by-number romantic comedies
say for plenty of movies
say for plenty of movies that flow through the Hollywood pipeline without a hitch
say , yes ,
say , yes , ` It 's like having an old friend for dinner '
Binks
who is always a joy to watch , even when her material is not first-rate
who is always a joy to watch , even when her material is not first-rate )
who instantly transform themselves into a believable mother\/daughter pair
be a fascinating , involving character study
The work of an artist tormented by his heritage , using his storytelling ability to honor the many faceless victims .
` artistically ' with handheld cameras
` You 're from two different worlds ' and ` Tonight the maid is a lie and this
cuts against this natural grain , producing a work that 's more interested in asking questions than in answering them
a fairy tale that comes from a renowned Indian film culture that allows Americans to finally revel in its splendor
frankness , civility and compassion
your toes wo n't still be tapping
Alternating between facetious comic parody and pulp melodrama , this smart-aleck movie ... tosses around some intriguing questions about the difference between human and android life .
its fans are hoping it will be , and in that sense is a movie that deserves recommendation
El Bola is a movie steeped in an ambiguity that lends its conflicts a symbolic resonance .
Elling really is about a couple of crazy guys
Elling really is about a couple of crazy guys , and it 's therapeutic to laugh along with them .
are every bit as distinctive as his visuals . Beyond the cleverness , the weirdness and the pristine camerawork
are especially fine .
are especially fine
, the director 's experiment is a successful one .
rendering of Puccini 's tale of devotion
is engaging enough to keep you from shifting in your chair too often
is engaged
Cool gadgets and creatures
Continually challenges perceptions of guilt and innocence , of good guys and bad , and asks us whether a noble end can justify evil means .
Cool gadgets and creatures keep this fresh . Not as good as the original ,
William James once called ` the gift of tears
Williams plays Sy , another of his open-faced , smiling madmen , like the killer in Insomnia . He does this so well
Williams plays Sy , another of his open-faced , smiling madmen , like the killer in Insomnia . He does this so well you do n't have the slightest difficulty accepting him in the role .
As Weber and Weissman demonstrate with such insight and celebratory verve
As Bundy , Michael Reilly Burke ( Octopus 2 : River of Fear ) has just the right amount of charisma and menace .
As Weber and Weissman demonstrate with such insight and celebratory verve , the Cockettes were n't as much about gender , sexual preference or political agitprop as they were simply a triumph of the indomitable human will to rebel , connect and create .
As a randy film about sexy people in gorgeous places
As a director , Mr . Ratliff wisely rejects the temptation to make fun of his subjects .
As a witness to several Greek-American weddings -- but , happily , a victim of none
As a randy film about sexy people in gorgeous places being pushed and pulled ( literally and figuratively ) by desire ... ( Sex and Lucía ) makes for an arousing good time .
gritty police thriller
dancing
curious about each other against all odds
curious
a character who , in spite of tragic loss and increasing decrepitude , knows in his bones that he is one of the luckiest men alive
a classic low-budget film noir movie
a class with that of Wilde
a clear-eyed portrait of an intensely lived time , filled with nervous energy , moral ambiguity and great uncertainties
a clear-eyed portrait
a clever adaptation
pulls the rug out from under you
proper respect
realism , crisp storytelling
promising , talented , charismatic and tragically
it sets out with no pretensions and delivers big time
were actually surprising
in The Philadelphia Story ? David Spade
Nearly surreal , dabbling in French , this is no simple movie
sentimental chick-flicks
Münch 's genuine insight makes the film 's occasional overindulgence forgivable .
build a seamless ensemble
brutal and funny
bubbles up out of John C. Walsh 's Pipe Dream is the distinct and very welcome sense of watching intelligent people making a movie
are a couple of things that elevate `` Glory '' above most of its ilk , most notably the mere presence of Duvall
pulls the strings that make Williams sink into melancholia
appropriately , the tale unfolds like a lazy summer afternoon and concludes with the crisp clarity of a fall dawn .
are Oscar-size
turns the idea of the documentary on its head ,
of decent acting , writing , and direction
of defensive driving : It 's careful , conscientious and makes no major mistakes .
re-enactments ,
full of charm
full of cheesy dialogue , but great trashy fun that finally returns De Palma to his pulpy thrillers of the early '80s
full of deep feeling
full of elaborate and twisted characters
full of funny situations and honest observations
the way they help increase an average student 's self-esteem
have emerged as hilarious lunacy in the hands of Woody Allen
Washington demands and receives excellent performances
Watching these two actors play against each other so intensely , but with restraint , is a treat .
Watching these two actors play against each other so intensely , but with restraint
Watching these two actors play
to see the last James Bond movie
potential for the sequels
potentially just as rewarding
potential success
potent exploration
potent chemistry
grasps
fully ` rendered '
fully capitalize on its lead 's specific gifts
fun , curiously adolescent movie
sneering humor
some fine sex onscreen , and some tense arguing
that it 's hard not to be carried away
that it 's too close to real life to make sense . What 's invigorating about it is that it does n't give a damn
that it can only encourage us to see Samira Makhmalbaf as a very distinctive sensibility , working to develop her own film language with conspicuous success
that it does n't follow the stale , standard , connect-the-dots storyline which has become commonplace in movies that explore the seamy underbelly of the criminal world
An ambitious , serious film
changing times , clashing cultures and the pleasures of a well-made pizza
the film 's length becomes a part of its fun
succeed by following a feel-good formula with a winning style
reach a level of high drama
raw exhilaration
ravishing costumes , eye-filling , wide-screen production design and Joan 's wacky decision to stand by her man , no matter how many times he demonstrates that he 's a disloyal satyr
raw insight or
more entertaining , too
raw insight or both .
is the one with the most emotional resonance
its pleasures intermittent
the Russian word for Wow !
Steven Shainberg 's adaptation of Mary Gaitskill 's harrowing short story ... is a brilliantly played , deeply unsettling experience .
Steven Shainberg 's adaptation
deeply authentic
dedication
deep , uncompromising
deep or
deep or substantial
You wo n't believe much of it , but you will laugh at the audacity , at the who 's who casting and the sheer insanity of it all
somewhere in the story of Matthew Shepard
semi-surrealist exploration of the creative act .
Quite funny for the type of movie it is ...
Quite funny
in its place a sweetness , clarity and emotional openness that recalls the classics of early Italian neorealism
in its rhythms and resonance
in luck
heart-affecting
heart enough for everyone
heart-rending in an honest and unaffected ( and gentle ) way
heart-rending
heart-stopping recipe
realistic , non-exploitive approach
so crucial to the genre and another first-rate performance
so convincing
so , hopefully , this film will attach a human face to all those little steaming cartons .
so believable that you feel what they feel
so appealing on third or fourth viewing
so compellingly with us is a minor miracle
so compellingly
lump-in-the-throat family entertainment
Heartwarming
Heartwarming and gently comic even as the film breaks your heart
Heartwarming and
Heartwarming and gently comic even as the film breaks your heart .
made for : Strap on a pair of 3-D goggles , shut out the real world , and take a vicarious voyage to the last frontier -- space
that 's what makes it irresistible
There 's no denying the elaborateness of the artist 's conceptions , nor his ability to depict them with outrageous elan ,
resurrecting performers who rarely work in movies now ... and drawing flavorful performances from bland actors
we call the ` wow ' factor
is a winning ensemble comedy that shows Canadians can put gentle laughs and equally gentle sentiments on the button , just as easily as their counterparts anywhere else in the world .
with results that are sometimes bracing , sometimes baffling and quite often , and in unexpected ways , touching
with results that are sometimes bracing , sometimes baffling and quite often , and
Ludicrous , but director Carl Franklin adds enough flourishes and freak-outs to make it entertaining .
Loyal
The charm of the first movie is still there , and
The charm of the first movie is still there ,
The charm of the first movie is still there , and the story feels like the logical , unforced continuation of the careers of a pair of spy kids .
The charm of the first movie is still there , and the story feels like the logical , unforced continuation of the careers of a pair of spy kids
's worth the concentration
's worth taking the kids to .
's worth taking the kids to
's worth seeing .
's worth seeing
's worth ,
night shyamalan 's ability to pull together easily accessible stories that resonate with profundity
nice
-- nonstop romance , music , suspense and action .
just honest enough to provide the pleasures of a slightly naughty , just-above-average off - Broadway play
-- go see it
-- filled with menace and squalor
it is a unique , well-crafted psychological study of grief
-- inner and outer -- that 's all too rare in Hollywood 's hastier productions
-- it 's among the most breathtakingly designed films I 've ever seen .
Frank Capra played this story straight .
designed to keep the audience guessing and guessing -- which is not to be confused with suspecting -- until it comes time to wrap things up and send the viewers home
some visual wit
Must-see viewing
Must-see
Must-see viewing for anyone involved in the high-tech industry
occurs about 7 times during Windtalkers is a good indication of how serious-minded the film is
every painful nuance , unexpected flashes of dark comedy
Its appeal
Its and pieces of The Hot Chick are so hilarious
Its and pieces of The Hot Chick are so hilarious ,
Its and pieces of The Hot Chick are so hilarious , and
Its and pieces of The Hot Chick are so hilarious , and Schneider 's performance is so fine
to shock and amaze
cares passionately about its subject ,
Everything in Maid in Manhattan is exceedingly pleasant , designed not to offend . It goes down easy , leaving virtually no aftertaste .
cares passionately about its subject , but
careful , conscientious and
careful , conscientious
careful , conscientious and makes no major mistakes
... digs beyond the usual portrayals of good kids and bad seeds to reveal a more ambivalent set of characters and motivations .
( b )
, Jason Bourne .
, Haynes gets just about everything right .
, Hopkins and Norton are a winning combination
, Hell House is a fascinating document of an event that has to be seen to be believed .
, Hush ! sympathetically captures the often futile lifestyle of young people in modern Japan .
, I can state that Kissing Jessica Stein may be the best same-sex romance I have seen .
cold , oddly colorful and just plain otherworldly , a freaky bit of art that 's there to scare while we delight in the images
cold , oddly colorful and just plain otherworldly
was amused and entertained by the unfolding of Bielinsky 's cleverly constructed scenario , and greatly impressed by the skill of the actors involved in the enterprise .
weaves us into a complex web
Bambi
Bailly manages to deliver
Girls Ca n't Swim represents an engaging and intimate first feature by a talented director to watch ,
struck less by its lavish grandeur than by its intimacy and precision
handed down from the movie gods
handle the mix of verbal jokes and slapstick well
handle the mix of verbal jokes and slapstick well .
date-night diversion
dashing
dashing and absorbing
you find yourself staring hypnotically at her , trying to understand her and wondering if she 'll crack
you feel the pieces of the Star Wars saga falling into place in a way that makes your spine tingle with revelation and excitement .
strong themes of familial ties and
A complex psychological drama about a father who returns to his son 's home after decades away .
strong themes
strong themes of familial ties
There 's enough science to make it count as educational , and enough beauty to make it unforgettable .
The year 's happiest surprise , a movie that deals with a real subject in an always surprising way .
strongly present some profound social commentary
This delicately
its soccer action and its fine acting
unparalleled proportions
unparalleled
unparalleled proportions , writer-director Parker
cuisine and palatable presentation
unnerving suspense
' ... a great , participatory spectator sport
will be delighted simply to spend more time with familiar cartoon characters
best and
best and most
benefit
this good
this girl deserves a sequel
this silly little cartoon can inspire a few kids not to grow up to be greedy
true to his principles
this fresh .
a youthful , out-to-change-the-world aggressiveness
is funny ,
imbued with strong themes of familial ties and spirituality that are powerful and moving without stooping to base melodrama
When you 've got the wildly popular Vin Diesel in the equation
When twentysomething hotsies make movies about their lives , hard-driving narcissism is a given , but what a world we 'd live in if Argento 's Hollywood counterparts ... had this much imagination and nerve .
When twentysomething hotsies make movies about their lives , hard-driving narcissism is a given , but what a world we 'd live in if Argento 's Hollywood counterparts ... had this much imagination and nerve
Whenever it threatens to get bogged down in earnest dramaturgy , a stirring visual sequence like a surge through swirling rapids or a leap from pinnacle to pinnacle rouses us . If horses could fly , this is surely what they 'd look like .
works well enough , since the thrills pop up frequently
offers an unexpected window
marvels .
moments of real pleasure
moments of the movie caused me to jump in my chair ...
to take us on his sentimental journey of the heart
that is miraculously able to entertain anyway .
best Disney movie
best actress
best espionage picture
best for the stunning star turn by Djeinaba Diop Gai
best little
best little `` horror '' movie
Candid and comfortable
Candid and comfortable ; a film that deftly balances action and reflection as it lets you grasp and feel the passion others have for their work .
Carmichael
so honest and keenly observed
sustain a good simmer for most of its running time
sustain an enjoyable level of ridiculousness
sustain a reasonable degree of suspense
sustain a reasonable degree of suspense on its own
the movie 's strengths at almost every juncture .
even though their story is predictable , you 'll want things to work out
ca n't wait to see what the director does next
promising young lad
old-world charm
old-fashioned-movie movie
old-fashioned scary movie
old-fashioned themes
of quiet power
of race and culture forcefully told , with superb performances throughout
the integrity and vision
The Emperor 's Club , ruthless in its own placid way , finds one of our most conservative and hidebound movie-making traditions and gives it new texture , new relevance , new reality .
in getting under the skin of her characters
The Emperor 's Club , ruthless in its own placid way
The Emperor 's Club ,
being only sporadically amusing
has traveled to places in the world devastated by war , famine and poverty and documented the cruelty and suffering he has found with an devastating , eloquent clarity
has transformed the rhetoric of Hollywood melodrama into something provocative , rich , and strange .
has waited three years with breathless anticipation for a new Hal Hartley movie to pore over
has wonderfully funny moments
an irresistible blend
there 's much to recommend the film .
there 's enough cool fun here to warm the hearts of animation enthusiasts of all ages .
there 's a certain robustness to this engaging mix of love and bloodletting .
there 's never a dull moment in the giant spider invasion comic chiller
More intimate than spectacular , E.T. is carried less by wow factors than by its funny , moving yarn that holds up well after two decades .
with a sensitivity
with a real anarchic flair
with a pertinent ( cinematically unique ) message
with a message
with a genuinely spooky premise and an above-average cast , actor Bill Paxton 's directing debut
most admirable quality
most colorful and controversial
most colorful and controversial artists
most alive
most compelling Wiseman epic
A fairly enjoyable mixture
A diverse and astonishingly articulate cast of Palestinian and Israeli children .
Moonlight Mile should strike a nerve in many .
A distinguished and thoughtful film , marked by acute writing and a host of splendid performances .
A distinguished and thoughtful film
A disoriented but occasionally disarming saga packed with moments out of an Alice in Wonderland adventure , a stalker thriller , and a condensed season of TV 's Big Brother .
the movie 's strengths
Stevens has a flair for dialogue comedy , the film operates nicely off the element of surprise , and the large cast is solid .
Stevenson 's book , which is a treasure in and of itself
got its heart in the right place
gotten respectful critical praise in a different era
gotten respectful critical praise
's bright side .
Jennifer Lopez 's most aggressive and most sincere attempt
the intrigue and suspense and
Jeong-Hyang Lee 's film is deceptively simple , deeply satisfying .
A compelling , moving film that respects its audience and its source material .
A compelling Spanish film
A cockamamie tone poem pitched precipitously between swoony lyricism and violent catastrophe ... the most aggressively nerve-wracking and screamingly neurotic romantic comedy in cinema history .
A coda in every sense , The Pinochet Case splits time between a minute-by-minute account of the British court 's extradition chess game and the regime 's talking-head survivors .
A comic gem
A comic gem with some serious sparkles .
A compelling
more than a chuckle
popcorn thriller
times uncommonly moving
worth recommending because of two marvelous performances by Michael Caine and Brendan Fraser
fare with real thematic heft .
fare with real thematic heft
fare , with enough creative energy and wit to entertain all ages .
fare , with enough creative energy and wit to entertain all ages
fare , with enough
the best story
family audience
familiar road
family fun
family parable
family responsibility and care
a marvel of reality versus sappy sentiment
, Interview with the Assassin draws its considerable power from simplicity .
, Ignorant Fairies is still quite good-natured and not a bad way to spend an hour or two .
a marvel
, I 'll admit it , my only complaint is that we did n't get more re-creations of all those famous moments from the show .
, that is ,
, the acting is fresh and unselfconscious , and Munch is a marvel of reality versus sappy sentiment .
, the cast has a lot of fun with the material .
, the cast and director Stephen Herek 's polished direction pour delightfully piquant wine from aged bottles .
, the derivative Nine Queens is lots of fun
, the edge-of-your-seat , educational antics of Steve Irwin are priceless entertainment .
, the eccentric theater company manager
so clever you want to hate it
with some awesome action photography and surfing
with some ingenious plot devices and some lavishly built settings .
the momentary joys of pretty and weightless intellectual entertainment
comparatively sane and healthy
compelling plots
compassion , good-natured
compassion , good-natured humor
A fast-moving and remarkable film that appears
improved .
impressive fake documentary
impressive and
impossible to look away . Ah yes
impressive and highly entertaining celebration
impressive and highly entertaining
impeccable study
important movie
's apparent that this is one summer film that satisfies
's anchored by splendid performances from an honored screen veteran and a sparkling newcomer who instantly transform themselves into a believable mother\/daughter pair .
's anchored by splendid performances from an honored screen veteran and a sparkling newcomer who instantly transform themselves into a believable mother\/daughter pair
's an often-cute film
A fast-moving and remarkable film
Writer\/director Mark Romanek spotlights the underlying caste system in America . It 's a scathing portrayal .
should please fans of Chris Fuhrman 's posthumously published cult novel
loyalty
in matters of the heart
in lovely costumes , Southern California locations and star power
As quiet , patient and tenacious as Mr . Lopez himself , who approaches his difficult , endless work with remarkable serenity and discipline .
As refreshing
sometimes like to go to the movies to have fun
Even better than the first one !
Even better than the first one
Even if The Ring has a familiar ring , it 's still unusually crafty and intelligent for Hollywood horror .
Evelyn comes from the heart .
Even better
Even before it builds up to its insanely staged ballroom scene , in which 3000 actors appear in full regalia , it 's waltzed itself into the art film pantheon .
Even if it pushes its agenda too forcefully , this remains a film about something , one that attempts and often achieves a level of connection and concern .
No Such Thing is sort of a minimalist Beauty and the Beast , but in this case the Beast should definitely get top billing . Robert John Burke as The Monster horns in and steals the show .
of bravery . For this reason and this reason only -- the power of its own steadfast , hoity-toity convictions -- Chelsea Walls deserves a medal
fascinating and fun
fascinating and fun film
fascinating and playful
far more thoughtful
far more thoughtful film
fascinated
fascinating film
it one of the year 's most enjoyable releases
it might just be the movie you 're looking for .
the edge of your seat with its shape-shifting perils , political intrigue and brushes
'' Personal Freedom First
The film makes strong arguments regarding the social status of America 's indigenous people , but
The film itself is about something very interesting and odd that
The film is small in scope , yet perfectly formed .
The film makes strong arguments regarding the social status of America 's indigenous people
The film is delicately narrated by Martin Landau and directed with sensitivity and skill by Dana Janklowicz-Mann .
The film is an earnest try at beachcombing verismo , but it would be even more indistinct than it is were it not for the striking , quietly vulnerable personality of Ms . Ambrose .
The film is hard to dismiss -- moody , thoughtful , and lit by flashes of mordant humor .
The film is explosive
touching and wonderfully dyspeptic .
touching and well paced .
touching and wonderfully dyspeptic
touching to the marrow
touching reconsideration
finds a way to lay bare the tragedies of its setting with a good deal of warmth and humor
finding God that is accessible and touching to the marrow .
finding God that is accessible and touching to the marrow
finding God that is accessible
find yourself staring hypnotically at her , trying to understand her and wondering if she 'll crack
find much to mull and debate
find himself or herself smiling at one time or another
Though only 60 minutes long , the film is packed with information and impressions .
Director Shekhar Kapur and screenwriters Michael Schiffer and Hossein Amini have tried hard to modernize and reconceptualize things ,
tender and heart-wrenching
does n't win any points for originality . It does succeed by following a feel-good formula with a winning style , and by offering its target audience of urban kids some welcome role models and optimism .
After an uncertain start , Murder hits and generally sustains a higher plateau with Bullock 's memorable first interrogation of Gosling .
watch as a good spaghetti western
finally revel in its splendor
's rare to find a film that dazzles the eye , challenges the brain
If the film 's vision of sport as a secular religion is a bit cloying , its through-line of family and community is heartening in the same way that each season marks a new start .
If not a home run , then at least
If it 's unnerving suspense you 're after -- you 'll find it with Ring , an indisputably spooky film ; with a screenplay to die for .
If not a home run , then at least a solid base hit .
If the material is slight and admittedly manipulative , Jacquot preserves Tosca 's intoxicating ardor through his use of the camera .
The movie ultimately relies a bit too heavily on grandstanding , emotional , Rocky-like moments ... but it 's such a warm and charming package that you 'll feel too happy to argue much
the power of its own steadfast , hoity-toity convictions --
's quite a talented director
feeling to it , but like the 1920 's , the trip there is a great deal of fun .
merry
merry and
merit it
she 's as morning-glory exuberant as she was in Amélie
merry and , yes ,
the popular predecessor
it makes up for with a great , fiery passion .
it makes up for in heart .
it may be the most oddly honest Hollywood document of all
it manages to maintain both a level of sophisticated intrigue and human-scale characters that suck the audience in .
it may rate as the most magical and most fun family fare of this or any recent holiday season .
it may cause parents a few sleepless hours -- a sign of its effectiveness
funny , and even touching
funny feast
funny film .
with a wry dark humor
is ingenious
is ingenious fun . See it
is ingenious fun . See it .
is insightful about Kissinger 's background and history
is insightful about Kissinger 's background and history .
is instructive
is its energy
the full emotional involvement and support of a viewer
the future than `` Bladerunner '' and one of the most high-concept sci fi adventures attempted for the screen
Remarkably accessible and affecting
the gentle melding of drama and comedy makes `` What Time Is It There ? ''
these things
is an act of spiritual faith -- an eloquent , deeply felt meditation on the nature of compassion .
is an act of spiritual faith -- an eloquent , deeply felt meditation on the nature of compassion
is an accomplished actress
is an elegantly balanced movie -- every member of the ensemble has something fascinating to do -- that does n't reveal even a hint of artifice .
is an elegantly balanced movie -- every member of the ensemble has something fascinating to do -- that does n't reveal even a hint of artifice
irresistibly uncanny ambience
irresistibly than in ` Baran
palma . if you love him , you 'll like it .
elegant and sly deadpan
sewing together what could have been a confusing and horrifying vision into an intense and engrossing head-trip
to learn , to grow ,
Though this saga would be terrific to read about , it is dicey screen material that only a genius should touch .
which director Shekhar Kapur supplies with tremendous skill
from Motown 's shadows
from Japan
the top of their lungs
ca n't wait for the sequel
in Insomnia . He does this so well
full-blooded
full of masters of both
An intelligently made ( and beautifully edited )
An intelligently made
An interesting psychological game
An intelligently made ( and beautifully edited ) picture that at the very least has a spark of life to it -- more than you can say for plenty of movies that flow through the Hollywood pipeline without a hitch .
An interesting psychological game of cat-and-mouse , three-dimensional characters and believable performances all add up to a satisfying crime drama .
An interesting psychological game of cat-and-mouse , three-dimensional characters and believable performances
An intriguing look at the French film industry during the German occupation
An intriguing look
An intriguing look at the French film industry during the German occupation ; its most delightful moments come when various characters express their quirky inner selves
An intriguing look at the French film industry during the German occupation ;
a mixture of deadpan cool , wry humor and just the measure
all the usual ground
proves itself a more streamlined
proves it 's never too late to learn .
proves absolutely that really , really , really good things can come in enormous packages
proved its creative mettle
proves it 's never too late to learn
proves himself a deft pace master and stylist
proves absolutely that really , really , really good things can come in enormous packages .
parapsychological
Mariah Carey gives us another peek at some of the magic we saw in Glitter here in Wisegirls .
worth your time
even very small children will be impressed by this tired retread
allow the filmmakers to present the biblical message of forgiveness without it ever becoming preachy or syrupy .
allow the filmmakers to present the biblical message of forgiveness without it ever becoming preachy or syrupy
all-around good time
at this level of manic whimsy , it is just about right
at the heart of more universal concerns
at the same time being a most touching reconsideration of the familiar masterpiece
at this level of manic whimsy , it is just about right .
that pushes a majority-oriented director like Steven Spielberg to follow A . I . with this challenging report so liable to unnerve the majority
does n't have much panache , but with material this rich it does n't need it .
does n't have much panache , but with material this rich it does n't need it
does n't make the movie any less entertaining
does n't mean you wo n't like looking at it
of slapstick sequences
pure , exciting moviemaking
Thornberrys Movie
re-create the excitement of such '50s flicks as Jules Verne 's ' 20,000 Leagues Under the Sea ' and the George Pal version of H.G. Wells ' ` The Time Machine
bloodsucker computer effects
The Bread ,
does probably as good a job as anyone
themes that interest Attal and Gainsbourg
reach the emotion or timelessness of Disney 's great past , or even that of more recent successes such as `` Mulan '' or `` Tarzan
then Triple X marks the spot .
anything more than a visit to McDonald 's , let alone
anything but frustrating , boring , and
does strong , measured work
the movie 's most admirable quality
the moment when a woman 's life , out of a deep-seated , emotional need , is about to turn onto a different path
the movie should win the band a few new converts , too
the opulent lushness of every scene
two of those well spent
I Killed My Father would be a rarity in Hollywood .
sad , occasionally horrifying but often inspiring film
bring Kissinger 's record into question and explain how the diplomat 's tweaked version of statecraft may have cost thousands and possibly millions of lives
bring a heart and reality that buoy the film , and at times , elevate it to a superior crime movie
apart human foibles , not afraid to lay her life bare in front of an audience .
brilliant and brutal
brilliant gag
brilliant performances
brilliant piece
brilliant surfing photography
optimistic that there 's hope for popular cinema yet
optimistic
opportunity to embrace small , sweet ` Evelyn
compelling as it is exotic , fast runner has a plot that rivals shakespeare for intrigue , treachery and murder
to be having so much fun with the slapstick antics and silly street patois , tossing around obscure expressions like Bellini and Mullinski , that the compact 86 minutes breezes by
should check out
funny in drag
funny , sometimes inspiring ,
funny ( enough ) or exciting ( enough )
funny ( enough ) or
funny as aggressively sitcom-cute
that extols the virtues of comradeship and community in a spunky , spirited fashion .
that extols the virtues of comradeship and community in a spunky , spirited fashion
that explores the fascinating connections between women , water , nature , and sexuality
that every frame produces new joys , whether you 're a fan of the books or not
that every frame produces new joys
that even the most cynical curmudgeon with find himself or herself smiling at one time or another
that essential feature -- a decent full-on space battle
is that her confidence in her material is merited .
is terrific as Rachel ; her petite frame and vulnerable persona emphasising her plight and isolation
is terrific as Rachel ; her petite frame and vulnerable persona emphasising her plight and isolation .
is that I truly enjoyed most of Mostly Martha while I ne
is that Secret Ballot is a comedy , both gentle and biting
is that Secret Ballot is a comedy , both gentle and biting .
is that even the most unlikely can link together to conquer all kinds of obstacles , whether they be of nature , of man or of one another
of fantastic sets , extras , costumes and spectacular locales
the smarter
the smarter , savvier spoofs to come along in some time
the sort of delicate , articulate character
the sort of delicate , articulate character - and - relationship study he 's favored for decades
conveys the heaving passion of Puccini 's famous love-jealousy - murder-suicide fandango with great cinematic innovation .
cool , slick stuff , ready to quench the thirst of an audience that misses the summer blockbusters
cool , slick stuff
Unlike most surf movies , Blue Crush thrillingly uses modern technology to take the viewer inside the wave .
A Walk to Remember a niche hit
The movie is gorgeously made ,
The movie is gorgeously made , but
understand her
be the most memorable cinema session but its profound self-evaluation message about our fragile existence and the absence of spiritual guidance should at least invade an abundance of mindsets
understands the power of the implicit and the virtues of simplicity and economy
demonstrates that Werner Herzog can still leave us with a sense of wonder at the diverse , marvelously twisted shapes history has taken .
demonstrates that Werner Herzog can still leave us with a sense of wonder at the diverse , marvelously twisted shapes history has taken
be sweet and wickedly satisfying at the same time
demonstrates a breadth of vision and an attention to detail that propels her into the upper echelons of the directing world .
demonstrates a breadth of vision and an attention to detail that propels her into the upper echelons of the directing world
demonstrate their acting ` chops '
much , much better
moving documentary
moving moments and an intelligent subtlety
moving portrait
moving portrait of an American ( and an America ) always reaching for something just outside his grasp
moving story
moving tragedy
taken it a step further , richer and deeper
take you places you have n't been , and also places you have
, heartfelt family drama .
, heart-stopping recipe
takes a classic story , casts attractive and talented actors and uses a magnificent landscape to create a feature film that is wickedly fun to watch .
takes a hat-in-hand approach
pays off
paying homage to art
pauses
scoring points with drag gags
scoring points
, great fun
at the hands of the unseen forces of fate
be enjoyed , even on the level that one enjoys a bad slasher
promising material
promising material for a black comedy
film flat lines
long and eventful spiritual journey
long and eventful
long , intricate , star-studded and
film festival
undeniably interesting
the subtle direction of first-timer Hilary Birmingham
's a rollicking adventure for you and all your mateys , regardless of their ages .
's a scorcher
's a pretty woman
's a rock-solid little genre picture
's a riot to see Rob Schneider in a young woman 's clothes
has freaky scenes where the crew wonder if they 're ghosts imagining themselves as alive . It 's a sly wink to The Others without becoming a postmodern joke
has just the right amount of charisma and menace
has just enough of everything -- re-enactments , archival footage , talking-head interviews --
in entertaining
has just the right amount of charisma and menace .
has taken his trademark style and refined it to a crystalline point
has succeeded by focusing intently on his characters , making them quirky individuals rather than figures of fun .
to be cherished
a sweet and sexy film
live up to material
worked for me
praise first
some strong supporting players
Bartleby is a fine , understated piece of filmmaking .
distinct and very welcome sense
Baran is a gentle film with dramatic punch , a haunting ode to humanity .
comes together
to the heart of the movie
loved this film
loved in 1994 , except that it looks even better
loved in 1994
loved every minute of this film .
loved every minute of this film
loved Cool
love this movie
love sweetly
love story and sci-fi mystery
Effective but
Elling , portrayed with quiet fastidiousness by Per Christian Ellefsen
Elling ,
Elling really is about a couple of crazy guys , and
Emerges as something rare ,
Elling really is about a couple of crazy guys , and it 's therapeutic to laugh along with them
Engrossing and
Emerges as something rare , an issue movie that 's so honest and keenly observed that it does n't feel like one
the fantastic
the fantastic and
the fascination embedded in the lurid topic
entirely irony-free zone
entirely memorable
entirely charming
entirely irony-free
entrapment
entrapment in the maze of modern life
A poignant and gently humorous
funny fanatics
funny film
funny bone
funny documentary
funny and well-contructed black comedy
funny as you 'd hoped .
funny and touching film
funny and well-contructed
the fierce grandeur
funny in its observation of just how much more grueling and time-consuming the illusion of work is than actual work
funny in the middle
the fierce grandeur of its sweeping battle scenes
's intense and thrilling
a quite pleasing , headlong thrust and a likably delinquent attitude
rousing , invigorating fun lacking any MTV puffery
this '60s caper film is a riveting , brisk delight .
Y Tu Mamá También is hilariously , gloriously alive , and quite often hotter than Georgia asphalt .
an exceedingly clever piece of cinema . another great ` what you do n't see ' is much more terrifying than what you do see thriller , coupled with some arresting effects , incandescent tones and stupendous performances
an exceedingly clever piece of cinema . another great ` what you do n't see ' is much more terrifying than what you do
an exceedingly clever piece
an example of sophisticated , challenging filmmaking that stands , despite its noticeable lack of emotional heft , in welcome contrast to the indulgent dead-end experimentation of the director 's previous Full Frontal
an eventful summer
What sets this romantic comedy apart from most Hollywood romantic comedies is its low-key way of tackling what seems like done-to-death material .
Twohy 's a good yarn-spinner
Twohy 's a good yarn-spinner ,
Twenty-three movies into a mostly magnificent directorial career
Twenty-three movies into a mostly magnificent directorial career ,
Twohy 's a good yarn-spinner , and ultimately the story compels
celebrates the hardy spirit of Cuban music
Writer \/ director M. Night Shyamalan 's ability to pull together easily accessible stories that resonate with profundity is undeniable .
cheered
the manner in which it addresses current terrorism anxieties and sidesteps them at the same time
the man and
uses the last act to reel in the audience since its poignancy hooks us completely
uses the last act to reel in the audience
a single good film
real characters and compelling plots
real characters
real heroism and abject suffering
equally lovely
equally great Robin Williams performance
equally lovely but also relentlessly brutal and brutally intelligent
equally great
at that clever angle ! Wow
as the direction is intelligently accomplished
as the credits roll is your stomach grumbling for some tasty grub
as sharp or as fresh
to mesmerize you
Parker and co-writer Catherine di Napoli are faithful to Melville 's plotline , they
Parker and co-writer Catherine di Napoli are faithful to Melville 's plotline , they and a fully engaged supporting cast
Parker and co-writer Catherine di Napoli are faithful to Melville 's plotline , they and a fully engaged supporting cast ... have made the old boy 's characters more quick-witted than any English Lit
sell it
an action icon
does a convincing impersonation here of a director enjoying himself immensely
does a fine job contrasting the sleekness of the film 's present with the playful paranoia of the film 's past
, the movie possesses its own languorous charm .
And that 's a big part of why we go to the movies .
And thanks to Kline 's superbly nuanced performance , that pondering is highly pleasurable .
And that makes all the difference .
And the positive change in tone here seems to have recharged him .
a genuinely spooky premise and
a genuinely spooky premise and an above-average cast , actor Bill Paxton 's directing debut
we 've come to expect , including the assumption that '' crazy '' people are innocent , childlike and inherently funny
we 've marveled at Disney 's rendering of water , snow , flames and shadows in a hand-drawn animated world . Prepare to marvel again .
be commended for taking a fresh approach to familiar material
at once surreal and disturbingly familiar
has more than enough charm to make it memorable .
at long last gives its subject a movie worthy of his talents
at once exhilarating , silly , perverse , hopeful and always fun
at once flaky and resonant , lightweight and bizarrely original
quickly .
the giggles
being a realized work
behind the project
behind cutesy film references
especially tough
espectacular
espectacular y muy entretenida
essential feature
essential feature -- a decent full-on space battle
of the best rock
when they see the joy the characters take in this creed
has a great cast and a great idea
as morning-glory exuberant
the glorious chicanery and self-delusion of this most American of businesses
as moving , uplifting and funny as ever
Fun and nimble .
Fun and nimble
cute ideas
cutesy-pie
typically observant , carefully nuanced and
that turns out to be clever , amusing and unpredictable
produce adequate performances
at its best it is a young artist 's thoughtful consideration of fatherhood
at its best moments
at least a minimal appreciation
at leading lives of sexy intrigue
at least he provides a strong itch to explore more
sense-spinning
both innocent and jaded
both hugely entertaining and uplifting
love this film
pretty cute
love about this English trifle
Dylan Thomas alive to witness first-time director
Mr. Earnhart 's quizzical , charming movie allows us to see them , finally , as artists
an admittedly middling film
an actress whose face projects that woman 's doubts and yearnings
you 'll cheer . Otherwise , maybe .
you 'll like Promises .
you 'll like it .
you 'll feel too happy to argue much
you 'll laugh
you 'll love this movie
you 'll love this movie .
a dream
a dream image
real movies
real appeal
real people living their lives
real talent
realistic about all kinds of love
realistic interaction between the characters
realistic interaction
it was at least funny
it was an honest effort
intimacy and precision
intimate , unguarded moments
intimate contemplation
pulling the plug on the conspirators and averting an American-Russian Armageddon
is that wind-in-the-hair exhilarating
is that rare creature -- an action hero with table manners , and one who proves that elegance is more than tattoo deep .
is that rare creature -- an action hero with table manners , and one who proves that elegance is more than tattoo deep
the thrill of the company 's astonishing growth
some clever scripting solutions
some creepy scenes that evoke childish night terrors , and a praiseworthy attempt to generate suspense rather than gross out the audience
worthwhile addition
the thrill of the chill
one moment in the film that surprises or delights
not just the full assault of Reno 's immense wit and insight
done right
done with a lot of careful period attention as well as some very welcome wit
their perceptiveness about their own situations
the worthy EMI recording that serves as the soundtrack
featherweight romantic comedy has a few nice twists in a standard plot and the charisma of hugh grant and sandra bullock .
featherweight romantic comedy has a few nice twists in a standard plot and the charisma of hugh grant and sandra bullock
featherweight romantic comedy
most magical and most
most intense psychological mysteries
most intense
most magical
most inventive directors
most humane and important
most humane and important Holocaust movies ever made .
than the real thing
their own rhythm
incapable of being boring
with passion
with pitch-perfect acting
with plenty of entertainment value
with purpose and finesse
a nomination for a best-foreign-film Oscar : Make a movie about whimsical folk who learn a nonchallenging , life-affirming lesson while walking around a foreign city with stunning architecture
creamy depth , and ultimate theme
the acting is fresh and unselfconscious , and
the acting is fresh and unselfconscious , and Munch is a marvel of reality versus sappy sentiment
the year 's best
the year 's best and most unpredictable
the year 's best and most
the year 's best and most unpredictable comedy
that the central performers are experienced actors ,
that the central performers are experienced actors , and
the acting is fresh and unselfconscious ,
loved the 1989 Paradiso will prefer this new version
loved the look of this film
Captures the raw comic energy of one of our most flamboyant female comics .
for a few laughs , as are Chan and Hewitt
love to have their kids
When you 're a Jet
Gorgeous scenes , masterful performances ,
Gorgeous scenes , masterful performances , but the sickly sweet gender normative narrative
Gorgeous scenes ,
With Danilo Donati 's witty designs and Dante Spinotti 's luscious cinematography
Enduring
Mr. Tsai is a very original artist in his medium
Mr. Tsai is a very original artist in his medium ,
a story that is unlike any
Mr. Tsai is a very original artist in his medium , and
a strong case for the importance of the musicians
a strong case for the importance of the musicians in creating the Motown sound
a startling film that gives you a fascinating , albeit depressing view of Iranian rural life close to the Iraqi border
Mr. Tsai is a very original artist in his medium , and What Time Is It There
Boomers and their kids will have a Barrie good time .
incidents
brave attempt to tap into the heartbeat of the world , a salute to the universal language of rhythm and a zippy sampling of sounds
breakthrough
Greene delivers a typically solid performance in a role that is a bit of a departure from the noble characters he has played in the past ,
Greene delivers a typically solid performance in a role that is a bit of a departure from the noble characters he has played in the past , and
Good movie . Good actress
Funny and , at times ,
Good movie .
Goyer 's screenplay and direction are thankfully understated , and
Got Her Groove
Goyer 's screenplay and direction are thankfully understated ,
The origin story is well told
The origin story is well told ,
The origin story is well told , and
carries it far above
the border collie is funny
the bombastic self-glorification of other feel-good fiascos like Antwone Fisher or The Emperor 's Club any time
the breathtaking landscapes and villainous
, first-class , natural acting and a look at `` the real Americans '' make this a charmer .
, evocative
acted crowd-pleaser that is n't above a little broad comedy and a few unabashedly sentimental tears .
acting range that may surprise some who thought light-hearted comedy was his forte
action thriller hybrid
the Mediterranean sparkles
One of the most haunting , viciously honest coming-of-age films in recent memory .
One of the most significant moviegoing pleasures of the year .
One of creepiest , scariest movies to come along in a long , long time , easily rivaling Blair Witch or The Others .
One of the best examples of how to treat a subject , you 're not fully aware is being examined , much like a photo of yourself you did n't know
One of the best examples of how to treat a subject , you 're not fully aware is being examined , much like a photo of yourself you did n't know was being taken .
One of the best films of the year with its exploration of the obstacles to happiness
One of the best films of the year with its exploration of the obstacles to happiness faced by five contemporary individuals ... a psychological masterpiece .
One of the best of the year
mannerisms and self-indulgence
has a lot of fun with the material
has a lot of fun with the material .
happiness to their loved ones
happy throwback
hard not to be seduced by ( Witherspoon 's ) charisma , even in this run-of-the-mill vehicle , because this girl knows how to drive it to the max
hard to resist
has a history of releasing cinematic flotsam
enough to keep you interested without coming close to bowling you over .
certainly appeal to Asian cult cinema fans and Asiaphiles interested to see what all the fuss is about .
certainly an entertaining ride , despite many talky , slow scenes . But something seems to be missing . A sense of real magic ,
certain style and wit
`` Spider-Man '' certainly delivers the goods
has to be seen to be believed
has the courage to wonder about big questions with sincerity and devotion
has the charm of the original American road movies , feasting on the gorgeous , ramshackle landscape of the filmmaker 's motherland .
has two winning lead performances and charm to spare .
has two winning lead performances and charm to spare
passion , creativity , and fearlessness
its Hawaiian setting , the science-fiction trimmings and some moments of rowdy slapstick
its Oscar-sweeping franchise predecessor
its Hawaiian setting , the science-fiction trimmings and
rally to its cause ,
most fascinating stories
the seeds of the imagination to germinate
still seems timely and important
suddenly pulls the rug out from under you
, food-for-thought cinema
, for its eccentric , accident-prone characters , and for the crazy things that keep people going in this crazy life
, fiery passion
, first-time director Denzel Washington and a top-notch cast manage to keep things interesting .
, for those with at least a minimal appreciation of Woolf and Clarissa Dalloway , The Hours represents two of those well spent
still manages to string together enough charming moments to work .
extended , open-ended poem
exquisite balance
exquisitely performed
extra effort to see an artist , still committed to growth in his ninth decade , change while remaining true to his principles
straightforward
a lyrical and celebratory vision
potentially forgettable formula into something strangely diverting
Its direction , its script , and Weaver 's performance as a vaguely discontented woman of substance make for a mildly entertaining 77 minutes , if that 's what you 're in the mood for .
an Oscar-worthy performance
way to bend current technique to the service of a vision of the past that is faithful to both architectural glories and commanding open spaces of the city as it was more than two centuries ago
deep emotional motivation
watch because Sandler , liberated from the constraints of formula , reveals unexpected depths as an actor
as does its sensitive handling of some delicate subject matter
as director of the escort service was inspired
Not completely loveable -- but what underdog movie since The Bad News Bears has been ? -- but certainly hard to hate .
Not an objectionable or dull film
Not an objectionable or dull film ;
said the film was better than Saving Private Ryan .
A must see for all sides of the political spectrum
A must for fans of British cinema , if only because so many titans of the industry are along for the ride .
A much more successful translation than its most famous previous film adaptation , writer-director Anthony Friedman 's similarly updated 1970 British production .
A much more successful translation than its most famous previous film adaptation
A muddle splashed with bloody beauty as vivid as any Scorsese has ever given us .
a film so unabashedly hopeful that it actually makes the heart soar . Yes , soar
a film in which the talent is undeniable
a film so solidly connect with one demographic while striking out with another
a film of near-hypnotic physical beauty
quirky , slightly strange French films
quietly vulnerable
quirky , fun , popcorn movies with a touch of silliness and a little bloodshed
quirky , original
Generates an enormous feeling of empathy for its characters
Generates
Generates an enormous feeling of empathy for its characters .
Gay or straight , Kissing Jessica Stein is one of the greatest date movies in years .
It has the charm of the original American road movies , feasting on the gorgeous , ramshackle landscape of the filmmaker 's motherland .
of dead brilliant
of dark humor , gorgeous exterior photography , and a stable-full of solid performances
of director John Stockwell
It has fun being grown up .
unconventionally wacky
, it finds a nice rhythm .
with some fancy special effects
wild-and-woolly
wild-and-woolly , wall-to-wall good time
J . K . Rowling 's books
wild , endearing , masterful
wild , endearing , masterful documentary
wild comedy
wild ride
, it has a genuine dramatic impact
has a pleasing way with a metaphor
uncovers a story powerful enough to leave the screen sizzling with intrigue
make them laugh
decent instead of dead brilliant
make the most out of the intriguing premise
make this silly con job sing
you value your time and money
Just like Hearst 's enormous yacht
that few movies have ever approached
that fly at such a furiously funny pace that the only rip off that we were aware of
see it as soon as possible
see it for the passion
Amid the new populist comedies that underscore the importance of family tradition and familial community
see familiar issues , like racism and homophobia , in a fresh way
Amid the new populist comedies that underscore the importance of family tradition and familial community , one would be hard-pressed to find a movie with a bigger , fatter heart than Barbershop .
at once both refreshingly different
casting excellent Latin actors of all ages
well-mounted history lesson
quality twist
kids will probably eat the whole thing up
It might be ` easier ' to watch on video at home , but that should n't stop die-hard French film connoisseurs from going out and enjoying the big-screen experience .
It is a kickass , dense sci-fi action thriller hybrid that delivers and then some . I have n't seen one in so long , no wonder I did n't recognize it at first .
quietly reflective and melancholy
quietly reflective and melancholy New Zealand film
casting excellent Latin actors of all ages --
Armenian-Canadian
a little bit of romance and a dose
at once visceral and spiritual
at once visceral and spiritual ,
surprising discovery
surprising highs
sometimes funny
sometimes exceptional film
sometimes descends into sub-Tarantino cuteness
to remain true to the original text
to rescue me from a summer of teen-driven , toilet-humor codswallop
to restore ( Harmon ) to prominence , despite some creepy scenes that evoke childish night terrors , and a praiseworthy attempt to generate suspense rather than gross out the audience .
to restore ( Harmon ) to prominence , despite some creepy scenes that evoke childish night terrors , and a praiseworthy attempt to generate suspense rather than gross out the audience
is to imply terror by suggestion , rather than the overuse of special effects
layered richness
Shakespeare 's eloquent language
Shakespeare 's Macbeth
Shafer to navigate spaces both large ... and small ... with considerable aplomb
( p ) artnering murphy with robert de niro for the tv-cops comedy showtime would seem to be surefire casting .
to entertain or inspire its viewers
a crack ensemble
a courtroom trial great fun
a continuing and deeply satisfying awareness of the best movies as monumental ` picture shows
a caffeinated , sloppy brilliance ,
Uncle Ralph
Uncle Ralph .
often surprising twists and
often surprising twists
often surprising twists and an intermingling of naiveté and sophistication
, warmth and vitality
Skin Of Man gets a few cheap shocks from its kids-in-peril theatrics , but it also taps into the primal fears of young people trying to cope with the mysterious and brutal nature of adults .
Skin Of Man gets a few cheap shocks from its kids-in-peril theatrics , but it also taps into the primal fears of young people trying to cope with the mysterious and brutal nature of adults
's witty and inventive ,
's willing to express his convictions
's witty and inventive
Its scenes and sensibility are all more than familiar , but it exudes a kind of nostalgic spy-movie charm and , at the same time , is so fresh and free of the usual thriller nonsense that it all seems to be happening for the first time .
Italian superstar
, though still positive ,
Jacquot 's Tosca is a treat .
Despite its flaws ... Belinsky is still able to create an engaging story that keeps you guessing at almost every turn .
Despite a quieter middle section , involving Aragorn 's dreams of Arwen , this is even better than The Fellowship . There are scenes of cinematic perfection that steal your heart away .
Despite its flaws , Crazy as Hell marks an encouraging new direction for La Salle .
Despite its lavish formalism and intellectual austerity , the film manages to keep you at the edge of your seat with its shape-shifting perils , political intrigue and brushes with calamity .
Despite its floating narrative , this is a remarkably accessible and haunting film .
Despite its old-hat set-up and predictable plot , Empire still has enough moments to keep it entertaining .
Compulsively watchable , no matter how degraded things get .
Compared to his series of spectacular belly flops both on and off the screen , RunTelDat is something of a triumph .
Compulsively watchable
a film you will never forget
the full emotional
a caffeinated , sloppy brilliance
from fighting games , wire fu , horror movies , mystery , James Bond , wrestling , sci-fi and anime into one big bloody stew
from grace that still leaves shockwaves
from each film
open-endedness and
visually
visually seductive
through than in most ` right-thinking ' films
through sincerity
through love
an amicable
an amicable endeavor
an ebullient
an ebullient affection
more polished
the power of their surroundings
with major pleasures from Portuguese master Manoel de Oliviera
talent and wit
a nomination for a best-foreign-film Oscar
talent and wit to elevate it beyond its formula to the level of classic romantic comedy to which it aspires
sing the lyrics to '' Tonight
sincere acting
a romantic comedy with outrageous tendencies
singing and finger
taking place
gives his best movie
tale whose thought-provoking potential
give you
give his blessing
get the impression that writer and director Burr Steers knows the territory
you have an interest in the characters you see
does succeed by following a feel-good formula with a winning style , and by offering its target audience of urban kids some welcome role models and optimism
does somehow manage to get you under its spell .
a key strength in its willingness to explore its principal characters with honesty , insight and humor
than its fair share of saucy
does succeed by following a feel-good formula with a winning style , and by offering its target audience of urban kids some welcome role models and optimism .
a nomination for a best-foreign-film Oscar :
this film has an ` A ' list cast and some strong supporting players
a knack for casting , often resurrecting performers who rarely work in movies now ... and drawing flavorful performances from bland actors
sports extravaganza
of a mystery
with wry humor and genuine pathos
Thrilling , provocative and darkly funny , this timely sci-fi mystery works on so many different levels that it not only invites
Thrilling , provocative and darkly funny , this timely sci-fi mystery works on so many different levels that it not only invites , it demands repeated viewings .
Thrilling , provocative
Thrilling , provocative and darkly funny
Throwing caution to the wind with an invitation to the hedonist in us all , Nair has constructed this motion picture in such a way that even the most cynical curmudgeon with find himself or herself smiling at one time or another .
Thurman
Throwing caution to the wind with an invitation to the hedonist in us all
Thurman and Lewis are hilarious throughout .
nothing satisfies like old-fashioned swashbuckling .
nothing satisfies like old-fashioned swashbuckling . And in this regard , On Guard delivers .
novelist Byatt
, big-hearted and frequently
, at least he provides a strong itch to explore more .
ends or just ca n't tear himself away from the characters
ends up delivering in good measure
things that elevate `` Glory '' above most of its ilk , most notably
resonant chord
While Broomfield 's film does n't capture the effect of these tragic deaths on hip-hop culture , it succeeds as a powerful look at a failure of our justice system .
resonant film since The Killer
reasonably entertaining
really special walk
really rather special
really is a shame that more wo n't get an opportunity to embrace small , sweet ` Evelyn
reality and disillusionment
Oscar-winning potential with a smooth sleight of hand
Oscar winner
Oscar time
Oscar-winning potential
Oscar-winning
Orange County '' is a refreshing change
Oscar nominated films
Oscar
refined
recommend to anyone looking for something different
reflecting
refined it to a crystalline point
reflective and reasonable
quite satisfying
some touching things to say about what is important in life and why
whatever its flaws , fulfills one facet of its mission in making me want to find out whether , in this case , that 's true
Deliberately and skillfully uses
Deliberately and skillfully uses ambiguity to suggest possibilities which imbue the theme with added depth and resonance .
Deliberately and skillfully
Deflated ending aside , there 's much to recommend the film .
Definitely worth 95 minutes of your time
Definitely worth 95 minutes of your time .
that at its best
that at its best does n't just make the most out of its characters ' flaws but insists on the virtue of imperfection .
that are insightful enough to be fondly remembered in the endlessly challenging maze of moviegoing
that and it 's what makes their project so interesting
that are all understated and touching
8 Crazy Nights comes close to hitting a comedic or satirical target
quite pleasing , headlong thrust
quite pleasing
Hugely accomplished
However stale the material , Lawrence 's delivery remains perfect ;
However stale the material , Lawrence 's delivery remains perfect ; his great gift is that he can actually trick you into thinking some of this worn-out , pandering palaver is actually funny
its dying , in this shower of black-and-white psychedelia , is quite beautiful
its director could ever have dreamed
for two movies
its elegantly colorful look and
Bo Derek
Ranks among Willams ' best screen work .
Bluto Blutarsky , we miss you .
Blue Crush , a late-summer surfer girl entry , should be as entertaining as it is
Director Carl Franklin , so crisp and economical in One False Move , bogs down in genre cliches here .
Director Lee has a true cinematic knack
Director Lee has a true cinematic knack ,
Director Chris Wedge and screenwriters Michael Berg , Michael J . Wilson and Peter Ackerman create some episodes that rival vintage Looney Tunes for the most creative mayhem in a brief amount of time .
some unbelievably hilarious moments
ability to startle
uproarious humor
momento inspirado
uproarious humor with an underlying seriousness that sneaks up on the viewer , providing an experience that is richer than anticipated
observant .
at times exhilarating movie
at first , quiet cadences of pure finesse
at accelerated speed and volume
that it 's also one of the smartest
observant , unfussily poetic meditation
makes it seem
makes it seem fresh again .
makes it worth the trip to the theatre
Gentlemen
seem heroic deserves a look
seem heroic deserves a look .
seem fresh
seem fresh again
Malcolm D. Lee
it brings to the fore for the gifted but no-nonsense human beings they are and for the still-inestimable contribution they have made to our shared history
it an above-average thriller
it attractive throughout
it belongs on the big screen
especially well-executed television movie
especially well-executed
A charming , banter-filled comedy ...
A charming , banter-filled comedy ... one of those airy cinematic bon bons whose aims -- and by extension , accomplishments -- seem deceptively slight on the surface
A captivating and intimate study about dying and loving ...
A chance to see three splendid actors
A captivating and intimate study
A captivating and intimate study about dying and loving
wonderous
Enchanted
nice , light treat
newcomer Ellen Pompeo pulls off the feat with aplomb
is frequently amusing
, and just outright enjoyable
, and its capacity to heal using creative , natural and ancient antidotes
, and lots of fun
equal parts of innocence and wisdom --
, and its ample charms should win over the most hard-hearted cynics .
entertainment .
enthusiastic charm
`` superior ''
entertaining , but forgettable
entertaining two hours
combining heated sexuality with a haunting sense of malaise
combines two surefire , beloved genres
come along that turns me into that annoying specimen of humanity that I usually dread encountering the most - The Fanboy
the feral intensity
most magical and most fun family fare
were n't as beautifully shaped and as delicately calibrated in tone as it is
most oddly honest Hollywood document
i walked away from this new version of e . t . just as i hoped i would -- with moist eyes
i walked away from this new version of e . t . just as i hoped i would -- with moist eyes .
gives voice to a story that needs to be heard in the sea of Holocaust movies
gives the lie to many clichés and showcases a group of dedicated artists
gives this aging series a much needed kick , making `` Die Another Day '' one of the most entertaining Bonds in years
you can enjoy much of Jonah simply , and gratefully , as laugh-out-loud lunacy with a pronounced Monty Pythonesque flavor .
to treat its characters , weak and strong , as fallible human beings , not caricatures , and
Initially gripping
Initially gripping , eventually cloying POW drama .
you ca n't help but feel ` stoked . '
An energetic , violent movie
An absorbing
Amy 's O 's honesty
Amy 's O 's honesty will win you over .
An absorbing , slice-of-depression life that touches nerves and rings true .
An absorbing trip
understands the medium
can make undemanding action movies with all the alacrity of their Hollywood counterparts
its elegantly colorful look
to escape the shackles of its own clichés to be the best espionage picture to come out in weeks
her tough , funny , rather chaotic show is n't subversive so much as it is nit-picky about the hypocrisies of our time .
her tough , funny , rather chaotic show
her third feature will be something to behold
critically insightful
Presents an astute appraisal of Middle American musical torpor and the desperate struggle to escape it
crisp , unaffected style
with its exquisite acting , inventive screenplay , mesmerizing music , and many inimitable scenes
Harris is affecting at times
Just the labour involved in creating the layered richness of the imagery in this chiaroscuro of madness and light is astonishing .
with its excellent use of New York locales and sharp writing
for the better
guilt-free trip
for the art-house crowd
guessing plot and an affectionate
guessing plot and an affectionate take on its screwed-up characters
guessing plot and
John Carlen 's script
hardy group
by talented writer\/director Anderson
that it 's almost worth seeing , if only to witness the crazy confluence of purpose and taste
far more appealing
fan
family
fans
far less crass
funny , ultimately heartbreaking
funny , touching , dramatically forceful , and beautifully shot
funny , insightfully human
funny , harmless and as substantial as a tub of popcorn
funny , moving yarn
funny , moving
funny , puzzling movie
funny , sexy , and rousing
funny , rather chaotic
that The Road to Perdition leads to a satisfying destination
A certain sexiness
dark humor , gorgeous exterior photography , and
A canny , derivative , wildly gruesome portrait of a London
A canny , derivative , wildly gruesome portrait
A burst of color , music , and dance that only the most practiced curmudgeon could fail to crack a smile at .
A cautionary tale about the grandiosity of a college student who sees himself as impervious to a fall
an attachment
life affirming and heartbreaking
or exhilarate you
Soderbergh 's best films , '' Erin Brockovich , ''
Soderbergh 's spectacular swing
orchestrates the transformation of the chilly , neurotic , and self-absorbed Martha as her heart begins to open
life affirming and heartbreaking , sweet without the decay factor ,
is about as true to the spirit of the Festival of Lights
delightful hand shadows
delighted simply to spend more time with familiar cartoon characters
to The Rising Place that would set it apart from other Deep South stories
is above Academy standards
to The Road Warrior
considerably more scenery
to really care
moves fast enough
moves beyond the original 's nostalgia for the communal film experiences of yesteryear to a deeper realization of cinema 's inability to stand in for true , lived experience .
a lot more fun
to a Sunshine State
like movies that demand four hankies
looks wonderful
A bold and subversive film that cuts across the grain of what
A bold and subversive film that cuts across the grain of what is popular and powerful in this high-tech age , speaking its truths with spellbinding imagery and the entrancing music of Philip Glass .
A bowel-curdling , heart-stopping recipe for terror .
a real winner , creativity at its peak
complex characters -- sometimes tender ,
complex characters
complex and quirky , but entirely believable
complex and quirky , but
complex and quirky ,
complex and quirky
If cinema had been around to capture the chaos of France in the 1790 's , one imagines the result would look like something like this .
If the film fails to fulfill its own ambitious goals , it nonetheless sustains interest during the long build-up of expository material .
lovely performances by Buy and Accorsi
loves horses
loving family
loving little film
loved about it in 1982
loved ones
lovely film
lovely performances
a more sheerly beautiful film
a more rigid , Blair Witch-style commitment to its mockumentary format , or a more straightforward , dramatic treatment , with all the grandiosity
of considerable appeal .
of considerable appeal
of consciousness that is tortured and unsettling -- but unquestionably alive
of comradeship and community
an era of theatrical comedy that , while past ,
of comedy and romance
an epic , but also a tragedy , the record of a tenacious , humane fighter who was also the prisoner ( and ultimately the victim ) of history
an epic , but also
of considerable power
of considerable force and truth
fallen under the sweet , melancholy spell of this unique director 's previous films
prefer to keep on watching
preferable
study that made up for its rather slow beginning by drawing me into the picture .
study that made up for its rather slow beginning by drawing me into the picture
stuff to stand tall with Pryor , Carlin and Murphy
stunning new young talent
stunning film
explores the conflict between following one 's heart and following the demands of tradition .
explores all three sides of his story with a sensitivity and an inquisitiveness reminiscent of Truffaut .
explores the conflict between following one 's heart and following the demands of tradition
explores all three sides of his story with a sensitivity and an inquisitiveness reminiscent of Truffaut
, Villeneuve creates in Maelstrom a world where the bizarre is credible and the real turns magical .
, Two Towers outdoes its spectacle .
, The Lady and the Duke represents the filmmaker 's lifelong concern with formalist experimentation in cinematic art .
, The Hours represents two of those well spent
, The Hours does n't connect in a neat way , but introduces characters who illuminate mysteries of sex , duty and love .
, The Guys is a somber trip worth taking .
, Time Out offers an exploration that is more accurate than anything I have seen in an American film .
, Thirteen Conversations About One Thing is a small gem .
Has the capability of effecting change and inspiring hope .
eminently engrossing film
emotional , Rocky-like
Hashiguchi covers this territory with wit and originality , suggesting that with his fourth feature -- the first to be released in the U . S . -- a major director is emerging in world cinema
Hashiguchi covers this territory with wit and originality , suggesting that with his fourth feature -- the first to be released in the U . S . -- a major director is emerging in world cinema .
Hashiguchi uses the situation to evoke a Japan bustling atop an undercurrent of loneliness and isolation .
Hashiguchi vividly captures the way young Japanese live now , chafing against their culture 's manic mix of millennial brusqueness and undying , traditional politesse .
emerges with yet another remarkable yet shockingly little-known perspective .
emerging in world cinema
emerges as the very best of them
emerges with yet another remarkable yet shockingly little-known perspective
that it 's actually watchable
some welcome role models and
Baby-faced Renner is eerily convincing as this bland blank of a man with unimaginable demons within .
Bacon
Bad Love
a `` true story ''
surprised at how much we care about the story
I enjoyed Time of Favor while I was watching it
I admired this work a lot .
I loved it ! Gollum 's ` performance ' is incredible !
IMAX was made for : Strap on a pair of 3-D goggles , shut out the real world , and take a vicarious voyage to the last frontier -- space
the kind of intimate and character-driven film that Bille August does best
surprising , subtle turn
is entertaining .
is entertaining
is even better than The Fellowship
speaks volumes
the kind of pigeonhole-resisting romp that Hollywood too rarely provides
the charm of the original American road movies , feasting on the gorgeous , ramshackle landscape of the filmmaker 's motherland
delivers a performance of striking skill and depth
delivers a solid mixture of sweetness
deliver
deliver the delicious guilty pleasure of the better film versions
delivered an undoubted stylistic tour-de-force
delivers a lean and engaging work
delivers a lean and engaging work .
delivers a loosely autobiographical story brushed with sentimentality but brimming with gentle humor , bittersweet pathos , and lyric moments that linger like snapshots of memory .
interesting work
who 's in virtually every scene ,
who 's in virtually every scene
while the little ones get a fuzzy treat
while providing a precious twinkle of insight into their lives .
life and love
life and beauty
life in the performances
Warm in its loving yet unforgivingly inconsistent depiction of everyday people , relaxed in its perfect quiet pace and proud in its message
Warm in its loving yet unforgivingly inconsistent depiction of everyday people , relaxed in its perfect quiet pace
despite all the backstage drama , this is a movie that tells stories that work -- is charming , is moving
despite all the backstage drama
despite its rough edges and a tendency to sag in certain places , is wry and engrossing .
despite the gratuitous cinematic distractions impressed upon it , is still good fun .
The director and her capable cast appear to be caught in a heady whirl of New Age-inspired good intentions ,
The director and her capable cast appear to be caught in a heady whirl of New Age-inspired good intentions
The director and her capable cast
to tap into the heartbeat of the world , a salute to the universal language of rhythm and a zippy sampling of sounds
she 's given the right lines
high hilarity
, still manages at least a decent attempt at meaningful cinema
, sophisticated film
While this film is not in the least surprising , it is still ultimately very satisfying . Think of it as a sort of comfort food for the mind .
Who knows what exactly Godard is on about in this film , but his words and images do n't have to add up to mesmerize you .
mysteries of sex , duty and love
wonderful on the big screen
at once exhilarating , silly , perverse , hopeful and
wonderful combination
given by the capable cast
that defies classification and is as thought-provoking as it
that derives from a workman 's grasp of pun and entendre and its attendant
for a touching love story
unearth the quaking essence of passion , grief and fear
is original
Howard and his co-stars all give committed performances , but
held together
heartwarming digitally animated feature film
heartbreaking honesty
but energetic entertainment
's like having an old friend for dinner '
but Kinnear 's performance is razor sharp .
but Minority Report delivers all that and a whole lot more .
but Seldahl and Wollter 's sterling performances
but Seldahl and Wollter 's sterling performances raise this far above the level of the usual maudlin disease movie .
but a polished , sophisticated entertainment that is in love with its own cleverness
but also surprisingly funny
but because it is so accessible that it makes complex politics understandable to viewers looking for nothing but energetic entertainment
Howard and his co-stars all give committed performances ,
harmlessly
has a few nice twists in a standard plot and the charisma of Hugh Grant and Sandra Bullock
has a few nice twists in a standard plot and the charisma of Hugh Grant and Sandra Bullock .
's a masterpiece
's a masterpiece .
character portrait , romantic comedy
Trouble Every Day is a success in some sense
fine production
lovingly
lovingly photographed in the manner of a golden book sprung to life
lovingly photographed
love him
love
lovers of the book
lovingly photographed in the manner of a golden book sprung to life , stuart little 2
lovingly photographed in the manner of a golden book sprung to life ,
is full of charm .
is fully formed and remarkably assured
is found in its ability to spoof both black and white stereotypes equally
is found in its ability to spoof both black and white stereotypes equally .
is full of charm
enervating determination
engage children
engage and even touch us
engage an audience
that should attract upscale audiences hungry for quality and a nostalgic , twisty yarn that will keep them guessing
that serves as a painful elegy and sobering cautionary tale
that satisfies , as comfort food often can
that satisfies
that sense of openness , the little surprises
that sends you out of the theater feeling
another character
whip-smart
Well-done
lyric moments
a comedy to start a reaction
The problems and characters it reveals are universal and involving , and the film itself -- as well its delightful cast -- is so breezy , pretty and gifted , it really won my heart
The problems and characters it reveals are universal and involving , and
The problems and characters it reveals are universal and involving
The problem with ANTWONE FISHER
more appealing holiday-season product
more appropriate
It 's predictable , but it jumps through the expected hoops with style and even some depth
created a film that one can honestly describe as looking , sounding and simply feeling like no other film in recent history
created a brilliant motion picture
created a breathtakingly assured and stylish work of spare dialogue and acute expressiveness
created a substantive movie out of several cliched movie structures : the road movie , the coming-of-age movie , and the teenage sex comedy .
clever angle ! Wow
created a substantive movie
created a wry , winning , if languidly paced , meditation on the meaning and value of family
in the tale to make it far more satisfying than almost any horror film in recent memory
thanks to Kline 's superbly nuanced performance , that pondering
has you study them
hate it . No , I love it ... hell
hate myself most mornings . I still like Moonlight Mile , better judgment be damned
everything 's in place but
eviction
it actually clicks
it actually makes the heart soar . Yes , soar
it ` perfection
it . No , I love it ... hell
it a passable family film that wo n't win many fans over the age of 12
it a step further , richer and deeper
you just have to love the big , dumb , happy movie My Big Fat Greek Wedding
you have to watch them because you ca n't wait to see what they do next .
you have to admit that somehow it hit you where you live
you guessing from first frame to last
a realized work
a reasonable degree
a reasonable degree of suspense
a reasonably good time
a reasonably good time with The Salton Sea
quirkiness , eccentricity
most remarkable not because of its epic scope , but because of the startling intimacy
most remarkable
most thoughtful fictional examination
most thoughtful
most sparkling
most wondrously
most vital work
A fiercely clever and subtle film , capturing the precarious balance between the extravagant confidence of the exiled aristocracy and the cruel earnestness of the victorious revolutionaries
A fiercely clever and subtle film , capturing the precarious balance between the extravagant confidence of the exiled aristocracy and the cruel earnestness of the victorious revolutionaries .
Reign of Fire is hardly the most original fantasy film ever made -- beyond Road Warrior , it owes enormous debts to Aliens and every previous dragon drama
A fascinating literary mystery story with multiple strands about the controversy of who really wrote Shakespeare 's plays .
A fiercely clever and subtle film ,
A fascinating case study of flower-power liberation -- and the price that was paid for it .
A fascinating documentary about the long and eventful spiritual journey of the guru who helped
A fascinating documentary about the long and eventful spiritual journey of the guru who helped launch the New Age .
A fascinating literary mystery story
Shot like a postcard
through 300 hundred years of Russian cultural identity and a stunning technical achievement
Morvern Callar as the characters are in it .
rather sweet
Kiarostami has crafted a deceptively casual ode to children and managed to convey a tiny sense of hope .
for a thrilling sci-fi cinematic ride
Kidman who holds the film together with a supremely kittenish performance that gradually accumulates more layers
Kids
, without sentimentalizing it or denying its brutality , transforms that reality into a lyrical and celebratory vision
for a shimmering picture postcard
done his best
appealing fresh faces
appealing lead performances
appears that ( Jackie ) Chan 's US influence is starting to show in his Hong Kong films
appears that ( Jackie ) Chan 's US influence is starting to show in his Hong Kong films .
applaud or look into having him committed
appreciate the film 's easygoing blend of comedy and romance
fantastic dual performance
fantastic premise anchors
fantasized about what an unhappy , repressed and twisted personal life their tormentor deserved . These people are really going to love The Piano Teacher
fantasized
big fans
she strikes a potent chemistry with Molina
she has the stuff to stand tall with Pryor , Carlin and Murphy
she gradually makes us believe she is Kahlo
she deftly spins the multiple stories in a vibrant and intoxicating fashion
quirky and fearless ability
she of the impossibly long limbs and sweetly conspiratorial smile
their mentally '' superior
In his U . S . debut , Mr . Schnitzler proves himself a deft pace master and stylist .
In between all the emotional seesawing , it 's hard to figure the depth of these two literary figures , and even the times in which they lived . But they fascinate in their recklessness .
In fact , it 's quite fun in places
In fact , even better
In addition to gluing you to the edge of your seat
In addition to gluing you to the edge of your seat , Changing Lanes is also a film of freshness , imagination and insight .
quirky and fearless
and provoke adventurous adults in specialty venues
and profound common sense
and pushes viewers to question their deepest notions of moral right and wrong
and pure
subtly rendered
like ` Praise the Lord
The film affords us intriguing glimpses of the insights gleaned from a lifetime of spiritual inquiry ,
such a wallop of you-are-there immediacy
such a warm and charming package that you 'll feel too happy to argue much
such a perfect medium
such a perfect medium for children
like ` Praise the Lord , He 's the God of Second Chances '
such a mesmerizing one
such a vibrant , colorful world
such a pleasure
such a sophisticated and unsentimental treatment on the big screen
Ms . Birot 's film apart from others in the genre is a greater attention to the parents -- and particularly the fateful fathers -- in the emotional evolution of the two bewitched adolescents
Ms . Griffiths
, revealing and richly entertaining
, revenge and above all , faith
Group articulates a flood of emotion .
Griffin & Co . manage to be spectacularly outrageous .
de su reparto o lo interesante que pudo haber resultado su premisa , pues el resultado es francamente aburrido y
impressive control , both visually and in the writing
impressive control
dazzle
daytime TV serviceability , but little more
walks with a slow , deliberate gait , chooses his words carefully and subdues his natural exuberance
concentrating on the elements of a revealing alienation among a culture of people who sadly are at hostile odds with one another through recklessness and retaliation
gripping thriller
it 's hilarious
it 's insanely violent and very graphic
unifying rhythm
`` big twists ''
is an icon of moviemaking , one of the best actors , directors and producers around , responsible for some excellent work
is an interesting character
is an intelligent flick that examines many different ideas from happiness to guilt in an intriguing bit of storytelling .
is an interesting movie ! ''
is an interesting movie !
is an interesting story of pointed personalities , courage , tragedy and the little guys vs. the big guys
insightful and beautifully rendered film . One of the best of the year
insightful and beautifully rendered film . One of the best of the year .
insightful and beautifully
insightful and beautifully rendered film
inspirational
inspirational in characterizing how people from such diverse cultures share the same human and spiritual needs
Tailored to entertain
Sure , it 's more of the same , but as the film proves , that 's not always a bad thing
Tautou remains captivating throughout Michele 's religious and romantic quests , and
Tautou remains captivating throughout Michele 's religious and romantic quests ,
Tautou remains captivating throughout Michele 's religious and romantic quests , and she is backed by a likable cast
That rara avis : the intelligent romantic comedy with actual ideas on its mind
make it an above-average thriller .
make it as much fun
make it as much fun as reading an oversized picture book before bedtime
make interesting
make it an above-average thriller
infatuated
make it look easy , even though the reality is anything but
infatuation
is ) a fascinating character , and
is ) a fascinating character ,
is rote work and predictable , but with a philosophical visual coming right at the end that extravagantly redeems it
is right at home in this French shocker playing his usual bad boy weirdo role
is right at home in this French shocker playing his usual bad boy weirdo role .
its own brilliance
its own cuteness
chronicle not only of one man 's quest to be president , but of how that man single-handedly turned a plane full of hard-bitten , cynical journalists into what was essentially , by campaign 's end , an extended publicity department .
chuckle
of a balanced film that explains the zeitgeist that is the X Games
of a calculus major at M . I . T .
of a brutally honest individual like Prophet Jack
cuddly
cruelly hilarious vein
cruelly hilarious
crowd-pleaser that is n't above a little broad comedy and a few unabashedly sentimental tears
Children of the Century ... takes Kurys ' career to a whole new level .
fleet turns of plot and a feast of visual amazement
flair .
flawless
over the end of cinema
in tact
in such a gloriously goofy way
in terms of its style , the movie is in a class by itself
best films ,
best efforts
best seller
best films , '' Erin Brockovich , ''
best films , ''
movies of the year
that graze the funny bone
outstanding
outstanding feature debut
outright enjoyable
, that gives us a rare glimpse into a culture most of us do n't know
grandiosa
smartly nuanced
be a total winner
be a passable date film
film : honest
it is nonetheless -- and likely inadvertently -- a timely and invaluable implicit reminder of the role that U . S .
it is enlightening to listen to new sides of a previous reality , and to visit with some of the people who were able to make an impact in the theater world
it is full of necessary discussion points
it is still ultimately very satisfying . Think of it as a sort of comfort food for the mind .
it is so accessible that it makes complex politics understandable to viewers looking for nothing but energetic entertainment
it is still ultimately very satisfying .
it makes complex politics understandable to viewers looking for nothing but energetic entertainment
it much better than your typical Bond knock-offs
attempt to generate suspense rather than gross out the audience
that the rich promise of the script will be realized on the screen
is n't nearly as downbeat as it sounds , but strikes a tone that 's alternately melancholic , hopeful and strangely funny
is n't nearly as downbeat as it sounds , but strikes a tone that 's alternately melancholic , hopeful and strangely funny .
finest chef
in this film , every shot enhances the excellent performances
in this gut-buster
in this literate French comedy , she 's as morning-glory exuberant as she was in Amélie
in this performance
makes the movie a spirited and touching occasion ,
-- and deeply appealing
-- and deeply appealing --
-- and especially Williams , an American actress who becomes fully English
makes it interesting as a character study is the fact that the story is told from Paul 's perspective
makes it all the more compelling .
makes it all the more compelling
makes the movie a spirited and touching occasion
makes most American love stories look downright unfree
makes me miss Hitchcock , but also
smart and satisfying
get up and dance
genuine pathos
those unassuming films that sneaks up on you and stays with you long after you have left the theatre
just two
it introduces you to new , fervently held ideas and fanciful thinkers
it irrigates our souls .
puts Wang at the forefront of China 's Sixth Generation of film makers .
smart , edgy
puts Wang at the forefront of China 's Sixth Generation of film makers
seeing things from new sides
smart script
to spark genuine chemistry with Townsend
bet .
betrayal , revenge and above all , faith
better film versions
better message
better than its predecessors is that Myers is no longer simply spoofing the mini-mod-madness of '60s spy movies
better-than-average family entertainment
good lines for everyone in this comedy
good pace
good half-hour
good lines
makes a nice album
good action ,
make love a joy to behold
make the film 's conclusion powerful and satisfying
sharp dialogue and delightful performance
even cute
even betters it
even as it points out how inseparable the two are
deftly explores the difficult relationship between a father and son
this deeply touching melodrama
defies categorisation . It haunts , horrifies , startles and fascinates ; it is impossible to look away . Ah yes , and then there 's the music
define a generation
deft portrait
the funnybone thanks
like a true star
more traditionally plotted popcorn thriller
more watchable
mornings . I still like Moonlight Mile , better judgment be damned
while the movie is slightly less successful than the first , it 's still a rollicking good time for the most part
Alcatraz
alone is worth the price of admission .
almost unsurpassed
allowed to play out as a clever , charming tale -- as pleasantly in its own way as its self-dramatizing characters
allegorical
allying you with its characters ' choices , good and ill , that its shortcomings are remembered only as an afterthought
this dream Hispanic role
energetic , extreme-sports adventure
energetic stunt sequences
's viewed as a self-reflection or cautionary tale
's very different from our own and yet instantly recognizable
's very much like life itself
that manage to avoid the ghetto of sentimental chick-flicks by treating female follies with a satirical style
a time travel back to what it felt like during those unforgettably uncertain days .
while it forces you to ponder anew what a movie can be
chemistry galore
cheesy fun
cheesy fun factor
the director had released the outtakes theatrically and used the film as a bonus feature on the DVD
the director , Tom Dey , had spliced together bits and pieces of Midnight Run and 48 Hours ( and , for that matter , Shrek )
the target of something deeper
the talented
the talents of its attractive young leads
the talented cast generally
a neat twist ,
bright future
bright and friendly souls
brief shooting star
a neat premise
brilliant as the sleep-deprived Dormer , his increasing weariness as much existential
care about cleverness , wit or any other kind of intelligent humor
brilliant anti-Hollywood satire
they are believable as people -- flawed , assured of the wrong things , and scared to admit how much they may really need the company of others
brilliance
seeing things from new sides , plunging deeper , getting more intense
this terrific film
One of those rare films that come by once in a while with flawless amounts of acting , direction , story and pace .
One of those rare films that come by once in a while with flawless amounts of acting , direction , story and pace
One of those terrific documentaries that collect a bunch of people who are enthusiastic about something and then figures out how to make us share their enthusiasm .
One of those terrific documentaries that collect a bunch of people who are enthusiastic about something and then
One of the year 's most weirdly engaging and unpredictable character pieces .
One of those exceedingly rare films in which the talk alone is enough to keep us involved .
One of those exceedingly rare films in which the talk alone is enough to keep us
there 's no denying the physically spectacular qualities of the film ... or the emotional integrity of the performances .
this moving , effective little film
does pack some serious suspense
does not proclaim the truth about two love-struck somebodies , but permits them time and space to convince us of that all on their own .
does pack some serious suspense .
this nervy oddity , like modern art
to the enduring strengths of women
this nervy oddity , like modern art should .
the genre and another first-rate performance
plays closer to two .
with the right actors and with the kind of visual flair that shows what great cinema can really do
attractive young leads
like a minor miracle
like a breath of fresh air
like a breath of fresh air , but only to those that allow it in
like a minor miracle that its septuagenarian star is young enough to be the nonagenarian filmmaker 's son , more incredible
After Next
After seeing ` Analyze That , ' I feel better already .
this particular , anciently demanding métier
the giant screen and its hyper-realistic images
thrills and extreme
unlike those in Moulin Rouge , are crisp and purposeful without overdoing it
engaging performances
engulfing you in its world
engulfing you in its world and allying you with its characters ' choices , good and ill , that its shortcomings are remembered only as an afterthought
engaging characterizations in Imamura 's lively and enjoyable cultural mix
engaging film
engaging film .
engaging look
enhance
enhance the film 's otherworldly quality , giving it a strange combo of you-are-there closeness with the disorienting unreality of the seemingly broken-down fourth wall of the movie screen
with splendid singing
with square conviction
with style
how it can resonate far beyond museum walls and through to the most painfully marginal lives
how exciting and satisfying
eloquent
elegant wit and
elegant wit
elegant wit and artifice
elling builds gradually until you feel fully embraced by this gentle comedy .
elling builds gradually until you feel fully embraced by this gentle comedy
, scored to perfection with some tasty boogaloo beats
psychologically probing
with some powerful people
may be a mess in a lot of ways . But it does have one saving grace . A lot of its gags
may be Burns 's strongest film since The Brothers McMullen .
may be Burns 's strongest film since The Brothers McMullen
may also be the best sex comedy about environmental pollution ever made .
may also be the best sex comedy about environmental pollution ever made
love this
loved the people onscreen
lovely trifle
loved classic
allows americans to finally revel in its splendor
allows us to be transported into the life of wladyslaw szpilman , who is not only a pianist , but a good human being
The writing is clever
The word that comes to mind , while watching Eric Rohmer 's tribute to a courageous Scottish lady
The wonder of Mostly Martha
Cut through the layers of soap-opera emotion
if somewhat standardized ,
if the essence of magic is its make-believe promise of life that soars above the material realm
if the movie were n't as beautifully shaped and as delicately calibrated in tone as it is
the movie would avoid
charming , funny and beautifully crafted import
the movie with a shred of plausibility ,
the biggest names in Japanese anime
A shiver-inducing
the biggest is that Secret Ballot is a comedy , both gentle and biting .
it risks monotony . But it 's worth the concentration
it seem fresh again
is so intimate and sensual and funny and psychologically self-revealing that it makes most of what passes for sex in the movies look like cheap hysterics .
is so intimate and sensual and funny and psychologically self-revealing that it makes most of what passes for sex in the movies look like cheap hysterics
is so different from The Apple and so striking that it can only encourage us to see Samira Makhmalbaf as a very distinctive sensibility , working to develop her own film language with conspicuous success
is so different from The Apple and so striking
is so earnest that it 's hard to resist his pleas to spare wildlife and respect their environs .
is so different from The Apple and so striking that it can only encourage us to see Samira Makhmalbaf as a very distinctive sensibility , working to develop her own film language with conspicuous success .
is so intimate and sensual and funny and psychologically self-revealing
saddled with an unwieldy cast of characters and angles , but the payoff is powerful and revelatory .
supremely
safely sanded down
supremely kittenish
A simple tale of an unlikely friendship , but thanks to the gorgeous locales and exceptional lead performances
a canny crowd pleaser ,
a canny crowd pleaser , and
a canny crowd pleaser
a calm , self-assured portrait of small town regret , love , duty and friendship
a calm , self-assured portrait of small town regret , love , duty and friendship that appeals to the storytelling instincts of a slightly more literate filmgoing audience
a calm , self-assured portrait
choose to interpret the film 's end as hopeful or optimistic
well-meaning to a fault , antwone fisher manages the dubious feat of turning one man 's triumph of will into everyman 's romance comedy .
well-paced
went out gunning to make a great one
instead found their Sturges .
, maybe I can channel one of my greatest pictures , Drunken Master
that 's when he really scores
that ( Jackie ) Chan 's US influence is starting to show in his Hong Kong films
that , by the end of Monsoon Wedding , sent my spirit soaring out of the theater
that , it 's the tension that keeps you in your seat
Roger the sad cad that really gives the film its oomph
updated his source and grasped its essence , composing a sorrowful and hilarious tone poem about alienated labor , or an absurdist workplace sitcom
a Barrie good time
` spectacular spectacle
a young artist 's thoughtful consideration of fatherhood
a young artist 's thoughtful consideration
a young Robert DeNiro
overcome the triviality of the story
a zany mix
impossible . He has improved upon the first and taken it a step further , richer and deeper .
the best American movie
of quirkily appealing minor movie she might not make for a while
much to absorb and even more to think about after the final frame
being interesting or entertaining
for a great film noir
provides an invaluable service by sparking debate and encouraging thought
at this interesting time and place
provides an invaluable service by sparking debate and encouraging thought .
provocative piece
the best of comedies
the best ,
the best , most
the best Irish sense
has a way of seeping into your consciousness
the believability of the entire scenario .
a nice change of mindless pace in collision
a nice girl-buddy movie
Lovely and poignant . Puts a human face on a land most Westerners are unfamiliar with
Lovely and poignant . Puts
Lovely and poignant .
Lovely and
Love ''
Lookin ' for sin , American-style ? Try Hell House , which documents the cautionary Christian spook-a-rama of the same name .
gorgeous film a must for everyone from junior scientists to grown-up fish lovers
got to admire ... the intensity with which he 's willing to express his convictions
got a creepy feeling that the film is closer to the mark than I want to believe
the biggest names in Japanese anime , with impressive results
gothic rural Americana
intimacy in a way that makes most American love stories look downright unfree
a touch of the flamboyant , the outrageous
intimate heart
intermittently engrossing and unflaggingly creative .
intermittently engrossing and
international acclaim
it 's rather messy -- but you just have to love the big , dumb , happy movie My Big Fat Greek Wedding .
it 's only because we would expect nothing less from this bunch .
it 's not terribly original and it 's rather messy -- but you just have to love the big , dumb , happy movie My Big Fat Greek Wedding .
it 's not just another connect-the-dots , spy-on-the-run picture
After watching it , you can only love the players it brings to the fore for the gifted but no-nonsense human beings they are and for the still-inestimable contribution they have made to our shared history .
that is a visual tour-de-force and a story that is unlike any you will likely see anywhere else
Assured , glossy and shot through with brittle desperation .
Astonishing
Astonishing ...
Astonishing ... ( frames ) profound ethical and philosophical questions in the form of dazzling pop entertainment
Assured , glossy
Assured , glossy and shot through with brittle desperation
Astonishing ... ( frames ) profound ethical and philosophical questions in the form of dazzling pop entertainment .
Astonishingly
turns his character into what is basically an anti-Harry Potter -- right down to the Gryffindor scarf .
summons more spirit and bite than your average formulaic romantic quadrangle
Huppert 's show to steal and she makes a meal of it , channeling Kathy Baker 's creepy turn as the repressed mother on Boston Public just as much as 8 Women 's Augustine
Huppert 's show to steal
Hot
a bonus feature
call the film ` refreshing
should appeal to women
lifts this tale of cannibal lust above the ordinary
lift this heartfelt enterprise out of the familiar
lift this heartfelt enterprise
parable that loves its characters and communicates something rather beautiful about human nature
parable that loves its characters and communicates something rather beautiful about human nature .
equal parts poetry and politics , obvious at times but evocative and heartfelt
parapsychological phenomena and the soulful nuances
while undeniably interesting
shockers since The Evil Dead
it might be tempting to regard mr . andrew and his collaborators as oddballs , but mr . earnhart 's quizzical , charming movie allows us to see them , finally , as artists .
it might be tempting to regard mr . andrew and his collaborators as oddballs , but mr . earnhart 's quizzical , charming movie allows us to see them , finally , as artists
it might be tempting to regard mr . andrew and his collaborators as oddballs , but mr . earnhart 's quizzical , charming movie
it races to the finish line
it races
any other kind of intelligent humor
A fairly by-the-books blend of action and romance with sprinklings of intentional and unintentional comedy .
an impossible spot
Disney 's live-action division has a history of releasing cinematic flotsam , but
Director Kapur is a filmmaker with a real flair for epic landscapes and adventure , and
Director Kapur is a filmmaker with a real flair for epic landscapes and adventure , and this is a better film than his earlier English-language movie , the overpraised Elizabeth
be to Clooney fans or adventure buffs , but to moviegoers who enjoy thinking about compelling questions with no easy answers
an iceberg melt -- only
Desta vez , Columbus capturou o pomo de ouro
be the best same-sex romance I have seen
be seen by anyone with even a passing interest in the events shaping the world beyond their own horizons
Disney 's live-action division has a history of releasing cinematic flotsam , but this is one occasion when they have unearthed a rare gem
an inviting piece
an inviting piece of film .
an invigorating
an invigorating , electric movie
an invigorating , electric movie .
While Benigni ( who stars and co-wrote ) seems to be having a wonderful time
While Glover , the irrepressible eccentric of River 's Edge , Dead Man and Back to the Future , is perfect casting for the role
here to make us look forward to the Russos ' next offering
A stunning piece of visual poetry that will , hopefully , be remembered as one of the most important stories to be told in Australia 's film history .
It 's dark but has wonderfully funny moments ;
It 's dark but has wonderfully funny moments
of warmth
of von Sydow ... is itself Intacto 's luckiest stroke
, it gets to you .
It 's an entertaining movie , and the effects , boosted to the size of a downtown hotel , will all but take you to outer space .
, it is a gripping , tidy little movie that takes Mr. Hill higher than he 's been in a while .
the movie , despite its rough edges and a tendency to sag in certain places , is wry and engrossing .
It 's dark but has wonderfully funny moments ; you care about the characters ;
The script boasts some tart TV-insider humor ,
there are enough moments of heartbreaking honesty to keep one glued to the screen .
there are plenty of laughs and good lines for everyone in this comedy
because of the universal themes , earnest performances
because of the ideal casting of the masterful British actor Ian Holm
because of the way it allows the mind to enter and accept another world
because of the universal themes , earnest performances ... and excellent use of music by India 's popular Gulzar and Jagjit Singh
might admire
New Zealand film
messenger
the lustrous polished visuals rich in color and creativity and
the lustrous polished visuals rich in color and creativity
the lustrous polished visuals
the magnificent swooping aerial shots are breathtaking
the magnificent swooping aerial shots
saucy , full-bodied performance gives this aging series a much needed kick , making '' Die Another Day '' one of the most entertaining Bonds in years
the lustrous polished visuals rich in color and creativity and , of course ,
The town has kind of an authentic feel ,
the magnificent swooping aerial shots are breathtaking ,
The town has kind of an authentic feel
You feel good , you feel sad
You feel good ,
You can taste it ,
You feel good , you feel sad ,
carefully lit and set up
carefully lit
moving and not infrequently breathtaking
Chan 's US influence is starting to show in his Hong Kong films
Chelsea Hotel
Chicago is , in many ways , an admirable achievement .
Hawaiian shirt
Haynes ' style apes films from the period
one of the smarter , savvier spoofs to come along in some time
, intimate and the dialogue is realistic and greatly moving .
acquire the fast-paced contemporary society
achingly honest and delightfully cheeky
acquainted with the author 's work , on the other hand ,
achingly enthralling premise
achingly honest
achingly honest and
The filmmakers know how to please the eye
is somewhat entertaining
, effective performances , and an increasingly unsettling sense of foreboding
indomitable human will
indomitable
saucy , full-bodied performance gives this aging series a much needed kick ,
, engaging film .
The filmmaker ascends , literally , to the Olympus of the art world
is mesmerizing
is matched by Schweig , who carries the film on his broad , handsome shoulders
is lots of fun
is just about right
cinema at its finest
cinema at its finest .
cinema 's most idiosyncratic form
cinema 's most idiosyncratic form instead of one of its most predictable
cinema 's finest this year
Maryam is a small film , but it offers large rewards
Masterpiece
memória
Maryam is a small film , but it offers large rewards .
a narrative puzzle that interweaves individual stories
spirited performances
spiritual
a magnificent drama well worth
A highly intriguing thriller , coupled with some ingenious plot devices and some lavishly built settings . .
A highly intriguing thriller ,
go see this delightful comedy .
A highly intriguing thriller , coupled with some ingenious plot devices and some
, some of it is honestly affecting
Scherfig 's light-hearted profile
Schaeffer is n't in this film , which may be why it works as well as it does .
can easily be considered career-best performances
elegant symmetry
beer-fueled
it 's one of the most beautiful , evocative works I 've seen .
it 's perfect .
it 's pleasant enough and its ecological , pro-wildlife sentiments are certainly welcome .
it 's pleasant enough and
it 's pleasant enough and its ecological , pro-wildlife sentiments are certainly welcome
it 's quite fun in places .
A grittily beautiful film that looks , sounds , and feels more like an extended , open-ended poem than a traditionally structured story .
A grittily beautiful film that looks ,
A grittily beautiful film that looks
A grittily beautiful film
A gripping documentary that reveals how deep the antagonism lies in war-torn Jerusalem .
A gripping documentary that
A gripping documentary
A great companion piece to other Napoleon films .
A harrowing account
as crisp and to the point
as crisp and
sketches ...
you know you 're in for a real winner , creativity at its peak .
gorgeous beaches
gorgeous animation and
gorgeous animation
gorgeous and finely detailed
gorgeous epic
gorgeous color palette
who understands how to create and sustain a mood
who willingly walk into the nightmare of war not only to record the events for posterity , but to help us
The animation and game phenomenon
sense is a movie that deserves recommendation
Any enjoyment
Any enjoyment will be hinge from a personal threshold of watching sad but endearing characters do extremely unconventional things .
is that she never lets her character become a caricature -- not even with that radioactive hair
is that she never lets her character become a caricature -- not even with that radioactive hair .
is that there 's a casual intelligence that permeates the script
it tight and nasty
it to be better and more successful than it is
it takes off in totally unexpected directions and keeps on going
, Nickelodeon-esque kiddie flick
that Skins comes as a welcome , if downbeat , missive from a forgotten front
that Rob Schneider actually turns in a pretty convincing performance as a prissy teenage girl
the chance it affords to watch Jackson , who also served as executive producer , take his smooth , shrewd , powerful act abroad
that Tian 's meticulous talent has not withered during his enforced hiatus
this Nicholas Nickleby finds itself in reduced circumstances -- and , also like its hero , it remains brightly optimistic , coming through in the end .
action-packed an experience as a ringside seat at a tough-man contest
the talented cast alone will keep you watching , as will the fight scenes .
Kurys ' career to a whole new level
Laissez-Passer is a distinguished and distinctive effort by a bona-fide master , a fascinating film replete with rewards to be had by all willing to make the effort to reap them .
Life
number 1
intimate than spectacular
into ` an inspiring tale of survival wrapped in the heart-pounding suspense of a stylish psychological thriller
into ` an inspiring tale of survival wrapped in the heart-pounding suspense of a stylish psychological thriller '
provoking thought
A movie that both thrills the eye and , in its over-the-top way , touches the heart .
A movie that reminds us of just how exciting and satisfying the fantasy cinema can be when it 's approached with imagination and flair
A movie with a real anarchic flair
A movie that will surely be profane , politically charged music to the ears of Cho 's fans .
A moving and solidly entertaining comedy\/drama
A movie with a real anarchic flair .
A moving and solidly entertaining comedy\/drama that should bolster director and co-writer Juan José Campanella 's reputation in the United States .
A moving and solidly entertaining comedy\/drama that should bolster director and co-writer
tosses around some intriguing questions about the difference between human and android life
A time machine , a journey back to your childhood , when cares melted away in the dark theater , and films had the ability to mesmerize , astonish and entertain .
otherwise good movie
otherwise good
otherwise this is the best ` old neighborhood ' project since Christopher Walken kinda romanced Cyndi Lauper in The Opportunists
ou 've got to love a Disney pic with as little cleavage as this one has , and a heroine as feisty and principled as Jane .
is a success in some sense
is a successful one .
is a successful one
While it can be a bit repetitive , overall it 's an entertaining and informative documentary .
While I ca n't say it 's on par with the first one , Stuart Little 2 is a light , fun cheese puff of a movie .
While Undisputed is n't exactly a high , it is a gripping , tidy little movie that takes Mr . Hill higher than he 's been in a while .
While general audiences might not come away with a greater knowledge of the facts of Cuban music , they 'll be treated to an impressive and highly entertaining celebration of its sounds .
jokes : a setup , delivery and payoff
jolly , fun-for-fun 's - sake communal spirit goes to the essence of Broadway
journalistic or historical
joyous occasion
Zone '' episode
the humor has point
the huge-screen format to make an old-fashioned nature film that educates viewers with words and pictures while entertaining them
The film affords us intriguing glimpses of the insights gleaned from a lifetime of spiritual inquiry , but
Dong stakes out the emotional heart of Happy .
walking around a foreign city with stunning architecture
if good-hearted , movie .
if good-hearted
works well enough
The best movie of its kind since ` Brazil . ' Lucas , take notes . This is how you use special effects .
The director , Steven Shainberg , has succeeded by focusing intently on his characters , making them quirky individuals rather than figures of fun .
The diversity of the artists represented , both in terms of style and ethnicity , prevents the proceedings from feeling repetitious , as does the appropriately brief 40-minute running time .
The film 's greatest asset
The film 's greatest asset is how much it 's not just another connect-the-dots , spy-on-the-run picture .
works well enough to make it worth watching
thoughtful , emotional movie experience
thoughtful , subjective filmmaking
thought through than in most ` right-thinking ' films
thought out
thought out encounter than the original could ever have hoped to be
thought-provoking and often-funny drama
thought-provoking film
thought-provoking New York fest
Cherish '' certainly is n't dull
Charming and
Charming
Charming and witty , it 's also somewhat clumsy .
Charming and witty
Cherish '' certainly
Cherish
Tackles the difficult subject of grief and loss
Tackles the difficult subject of grief and loss with such life-embracing spirit that the theme does n't drag an audience down
Tackles the difficult subject of grief and loss with such life-embracing spirit
a tour de force that is weird , wacky and wonderful
a tour de force
a total success ?
a total success
Tadpole may be one of the most appealing movies ever made about an otherwise appalling , and downright creepy , subject -- a teenage boy in love with his stepmother .
Tackles the difficult subject of grief and loss with such life-embracing spirit that the theme does n't drag an audience down .
a time travel back to what it felt like during those unforgettably uncertain days
a tight plot with an easy pace and a focus on character drama over crime-film complications
see again
found myself strangely moved by even the corniest and most hackneyed contrivances
found myself strangely moved by even the corniest and most hackneyed contrivances .
a little more dramatic tension and some more editing
takes its time to tell its story , casts mostly little-known performers in key roles
thematically
takes a very open-minded approach
takes a very open-minded approach to this sensitive material ,
takes a very open-minded approach to this sensitive material
plays Sy , another of his open-faced , smiling madmen , like the killer in Insomnia . He does this so well
playful recapitulation
playful paranoia
playful spirit
equally -- and admirably -- uncommercial
epics
to finally revel in its splendor
sad without being shrill
, yikes , uproarious
brings us right into the center of that world
Rodriguez has the chops of a smart-aleck film school brat and the imagination of a big kid ...
there 's a clarity of purpose and even-handedness to the film 's direction
there 's lots of cute animals and clumsy people . ` Snow Dogs ' has both
pay for his next project
go very right ,
go very right
raunchy and graphic as it may be in presentation --
Intimate and panoramic .
content with a clever pseudo-bio that manages to have a good time as it doles out pieces of the famous director 's life
contentedly
A tale of horror and revenge that is nearly perfect in its relentless descent to the depths of one man
A sweet-natured reconsideration of one of San Francisco 's most vital , if least widely recognized , creative fountainheads .
A swashbuckling tale of love , betrayal , revenge and above all , faith .
A subtle and well-crafted ( for the most part ) chiller .
A subtle and well-crafted ( for the most part )
A subtle and well-crafted
at a rustic
at a snail 's pace
mesmerizing poetry
mesmerizing -- filled with menace and squalor
mesmerizing , an eye-opening tour of modern Beijing culture in a journey of rebellion , retreat into oblivion and return .
mesmerizing , an eye-opening tour of modern Beijing culture in a journey of rebellion ,
, is a temporal inquiry that shoulders its philosophical burden lightly .
one that pushes the boundaries of biography , and challenges its audience .
one time
, insightful and beautifully rendered film .
one that pushes the boundaries of biography , and challenges its audience
, involving Aragorn 's dreams of Arwen , this is even better than The Fellowship .
new and ingenious
new and ingenious angle
new avenues
This is a gorgeous film - vivid with color , music and life . Delight your senses and crash this wedding
This is a gorgeous film - vivid with color , music and life . Delight your senses and crash this wedding !
points for style
This is a dark , gritty , sometimes funny little gem .
This is a fascinating film because there is no clear-cut hero and no all-out villain .
This humbling little film , fueled by the light comedic work of Zhao Benshan and the delicate ways of Dong Jie ,
This humbling little film , fueled by the light comedic work of Zhao Benshan and the delicate ways of Dong Jie , is just the sort for those moviegoers who complain that ` they do n't make movies like they used to anymore . '
This is a gorgeous film
This is a gorgeous film -
filmmaking with an assurance worthy of international acclaim
filter out the complexity
as brave and challenging as you could possibly expect these days from American cinema
as comfort food often can
, Blue Crush thrillingly uses modern technology to take the viewer inside the wave . By the end you ca n't help but feel ` stoked . '
, Burkinabe filmmaker Dani Kouyate 's reworking of a folk story whose roots go back to 7th-century oral traditions is also a pointed political allegory .
, Blood Work is a strong , character-oriented piece .
, Blue Crush thrillingly uses modern technology to take the viewer inside the wave .
, Cletis Tout is a winning comedy that excites the imagination and tickles the funny bone .
, Crazy as Hell marks an encouraging new direction for La Salle .
, Changing Lanes is also a film of freshness , imagination and insight .
satisfies , as comfort food often can
, Danny is a frighteningly fascinating contradiction .
, De Niro and Murphy make Showtime the most savory and hilarious guilty pleasure of many a recent movie season .
action-packed
action-packed an experience as a ringside seat
action-packed an experience
to make sense . What 's invigorating about it is that it does n't give a damn
turn on many people to opera
turn on many people to opera ,
turn on many people
turn out a small , personal film with an emotional wallop
turn on many people to opera , in general
turn out to be delightfully compatible here
provocative about this film
relishes every self-mocking moment .
relentless , polished wit
relegated to the background -- a welcome step forward from the Sally Jesse Raphael atmosphere of films like Philadelphia and American Beauty
relegated to the background -- a welcome step
relevant today
uncompromising knowledge
the unusual power of thoughtful , subjective filmmaking
Not only is Undercover Brother as funny , if not more so , than both Austin Powers films , but it 's also one of the smarter , savvier spoofs to come along in some time .
Not only is Undercover Brother as funny , if not more so , than both Austin Powers films
Not everything works , but the average is higher than in Mary and most other recent comedies .
Not far beneath the surface , this reconfigured tale asks disturbing questions about those things we expect from military epics .
Not only are the special effects and narrative flow much improved , and Daniel Radcliffe more emotionally assertive this time around as Harry , but the film conjures the magic of author J . K . Rowling 's books .
sexy people in gorgeous places
sexy people
sexy
at theaters
find a place among the studio 's animated classics
find a scathing portrayal of a powerful entity strangling the life out of the people who want to believe in it the most
find comfort in familiarity
finally transporting re-imagining of Beauty and the Beast and 1930s horror films
find a compelling dramatic means of addressing a complex situation
find a movie with a bigger , fatter heart than Barbershop
went back to Newcastle , the first half of Gangster No . 1 drips with style and , at times , blood
well-written as Sexy Beast
well-written and occasionally challenging social drama
well-wrought
well-told
well-put-together piece
well-written and occasionally challenging
well-written and
well-wrought story
Golden
Golden Book
Goldmember ''
it seems so real because it does not attempt to filter out the complexity
it still comes off as a touching , transcendent love story .
refreshing to see Robin Williams turn 180 degrees from the string of insultingly innocuous
refreshing to see a cartoon that knows what it is , and knows the form 's history
it the darling of many a kids-and-family-oriented cable channel
it succeeds
refreshing , disarming , and just outright enjoyable
refreshing , disarming , and just outright enjoyable despite its ridiculousness
a major work
a major-league leading lady
a man has made about women since Valley of the Dolls
a new way to surprise
dilutes the potency of otherwise respectable action
digs into their very minds to find an unblinking , flawed humanity .
satisfy the boom-bam crowd without a huge sacrifice of character and mood
sounds , but strikes a tone that 's alternately melancholic , hopeful and strangely funny
see it at the first opportunity
you 'd have a 90-minute , four-star movie .
Quaid is utterly fearless as the tortured husband living a painful lie ,
Puts a human face on a land most Westerners are unfamiliar with .
Puts to rest any thought that the German film industry can not make a delightful comedy centering on food .
Puts a human face
Minority Report commands interest almost solely as an exercise in gorgeous visuals . That 's not vintage Spielberg and that , finally , is minimally satisfying .
the role , giving a tight , focused performance illuminated by shards of feeling
to triumph over a Scrooge or two
tight , brisk 85-minute screwball thriller
you 'll love it and probably want to see it twice
have easily tipped this film into the `` A '' range , as is
have fun meeting a brand-new Pokemon called Celebi
yet permits laughter
made Mamet 's `` House of Games '' and last fall 's `` Heist '' so much fun
made a film so unabashedly hopeful that it actually makes the heart soar
made Eddie Murphy a movie star and the man
of an especially well-executed television movie
of an upper class Austrian society
need n't be steeped in '50s sociology , pop culture or movie lore to appreciate the emotional depth of Haynes ' work
need movies like Tim McCann 's Revolution No. 9 .
Good-looking but
Good-looking
Gorgeous to look at
what could have been a more multifaceted look at this interesting time and place
yet surprisingly entertaining
Like its parade of predecessors , this Halloween is a gory slash-fest .
Like blended shades of lipstick , these components combine into one terrific story with lots of laughs .
Like being invited to a classy dinner soiree
the visuals , even erotically frank ones ,
the visual flourishes
the visuals and enveloping sounds of Blue Crush make this surprisingly decent flick worth a summertime look-see .
the vital comic ingredient
yet there 's no denying the potency of Miller 's strange , fleeting brew of hopeful perseverance and hopeless closure .
not constant bloodshed
not all that bad of a movie
like Holly
is what it is -- a nice , harmless date film
is what it is -- a nice , harmless date film ...
is what movies are supposed to be ...
The history is fascinating
another `` Best Man ''
refreshing to see a girl-power movie that does n't feel it has to prove anything
refreshingly adult take on adultery
Mr. Earnhart 's quizzical , charming movie
It 's neither as sappy as Big Daddy nor as anarchic as Happy Gilmore or The Waterboy , but it has its moments .
It 's not a bad plot ;
adoration
add up to mesmerize you
admirably --
admired it , particularly that unexpected downer of an ending
would have been perfect for an old '' Twilight Zone '' episode
you 're a fan of the series you 'll love it and probably want to see it twice .
One from the heart .
a nice departure
a nice departure from standard moviegoing fare
One feels the dimming of a certain ambition , but in its place a sweetness , clarity and emotional openness that recalls the classics of early Italian neorealism .
Watstein handily directs and edits around his screenplay 's sappier elements ... and sustains Off the Hook 's buildup with remarkable assuredness for a first-timer .
really , really good things
Enough may pander to our basest desires for payback , but unlike many revenge fantasies , it ultimately delivers .
a nice wintry look
really , really good things can come in enormous packages
a nice wintry look from his locations
a page-turner
really gives the film its oomph
its profound self-evaluation message about our fragile existence and
its seriousness , high literary aspirations
its seriousness ,
is naturally poignant
flat-out amusing , sometimes endearing and often fabulous , with a solid cast , noteworthy characters
flat-out amusing , sometimes endearing and often fabulous , with a solid cast , noteworthy characters , delicious dialogue and
flat-out amusing , sometimes endearing and often fabulous , with a solid cast , noteworthy characters , delicious dialogue and a wide supply
recreated with obvious affection , scored to perfection with some tasty boogaloo beats
is smart , not cloying .
You might not want to hang out with Samantha , but
terror by suggestion , rather than the overuse of special effects
uncharted depths
but they 're each interesting .
is , however ,
but there 's no mistaking the filmmaker in the tall grass , true to himself .
but the film conjures the magic of author J . K . Rowling 's books .
's fitfully funny
's fitfully funny but never
's fitfully funny but
's funny ,
's funny , as the old saying goes , because it 's true .
Home Movie will leave you wanting more , not to mention leaving you with some laughs and a smile on your face .
Home Movie is about the people who live in them , who have carved their own comfortable niche in the world and have been kind enough to share it .
together indulge the force of humanity over hardware in a way that George Lucas has long forgotten
together by skilled ensemble actors
sounds promising
are certainly welcome
are certainly
the spectacular ( visually speaking )
the spectacular
to rush to the theatre for this one
the spectacle of small-town competition
the light comedic work
magnificent Jackie Chan
the lengths
he shows and empathizes with the victims he reveals
he respects the material without sentimentalizing it
clean-cut
The Importance of Being Earnest offers opportunities for occasional smiles and chuckles
incarnates the prophetic book in a way
so honest and
great crimes
still has the chops
awesome scenery
( A ) wonderfully loopy tale of love , longing , and voting
Mira Nair 's new movie has its audience giddy with the delight of discovery
some deft Ally McBeal-style fantasy sequences
some interesting real people
some honest insight
all the hallmarks of a movie
his films so memorable
all the earmarks of French cinema at its best
all the filmmakers need to do
manages to invest real humor
manages to string together enough charming moments to work
manages to find the seeds of hope in the form of collective action
manages to incorporate both the horror
focusing intently on his characters , making them quirky individuals rather than figures of fun
focusing intently on his characters
decent draft
debuts by an esteemed writer-actor .
decent TV outing
debuts by an esteemed writer-actor
IMAX cinema
a predictably efficient piece
a powerful entity
a powerful and reasonably fulfilling gestalt
a powerful and deeply moving example of melodramatic moviemaking
a powerfully evocative mood
a powerful though flawed movie , guaranteed to put a lump in your throat while reaffirming Washington as possibly the best actor working in movies today
make Paid in Full worth seeing .
a raw and disturbing tale
Writer \ \/ director M . Night Shyamalan 's ability to pull together easily accessible stories that resonate with profundity is undeniable .
Writer-director David Jacobson
Writer-director David Jacobson and
safely recommended as a video\/DVD babysitter
uses archival footage , horrifying documents of lynchings , still photographs and charming old reel-to-reel recordings of Meeropol entertaining his children to create his song history , but most powerful of all
play that flute
Hong Kong 's John Woo
the qualities
the qualities that made the first film so special
the proud warrior that still lingers in the souls of these characters
an attention
an astounding performance that deftly , gradually reveals a real human soul buried beneath a spellbinding serpent 's smirk .
an artist who has been awarded mythic status in contemporary culture
an astounding performance
an athlete , a movie star ,
an athlete , a movie star , and
an athlete , a movie star
explain how the diplomat 's tweaked version of statecraft may have cost thousands and possibly millions of lives
experiences he 's neglected over the years
o filme mergulha o espectador em um clima de forte suspense , culminando em um desfecho que certamente fica na memória
this a two-actor master class
thinking about compelling questions with no easy answers
thirst
this '' Two Weddings and a Funeral '' fun
while the audience can tell it 's not all new , at least it looks pretty
( Danny Huston gives ) an astounding performance that deftly , gradually reveals a real human soul buried beneath a spellbinding serpent 's smirk .
( D ) espite its familiar subject matter , Ice Age is consistently amusing and engrossing ...
( Cho 's face is ) an amazing slapstick instrument , creating a scrapbook of living mug shots .
( Barry ) gives Assassin a disquieting authority .
first-class
first-class road movie
need n't be steeped in '50s sociology , pop culture or movie lore to appreciate the emotional depth of Haynes ' work .
blithe exchanges
wonderful but
blissfully
with better characters , some genuine quirkiness and at least a measure of style
bliss
together they are magnificent .
that will give you goosebumps as its uncanny tale of love , communal discord , and justice
that will amuse or entertain them
that will leave you wondering about the characters ' lives after the clever credits roll
strike a chord with anyone who 's ever
strike a chord
that its visual imagination is breathtaking
The Grey Zone gives voice to a story that needs to be heard in the sea of Holocaust movies
The Grey Zone gives voice to a story that needs to be heard in the sea of Holocaust movies ...
The Hours is what movies are supposed to be ...
The Hours makes you examine your own life in much the same way its characters do , and the experience is profound
The Hours is one of those reputedly `` unfilmable '' novels that has bucked the odds to emerge as an exquisite motion picture in its own right .
The Hours makes you examine your own life in much the same way its characters do , and the experience is profound .
a quite pleasing , headlong thrust and
a necessary political work and
a nice little picture ,
a nicely detailed world of pawns , bishops and kings
a nicely detailed world of pawns , bishops and kings ,
a plot full of twists upon knots ...
a plot full of twists upon knots ... and
About nowhere kids who appropriated turfs as they found them and become self-made celebrity athletes -- a low-down version of the American dream
A work of intricate elegance ,
A work of astonishing delicacy and force
many ways the perfect festival film
A worthy tribute to a great humanitarian and her vibrant ` co-stars
many pleasures
A work of intricate elegance , literary lyricism and profound common sense
Whether you 're moved and love it , or bored or frustrated by the film , you 'll still feel something .
with guns , expensive cars , lots of naked women and Rocawear clothing
Whether or not you 're enlightened by any of Derrida 's lectures on '' the other '' and '' the self , '' Derrida is an undeniably fascinating and playful fellow .
for its historical significance alone
What really surprises about Wisegirls is its low-key quality and genuine tenderness .
its script and execution
knows how to inflate the mundane into the scarifying ,
resonate far beyond museum walls and through to the most painfully marginal lives
one that typifies the delirium of post , pre , and extant stardom
its seriousness and quality
one that is presented with great sympathy and intelligence
makes Minority Report necessary viewing for sci-fi fans , as the film has some of the best special effects ever .
knows how to inflate the mundane into the scarifying , and gets full mileage out of the rolling of a stray barrel or the unexpected blast of a phonograph record .
makes Minority Report necessary viewing for sci-fi fans ,
one that will have you at the edge of your seat for long stretches . '
make you reach for the tissues
willing to make the effort to reap them
will enjoy a close look at people they do n't really want to know
will delight newcomers to the story and those who know it from bygone days .
will tempt those willing to probe its inscrutable mysteries
will tempt those willing to probe its inscrutable mysteries .
Such master screenwriting comes courtesy of John Pogue , the Yale grad who previously gave us `` The Skulls '' and last year 's `` Rollerball . ''
Brazil-like , hyper-real satire
maximum comfort and familiarity
intriguing curiosity
of fun for all
of fun and funny in the middle , though somewhat less hard-hitting
of freshness , imagination and insight
The byplay and bickering between the now spy-savvy siblings , Carmen ( Vega ) and Juni ( Sabara ) Cortez , anchor the film in a very real and amusing give-and-take .
The cameo-packed , M : I-2-spoofing title sequence is the funniest 5 minutes to date in this spy comedy franchise ...
of genuine excitement
of funny situations and honest observations
more spirit and bite than your average formulaic romantic quadrangle
more spirit and bite
more than a bait-and-switch
fabulous
eye-opening
exude a chemistry and comfort level that 's both saucy and endearing .
exude a chemistry and comfort level that 's both saucy and endearing
fabulous music .
fabulous music
makes you crave Chris Smith 's next movie .
an astute appraisal
makes you crave Chris Smith 's next movie
of the credit for the film 's winning tone
an Italian superstar
it 's quite fun in places
it 's pretty enjoyable
it 's potentially just as rewarding
it 's pleasant enough -- and oozing with attractive men
it 's praises ,
it 's praises , but it 's definitely worth taking a look
goofiest
goofiest stuff
goofball action comedy
goofiness
hilarious dialogue
( Haynes ' ) homage to such films as '' All That Heaven Allows '' and '' Imitation of Life '' transcends them . Simply put
( Jones ) calls our attention to the inherent conflict between commerce and creativity .
stunning insight
studio pizazz
they do in this marvelous film
they do best - being teenagers
gives an especially poignant portrait of her friendship with the never flagging legal investigator David Presson
gives give a solid , anguished performance that eclipses nearly everything else she 's ever done
gives an especially poignant portrait of her friendship with the never flagging legal investigator David Presson .
gives her best
gives give a solid , anguished performance that eclipses nearly everything else she 's ever done .
gives her best performance since Abel Ferrara had her beaten to a pulp in his Dangerous Game
gives his best screen
gives her best performance since Abel Ferrara had her beaten to a pulp in his Dangerous Game .
, the humor has point
, the film works - mostly due to its superior cast of characters .
, the film turns into an engrossing thriller almost in spite of itself .
, the film tackles its relatively serious subject with an open mind and considerable good cheer , and is never less than engaging .
, the film settles in and becomes compulsively watchable in a guilty-pleasure , daytime-drama sort of fashion .
thirsty , consuming passion which drives this movie
humorously
hunk
unerring
unerring professionalism
to appeal to women looking for a howlingly trashy time
to balance pointed , often incisive satire and unabashed sweetness , with results that are sometimes bracing , sometimes baffling and quite often , and in unexpected ways , touching
is a greater attention to the parents -- and particularly the fateful fathers -- in the emotional evolution of the two bewitched adolescents
is a gorgeous film
is a good indication of how serious-minded the film is .
is a good indication of how serious-minded the film is
is a good and ambitious film .
is a good and ambitious film
is a genuine love story , full of traditional layers of awakening and ripening and separation and recovery .
is a genuine love story , full of traditional layers of awakening and ripening and separation and recovery
is a genre-curling crime story that revives the free-wheeling noir spirit of old French cinema .
is a genre-curling crime story that revives the free-wheeling noir spirit of old French cinema
protagonists
proof once again that if the filmmakers just follow the books , they ca n't go wrong .
proof once again that if the filmmakers just follow the books , they ca n't go wrong . better effects , better acting and a hilarious kenneth branagh . an excellent sequel .
not enough puff
and good intentions
and funny work
and game phenomenon
and funny story
and finely cut diamond
by this gentle comedy
accomplished and richly resonant work .
The new film of Anton Chekhov 's The Cherry Orchard
The next big thing 's
enough originality in ` Life ' to distance it from the pack of paint-by-number romantic comedies that so often end up on cinema screens
enriched
's not just a feel-good movie
's not a brilliant piece of filmmaking
for laughs and not the last time
for large-scale action and suspense
for juicy roles
for its true-to-life characters , its sensitive acting , its unadorned view of rural life and the subtle direction of first-timer Hilary Birmingham
for its profound humanity
a laugh
a laugh between them
Everett remains a perfect Wildean actor , and
Everett remains a perfect Wildean actor , and a relaxed Firth displays impeccable comic skill
Everett remains a perfect Wildean actor , and a relaxed Firth displays impeccable comic skill .
Every individual will see the movie through the prism of his or her own beliefs and prejudices
premissa curiosa , o filme mergulha o espectador em um clima de forte suspense , culminando em um desfecho que certamente fica na memória
prehistoric hilarity
to sit back and enjoy a couple of great actors hamming it up
to sibling reconciliation with flashes of warmth and gentle humor
to show for their labor , living harmoniously , joined in song
to shine
that it is laughingly enjoyable
find a film that dazzles the eye , challenges the brain , and satisfies our lust for fast-paced action
find it funny
Bowling for Columbine is at its most valuable
Brash , intelligent and
Brash , intelligent
suppose it 's lovely that Cal works out his issues with his dad and comes to terms with his picture-perfect life
world-class actor
wordplay and clever plot contrivances
wondering what will happen to her and wishing her the best -- whatever that might mean
world music
exhilarating exploration
slightly wised-up kids
One of the best silly horror movies
slick production values and
slick production values
slick production values and director Roger Michell 's tick-tock pacing
during a summer of event movies than a spy thriller like The Bourne Identity that 's packed with just as much intelligence as action
during that final , beautiful scene
quirkily appealing
quirkily appealing minor movie
quintessential Bollywood . Except it 's much , much better
quirky , charming
Newcastle , the first half of Gangster No. 1 drips with style and , at times ,
Newcastle , the first half of Gangster No. 1 drips with style and
Never once predictable .
Never once predictable
Newcastle , the first half of Gangster No. 1 drips with style
to his craft , but to his legend
Last Orders nurtures the multi-layers of its characters , allowing us to remember that life 's ultimately a gamble and last orders are to be embraced .
Lasker 's canny , meditative script distances sex and love , as Byron and Luther ... realize they ca n't get no satisfaction without the latter .
Lasker 's canny , meditative script distances sex and love , as Byron and Luther
One from the heart
strength
Enough may pander to our basest desires for payback , but unlike many revenge fantasies , it ultimately delivers
as close as we 'll ever come to looking through a photographer 's viewfinder as he works
as bold as anything the cinema
as close as anyone has dared to come
as an unusual biopic and document of
as anyone has dared to come
that is so meditative and lyrical about Babak Payami 's boldly quirky Iranian drama Secret Ballot ... a charming and evoking little ditty that manages to show the gentle and humane side of Middle Eastern world politics
that it 's a rock-solid little genre picture .
that it 's actually watchable . Even more baffling is that it 's funny
that is worthy of our respect
bravura performance
brash young men set out to conquer the online world with laptops , cell phones and sketchy business plans
It 's sweet and fluffy at the time ,
It 's sweet and fluffy at the time , but
Director Juan Jose Campanella
conflicted emotions that carries it far above ...
conflicted emotions that carries it far above
confirms Fincher 's status as a film maker who artfully bends technical know-how to the service of psychological insight .
confirms her power
, Hart 's War has much to recommend it , even if the top-billed Willis is not the most impressive player .
, I 'll buy the soundtrack .
flat-out amusing , sometimes endearing and often fabulous , with a solid cast , noteworthy characters , delicious dialogue and a wide supply of effective sight gags .
's driven by ambition and
's enough here to make us look forward to the Russos ' next offering
arrives from the margin that gives viewers a chance to learn , to grow , to travel .
arrives from the margin that gives viewers a chance to learn , to grow , to travel
its seriousness , high literary aspirations and
flat-out amusing , sometimes endearing and often fabulous , with a solid cast , noteworthy characters ,
black-and-white inspires
blasts
flat-out amusing , sometimes endearing and often fabulous , with a solid cast , noteworthy characters , delicious dialogue
flat-out amusing , sometimes endearing and often fabulous , with a solid cast , noteworthy characters , delicious dialogue and a wide supply of effective sight gags
very good viewing alternative
you 're definitely convinced that these women are spectacular .
It does n't do the original any particular dishonor ,
more timely in its despairing vision of corruption
more valuable
Thoughtful ,
This warm and gentle romantic comedy has enough interesting characters to fill several movies , and
This warm and gentle romantic comedy has enough interesting characters to fill several movies ,
This romantic thriller is steeped in the atmosphere of wartime England , and
This romantic thriller is steeped in the atmosphere of wartime England ,
This romantic thriller is steeped in the atmosphere of wartime England , and ably captures the speech patterns , moral codes and ideals of the 1940s
usually genuinely worthwhile
is highly pleasurable .
is hilariously , gloriously alive , and quite often hotter than Georgia asphalt
is hilariously , gloriously alive , and quite often hotter
deeper than expected
deep emotionally , perhaps because he 's been stirred by the powerful work of his co-stars
deeply appealing
deeply appealing veteran Bouquet
deeply emotional eyes
sophisticated , challenging filmmaking
sophisticated , challenging
sometimes side-splittingly
is nonjudgmental , and
is nonjudgmental , and makes clear that a prostitute can be as lonely and needy as any of the clients
is not a movie about fetishism . It is a movie about passion
is not a movie about fetishism . It is a movie about passion .
undercuts the joie de vivre even as he creates it , giving the movie a mournful undercurrent that places the good-time shenanigans in welcome perspective
in the most blithe exchanges gives the film its lingering tug
overflows
in the place where a masterpiece should be
overflows with wisdom and emotion .
laughs --
of an energetic , extreme-sports adventure
of an adoring , wide-smiling reception
of an interesting meditation on the ethereal nature of the internet and the otherworldly energies
captivates
laughs -- sometimes a chuckle , sometimes a guffaw and
capture the chaos of France in the 1790 's
capture the minds and hearts of many
laughs -- sometimes a chuckle , sometimes a guffaw and , to my great pleasure ,
Amazing
uplifting but
uplifting
can sustain the poetic flights in Burdette 's dialogue
life-embracing
life-affirming script
life-affirming
life-embracing spirit
lifelong concern
it 's a very entertaining , thought-provoking film with a simple message
capacity to heal using creative , natural and ancient antidotes
but it is also weirdly fascinating
searches ( vainly , I think ) for something fresh to say
soulful gravity
that profound , at least
that raise the bar on stylized screen violence
the obstacles to happiness
Transforms one of ( Shakespeare 's ) deepest tragedies into a smart new comedy
catches the chaotic horror
going at a rapid pace
goes where you expect and often surprises you with unexpected comedy
goes to the essence of Broadway
finely crafted
fine performances make this delicate coming-of-age tale a treat
finds the ideal outlet for his flick-knife diction in the role of Roger Swanson .
goes by quickly , because it has some of the funniest jokes of any movie this year , including those intended for adults
while adding a bit of heart and unsettling subject matter
while Thurman and Lewis give what can easily be considered career-best performances
going at a rapid pace , occasionally
finely crafted , finely written , exquisitely performed
A fresh-faced , big-hearted and frequently funny thrill
A four star performance from Kevin Kline who unfortunately works with a two star script .
A frustrating yet deeply watchable melodrama
A fresh-faced , big-hearted and frequently funny thrill ride for the kiddies , with enough eye candy and cheeky wit to keep parents away from the concession stand . '
A frustrating yet deeply watchable melodrama that makes you
A full experience ,
A full experience
A full experience , a love story and a murder mystery that expands into a meditation on the deep deceptions of innocence .
A full experience , a love story and a murder mystery that expands into a meditation on the deep deceptions of innocence
the funniest and most accurate depiction of writer
has all the sibling rivalry and general family chaos to which anyone can relate
the funniest jokes of any movie
the funniest motion
the funny bone
old fashion romance and someone
often lovely
often infectious
with their charisma
its willingness to explore its principal characters with honesty , insight and humor
its welcome with audiences several years
its visual panache and compelling supporting characters
its visual panache
extremely personal
the best parts
the best parts of Birthday Girl
the best of technology around a gripping story
the best movies as monumental ` picture shows
It has charm to spare ,
It has charm to spare
It has charm to spare , and unlike many romantic comedies , it does not alienate either gender in the audience
It has charm to spare , and
It has charm to spare , and unlike many romantic comedies , it does not alienate either gender in the audience .
It has its faults , but it is a kind , unapologetic , sweetheart of a movie , and Mandy Moore leaves a positive impression .
It has its faults , but it is a kind , unapologetic , sweetheart of a movie , and Mandy Moore leaves a positive impression
so amusingly contrived and outlandish in its coincidences
it 's an entertaining and informative documentary .
it 's an eye-opener .
it 's a memorable performance in a big , brassy , disturbing , unusual and highly successful film
it 's a work of enthralling drama
it 's a worthy entry in the French coming-of-age genre
getting their fair shot
a truly magical movie
a truly distinctive and a deeply pertinent film
a true study , a film with a questioning heart
a true study ,
a true star
a true cinematic knack
a tuba-playing dwarf rolled down a hill in a trash can ? Do you chuckle at the thought of an ancient librarian whacking a certain part of a man 's body ? If you answered yes , by all means enjoy The New Guy
comes a similarly morose and humorless horror movie that , although flawed , is to be commended for its straight-ahead approach to creepiness
this distinguished actor
uncanny tale
grand tour
grand-scale
at least fascinating
dope
will be occupied for 72 minutes .
American in sensibility and style
American love stories
to be more complex than your average film
but they 'll register strongly with anybody who still retains a soft spot for precollegiate humor .
to be mildly amusing
with a lighthearted glow , some impudent snickers , and a glorious dose of humankind 's liberating ability
... a solid , well-formed satire .
but these are performances to enjoy in a memorable ensemble piece .
is , however , a completely honest , open-hearted
but the miracle of Shainberg 's film is that it truly is romance
inspired ''
, accurate
enactments , however fascinating they may be as history ,
conjured up a multilayered work that tackles any number of fascinating issues
enamored
, Tosca is a real treat .
It 's incredible the number of stories the Holocaust has generated . Just when you think that every possible angle has been exhausted by documentarians , another new film emerges with yet another remarkable yet shockingly little-known perspective .
It 's light on the chills and heavy on the atmospheric weirdness ,
, accessible and funny
It 's light on the chills and heavy on the atmospheric weirdness , and there are moments of jaw-droppingly odd behavior -- yet I found it weirdly appealing .
It 's light on the chills and heavy on the atmospheric weirdness , and there are moments of jaw-droppingly odd behavior -- yet I found it weirdly appealing
Elling '' manages to do all three quite well , making it one of the year 's most enjoyable releases
Elaborate
Elaborate special effects
Elaborate special effects take centre screen , so that the human story is pushed to one side .
weaves both the elements of the plot and a powerfully evocative mood combining heated sexuality with a haunting sense of malaise
all the right parts
all the spaces in between filled with fantasies , daydreams , memories and one fantastic visual trope after another
to get excited about on this DVD
to get anywhere near the story 's center
blockbuster
Dumbo '' certainly ranks as the most original in years
This is one of the most visually stunning and thematically moving epics in recent memory , and in spite of numerous minor flaws , Scorsese 's best in more than a decade
some soul
some savvy producer saw the potential success inherent in the mixture of Bullock Bubble and Hugh Goo
handheld
some real vitality and even art
some savvy producer
some real vitality and
some quietly moving moments and an intelligent subtlety
be mildly amusing
be more complex than your average film
says a lot about a filmmaker when he can be wacky without clobbering the audience over the head and still maintain a sense of urgency and suspense
What you would end up with if you took Orwell , Bradbury , Kafka , George Lucas and the Wachowski Brothers and threw them into a blender
What you would end up with if you took Orwell , Bradbury , Kafka , George Lucas and the Wachowski Brothers and threw them into a blender .
, this movie proves you wrong on both counts .
, this remains a film about something , one that attempts and often achieves a level of connection and concern .
the story as imaginative
the story compelling
bare-midriff generation
generally mean-spirited
generate a lot of energy
generally amusing from time
fashioned a comedy with more laughs
a purpose and a strong pulse
handsomely
's so good that its relentless , polished wit can withstand not only inept school productions , but even Oliver Parker 's movie adaptation
will shock many with its unblinking frankness .
the precious trappings of most romantic comedies , infusing into the story
was funny
was a roaring success
the charisma of hugh grant and sandra bullock
three splendid actors
three of the most multilayered and sympathetic female characters of the year . As each of them searches for their place in the world , Miller digs into their very minds to find an unblinking , flawed humanity
thriller form to examine the labyrinthine ways in which people 's lives cross and change
thriller ''
Rarely have I seen a film so willing to champion the fallibility of the human heart .
Rarely does such high-profile talent serve such literate material .
as '' All That Heaven Allows '' and '' Imitation of Life '' transcends them . Simply put
Ramsay is clearly extraordinarily talented
Ramsay is clearly extraordinarily talented ,
Ramsay is clearly extraordinarily talented , and based on three short films and two features , here 's betting her third feature will be something to behold .
Ramsay is clearly extraordinarily talented , and based on three short films and two features , here 's betting her third feature will be something to behold
Rarely , indeed almost never , is such high-wattage brainpower coupled with pitch-perfect acting and an exquisite , unfakable sense of cinema .
Ramsay succeeds primarily with her typical blend of unsettling atmospherics , delivering a series of abrasive , stylized sequences that burn themselves upon the viewer 's memory .
possesses all the good intentions in the world , but
Often demented in a good way ,
rich green , environment
Just what makes us happy
possesses all the good intentions in the world ,
together through previous adventures and perils
conjures the magic of author J . K . Rowling 's books
connecting
connects on a visceral level that transcends language
connects
connects on a visceral level that transcends language .
by its art and heart
by its funny , moving yarn that holds up well after two decades
service of of others
pretty clever
atypically hypnotic approach
atypically hypnotic
audience-pleaser
of grandeur and scale
of grace in an imperfect world
of grandeur and scale that 's been decades
of having just witnessed a great performance
Successfully blended satire ,
Successfully blended satire , high camp and yet another sexual taboo into a really funny movie
Successfully blended satire , high camp and yet another sexual taboo into a really funny movie .
bittersweet contemporary comedy
of intellectual lector in contemplation of the auteur 's professional injuries
all the stomach-turning violence , colorful New York gang lore and other hallmarks of his personal cinema painted on their largest-ever historical canvas
of inspired humour
all the way to the credits
... Brian De Palma is utterly mad : cinema mad , set-piece mad , style mad . It 's a beautiful madness .
... Mafia , rap stars and hood rats butt their ugly heads in a regurgitation of cinematic violence that gives brutal birth to an unlikely , but likable , hero .
. Spielberg
. The charming result is Festival in Cannes .
... a fun little timewaster , helped especially by the cool presence of Jean Reno .
ham it up
bounds along with the rat-a-tat energy of '' His Girl Friday , '' maintaining a light touch while tackling serious themes .
witty dialogue and
killer soundtrack
kids-cute
kids-cute sentimentality
kids , Spirit
witty dialogue and inventive
witty dialogue and inventive moments
There are flaws , but also stretches of impact and moments of awe ; we 're wrapped up in the characters , how they make their choices , and why .
There are flaws , but also stretches of impact and moments of awe ; we 're wrapped up in the characters , how they make their choices , and why
There are flaws , but also stretches of impact and moments of awe ;
There are flaws , but also stretches of impact and moments of awe
There are a couple of things that elevate '' Glory '' above most of its ilk , most notably the mere presence of Duvall .
inspiring , especially for aging hippies ( this one included )
inspired
inspire the affection of even those unlucky people who never owned a cassette of Def Leppard 's Pyromania
inspire
inspiring and heart-affecting film
inspiring and heart-affecting
instructive
have worked up a back story for the women they portray so convincingly
have to pay if you want to see it
have to see it .
have to see it
the most inventive
more irresistibly than in ` Baran
more measured or polished production
its through-line of family and community is heartening in the same way that each season marks a new start .
its themes of loyalty , courage and dedication
post-Saving Private Ryan tributes
post-Saving Private Ryan tributes to the greatest generation
potential
potent allegorical
is particularly impressive .
is part of the fun
is particularly impressive
is philosophy , illustrated through everyday events
is perfectly serviceable and because he gives the story some soul
this Halloween is a gory slash-fest . It ca n't escape its past , and it does n't want to
get laughs
get in the way of what should be the lighter-than-air adventure
holiday concept
its electronic expression through cyber culture
on the importance of those moments
make watching such a graphic treatment of the crimes bearable
make you laugh
and ultimately touching
and triumphs
the charms
the charms of stars Hugh Grant and Sandra Bullock
the chatter
the choices
all I sort of loved the people onscreen
all I sort of loved the people onscreen ,
all I sort of loved the people onscreen , even though I could not stand them . Perhaps the film should be seen as a conversation starter . It 's not an easy one to review .
his intelligent grasp of human foibles and contradictions
his intelligent grasp
his fellow cast , as there are plenty of laughs and good lines for everyone in this comedy
but fun
than a more measured or polished production ever could
hard-to-predict and absolutely essential
hard-edged stuff
hard to forget
hard to imagine Alan Arkin being better than he is in this performance
willing to have fun with it
will strike a nerve with anyone who 's ever had family trauma
will welcome or accept The Trials of Henry Kissinger as faithful portraiture
will touch the heart of anyone old enough to have earned a 50-year friendship
precious commodity
precisely layered performance
is merely a transition is a common tenet in the world 's religions . This deeply spiritual film taps into the meaning and consolation in afterlife communications .
is merely a transition is a common tenet in the world 's religions . This deeply spiritual film taps into the meaning and consolation in afterlife communications
is masterful . This makes Minority Report necessary viewing for sci-fi fans , as the film has some of the best special effects ever
is masterful . This makes Minority Report necessary viewing for sci-fi fans ,
is masterful . This makes Minority Report necessary viewing for sci-fi fans , as the film has some of the best special effects ever .
Apart from its own considerable achievement
is more about the optimism of a group of people who are struggling to give themselves a better lot in life than the ones
the image that really tells the tale
the illusion of work is than actual work
achieve the kind of dramatic unity that transports you
If you 're willing to have fun with it
If you 're willing to have fun with it , you wo n't feel cheated by the high infidelity of Unfaithful .
If you 're hard up for raunchy college humor
If you 're hard up for raunchy college humor , this is your ticket right here .
If you 're as happy listening to movies as you are watching them , and the slow parade of human frailty fascinates you
is one of the most compelling variations on In the Company of Men .
If you 're looking for something new and hoping for something entertaining
If you 're looking for something new and hoping for something entertaining , you 're in luck .
injects just enough freshness into the proceedings to provide an enjoyable 100 minutes in a movie theater .
injects just enough freshness into the proceedings to provide an enjoyable 100 minutes in a movie theater
ingenuity
inject her pure fantasy character , Melanie Carmichael , with a massive infusion of old-fashioned Hollywood magic
injects just enough freshness into the proceedings
injects just enough freshness
is also refreshing , disarming , and just outright enjoyable
is as gritty
is as lively and as fun
is as powerful
is astonishing ,
American musical comedy as we know it would n't exist without the precedent of Yiddish theater , whose jolly , fun-for-fun 's - sake communal spirit goes to the essence of Broadway .
this one makes up for in heart what it lacks in outright newness . Plus , like I already mentioned
this nicely wound clock not just ticking , but humming
pays earnest homage to turntablists
pays earnest homage to turntablists and
paying attention , the '' big twists ''
patience , respect and affection
possible for a sequel to outshine the original
most ingenious and
most ingenious
As an introduction to the man 's theories and influence , Derrida is all but useless ; as a portrait of the artist as an endlessly inquisitive old man , however , it 's invaluable .
As an introduction to the man 's theories and influence , Derrida is all but useless ; as a portrait of the artist as an endlessly inquisitive old man , however , it 's invaluable
Michael Moore 's latest documentary about America 's thirst for violence is his best film yet ...
The laser-projected paintings provide a spell-casting beauty , while Russell and Dreyfus are a romantic pairing of hearts , preciously exposed as history corners them .
The level of maturity displayed by this 33-year-old first-time feature director
The long-range appeal
The level of maturity displayed by this 33-year-old first-time feature director is astonishing , considering her inexperience and her subject matter .
As broad and cartoonish as the screenplay is , there is an accuracy of observation in the work of the director , Frank Novak , that keeps the film grounded in an undeniable social realism .
Michael Moore 's Bowling for Columbine rekindles the muckraking , soul-searching spirit of the ` Are we a sick society ? ' journalism of the 1960s .
Scotland looks wonderful , the fans are often funny fanatics ,
Scotland looks wonderful , the fans are often funny fanatics
Scotland looks wonderful , the fans are often funny fanatics , the showdown sure beats a bad day of golf .
Scotland looks wonderful , the fans are often funny fanatics , the showdown sure beats a bad day of golf
Scott 's convincing portrayal of Roger the sad cad that really gives the film its oomph
Scott 's convincing portrayal
Scott Baio is turning in some delightful work on indie projects .
Scott delivers a terrific performance in this fascinating portrait of a modern Lothario .
the visceral excitement
oversize medium
remains a disquieting and thought-provoking film
remains a perfect Wildean actor
remains aloft not on its own self-referential hot air , but on the inspired performance of Tim Allen
safe and
Coppola has made a film of intoxicating atmosphere and little else .
the refreshingly unhibited enthusiasm
smart , funny
smart , funny and
Ghost Ship somehow manages to do exactly that
smart , funny and just honest enough to provide the pleasures of a slightly naughty , just-above-average off - broadway play .
smarter
smarter and subtler
on a job well done
A tough go , but Leigh 's depth and rigor , and his skill at inspiring accomplished portrayals that are all the more impressive for their lack of showiness , offsets to a notable degree the film 's often-mined and despairing milieu .
on a positive ( if tragic ) note
on a number of themes , not least the notion that the marginal members of society ...
on The Santa Clause 2
A tough go , but
an intelligent movie in which you can release your pent up anger
an intelligent weepy
an indisputably spooky film
an integrity
an intelligent movie
seen or heard anything quite like this film
seen the deep like you see it in these harrowing surf shots
seen the film lately , you may be surprised at the variety of tones in Spielberg 's work .
and movie life
and often-funny drama
and powerful documentary
fit for the kiddies
first-rate cast
first-rate performances
, retrospectively , his most personal work yet .
, retro uplifter .
, resonant gem
, roiling black-and-white inspires trembling and gratitude .
, sets the tone for a summer of good stuff
gets used best
seem entirely convincing even when its script is not
seem entirely convincing even when its script is not .
seems like I have been waiting my whole life for this movie
seems better , not just bigger
seems positively
It 's predictable , but it jumps through the expected hoops with style and even some depth .
It 's refreshing to see a girl-power movie that does n't feel it has to prove anything .
It 's rather like a Lifetime special -- pleasant , sweet and forgettable .
It 's the cinematic equivalent of a good page-turner
It 's the chemistry between the women and the droll scene-stealing wit and wolfish pessimism of Anna Chancellor that makes this '' Two Weddings and a Funeral '' fun .
It 's the kind of pigeonhole-resisting romp that Hollywood too rarely provides .
It 's the cinematic equivalent of a good page-turner , and even if it 's nonsense , its claws dig surprisingly deep .
It 's witty and inventive , too
this Argentinean ` dramedy ' succeeds mainly on the shoulders of its actors .
storytelling prowess
be smarter and more diabolical than you could have guessed at the beginning
be smarter and more diabolical
be required viewing for civics classes and would-be public servants alike
be said that he is an imaginative filmmaker who can see the forest for the trees
Men
Merchant effectively translates Naipaul 's lively mix of characters from the page to screen .
Metropolis worth seeing
Michel
can read the subtitles ( the opera is sung in Italian ) and you like ` Masterpiece Theatre ' type costumes
leave you wanting more answers as the credits roll
can still be smarter than any 50 other filmmakers still at work
can still be smarter than any 50 other filmmakers still at work .
it takes us on a roller-coaster ride from innocence to experience without even a hint of that typical kiddie-flick sentimentality .
it surprised me how much pleasure I had watching McGrath 's version .
it sounds sick and twisted , but the miracle of Shainberg 's film is that it truly is romance
it something any true film addict will want to check
it successfully showcases the passions of both the director and novelist Byatt .
it special
In his latest effort , Storytelling , Solondz has finally made a movie that is n't just offensive -- it also happens to be good .
In his latest effort , Storytelling , Solondz has finally made a movie that is n't just offensive -- it also happens to be good
In an era where big stars and high production values are standard procedure , Narc strikes a defiantly retro chord , and outpaces its contemporaries with daring and verve .
've got to admire ... the intensity with which he 's willing to express his convictions
rediscovers his passion in life
redemptive
rediscovers
a glimpse of the Solomonic decision facing Jewish parents in those turbulent times
( A ) n utterly charming and hilarious film that reminded me of the best of the Disney comedies from the 60s .
Malone
a disquieting and thought-provoking film
a disturbing story about sociopaths and their marks
a document of what it felt like to be a New Yorker -- or , really , to be a human being -- in the weeks after 9\/11
buoy the film , and at times , elevate it to a superior crime movie
bundling the flowers of perversity , comedy and romance into a strangely tempting bouquet of a movie
with a tasty balance
J . Lo will earn her share of the holiday box office pie , although this movie makes one thing perfectly clear :
likable cast
likable ,
likably delinquent attitude
a radiant character portrait
like L'Avventura and Repulsion
be particularly innovative
a worthwhile environmental message
a wonderful , imaginative script
settles into the light-footed enchantment the material needs
setting off
niftiest trick
niftiest
nice to see what he could make with a decent budget
nifty premise
nifty plot line
night out
Jones ... makes a great impression as the writer-director of this little $ 1.8 million charmer , which may not be cutting-edge indie filmmaking but has a huge heart .
Judging by those standards , ` Scratch ' is a pretty decent little documentary .
with a story that could touch anyone regardless of their familiarity with the sport
you get to see the one of the world 's best actors , Daniel Auteuil ,
in a modern context
an interesting character , but '' Serving Sara ''
always hilarious
always has been remarkable about clung-to traditions
always looks good
an interesting character to begin with
an interesting meditation
an interesting meditation on the ethereal nature of the internet and the otherworldly energies
an interesting character ,
A stylish cast
A straight-shooting family film which awards animals the respect they 've rarely been given .
A straight-shooting family film which awards animals the respect they
A straight-shooting family film
A stylish cast and some clever scripting solutions help Chicago make the transition from stage to screen with considerable appeal intact .
A sleek advert for youthful anomie
right conditions
psychedelic devices , special effects and backgrounds ,
Lifetime movie
Let 's face it --
masterly
masterpeice
may never think of band camp as a geeky or nerdy thing again .
master craftsmen
masterful British actor Ian Holm
masterful work
masterfully controlled .
a life-affirming message
more than exposes the roots of the skateboarding boom that would become `` the punk kids ' revolution . ''
more than exposes the roots of the skateboarding boom that would become `` the punk kids ' revolution
a legendary professor
more than another `` Best Man '' clone by weaving a theme throughout this funny film
more than a movie
see '' blue crush ''
that storytelling is what the movies are about
Aimed squarely
visual virtues
tense with suspense
almost Shakespearean -- both in depth and breadth -- after watching this digital-effects-heavy , supposed family-friendly comedy
damn good
it is interesting to see where one 's imagination will lead when given the opportunity
dog
dramatic
Gaunt , silver-haired and leonine , ( Harris ) brings a tragic dimension and savage full-bodied wit and cunning to the aging Sandeman .
Gaunt , silver-haired and leonine ,
strut his stuff
A compelling Spanish film about the withering effects of jealousy
A compelling Spanish film about the withering effects
A coming-of-age tale
daring , inventive and impressive
A coming-of-age tale from New Zealand whose boozy , languid air is balanced by a rich visual clarity and deeply felt performances across the board .
A coming-of-age tale from New Zealand whose boozy , languid air is balanced by a rich visual clarity and deeply
A chilling tale of one of the great crimes of 20th Century France
A chilling tale of one of the great crimes
A chilling tale of one of the great crimes of 20th Century France : the murder of two rich women by their servants in 1933
refreshingly different slice
refreshingly novel
juggle and juxtapose three story lines but
juicy , delicious
juicy , delicious plum
refreshing
Sensitive , insightful and beautifully rendered film . One of the best of the year
refreshing Korean film
Although ... visually striking and slickly staged
Sensitive ,
A psychic journey deep into the very fabric of Iranian ...
Scores a few points
with the shadow side of American culture
with the kind of detachment that makes any given frame look like a family 's custom-made Christmas card
with the finest of specials
with the sensation of having just witnessed a great performance
with the magic he 's spun with the Hollywood empress of Ms . Leoni 's Ellie
proud in its message
My goodness , Queen Latifah has a lot to offer
Must be seen to be believed .
major opportunity to be truly revelatory about his psyche
maintains an appealing veneer without becoming too cute about it .
maintains an appealing veneer without becoming too cute about it
major-league
that the talented cast generally
of styles and genres
that these women are spectacular
one-hour mark
one word that best describes this film : honest
Yes , but also intriguing and honorable , a worthwhile addition to a distinguished film legacy .
Yes , but also intriguing and honorable , a worthwhile addition to a distinguished film legacy
allows each character to confront their problems openly and honestly .
allows his cast members to make creative contributions to the story and dialogue .
allows his cast members to make creative contributions to the story and dialogue
allows his cast the benefit of being able to give full performances ...
allows his cast the benefit of being able to give full performances
allows his cast the benefit of being able to give full performances ... while demonstrating vividly that the beauty and power of the opera reside primarily in the music itself .
allows his cast the benefit of being able to give full performances ... while demonstrating vividly that the beauty and power of the opera reside primarily in the music itself
dig on David Mamet 's mind tricks ... rent this movie and
dig on David Mamet 's mind tricks ... rent this movie
dig on David Mamet 's mind tricks ... rent this movie and enjoy
digs deep emotionally ,
Still pretentious and filled with subtext , but entertaining enough at ` face value ' to recommend to anyone looking for something different .
manages to string together enough charming moments to work .
mesmerizing performance
a purposefully reductive movie
which is nothing to sneeze at these days
Martha '' is a bright , light modern day family parable that wears its heart on its sleeve
which may be why it 's so successful at lodging itself in the brain
which seems so larger than life and yet so fragile
while also examining its significance for those who take part
'm still stunned .
Not all of the stories work and the ones that do are thin and scattered , but the film works well enough to make it worth watching .
this story about love and culture
this somber picture reveals itself slowly , intelligently , artfully .
this sometimes wry adaptation
Auteil 's less dramatic but equally incisive performance
Auteuil is a goofy pleasure
Australian filmmaker David Flatman uses the huge-screen format to make an old-fashioned nature film that educates viewers with words and pictures while entertaining them .
Auto Focus is not your standard Hollywood bio-pic . Schrader aims to present an unflinching look at one man 's downfall , brought about by his lack of self-awareness .
Not as well-written as Sexy Beast , not as gloriously flippant as Lock , Stock and Two Smoking Barrels , but stylish and moody and exceptionally well-acted .
, flawless film , ( Wang ) emerges in the front ranks of China 's now numerous , world-renowned filmmakers .
, flashbulbs , blaring brass and back-stabbing babes
slapstick humor for the kids , lots of in-jokes for the adults and
slapstick humor for the kids , lots of in-jokes for the adults
smart and
format to make an old-fashioned nature film that educates viewers with words and pictures while entertaining them
formidable
Though the controversial Korean filmmaker 's latest effort is not for all tastes , it offers gorgeous imagery , effective performances , and an increasingly unsettling sense of foreboding .
much truth
for her characters
that stands , despite its noticeable lack of emotional heft , in welcome contrast to the indulgent dead-end experimentation of the director 's previous Full Frontal
to fulfill its own ambitious goals
that seems compelling and even original
that shading is what makes it worthwhile
that shading is what makes it worthwhile .
that should be seen by all , especially those who are n't aware of , or have forgotten about the unmentioned victims of war
that should charm all but the most cynical
It is , however , a completely honest , open-hearted
It is different from others in its genre in that it is does not rely on dumb gags , anatomical humor , or character cliches
It has a dashing and resourceful hero ; a lisping , reptilian villain ; big fights ; big hair ; lavish period scenery ; and a story just complicated enough to let you bask in your own cleverness as you figure it out .
It forces you to watch people doing unpleasant things to each other and themselves
it interesting
it funny
it gives devastating testimony to both people 's capacity for evil and their heroic capacity for good
it interesting trying to find out
it is laughingly enjoyable
're presented with a wry dark humor .
's ( Ricci 's ) best
's ( Ricci 's ) best work yet , this girl-woman who sincerely believes she can thwart the world 's misery with blind good will .
constantly pulling the rug from underneath us ,
constantly pulling the rug from underneath us , seeing things from new sides , plunging deeper , getting more intense
constructs
constructs a hilarious ode to middle America and middle age with this unlikely odyssey
reducing our emotional stake
give you enough to feel good about
give-me-an-Oscar
of '' Minority Report
Barney has created a tour de force that is weird , wacky and wonderful .
Barbershop ' shows he 's on his way .
sweet , harmless , dumb , occasionally funny and
of '60s spy movies
sweetness
, political intrigue , partisans and sabotage
, passion , and genius
sweet , harmless ,
of '' Big Deal on Madonna Street '' that 's a sly , amusing , laugh-filled little gem in which the ultimate '' Bellini '' begins to look like a '' real Kaputschnik
on his broad , handsome shoulders
on it
: Enter the Fist is hilarious . It 's too bad nothing else is .
99-minute
Whether Quitting will prove absorbing to American audiences
Inside the film 's conflict-powered plot there is a decent moral trying to get out
Inside the film 's conflict-powered plot there is a decent moral trying to get out , but it 's not that , it 's the tension that keeps you in your seat .
In the Bedroom
Inside
accomplished and richly resonant work
In the end , Punch-Drunk Love is one of those films that I wanted to like much more than I actually did . Sometimes , that 's enough .
energetic and satisfying
energetic and always surprising performance
to love about this English trifle
enduring
energetic and always surprising
energetic and
ends with scenes so terrifying I 'm still stunned . And I 've decided to leave a light on every night from now on
Workmanlike , maybe , but still a film with all the elements that made the other three great , scary times at the movies .
's surprisingly decent ,
's surprisingly decent , particularly
's stuff here to like
have considerable personal charm
True to its animatronic roots :
rip-roaring
right into the center of that world
richly handsome locations
rich with period minutiae
tailor-made
tackles any number of fascinating issues
symbolic examination
tailored an epic tale
True to its title
My Lips is an original .
Munch is a marvel of reality versus sappy sentiment .
My oh my , is this an invigorating , electric movie .
we have n't seen on the big screen before ,
absorbs all manner of lame entertainment
absolutely refreshed
absolute joy
above superficiality
An ambitious ` what if ? '
two fine , nuanced lead performances
An ambitious ` what if ? ' that works .
An ambitious ` what if ? ' that works
Unexpected , and often contradictory , truths emerge .
Unexpected moments of authentically impulsive humor
Unexpected moments of authentically impulsive humor are the hallmark of this bittersweet , uncommonly sincere movie that portrays the frank humanity of ... emotional recovery .
Uneven but a lot of fun
Uneven but a lot of fun .
that matters
that manages to show the gentle and humane side of Middle Eastern world politics
Unfolds as one
a fluid and mesmerizing sequence of images
a fluid and mesmerizing sequence
a fluid , no-nonsense authority
a flourish
spirited film
spiritual anomie
spiritual film taps
spirituality that are powerful and moving without stooping to base melodrama
a forum to demonstrate their acting ` chops '
with the breathtaking landscapes and villainous varmints there to distract you from the ricocheting
The movie occasionally threatens to become didactic , but it 's too grounded in the reality of its characters to go over the edge
The only entertainment
Has a solid emotional impact
Has all the hallmarks of a movie
Has a solid emotional impact .
Hart 's War has much to recommend it , even if the top-billed Willis is not the most impressive player . As a story of dramatic enlightenment , the screenplay by Billy Ray and Terry George leaves something to be desired .
shows he 's on his way
showing impressive control , both visually and in the writing
As surreal as a dream and as detailed as a photograph
shows that the idea of women 's self-actualization knows few continental divides .
do see thriller , coupled with some arresting effects , incandescent tones and stupendous performances
do no wrong with Jason X.
showcases the passions of both the director and novelist Byatt
two genuinely engaging performers
The animated subplot keenly
The animated subplot keenly depicts the inner struggles of our adolescent heroes - insecure , uncontrolled , and intense .
as thrilling as it should be
as three of the most multilayered and sympathetic female characters of the year
especially her agreeably startling use of close-ups and her grace with a moving camera
of the same from Taiwanese auteur Tsai Ming-liang , which is good news to anyone who 's fallen under the sweet , melancholy spell of this unique director 's previous films
of the rarest kinds of films
of the quality that keeps Dickens evergreen : the exuberant openness with which he expresses our most basic emotions
of the pushiness and decibel volume of most contemporary comedies
with the characters , who are so believable that you feel what they feel
that it almost wins you over in the end
especially fine
to a strangely sinister happy ending
to a series of standup routines in which Wilson and Murphy show how funny they could have been in a more ambitious movie
to accomplish what few sequels can
succeeded only in making me groggy .
to accommodate to fit in and gain the unconditional love she seeks
to acquire the fast-paced contemporary society
the thriller form to examine the labyrinthine ways in which people 's lives cross and change
with added depth and resonance
especially Williams , an American actress who becomes fully English
by the rules of its own self-contained universe
by sticking to the facts
ca n't wait to see what happens next .
ca n't wait to see what happens next
like those D.W. Griffith made in the early days of silent film
actor Raymond J. Barry is perfectly creepy and believable .
action-packed submarine
likely to witness in a movie theatre for some time
nicely mixes in as much humor as pathos to take us on his sentimental journey of the heart .
A lovely and beautifully
A lovably
A lovably old-school Hollywood confection
A lot smarter than your average Bond .
A lot more dimensional and complex than its sunny disposition would lead you to believe .
A lot of talent
A lovely and beautifully photographed romance .
nighttime Manhattan , a loquacious videologue of the modern male and
laugh once ( maybe twice )
of a certain outré sexual practice
of a buddy movie
of a beautifully sung holiday carol
of a big , tender hug
times funny and at other times candidly revealing
watching Seinfeld ( who is also one of the film 's producers ) do everything he can to look like a good guy
Keenly observed and refreshingly natural , Swimming gets the details right , from its promenade of barely clad bodies in Myrtle Beach , S.C. , to the adrenaline jolt of a sudden lunch rush at the diner .
scarily funny
Niccol the filmmaker merges his collaborators ' symbolic images with his words , insinuating , for example , that in Hollywood , only God speaks to the press
truly distinctive and a deeply pertinent film
interesting study
interesting social parallel and defiant aesthetic
interesting social
interesting to Ram Dass
interesting time
interesting subject
satisfies -- from its ripe recipe , inspiring ingredients , certified cuisine and palatable presentation
satisfies -- from its ripe recipe , inspiring ingredients , certified cuisine and palatable presentation .
savour the story
Seen in that light
Scott 's charismatic Roger and
is n't badly made
is that this film 's cast is uniformly superb
last time jokes flowed out of Cho 's life story , which provided an engrossing dramatic through line
Lauren Ambrose comes alive under the attention from two strangers in town - with honest performances and realistic interaction between the characters , this is a coming-of-age story with a twist
truly distinctive and
with a cultist 's passion
three excellent principal singers , a youthful and good-looking diva and tenor and richly handsome locations
three excellent principal singers ,
three excellent principal singers
threatening and unforgettable
to gluing you to the edge of your seat
injects freshness and spirit
our respect
ourselves is One Hour Photo 's real strength
ourselves surprised at how much we care about the story
can now add movies to the list of things he does well
can only be applauded
can out-stealth any agent , he 'll get the girl
can out-stealth any agent , he 'll get the girl .
can only be applauded .
within the seas of their personalities
of the first order
observations on the human condition
( Denis ) accomplishes in his chilling , unnerving film
able
able to create an engaging story that keeps you guessing at almost every turn
singing long after the credits roll
For the first time in several years , Mr . Allen has surpassed himself with the magic he 's spun with the Hollywood empress of Ms . Leoni 's Ellie .
For serious film buffs
For the first time in several years
For the first time since Desperately Seeking Susan , Madonna does n't suck as an actress
For the first time since Desperately Seeking Susan , Madonna does n't suck as an actress .
There 's a lot of tooth in Roger Dodger . But what 's nice is that there 's a casual intelligence that permeates the script
There 's a lot of tooth in Roger Dodger .
For the first two-thirds of this sparklingly inventive and artful , always fast and furious tale
There 's a lot of good material here , but there 's also a lot of redundancy and unsuccessful crudeness accompanying it
There 's a lot of good material here
There 's a lot of good material here ,
There 's a great deal of corny dialogue and preposterous moments . And yet , it still works
thematic resonance
second helpings of love , romance , tragedy , false dawns , real dawns , comic relief , two separate crises during marriage ceremonies , and
closed-off nationalist reality
Cleaver
a juicy writer
Sand 's masculine persona , with its love of life and beauty ,
rah-rah
adventurous
quite truthful
quite the memorable experience
quite tasty and inviting all the same
sincere passion
sincere passion that this Hollywood contrivance orbits around
on parade
good enough
good for what it 's trying to do
good humor
good idea
good , hard-edged stuff
good , hard-edged stuff , violent and a bit exploitative but also nicely done , morally alert and street-smart
good at this kind of thing , unlike the Americans , who have a passion for Musketeers , only to spoof them
good charitable enterprise
good looks
good piece
has appeal beyond being a Sandra Bullock vehicle or a standard romantic comedy .
has been awarded mythic status in contemporary culture
A well-crafted film
A well-crafted film that is all the more remarkable because it
A well-crafted film that is all the more remarkable because it achieves its emotional power and moments of revelation with restraint and a delicate ambiguity .
A well-done film
A well-done film of a self-reflexive , philosophical nature
beauty to behold
A well-put-together piece
A well-put-together piece of urban satire
A well-put-together piece of urban satire .
A whole lot of fun and funny in the middle , though somewhat less hard-hitting
( and lovely ) experiment
motherhood
moved by the movie 's depiction of sacrifice and its stirring epilogue in post-Soviet Russia
movingly
movingly genuine
buddy cop comedy
bubbles with the excitement of the festival in Cannes .
bubbles with the excitement of the festival in Cannes
, delicate treatment
a lot more smarts , but just as endearing and easy to watch
a lot going for it , not least the brilliant performances by Testud ... and Parmentier
a lot going for it , not least the brilliant performances by Testud ... and
a lot going for it , not least the brilliant performances by Testud ...
from his large cast in beautifully articulated portrayals that are subtle and so expressive they can sustain the poetic flights in Burdette 's dialogue
its inventiveness
from his large cast in beautifully articulated portrayals
is Corcuera 's attention to detail .
from funny to shattering and featuring some of the year 's best acting
is Oscar-worthy
might make the award-winning Coen brothers envious
that unequivocally qualify as art --
that unequivocally qualify as art
its fully-written characters ,
... spellbinding fun and deliciously exploitative .
... the story , like Ravel 's Bolero , builds to a crescendo that encompasses many more paths than we started with .
... the one thing this Wild film has that other Imax films do n't : chimps , lots of chimps , all blown up to the size of a house . That 's fun for kids of any age .
... the kind of entertainment that parents love to have their kids see .
its flabbergasting principals , 14-year-old Robert MacNaughton , 6-year-old Drew Barrymore and 10-year-old Henry Thomas , convince us of the existence of the wise , wizened visitor from a faraway planet
... there 's enough cool fun here to warm the hearts of animation enthusiasts of all ages .
... the tale of her passionate , tumultuous affair with Musset unfolds as Sand 's masculine persona , with its love of life and beauty , takes form .
you would n't turn down a big bowl of that
a working over . The cast is spot on
its grand locations
its impact is all the greater beause director Zhang 's last film , the cuddly Shower , was a non-threatening multi-character piece centered around a public bath house
sit through it again
The niftiest trick
The niftiest trick perpetrated by The Importance of Being Earnest
The nonstop artifice
Mamet 's airless cinematic shell games .
Man '' clone by weaving a theme throughout this funny film
the television series that inspired the movie
at such a furiously funny pace
at the back of your neck
A beautiful paean
, honest performance
Fans will undoubtedly enjoy it , and
character portrait , romantic comedy and beat-the-clock thriller
Insanely hilarious
Infidelity drama is nicely shot , well-edited and features a standout performance by Diane Lane .
Fans will undoubtedly enjoy it
Holm does his sly , intricate magic
Holm does his sly , intricate magic ,
Holm does his sly , intricate magic , and
Holm does his sly , intricate magic , and Iben Hjelje is entirely appealing as Pumpkin
A slick , well-oiled machine , exquisitely polished and upholstered .
A rigorously structured and exquisitely
A rigorously structured and exquisitely filmed drama about a father and son connection that is a brief shooting star of love .
A romantic comedy , yes , but one with characters who think and talk about their goals , and are working on hard decisions .
A sensitive and expertly
) are such a companionable couple
) profound ethical and philosophical questions in the form of dazzling pop entertainment
) matured quite a bit with Spider-Man , even though it 's one of the most plain white toast comic book films
) faults are easy to forgive because the intentions are lofty
acute writing and a host of splendid performances
acute writing
see all summer
without being forceful
inspirational status
see because the theater
insists on the importance of those moments when people can connect and express their love for each other
turned this
insists on the importance of those moments
turning in some delightful work on indie projects
I found myself strangely moved by even the corniest and most hackneyed contrivances .
film legacy
film a must for everyone from junior scientists
film a must for everyone from junior scientists to grown-up fish lovers
stakes out the emotional heart of Happy .
stakes out the emotional heart of Happy
film that makes me miss Hitchcock , but also
film that reminded me of the best of the Disney comedies from the 60s
its characters and communicates something
you forget you 've been to the movies .
its bold presentation
its boundary-hopping formal innovations and glimpse
that remains vividly in memory long
that refreshes the mind and spirit along with the body
its cast , its cuisine and its quirky tunes
Sensation
visual virtuosity
is one for the ages .
highly recommended
high-energy
high-concept
highlight
( Moore 's ) noisy , cocky energy , his passion and class consciousness ;
( Howard ) so good as Leon Barlow ... that he hardly seems to be acting
( s ) nail-biting suspense and
Family
an intense indoor drama about compassion , sacrifice , and Christian love
a flattering sense of mystery and quietness
do n't even care that there 's no plot in this Antonio Banderas-Lucy Liu faceoff
do n't avert our eyes for a moment .
without being overstated
with two of the year 's most accomplished and riveting film performances
wonderment and excitement
the fondness he has for his characters
the first time in years
childhood innocence
chills and sustained
caution to the wind with an invitation to the hedonist in us all
celebrates the human spirit
Remember it .
Rehearsals are frequently more fascinating than the results .
excellent performances from his cast
excellent performances
excellent company
except gently and in that way that makes us consider our own eccentricities and how they are expressed through our homes
exciting and involving
This masterfully calibrated psychological thriller thrives on its taut performances and creepy atmosphere even if the screenplay falls somewhat short .
This is wild surreal stuff , but brilliant and the camera just kind of sits there and lets you look at this and its like you 're going from one room to the next and none of them have any relation to the other .
This masterfully calibrated psychological thriller
This is wild surreal stuff , but
This is wild surreal stuff , but brilliant and the camera just kind of sits there and lets you look at this and its like you 're going from one room to the next and none of them have any relation to the other
This is wild surreal stuff
This is wild surreal stuff ,
grand
This method almost never fails him
, the sight of this grandiloquent quartet lolling in pretty Irish settings is a pleasant enough thing , ` tis
remarkable serenity and discipline
so terrific at conveying their young angst
meaningful about facing death
if you have the patience for it , you wo n't feel like it 's wasted yours
if you find comfort in familiarity
to be a cut above the norm , thanks to some clever writing and sprightly acting
to arouse further curiosity in even the most unknowing viewer
that is more accurate than anything I have seen in an American film
South Park
as timely as tomorrow
as they do in this marvelous film
that is more complex and honest than anything represented in a Hollywood film
it 's Robert Duvall ! C'mon
it 's Kidman who holds the film together with a supremely kittenish performance that gradually accumulates more layers .
it 's a big , comforting jar of Marmite , to be slathered on crackers and served as a feast of bleakness
it 's Dench who really steals the show
it 's a feel movie . You feel good
a tasty performance from Vincent Gallo lifts this tale of cannibal lust above the ordinary
a tasty performance
a tasty performance from Vincent Gallo
historical event
grace and humor
lively ,
lively and
liked such movies
look like a ''
It 's a testament to the film 's considerable charm that it succeeds in entertaining , despite playing out like a feature-length sitcom replete with stereotypical familial quandaries .
It 's a spectacular performance - ahem , we hope it 's only acting .
the respect they are due
the rest of the cast is uniformly superb
the rest of the world will enjoy a fast-paced comedy with quirks that might make the award-winning Coen brothers envious .
the right film
darned good
dazzlingly
dazzlingly self-assured directorial debut
deadpan suspense
deeply absorbing
how serious-minded the film is
of deadpan cool , wry humor and just the measure
understand what made Allen 's romantic comedies so pertinent and enduring
The creative animation work may not look as fully ` rendered ' as Pixar 's industry standard , but it uses lighting effects and innovative backgrounds to an equally impressive degree .
of creative belly laughs
who 's being conned right up to the finale
Mediterranean sparkles
laughing
laughter
fairly disposable yet still entertaining B
fairly basic comedic constructs
fairly revealing
fairly pretty pictures
fairly pretty
to sensual siren
to see the subtleties of Ramsay 's portrait of grief
to see it at the first opportunity
Men in Black II , ''
memorable stunts
memorables
memorable women
memorable zingers
one for you
one good idea
one heck of a character study -- not of Hearst or Davies but
one heck of a character study -- not of Hearst or Davies
one heck of a character study -- not of Hearst or Davies but of the unique relationship between them
to develop her own film language with conspicuous success
of some appealing ingredients
of social insight , intellectual pretension and cinematic interest
of some fleetingly amusing improvisations by Cedric the Entertainer as Perry 's boss
of spectacularly
There 's real visual charge to the filmmaking
funny for grown-ups as for rugrats
funny even for adults . The characters are interesting and often very creatively constructed from figure to backstory .
The vistas are sweeping and the acting is far from painful
funny , sweetly adventurous
funny , subtle , and resonant
funny , twisted , brilliant and macabre
funny , touching , smart and complicated
funny and entertaining
funny , uplifting and moving
funny and poignant
The vistas are sweeping
when they need it to sell us on this twisted love story , but who can also negotiate the movie 's darker turns
when you cross toxic chemicals with a bunch of exotic creatures , you get a lot of running around , screaming and death . On that score , the film certainly does n't disappoint
The unexpected thing is that its dying , in this shower of black-and-white psychedelia , is quite beautiful
The touch is generally light enough and the performances , for the most part , credible .
The touch is generally light enough and the performances , for the most part , credible
this sparklingly inventive and artful , always fast and furious tale
this slightly disappointing sequel going , with enough amusing banter -- blessedly curse-free -- to keep both kids and parents entertained
some tasty grub
bastards , more power to it .
deviously adopts the guise of a modern motion picture
from Oscar-winning master
dream of
A superlative B movie --
A superlative B movie
A superlative B movie -- funny , sexy , and rousing .
A superlative B movie -- funny , sexy , and rousing
A sun-drenched masterpiece , part parlor game , part psychological case study ,
A sun-drenched masterpiece , part parlor game , part psychological case study
A sun-drenched masterpiece , part parlor game , part psychological case study , part droll social satire .
A sun-drenched masterpiece , part parlor game , part psychological case study , part droll social satire
for the most part )
A surprisingly ` solid ' achievement by director
A surprisingly ` solid ' achievement
to watch too many Barney videos
orchestrate a buoyant , darkly funny dance of death .
many ways the perfect festival film : a calm , self-assured portrait of small town regret , love , duty and friendship that appeals to the storytelling instincts of a slightly more literate filmgoing audience
who 's finally been given a part worthy of her considerable talents
many ways the perfect festival film :
A well-made thriller with a certain level of intelligence and non-reactionary morality
A well-made thriller with a certain level
A worthy tribute to a great humanitarian and her vibrant ` co-stars .
Light the candles , bring out the cake and do n't fret about the calories because there 's precious little substance in Birthday Girl -- it 's simply , and surprisingly , a nice , light treat
Light the candles , bring out the cake and do n't fret about the calories because there 's precious little substance in Birthday Girl -- it 's simply , and surprisingly , a nice , light treat .
Like Kubrick , Soderbergh is n't afraid to try any genre and to do it his own way .
Like Edward Norton in American History X , Ryan Gosling ( Murder By Numbers ) delivers a magnetic performance .
A worthy entry into a very difficult genre
's quite fun in places .
Safe Conduct is anything but languorous .
's really done it this time .
each trailer park you drive past -- even if it chiefly inspires you to drive a little faster
each moment of this broken character study is rich in emotional texture
each other so intensely , but with restraint
a true and historically significant
a true and historically significant story
a triumph , however , it
a triumph
a triumph ,
with his brawny frame and cool , composed delivery
Not really as bad as you might think !
Not only are the special effects and narrative flow much improved , and Daniel Radcliffe more emotionally assertive this time around as Harry , but the film conjures the magic of author J.K. Rowling 's books .
recommended as an engrossing story about a horrifying historical event and the elements which contributed to it
recommended as an engrossing story about a horrifying historical event and the elements which contributed to it .
I know I should n't have laughed , but hey , those farts got to my inner nine-year-old .
I know I should n't have laughed , but hey , those farts got to my inner nine-year-old
I like about Men With Brooms and what is kind of special
I know that I 'll never listen to Marvin Gaye or the Supremes the same way again
I hope the movie is widely seen and debated with appropriate ferocity and thoughtfulness .
I know I should n't have laughed , but
of ` laugh therapy '
I like it . There is a freedom to watching stunts that are this crude , this fast-paced and this insane .
I like it .
the previous film 's successes
evaluate what is truly ours in a world of meaningless activity
which , while it may not rival the filmmaker 's period pieces , is still very much worth seeing
with her small , intelligent eyes
with grace and panache
with her actors
with fascinating connections
with good intentions leads to the video store ''
Some of the computer animation is handsome , and
Some of the computer animation is handsome ,
Some of the computer animation is handsome
signals director Rick Famuyiwa 's emergence as an articulate , grown-up voice in African-American cinema .
signals director Rick Famuyiwa 's emergence as an articulate , grown-up voice in African-American cinema
booking passage
the intimate , unguarded moments of folks who live in unusual homes
the intimate , unguarded moments of folks who live in unusual homes -- which pop up in nearly every corner of the country
one that spans time and reveals meaning ? You bet there is and it 's what makes this rather convoluted journey worth taking .
one that families looking for a clean , kid-friendly outing should investigate
All of the elements are in place for a great film noir , but
makes `` Never Again '' worthwhile
its lavish formalism
makes Minority Report necessary viewing for sci-fi fans , as the film has some of the best special effects ever
its keenest pleasures
living in the renown Chelsea Hotel
happened to good actors
to display his cadness to perfection ,
to display his cadness to perfection , but also
better person
better than Sorcerer 's Stone
better characters , some genuine quirkiness and at least a measure of style
better characters ,
better characters , some genuine quirkiness and
better characters , some genuine quirkiness and at least
the film is powerful , accessible and funny . you wo n't miss its messages , but you 'll be entertained as well
humor and plenty
humor and snappy dialogue
humor or an unexpected plot twist
humour and lightness
her small , intelligent eyes
Thurman and Lewis give what can easily be considered career-best performances
Thumbs up to Paxton for not falling into the Hollywood trap and making a vanity project with nothing new to offer
Thumbs up to Paxton for not falling into the Hollywood trap and making a vanity project with nothing new to offer .
Time is a beautiful film to watch , an interesting and at times captivating take on loss and loneliness .
To Remember
Time Out offers an exploration that is more accurate than anything I have seen in an American film .
Time is a beautiful film to watch
the cleverness , the weirdness and the pristine camerawork
is a feast
is a film far superior to its predecessor . A movie that successfully crushes a best selling novel into a timeframe that mandates that you avoid the Godzilla sized soda
phenomenal fantasy best sellers
is a daring work of genius .
is a decent moral trying to get out
is a compelling slice of awkward emotions
is a daring work of genius
is a fascinating document of an event that has to be seen to be believed
is a fascinating document of an event that has to be seen to be believed .
heaven allows '' and '' imitation of life '' transcends them .
heaven allows '' and '' imitation of life '' transcends them . simply
heaven
heaven ''
despite its repetitions and inconsistencies than do most films than
destined to become a landmark in Japanese animation
in the end it 's as sweet as Greenfingers
in the face of the character 's blank-faced optimism
in the film 's drumbeat about authenticity , given the stale plot and pornographic way the film revels in swank apartments , clothes and parties
thoroughly engage you
manages to fall closer in quality to Silence than to the abysmal Hannibal
manages to breathe life into this somewhat tired premise .
manages to bring something new into the mix
manages to avoid many of the condescending stereotypes that so often plague films dealing with the mentally ill
manages to be compelling , amusing and unsettling at the same time
manages to be pleasant in spite of its predictability
... there are enough moments of heartbreaking honesty to keep one glued to the screen .
... tones down his pint-sized gangsta act to play someone who resembles a real kid .
The storytelling may be ordinary , but the cast is one of those all-star reunions that fans of Gosford Park have come to assume is just another day of Brit cinema .
and quirky comedy
got as potent a topic as ever here
got a place in your heart for Smokey Robinson
got a place in your heart
got just enough charm and appealing character quirks to forgive that still serious problem
got to hand it to director George Clooney for biting off such a big job the first time out
got the wildly popular Vin Diesel in the equation
delivers a powerful commentary on how governments lie , no matter who runs them
delivers a powerful commentary on how governments lie ,
delivers big time
delivers the original magic
delivers the goods
us share their enthusiasm
us riveted with every painful nuance , unexpected flashes of dark comedy and the character 's gripping humanity
us see familiar issues , like racism and homophobia , in a fresh way
us to remember that life 's ultimately a gamble and last orders are to be embraced .
us to see Samira Makhmalbaf as a very distinctive sensibility , working to develop her own film language with conspicuous success
by the smartest kids in class
is sentimental
is sentimental but feels free to offend , is analytical and then surrenders to the illogic of its characters , is about grief and
given to the water-camera operating team of Don King , Sonny Miller , and Michael Stewart .
gives a mesmerizing performance as a full-fledged sex addict who is in complete denial about his obsessive behavior
gives a mesmerizing performance as a full-fledged sex addict who is in complete denial about his obsessive behavior .
gives ample opportunity
gives ample opportunity for large-scale action and suspense
gives ample opportunity for large-scale action and suspense ,
gives ample opportunity for large-scale action and suspense , which director Shekhar Kapur supplies with tremendous skill
gives ample opportunity for large-scale action and suspense , which director Shekhar Kapur supplies with tremendous skill .
polished
polished , sophisticated entertainment
poignant
poignant and powerful narrative
polished and relatively sincere
polished and relatively sincere piece
a rare treat that shows the promise of digital filmmaking
a ravishing , baroque beauty
a rare window on an artistic collaboration
a real gift
a real anarchic flair
a real gift for teasing chilly poetry out of lives and settings that might otherwise seem drab and sordid
a real gift for teasing chilly poetry out of lives and settings
a real treat
the deeply appealing veteran Bouquet and
the delicate performances by Sven Wollter and Viveka Seldahl
the delicate performances by Sven Wollter and Viveka Seldahl make their hopes and frustrations vivid
Drumline ' shows a level of young , Black manhood that is funny , touching , smart and complicated
Drops you into a dizzying , volatile , pressure-cooker of a situation that quickly snowballs out of control , while focusing on the what much more than the why .
Dogma-like in spots - and quite truthful
provide its thrills and extreme emotions
Swimming gets the details right , from its promenade of barely clad bodies in Myrtle Beach , S . C . , to the adrenaline jolt of a sudden lunch rush at the diner .
A very funny romantic comedy
A very funny romantic comedy about two skittish New York middle-agers who stumble into a relationship and then
A twisty ,
A twisty , moody slice of Southern Gothic
A touching , small-scale story of family responsibility and care in the community .
A touching , sophisticated film
A touching , sophisticated film that almost seems like a documentary in the way
A touching , sophisticated film that almost seems like a documentary in the way it captures an Italian immigrant family on the brink of major changes .
look as good or better than in the original
look American angst in the eye and end up laughing
based on CQ , I 'll certainly be keeping an eye out for his next project
, the biggest is that Secret Ballot is a comedy , both gentle and biting .
, tense with suspense . The Ring never lets you off the hook .
, taut , piercing and feisty
, tender hug
they were jokes : a setup , delivery and payoff
things that elevate `` Glory '' above most of its ilk
things that elevate `` Glory '' above most of its ilk ,
what 's attracting audiences to Unfaithful
ride for the kiddies , with enough eye candy and cheeky wit to keep parents away from the concession stand
ride for the kiddies , with enough eye candy and cheeky wit to keep parents away from the concession stand .
skillfully through the plot 's hot brine
richly detailed ,
richly detailed , deftly executed
richly detailed , deftly executed and
richly detailed , deftly executed and utterly absorbing
richly resonant work
richly rewarded
ride for the kiddies , with enough eye
Nair 's cast is so large it 's Altman-esque
Nair 's attention to detail
Nair 's attention to detail creates an impeccable sense of place , while Thurman and Lewis give what can easily be considered career-best performances .
Nair 's cast is so large it 's Altman-esque , but she deftly spins the multiple stories in a vibrant and intoxicating fashion
Nair 's cast is so large it 's Altman-esque , but she deftly spins the multiple stories in a vibrant and intoxicating fashion .
otherwise good-naturedness
otherwise the production is suitably elegant
otherwise delightful
otherwise delightful comedy
otherwise appealing
Instead , she sees it as a chance to revitalize what is and always has been remarkable about clung-to traditions .
Insomnia . He does this so well
upscale
to a more mythic level
to a moving tragedy with some buoyant human moments
one of the most entertaining monster movies in ages
one of the most interesting writer\/directors
one of the great films about movie love
one of the few ` cool ' actors who never seems aware of his own coolness
one of the lucky few who sought it out
one of the more daring and surprising American movies of the year
one of the greatest date movies in years
with humorous observations about the general absurdity of modern life
like a grinning jack o ' lantern ,
like a grinning jack o ' lantern , its apparent glee
like a 10-course banquet
enough finely tuned
enormously entertaining movie
enough clever and unexpected
enormous feeling
enormously entertaining
enough flourishes and freak-outs to make it entertaining
eye-opening tour
First good ,
First good
First good , then bothersome . Excellent acting and direction .
Extraordinary debut from Josh Koury .
Extreme Ops '' exceeds expectations .
Exciting documentary
Exciting documentary .
the movie will be funny
Entirely suspenseful , extremely
Entirely suspenseful ,
Enticing and often funny documentary
Enticing and often
Enticing and often funny documentary .
$ 1.8 million charmer
Entirely suspenseful , extremely well-paced and ultimately ...
Entirely suspenseful , extremely well-paced and ultimately
an arousing good time
last-minute action
partly satisfying
particularly memorable
particularly memorable effect
deviant topical comedy
develops into a significant character study that is both moving and wise
the capable Clayburgh and Tambor really do a great job of anchoring the characters in the emotional realities of middle age .
the cartoon
the capable Clayburgh
the call of the wild
I highly recommend Irwin , but
I highly recommend Irwin
I highly recommend Irwin ,
the courage to knock on that door
smacks of purely commercial motivation
large cast
The screenplay never lets us forget that Bourne was once an amoral assassin just like the ones who are pursuing him ... There is never really a true `` us '' versus `` them '' .
The screenplay never lets us forget that Bourne was once an amoral assassin just like the ones who are pursuing him ... There is never really a true `` us '' versus `` them ''
using creative , natural and ancient antidotes
to its insanely staged ballroom scene , in which 3000 actors appear in full regalia
satisfy the boom-bam crowd
are every bit as distinctive as his visuals
are both superb ,
are both superb
Poignant and moving
are both superb , while Huppert ... is magnificent .
managed to pack it with enough action to satisfy the boom-bam crowd without a huge sacrifice of character and mood
are both superb , while Huppert ... is magnificent
Portuguese master Manoel de Oliviera
managed to convey a tiny sense of hope
manages , with terrific flair , to keep the extremes of screwball farce and blood-curdling family intensity on one continuum
for faith , hope and charity
for easy smiles
manages , with terrific flair
for cryin '
for delivering such an instant camp classic
see the it
One scene
One of those rare films that seems as though it was written for no one , but somehow manages to convince almost everyone that it was put on the screen , just for them .
One of those movies that make us pause and think of what we have given up to acquire the fast-paced contemporary society .
respected
has moments of inspired humour ,
resonance to make us care about them
resolve to be a total winner
compulsively watchable
satisfying evening
who excels in the art of impossible disappearing\/reappearing acts
satisfying during a summer of event movies than a spy thriller like The Bourne Identity that 's packed with just as much intelligence as action
may inspire a few younger moviegoers to read Stevenson 's book , which is a treasure in and of itself
A great script
A guilty pleasure
unified
traveled to places in the world devastated by war , famine and poverty and documented the cruelty and suffering he has found with an devastating , eloquent clarity
while you watch it , offering fine acting moments and pungent insights into modern L . A
the dynamic duo
rising
rising above similar fare
rivals shakespeare for intrigue , treachery and murder
riveting
riveting memories
riveting memories are rendered with such clarity that it 's as if it all happened only yesterday
has n't aged a day
( Haynes ' ) homage to such films as '' All That Heaven Allows '' and '' Imitation of Life '' transcends them . Simply put , '' Far From Heaven '' is a masterpiece .
old-fashioned storytelling
highly-praised
knows its classical music , knows its Freud and knows its Sade
knows its classical music , knows its Freud and
knows its classical music ,
its intriguing subject
its intimacy and precision
says a lot about a filmmaker when he can be wacky without clobbering the audience over the head and still maintain a sense of urgency and suspense .
This is a smart movie that knows its classical music , knows its Freud and knows its Sade .
This is a sincerely crafted picture that deserves to emerge from the traffic jam of holiday movies .
This is a nicely handled affair , a film about human darkness but etched with a light ( yet unsentimental ) touch .
This is a more fascinating look at the future than '' Bladerunner '' and one of the most high-concept sci fi adventures attempted for the screen
This is a more fascinating look at the future than '' Bladerunner '' and one
This is a finely written , superbly acted offbeat thriller .
This is a film that manages to find greatness in the hue of its drastic iconography .
This is a stunning film , a one-of-a-kind tour de force .
This is a story that zings all the way through with originality , humour and pathos .
Young Everlyn Sampi , as the courageous Molly Craig
You would n't want to live waydowntown , but it is a hilarious place to visit .
is certainly well-meaning
is certainly that
help Chicago make the transition from stage to screen with considerable appeal intact .
help sustain it
helped change a nation
her Rubenesque physique
romantic thriller
romp that boasts both a heart and a mind .
romp that boasts both a heart and a mind
romantic innocence and philosophical depth
romantic relationship
the experience is profound . The Hours is what movies are supposed to be
underdog movie since The Bad News Bears
last year 's exemplary Sexy Beast
sparked by two actresses in their 50s working at the peak of their powers
making it relatively effortless to read and follow the action at the same time
to be really funny
in-your-face family drama and black comedy
last year 's exemplary Sexy Beast seemed to revitalize the British gangster movie
portrays the frank humanity of ... emotional recovery
's an offbeat treat that pokes fun at the democratic exercise while also examining its significance for those who take part
gets vivid performances
who does a convincing impersonation here of a director enjoying himself immensely
from many a Hollywood romance . What sets it apart is the vision that Taymor , the avant garde director of Broadway 's The Lion King and the film Titus , brings
in Imax 3-D , the clichés disappear into the vertiginous perspectives opened up by the photography
from hope and euphoria
is its spirit , its ribald , full-throated humor .
of human experience -- drama , conflict , tears and surprise -- that it transcends the normal divisions between fiction and nonfiction film
of humor about itself , a playful spirit and a game cast
Because you can hear about suffering Afghan refugees on the news and still be unaffected . Dramas like this make it human .
Because you can hear about suffering Afghan refugees on the news and still be unaffected . Dramas like this make it human
us because it is so incisive , so bleakly amusing about how we go about our lives
the overall feeling is genial and decent
up by Howard with a steady , if not very imaginative , hand
the costuming of the stars
the outstanding thrillers
the outstanding soundtrack
fit smoothly
fit smoothly together
fits into a genre that has been overexposed , redolent of a thousand cliches , and yet remains uniquely itself , vibrant with originality
funny , smart , visually inventive
have infused Frida with a visual style unique and inherent to the titular character 's paintings and in the process created a masterful work of art of their own
reminds you how pertinent its dynamics remain
have infused Frida with a visual style unique and inherent to the titular character 's paintings and in the process created a masterful work of art of their own .
reminds me of a vastly improved Germanic version of My Big Fat Greek Wedding -- with better characters , some genuine quirkiness and at least a measure of style
reminds me of a vastly improved Germanic version of My Big Fat Greek Wedding --
reminds us how realistically nuanced a Robert De Niro performance can be when he is not more lucratively engaged in the shameless self-caricature of ` Analyze This ' ( 1999 ) and ` Analyze That , ' promised ( or threatened ) for later this year
first major studio production
funny , smart ,
the shadowy lighting
Becomes a fascinating study of isolation and frustration that successfully recreates both the physical setting and emotional tensions of the Papin sisters
Because the genre is well established , what makes the movie fresh
Because the genre is well established , what makes the movie fresh is smart writing , skewed characters , and the title performance by Kieran Culkin .
Because the film deliberately lacks irony , it has a genuine dramatic impact ;
Because the film deliberately lacks irony , it has a genuine dramatic impact ; it plays like a powerful 1957 drama we 've somehow never seen before
Because the film deliberately lacks irony , it has a genuine dramatic impact ; it plays like a powerful 1957 drama we 've somehow never seen before .
first made audiences on both sides of the Atlantic love him
the sexuality
Morton uses her face and her body language to bring us Morvern 's soul , even though the character is almost completely deadpan .
More timely than its director could ever have dreamed , this quietly lyrical tale probes the ambiguous welcome extended by Iran to the Afghani refugees who streamed across its borders , desperate for work and food .
Mostly Martha '' is a bright , light modern day family parable that wears its heart on its sleeve
a different kind of time traveler
It 's so good that its relentless , polished wit can withstand not only inept school productions , but even Oliver Parker 's movie adaptation
It 's the perfect star vehicle for Grant , allowing him to finally move away from his usual bumbling , tongue-tied screen persona .
it does mark Ms . Bullock 's best work in some time
it comes to the characters and writing ... but works its way underneath the skin like few movies
it does not alienate either gender in the audience
A gorgeously strange movie , Heaven is deeply concerned with morality , but
A gorgeously strange movie , Heaven is deeply concerned with morality , but it refuses to spell things out for viewers
A gorgeously strange movie , Heaven is deeply concerned with morality
A gorgeously strange movie , Heaven is deeply concerned with morality ,
A gorgeously strange movie ,
A good documentary can make interesting a subject you thought would leave you cold . A case in point : Doug Pray 's Scratch .
A gorgeously strange movie
the first to be released in the U . S
A gorgeously strange movie , Heaven is deeply concerned with morality , but it refuses to spell things out for viewers .
A gracious , eloquent film
the Vincent Price horror classics
the U.S.
aggrandizing
worthwhile tutorial
charm or personality
charm or
charm and heart
charming performers
charming moments
charming chemistry
charm the paint off the wall ...
gives an especially poignant portrait of her friendship
worthwhile way
Denis O'Neill 's script avoids the prime sports cliche , a last-second goal to win the championship
A compelling coming-of-age drama
you go into the theater expecting a scary , action-packed chiller
A compelling coming-of-age drama about the arduous journey of a sensitive young girl through a series of foster homes and a fierce struggle to pull free from her dangerous and domineering mother
riveting profile
riveting performances
riveting and surprisingly romantic
riveting and
riveting and surprisingly romantic ride
riveting , brisk delight
riveted with every painful nuance , unexpected flashes of dark comedy and the character 's gripping humanity
sensuality and a conniving wit
crackles
crack cast
crack a smile at
crack a smile
covers this territory with wit and originality , suggesting that with his fourth feature -- the first to be released in the U . S .
covers this territory with wit and originality ,
covers this territory with wit and originality
, the film never succumbs to the trap of the maudlin or tearful , offering instead with its unflinching gaze a measure of faith in the future .
Frida gets the job done .
worth following
of the original American road movies , feasting on the gorgeous , ramshackle landscape of the filmmaker 's motherland
, the tale unfolds like a lazy summer afternoon and concludes with the crisp clarity of a fall dawn .
of the most visually stunning and thematically moving epics in recent memory
, the new thriller proves that director M. Night Shyamalan can weave an eerie spell and that Mel Gibson can gasp , shudder and even tremble without losing his machismo .
worth seeing
would make it the darling of many a kids-and-family-oriented cable channel
would notice -- but it 's a pleasurable trifle .
A compelling coming-of-age drama about the arduous journey of a sensitive young girl through a series of foster homes and a fierce struggle to pull free from her dangerous and domineering mother 's hold over her .
The Last Kiss will probably never achieve the popularity of My Big Fat Greek Wedding , but its provocative central wedding sequence has far more impact
See it now
putting together familiar themes of family , forgiveness and love in a new way --
good story
good will
good page-turner
good sense
good sparring partners
good stepping stone
good ethics while entertaining with its unconventionally wacky but loving family
good film
good fun
good gosh , will you be shocked .
's the kind of movie that makes you want to like it
poised to embark a major career as a commercial yet inventive filmmaker
stimulating
stimulate hours of post viewing discussion , if only to be reminded of who did what to whom and why
be blissfully exhausted
be an enjoyable choice for younger kids
be an astronaut
be appreciated equally as an abstract Frank Tashlin comedy and as a playful recapitulation of the artist 's career
be as subtle and touching as The Son 's Room
'll be entertained as well
According to Wendigo , ` nature ' loves the members of the upper class almost as much as they love themselves .
the intrigue and suspense
Werner Herzog can still leave us with a sense of wonder at the diverse , marvelously twisted shapes history has taken
Wendigo is a genuinely bone-chilling tale .
Wendigo , Larry Fessenden 's spooky new thriller , is a refreshingly smart and newfangled variation on several themes derived from far less sophisticated and knowing horror films .
Wen 's messages are profound and thoughtfully delivered
a clever pseudo-bio that manages to have a good time as it doles out pieces of the famous director 's life
a clever thriller with enough unexpected twists to keep our interest
a clever exercise in neo-Hitchcockianism
a clever pseudo-bio
a clever and cutting , quick and dirty look at modern living and movie life
a clever exercise
to pull together easily accessible stories that resonate with profundity
rather precious
merrily
rather stunning
finished film
a side of contemporary Chinese life that many outsiders will be surprised to know exists , and does so with an artistry that also smacks of revelation .
a side of contemporary Chinese life that many outsiders will be surprised to know
a sight to behold
to prove a female director can make a movie with no soft edges
like much more than I actually did .
slightly better than Men in Black 2 as far as slapdash extraterrestrial comedies go
controversial eponymous and fiercely atheistic hero
convenient
controversial eponymous and fiercely atheistic
controlled , passionate adaptation of Graham Greene 's 1955 novel .
slump for director Sam Mendes , who segues from Oscar winner to Oscar-winning potential with a smooth sleight of hand .
conventional , well-acted tale
ca n't compare Friday After Next to them
a psychologically rich and suspenseful moral
a scathing portrayal of a powerful entity strangling the life out
a scathing portrayal of a powerful entity strangling the life out of the people who want to believe in it the most
a satisfying evening
a satisfying evening at the multiplex
the pictures do the punching
shrewd , powerful act
A quirky comedy
A quasi-documentary by French filmmaker Karim Dridi that celebrates the hardy spirit of Cuban music .
A quasi-documentary by French filmmaker Karim Dridi that celebrates the hardy spirit of Cuban music
A pretty funny movie , with most of the humor coming , as before , from the incongruous but chemically perfect teaming of Crystal and De Niro .
rewarded with some fine acting
The film , while not exactly assured in its execution , is notable for its sheer audacity and openness .
The film does a solid job of slowly , steadily building up to the climactic burst of violence .
It throws quirky characters , odd situations , and off-kilter dialogue at us , all as if to say , `` Look at this !
It strikes hardest ... when it reminds you how pertinent its dynamics remain .
The film , despite the gratuitous cinematic distractions impressed upon it , is still good fun .
the heart , the mind
showed that the road to hell is paved with good intentions
the importance of the musicians
show how its done
should work its magic in other parts of the world
sharp comedy ,
sharp comedy
sharp comedy , old-fashioned monster movie atmospherics ,
sharp comedy , old-fashioned monster movie atmospherics
sharp comedy , old-fashioned monster movie atmospherics , and genuine heart
sharp comedy , old-fashioned monster movie atmospherics , and
sharper , cleaner
sharper
sharper , cleaner script
sharper , cleaner camera lens
is remarkably engaging despite being noticeably derivative of Goodfellas and at least a half dozen other trouble-in-the-ghetto flicks
is reasonably well-done
rebirth
reasons enough to see it
perfect ingredients
its own solemnity
the script carries Arnold ( and the viewers ) into the forbidden zone of sympathizing with terrorist motivations by presenting the '' other side of the story . ''
its poignant and uplifting story
overwhelming pleasure
overwhelmingly positive portrayal
A vivid , sometimes surreal , glimpse into the mysteries of human behavior .
does justice both to Stevenson and to the sci-fi genre
does justice
does full honor to Miyazaki 's teeming and often unsettling landscape , and to the conflicted complexity of his characters .
does full honor to Miyazaki 's teeming and often unsettling landscape , and to the conflicted complexity of his characters
does give a taste of the Burning Man ethos , an appealing blend of counter-cultural idealism and hedonistic creativity .
does give a taste of the Burning Man ethos , an appealing blend of counter-cultural idealism and hedonistic creativity
does everything
does full honor
on the edge of your seat
on the economics of dealing and the pathology of ghetto fabulousness
makes its message resonate .
makes it not only a detailed historical document , but an engaging and moving portrait of a subculture
and the trio 's absorbing narrative is a heart-wrenching showcase indeed .
and the preteen girls who worship Lil ' Bow Wow
and the inimitable Walken especially
and the performances of the young players are utterly convincing .
and the pleasures of over-the-top love
its own rules regarding love and family , governance and hierarchy
that wonderfully
idealistic kid
ideally
hip ,
ideal casting
subtle
stylistically
stylistic
the smarter offerings the horror genre
concerned with aggrandizing madness , not the man
Giggling at the absurdities and
concentration
compromised and
Fairy-tale formula , serves as a paper skeleton for some very good acting , dialogue , comedy , direction and especially charm .
Fahrenheit 451
sprung to life
squeeze the action and our emotions
Still , the updated Dickensian sensibility of writer Craig Bartlett 's story is appealing .
Stock up on silver bullets for director Neil Marshall 's intense freight train of a film . '
than another '' Best Man '' clone by weaving a theme throughout this funny film
give them credit for : The message of the movie
give them a good time
, imaginative kid 's movie
give exposure to some talented performers
give life
give it considerable punch .
give performances of exceptional honesty
give the film a soul and an unabashed sense of good old-fashioned escapism
give performances of exceptional honesty .
saw an audience laugh so much during a movie
decent actors
decent acting , writing , and direction
decent endeavor
decent children 's
decent laughs
, Duvall ( also a producer ) peels layers from this character that may well not have existed on paper .
, E . T . remains the most wondrous of all Hollywood fantasies -- and the apex of Steven Spielberg 's misunderstood career .
, Cinema Paradiso stands as one of the great films about movie love .
, City By The Sea would slip under the waves . He drags it back , single-handed .
, Davis ' highly personal brand of romantic comedy is a tart , smart breath of fresh air
the great Daniel Auteuil , '' Sade ''
astringent , darkly funny
the greater beause director Zhang 's last film , the cuddly Shower , was a non-threatening multi-character piece centered around a public bath house
the greatest natural sportsmen
the greatest natural sportsmen of modern times
uses stereotypes in a delightful blend of sweet romance and lovingly
uses stereotypes in a delightful blend of sweet romance and
uses stereotypes in a delightful blend of sweet romance
Seems based on ugly ideas instead of ugly behavior , as Happiness was ... Hence , Storytelling is far more appealing .
Seeks to transcend its genre with a curiously stylized , quasi-Shakespearean portrait of pure misogynist evil .
I found What Time ? to be more engaging on an emotional level , funnier , and on the whole less detached
I enjoyed it just as much
I enjoyed Barbershop . It 's a funny little movie with clever dialogue and likeable characters
cheerful enough
cheerful enough but
cheerful , built to inspire the young people , set to an unending soundtrack of beach party pop numbers and aside from its remarkable camerawork and awesome scenery
will probably rank as one of Murphy 's better performances in one of his lesser-praised movies
astonishing voice cast
director Denis Villeneuve 's beating heart and the fondness he has for his characters
director Carlos Carrera expertly weaves this novelistic story of entangled interrelationships and complex morality .
director Anne-Sophie Birot 's first feature is a sensitive , extraordinarily well-acted drama .
The saturation bombing of Reggio 's images and Glass ' evocative music ...
The result is mesmerizing -- filled with menace and squalor .
The reason this picture works better than its predecessors is that Myers is no longer simply spoofing the mini-mod-madness of '60s spy movies .
yet another chance
most powerful thing
most powerful
a lush , swooning melodrama in the Intermezzo strain
most significant moviegoing pleasures
a major movie
a surprising , subtle turn at the midway point
Kind
King Lear
a surprising , subtle turn
's easily his finest American film
's easily his finest American film ... comes close to recapturing the brilliance of his Hong Kong films
's both a necessary political work and a fascinating documentary ...
's definitely -- defiantly -- ya ya , what with all of those terrific songs and spirited performances
a genuinely honest moment
's extremely well played and often very funny
remaining one of the most savagely hilarious social critics this side of Jonathan Swift
remaining one of the most savagely hilarious social critics
you 're watching a serious actioner ; the next
unexpectedly moving meditation
acceptable
An uneven but intriguing drama
An offbeat , sometimes gross and surprisingly appealing animated film about the true meaning of the holidays .
An offbeat , sometimes gross and surprisingly appealing animated film about the true meaning of the holidays
An offbeat , sometimes gross and surprisingly appealing animated film
An irresistible combination of a rousing good story set on a truly grand scale .
An irresistible combination of a rousing good story
An irresistible combination
An uneven but intriguing drama that is part homage and part remake of the Italian masterpiece .
rousing
unexpected twists
, splashy and entertainingly nasty
those who love alternate versions of the Bard , particularly
of things he does well
all , a great party
alive and admirable
all , an interesting look at the life of the campaign-trail press , especially ones that do n't really care for the candidate
of this sparklingly inventive and artful , always fast and furious tale
of Mexico 's most colorful and controversial artists
of Miller 's strange , fleeting brew of hopeful perseverance and hopeless closure
of Neil Burger 's impressive fake documentary
of New York 's finest and a nicely understated expression of the grief
of Oscar-winners
season
searing performances
seduction ,
performers who rarely work in movies now
perfectly pitched web
perfectly rendered
perfectly rendered period piece
perform
Randall Wallace
Rae
of advocacy cinema that carries you along in a torrent of emotion as it explores the awful complications of one terrifying day
of all Hollywood fantasies
there 's no way you wo n't be talking about the film once you exit the theater .
Zany , exuberantly irreverent animated space adventure .
Zhang Yimou delivers warm , genuine characters who lie not through dishonesty , but because they genuinely believe it 's the only way to bring happiness to their loved ones .
been an impacting film
who the main characters are until the film is well under way -- and yet it 's hard to stop watching
You 'd have to be a most hard-hearted person not to be moved by this drama .
you 're likely to see all year .
's still quite worth
's still quite worth seeing
's still a guilty pleasure to watch .
's still a guilty pleasure to watch
's still entertaining to watch the target practice .
's still entertaining to watch the target practice
)
( shyamalan ) turns the goose-pimple genre on its empty head and fills it with spirit , purpose and emotionally bruised characters who add up to more than body count
a familiar story , but one that is presented with great sympathy and intelligence
on the deep deceptions of innocence
your brain in a way few current films do
your arms
young women of any size receive
could say `` Thank God It 's Friday ''
coupled with some ingenious plot devices and some
a solid build-up , a terrific climax
a solid build-up , a terrific climax ,
a solid performance
a solid performance by Arliss Howard
be a thriller
cool , and
cool ,
cool
correctly
correctly , wilde 's play is a masterpiece of elegant wit and artifice
serves up with style and empathy
See it .
Seen in that light , Moonlight Mile should strike a nerve in many .
Secretary '' is owned by its costars , Spader and Gyllenhaal .
the most transporting or gripping film from Iran
on the cinematic front , look no further than this 20th anniversary edition of the film that Spielberg calls
Invigorating , surreal , and resonant with a rainbow of emotion .
The mesmerizing performances of the leads
The mesmerizing performances
The leaping story line , shaped by director Peter Kosminsky into sharp slivers and cutting impressions , shows all the signs of rich detail condensed into a few evocative images and striking character traits .
The mark of a respectable summer blockbuster is one of two things : unadulterated thrills or genuine laughs .
The mark of a respectable summer blockbuster
hits all the verbal marks it should
hits all the verbal marks it should .
because of two marvelous performances by Michael Caine and Brendan Fraser
naiveté , passion and talent
our most flamboyant female comics
Inventive , fun
meal
Invigorating , surreal , and resonant
a nonstop parade
The emotion is impressively true for being so hot-blooded
The dragons are the real stars of Reign of Fire and
The dragons are the real stars of Reign of Fire and you wo n't be disappointed .
The dragons are the real stars of Reign of Fire and you wo n't be disappointed
The director , Mark Pellington , does a terrific job conjuring up a sinister , menacing atmosphere though unfortunately all the story gives us is flashing red lights , a rattling noise , and a bump on the head .
and invaluable
and is enormous fun for thinking audiences
and it 's rather messy -- but you just have to love the big , dumb , happy movie My Big Fat Greek Wedding .
and its stirring epilogue in post-Soviet Russia
and keeps you guessing from first frame to last
and love
nails all of Orlean 's themes
the year 's most accomplished
Davis ... gets vivid performances from her cast and pulls off some deft Ally McBeal-style fantasy sequences .
into the kiddie sensibilities
n utterly charming and hilarious film that reminded me of the best of the Disney comedies from the 60s .
Ramsay and Morton fill this character study with poetic force and buoyant feeling .
simon leys ' novel ''
to anyone who loves both dance and cinema
sporting a breezy spontaneity and
spook-a-rama
a raw exhilaration about it
the most high-concept sci fi adventures
a real deal
engaging , imaginative
engaging , imaginative filmmaking
engaging , imaginative filmmaking in its nearly 2 1\/2
enjoy
enjoy the movie
enjoyable
is interesting and fun to see Goodall and her chimpanzees on the bigger-than-life screen
is interesting and fun to see Goodall and her chimpanzees on the bigger-than-life screen .
is intensely personal and yet -- unlike Quills -- deftly shows us the temper of the times
the feral intensity of the young Bette Davis
found it intriguing , bizarre , Dogma-like in spots - and quite truthful ,
is incredible
elegant technology for the masses
remind us of brilliant crime dramas
a rich historical subject
is its low-key quality and genuine tenderness
helps to give them an atavistic power
a rich subject and some fantastic moments and scenes
is its low-key quality and genuine tenderness .
a riot to see Rob Schneider in a young woman 's clothes
a rich subject
a rich subject and
to the nonconformist in us all
a delightfully unpredictable , hilarious comedy
a delightfully unpredictable , hilarious comedy with wonderful performances that tug at your heart in ways that utterly transcend gender labels .
a delightfully unpredictable , hilarious comedy with wonderful performances that tug at your heart in ways that utterly transcend gender
the big metaphorical wave that is life -- wherever it takes you
a deeply humanistic artist who , in spite of all that he 's witnessed , remains surprisingly idealistic
overcoming-obstacles sports-movie triumph
a definitely distinctive screen presence
a defiantly retro chord
of a troubadour , his acolytes , and the triumph of his band
With a story as bizarre and mysterious as this
seem appealing
lyricism and profound common sense
to students and enthusiast of international dance and world music
to strong , credible performances from the whole
set in a remote African empire before cell phones , guns , and the internal combustion engine
sets out
third or fourth viewing
of Guy Ritchie
of High Art
arrives at its heart , as simple self-reflection meditation
arrives at its heart , as simple self-reflection meditation .
slightly humorous and tender
arriving at a particularly dark moment in history , it offers flickering reminders of the ties that bind us
An erotic thriller that
courage -- and complicity --
courage -- and complicity -- at Auschwitz
Cool
Complex , affecting and uniquely Almodóvar , the film evokes strong emotions and pushes viewers to question their deepest notions of moral right and wrong .
Complex
Complex , affecting and uniquely Almodóvar
his greatest triumph
his greatest triumph is keeping the creepy crawlies hidden in the film 's thick shadows
comedy since Being John Malkovich
filmmakers and performers of this calibre
Charlotte Sometimes is a gem . It 's always enthralling .
Charming ,
Charlotte Sometimes
Charlotte Sometimes is a gem .
amiable picture
either of those movies
elaborate choreography
either moderately amusing
either moderately amusing or
a landmark in film history
's a solid movie about people whose lives are anything but .
of visual amazement
's a square , sentimental drama that satisfies , as comfort food often can .
conceptual feat
that is miraculously able to entertain anyway
should appreciate its whimsical humor
should attract upscale audiences hungry for quality and a nostalgic , twisty yarn that will keep them guessing
that is as bold as anything the cinema
that is both moving and wise
that is at once exhilarating , silly , perverse , hopeful and always fun
that is done by the supposedly liberal media ... to the intimate and ultimately tragic heartache of maverick individuals like Hatfield and Hicks
should be commended for illustrating the merits of fighting hard for something that really matters
that is enlightening -- and how appreciative you are of this depends on your level of fandom
that is enlightening
no sugar-coating or interludes of lightness
Iranian drama
Inuit masterpiece
Intriguing and downright intoxicating
Intensely romantic , thought-provoking and even an engaging mystery .
a universally interesting soul
major stunt Seagal 's
's astonishing
's assured , wonderfully respectful of its past and thrilling enough to make it abundantly clear that this movie phenomenon has once again reinvented itself for a new generation
's an intriguing look at two performers who put themselves out there because they love what they do .
's an intriguing look at two performers who put themselves out there because they love what they do
's an unpretentious , sociologically pointed slice of life
's as close as anyone has dared to come
's approached with imagination and flair
's as close as we 'll ever come to looking through a photographer 's viewfinder as he works .
's as close as we 'll ever come to looking through a photographer 's viewfinder as he works
If you 're looking for a smart , nuanced look at de Sade and what might have happened at Picpus , Sade is your film .
Me no lika da accents so good , but I thoroughly enjoyed the love story
Me Without You has a bracing truth that 's refreshing after the phoniness of female-bonding pictures like Divine Secrets of the Ya-Ya Sisterhood .
Johnny Dankworth 's best soundtrack in years
Johnny Dankworth 's best soundtrack
the skewed melodrama
It is a happy , heady jumble of thought and storytelling , an insane comic undertaking that ultimately coheres into a sane and breathtakingly creative film .
the six musical numbers crystallize key plot moments into minutely detailed wonders of dreamlike ecstasy .
It is OK for a movie to be something of a sitcom apparatus , if the lines work , the humor has point and
It is OK for a movie to be something of a sitcom apparatus , if the lines work , the humor has point and the actors are humanly engaged
It is OK for a movie to be something of a sitcom apparatus , if the lines work , the humor has point and the actors are humanly engaged .
It is Scott 's convincing portrayal of Roger the sad cad that really gives the film its oomph .
It is OK for a movie to be something of a sitcom apparatus
It is OK for a movie to be something of a sitcom apparatus ,
It is OK for a movie to be something of a sitcom apparatus , if the lines work , the humor has point
a vastly improved Germanic version
a valiant effort to understand everyone 's point of view
a valiant attempt to tell a story about the Vietnam War before the pathology set in
a very distinctive sensibility ,
a very distinctive sensibility
a vastly improved Germanic version of My Big Fat Greek Wedding
a very entertaining , thought-provoking film
a very distinctive sensibility , working to develop her own film language with conspicuous success
an exceedingly clever piece of cinema .
an enthusiastic charm in Fire that makes the formula fresh again
an exceedingly clever piece of cinema
of heartfelt performances
of heartwarming
of great charm , generosity and diplomacy
of her profession
world-class
reassures us that he will once again be an honest and loving one .
contribute to a mood that 's sustained through the surprisingly somber conclusion
reason to go
reasonably well-done
reassures us
reassures us that he will once again be an honest and loving one
reasons to watch the film , which director Gerardo Vera has drenched in swoony music and fever-pitched melodrama
reassures
second helpings
second helpings of love , romance , tragedy , false dawns , real dawns , comic relief
contribute to a mood that 's sustained through the surprisingly somber conclusion .
reflecting the character 's instability
the middle , the film compels ,
the middle , the film compels
spiked with raw urban humor
spikes of sly humor
spiffy animated feature
spiffy
spiked by jolts of pop music
spins the multiple stories in a vibrant and intoxicating fashion
Home Movie '' is a sweet treasure and something well worth your time .
It seems like I have been waiting my whole life for this movie and now I ca n't wait for the sequel
It seems like I have been waiting my whole life for this movie and
It seems like I have been waiting my whole life for this movie
It will grip even viewers who are n't interested in rap , as it cuts to the heart of American society in an unnerving way .
It wants to tweak them with a taste of tangy new humor .
It seems like I have been waiting my whole life for this movie and now I ca n't wait for the sequel .
is a nonstop hoot
is a no-bull throwback to 1970s action films
is a no-bull throwback to 1970s action films .
is a nicely handled affair , a film about human darkness but etched with a light ( yet unsentimental ) touch
is a movie that tells stories that work -- is charming , is moving
is a movie that deserves recommendation
breathes surprising new life into the familiar by amalgamating genres and adding true human complexity to its not-so-stock characters . '
being pushed and pulled ( literally and figuratively ) by desire ...
being pushed and pulled ( literally and figuratively ) by desire ... ( Sex and Lucía ) makes for an arousing good time
believe it
believe it or
is really only one movie 's worth of decent gags
warm your heart without making you feel guilty about it .
warmed over pastiche
is poised for titillation , raw insight or both
is poised for titillation , raw insight or both .
is owned by its costars , Spader and Gyllenhaal .
as big a crowdpleaser as
a big splash
is profound
invented
inventive
introduces a promising , unusual kind of psychological horror
introduces
involvement
involved with the story
superstar
The most amazing super-sized dosage of goofball stunts any `` Jackass '' fan could want .
The most brilliant and brutal UK crime film since Jack Carter went back to Newcastle , the first half of Gangster No. 1 drips with style and , at times , blood .
The mood , look and tone of the film fit the incredible storyline to a T.
The most amazing super-sized dosage of goofball stunts any `` Jackass '' fan
The most memorable moment
live a rich and full life
your wildest fantasies
live in if Argento 's Hollywood counterparts ... had this much imagination and nerve
Some actors have so much charisma that you 'd be happy to listen to them reading the phone book . Hugh Grant and Sandra Bullock are two such likeable actors .
Some actors have so much charisma that you 'd be happy to listen to them reading the phone book .
Solid , lump-in-the-throat family entertainment that derives its power by sticking to the facts .
Solid
fuzzy
will probably have a reasonably good time with The Salton Sea .
will probably please people
will prove absorbing to American audiences
gasp appalled and laugh outraged
the John Wayne classics
the dispatching of the cast is as often imaginative as it is gory
of smart jokes
the hysteria
the humor and humanity that root it in feeling
of sharp writing
This is an egotistical endeavor from the daughter of horror director Dario Argento ( a producer here ) , but her raw performance and utter fearlessness make it strangely magnetic
appearing on behalf of a good cause
appealing job
appealing ingredients
that the beauty and power of the opera reside primarily in the music itself
should not be missed
the brawn
are often infectious
are just that damn good .
the bravery and dedication
are rewarded by brutal , committed performances from Huppert and Magimel .
are rewarded by brutal , committed performances from Huppert and Magimel
seen City
as brave and challenging
a spark of new inspiration in it
a remarkably solid and subtly satirical tour de force
a sound machine
a rewarding balance
The Transporter is running purely on adrenaline
The Truth About Charlie
a rewarding balance between emotion on the human scale
the top actors
a roller-coaster ride
of unabashed hero worship
at the helm
a manga-like heroine who fights back at her abusers
a mask , Splat-Man ! Good old-fashioned slash-and-hack
to his best work
The touch is generally light enough and
to live , but a fine little amuse-bouche to keep your appetite
to have settled comfortably into her skin
-- a nice , harmless date film
Lasker 's canny , meditative script distances sex and love , as Byron and Luther ...
The touch is generally light enough
entertaining two hours . You get the idea , though , that Kapur intended the film to be more than that .
entertaining two hours .
entertaining and suggestive
favour
of help from the screenplay ( proficient , but singularly cursory )
, kid-friendly outing
, joyous romp of a film .
laugh-a-minute crowd pleaser
, it works beautifully as a movie without sacrificing the integrity of the opera .
, it will be well worth your time .
lauded for finding a new and ingenious angle
laugh-a-minute
lauded
celebratory verve
certainly be keeping an eye out for his next project
change , risk and romance
change America , not only because it is full of necessary discussion points , but because it is so accessible that it makes complex politics understandable to viewers looking for nothing but energetic entertainment
can testify to the comparative accuracy of Ms . Vardalos ' memories and insights .
celebratory
, but the average is higher than in Mary and most other recent comedies .
, but the miracle of Shainberg 's film is that it truly is romance
, but these are performances to enjoy in a memorable ensemble piece .
, but there 's no mistaking the filmmaker in the tall grass , true to himself .
, but they 're each interesting .
, but they 'll register strongly with anybody who still retains a soft spot for precollegiate humor .
The good is very , very good ...
The good is very , very good ... The rest runs from mildly unimpressive to despairingly awful
The gifted Crudup has the perfect face to play a handsome blank yearning to find himself ,
The gifted Crudup has the perfect face to play a handsome blank yearning to find himself , and
affectionately goofy
his documentary To Be and to Have , easily one of the best films of the year
those reputedly '' unfilmable '' novels that has bucked the odds to emerge as an exquisite motion picture in its own right
those energetic surprises
thoroughly enjoyed themselves and believed in their small-budget film
thoroughly entertaining
thoroughly entertaining comedy that
play well in European markets , where Mr. Besson is a brand name , and in Asia , where Ms. Shu is an institution
yes , by all means enjoy The New Guy
love to come from an American director in years
love it , too .
love it , too
love it ... hell
love it ...
love song
love the film
love story for those intolerant of the more common saccharine genre .
yet another sexual taboo into a really funny movie
succeeded
of the series you 'll love it and probably want to see it twice .
of the quirks of fame . His healthy sense of satire is light and fun
of the rare directors who feels acting is the heart and soul of cinema . He allows his cast members to make creative contributions to the story and dialogue . This method almost never fails him , and it works superbly here
and whirling fight sequences
Dramas like this make it human .
Droll caper-comedy remake of `` Big Deal on Madonna Street '' that 's a sly , amusing , laugh-filled little gem in which the ultimate `` Bellini '' begins to look like a `` real Kaputschnik .
Droll caper-comedy remake of `` Big Deal on Madonna Street '' that 's a sly , amusing , laugh-filled little gem in which the ultimate `` Bellini '' begins to look like a `` real Kaputschnik
with memorable zingers
An engrossing portrait of uncompromising artists trying to create something original against the backdrop of a corporate music industry that only seems to care about the bottom line
An engrossing portrait of uncompromising artists trying to create something original against the backdrop of a corporate music industry that only seems to care about the bottom line .
An engrossing story
An engrossing Iranian film about two itinerant teachers and some lost and desolate people
An engrossing Iranian film about two itinerant teachers and some lost and desolate people they encounter in a place where war has savaged the lives and liberties of the poor and the dispossessed .
An engrossing portrait of uncompromising artists trying to create something original
An engrossing portrait of uncompromising artists trying to create something original against the backdrop
An engrossing story that combines psychological drama , sociological reflection , and high-octane thriller .
An enjoyable above average summer diversion
of the greatest romantic comedies
giddy and whimsical and relevant today
gifted performers
gifted artists
giggle-inducing comedy
giggle-inducing
well-written , well-edited , well-directed , well-acted , bald
Lyne 's stolid remake
M . I . T .
the overall experience is awesome
been a lighthearted comedy
For proof of that on the cinematic front , look no further than this 20th anniversary edition of the film that Spielberg calls
been 20 years since 48
colorful world
the outstanding thrillers of recent years
For decades we 've marveled at Disney 's rendering of water , snow , flames and shadows in a hand-drawn animated world .
alternately touching and funny
alternately melancholic , hopeful and strangely funny
alternately melancholic , hopeful
Bees Knees
match that movie 's intermittent moments of inspiration
buy the soundtrack
This is a good script , good dialogue , funny even for adults .
This is a gorgeous film - vivid with color , music and life .
This is a children 's film in the truest sense .
This is a more fascinating look at the future than `` Bladerunner '' and one of the most high-concept sci fi adventures attempted for the screen .
This is a movie that is what it is : a pleasant distraction , a Friday night diversion , an excuse to eat popcorn .
` Magnifique '
Maguire makes it a comic book with soul
to care about the character
- relationship study
- murder-suicide fandango with great cinematic innovation
- with honest performances and realistic interaction between the characters , this is a coming-of-age story with a twist .
- relationship study he 's favored for decades
deserved all the hearts it won -- and wins still , 20 years later
- meets-new mesh is incarnated in the movie 's soundtrack , a joyful effusion of disco Bollywood that , by the end of Monsoon Wedding , sent my spirit soaring out of the theater .
of laughs -- sometimes a chuckle , sometimes a guffaw and , to my great pleasure , the occasional belly laugh
confirms her power once again
received such a sophisticated and unsentimental treatment on the big screen
received such a sophisticated and unsentimental treatment on the big screen as they do in this marvelous film
recalls the Cary Grant of Room for One More , Houseboat and Father Goose in its affectionate depiction of the gentle war between a reluctant , irresponsible man and the kid who latches onto him .
recapitulation
Have Fun
of laughs in this simple , sweet and romantic comedy
's most memorable about Circuit
's never too late to believe in your dreams .
to lighten things up
that really tells the tale
learning to compromise with reality enough to become comparatively sane and healthy
The film 's constant mood of melancholy and its unhurried narrative are masterfully controlled . But
the most transporting or gripping film from Iran --
that relies on lingering terror punctuated by sudden shocks and not constant bloodshed
it 's true
one 's appetite for the Bollywood films
You never know where Changing Lanes is going to take you
a couple of good performances
Trying to Break Your Heart an attraction it desperately needed
Try as you might to resist , if you 've got a place in your heart for Smokey Robinson
Try as you might to resist , if you 've got a place in your heart for Smokey Robinson , this movie will worm its way there .
is sweet
is superbly acted by the deeply appealing veteran Bouquet and the chilling but quite human Berling .
is suffused with complexity .
is superbly acted by the deeply appealing veteran Bouquet and the chilling but quite human Berling
is successful as a film , while at the same time being a most touching reconsideration of the familiar masterpiece .
is suffused with complexity
a grand tour
a gorgeous pair
a grand tour through 300 hundred years of Russian cultural identity and a stunning technical achievement
a great combination act
a great , fiery passion
is that despite its overt self-awareness , parts of the movie still manage to break past the artifice and thoroughly engage you
archival footage , horrifying documents of lynchings , still photographs
applaud or
his rental car
his reserved but existential poignancy
are all spot on
his prime
might to resist , if you 've got a place in your heart for Smokey Robinson
might like and more experimental in its storytelling
might just be the movie you 're looking for
of a lost soul trying to find her way through life .
remarkably alluring
will no doubt rally to its cause , trotting out threadbare standbys like ` masterpiece ' and ` triumph ' and all that malarkey ,
those who have reached the absolute top of the game
in kicking around a raison d'etre that 's as fresh-faced as its young-guns cast
in its willingness to explore its principal characters with honesty , insight and humor
in its sparkling beauty
for intelligibility
To enjoy this movie 's sharp dialogue and delightful performance by Jolie and Burns
merely way-cool by a basic , credible compassion
elevate it beyond its formula to the level of classic romantic comedy to which it aspires
elevates itself
elegantly crafted as it often is
elegantly considers various levels of reality and
elegantly considers various levels of reality and uses shifting points of view
is one of this year 's very best pictures .
have n't seen such hilarity since Say It Is n't So !
have n't seen such hilarity since Say It Is n't So
have never been more appropriate .
is one of those reputedly '' unfilmable '' novels that has bucked the odds to emerge as an exquisite motion picture in its own right
examines general issues of race and justice among the poor , and specifically raises serious questions about the death penalty and asks what good the execution of a mentally challenged woman could possibly do .
examines the intimate , unguarded moments of folks who live in unusual homes -- which pop up in nearly every corner of the country
examines general issues of race and justice among the poor , and specifically raises serious questions about the death penalty and asks what good the execution of a mentally challenged woman could possibly do
with intelligence and care
arrive on the big screen with their super-powers , their super-simple animation and their super-dooper-adorability intact .
, making it rousing , invigorating fun lacking any MTV puffery
, neurotic , and self-absorbed Martha as her heart begins to open
, its vistas are incredibly beautiful to look at .
, lump-in-the-throat family entertainment that derives its power by sticking to the facts .
self-discovery
self-importance
provides a strong itch to explore more
provides a reasonably attractive holiday contraption , one that families looking for a clean , kid-friendly outing should investigate
provides more than enough sentimental catharsis for a satisfying evening at the multiplex
provides an accessible introduction as well as some intelligent observations on the success of Bollywood in the Western world .
provides an accessible introduction as well as some intelligent observations on the success of Bollywood in the Western world
provides an accessible introduction as well as some intelligent observations on the success of Bollywood
its shocking start
its power by sticking to the facts
Harmless
to be taken seriously
produced in recent memory , even if it 's far tamer than advertised
evocative shades
discover that Tian 's meticulous talent has not withered during his enforced hiatus
evocative imagery
evocative and heartfelt
are pitted against shimmering cinematography that lends the setting the ethereal beauty of an Asian landscape painting
are pitted against shimmering cinematography that lends the setting the ethereal beauty of an Asian landscape painting .
evokes the blithe rebel fantasy with the kind of insouciance embedded in the sexy demise of James Dean .
are pretty valuable
are pretty valuable these days
evokes the blithe rebel fantasy with the kind of insouciance embedded in the sexy demise of James Dean
a natural sense for what works
a natural , unforced style that makes its characters
a multilayered work
a must
a multilayered work that tackles any number of fascinating issues
vowing , `
vowing , ` This is going to be something really good . '
caliber cast
the virtues of comradeship and community
is inspiring , ironic , and revelatory of just how ridiculous and money-oriented the record industry really is . It is also a testament to the integrity and vision of the band .
is intelligently
is intelligently accomplished
is infectious .
is inspiring
is inspiring ,
is inspiring , ironic , and revelatory of just
A portrait of hell so shattering it 's impossible to shake .
A powerful and telling story that examines
A powerful and telling story
no scene that screams '' bathroom break
no simple movie
standout performance
standout
Happily for Mr. Chin
of love and companionship
of intelligent humor
should have a stirring time at this beautifully drawn movie
the search for inner peace
is one of the rare directors who feels acting is the heart and soul of cinema . He allows his cast members to make creative contributions to the story and dialogue . This method almost never fails him , and it works superbly here
feels like it 's going to be great
put away the guitar ,
the virtues of simplicity and economy
as aggressively impressive as its American counterpart
as an intellectual exercise -- an unpleasant debate that 's been given the drive of a narrative and that 's been acted out -- The Believer is nothing less than a provocative piece of work
the virtues of comradeship and community in a spunky , spirited fashion
good-humored ethnic comedy
the brilliance of his Hong Kong films
Some are fascinating and others are not , and in the end , it is almost a good movie
Some are fascinating and
thrusts the audience
closer than many movies
liking Showgirls
likely to leave a lasting impression
quite sure
you can actually feel good
for true fans
Corny , schmaltzy and predictable , but still manages to be kind of heartwarming , nonetheless .
Could I have been more geeked when I heard that Apollo 13 was going to be released in IMAX format
Could I have been more geeked when I heard that Apollo 13 was going to be released in IMAX format ?
Coppola , along with his sister , Sofia , is a real filmmaker
the world 's most fascinating stories
thumpingly
's not as awful as some of the recent Hollywood trip tripe
, Treasure Planet is better-than-average family entertainment
The cinematic equivalent
will forgive the flaws and love the film .
will guarantee to have you leaving the theater with a smile on your face .
, The Queen of the Damned can not be said to suck
will grab you
, The Pinochet Case
, a celebration of living , and a sobering rumination
less by wow factors than by its funny , moving yarn that holds up well after two decades
But it could be , by its art and heart , a necessary one .
But it also has many of the things that made the first one charming .
, a blast of shallow magnificence that only sex , scandal , and a chorus line of dangerous damsels can deliver .
on an elegant visual sense and a talent
the best Next Generation episodes
the best Korean film of 2002
, politically charged tapestry
intelligent romantic thriller
intelligent people
intelligent , multi-layered and profoundly humanist ( not to mention gently political ) meditation
intelligent , life-affirming script
intelligence and verve
intelligence and subtlety
intelligent observations
intelligent flick
intelligent and deeply
intelligent , realistic portrayal
topnotch
a sensitive , extraordinarily well-acted drama
a sense of epic struggle -- inner and outer -- that 's all too rare in Hollywood 's hastier productions
a sense of playfulness and excitement
a seamless ensemble . There is n't a weak or careless performance
a self-conscious performer
a script that no human screenwriter could have hoped to match
a seamless ensemble .
pleasant distraction
a serious read , filled with heavy doses of always enticing Sayles dialogue
This warm and gentle romantic comedy has enough interesting characters to fill several movies , and its ample charms should win over the most hard-hearted cynics
torn book jacket
This version 's no classic like its predecessor , but its pleasures are still plentiful
mortal awareness
so many explosions
In its understanding , often funny way
In its understanding , often funny way , it tells a story whose restatement is validated by the changing composition of the nation .
mildly pleasant outing
character to avoid the fate that has befallen every other Carmen before her
naturalistic acting
unwrapped it early
In his debut as a director , Washington has a sure hand . His work with actors is particularly impressive .
comic energy
comic slugfest
coming close to bowling you over
comical
In its treatment of the dehumanizing and ego-destroying process of unemployment , Time Out offers an exploration that is more accurate than anything I have seen in an American film .
, and a great way for the American people
, an issue movie that 's so honest and keenly observed that it does n't feel like one .
, ambition and accomplishment
, absorbs us with the movie 's spycraft and uses Damon 's ability to be focused and sincere
, about real people , that gives us a rare glimpse into a culture most of us do n't know .
, a movie that deals with a real subject in an always surprising way
, a great actress tearing into a landmark role ,
, a fascinating film replete with rewards to be had by all willing to make the effort to reap them
funny with the material
funny story
funny popcorn
funny pace
funny or entertaining
funny or
funny no-brainer
funny yet
funny work
of drag queen , bearded lady and lactating hippie
of documentary , one that makes a depleted yesterday feel very much like a brand-new tomorrow
of dreamlike ecstasy
of dramatic enlightenment , the screenplay by Billy Ray and Terry George
of eager fans
, but three times in this animated sweet film
on the engaging
epic
entirety
entirely wholesome
Though it 's equally solipsistic in tone , the movie has enough vitality to justify the notion of creating a screen adaptation of Evans ' saga of Hollywood excess .
Though it 's equally solipsistic in tone
Though intrepid in exploring an attraction that crosses sexual identity , Ozpetek falls short in showing us Antonia 's true emotions ... But at the very least , His Secret Life will leave you thinking .
Though it lacks the utter authority of a genre gem , there 's a certain robustness to this engaging mix of love and bloodletting .
Though it runs 163 minutes , Safe Conduct is anything but languorous . It 's packed to bursting with incident , and with scores of characters , some fictional , some from history .
has finally , to some extent , warmed up to him
has finally made a movie that is n't just offensive
has found the perfect material with which to address his own World War II experience in his signature style
has found the perfect material with which to address his own World War II experience in his signature style .
has found with an devastating , eloquent clarity
naturally dramatic
offers large rewards
rank as one of Murphy 's better performances in one of his lesser-praised movies
is good for a few laughs , as are Chan and Hewitt
highly ambitious and personal
highlight reel
high-octane jolts
high-octane
high-spirited buddy movie
high-octane thriller
highly cerebral
highly ambitious and personal project
a more credible script , though
a more engaged and honest treatment
family comedy
a more credible script ,
somewhat crudely constructed but gripping , questing look at a person
masterful .
masterful . This makes Minority Report necessary viewing for sci-fi fans
marvelous performance
marvelous series
masterpiece .
masterpiece . It is , however , a completely honest , open-hearted
deeply emotional
so striking
so spot on
so recognizable and true that , as in real life , we 're never sure how things will work out
so potent
so pertinent and enduring
so perfect for a ballplayer
is a deftly wrought suspense yarn whose richer shadings work as coloring rather than substance .
is a deftly wrought suspense yarn whose richer shadings work as coloring rather than substance
is a clever and captivating romantic comedy with a welcome pinch of tartness .
is a clever and captivating romantic comedy with a welcome pinch of tartness
is a blast of educational energy , as bouncy animation and catchy songs escort you through the entire 85 minutes .
is a blast of educational energy , as bouncy animation and catchy songs escort you through the entire 85 minutes
is a distinguished and distinctive effort by a bona-fide master , a fascinating film replete with rewards to be had by all willing to make the effort to reap them .
fascinating -- and timely -- content
fascinating -- and timely --
fascinating , riveting story
fascinating profile
fascinating look
fascinating examination
fascinating character 's
fascinating they may be as history
an elegant visual sense and a talent
Filmmakers David Weissman and Bill Weber
Filmmakers David Weissman and Bill Weber benefit enormously from the Cockettes ' camera craziness -- not only did they film performances , but
Filmmakers David Weissman and Bill Weber benefit enormously from the Cockettes ' camera craziness -- not only did they film performances ,
Filmmakers David Weissman and Bill Weber benefit enormously from the Cockettes ' camera craziness -- not only did they film performances , but they did the same at home .
Filmmakers David Weissman and Bill Weber benefit enormously from the Cockettes ' camera craziness -- not only did they film performances , but they did the same at home
sometimes gross and surprisingly appealing animated film
the big hit
an emotionally complex , dramatically satisfying heroine
Poignant and delicately complex .
Poignant and delicately
Poignant and
Polanski is saying what he has long wanted to say , confronting the roots of his own preoccupations and obsessions
Polanski 's best film
Polanski is saying what he has long wanted to say , confronting the roots of his own preoccupations and obsessions , and he allows nothing to get in the way .
Polanski is saying what he has long wanted to say , confronting the roots of his own preoccupations and obsessions , and he allows nothing to get in the way
her pure fantasy character , Melanie Carmichael , with a massive infusion of old-fashioned Hollywood magic
the movie is loaded with good intentions ,
take on a striking new significance for anyone who sees the film
take on courtroom movies , a few nifty twists that are so crucial to the genre and another first-rate performance by top-billed star Bruce Willis
take on a great writer and dubious human being
take on courtroom movies , a few nifty twists that are so crucial to the genre and another first-rate performance by top-billed star Bruce Willis .
recommend it , because it overstays its natural running time
recommend ``
recommend SECRETARY , based on the wonderful acting clinic put on by Spader and Gyllenhaal
recommend it ,
recommend `` Never Again
the movie is loaded with good intentions
Boasts a handful of virtuosic set pieces and
Boasts a handful of virtuosic set pieces
Boasts a handful of virtuosic set pieces and offers a fair amount of trashy , kinky fun .
Boasts a handful of virtuosic set pieces and offers a fair amount of trashy , kinky fun
Boldly engineering a collision between tawdry B-movie flamboyance and grandiose spiritual anomie
Boldly
a very good job
a very good job conveying the issue at hand
a very sincere work
a very complex situation
the film does pack some serious suspense .
the film chimes in on the grieving process and strangely draws the audience into the unexplainable pain and eccentricities that are attached to the concept of loss .
the film comes off winningly , even though it 's never as solid as you want it to be
gives us compelling , damaged characters who we want to help -- or hurt
So vivid a portrait of a woman
So vivid a portrait
So vivid a portrait of a woman consumed by lust and love and crushed by betrayal that it conjures up the intoxicating fumes and emotional ghosts of a freshly painted Rembrandt .
Soderbergh is n't afraid to try any genre and to do it his own way .
Soderbergh 's Solaris is a gorgeous and deceptively minimalist cinematic tone poem .
Soderbergh skims the fat from the 1972 film .
a loosely autobiographical story brushed with sentimentality but brimming with gentle humor , bittersweet pathos
gives the neighborhood -- scenery , vibe and all -- the cinematic equivalent of a big , tender hug .
a loosely autobiographical story brushed with sentimentality but brimming with gentle humor , bittersweet pathos ,
as gifted as Hoffman
as fun ( and scary )
Subversive , meditative , clinical and poetic , The Piano Teacher is a daring work of genius .
's amazingly perceptive in its subtle , supportive but unsentimental look at the Marks family .
its make-believe promise of life that soars above the material realm
its lyrical variations on the game of love
will lead when given the opportunity
a compelling single feature
full of memorable performances from top
full of memorable performances from top to bottom
full of mirth that should charm all but the most cynical
full of sharp , smart satire
full-on
full-on space battle
fuller experience
decent-enough nail-biter
decent popcorn adventure
deceptively buoyant
sensual and funny
given audiences
writer-director Kurt Wimmer
write and deliver a one liner as well as anybody
-- definitely a step in the right direction
given a pedestrian spin
Haynes gets just about everything right .
Hawke draws out the best from his large cast in beautifully articulated portrayals that are subtle and so expressive they can sustain the poetic flights in Burdette 's dialogue .
Hawn 's
Hayek is stunning as Frida and ... a star-making project .
mettle
the film is competent
Crudup 's screen presence
the film itself is merely mildly charming
watchable stuff
watchable stuff .
Delight your senses and crash this wedding
Delight your senses and
Delight your senses
Delight
Deliciously mean-spirited and wryly observant .
Deliciously
Delia , Greta , and Paula rank as three of the most multilayered and sympathetic female characters of the year . As each of them searches for their place in the world , Miller digs into their very minds to find an unblinking , flawed humanity .
Croze to give herself over completely to the tormented persona of Bibi
The abiding impression
Intriguing and beautiful film
Intriguing and beautiful film , but those of you who read the book
Intriguing and beautiful film , but those of you who read the book are likely to be disappointed .
balance pointed , often incisive satire and unabashed sweetness
Irish writer Brendan Behan 's memoir , Borstal Boy , has been given a loving screen transferral .
serious actioner
Crudup 's screen presence is the one thing that holds interest in the midst of a mushy , existential exploration of why men leave their families .
is full of memorable performances from top to bottom
is full of fine performances , led by Josef Bierbichler as Brecht and Monica Bleibtreu as Helene Weigel , his wife .
the movie has a cinematic fluidity and sense of intelligence that makes it work more than it probably should .
friends
from a master filmmaker
frighteningly evocative
from his fellow cast , as there are plenty of laughs and good lines for everyone in this comedy
Crush is so warm and fuzzy you might be able to forgive its mean-spirited second half .
Although very much like the first movie based on J . K . Rowling 's phenomenal fantasy best sellers , this second go-round possesses a quite pleasing , headlong thrust and a likably delinquent attitude .
these great leaps of faith
these great leaps
lacks in depth it makes up for with its heart .
landmark movie
these are performances to enjoy in a memorable ensemble piece
overdose movies like `` Divine Secrets of the Ya Ya Sisterhood , '' except that the writing , acting and character development are a lot better
better than the fiction
better than the pitiful Insurrection
better than any summer blockbuster
better to go in knowing full well what 's going to happen , but willing to let the earnestness of its execution and skill of its cast take you down a familiar road with a few twists
we 're wrapped up in the characters , how they make their choices , and why
get top billing
get to see the one of the world 's best actors , Daniel Auteuil ,
gets beneath the surface of things .
on courtroom movies , a few nifty twists that are so crucial to the genre and another first-rate performance by top-billed star Bruce Willis
a movie theatre
can make undemanding action movies with all the alacrity of their Hollywood counterparts .
of pure wonderment and excitement
of pure finesse
of originality
nurtures the multi-layers of its characters ,
nurtures the multi-layers of its characters
nurtures the multi-layers of its characters , allowing us to remember that life 's ultimately a gamble and last orders are to be embraced .
That rare movie that works on any number of levels -- as a film of magic and whimsy for children , a heartfelt romance for teenagers and a compelling argument about death , both pro and con , for adults .
That the real Antwone Fisher was able to overcome his personal obstacles and become a good man
That rare movie that works on any number of levels
That rare movie that works on any number of levels --
That rare movie that works on any number of levels -- as
hits often enough
fast-paced contemporary society
fast-edit , hopped-up fashion
faster , livelier and a good deal funnier than his original
faster , livelier and
faster , livelier
be commended for its straight-ahead approach to creepiness
be clever , amusing and unpredictable
be awesome to consider
be appreciated most by sailors and folks who know their way around a submarine
be another winning star vehicle
honest enough
A film of delicate interpersonal dances . Caine
honest performances and
can improvise like a jazzman
point the way for adventurous Indian filmmakers toward a crossover into nonethnic markets
point the way for adventurous Indian filmmakers toward a crossover into nonethnic markets .
pointed , often incisive satire and unabashed sweetness
poignant lyricism
point the way for adventurous Indian filmmakers toward a crossover
Thanks to Haynes ' absolute control of the film 's mood , and
Thanks to Haynes ' absolute control of the film 's mood ,
brilliantly
their seats
their screen rapport makes the old story seem new .
that Derrida would doubtless give his blessing to
that 's exciting on the field and a story
brimming with detail and nuance
of the best Next Generation episodes
of the best actors there is
of the best looking and stylish
add up to another ` spectacular spectacle
add up to another ` spectacular spectacle .
is so cool
actually pulls off this stylistic juggling act
seem very romantic
its formidable arithmetic of cameras and souls
really really high
really heavy back story
really harnesses to full effect the energetic cast .
hysterical
its funny , moving yarn
its full potential
is so warm and fuzzy you might be able to forgive its mean-spirited second half .
its likable performances and
its likable performances and refreshingly naive point of view
its likable performances
acting -- more accurately , it 's moving
it the most
you do see thriller , coupled with some arresting effects , incandescent tones and stupendous performances
A slick , well-oiled machine ,
a breath of fresh air now and then
can outgag any of those young whippersnappers making moving pictures today
been an important documentary about stand-up comedy
stunning star
the heart soar . Yes , soar
over the spectacular ( visually speaking )
S&M
Sade is an engaging look at the controversial eponymous and fiercely atheistic hero .
he wants you to feel something
the hardy spirit
beautiful film
the hardy spirit of Cuban music
their quirky inner selves
he script is n't up to the level of the direction
an impacting film
an important documentary about stand-up comedy
an important film
an important documentary
familial
the fun of Toy Story 2
play against each other so intensely
play against each other so intensely , but with restraint ,
play against each other so intensely , but with restraint
play against each other so intensely , but with restraint , is a treat
... Mafia , rap stars and hood rats butt their ugly heads in a regurgitation of cinematic violence that gives brutal birth to an unlikely , but likable , hero . '
... a cheerfully inconsequential diversion .
... a psychological masterpiece
... a star-making project
light romantic comedy , good gosh
light romantic comedy ,
the saddest films
the saddest films i have ever seen that still manages to be uplifting but not overly sentimental
, Mr . Nelson has made a film that is an undeniably worthy and devastating experience .
not to mention a convincing brogue
, Narc strikes a defiantly retro chord , and outpaces its contemporaries with daring and verve .
very charming and funny movie
waited three years with breathless anticipation for a new hal hartley movie
waited three years with breathless anticipation for a new hal hartley movie to pore over
a daring work of genius
a daring work
a decent moral trying to get out
a decent full-on space battle
a delicate balance of romantic innocence and philosophical depth
finely crafted ,
instead of letting the laughs come as they may , lawrence unleashes his trademark misogyny -- er , comedy -- like a human volcano or an overflowing septic tank , take your pick .
I was entranced .
I was amused and entertained by the unfolding of Bielinsky 's cleverly constructed scenario , and greatly impressed by the skill of the actors involved in the enterprise .
I wanted to stand up in the theater and shout , ` Hey , Kool-Aid ! '
feel as if the film careens from one colorful event to another without respite
finely cut diamond
Provides an intriguing window into the imagination and hermetic analysis of Todd Solondz .
going at a rapid pace ,
've shared a great adventure
( '' Take Care of My Cat '' )
( '' Take Care of My Cat '' ) is an honestly nice little film that takes us on an examination of young adult life in urban South Korea through the hearts and minds of the five principals .
( A ) Hollywood sheen bedevils the film from the very beginning ... ( but ) Lohman 's moist , deeply emotional eyes shine through this bogus veneer ...
( A ) superbly controlled , passionate adaptation of Graham Greene 's 1955 novel .
very charming and funny
down easily
manages sweetness largely without stickiness .
one of a really solid Woody Allen film
the funniest jokes
one of his most daring , and complicated , performances
managed to create an underplayed melodrama about family dynamics and dysfunction that harks back to the spare , unchecked heartache of Yasujiro Ozu
somehow manages to escape the shackles of its own clichés to be the best espionage picture to come out in weeks .
much more emotional
much in the mold of feel-good movies
much more terrifying
much more emotional journey
a striking new significance for anyone
a string of exotic locales
a striking new significance for anyone who sees the film
of technology around a gripping story
Provides an intriguing window into the imagination and hermetic analysis of Todd Solondz
beautifully animated epic
could n't recommend this film more .
could n't recommend this film more
who values the original comic books
adding the rich details
adding the rich details and
to history seldom brought to light on the screen
to show us a good time
to mention mysterious , sensual , emotionally intense , and replete with virtuoso throat-singing
to mesmerize , astonish and entertain
to mention leaving you with some laughs and a smile on your face
be funny
be happening for the first time
be entertained as well
be daring and original
the result is a compelling slice of awkward emotions
the prophetic book in a way even its exacting author might admire
the regime 's talking-head survivors
passionate , if somewhat flawed , treatment
observant , unfussily poetic
o pé esquerdo . E aqueles que decidiram
object lesson
o matter how much good will the actors generate
touching , raucously amusing , uncomfortable , and , yes ,
is , at bottom , a sophisticated flower child 's desire to purge the world of the tooth and claw of human power
is , by itself , deserving of discussion .
is , by itself , deserving of discussion
the off-the-wall dialogue , visual playfulness and the outlandishness of the idea itself
is creatively a great whale
Dennis Quaid is its athletic heart
Dennis Quaid is its athletic heart .
various amusing sidekicks add much-needed levity to the otherwise bleak tale
the old boy 's characters more quick-witted than any English Lit
various amusing sidekicks
be thinking about going to see this movie
the best play
be talking about the film once you exit the theater
be the best play of the 19th century
Swim represents an engaging and intimate first feature by a talented director to watch
There 's a sheer unbridled delight in the way
There 's a part of us that can not help be entertained by the sight of someone getting away with something .
There 's Something About Mary and both American Pie movies
There 's lots of cool stuff packed into ESPN 's Ultimate X.
There 's an energy to Y Tu Mamá También .
rhythmic
the cultural distinctions
wickedly sick and twisted humor
that stands a good chance of being the big
wiggling energy
wild hoot
seems capable
destined to be the 21st Century 's new `` Conan '' and that he 's going to make a splash even greater than Arnold Schwarzenegger , Jean-Claud Van Damme or Steven Segal
despite the long running time , the pace never feels slack -- there 's no scene that screams `` bathroom break ! ''
despite the long running time , the pace never feels slack -- there 's no scene that screams `` bathroom break !
despite the long running time , the pace never feels slack -- there 's no scene that screams `` bathroom break
deserves a medal .
a splendid meal
a spoof comedy
a spirit
a spirit that can not be denied
a spoof comedy that carries its share of laughs -- sometimes a chuckle , sometimes a guffaw and , to my great pleasure , the occasional belly laugh
a spoof comedy that carries its share of laughs -- sometimes a chuckle , sometimes a guffaw and , to my great pleasure , the occasional belly laugh .
offers a great deal of insight into the female condition and
offers a great deal of insight into the female condition
offers a great deal of insight
offers a compelling investigation of faith versus intellect
offers a great deal of insight into the female condition and the timeless danger of emotions repressed .
offers a great deal of insight into the female condition and the timeless danger of emotions repressed
started with a great premise
Ms. Ramsay and her co-writer , Liana Dognini , have dramatized the Alan Warner novel , which itself felt like an answer to Irvine Welsh 's book Trainspotting
can be safely recommended as a video\/DVD babysitter .
it 's a pleasurable trifle
The film runs on a little longer than it needs to -- Muccino either does n't notice when his story ends or just ca n't tear himself away from the characters -- but it 's smooth and professional
a welcome relief
The film reminds me of a vastly improved Germanic version of My Big Fat Greek Wedding
The film proves unrelentingly grim -- and equally engrossing .
The film reminds me of a vastly improved Germanic version of My Big Fat Greek Wedding -- with better characters , some genuine quirkiness and at least a measure of style . The difference is that I truly enjoyed most of Mostly Martha while I ne
The film reminds me of a vastly improved Germanic version of My Big Fat Greek Wedding --
starts slowly , but adrien brody in the title role helps make the film 's conclusion powerful and satisfying
the five writers
starts slowly , but adrien brody in the title role helps make the film 's conclusion powerful and satisfying .
It 's a good film , but it falls short of its aspiration to be a true ` epic '
that 's alternately melancholic , hopeful and strangely funny
odd , poetic road movie
odd , intriguing
almost Shakespearean -- both in depth and breadth --
from the ages
another visit
releasing
insistently humanizing
to handle subtlety
The Widowmaker is derivative , overlong , and bombastic -- yet surprisingly entertaining .
The Unbearable Lightness of Being
The Son 's Room is a triumph of gentility that earns its moments of pathos .
the most fun you 'll ever have with a documentary
present some profound social commentary
the most famous author
the movie keeps you diverted and best of all ,
the movie keeps you diverted and best of all
the movie works .
it 's genuinely cool to hear characters talk about early rap records ( Sugar Hill Gang , etc . )
it 's going to be great
it 's good ,
thanks to the presence of ` the King , ' it also rocks
some wickedly sick and twisted humor
who is not only a pianist , but a good human being
thanks to the actors
relentless and beautiful
thanks to the actors ' perfect comic timing and sweet , genuine chemistry
can redeem it from hopeless sentimentality
It 's sweet . It 's funny . It wears its heart on the sleeve of its gaudy Hawaiian shirt . And
that '' they wanted to see something that did n't talk down to them . ''
, maybe , but still a film with all the elements that made the other three great , scary times at the movies .
, merry and , yes , melancholy film .
, mind-blowing , breath-taking mess
, miraculously unsentimental comedy-drama .
, mopping his face and generally displaying the wacky talent that brought him fame in the first place
to imagine Alan Arkin being better than he is in this performance
to hope that Nolan is poised to embark a major career as a commercial yet inventive filmmaker
to hit theaters since Beauty and the Beast 11 years ago
to his son 's home
was , and started doing nothing but reacting to it - feeling a part of its grand locations , thinking urgently as the protagonists struggled , feeling at the mercy of its inventiveness , gasping at its visual delights
Very amusing
Very amusing , not the usual route in a thriller , and the performances are odd and pixilated and sometimes both .
Vereté has a whip-smart sense of narrative bluffs .
laughs that may make you hate yourself for giving in
New York metropolitan area
Never lets go your emotions , taking them to surprising highs , sorrowful lows and hidden impulsive niches ... gorgeous , passionate , and at times uncommonly moving .
New Age-inspired good intentions
New Best Friend ''
this crowd-pleaser 's fresh dialogue
this crowd-pleaser 's
a hugely enjoyable film
a hugely enjoyable film about changing times , clashing cultures and the pleasures of a well-made pizza
a hilarious Kenneth Branagh
are not to be dismissed .
are not to be dismissed
overdose movies like '' Divine Secrets of the Ya Ya Sisterhood , '' except that the writing , acting and character development are a lot better
, Hunter -- starring Irwin and his American wife\/colleague , Terri -- is a movie children should enjoy .
, I Spy was an amusing lark that will probably rank as one of Murphy 's better performances in one of his lesser-praised movies .
of great monster\/science fiction flicks
A must-see for the David Mamet enthusiast and for anyone who appreciates intelligent , stylish moviemaking .
perfectly captures the hotel lobbies , two-lane highways , and roadside cafes that permeate vincent 's days
perfectly formed
perfectly pleasant
perfectly pleasant if
perfectly captures
perfectly captures the hotel lobbies , two-lane highways , and roadside cafes
perfectly pleasant if slightly pokey
it would n't exist without the precedent of Yiddish theater , whose jolly , fun-for-fun 's - sake communal spirit goes to the essence of Broadway
it would be nice to see what he could make with a decent budget
an after school special
an affluent damsel in distress who decides to fight her bully of a husband
an adventure story and history lesson all in one
an adventure story and history lesson
an adult who 's apparently been forced by his kids to watch too many Barney videos
the film for anyone
piercing intellect
tasty and sweet
phenomenal fantasy
perverse , hopeful and always fun
personifying independence in its purest and , yes , most intimidating form
personified by Michel Piccoli
( caine ) proves once again he has n't lost his touch , bringing off a superb performance in an admittedly middling film
The most consistently funny of the Austin Powers films .
The most ingenious film
The most consistently funny
The most consistently funny of the Austin Powers films
of naiveté and sophistication
The most ingenious film comedy since Being John Malkovich
The most ingenious film comedy since Being John Malkovich .
of masterpiece
It confirms Fincher 's status as a film maker who artfully bends technical know-how to the service of psychological insight .
carries its share of laughs -- sometimes a chuckle , sometimes a guffaw and , to my great pleasure , the occasional belly laugh
strong
so much more
so much first-rate talent
so meditative and lyrical about Babak Payami 's boldly quirky Iranian drama Secret Ballot ... a charming and evoking little ditty that manages to show the gentle and humane side of Middle Eastern world politics
so much as it is a commentary about our knowledge of films
so much first-rate
Kissing Jessica Stein may be the best same-sex romance I have seen
Kinnear does n't aim for our sympathy , but rather delivers a performance of striking skill and depth .
Khouri then gets terrific performances from them all .
Kissing
one of the best love stories of any stripe
's also one of the smartest
's also nice to see a movie with its heart so thoroughly , unabashedly
's also nice to see a movie with its heart so thoroughly , unabashedly on its sleeve
's also nice
's also nice to see a movie with its heart
's also nice to see a movie with its heart so thoroughly
star chemistry
staple
wow ,
workmanlike
filming the teeming life
the movie is certainly easy to watch .
the movie 's set
the movie 's success
filming the teeming life on the reefs
keep it up
keep 80 minutes from seeming like 800
keep it interested
keep it from being simpleminded
` Cherish '
their lack of showiness
their high heels
gives this aging series a much needed kick
Jones ... makes a great impression as the writer-director of this little $ 1 . 8 million charmer , which may not be cutting-edge indie filmmaking but has a huge heart
Jones ... makes a great impression as the writer-director of this little $ 1 .
Jones ... does offer a brutal form of charisma .
John Carpenter 's original
Jones ... makes a great impression as the writer-director of this little $ 1 . 8 million charmer , which may not be cutting-edge indie filmmaking but has a huge heart .
a much funnier film with a similar theme
If you 're a WWF fan , or you related to the people who watched the robots getting butchered in A . I . , you 'll probably like Rollerball .
` Alice 's adventure through the looking glass and into zombie-land ' is filled with strange and wonderful creatures .
something clever
something fishy
precious
contemplative and
comradeship and
comes alive when poor Hermocrates and Leontine pathetically compare notes about their budding amours
comes alive
comes alive as its own fire-breathing entity in this picture
comes alive as its own fire-breathing entity in this picture .
is essentially a subculture , with its own rules regarding love and family , governance and hierarchy
is exotic
is great summer fun to watch arnold
The faithful will enjoy this sometimes wry adaptation of V.S. Naipaul 's novel ,
The faithful will enjoy this sometimes wry adaptation of V.S. Naipaul 's novel , but
The faithful will enjoy this sometimes wry adaptation of V.S. Naipaul 's novel
The extent to which it succeeds is impressive .
situations and jokes
The film 's constant mood of melancholy and its unhurried narrative are masterfully controlled .
about passion
whose charms are immediately apparent
whooshing you from one visual marvel
The new faces
powerful , accessible and
the way of saying something meaningful about facing death
rowdy participants
A film that takes you inside the rhythms of its subject
A film that takes you inside the rhythms of its subject : You experience it as you watch .
Sensitive , insightful and beautifully rendered film . One of the best of the year .
A frisky and fresh romantic comedy
A fast-moving and remarkable film that appears destined to become a landmark in Japanese animation .
Seldahl 's Barbara is a precise and moving portrait of someone whose world is turned upside down , first by passion and then by illness .
A film about a young man
laughs -- sometimes a chuckle
's an ambitious film
pristine style and bold colors
A frisky and fresh romantic comedy exporing sexual politics and the challenges of friendships between women .
A gentle blend
in a collectively stellar performance
in a class with Spike Lee 's masterful
in a class by itself
in a film you will never forget -- that you should never forget
involving character study
about one of cinema 's directorial giants
spot on
a dependable concept
a definitive counter-cultural document
of merit
a screenwriter 's
do best -
The Hours wins ` Best Picture '
the greatest plays
swooping down on a string of exotic locales ,
spark ,
ditched the artsy pretensions
there 's a certain style and wit to the dialogue
the masses with star power , a pop-induced score and sentimental moments
and compassion
and commanding open spaces of the city
enormously good
enormously endearing
enormous packages
enormously good fun
sporadically funny
It 's mildly interesting to ponder the peculiar American style of justice that plays out here ,
It 's mildly interesting to ponder the peculiar American style of justice that plays out here , but
It 's more enjoyable than I expected , though , and that 's because the laughs come from fairly basic comedic constructs .
It 's more enjoyable than I expected , though , and that 's because the laughs come from fairly basic comedic constructs . Cinematic pratfalls given a working over . The cast is spot on and the mood is laid back .
It 's never laugh-out-loud funny , but it is frequently amusing
luv-spreading Dr . Feelgood
luv-spreading
, funny and ultimately sobering film
, funny , highly enjoyable
luscious cinematography
look at female friendship , spiked with raw urban humor
some special qualities
look at female friendship , spiked with raw urban humor .
some serious suspense
being good
being memorable
could channel
some real vitality
packed with information and impressions
who approaches his difficult , endless work with remarkable serenity and discipline
toward a new year of magic and mischief
trademark style
touches nerves and rings true
touching nostalgia
ringside seat
Hopkins , squarely fills the screen .
touching , raucously amusing , uncomfortable , and
of impressive potency
Silly , loud and goofy
, that the compact 86 minutes breezes by
, the American Insomnia is still pretty darned good .
, thanks to strong , credible performances from the whole cast
, thankfully
, stark beauty
sublimely lofty
sublimely beautiful
not be improved upon
inclination to make the most sincere and artful movie in which Adam Sandler will probably ever appear
include every top-notch British actor who did not appear in Gosford Park ( as well as one , Ms . Mirren , who did )
including that between the son and his wife , and the wife and the father , and between the two brothers , with incredible subtlety and acumen
includes one of the strangest
beautifully costumed
picture postcard
us love it , too .
urinates on the plants at his own birthday party
us ''
us all
a movie worthy
find a spark of its own
filmmakers david weissman and bill weber benefit enormously from the cockettes ' camera craziness -- not only did they film performances , but
filmmakers david weissman and bill weber benefit enormously from the cockettes ' camera craziness -- not only did they film performances ,
filmmakers david weissman and bill weber benefit enormously from the cockettes ' camera craziness -- not only did they film performances , but they did the same at home .
filmmakers david weissman and bill weber benefit enormously from the cockettes ' camera craziness -- not only did they film performances , but they did the same at home
fascinating ... an often intense character study about fathers and sons , loyalty and duty .
fascinating arc
who , in spite of all that he 's witnessed , remains surprisingly idealistic
to count on
to convey a sense of childhood imagination
to convince almost everyone that it was put on the screen , just for them
with music and laughter
will inspire the affection of even those unlucky people who never owned a cassette of Def Leppard 's Pyromania
solidly seaworthy chiller
More likely
( maybe twice )
love and culture
love affair
love and bloodletting
love in remembrance
love in remembrance .
love interest
without sentimentalizing it or denying its brutality , transforms that reality into a lyrical and celebratory vision
without reeking of research library dust
without sacrificing its high-minded appeal
Spielberg knows how to tell us about people .
will go happily along for the ride .
It 's endearing to hear Madame D . refer to her husband as ` Jackie ' --
It 's endearing to hear Madame D . refer to her husband as ` Jackie ' -- and
It 's a movie -- and an album -- you wo n't want to miss
It 's a terrific American sports movie and
It 's a terrific American sports movie and Dennis Quaid is its athletic heart
gender-provoking
spellbinding imagery
gets close to the chimps the same way Goodall did , with a serious minded patience , respect and affection .
gets an exhilarating new interpretation in Morvern Callar .
gets an exhilarating new interpretation in Morvern Callar
gets around to its real emotional business
gets around to its real emotional business , striking deep chords of sadness
gets around to its real emotional business ,
gets close to the chimps the same way Goodall did , with a serious minded patience , respect and affection
flourishes and
much panache
much panache , but with material this rich it does n't need it
much to recommend the film
sets out to entertain and
nostalgic
sets out to entertain
Elegantly produced
is as much fun as it must have been for them to make it
is as much fun
both as a historical study and as a tragic love story
farce and blood-curdling family intensity
`` Mostly Martha '' is a bright , light modern day family parable that wears its heart on its sleeve for all to see .
in a well-balanced fashion
`` Moonlight Mile '' rise above its heart-on-its-sleeve writing
`` Minority Report '' astounds .
`` Men in Black II , '' has all the earmarks of a sequel .
Coy but exhilarating , with really solid performances by Ving Rhames and Wesley Snipes .
Coy but exhilarating
Could use a little more humanity , but it never lacks in eye-popping visuals
Cox creates a fluid and mesmerizing sequence of images to match the words of Nijinsky 's diaries .
Could use a little more humanity , but it never lacks in eye-popping visuals .
long-held illusions are indeed reality
sharp writing
sharp script
The movie is ingenious fun . See it .
flavor and spice
flatter it
sharp as a samurai sword
share their enthusiasm
share it
set you free
settles into a most traditional , reserved kind of filmmaking
an excellent job
comes to the characters and writing ... but works its way underneath the skin like few movies
how exciting and
comes off as a touching , transcendent love story
comes off as a touching , transcendent love story .
hot topics
how both evolve
how deeply felt emotions can draw people together across the walls that might otherwise separate them
comes into its own in the second half .
'' Me Without You '' is a probing examination of a female friendship set against a few dynamic decades .
'' Home Movie '' is a sweet treasure and something well worth your time .
'' Lilo & Stitch '' is n't the most edgy piece of Disney animation to hit the silver screen , then this first film to use a watercolor background since '' Dumbo '' certainly ranks as the most original in years .
'' The best Disney movie since the Lion King ''
few good ideas
few seconds
a lesson in prehistoric hilarity .
a knack for picking roles that magnify her outrageous charm
a lean , economical movie
violence and whimsy do n't combine easily -- '' Cherish '' certainly is n't dull
muy entretenida
dishes out a ton of laughs that everyone can enjoy .
The Wild Thornberrys Movie is pleasant enough and the message of our close ties with animals can certainly not be emphasized enough
The Wild Thornberrys Movie is pleasant enough and
The Wild Thornberrys Movie is pleasant enough and the message of our close ties with animals can certainly not be emphasized enough .
The acting , for the most part
The acting , for the most part , is terrific , although the actors must struggle with the fact that they 're playing characters who sometimes feel more like literary conceits than flesh-and-blood humans .
mysterious
A rare and lightly entertaining look behind the curtain that separates comics from the people laughing in the crowd .
A rare and lightly entertaining
A raunchy and frequently hilarious follow-up to the gifted Korean American stand-up
A raunchy and frequently hilarious follow-up
A quiet family drama with a little bit of romance and a dose of darkness .
A quiet family drama with a little bit of romance and a dose of darkness
A quietly moving look back at what it was to be Iranian-American in 1979 .
A quietly moving
A refreshing change
A raunchy and frequently hilarious follow-up to the gifted Korean American stand-up 's I 'm the One That I Want .
visually polished
visual poetry
as beautiful , desirable , even delectable
as beautiful , desirable ,
as beautifully shaped
as beautiful , desirable , even delectable ,
as beautifully shaped and as delicately calibrated in tone
as beautifully shaped and
as before , from the incongruous but chemically perfect teaming of Crystal and De Niro
evolved from star to superstar
preachy-keen
Oliver Stone 's conspiracy thriller JFK
Oliver Stone 's conspiracy thriller JFK was long , intricate , star-studded and visually flashy
Olivier Assayas has fashioned an absorbing look at provincial bourgeois French society .
Olivier Assayas ' elegantly appointed period drama
who could too easily become comic relief in any other film --
straightforward and deadly
are treasures and even marvels
are treasures and even marvels .
in a fascinating , intelligent manner the intermingling of race , politics and local commerce
in a fascinating , intelligent manner
in a culture
they will have a showdown , but ,
you love the music , and
you love the music ,
you know it 's going to be a trip .
you love the music
you like peace
you know there 's something there .
take on change , risk and romance
pulls us into its world , gives us a hero whose suffering and triumphs we can share , surrounds him with interesting characters and sends us out of the theater feeling
psychologically rich and suspenseful moral thriller
pulls us into its world
main asset
surprisingly funny
neat little story
nearly overcomes its questionable in-the-ring match-up with solid fight choreography and gritty prison authenticity .
treasures and even marvels . So
seemingly sincere personal reflection
Ramsay is clearly extraordinarily talented , and
who deserve but rarely receive it
is both convincing and radiant
is both gripping and compelling
is both stimulating and demanding
is both stimulating and demanding .
is boldly , confidently orchestrated , aesthetically and sexually
is born to play Shaggy
is born to play Shaggy !
take these great leaps of faith
take the movie to a higher level .
take the movie to a higher level
is bound to appreciate
is breathtaking
funny , fast and loose
treated to an impressive and highly entertaining celebration of its sounds
some worthwhile themes
somehow it all comes together to create a very compelling , sensitive , intelligent and almost cohesive piece of film entertainment
tremendous energy from the cast ,
only thing missing
never loses touch with the reality of the grim situation
never fails to engage us .
never feels formulaic , because the attention is on the nuances of the emotional development of the delicate characters .
This one is not nearly as dreadful as expected .
This new Time Machine is hardly perfect ... yet it proves surprisingly serviceable
This seductive tease of a thriller
very moving
very moving and
... Festival in Cannes bubbles with the excitement of the festival in Cannes .
... ( the film ) works , due mostly to the tongue-in-cheek attitude of the screenplay .
bang-up
first and foremost ... the reason to go see '' blue crush '' is the phenomenal , water-born cinematography by david hennings .
firmly
first and foremost ... the reason to go see '' blue crush '' is
first and foremost ... the reason to go see '' blue crush '' is the phenomenal , water-born cinematography by david hennings
of the best-sustained ideas I have ever seen on the screen
of the bra
The formula is familiar but enjoyable .
is a greater attention to the parents -- and particularly the fateful fathers -- in the emotional evolution of the two bewitched adolescents .
by his art , which is more than he has ever revealed before about the source of his spiritual survival
New Testament stories
of the best , most
The footage of the rappers at play and the prison interview with Suge Knight are just two of the elements that will grab you .
is a gritty police thriller with all the dysfunctional family dynamics one could wish for
with enough action
real stars
with economical grace
real pleasure in its laid-back way
with efficiency and an affection for the period
with enjoyable ease
with energy , intelligence and verve , enhanced by a surplus of vintage archive footage
like something wholly original
like seeing a series of perfect black pearls clicking together to form a string .
stopped thinking about how good it all was , and started doing nothing but reacting to it - feeling a part of its grand locations , thinking urgently as the protagonists struggled , feeling at the mercy of its inventiveness , gasping at its visual delights .
stopped thinking about how good it all was , and started doing nothing but reacting to it - feeling a part of its grand locations , thinking urgently as the protagonists struggled , feeling at the mercy of its inventiveness , gasping at its visual delights
adorns his family-film plot with an elegance and maturity that even most contemporary adult movies are lacking
makes his films so memorable
Sillier , cuter , and shorter than the first ( as best I remember ) , but still a very good time at the cinema .
makes for adequate entertainment
Sillier , cuter , and shorter than the first ( as best I remember ) , but still a very good time at the cinema
` hip ' , ` innovative ' and ` realistic '
` epic
` hip '
` grandeur ' shots
` funny
get it
gentle and
gets a nice wintry look
get some truly unique character studies and a cross-section of Americana
gets even better in hindsight
gets even better in hindsight ,
's obviously struck a responsive chord with many South Koreans
physical energy
of the director , Frank Novak , that keeps the film grounded in an undeniable social realism
general family chaos to which anyone can relate
have viewers guessing just who 's being conned right up to the finale
have two words to say about Reign of Fire . Great dragons !
have two words to say about Reign of Fire . Great dragons
generate suspense
would n't be too crazy with his great-grandson 's movie splitting up in pretty much the same way .
el talento
elegantly balanced movie
elegant work
elements of romance , tragedy and even silent-movie comedy
of impressive talent
of honest poetry
of holiday cheer
a thoughtful and rewarding glimpse
a touching , transcendent love story
a tragic dimension and savage full-bodied wit and
a tragic dimension and savage full-bodied wit
to raise audience 's spirits and leave them singing long after the credits roll
better , not just bigger
pitted against shimmering cinematography that lends the setting the ethereal beauty of an Asian landscape painting
the cast delivers mildly amusing performances and
attracts the young and fit
cynicism in Stuart Little 2 -- quite a rarity , even in the family film market . Eventually , it wins you over
to put a lump in your throat while reaffirming Washington as possibly the best actor working in movies today
better , but it coulda
pause and think of what we have given up to acquire the fast-paced contemporary society
the computer and
Simply and eloquently
both convincing and radiant
odd enjoyably chewy lump
will fulfill your wildest fantasies about being a different kind of time traveler , while happily killing 94 minutes .
odd purity
will fulfill your wildest fantasies about being a different kind of time traveler , while happily killing 94 minutes
odd enjoyably
will find What Time Is It There ? well worth the time .
will find What Time Is It There ? well worth the time
smarter-than-thou wayward teen struggles to rebel against his oppressive
( Witherspoon 's ) charisma
smartly and wistfully
oddly humorous
smartly and
oddly humorous to tediously sentimental
genuine promise
how a skillful filmmaker can impart a message without bludgeoning the audience over the head
Travels a fascinating arc from hope and euphoria
Travels a fascinating arc from hope and euphoria to reality and disillusionment
the most compelling variations on In the Company of Men
the magic that made it all work
Such master screenwriting
Such master screenwriting comes courtesy of John Pogue , the Yale grad who previously gave us '' The Skulls '' and last year 's '' Rollerball
more colorful
more memorable
more cohesive
same magical quality
more biologically detailed than an autopsy , the movie
more beautiful than either of those films
more balanced or fair portrayal
The ending does leave you unfulfilled , but these are performances to enjoy in a memorable ensemble piece
it would be a page-turner
it will connect
it wears its B-movie heritage like a badge of honor .
its best
more appetizing than a side dish of asparagus . If you 're not a fan , it might be like trying to eat Brussels sprouts
survive its tonal transformation from dark comedy to suspense thriller
its best early on as
survives intact in BV 's re-voiced version .
, but far more witty
, brisk delight
, builds to a crescendo that encompasses many more paths than we started with
, but I suspect it might deliver again and again
, but I suspect it might deliver again and again .
profound common sense
exciting new filmmaker
exciting , clever story
exciting , clever
excite
Like a pack of dynamite sticks , built for controversy . The film is explosive
Like The Rugrats movies , The Wild Thornberrys Movie does n't offer much more than the series , but its emphasis on caring for animals and respecting other cultures is particularly welcome
Like The Rugrats movies , The Wild Thornberrys Movie does n't offer much more than the series , but its emphasis on caring for animals and respecting other cultures is particularly welcome .
Like Smoke Signals , the film is also imbued with strong themes of familial ties and spirituality that are powerful and moving without stooping to base melodrama
are quietly moving
are relegated to the background -- a welcome step forward from the Sally Jesse Raphael atmosphere of films like Philadelphia and American Beauty
no doubt the star and everyone else involved
a stellar performance
a stellar
that deep inside righteousness can be found a tough beauty
that could so easily have been fumbled by a lesser filmmaker
that could make a person who has lived her life half-asleep suddenly wake up and take notice
By its modest , straight-ahead standards , Undisputed scores a direct hit .
because of its heightened , well-shaped dramas
As a kind of colorful , dramatized PBS program , Frida gets the job done .
because of its heightened , well-shaped dramas ,
( the film ) works , due mostly to the tongue-in-cheek attitude of the screenplay
Melville is creatively a great whale
Men in Black II , '' has all the earmarks of a sequel
- kids-cute sentimentality by a warmth that is n't faked
consuming passion
contains Jesse Ventura 's best work since the XFL .
contains Jesse Ventura 's best work since the XFL
an intelligent , realistic portrayal of testing boundaries
an intelligent flick
scare while we delight in the images
scariest movie
say that it does n't follow the stale , standard , connect-the-dots storyline which has become commonplace in movies that explore the seamy underbelly of the criminal world
of characterization , humor or plain old popcorn fun
triumph , relentless and beautiful
shake it
quibble with a flick boasting this many genuine cackles
` chick flicks ' go
` classic '
` inspirational ' and
` inspirational ' and ` uplifting '
lists and ways
cute moments
cute frissons
well-made and often lovely
well-made and often lovely depiction
well be the most comprehensive of these films and also strike closest to the truth
were n't as much about gender , sexual preference or political agitprop as they were simply a triumph of the indomitable human will to rebel , connect and create .
were simply a triumph of the indomitable human will to rebel , connect and create
cuter
found a worthy follow-up
a saga
unexpected fable
some flashy
a saga of the ups and downs of friendships
, this is the one .
its floating narrative
Elmer Bernstein 's perfectly melodic score
Elmer
Elliott 's memoir
are equal parts poetry and politics , obvious at times but evocative and heartfelt
cuts to the chase of the modern girl 's dilemma
remind them that Hong Kong action cinema is still alive and kicking
this delicate coming-of-age tale
lighthearted , feel-good film
Wickedly funny , visually engrossing , never boring , this movie challenges us to think about the ways we consume pop culture .
Wickedly funny , visually engrossing , never boring , this movie
Wickedly funny , visually engrossing , never boring ,
Wickedly funny , visually engrossing , never boring
Wickedly funny , visually engrossing ,
Wickedly funny , visually engrossing
Wickedly funny ,
Wickedly funny
Wild film
its lavish formalism and intellectual austerity
visually and in the writing
is a non-stop funny feast of warmth , colour and cringe .
lightweight and bizarrely original
make a gorgeous pair ... their scenes brim with sexual possibility and emotional danger
a Spielberg trademark
make a gorgeous pair
cutesy romantic tale
make a gorgeous pair ...
bowling you over
delivers its share of laughs and smiles
bourgeois French society
the emotional integrity
in Reno . '' Go
The filmmakers know how to please the eye ,
Nicely serves as an examination of a society in transition .
New
Never mind whether you buy the stuff about Barris being a CIA hit man . The kooky yet shadowy vision Clooney sustains throughout is daring , inventive and impressive .
but I sometimes felt as though I was in the tiny two seater plane that carried the giant camera around Australia , sweeping and gliding , banking
buoyant energy level
any true film addict will want to check out
any summer blockbuster
rises in its courageousness , and comedic employment .
rises above superficiality .
than in creating an emotionally complex , dramatically satisfying heroine
than into the script , which has a handful of smart jokes
all ages -- a movie that will make you laugh
right and
rewarded by brutal , committed performances
full-bodied performance
full-bodied characterizations
full potential
full of the kind of energy it 's documenting
full of surprises
full of sex , drugs and rock
full of nuance and character dimension
have made the original New Testament stories so compelling for 20 centuries
rises above superficiality
is the only winner
wrapped up into one
fever-pitched melodrama
The Lady and the Duke represents the filmmaker 's lifelong concern with formalist experimentation in cinematic art .
The Lady and the Duke something of a theatrical air
The Lady and the Duke surprisingly
The Lady and the Duke surprisingly manages never to grow boring ... which proves that Rohmer still has a sense of his audience .
The Laramie Project is worthwhile for reminding us that this sort of thing does , in fact , still happen in America
so sit back , relax and have a few laughs while the little ones get a fuzzy treat . '
so terrifying I 'm still stunned
been perfect for an old '' Twilight Zone '' episode
been made with an enormous amount of affection
been visualized with such operatic grandeur
they have been patiently waiting for
grace-in-rebellion
graduated
fun in this cinematic sandbox
fun and reminiscent
fun and enjoyable
fun , popcorn movies with a touch of silliness and a little bloodshed
fun , with its celeb-strewn backdrop well used .
short enough to make a dream seem possible
fun with it all
is the funniest thing in the world
that is n't nearly as graphic but much more powerful , brutally shocking and difficult to watch
that is part biography , part entertainment and part history
that is presented with universal appeal
that is presented with great sympathy and intelligence
that is sure to win viewers ' hearts
be patient with the lovely hush ! and your reward will be a thoughtful , emotional movie experience .
that is warm , inviting , and surprising
that is the recording industry in the current climate of mergers and downsizing
to a canter
ravishing costumes , eye-filling , wide-screen production design
ravishing costumes , eye-filling , wide-screen production design and
a renowned filmmaker
ravishing costumes , eye-filling
ravishing costumes
ravishing costumes ,
the world 's remarkably varying human population and mindset
the year 's sweetest movie
the year with its exploration of the obstacles to happiness
the price
of pretension about the film , which very simply sets out to entertain and ends up delivering in good measure
the ability to mesmerize , astonish and entertain
the actors are humanly engaged
elevate '' Glory '' above most of its ilk
defuses this provocative theme by submerging it in a hoary love triangle .
elements cribbed from Lang 's Metropolis , Welles ' Kane , and Eisenstein 's Potemkin
elevate
elevate ''
elevate '' Glory
elevate '' Glory ''
a remarkable and novel
sort of loved the people onscreen
a remarkable and novel concept
Roger Michell , best known for the superfluous Notting Hill
in its perfect quiet pace
in its over-the-top way
in its loving yet unforgivingly inconsistent depiction of everyday people , relaxed in its perfect quiet pace
's a smart , funny look at an arcane area of popular culture
's a smart , solid , kinetically-charged spy flick worthy of a couple hours of summertime and a bucket of popcorn . Nothing overly original , mind you , but solidly entertaining
possibly the sturdiest example yet
a remote shelf
's a sit down and ponder affair
's a sit down and ponder affair .
heartbeat
heartfelt
heartfelt family drama
heartfelt family drama .
magical enough to bring off this kind of whimsy
There 's something with potential here ,
so intimate and
so intimate and sensual and funny
so intimate and sensual and funny and
so intensely , but with restraint
so intensely feminine that it serves as the antidote ( and cannier doppelganger ) to Diesel 's XXX flex-a-thon .
so intimate
Her performance moves between heartbreak and rebellion as she continually tries to accommodate to fit in and gain the unconditional love she seeks .
Here is a VH1 Behind the Music special that has something a little more special behind it : music that did n't sell many records but helped change a nation .
for putting together any movies of particular value or merit
an unusually vivid set
an unusually vivid set of characters worthy of its strong cast
the more outrageous bits achieve a shock-you-into-laughter intensity of almost Dadaist proportions .
the most beautiful , evocative works
venturesome , beautifully realized
the most beautiful , evocative works I 've seen
know you 're in for a real winner , creativity at its peak .
've completely
've got something pretty damn close
the smartest
the same as one battle followed by killer CGI effects
nearly as captivating as the rowdy participants think it is
neat
, you ca n't help but warmly extend your arms and yell ` Safe ! '
seen ( Eddie )
, you ca n't deny either the tragic loss of two young men in the prime of their talent or the power of this movie .
, you 'll love this documentary .
two ideas
's Quaid who anchors the film with his effortless performance and that trademark grin of his -- so perfect for a ballplayer .
the fascination
's Unforgiven which also utilized the scintillating force of its actors to draw out the menace of its sparse dialogue
often hilarious
deserves credit for bringing audiences into this hard and bitter place
deserves credit
A delicious and delicately funny look at the residents of a Copenhagen neighborhood coping with the befuddling complications life
's Jagger 's bone-dry , mournfully brittle delivery that gives the film its bittersweet bite .
there are just enough twists in the tale to make it far more satisfying than almost any horror film in recent memory
of ( Woo 's ) best work
of Anna Chancellor that makes this `` Two Weddings and a Funeral '' fun
ever had the inclination to make the most sincere and artful movie in which Adam Sandler will probably ever appear
It should be interesting
to the flowering of the South Korean cinema
( especially the frank sex scenes ) ensure that the film is never dull
, and Spike Lee 's Jim Brown : All American at long last gives its subject a movie worthy of his talents .
, and Egoyan tackles his themes and explores his characters ' crises with seriousness and compassion .
, and Gibson , stepping in for Bruce Willis , is the perfect actor to take us on the trip .
, and Maggie Gyllenhaal is a delight .
, amusing and cute
, an admirable achievement
, an eye-opening tour of modern Beijing culture in a journey of rebellion ,
, and Daniel Radcliffe more emotionally assertive this time around as Harry
collectively stellar performance
intriguingly contemplative
like a poem
we have given up to acquire the fast-paced contemporary society
we only wish we could have spent more time in its world
Barbershop boasts some of today 's hottest and hippest acts from the world of television , music and stand-up comedy
's Unforgiven which also utilized the scintillating force of its actors to draw out the menace of its sparse dialogue .
yet , it still works .
the earnestness of its execution and
of French cinema at its best
the earnestness of its execution and skill of its cast take you down a familiar road with a few twists
unpretentious , charming , quirky , original
unpredictable , hilarious
unpredictable comedy
the earnestness
veiling tension beneath otherwise tender movements
being earnest , so thick with wit
A deliciously nonsensical comedy
to address his own World War II experience in his signature style
Producer John Penotti surveyed high school students ... and came back with the astonishing revelation that `` they wanted to see something that did n't talk down to them . ''
A deliciously nonsensical comedy about a city
to add beyond the dark visions already relayed by superb
with naughty fun
the titillating material
to probe questions of attraction and interdependence
month
the good stuff
to admire these people 's dedication to their cause or be repelled by their dogmatism , manipulativeness and narrow , fearful view of American life
belongs to Nicholson
belly laugh
benefited from a sharper , cleaner script
Candid Camera on methamphetamines
Call it magic realism or surrealism , but Miss Wonton floats beyond reality with a certain degree of wit and dignity .
Campbell Scott gives a star performance that is nothing short of mesmerizing
Candid
swimfan does catch on
hilariously , gloriously alive , and quite often hotter
sharp acting and partially animated interludes
the new populist comedies that underscore the importance of family tradition and familial community
the next generation
the new thriller proves that director M . Night Shyamalan can weave an eerie spell and that Mel Gibson can gasp , shudder and even tremble without losing his machismo .
called any kind of masterpiece . It is , however , a completely honest , open-hearted
called the best Korean film of 2002
calls attention to a problem Hollywood too long has ignored
old-fashioned adventure
succeeds as an emotionally accessible , almost mystical work
director rob marshall went out gunning to make a great one
director m . night shyamalan 's ability to pull together easily accessible stories that resonate with profundity is undeniable
director rob marshall went out gunning to make a great one .
The Full Monty , but a really strong second effort
The Guys is a somber trip worth taking .
The French Lieutenant 's Woman
The Full Monty , but
The Hours , a delicately crafted film ,
The Hours , a delicately crafted film
the best special effects
has the stomach-knotting suspense of a legal thriller
has the stomach-knotting suspense of a legal thriller ,
has the screen presence to become a major-league leading lady , ( but )
has to be a few advantages to never growing old . Like being able to hit on a 15-year old when you 're over 100 .
has the stomach-knotting suspense of a legal thriller , while the testimony of witnesses lends the film a resonant undertone of tragedy
has the stomach-knotting suspense of a legal thriller , while the testimony of witnesses lends the film a resonant undertone of tragedy .
has transformed the rhetoric of Hollywood melodrama into something provocative , rich , and strange
filmmaker to let this morph into a typical romantic triangle . Instead
wonderful , ghastly film
shot and beautifully
wonderful , ghastly
The film grows on you . And how .
It has fun with the quirks of family life , but it also treats the subject with fondness and respect .
the best of both worlds
wonder why Paul Thomas Anderson ever had the inclination to make the most sincere and artful movie in which Adam Sandler will probably ever appear
the set design and interiors of the haunted vessel are more than effectively creepy and moodily lit
won -- and wins still
is a form of bravery . For this reason and this reason only -- the power of its own steadfast , hoity-toity convictions -- Chelsea Walls deserves a medal
is a few bits funnier than Malle 's dud , if only because the cast is so engagingly messing around like Slob City reductions of Damon Runyon crooks
the best possible senses
most gloriously unsubtle and adrenalized extreme
most high-concept films candy-coat with pat storylines , precious circumstances and beautiful stars
just that damn good .
A family film
A family film that contains some hefty thematic material on time , death , eternity , and what
A fairly enjoyable mixture of Longest Yard ... and the 1999 Guy Ritchie
A fairly enjoyable mixture of Longest Yard ... and the 1999 Guy Ritchie caper Lock Stock and Two Smoking Barrels .
A fantastic premise anchors this movie , but what it needs
A family film that contains some hefty thematic material on time , death , eternity , and what is needed to live a rich and full life .
A fantastic premise anchors
A fascinating , bombshell documentary
A fascinating , bombshell documentary that should shame Americans , regardless of whether or not ultimate blame
makes Minority Report necessary viewing for sci-fi fans
just wants them to be part of the action , the wallpaper of his chosen reality . Here , thankfully
keen
a movie about goodness
is a poem to the enduring strengths of women
A deliciously mordant
A delectable and intriguing thriller filled with surprises , Read My Lips is an original . This is a story of two misfits who do n't stand a chance alone , but together they are magnificent .
A delectable and intriguing thriller filled with surprises , Read My Lips is an original . This is a story of two misfits who do n't stand a chance alone
A delectable and intriguing thriller filled with surprises
A delectable and intriguing thriller
A deep and meaningful film .
A deep and meaningful film
is a phenomenal band with such an engrossing story that will capture the minds and hearts of many .
A comprehensive and provocative film
A compelling Spanish film about the withering effects of jealousy in the life of a young monarch whose sexual passion for her husband becomes an obsession .
double in value a week from Friday
double in value a week
this well-meaning , beautifully produced film
this well-meaning , beautifully produced film that sacrifices its promise for a high-powered star pedigree
everything its fans are hoping it will be , and in that sense is a movie that deserves recommendation
another classic for the company
another classic
two-way
fanciful , grisly and engagingly quixotic
fanciful ,
fanciful direction
fans who ca n't stop loving anime ,
fans who ca n't stop loving anime
substantial depth
, Dong stakes out the emotional heart of Happy .
, Douglas McGrath 's version of ` Nicholas Nickleby ' left me feeling refreshed and hopeful . Not many movies have that kind of impact on me these days .
, Diesel is that rare creature -- an action hero with table manners , and one who proves that elegance is more than tattoo deep .
, Dogtown and Z-Boys has a compelling story to tell .
, Eisenstein delivers .
, Empire still has enough moments to keep it entertaining .
, Eileen Walsh , an engaging , wide-eyed actress whose teeth are a little too big for her mouth , infuses the movie with much of its slender , glinting charm .
, Everett remains a perfect Wildean actor , and a relaxed Firth displays impeccable comic skill .
a master 's steady stroke
a masterful piece
succeed in integrating the characters in the foreground into the extraordinarily rich landscape
have unearthed a rare gem
from Oscar winner
who think and talk about their goals , and are working on hard decisions
the film maintains a beguiling serenity and poise that make it accessible for a non-narrative feature .
with some real shocks in store for unwary viewers .
common through-line
the film itself -- as well its delightful cast -- is so breezy
the film itself -- as well its delightful cast -- is so breezy , pretty and gifted , it really won my heart
's as good as you remember .
's as entertaining as it is instructive
's as good as you remember . In fact , even better .
's as good as you remember . In fact , even better
's apparently just what ( Aniston ) has always needed to grow into a movie career
's as entertaining
's as crisp and to the point
and uniquely Almodóvar
Ash Wednesday is suspenseful and ultimately unpredictable , with a sterling ensemble cast .
Ash Wednesday is not Edward Burns ' best film , but it is a good and ambitious film . And it marks him as one of the most interesting writer\/directors working today .
who still retains a soft spot for precollegiate humor
otherwise calculated
he 's been stirred by the powerful work of his co-stars
Estela Bravo 's documentary is cloyingly hagiographic in its portrait of Cuban leader Fidel Castro
Engagingly
Engagingly captures the maddening and magnetic ebb and flow of friendship .
Enormously likable
Enormously likable , partly because it is aware of its own grasp of the absurd .
is a pretty decent little documentary .
is a perfect family film to take everyone to since there 's no new `` A Christmas Carol '' out in the theaters this year .
is a perfect family film to take everyone to since there 's no new `` A Christmas Carol '' out in the theaters this year
is a precisely layered performance by an actor in his mid-seventies , Michel Piccoli .
is a precisely layered performance by an actor in his mid-seventies , Michel Piccoli
amours
encouraging to see a three-dimensional , average , middle-aged woman 's experience of self-discovery handled with such sensitivity
some chills and sustained unease
into the deepest recesses of the character to unearth the quaking essence of passion , grief and fear
feels funny and true
feel-good picture
feel-good formula
feel-good
it marks him as one of the most interesting writer\/directors working today .
'll appreciate much of Vardalos ' humor , which transcends ethnic boundaries .
'll appreciate much of Vardalos ' humor , which transcends ethnic boundaries
'll be wondering what will happen to her and wishing her the best -- whatever that might mean
it look as though they are having so much fun
it makes for one of the most purely enjoyable and satisfying evenings at the movies I 've had in a while .
it makes up for with its heart .
of warmth , colour and cringe
of two marvelous performances by Michael Caine and Brendan
of two genuinely engaging performers
touch anyone regardless of their familiarity with the sport
total success
touch the hearts of both children and adults , as well as bring audiences to the edge of their seats
touch the hearts of both children and adults
touching and well
encourages you to accept it as life and go with its flow
first place
Time Out is existential drama without any of the pretension associated with the term .
To Live
Told just proficiently enough to trounce its overly comfortable trappings .
Director George Hickenlooper has had some success with documentaries
Director George Hickenlooper has had some success with documentaries ,
Director Kevin Bray excels
Director Kevin Bray excels in breaking glass and marking off the ''
the sweetest thing , a romantic comedy with outrageous tendencies , may be a mess in a lot of ways . but it does have one saving grace . a lot of its gags and observations reflect a woman 's point-of-view
tells a story
tells its poignant and uplifting story in a stunning fusion of music and images
tells its poignant and uplifting story in a stunning fusion of music and images .
telling a fascinating character 's story
telling that his funniest moment comes when he falls about ten feet onto his head
well-lensed
well-made
well worth
were funniest
well-meaning
Pure
Pure cinematic intoxication , a wildly inventive mixture of comedy and melodrama , tastelessness and swooning elegance
honest working man John Q . Archibald , on a pedestal
succeed
honest working man John Q . Archibald ,
honest working man John Q . Archibald
honest performance
honest effort
If it 's not entirely memorable , the movie is certainly easy to watch .
makes the banger sisters a fascinating character study with laughs
set in the world of lingerie models and bar dancers in the Midwest that held my interest precisely because it did n't try to .
features a standout performance
features a standout performance by Diane Lane
slightly humorous and tender story
favour of an altogether darker side
fearless in picking apart human foibles , not afraid to lay her life bare in front of an audience
While the frequent allusions to gurus and doshas will strike some Westerners as verging on mumbo-jumbo ... broad streaks of common sense emerge with unimpeachable clarity .
not overly sentimental
thought the relationships were wonderful
heartwarming digitally animated feature film with plenty of slapstick humor for the kids , lots of in-jokes for the adults and heart enough for everyone .
heartwarming digitally animated feature film with plenty of slapstick humor for the kids , lots of in-jokes for the adults and heart enough for everyone
look sophisticated
total winner
is an ode to unconditional love and compassion garnered from years of seeing it all , a condition only the old are privy to , and ... often misconstrued as weakness .
is an engaging nostalgia piece
is an engaging nostalgia piece .
is an excellent choice for the walled-off but combustible hustler
is an in-your-face family drama and black comedy that is filled with raw emotions conveying despair and love
is an in-your-face family drama and black comedy that is filled with raw emotions conveying despair and love .
is an interesting exercise by talented writer\/director Anderson
is an interesting movie
is an object lesson in period filmmaking
the original hit movie
is just as good , if not better than much of what 's on Saturday morning TV especially the pseudo-educational stuff we all ca n't stand
is its utter sincerity .
is its utter sincerity
is its unforced comedy-drama and its relaxed , natural-seeming actors
is its surreal sense of humor and technological finish .
is its surreal sense of humor and technological finish
is just as much about the ownership and redefinition of myth as it is about a domestic unit finding their way to joy
just as expectant of an adoring , wide-smiling reception
Anyone who ever fantasized about space travel but ca n't afford the $ 20 million ticket to ride a Russian rocket
Anyone who ever fantasized about space travel but ca n't afford the $ 20 million ticket to ride a Russian rocket should catch this IMAX offering .
Anyone who welcomes a dash of the avant-garde fused with their humor
the heart-pounding suspense of a stylish psychological thriller
the heart-pounding suspense
Anyone who welcomes a dash of the avant-garde fused with their humor should take pleasure in this crazed
the heart soar
Anyone who welcomes a dash of the avant-garde fused with their humor should take pleasure in this crazed , joyous romp of a film .
to be intimate and socially encompassing
Strap on a pair of 3-D goggles , shut out the real world
impresses almost as much as her work with Haynes in 1995 's Safe .
impressive debut
Strap on a pair of 3-D goggles , shut out the real world ,
the movies you 'd want to watch if you only had a week to live
invigorating about it is that it does n't give a damn
inventive screenplay
inventive director
Still pretentious and filled with subtext , but entertaining enough at ` face value ' to recommend to anyone looking for something different
inventive cinematic tricks and
inventive cinematic tricks and an ironically killer soundtrack
do with imagination
strokes the eyeballs
more interesting -- and , dare I say ,
more interesting -- and
more interesting --
with a touch of silliness and a little bloodshed
Though its story is only surface deep
Though its story is only surface deep , the visuals and enveloping sounds of Blue Crush make this surprisingly decent flick worth a summertime look-see .
Though its atmosphere is intriguing
Though the aboriginal aspect lends the ending an extraordinary poignancy , and the story itself could be played out in any working class community in the nation .
Though overall an overwhelmingly positive portrayal
Though overall an overwhelmingly positive portrayal , the film does n't ignore the more problematic aspects of Brown 's life .
Though the film is well-intentioned
Though the film is well-intentioned , one could rent the original and get the same love story and parable .
carry the film
with all the mounting tension of an expert thriller
from a director who understands how to create and sustain a mood
have strip-mined the Monty formula mercilessly since 1997 .
have some fairly pretty pictures
have stayed there
ends the movie is the one with the most emotional resonance
real visual charge to the filmmaking
it 's a rock-solid little genre picture
it 's a riot to see Rob Schneider in a young woman 's clothes
it 's a pleasure to have a film like The Hours as an alternative .
it 's actually watchable . Even more baffling is that it 's funny
it 's a work that , with humor , warmth , and intelligence , captures a life interestingly lived
it 's a wacky and inspired little film that works effortlessly at delivering genuine , acerbic laughs .
it 's a spirited film and a must-see
it 's all bluster -- in the end it 's as sweet as Greenfingers
in his first film
fun friendly demeanor
fun of me
An undeniably moving film to experience
An undeniably moving film to experience ,
An undeniably moving film to experience , and
An undeniably moving film to experience , and ultimately that 's what makes it worth a recommendation
An uncomfortable experience , but one as brave and challenging as you could possibly expect these days from American cinema .
An undeniably gorgeous , terminally
An undeniably gorgeous , terminally smitten document of a troubadour , his acolytes , and the triumph of his band .
An undeniably moving film
An undeniably moving film to experience , and ultimately that 's what makes it worth a recommendation .
An unexpectedly sweet story
If you 're as happy listening to movies as you are watching them , and the slow parade of human frailty fascinates you , then you 're at the right film .
ultimately unpredictable
benefits greatly from a less manic tone than its predecessor , as Cho appears to have settled comfortably into her skin .
all of its meaning and most of its pleasure
watching intelligent people making a movie
other direction
does its best to work us over , with second helpings of love , romance , tragedy , false dawns , real dawns , comic relief , two separate crises during marriage ceremonies , and the lush scenery of the Cotswolds .
does its predecessors proud
at other times candidly revealing
does its predecessors proud .
is astonishing
The production values are up there . The use of CGI
The production values are up there .
American blockbusters
to anyone looking for something
boasting this many genuine cackles
The Chateau has one very funny joke and a few other decent ones ,
The Burning Sensation
The Chateau has one very funny joke and a few other decent ones
then the film is a pleasant enough dish .
appeal to those without much interest in the Elizabethans
the most gloriously unsubtle and adrenalized extreme
the more serious-minded concerns
the more serious-minded concerns of other year-end movies
the most thoughtful fictional examination
pubescent
gifted director
, made richer by his own experiences , making his other movies somehow richer in the bargain .
however , it is not
huge fan
human foibles , not afraid to lay her life bare in front of an audience .
get some truly unique character studies and a cross-section of Americana that Hollywood could n't possibly fictionalize and be believed
human nature
Mr. Deeds is , as comedy goes , very silly -- and in the best way .
Mr. Deeds is sure to give you a lot of laughs in this simple , sweet and romantic comedy .
Mr. Deeds '' is suitable summer entertainment that offers escapism without requiring a great deal of thought .
Mr. Deeds is , as comedy goes , very silly -- and in the best way
Mr. Deeds is , as comedy goes , very silly --
bring the routine day to day struggles of the working class to life
bring something new into the mix
bring something new
bring out the cake
bring out joys in our lives that we never knew
bring out joys in our lives
bring a heart and reality that buoy the film , and at times , elevate it to a superior crime movie .
get some truly unique character studies and a cross-section of Americana that Hollywood could n't possibly fictionalize and be believed .
operates nicely
operatic
opera 's a pleasure when you do n't have to endure intermissions
opera lovers
like a living-room War Of The Worlds , gaining most of its unsettling force from the suggested and the unknown
operatic , sprawling picture
new standards for thrills , suspense ,
At its most basic , this cartoon adventure is that wind-in-the-hair exhilarating .
is truly gorgeous
is truly gorgeous to behold
funny than the original , Killers
is a goofball movie , in the way that Malkovich was
funny premise
At its best , which occurs often , Michael Moore 's Bowling for Columbine rekindles the muckraking , soul-searching spirit of the ` Are we a sick society ? ' journalism of the 1960s .
is tenderly observant of his characters . He watches them as they float within the seas of their personalities . His scenes are short and often unexpected .
is tenderly observant of his characters . He watches them as they float within the seas of their personalities . His scenes are short and often unexpected
is talented enough and charismatic enough to make us care about Zelda 's ultimate fate .
is talented enough and charismatic enough to make us care about Zelda 's ultimate fate
is sympathetic without being gullible
is surprisingly refreshing .
is surprisingly refreshing
is surprisingly brilliant , deftly sewing together what could have been a confusing and horrifying vision into an intense and engrossing head-trip .
is surprisingly brilliant , deftly sewing together what could have been a confusing and horrifying vision into an intense and engrossing head-trip
is surprisingly brilliant ,
is a film -- full of life and small delights -- that has all the wiggling energy of young kitten
is a film -- full of life and small delights -- that has all the wiggling energy of young kitten .
is a divine monument to a single man 's struggle to regain his life , his dignity and his music .
is a diverting -- if predictable -- adventure suitable for a matinee , with a message that cautions children about disturbing the world 's delicate ecological balance .
is a divine monument to a single man 's struggle to regain his life , his dignity and his music
enchanting ...
As any creature-feature fan knows , when you cross toxic chemicals with a bunch of exotic creatures , you get a lot of running around , screaming and death . On that score , the film certainly does n't disappoint .
A thoughtful look at a painful incident that made headlines in 1995 .
A triumph
A tender and touching drama , based on the true story of a troubled African-American 's quest to come to terms with his origins ,
A tender and touching drama , based on the true story of a troubled African-American 's quest to come to terms with his origins , reveals the yearning we all have in our hearts for acceptance within the family circle .
A slick , skillful little horror film .
A thoughtful , moving piece that faces difficult
A thoughtful , moving piece that faces difficult issues with honesty and beauty .
A thoughtful
A thoughtful , moving piece
crafting this wonderful portrait of a conflicted soldier
crafts quite moving scenes throughout his resolutely dramatic variation on the novel
crafts quite moving scenes throughout his resolutely dramatic variation on the novel .
crafted
crafted meditation on mortality .
cheer flick
cheer . Otherwise , maybe
cheer . Otherwise
cheer .
check this one out
was too hard on '' The Mothman Prophecies ''
Unfaithful is at once intimate and universal cinema .
delivers a magnetic performance .
delivers a perfect performance that captures the innocence and budding demons within a wallflower
delivers .
delivers a magnetic performance
delivering a series of abrasive , stylized sequences that burn themselves upon the viewer 's memory
delivering in good measure
delivering a dramatic slap
delivered with such conviction that it 's hard not to be carried away
delivering Oscar-caliber performances
mar an otherwise excellent film . A powerful performance from Mel Gibson and a brutal 90-minute battle sequence that does everything but issue you a dog-tag and an M-16 .
the people in Love in the Time of Money are hardly specific to their era .
making snappy comebacks
moving and weighty depiction
moving and weighty
moving and stark reminder
moving and stark
moving and revelatory
moving and important film
moving and important
moving , if uneven , success
sci-fi cinematic ride
the utter authority of a genre gem
be enjoying this
be entertained by
be entertained
a nicely
the values of knowledge , education , and the
another of his open-faced , smiling madmen
logical , unforced continuation
spiritual survival
the payoff for the audience , as well as the characters ,
so freely
the variety of tones in Spielberg 's work
's a spirited film and a must-see
's a sight to behold .
's a sight to behold
's a sheer unbridled delight in the way the story unfurls ...
's a sheer unbridled delight in the way the story unfurls
's a sharp movie about otherwise dull subjects .
's a sharp movie about otherwise dull subjects
's a scorcher .
has twists worthy of David Mamet and is enormous fun for thinking audiences .
has winning performances and a glossy , glib charm that 's hard to beat
has winning performances and a glossy , glib charm that 's hard to beat .
has taken his trademark style and refined it to a crystalline point .
has truly inhabited a character
has twists worthy of David Mamet and is enormous fun for thinking audiences
in constant fits of laughter
in charm
to Winger fans who have missed her since 1995 's Forget Paris
sparkling with ideas
to `` interesting ''
spans time and reveals meaning
the passion , creativity , and fearlessness of one of Mexico 's most colorful and controversial artists
so incredibly
the passion , creativity , and fearlessness of one
the passion , creativity , and fearlessness
working-class subjects
the parents
Ballot
loving yet
loved this film .
loving anime
loving yet unforgivingly inconsistent depiction
a gritty police thriller with all the dysfunctional family dynamics one could wish for .
erotically frank
funny and human and
funny and human
funny and human and really pretty damned wonderful
funny and human and really
funny . A little uneven to be the cat 's meow , but it 's good enough to be the purr .
funny .
funny and , in the end , very touching
funny and , in the end ,
funny and touching
funny and pithy
the believability of the entire scenario
an eye-opening tour of modern Beijing culture in a journey of rebellion ,
an honest , lived-in glow
an eye-opening tour
an honest look at a community striving to anchor itself in new grounds
an honestly nice little film
an honest and unaffected ( and gentle ) way
an honest look
's The Prince of Egypt from 1998 .
an honestly nice little film that takes us on an examination of young adult life in urban South Korea through the hearts and minds of the five principals
the margin that gives viewers a chance to learn , to grow , to travel
the mark of a documentary that works
the marvelous Verdu
the martial arts master to top form
the marvelous Verdu , a sexy slip of an earth mother who mourns her tragedies in private and embraces life in public
the marvelous Verdu ,
Sweet Home Alabama is n't going to win any Academy Awards , but
his distance from the material is mostly admirable .
at once laughable and compulsively watchable
heady experience
might actually want to watch
us happy
Pellington gives '' Mothman '' an irresistibly uncanny ambience that goes a long way toward keeping the picture compelling
a fairly impressive debut
an ` action film '
an ` A ' list cast and some strong supporting players
one of Murphy 's better performances in one of his lesser-praised movies
for all of its insights into the dream world of teen life , and its electronic expression through cyber culture ,
for many of us , that 's good enough
for kids ( of all ages ) that like adventure
of profound characterizations
contributions
An interesting story with a pertinent ( cinematically unique ) message , told fairly well and scored to perfection , I found myself struggling to put my finger on that elusive `` missing thing . ''
An inspiring and heart-affecting film about the desperate attempts of Vietnamese refugees living in U.S. relocation camps to keep their hopes alive in 1975 .
An inspiring and heart-affecting film about the desperate attempts of Vietnamese refugees living in U.S. relocation camps to keep their hopes alive in 1975
a filmmaker of considerable potential
An exhilarating experience .
An excellent sequel .
a frighteningly capable debut and
a flair for dialogue comedy
An intoxicating experience .
An intoxicating
we have absolutely no idea who the main characters are until the film is well under way -- and yet it 's hard to stop watching .
we feel as if we 're seeing something purer than the real thing
we are undeniably touched .
we believe in them
be enjoyed as a daytime soaper .
be especially grateful for freedom after a film like this
be even more indistinct than it is were it not for the striking , quietly vulnerable personality of Ms . Ambrose
be enjoyed as a daytime soaper
catch the intensity of the movie 's strangeness
The Pianist lacks the quick emotional connections of Steven Spielberg 's Schindler 's List . But Mr . Polanski creates images even more haunting than those in Mr . Spielberg 's 1993 classic .
The Pianist lacks the quick emotional connections of Steven Spielberg 's Schindler 's List . But Mr . Polanski creates images even more haunting than those in Mr . Spielberg 's 1993 classic
being very inspiring or insightful
believe Silberling had the best intentions here
hugely enjoyable in its own right though not really faithful to its source 's complexity
especially those who are n't aware of
especially Lee Ross 's turn as Ken
es un buen ejemplo de lo que es el cine de entretenimiento puro y sin complejos
human experience -- drama , conflict , tears and surprise --
have so steeped themselves in the majesty of Tolkien 's writing that every frame produces new joys , whether you 're a fan of the books or not .
For all its shoot-outs
For all its brooding quality , Ash Wednesday is suspenseful and ultimately unpredictable , with a sterling ensemble cast .
For all its visual panache and compelling supporting characters , the heart of the film rests in the relationship between Sullivan and his son .
For all its visual panache and compelling supporting characters
For all the charm of Kevin Kline and a story that puts old-fashioned values under the microscope , there 's something creepy about this movie .
Alfred Hitchcock and
Amazingly dopey .
Amazingly
prettiest pictures
Amidst the action , the script carries Arnold ( and the viewers ) into the forbidden zone of sympathizing with terrorist motivations by presenting the `` other side of the story . ''
at female friendship , spiked with raw urban humor
at his 12th Oscar nomination
at in Metropolis you hate to tear your eyes away from the images long enough to read the subtitles
that it ranks with the best of Herzog 's works
watch and -- especially -- to listen to
wickedly fun
lovely costumes ,
loved looking at this movie
loved looking at this movie .
love with its own quirky personality
loveable
lovely costumes
an emotional edge
Dylan Kidd
you 'd do well to check this one out because it 's straight up Twin Peaks action ...
yields surprises .
yields surprises
yet overflows with wisdom and emotion .
yet newcomer Ellen Pompeo pulls off the feat with aplomb
yet it 's potentially just as rewarding
to please anyone in search of a Jules and Jim for the new millennium
race , politics and local commerce
a film that dazzles the eye , challenges the brain , and satisfies our lust for fast-paced action
a film to rival to live , but a fine little amuse-bouche to keep your appetite
a fine
a fine little
its unforced comedy-drama
its unhurried narrative
its unforced comedy-drama and its relaxed , natural-seeming actors
its unique feel
its utter sincerity
its visual imagination is breathtaking
its visual imagination
makes it to the boiling point
makes its point too well
makes its point
makes it work more than it probably should
there 's something vital about the movie .
capable
there 's nothing wrong with that if the film is well-crafted and this one is
on character
into a lyrical and celebratory vision
into a gut-wrenching examination of the way cultural differences and emotional expectations collide
into a gorgeously atmospheric meditation on life-changing chance encounters
into a genre that has been overexposed , redolent of a thousand cliches , and yet remains uniquely itself , vibrant with originality
to turn his movie in an unexpected direction
to unlock the full potential of what is in many ways a fresh and dramatically substantial spin on the genre
touches the heart
touch the heart of anyone old enough to have earned a 50-year friendship
Everybody loves a David and Goliath story , and this one is told almost entirely from David 's point of view
Everybody loves a David and Goliath story , and this one is told almost entirely from David 's point of view .
soap-opera quality twist
so-so animation and an exciting , clever story with a batch of appealing characters
so with an artistry that also smacks of revelation
so watchable
draws our attention like a magnet
dramatic gut-wrenching impact
draws our attention like a magnet , and acts circles around her better known co-star , Mark Wahlberg .
draws our attention like a magnet , and acts circles around her better known co-star , Mark Wahlberg
some spice
All 's well that ends well , and rest assured
some ways is a rather indulgent piece
getting busy on the basketball court because that 's when he really scores
one that will have you at the edge of your seat for long stretches
one that spans time and reveals meaning
one step further
of the Oscar Wilde play
may even find that it goes by quickly , because it has some of the funniest jokes of any movie this year , including those intended for adults
fast runner
fascinating
may choose to interpret the film 's end as hopeful or optimistic
the best kind :
the best from his large cast in beautifully articulated portrayals
the best film of the year so far ,
the best --
the beat ,
the audacity , at the
through a remarkable amount of material in the film 's short 90 minutes
lovely Hush !
lovely , sad dance
lovely , eerie film
loved the look of this film .
loves its characters and communicates something
loves both dance and cinema
lovely toward the end
Captivates as it shows excess in business and pleasure , allowing us to find the small , human moments , and leaving off with a grand whimper .
loves its characters and communicates something rather beautiful about human nature
loves its characters and communicates something rather beautiful
Captivates and shows
Captivates and
Captivates
Cantet beautifully illuminates what it means sometimes to be inside looking out , and at other times outside looking in .
were a person
Grant 's two best films
bucked the odds
build in the mind of the viewer and take on extreme urgency .
a classical actress
It 's witty and inventive , too , and in hindsight , it is n't even all that dumb
is great in his role but
at their noble endeavor
goes beyond comic book status .
goes further
a welcome pinch of tartness
a welcome pinch
metaphysical
this generation 's Animal House
hilarious , well-shot and , importantly , entertaining
's still a worthy addition to the growing canon of post-Saving Private Ryan tributes to the greatest generation .
to more than satisfy your appetite
is always welcome
's the cinematic equivalent of a good page-turner
's the kind of pigeonhole-resisting romp that Hollywood too rarely provides
's the chemistry between the women and the droll scene-stealing wit and wolfish pessimism of Anna Chancellor that makes this '' Two Weddings and a Funeral '' fun
that bring the routine day to day struggles of the working class to life
that buoy the film , and at times , elevate it to a superior crime movie
that between the son and his wife , and the wife and the father , and between the two brothers
that between the son and his wife , and the wife and the father , and between the two brothers ,
that between the son and his wife , and the wife and the father , and between the two brothers , with incredible subtlety and acumen
that breathes extraordinary life into the private existence of the Inuit people
brings a group of people together in a sweet and charming way , if a little convenient
brings to his characters , as if he has been giving them private lessons
broached an original treatment of a deeply personal subject
brimming with gentle humor
bring a fresh , quirky charm to the formula
Griffin 's smartly nuanced performance and
Greene delivers a typically solid performance in a role that is a bit of a departure from the noble characters he has played in the past , and he is matched by Schweig , who carries the film on his broad , handsome shoulders
Harsh , effective documentary on life in the Israeli-occupied Palestinian territories
Harsh , effective documentary on life
Has a shambling charm ... a cheerfully inconsequential diversion
Has a shambling charm ...
poetry in voice-over
poetically romantic and full
Although very much like the first movie based on J.K. Rowling 's phenomenal fantasy best sellers , this second go-round possesses a quite pleasing , headlong thrust and a likably delinquent attitude .
fantastical
do n't need to be a hip-hop fan to appreciate Scratch
the movie seems confident enough to handle subtlety
, er , bubbly
acted and masterfully if preciously interwoven
aching beauty
achieves a mesmerizing poetry .
acted crowd-pleaser that is n't above a little broad comedy and a few unabashedly sentimental tears
acted by the deeply appealing veteran Bouquet and the chilling but quite human Berling
may pander to our basest desires for payback
the soulful gravity of Crudup 's anchoring performance
Although it includes a fair share of dumb drug jokes and predictable slapstick , `` Orange County '' is far funnier than it would seem to have any right to be .
airs out a tight plot with an easy pace and a focus on character drama over crime-film complications .
Once you get into its rhythm ... the movie becomes a heady experience .
Once again , director Jackson strikes a rewarding balance between emotion on the human scale and action\/effects on the spectacular scale .
On this tricky topic , Tadpole is very much a step in the right direction , with its blend of frankness , civility and compassion .
On its own cinematic terms , it successfully showcases the passions of both the director and novelist Byatt .
manages to put some lovely pictures up on the big screen
mangle next time
managing to connect her wish-fulfilling characters to the human race
would be a welcome improvement
has a wickedly eccentric enchantment to it .
has a wickedly eccentric enchantment to it
has a way of infecting the entire crowd as the film rolls on .
has a way of infecting the entire crowd as the film rolls on
has a subtle way of getting under your skin and sticking with you long after it 's over .
has a plot that rivals Shakespeare for intrigue , treachery and murder .
has a plot that rivals Shakespeare for intrigue , treachery and murder
the filmmakers ' post-camp comprehension of what made old-time B movies good-bad that makes Eight Legged Freaks a perfectly entertaining summer diversion
`` Shakes The Clown '' , a much funnier film with a similar theme and an equally great Robin Williams performance
`` Shakes The Clown '' , a much funnier film with a similar theme
`` Shakes The Clown '' , a much funnier film with a similar theme and
`` Simone '' is a fun and funky look into an artificial creation in a world that thrives on artificiality .
true believer
terrific B movie
do n't have the slightest difficulty accepting him in the role .
tender ,
tenor and richly handsome locations
term epic cinema
it will just as likely make you weep ,
it will just as likely make you weep , and it will do so in a way that does n't make you feel like a sucker
it works superbly here
can relate
literal
the sleeper movie
sucks you
sucks you in
suck the audience in
such that we 'll keep watching the skies for his next project
Deepa Mehta provides an accessible introduction as well as some intelligent observations on the success of Bollywood in the Western world .
sucks you in and
Naipaul , a juicy writer
Earns its laughs from stock redneck ` types ' and from the many , many moments when we recognize even without the Elizabethan prose , the play behind the thing .
a love song to the movies
a love story as sanguine as its title
I can testify to the comparative accuracy of Ms. Vardalos ' memories and insights .
of the venerable Italian comedy Big Deal on Madonna Street .
of the virtues of
It gets onto the screen just about as much of the novella as one could reasonably expect , and is engrossing and moving in its own right .
Romantic , riveting and handsomely
Rose 's film
Rose 's film , true to its source material
troubled and determined homicide cop
undeniable , if not a pleasure in its own right
compelling characters
the pleasures of a well-made pizza
film buzz and whir
good time
as clear and reliable an authority on that
is the spontaneity , originality and delight .
is the sense that peace is possible
A passionately inquisitive film
A passionately inquisitive film determined to uncover the truth and hopefully inspire action .
A passable romantic comedy , in need of another couple of
a film , a Southern Gothic with the emotional arc of its raw blues soundtrack
a few punches
a film about something , one that attempts and often achieves a level of connection and concern
quirky characters , odd situations , and off-kilter dialogue at us
quirky characters , odd situations , and
quirky movie to be made from curling
quirky comedy
quirky Iranian drama Secret Ballot
this a high water mark for this genre
Gets better after Foster leaves that little room .
no substitute for on-screen chemistry
gentle
Stay for the credits and see a devastating comic impersonation by Dustin Hoffman that is revelatory .
gentle humor ,
gentle humor
Steers turns in a snappy screenplay that curls at the edges ; it 's so clever you want to hate it .
compelling Wiseman epic
that entertains even as it turns maddeningly predictable
that nevertheless touches a few raw nerves
wildly inventive
wildly popular
wildly inventive mixture
wildly fascinating
wildly alive
make you think about existential suffering . Instead
its soul 's - eye view of how well-meaning patronizing masked a social injustice , at least as represented by this case
It is ridiculous , of course ... but it is also refreshing , disarming , and just outright enjoyable despite its ridiculousness .
It is risky , intelligent , romantic and rapturous from start to finish .
It is so refreshing to see Robin Williams turn 180 degrees from the string of insultingly innocuous and sappy fiascoes he 's been making for the last several years .
It moves quickly , adroitly , and without fuss ; it does n't give you time to reflect on the inanity -- and the Cold War datedness -- of its premise .
that goes into becoming a world-class fencer
It is inspirational in characterizing how people from such diverse cultures share the same human and spiritual needs .
It is not a mass-market entertainment but an uncompromising attempt by one artist to think about another .
of an expert thriller
of an historical episode that , in the simple telling , proves simultaneously harrowing and uplifting
quirkiness , eccentricity , and certain individuals ' tendency to let it all hang out
quirkiness , eccentricity , and certain individuals ' tendency to let it all hang out , and damn the consequences
quirky and leisurely
quirky -- but not stereotyped -- street characters
ca n't miss it
ca n't go wrong
A real winner -- smart , funny , subtle , and resonant .
A reasonably entertaining sequel
nothing short of refreshing
A powerful performance from Mel Gibson
A psychological thriller with a genuinely spooky premise and an above-average cast , actor Bill Paxton 's directing debut
A psychological thriller with a genuinely spooky premise and an above-average cast , actor Bill Paxton 's directing debut is a creepy slice of gothic rural Americana .
A quiet treasure --
A quiet treasure -- a film to be savored
A real winner
A real winner --
A real winner -- smart , funny , subtle , and resonant
somewhat mannered
break free of her old life
to say , '' Look at this !
understandable to viewers looking for nothing but energetic entertainment
that , having created an unusually vivid set of characters worthy of its strong cast ,
But it 's emotionally engrossing , too , thanks to strong , credible performances from the whole cast
overly original
laughed a hell of a lot
laugh therapy '
best dramatic performance to date ( is )
best dramatic performance to date ( is ) almost enough
insane comic undertaking
to one of the greatest plays of the last 100 years
to one of Demme 's good films
the happy music
respects the Marvel version
a comedy , a romance ,
pleasant from start
pleasant from start to finish
on Petter Næss ' delicate , clever direction ... and a wonderful , imaginative script
on J.K. Rowling 's phenomenal fantasy best sellers
maybe even a notch above the previous runner-up , Nicholas Meyer 's Star Trek VI
's unnerving to see Recoing 's bizzarre reaction to his unemployment . Good film , but very glum
's virtually its own Hollywood remake
happening but you 'll be blissfully exhausted
happy , heady jumble
the power of spirits
the power of strong voices
the power of Polanski 's film
It 's an effort to watch this movie , but it eventually pays off and is effective if you stick with it .
the comic scenes fly
the comedy makes social commentary more palatable
the comedy makes social commentary more palatable .
Despite the predictable parent vs . child coming-of-age theme , first-class , natural acting and a look at '' the real Americans '' make this a charmer .
It could change America , not only because it is full of necessary discussion points , but because it is so accessible that it makes complex politics understandable to viewers looking for nothing but energetic entertainment .
It 's still worth a look .
It uses an old-time formula , it 's not terribly original and it 's rather messy -- but you just have to love the big , dumb , happy movie My Big Fat Greek Wedding .
It represents better-than-average movie-making that does n't demand a dumb , distracted audience .
Conduct in a low , smoky and inviting sizzle
Confessions is n't always coherent , but it 's sharply comic and surprisingly touching , so hold the gong
Confessions is n't always coherent , but it 's sharply comic and surprisingly touching , so hold the gong .
Confessions is without a doubt a memorable directorial debut from King Hunk .
the right approach and
the right approach
Still , the pulse never disappears entirely , and
Steven Soderbergh 's digital video experiment is a clever and cutting , quick and dirty look at modern living and movie life .
Still , the pulse never disappears entirely ,
Steers refreshingly clear of the usual cliches .
Steinis quirky , charming and often hilarious
Steinis quirky , charming and often hilarious .
top-notch British actor
about the filmmaker 's characteristic style
about surprising us by trying something new
An indispensable peek at the art and the agony of making people
from charismatic rising star Jake Gyllenhaal but also from accomplished Oscar winners Susan Sarandon , Dustin Hoffman and Holly Hunter , yet newcomer Ellen Pompeo pulls off the feat with aplomb
from charismatic rising star Jake Gyllenhaal but also
from charismatic rising star Jake Gyllenhaal
perspective with his intelligent grasp of human foibles and contradictions
it treats ana 's journey with honesty that is tragically rare in the depiction of young women in film
it treats ana 's journey with honesty that is tragically rare in the depiction of young women in film .
it plays like a reading from bartlett 's familiar quotations
under the right conditions , it 's goofy ( if not entirely wholesome ) fun
all the verbal marks it should
, delicious
, darkly funny
gets uniformly engaging performances
delightfully charming
since Sept . 11 )
you feel while you 're watching this ultra-manipulative thriller
you do n't know what 's coming
statement and issue worthy
whose promising , if rather precious ,
a wickedly subversive bent to the best parts of Birthday Girl
a winner for Lil Bow Wow
a wickedly subversive bent
a well-made PB & J sandwich
a well-deserved reputation as one of the cinema world 's great visual stylists
a well-established genre
than spectacular , E . T . is carried less by wow factors than by its funny , moving yarn that holds up well after two decades .
a winning ensemble comedy
as the recent Argentine film Son of the Bride reminded us that a feel-good movie can still show real heart
Although Huppert 's intensity and focus has a raw exhilaration about it
Although there are several truly jolting scares
through memory , a celebration of living , and a sobering rumination
a rather shapeless good time
for fans who ca n't stop loving anime , and the fanatical excess built into it
Tierney and the inimitable Walken especially --
Tim Story 's not there yet - but ` Barbershop ' shows he 's on his way .
for an all-around good time at the movies this summer
for cultural and personal self-discovery and a picaresque view
for every taste
not that , it 's the tension that keeps you in your seat
not sure if you should applaud or look into having him committed
not to be seduced by ( Witherspoon 's ) charisma , even in this run-of-the-mill vehicle , because this girl knows how to drive it to the max
not-so-stock
not-so-stock characters
an Oscar nomination
an above-average thriller
emotionally and spiritually compelling
emotionally and spiritually compelling journey
emotionally accessible , almost mystical work
religious fanatics -- or backyard sheds --
reacting to it - feeling a part of its grand locations ,
reacting to it - feeling a part of its grand locations , thinking urgently as the protagonists struggled , feeling at the mercy of its inventiveness
reacting to it - feeling a part of its grand locations , thinking urgently as the protagonists struggled
reacting to it - feeling a part of its grand locations , thinking urgently as the protagonists struggled ,
reacting to it - feeling a part of its grand locations , thinking urgently as the protagonists struggled , feeling at the mercy of its inventiveness , gasping at its visual delights
reaction
adds substantial depth to this shocking testament to anti-Semitism and neo-fascism
This misty-eyed Southern nostalgia piece
This misty-eyed Southern nostalgia piece , in treading the line between sappy and sanguine
This misty-eyed Southern nostalgia piece ,
Oddly , the film is n't nearly as downbeat as it sounds , but strikes a tone that 's alternately melancholic , hopeful and strangely funny .
well-made , funny and entertaining
taking the easy Hollywood road
while the humor aspects of ` jason x ' were far more entertaining than i had expected
remarkable 179-minute meditation
remarkably
remarkably coherent , horrifically vivid snapshot
rejects the temptation to make fun of his subjects .
relatively sincere
remains movingly genuine
a comedy that swings and jostles to the rhythms of life .
a cohesive story
a comedy that swings and jostles to the rhythms of life
where you expect and often surprises you with unexpected comedy
Demonstrates the unusual power of thoughtful , subjective filmmaking .
Demonstrates the unusual power of thoughtful , subjective filmmaking
Delivers the sexy razzle-dazzle that everyone , especially movie musical fans , has been hoping for .
Delivers the sexy razzle-dazzle that everyone , especially movie musical fans , has been hoping for
Delivers more than its fair share of saucy hilarity .
Delivers
Delivers the sexy razzle-dazzle
Delivers roughly equal amounts of beautiful movement and inside information .
that came to define a generation
that both thrills the eye and , in its over-the-top way , touches the heart
that both thrills the eye and , in its over-the-top way ,
that both thrills the eye and , in its over-the-top way , touches the heart .
that both thrills the eye and
that both thrills the eye
turns that
Howard conjures the past via surrealist flourishes so overwrought you 'd swear he just stepped out of a Buñuel retrospective .
seamless
sea condensada
seamless ensemble .
seat
its empowerment
its epic scope
its extraordinary themes
a much better mother-daughter tale
Director Carl Franklin , so crisp and economical in One False Move ,
Dignified CEO
Dignified
resorts to easy feel-good sentiments
respectable sequel
resourceful hero
Lina
Lilo & Stitch has a number of other assets to commend it to movie audiences both innocent and jaded .
fairly impressive debut
sober and affecting
fairly harmless
art -- when done right -- can help heal
as clever
as a technical , logistical feat
as bouncy animation and catchy songs escort you through the entire 85 minutes
seems altogether too slight to be called any kind of masterpiece . It is , however , a completely honest , open-hearted film that should appeal to anyone willing to succumb to it .
seems as funny as it did in Analyze This , not even Joe Viterelli as De Niro 's right-hand goombah .
seems as funny
seems aware of his own coolness
Mamet 's `` House of Games '' and last fall 's `` Heist '' so much fun
Mandel Holland 's direction is uninspired , and his scripting unsurprising , but the performances by Phifer and Black are ultimately winning
Garden music video
did n't believe for a moment in these villains or their plot .
The special effects and many scenes of weightlessness
The special effects and many scenes of weightlessness look as good or better than in the original , while the Oscar-winning sound and James Horner 's rousing score make good use of the hefty audio system .
The story ... is inspiring , ironic , and revelatory of just how ridiculous and money-oriented the record industry really is . It is also a testament to the integrity and vision of the band .
The terrific and bewilderingly
it demonstrates that Werner Herzog can still leave us with a sense of wonder at the diverse , marvelously twisted shapes history has taken .
it demands that you suffer the dreadfulness of war from both sides
it definitely gives you something to chew on
it could become a historically significant work as well as a masterfully made one
it could be , by its art and heart , a necessary one
it conjures up the intoxicating fumes and emotional ghosts of a freshly painted Rembrandt
it chiefly inspires you to drive a little faster
it certainly does n't feel like a film that strays past the two and a half mark
it can only encourage us to see Samira Makhmalbaf as a very distinctive sensibility , working to develop her own film language with conspicuous success
even delectable
even gritty enough
even better than The Fellowship .
evanescent , seamless and sumptuous stream
A compelling story
A compelling French psychological drama examining the encounter of an aloof father and his chilly son after 20 years apart .
even his lesser works outshine the best some directors
even his lesser works outshine the best some directors can offer
chilling , unnerving film
the mold of feel-good movies
the subtitles to enjoy this colorful action farce
nicely wound clock not just ticking , but humming
nice twists
nice twists but the ending and
nice evening out
nice rhythm
nice little story
is funny , smart , visually inventive , and most of all , alive .
always make it look easy , even though the reality is anything but
is funny , smart , visually inventive , and most
is funny , scary and sad .
is funny , smart , visually inventive , and most of all ,
is funny , smart , visually inventive , and most of all
enough clever
enjoys quirky , fun , popcorn movies with a touch of silliness and a little
enough clever innuendo to fil
enough laughs to sustain interest to the end
enough to sustain an interstitial program on the Discovery Channel
enough to spark genuine chemistry with Townsend
entertained by the sight of someone
colors the picture in some evocative shades .
always hilarious Meara
combined with stunning animation .
is even more embracing than Monty , if only because it accepts nasty behavior and severe flaws as part of the human condition .
The urban landscapes are detailed down to the signs on the kiosks
is every bit as fascinating
makes up for its mawkish posing by offering rousing spates of genuine feeling
makes your spine tingle
making his other movies
managed elements such as sound and cinematography
manages to outshine the role and
The urban landscapes are detailed down to the signs on the kiosks , and the color palette , with lots of somber blues and pinks , is dreamy and evocative .
The urban landscapes are detailed down to the signs on the kiosks , and the color palette , with lots of somber blues and pinks , is dreamy and evocative
look behind the curtain that separates comics from the people laughing in the crowd .
look easy
look easy , even though the reality is anything but
gives a performance that could not be improved upon . '
gives `` Mothman '' an irresistibly uncanny ambience that goes a long way toward keeping the picture compelling
are introduced as '' spider '' and
well-established
no scenes that will upset or frighten young viewers
what spectacular sizzle it is
is , in many ways , an admirable achievement
is , in its quiet , epic way , daring , inventive and refreshingly unusual .
visually masterful work
An enchanting
An amusing , breezily apolitical documentary about life on the campaign trail .
An enchanting spectacular for Potter fans anxious to ride the Hogwarts Express toward a new year of magic and mischief .
An enchanting spectacular for Potter fans
An absorbing trip into the minds and motivations of people under stress as well as a keen , unsentimental look at variations on the theme of motherhood .
An absorbing trip into the minds and motivations of people under stress
An amusing , breezily apolitical documentary about life on the campaign
An amusing , breezily apolitical documentary
A stylish cast and
An endearingly offbeat romantic comedy with a great meet-cute gimmick .
An endearingly offbeat romantic comedy
is extremely funny , the first part making up for any flaws that come later .
A sleek advert
is a movie full of grace
is a movie that puts itself squarely in the service of the lovers who inhabit it
is a movie that refreshes the mind and spirit along with the body
is a movie that puts itself squarely in the service of the lovers who inhabit it .
the crazy things that keep people going in this crazy life
with a kick
star performances
her grace with a moving camera
her inventive director
her grace
creepy and believable
creepy , scary effectiveness
creepy-scary
cresting
creepy-scary thriller
The powder blues and sun-splashed whites of Tunis make an alluring backdrop for this sensuous and spirited tale of a prim widow who finds an unlikely release in belly-dancing clubs .
guilty-pleasure , daytime-drama sort
guilty-pleasure
thrilling
by superb
set in the world of lingerie models and bar dancers in the Midwest that held my interest precisely because it did n't try to
set in the world of lingerie models and bar dancers
pretty and gifted , it really won my heart
a gorgeously strange movie , heaven is deeply concerned with morality , but it refuses to spell things out for viewers
a gorgeously strange movie , heaven is deeply concerned with morality , but
, Spirited Away is a triumph of imagination
fast-paced action
far more interesting
far more interesting to the soderbergh faithful
fast-paced
A burst of color , music , and dance that only the most practiced curmudgeon could fail to crack a smile at
A brisk , reverent , and subtly different sequel
A brisk , reverent , and subtly different sequel .
A bright , inventive , thoroughly winning flight of revisionist fancy .
A brilliant gag
A breezy blend of art , history , esoteric musings and philosophy .
A bright , inventive
thrills
an astonishing voice cast ( excepting Love Hewitt )
an astonishing voice cast ( excepting Love Hewitt ) ,
an astonishing voice cast
an astonishing voice cast ( excepting Love Hewitt ) , an interesting racial tension , and
an astonishing voice cast ( excepting Love Hewitt ) , an interesting racial tension , and a storyline
an astonishing voice cast ( excepting Love Hewitt ) , an interesting racial tension
speaks volumes , offering up a hallucinatory dreamscape that frustrates and captivates
lets her complicated characters be unruly , confusing and , through it all , human
libido film
librarian ( Orlando Jones ) who knows everything and answers all questions , is visually smart , cleverly written , and nicely realized
deliver a great story
delivered ,
very much a step in the right direction , with its blend of frankness , civility and compassion
Dong provides perspective with his intelligent grasp of human foibles and contradictions .
very lucky filmmaker
very open-minded approach
very open-minded
is a very good viewing alternative for young women
is a very good viewing alternative for young women .
a rock-solid little genre picture
a riveting movie experience
a rollicking adventure for you
a rollicking adventure
moved to the edge of their seats by the dynamic first act
moved to the edge of their seats
, ambitious
moved to tears
moved by this drama
motion captured on film .
is a trove of delights
luminous yet careworn in Jane Hamilton 's exemplary costumes
luminous
as funny , if not more so ,
as funny , if not more so , than both Austin Powers films
as if they were tales that had been handed down since the beginning of time
The movie feels like it 's going to be great , and
The movie feels like it 's going to be great ,
playing an ingenue makes her nomination as best actress even more of a an a
robust and scary
rock-solid little genre picture
confident , richly
confident filmmaking and
confident filmmaking and a pair of fascinating performances
confident , richly acted , emotionally devastating piece
confident filmmaking
A blessed gift to film
A blessed gift
If anything , the film is doing something of a public service -- shedding light on a group of extremely talented musicians who might otherwise go unnoticed and underappreciated by music fans .
A beguiling splash
A beautiful and haunting examination of the stories we tell ourselves to make sense of the mundane horrors of the world .
A beautiful and haunting examination of the stories
A beautiful and haunting examination
A big , gorgeous , sprawling swashbuckler that delivers its diversions in grand , uncomplicated fashion .
A big , gorgeous , sprawling swashbuckler that
A big , gorgeous , sprawling swashbuckler
A beguiling splash of pastel colors and prankish comedy from Disney .
a mournful undercurrent that places the good-time shenanigans in welcome perspective
an exhilarating new interpretation
an exercise in chilling style , and Twohy films the sub , inside and out
an exercise in chilling style
an exciting plot
an exercise in chilling style ,
an evanescent , seamless and sumptuous stream of consciousness
an evanescent , seamless and sumptuous stream
an excellent companion piece
best American movie
presence to become a major-league leading lady , ( but )
striking a blow for artistic integrity
striking deep chords of sadness
strikes a potent chemistry
strikes a potent chemistry with Molina
prescribed
expertly plucking tension from quiet
experimentation and improvisation
expedience
experienced by millions
, amusing
his is an interesting character
, along with his sister , Sofia , is a real filmmaker .
, along with his sister , Sofia , is a real filmmaker . It must be in the genes
, almost every relationship and personality in the film yields surprises .
, almost mystical work
, after only three films , director\/co-writer Jacques Audiard , though little known in this country , belongs in the very top rank of French filmmakers
, the fights become not so much a struggle of man vs . man as Brother-Man vs . The Man .
, to find a way to bend current technique to the service of a vision of the past that is faithful to both architectural glories and commanding open spaces of the city as it was more than two centuries ago
, touching and well paced .
beloved kids ' books to the screen
, true to himself
, twist-and-turn thriller
emotional ghosts of a freshly painted Rembrandt
Has an unmistakable , easy joie de vivre
Harvard Man is something rare and riveting : a wild ride that relies on more than special effects .
Hartley adds enough quirky and satirical touches in the screenplay to keep the film entertaining .
emotional and moral
emotional and
emotional force
spark genuine chemistry
specifically expounded via computer animated Old Testament tale of Jonah and the Whale . Determined to be fun
whimsical
in the lively , convincing dialogue
in the lively , convincing dialogue she creates for her characters
in the film 's verbal pokes
in the endlessly inventive , fiercely competitive world of hip-hop DJs
Ballistic :
Ballistic : Ecks Vs . Sever
a `` Friday '' worth waiting for
tenderly observant of his characters
took of the family vacation
for occasional smiles
for only 71 minutes
It is interesting and fun to see Goodall and her chimpanzees on the bigger-than-life screen .
It might be tempting to regard Mr . Andrew and his collaborators as oddballs , but Mr . Earnhart 's quizzical
It extends the writings of Jean Genet and John Rechy , the films of Fassbinder , perhaps even the nocturnal works of Goya .
It helps that Lil Bow Wow ... tones down his pint-sized gangsta act to play someone who resembles a real kid .
It might be tempting to regard Mr . Andrew and his collaborators as oddballs , but Mr . Earnhart 's quizzical , charming movie allows us to see them , finally , as artists .
visual flourishes
be funny , uplifting and moving , sometimes
is born out of an engaging storyline , which also is n't embarrassed to make you reach for the tissues .
is born out of an engaging storyline , which also is n't embarrassed to make you reach for the tissues
is better than any summer blockbuster we had to endure last summer , and hopefully , sets the tone for a summer of good stuff .
is better than any summer blockbuster we had to endure last summer , and hopefully , sets the tone for a summer of good stuff
is careful not to make fun of these curious owners of architectural oddities
is campy fun like the Vincent Price horror classics of the '60s .
, the film , directed by Joel Zwick , is heartfelt and hilarious in ways you ca n't fake .
vibrant and
the bounties of cultural artifacts inside St . Petersburg
delivers warm , genuine characters who lie not through dishonesty , but because they genuinely believe it 's the only way to bring happiness to their loved ones .
delivers warm , genuine characters who lie not through dishonesty , but because they genuinely believe it 's the only way to bring happiness to their loved ones
delivers the goods for Schwarzenegger fans .
delivers the goods for Schwarzenegger fans
delivers not just the full assault of Reno 's immense wit and insight
delivers its diversions in grand , uncomplicated fashion .
delivers a typically solid performance in a role that is a bit of a departure from the noble characters he has played in the past
delivers a solid mixture of sweetness and laughs .
delivers a solid mixture of sweetness and laughs
while happily killing 94 minutes
while providing a precious twinkle of insight into their lives
lies with Kissinger . Should be required viewing for civics classes and would-be public servants alike
lies with Kissinger . Should be required viewing for civics classes and would-be public servants alike .
Big Payoff
many can aspire but none can equal
with table manners
of Mr. Chabrol 's subtlest works
The difference between Cho and most comics is that her confidence in her material is merited .
The director and her capable cast appear to be caught in a heady whirl of New Age-inspired good intentions , but
The dirty jokes provide the funniest moments in this oddly sweet comedy about jokester highway patrolmen .
to the 1999 hit
to tears by a couple of scenes
to tell a simple story , perhaps the simplest story of all , in a way that seems compelling and even original
The difference is that I truly enjoyed most of Mostly Martha while I ne
cool stuff packed into ESPN 's Ultimate X.
cool visual backmasking )
cool visual backmasking
anchors the film with his effortless performance and that trademark grin of his -- so perfect for a ballplayer
anchoring performance
anchored by splendid performances from an honored screen veteran and a sparkling newcomer who instantly transform themselves into a believable mother\/daughter pair
anchoring
it is n't a comparison to reality so much as it is a commentary about our knowledge of films .
some savvy street activism
held my attention
some outrageously creative action
, there is no doubt that Krawczyk deserves a huge amount of the credit for the film 's thoroughly winning tone .
helmer
` Bartleby ' so effectively makes it
some outrageously creative action in The Transporter
a David and Goliath
a David and Goliath story that 's still very much playing itself out
than one might expect when you look at the list of movies starring Ice-T in a major role
this shimmering
than recommended -- as visually bland as a dentist 's waiting room , complete with soothing Muzak and a cushion of predictable narrative rhythms
for conveying the way tiny acts of kindness make ordinary life survivable
he does make for excellent company ,
he 's quite a talented director and
immense IMAX screen
but mostly the humor is of the sweet , gentle and occasionally cloying kind that has become an Iranian specialty .
but mostly the humor is of the sweet , gentle and occasionally cloying kind that has become an Iranian specialty
but it is a good Bond movie , which still makes it much better than your typical Bond knock-offs .
but it exudes a kind of nostalgic spy-movie charm and , at the same time , is so fresh and free of the usual thriller nonsense that it all seems to be happening for the first time .
but his words and images do n't have to add up to mesmerize you .
but entertaining enough at ` face value ' to recommend to anyone looking for something different .
it was so endlessly , grotesquely , inventive
it was worth your seven bucks
it weirdly appealing
it will be ,
A chilling tale of one of the great crimes of 20th Century France : the murder of two rich women by their servants in 1933 .
The movie 's ripe , enrapturing beauty
's a spectacular performance - ahem
cuts to the core of what it actually means to face your fears , to be a girl in a world of boys , to be a boy truly in love with a girl , and to ride the big metaphorical wave that is life -- wherever it takes you .
A chilling tale of one of the great crimes of 20th Century France :
impart an almost visceral sense of dislocation and change
cute factor
cuts to the core of what it actually means to face your fears , to be a girl in a world of boys , to be a boy truly in love with a girl , and to ride the big metaphorical wave that is life -- wherever it takes you
immersed in love , lust , and sin
to cling to the edge of your seat
to catch the pitch of his poetics , savor the pleasure of his sounds and images , and ponder the historical , philosophical , and ethical issues that intersect with them
to champion the fallibility of the human heart
breezy romantic comedy
is fiercely intelligent and uncommonly ambitious .
is fiercely intelligent and uncommonly ambitious
lust
is first-rate , especially Sorvino .
, director Carlos Carrera expertly weaves this novelistic story of entangled interrelationships and complex morality .
impeccable comic timing
lovingly photographed in the manner of a golden book sprung to life , stuart little 2 manages sweetness largely without stickiness
lovingly photographed in the manner of a golden book sprung to life , stuart little 2 manages sweetness largely without stickiness .
engaging enough
engaging mystery
engaging characters
engaging comedy
engaging despite being noticeably derivative of Goodfellas and at least a half dozen other trouble-in-the-ghetto flicks
engaging and literate
engaging and literate psychodrama
engaging and moving portrait
engaging as it is revealing
this fascinating -- and timely -- content comes wrapped
this fascinating -- and timely -- content
sad but endearing
that some movie formulas do n't need messing with
that shows its indie tatters and self-conscious seams in places , but has some quietly moving moments and an intelligent subtlety
that should n't stop die-hard French film connoisseurs from going out and enjoying the big-screen experience
that should please history fans
the impact of the Disney classic ,
sad but endearing characters
a cinephile 's feast , an invitation to countless interpretations
a classic mother\/daughter struggle
a classic movie franchise
made a remarkable film that explores the monster 's psychology not in order to excuse him but rather to demonstrate that his pathology evolved from human impulses that grew hideously twisted
made a film that is an undeniably worthy and devastating experience
The rare Imax movie that you 'll wish
The rare Imax movie that you 'll wish was longer than an hour .
The production values are of the highest and the performances attractive without being memorable .
The problems and characters it reveals are universal and involving , and the film itself -- as well its delightful cast -- is so breezy , pretty and gifted , it really won my heart .
Sandler , liberated from the constraints of formula
triumphant ,
modest amusements
modest , straight-ahead standards
there 's some centered storytelling to go along with all the weird stuff
a greater intelligence
love , duty and friendship
creates delicate balance of style , text , and subtext that 's so simple and precise that anything discordant would topple the balance
creates images even more haunting than those in Mr . Spielberg 's 1993 classic
creates a film of near-hypnotic physical beauty
classic theater piece
creates a film of near-hypnotic physical beauty even as he tells a story as horrifying as any in the heart-breakingly extensive annals of white-on-black racism .
creates a stunning , Taxi Driver-esque portrayal of a man teetering on the edge of sanity
insightful and entertaining
insightful enough
love , history , memory , resistance and artistic transcendence
love , memory
a fascinating study of the relationship between mothers
to please its intended audience -- children -- without placing their parents in a coma-like state
shows them the respect they are due .
The movie is well crafted
insightful , empathetic performances
... spiced with humor ( ' I speak fluent flatula , ' advises Denlopp after a rather , er , bubbly exchange with an alien deckhand ) and witty updatings ( Silver 's parrot has been replaced with Morph , a cute alien creature who mimics everyone and everything around )
... somehow manages to escape the shackles of its own clichés to be the best espionage picture to come out in weeks .
... spiced with humor ( ' I speak fluent flatula , ' advises Denlopp after a rather , er , bubbly exchange with an alien deckhand )
... spiced with humor ( ' I speak fluent flatula , ' advises Denlopp after a rather , er , bubbly exchange with an alien deckhand ) and
... quite endearing .
... Pray does n't have a passion for the material . He nonetheless appreciates the art and reveals a music scene that transcends culture and race .
the tale unfolds like a lazy summer afternoon and concludes with the crisp clarity of a fall dawn
it fills the time with drama , romance , tragedy , bravery , political intrigue , partisans and sabotage . Viva le Resistance
90-plus years taking the effort to share his impressions of life and loss and time and art with us
of wit or charm
a charm
tells a story whose restatement is validated by the changing composition of the nation .
you just have to love the big , dumb , happy movie My Big Fat Greek Wedding .
you to pick apart its faults even as you have to admit that somehow it hit you where you live
esteemed
a frightful vanity film that , no doubt , pays off what debt Miramax felt they owed to Benigni
A film about female friendship that men can embrace and women will talk about for hours .
A film about female friendship that men can embrace and women
A film centering on a traditional Indian wedding in contemporary New Delhi may not sound like specialized fare , but Mira Nair 's film is an absolute delight for all audiences .
A film centering on a traditional Indian wedding in contemporary New Delhi may not sound like specialized fare , but Mira Nair 's film is an absolute delight for all audiences
Renner carries much of the film with a creepy and dead-on performance .
Renner ? s face is chillingly unemotive , yet he communicates a great deal in his performance . See it for his performance if nothing else .
A film in a class with Spike Lee 's masterful Do The Right Thing .
A film in a class with Spike Lee 's masterful
Remove Spider-Man the movie from its red herring surroundings and it 's apparent that this is one summer film that satisfies .
is an absolute delight for all audiences
raunchy and frequently hilarious follow-up
raunchy and frequently hilarious
raucously amusing
raucously
Kids five and up will be delighted with the fast , funny
Kids five and up will be delighted with the fast , funny , and
Kids five and up will be delighted with the fast , funny ,
Kids five and up will be delighted with the fast , funny , and even touching story . Parents may even find that it goes by quickly , because it has some of the funniest jokes of any movie this year , including those intended for adults .
Kids five and up will be delighted with the fast , funny , and even touching story . Parents may even find that it goes by quickly , because it has some of the funniest jokes of any movie this year , including those intended for adults
Kids will love its fantasy and adventure ,
Kids will love its fantasy and adventure
More successful
those rare docs that paints a grand picture of an era and makes the journey feel like a party
Jim Brown , a celebrated wonder in the spotlight
reel in the audience
appropriate
approached with imagination and flair
might have fun in this cinematic sandbox
appreciative you are of this
appreciates intelligent , stylish moviemaking
appreciates
that way that makes us consider our own eccentricities and how they are expressed through our homes
dominate the story
John Hughes comedy
fanciful thinkers
as a fishing show
as ' a perfect family film , ' because it 's about family
bidder
share his story so compellingly with us is a minor miracle
Tartakovsky 's team has some freakish powers of visual charm
Tartakovsky 's team has some freakish powers of visual charm , but
Tartakovsky 's team has some freakish powers of visual charm ,
and remarkable
and refreshingly unusual
and really asks you to take these great leaps of faith and pays off
and realistically drawn characterizations
and resonant
seen through the right eyes
such high-profile talent serve such literate material
such high-profile talent
comfortably
such an engrossing story
such conviction
such confidence
such fury
such fresh territory
of the charm and little
dark , gritty , sometimes funny little gem
dark , gritty , sometimes funny
dark room
you only need to watch for about thirty seconds before you say to yourself , ` Ah , yes
you reasonably entertained
you realize there 's no place for this story to go but down
Audrey Tatou has a knack for picking roles that magnify her outrageous charm , and in this literate French comedy , she 's as morning-glory exuberant as she was in Amélie
were made to share the silver screen .
composed delivery
greatest pictures
greatest plays
great story
great team
great to begin with
more ambitious
more accurate than anything
has a bracing truth that 's refreshing after the phoniness of female-bonding pictures like Divine Secrets of the Ya-Ya Sisterhood .
miss Wilde 's still-contemporary play
very stylish and
is almost guaranteed that even the stuffiest cinema goers will laugh their \*\*\* off for an hour-and-a-half
inimitable
inimitable Walken especially
inner rhythms
innocence and wisdom
has a caffeinated , sloppy brilliance , sparkling with ideas you wish had been developed with more care ,
a Tarantino movie with heart
The Hours makes you examine your own life in much the same way its characters do , and the experience is profound . The Hours is what movies are supposed to be
The Powers team has fashioned a comedy with more laughs than many , no question . But
The Powers team has fashioned a comedy with more laughs than many , no question . But this time there 's some mold on the gold
The Emperor 's New Clothes '' begins with a simple plan ...
The Hours makes you examine your own life in much the same way its characters do ,
The Hours makes you examine your own life in much the same way its characters do , and
very tasteful rock
The additional storyline is interesting and entertaining ,
The additional storyline is interesting and entertaining , but
with complexity
informed , adult hindsight
with appealing fresh faces
generating Oscar talk
irreverent energy
make it required viewing in university computer science departments for years to come
make its subject interesting to those who are n't part of its supposed target audience . Judging by those standards , ` Scratch ' is a pretty decent little documentary
make its subject interesting to those who are n't part of its supposed target audience .
is serene , the humor wry and sprightly
is serene , the humor wry and sprightly .
still manages at least a decent attempt at meaningful cinema
in that sense is a movie that deserves recommendation
's hard to beat
in admitting that my enjoyment came at the expense of seeing justice served , even if it 's a dish that 's best served cold
's got oodles of style and substance
's emotionally engrossing
's good
's amazingly perceptive in its subtle , supportive but unsentimental look at the Marks family
in action
's most striking about this largely celebratory film
There 's no question that Epps scores once or twice
choreographed
has a bracing truth that 's refreshing after the phoniness of female-bonding pictures like Divine Secrets of the Ya-Ya Sisterhood
fit
first-timer
five contemporary individuals ... a psychological masterpiece
into the mainstream of filmmaking with an assurance worthy of international acclaim
intoxicating
venture forth
formulaic sports drama that carries a charge of genuine excitement
much more ordinary
much more eye-catching than its blood-drenched Stephen Norrington-directed predecessor
Alias Betty is richly detailed , deftly executed and utterly absorbing .
watch these two together
wish we could have spent more time in its world
his outstanding performance
his outstanding performance as Bond in Die
of sophisticated intrigue and human-scale characters
film to affirm love 's power to help people endure almost unimaginable horror
it ever been possible to say that Williams has truly inhabited a character
it exudes a kind of nostalgic spy-movie charm and , at the same time , is so fresh and free of the usual thriller nonsense that it all seems to be happening for the first time .
it great
it hit you where you live
it is a good Bond movie , which still makes it much better than your typical Bond knock-offs .
it is a good Bond movie , which still makes it much better than your typical Bond knock-offs
Almost everyone growing up believes their family must look like '' The Addams Family '' to everyone looking in ... '' My Big Fat Greek Wedding '' comes from the heart
Alternately hilarious and sad
that that 's exactly what these two people need to find each other
that takes Mr. Hill higher than he 's been in a while
ethnic sleeper
Is God
Intacto 's luckiest stroke
Invincible shows he 's back in form , with an astoundingly rich film .
Iosseliani
in this elegant entertainment
in their cheap , B movie way , they succeed
in the work of the director , Frank Novak , that keeps the film grounded in an undeniable social realism
the very best of them
makes for perfectly acceptable , occasionally very enjoyable children 's entertainment . You 'll forget about it by Monday , though , and if they 're old enough to have developed some taste
makes it a suitable entry into the fest circuit
makes for a surprisingly cinematic experience .
makes for perfectly acceptable , occasionally very enjoyable children 's entertainment .
makes compelling , provocative and prescient viewing .
makes for a surprisingly cinematic experience
makes compelling , provocative and prescient viewing
makes a meal of it
-- and at times , All My Loved Ones more than flirts with kitsch -- the tale commands attention .
through its tidal wave of imagery
thriller `` New Best Friend ''
it is a hilarious place to visit
just two of the elements that will grab you
just wants to be liked by the people who can still give him work .
justifies
justifies its own existence
the '' Queen
best thing
best soundtrack
best selling novel
best sellers
best same-sex romance
best moments
great deal
great actress
that is a visual tour-de-force and a story that is unlike any
great in his role
great glimpse
defiantly and delightfully against the grain
deeply satisfying awareness of the best movies as monumental ` picture shows
deeply satisfying awareness
deeply satisfying
deeply affecting film
deeper realization
It 's not just a feel-good movie , it 's a feel movie . You feel good , you feel sad , you feel pissed off , but in the end , you feel alive - which is what they did .
most accomplished work
almost saccharine domestic interludes
all-ages triumph
all-stars
all-American girl
all-American
endearing about it
endearing about it .
endeavors
The otherwise good-naturedness of Mr . Deeds , with its embrace of sheer goofiness and cameos of less -
earns its moments of pathos
earnestness
Below may not mark Mr . Twohy 's emergence into the mainstream , but his promise remains undiminished .
Below may not mark Mr . Twohy 's emergence into the mainstream , but his promise remains undiminished
capturing the understated comedic agony of an ever-ruminating , genteel yet decadent aristocracy that can no longer pay its bills
car chases , this movie is a phlegmatic bore , so tedious it makes the silly spy vs . spy film The Sum of All Fears , starring Ben Affleck
Beneath Clouds establishes Sen as a filmmaker of considerable potential .
the tear-jerking demands
captures both the beauty of the land and the people .
captures the chaotic insanity and personal tragedies that are all too abundant when human hatred spews forth unchecked .
captures the debilitating grief
captures the dry wit that 's so prevalent on The Rock
captures the soul of a man in pain who gradually comes to recognize it and deal with it
captures the wonders and worries of childhood
captures them by freeing them from artefact
a neat twist , subtly rendered , that could have wrapped things up at 80 minutes
a neat twist , subtly rendered
a neat twist , subtly rendered ,
a new kind of high
You walk out of The Good Girl with mixed emotions -- disapproval of Justine combined with a tinge of understanding for her actions .
Your 20th outing shows off a lot of stamina and vitality , and get this , Madonna 's cameo does n't suck !
You wo n't miss its messages , but you 'll be entertained as well
there is an interesting story of pointed personalities
there is and
recommend SECRETARY
in a big way
this film always keeping the balance between the fantastic and the believable
this gorgeous film a must for everyone from junior scientists to grown-up fish lovers
short of profound characterizations
Griffin & Co. manage to be spectacularly outrageous .
Grenier is terrific , bringing an unforced , rapid-fire delivery to Toback 's Heidegger - and Nietzsche-referencing dialogue .
at the same time , which is a pretty amazing accomplishment
uncomfortably timely , relevant
challenging , sometimes clever ,
uncommonly ambitious
uncomfortably timely , relevant , and sickeningly real
uncomfortably timely , relevant , and
uncomfortably timely , relevant ,
uncommonly sincere movie that portrays the frank humanity of ... emotional recovery
uncommonly sincere
seems to really care
does the nearly impossible
colors and prankish comedy
colorful
colorful action farce
colorful set pieces
enjoyably
enjoy their eccentricities
enjoy in a memorable ensemble piece
enhance the film 's otherworldly quality , giving it a strange combo of you-are-there closeness with the disorienting unreality of the seemingly broken-down fourth wall of the movie screen .
enjoyable film
enjoyable family film
enjoy this colorful action farce
enjoy thinking about compelling questions with no easy answers
like a serious read , filled with heavy doses of always enticing Sayles dialogue
like a super hero
like a super hero , he can out-stealth any agent , he 'll get the girl .
like an extended episode of Touched by an Angel
like a tasty hors-d'oeuvre
'll probably be the best and most mature comedy of the 2002 summer season speaks more of the season than the picture
'll love it and
'll love it and probably want to see it twice
his passion
truly edgy
of maturity displayed by this 33-year-old first-time feature director
how the creative process
how the bike still remains an ambiguous icon in Chinese society
how people from such diverse cultures share the same human and spiritual needs
how much pleasure I had watching McGrath 's version
how to drive it to the max
embraced
embraced by this gentle comedy
embellishing
were wonderful
serious soul
handed down from the movie gods on a silver platter
handed down from the movie gods on a silver platter , this is it
enhanced
much better than your typical Bond knock-offs
looks like a juicy , delicious plum on a hot summer day
much better
The trick when watching Godard is to catch the pitch of his poetics , savor the pleasure of his sounds and images , and ponder the historical , philosophical , and ethical issues that intersect with them .
The two leads , nearly perfect in their roles
The two leads , nearly perfect in their roles ,
inventive photography and cutting , and wall-to-wall toe-tapping music to paint a picture of a subculture that is at once exhilarating , silly , perverse , hopeful and always fun
inventively
inventive and refreshingly unusual
inventive photography and cutting
inventively detailed and packed with fleet turns of plot and a feast of visual amazement .
inventively detailed
inventively detailed and packed with fleet turns of plot and a feast of visual amazement
with a teeth-clenching gusto
phenomenon
philosophical depth
physically spectacular qualities
established filmmaker
it rises in its courageousness , and comedic employment .
If ever a concept came handed down from the movie gods on a silver platter , this is it .
it reveals
it really won my heart
it remains brightly optimistic , coming through in the end
is strictly a lightweight escapist film .
's about following your dreams , no matter what your parents think
is still quite good-natured
is still quite good-natured and
is still quite good-natured and not a bad way to spend an hour or two
is still quite good-natured and not a bad way to spend an hour or two .
is still able to create an engaging story that keeps you guessing at almost every turn .
is still good fun
is still good fun .
's absolutely amazing how first-time director Kevin Donovan managed to find something new to add to the canon of Chan
If ever a concept came handed down from the movie gods on a silver platter
a catalyst for the struggle of black manhood in restrictive and chaotic America
An incredibly thoughtful , deeply meditative picture that neatly and effectively captures the debilitating grief felt in the immediate aftermath of the terrorist attacks .
a case study that exists apart from all the movie 's political ramifications
a cast that seems to include every top-notch British actor who did not appear in Gosford Park ( as well as one , Ms . Mirren , who did )
a canny crowd pleaser , and The Last Kiss ...
An incredibly thoughtful , deeply meditative picture that neatly and effectively captures the debilitating grief
a career-defining revelation
a canny crowd pleaser , and The Last Kiss ... provides more than enough sentimental catharsis for a satisfying evening at the multiplex
An incredibly thoughtful , deeply meditative picture
well-intentioned
well-meaning to a fault ,
well-meaning to a fault
well-meaning to a fault , antwone fisher manages the dubious feat of turning one man 's triumph of will into everyman 's romance comedy
An indispensable peek at the art and the agony of making people laugh .
, memories and one fantastic visual trope
gal-pal smart talk , romantic comedy and
gal-pal smart talk , romantic comedy
that Myers is no longer simply spoofing the mini-mod-madness of '60s spy movies
that Kissing Jessica Stein may be the best same-sex romance I have seen
that I could n't help being captivated by it
that a fresh take is always possible
that The Rookie is a nearly impeccable cinematic experience -- and a wonderful all-ages triumph besides --
touching drama
its stylistic
its simplicity
its splendor
` refreshing
a zany mix of Saturday Night Live-style parody , '70s Blaxploitation films and goofball action comedy gone wild
a zany mix of Saturday Night Live-style parody , '70s Blaxploitation films and goofball action comedy
` laughing
much more watchable
much of the action takes place
90-plus
of pure craft and passionate heart
for an older one
for both the scenic splendor of the mountains
for both children and parents
for both the scenic splendor of the mountains and for legendary actor Michel Serrault , the film
pull out all the stops
pulls it off .
The Transporter is as lively and as fun as it is unapologetically dumb
The Pianist is a fine valedictory work for Polanski
The Pianist is a fine valedictory work for Polanski , made richer by his own experiences , making his other movies somehow richer in the bargain .
The additional storyline is interesting and entertaining
The best movie
The best movie of its kind since ` Brazil . ' Lucas , take notes . This
Fresh and
Fresh and raw
Fresh and raw like a blown-out vein , Narc takes a walking-dead , cop-flick subgenre and beats new life into it .
Frida with a visual style unique and inherent
At its best , which occurs often
At its best , this is grand-scale moviemaking for a larger-than-life figure , an artist who has been awarded mythic status in contemporary culture .
slapstick humor for the kids ,
Astonishingly skillful and moving ... it could become a historically significant work as well as a masterfully made one .
Astonishingly skillful and moving ... it could become a historically significant work as well as a masterfully made one
Astonishingly skillful and moving ...
Astonishingly skillful and moving
At its best ( and it does have some very funny sequences ) Looking for Leonard
At 78 minutes it just zings along with vibrance and warmth .
Maelstrom is strange and compelling , engrossing and different , a moral tale with a twisted sense of humor .
Maelstrom is strange and compelling , engrossing and different ,
Maelstrom is strange and compelling , engrossing and different , a moral tale with a twisted sense of humor
Majidi is an unconventional storyteller , capable of finding beauty in the most depressing places .
Malcolm McDowell ? Cool
graceful , moving tribute
graceful , moving
grandiloquent
grand locations
grandiosity
grandly
rush to the theatre for this one
into a few evocative images and striking character traits
into a lean , economical movie
the extraordinarily rich landscape
the extravagant confidence
found a cult favorite
found a cult favorite to enjoy for a lifetime
found it weirdly appealing
found its sweet spot
found a tough beauty
found in its ability to spoof both black and white stereotypes equally
Alexandre Desplat 's haunting and sublime music
found myself liking the film
found myself liking the film ,
Alan and his fellow survivors are idiosyncratic enough to lift the movie above its playwriting 101 premise .
Alexandre
this cross-cultural
those standards , ` Scratch ' is a pretty decent little documentary
delicious
hold a candle to the original
Holm ... embodies the character with an effortlessly regal charisma .
There are moments it can be heart-rending in an honest and unaffected ( and gentle ) way .
Beresford nicely mixes in as much humor as pathos to take us on his sentimental journey of the heart . It really is a shame that more wo n't get an opportunity to embrace small , sweet ` Evelyn . '
Bennett 's naturalistic performance speaks volumes more truth than any ` reality ' show , and anybody contemplating their own drastic life changes should watch Some Body first
Bennett 's naturalistic performance speaks volumes more truth than any ` reality ' show , and anybody contemplating their own drastic life changes should watch Some Body first .
Bennett 's naturalistic performance speaks volumes more truth than any ` reality ' show
Bennett 's naturalistic performance speaks volumes more truth than any ` reality ' show ,
Bennett 's naturalistic performance speaks volumes more truth than any ` reality ' show , and
Shindler
shot all the way .
She may not be real , but the laughs are
She may not be real , but the laughs are .
She nearly glows with enthusiasm , sensuality and a conniving wit .
Sheds light
Sheds light on a subject few are familiar with , and makes you care about music you may not have heard before .
parents love to have their kids
it achieves some kind of goofy grandeur
it , offering fine acting moments and pungent insights
part biography , part entertainment
it sounds sick and twisted , but the miracle of shainberg 's film is that it truly is romance
it truly is romance
has learned new tricks
Denis and co-writer Michele Petin 's impeccable screenplay penetrates with a rawness that that is both unflinching and tantalizing
Despite what anyone believes about the goal of its makers , the show ... represents a spectacular piece of theater , and
Dazzling and
Day is not a great Bond movie , but it is a good Bond movie , which still makes it much better than your typical Bond knock-offs
Dazzling and sugar-sweet , a blast of shallow magnificence that only sex , scandal , and a chorus line of dangerous damsels can deliver
Dazzling and sugar-sweet ,
Despite what anyone believes about the goal of its makers , the show ... represents a spectacular piece of theater , and there 's no denying the talent of the creative forces behind it
an original
an otherwise intense , twist-and-turn thriller that certainly should n't hurt
an otherwise intense , twist-and-turn thriller
an original treatment of a deeply personal subject
an otherwise intense , twist-and-turn thriller that certainly should n't hurt talented young Gaghan 's resume .
coming , as before , from the incongruous but chemically perfect teaming of Crystal and De Niro
While it is welcome to see a Chinese film depict a homosexual relationship in a mature and frank fashion
While much of the cast has charm -- especially Allodi and Nolden --
do n't notice the 129-minute running time
the film is , arguably , the most accomplished work to date from Hong Kong 's versatile Stanley Kwan .
when are bears bears and
do n't seem ever to run out of ideas
comic parody and pulp melodrama , this smart-aleck movie ... tosses around some intriguing questions about the difference between human and android life
comic scenes fly
one of the most visually stunning and thematically moving epics in recent memory
an unusual , thoughtful bio-drama
one of his richest roles
one of his richest roles in years
one of the best examples of artful Large Format filmmaking you are likely to see anytime soon
one of the best films of the year
one of the most compelling variations on In the Company of Men
one of the most honest films ever made about Hollywood
one of the most important stories
one of the most ingenious and entertaining
The Good Girl is a film in which the talent is undeniable but
at keeping themselves kicking
The Importance of Being Earnest , so thick with wit it plays like a reading from Bartlett 's Familiar Quotations
at least a few good ideas
I enjoyed it enough to recommend .
I complain all the time about seeing the same ideas repeated in films over and over again , but The Bourne Identity proves that a fresh take is always possible .
I could n't help being captivated by it
I cried , not once , but three times in this animated sweet film
I cried , not once , but three times in this animated sweet film .
I do n't think I 've been as entranced and appalled by an Asian film since Shinya Tsukamoto 's Iron Man .
been more geeked when I heard that Apollo 13 was going to be released in IMAX format ?
, introspective and entertaining
been remarkable
been kind enough to share it
, interesting as a documentary -- but not very Imaxy .
Chilling but uncommercial
Chilling , well-acted , and finely directed : David Jacobson 's Dahmer .
Chilling , well-acted , and finely directed
Chilling
been remarkable about clung-to traditions
possibly will enjoy it
No one goes unindicted here , which is probably for the best . And if you 're not nearly moved to tears by a couple of scenes
Nine Queens
Nicolas Philibert observes life inside a one-room schoolhouse in northern France in his documentary To Be and to Have , easily one of the best films of the year .
Nine Queens is not only than a frighteningly capable debut and genre piece , but also a snapshot of a dangerous political situation on the verge of coming to a head .
the lively intelligence of the artists and their perceptiveness about their own situations
the lively intelligence of the artists
the lively intelligence of the artists and
technical prowess
sweet treasure and something
anchoring the characters in the emotional realities of middle age
You have to pay attention to follow all the stories , but they 're each interesting
You feel good , you feel sad , you feel pissed off , but in the end , you feel alive - which is what they did
one of San Francisco 's most vital , if least widely recognized , creative fountainheads
You feel good , you feel sad , you feel pissed off ,
one occasion when they have unearthed a rare gem
You live the mood rather than savour the story .
, it 's as good as you remember .
one helluva time at the movies
one helluva time
one for the masses
right direction
right at home
right at home at the Saturday matinee
An escapist confection that 's pure entertainment .
is fluid and quick
An entertaining mix of period drama and flat-out farce that should please history fans .
An enjoyable feel-good family comedy regardless of race .
An entertaining mix
An enjoyable feel-good family comedy
An enjoyable feel-good family comedy regardless of race
in our hearts for acceptance
in power in retrospect
is a movie you can trust .
then Esther 's story is a compelling quest for truth .
is never to tease , except gently and in that way that makes us consider our own eccentricities and how they are expressed through our homes .
is never to tease , except gently and in that way that makes us consider our own eccentricities and how they are expressed through our homes
is not a mass-market entertainment but an uncompromising attempt by one artist to think about another .
is not a mass-market entertainment but an uncompromising attempt by one artist to think about another
is a pretty amazing accomplishment
cinema 's finest
cine de entretenimiento puro y sin complejos
Martyr
This is n't a terrible film by any means , but
spirited fashion
spirited
spellbinding imagery and the entrancing music of Philip Glass
spirit and sense
spine tingle
spice to keep it interesting
spice
be a rarity in Hollywood
be a huge cut of above the rest
be a breakthrough in filmmaking
Just a string
can only point the way -- but thank goodness for this signpost
can only point the way -- but thank goodness for this signpost .
can only encourage us to see Samira Makhmalbaf as a very distinctive sensibility , working to develop her own film language with conspicuous success
can only love the players it brings to the fore for the gifted but no-nonsense human beings they are and for the still-inestimable contribution they have made to our shared history
can only love the players it brings to the fore for the gifted but no-nonsense human beings they are and for the still-inestimable contribution they have made to our shared history .
Swiftly
can open the door to liberation .
Hey Arnold ! is now stretched to barely feature length , with a little more attention paid to the animation . Still , the updated Dickensian sensibility of writer Craig Bartlett 's story is appealing .
Leading a double life in an American film only comes to no good , but not here
an inspirational love story
it 's a heck of a ride
it 's Robert Duvall !
an intelligent , life-affirming script
Gangster No. 1 is solid , satisfying fare for adults .
A great companion piece
A great companion piece to other Napoleon films
A gentle and engrossing character study .
García Bernal and Talancón are an immensely appealing couple ,
A genuinely funny ensemble comedy that also asks its audience -- in a heartwarming , nonjudgmental kind of way -- to consider what we value in our daily lives
A genuinely funny ensemble comedy that also asks its audience -- in a heartwarming , nonjudgmental kind of way -- to consider what we value in our daily lives .
A good music documentary
A good music documentary ,
A good music documentary , probably one of the best since The Last Waltz
García Bernal and Talancón are an immensely appealing couple
García Bernal and Talancón are an immensely appealing couple , and even though their story is predictable , you 'll want things to work out
this is one of the best-sustained ideas I have ever seen on the screen .
García Bernal and Talancón are an immensely appealing couple , and
's ... tremendous energy from the cast , a sense of playfulness and excitement that seems appropriate .
and engaging
good cause
's ... tremendous energy from the cast , a sense of playfulness and excitement that seems appropriate
twenty-first
turns out to be smarter and more diabolical than you could have guessed at the beginning .
got a house full of tots -- do n't worry
turns touching , raucously amusing , uncomfortable , and , yes , even sexy
gorgeous film
gorgeously atmospheric meditation
gorgeously made
gorgeousness
gorgeousness .
the movie addresses a hungry need for pg-rated , nonthreatening family movies ,
As David Letterman and The Onion have proven , the worst of tragedies can be fertile sources of humor ,
is the Vertical Limit of surfing movies - memorable stunts with lots of downtime in between .
is the best Star Trek movie in a long time .
is the best ` old neighborhood ' project
is the best Star Trek movie in a long time
is the best ` old neighborhood ' project since Christopher Walken kinda romanced Cyndi Lauper in The Opportunists
is the best kind of documentary , one that makes a depleted yesterday feel very much like a brand-new tomorrow
the true film buff will enjoy
is a fine valedictory work for Polanski
jazzy new revisionist theories
is a gem . His characters are engaging , intimate and the dialogue is realistic and greatly moving . The scope of the Silberstein family is large and we grow attached to their lives , full of strength , warmth and vitality .
joins the ranks of those gay filmmakers who have used the emigre experience to explore same-sex culture in ways that elude the more nationally settled
be awed by the power and grace of one of the greatest natural sportsmen of modern times
involving true story
you will probably like it .
that I ca n't wait to see what the director does next
Several of Steven Soderbergh 's earlier films were hailed as the works of an artist
Savvy director Robert J . Siegel and his co-writers keep the story subtle and us in suspense .
give strong and convincing performances
Savvy director Robert J . Siegel and his co-writers
Savvy director Robert J . Siegel and
is to be mesmerised
the stunning star turn
the stunning star turn by Djeinaba Diop Gai
the style and flash of the double-cross that made Mamet 's `` House of Games '' and last fall 's `` Heist '' so much fun
Like the film 's almost anthropologically detailed realization of early - '80s suburbia
Like Mike does n't win any points for originality . It does succeed by following a feel-good formula with a winning style , and by offering its target audience of urban kids some welcome role models and optimism .
Like
Like the film 's almost anthropologically detailed realization of early - '80s suburbia , it 's significant without being overstated .
challenging , sometimes clever
challenges perceptions of guilt and innocence , of good guys and bad , and asks
intermittently good
intermittently good time
intimate and the dialogue
interesting cinematic devices ( cool visual backmasking ) , a solid cast , and some wickedly sick and twisted humor
interesting storyline
interesting storytelling devices
intimate and the dialogue is realistic and greatly moving .
intimate and universal cinema
extremely funny
A good film with a solid pedigree both in front of and , more specifically , behind the camera .
A good piece
A good piece of
A good piece of work more often than not .
A giggle-inducing comedy with snappy dialogue and winning performances by an unlikely team of Oscar-winners : Susan Sarandon and Goldie Hawn
A giggle-inducing comedy with snappy dialogue and winning performances by an unlikely team of Oscar-winners : Susan Sarandon and Goldie Hawn .
A good film
A gorgeous , high-spirited musical
A gorgeous , high-spirited musical from India
thrills and a mystery
our best achievements and
our best achievements and other times
our action-and-popcorn obsessed culture will embrace this engaging and literate psychodrama
our best achievements
our best actors
by its wryly subversive tone
With tightly organized efficiency , numerous flashbacks and a constant edge of tension
With tightly organized efficiency , numerous flashbacks and a constant edge of tension , Miller 's film is one of 2002 's involvingly adult surprises .
With or without the sex , a wonderful tale of love and destiny , told well by a master storyteller
With the same sort of good-natured fun found in films like Tremors
With the same sort of good-natured fun found in films like Tremors , Eight Legged Freaks is prime escapist fare .
directs the traffic well , gets a nice wintry look from his locations , absorbs us with the movie 's spycraft and uses Damon 's ability to be focused and sincere .
directs the traffic well
directs the traffic well , gets a nice wintry look from his locations , absorbs us with the movie 's spycraft and uses Damon 's ability to be focused and sincere
keep this fresh
keep the viewer wide-awake all the way through .
head and heart
Only an epic documentary could get it all down , and Spike Lee 's Jim Brown : All American at long last gives its subject a movie worthy of his talents
the historical , philosophical , and
the historical , philosophical
to whet one 's appetite for the Bollywood films
Dogtown and Z-Boys more than exposes the roots of the skateboarding boom that would become '' the punk kids ' revolution . ''
Dogtown and Z-Boys has a compelling story to tell .
Dogtown & Z-Boys evokes the blithe rebel fantasy with the kind of insouciance embedded in the sexy demise of James Dean .
food-spittingly
Effectively
away . Otherwise , this could be a passable date film
The passions aroused by the discord between old and new cultures
The movie has an avalanche of eye-popping visual effects .
The movie has a soft , percolating magic , a deadpan suspense .
The kooky yet shadowy vision Clooney sustains throughout is daring , inventive and impressive .
The film has just enough of everything -- re-enactments , archival footage , talking-head interviews -- and the music is simply sublime .
The film has just enough of everything -- re-enactments , archival footage , talking-head interviews --
The passions aroused by the discord between old and new cultures are set against the strange , stark beauty of the Mideast desert , so lovingly and perceptively filmed that you can almost taste the desiccated air .
first , Mr . Koury 's passive technique
, in welcome contrast to the indulgent dead-end experimentation of the director 's previous Full Frontal
Eastwood at his best .
, incandescent tones and stupendous performances
in the movie 's soundtrack , a joyful effusion of disco Bollywood that , by the end of Monsoon Wedding , sent my spirit soaring out of the theater
, in many ways , an admirable achievement
Eastwood at his best
a very lucky filmmaker
a very lucky filmmaker the day
a vision
a vision of the past that is faithful to both architectural glories and commanding open spaces of the city as it was more than two centuries ago
a visceral level
a visceral level that transcends language
a visual treat
: very small children who will be delighted simply to spend more time with familiar cartoon characters .
fourth feature
four star performance
four hankies
there is enough secondary action to keep things moving along at a brisk , amusing pace
takes this never-ending confusion and hatred , puts a human face on it
takes its time to tell its story , casts mostly little-known performers in key roles ,
takes its time to tell its story , casts mostly little-known performers in key roles , and
takes place in Pasadena , '' a city where people still read .
the funniest American comedy since Graffiti Bridge
dark and quirky comedy
brought back the value and respect for the term epic cinema
brutally honest
brutally honest documentary
, well-worn video box cover
in White 's intermittently wise script
Robert Harmon 's less-is-more approach delivers real bump-in - the-night chills --
Robert Harmon 's less-is-more approach delivers real bump-in - the-night chills
Robert Harmon 's less-is-more approach delivers real bump-in - the-night chills -- his greatest triumph is keeping the creepy crawlies hidden in the film 's thick shadows .
Robert Harmon 's less-is-more approach delivers real bump-in - the-night chills -- his greatest triumph is keeping the creepy crawlies hidden in the film 's thick shadows
Robert Harmon 's less-is-more approach
people laugh
go down smoothly enough
go down smoothly enough with popcorn
the funniest American comedy
continues to shock throughout the film
continues her exploration of the outer limits of raunch with considerable brio .
continues her exploration of the outer limits of raunch with considerable brio
will have you at the edge of your seat for long stretches . '
the ( opening ) dance guarantees Karmen 's enthronement among the cinema 's memorable women .
meditative
meditative , clinical and poetic
meditative , clinical and poetic , The Piano Teacher is a daring work of genius .
meets-new mesh
meets-new mesh is incarnated in the movie 's soundtrack , a joyful effusion of disco Bollywood that , by the end of Monsoon Wedding , sent my spirit soaring out of the theater
at 2002 's Sundance Festival
new and
never fails him
never coughed , fidgeted or romped up and down the aisles for bathroom breaks
Wilde 's play is a masterpiece of elegant wit and artifice
plucks
plotting
This Chicago has hugely imaginative and successful casting to its great credit , as well as one terrific score and attitude to spare .
Thirteen Conversations About One Thing lays out a narrative puzzle that interweaves individual stories , and , like a Mobius strip , elliptically loops back to where it began .
Thirteen Conversations About One Thing , for all its generosity and optimism , never resorts to easy feel-good sentiments
as distinctive as his visuals .
as distinctive as his visuals . Beyond the cleverness , the weirdness and the pristine camerawork
as decent drama\/action flick
as darkly funny , energetic , and
as darkly funny , energetic , and surprisingly gentle
as darkly funny , energetic
as darkly funny , energetic ,
as darkly funny
as darkly funny ,
, Alias Betty is richly detailed , deftly executed and utterly absorbing .
, Barbershop is tuned in to its community .
, Ararat is fiercely intelligent and uncommonly ambitious .
, Big Trouble could be considered a funny little film .
, Below casts its spooky net out into the Atlantic Ocean and spits it back , grizzled and charred , somewhere northwest of the Bermuda Triangle .
, Bigelow demonstrates a breadth of vision and an attention to detail that propels her into the upper echelons of the directing world .
, Blair Witch-style commitment
, Blade 2 is definitely a cut above the rest .
a young boy
acted , quietly affecting cop drama
acquires an undeniable entertainment value
acquires an undeniable entertainment value as the slight
across as darkly funny , energetic , and surprisingly gentle
will have you at the edge of your seat for long stretches .
acted , quietly affecting cop drama .
married women
mars the Touched
martial arts adventure
wisely decided to let Crocodile Hunter Steve Irwin do what he does best , and fashion a story around him .
Woody Allen 's latest is an ambling , broad comedy about all there is to love -- and hate -- about the movie biz .
's stylishly directed with verve ...
Working from Elliott 's memoir , Rohmer fashions the sort of delicate , articulate character - and - relationship study he 's favored for decades .
One well-timed explosion in a movie
's stylishly directed with verve
works beautifully as a movie
works beautifully as a movie without sacrificing the integrity of the opera .
works beautifully as a movie without sacrificing the integrity of the opera
works because of the ideal casting of the masterful British actor Ian Holm as the aged Napoleon
's stuff
rent Godfather
reminds us that , in any language , the huge stuff in life can usually be traced back to the little things
reminded me of the best of the Disney comedies from the 60s
feel optimistic that there 's hope for popular cinema yet
Occasionally funny and consistently odd , and it
Occasionally funny and consistently odd , and it works reasonably well as a star vehicle for Zhao .
Occasionally , in the course of reviewing art-house obscurities and slam-bam action flicks , a jaded critic smacks into something truly new .
Noyce 's film is contemplative and mournfully reflective .
find greatness
find love in the most unlikely place
find love
find in these characters ' foibles a timeless and unique perspective
audience is a sea of constant smiles and frequent laughter
attractive and talented
attractive and talented actors
attractive
attractive and
a feature debut that is fully formed and remarkably assured
wit and empathy to spare
a feature that concentrates on people , a project in which the script and characters hold sway
Good actors
Gone are the flamboyant mannerisms that are the trademark of several of his performances . As Schmidt , Nicholson walks with a slow , deliberate gait , chooses his words carefully and subdues his natural exuberance
Good actors have a radar for juicy roles -- there 's a plethora of characters in this picture , and not one of them is flat .
Good actors have a radar for juicy roles -- there 's a plethora of characters in this picture , and not one of them is flat
it seems better , not just bigger
it ranks with the best of Herzog 's works
it rarely stoops to cheap manipulation or corny conventions to do it
it must
refreshingly serious
Sheridan had a wonderful account to work from ,
refreshingly unusual
refreshingly serious look
refreshingly honest
refreshingly authentic coming-of-age tale .
it seems positively French in its rhythms and resonance
It lets you brush up against the humanity of a psycho , without making him any less psycho .
director D.J. Caruso 's grimy visual veneer and Kilmer 's absorbing performance
, it is still ultimately very satisfying . Think of it as a sort of comfort food for the mind .
a feat
spaces both large ... and small ... with considerable aplomb
spanning nearly three decades of bittersweet camaraderie and history , in which we feel that we truly know what makes Holly and Marina tick
Rarely , a movie is more than a movie .
needed to make this genre soar
right film
more like a serious read , filled with heavy doses of always enticing Sayles dialogue
can move beyond the crime-land action genre
it does mark Ms. Bullock 's best work in some time
pinocchio
have been a painless time-killer
have an intermittently good time
have a whale of a good time .
have a whale of a good time
Lathan and Diggs have considerable personal charm , and
pride themselves on sophisticated , discerning taste
rip-roaring comedy action
of all those famous moments
of almost Bergmanesque intensity
Gorgeous to look at but
Got some good , organic character work , lots of obvious political insights and little room for engaging , imaginative filmmaking in its nearly 2 1\/2
Got some good , organic character work , lots of obvious political insights and little room for engaging , imaginative filmmaking in its nearly 2 1\/2 - hour , dissipated length .
warmth and humor
Like The English Patient and The Unbearable Lightness of Being , The Hours is one of those reputedly `` unfilmable '' novels that has bucked the odds to emerge as an exquisite motion picture in its own right .
Like a less dizzily gorgeous companion to Mr.
Like Schindler 's List
not a bad way to spend an hour or two
a showdown
nostalgic comments
nostalgic , twisty yarn
not a bad way
nostalgic comments from the now middle-aged participants
is wonderful
light showers of emotion
lighthearted comedy
action epics
accessible and affecting
acceptance and growth
spell-casting beauty
spellbinding
is less the cheap thriller you 'd expect than it is a fairly revealing study of its two main characters -- damaged-goods people whose orbits will inevitably and dangerously collide
is just the ticket you need .
form an acting bond that makes the banger sisters a fascinating character study with laughs to spare
played out with such aching beauty and truth that it brings tears to your eyes
On the surface a silly comedy , Scotland , PA would be forgettable if it were n't such a clever adaptation of the bard 's tragic play .
On the surface a silly comedy
On the heels of The Ring comes a similarly morose and humorless horror movie that , although flawed , is to be commended for its straight-ahead approach to creepiness .
On the Granger Movie Gauge of 1 to 10 , The Powerpuff Girls is a fast , frenetic , funny , even punny 6 -- aimed specifically at a grade-school audience .
really cool
Even if you do n't understand what on earth is going on , this is a movie that will stimulate hours of post viewing discussion , if only to be reminded of who did what to whom and why .
Even if you do n't think ( Kissinger 's ) any more guilty of criminal activity than most contemporary statesmen , he 'd sure make a courtroom trial great fun to watch .
Even if you do n't know the band or the album 's songs by heart , you will enjoy seeing how both evolve , and you will also learn a good deal about the state of the music business in the 21st Century
Even if you do n't know the band or the album 's songs by heart , you will enjoy seeing how both evolve , and you will also learn a good deal about the state of the music business in the 21st Century .
Even if you do n't know the band or the album 's songs by heart , you will enjoy seeing how both evolve ,
be a true ` epic '
Even if you do n't know the band or the album 's songs by heart , you will enjoy seeing how both evolve
it 's so clever you want to hate it . But
it so lovingly and
its American counterpart , ''
flat-out amusing ,
flashy editing style
flashes of warmth and gentle humor
be an honest and loving one
where no man has gone before , but several movies have - take heart .
where one 's imagination will lead when given the opportunity
is so convinced of its own brilliance
seduce and conquer
if you can get past the fantastical aspects and harsh realities of '' the isle '' you 'll get a sock-you-in-the-eye flick that is a visual tour-de-force and a story that is unlike any you will likely see anywhere else
if you can get past the fantastical aspects and harsh realities of '' the isle '' you 'll get a sock-you-in-the-eye flick that is a visual tour-de-force and a story that is unlike any you
if you can get past the fantastical aspects and harsh realities of '' the isle '' you 'll get a sock-you-in-the-eye flick that is a visual tour-de-force and a story that is unlike any you will likely see anywhere else .
if your taste runs to ` difficult ' films you absolutely ca n't miss it .
wistful everyday ironies
to which anyone can relate
As shaky as the plot is , Kaufman 's script is still memorable for some great one-liners .
unconditional
but unquestionably alive
but three times in this animated sweet film
but together they are magnificent .
but this is one occasion when they have unearthed a rare gem .
but they bring a fresh , quirky charm to the formula .
but those who loved Cool as Ice have at last found a worthy follow-up .
but this is still a nice little picture , made by bright and friendly souls with a lot of good cheer .
Shanghai Ghetto should be applauded for finding a new angle on a tireless story ,
Shanghai Ghetto should be applauded for finding a new angle on a tireless story
funniest
fun
funny
As surreal as a dream and as detailed as a photograph , as visually dexterous as it is at times imaginatively overwhelming .
suggests the wide-ranging effects of media manipulation , from the kind of reporting that is done by the supposedly liberal media ... to the intimate and ultimately tragic heartache of maverick individuals like Hatfield and Hicks
to the movies to have fun
to the big screen safe and sound
are few things in this world more complex -- and , as it turns out , more fragile
are committed
to remember it by
another great
Howard 's appreciation of Brown and his writing
heart-felt
perfectly happy with the sloppy slapstick comedy
heart and unsettling subject matter
heart what it lacks in outright newness . Plus , like I already mentioned
healing process
might not have been such a bad day after all
circa
the girls ' amusing personalities
reminds me of a vastly improved Germanic version of My Big Fat Greek Wedding -- with better characters , some genuine quirkiness and at least a measure of style .
that might have made No Such Thing
There may have been a good film in '' Trouble Every Day , ''
There may have been a good film in '' Trouble Every Day
There must be an audience that enjoys the Friday series , but
is more interesting ( and funnier ) than his
a flood of emotion
to do that is really funny
like Beatrice , has a watchful affection for the monster .
like the new footage and still love the old stuff
like the new footage and still love the old stuff .
some movie star charisma
some nice chills along the way
some nice chills
some of its repartee is still worth hearing .
dry wit and compassion
makes up for its mawkish posing by offering rousing spates of genuine feeling .
all the mounting tension of an expert thriller
many moviegoers
many a kids-and-family-oriented cable channel
, full-throated humor
for an arousing good time
for all ages at any time
for a good old fashion romance and someone who shamelessly loves to eat , then Mostly Martha
300 hundred years of Russian cultural identity and a stunning technical achievement
writer-director Danny Verete 's three tales comprise a powerful and reasonably fulfilling gestalt .
Something akin to a Japanese Alice Through the Looking Glass , except that it seems to take itself far more seriously .
debt Miramax felt they owed to Benigni
Little Mermaid
Like the chilled breath of oral storytelling frozen onto film .
Lilo & Stitch '' is n't the most edgy piece of Disney animation to hit the silver screen , then this first film to use a watercolor background since '' Dumbo '' certainly ranks as the most original in years .
excited that it has n't gone straight to video
excited about on this DVD
a powerful 1957 drama we 've somehow never seen before
a powerful and deeply moving example
a powerful 1957 drama
a potent chemistry
a portrait of two strong men in conflict
a pointed political allegory
both colorful pop junk and the classics that unequivocally qualify as art --
both colorful pop junk and the classics
both architectural glories and commanding open spaces of the city
both adults and kids
The film has a few cute ideas and several modest chuckles
The film has a few cute ideas and several modest chuckles but
Working from a surprisingly sensitive script co-written
The Isle '' you 'll get a sock-you-in-the-eye flick that is a visual tour-de-force and a story that is unlike any
Working from a surprisingly sensitive script co-written by Gianni Romoli ... Ozpetek avoids most of the pitfalls you 'd expect in such a potentially sudsy set-up
The Rock is destined to be the 21st Century 's new '' Conan '' and that he 's going to make a splash even greater than Arnold Schwarzenegger , Jean-Claud Van Damme or Steven Segal .
as happy listening to movies
makes the old story seem new
elaborate futuristic sets
splendid performances
splashy and entertainingly nasty
splashy and
( Dong ) makes a valiant effort to understand everyone 's point of view , and
( Dong ) makes a valiant effort to understand everyone 's point of view , and he does such a good job of it that Family Fundamentals gets you riled up
( Dong ) makes a valiant effort to understand everyone 's point of view ,
( F ) rom the performances and the cinematography to the outstanding soundtrack and unconventional narrative
( F ) rom the performances and the cinematography to the outstanding soundtrack and unconventional narrative , the film is blazingly alive and admirable on many levels .
( Dong ) makes a valiant effort to understand everyone 's point of view , and he does such a good job of it that Family Fundamentals gets you riled up .
an articulate , grown-up voice in African-American cinema
an articulate , grown-up voice
an arcane area of popular culture
an architect of pop culture
an art form at once visceral and spiritual , wonderfully vulgar and sublimely lofty -- and as emotionally grand as life .
an art
splendid singing
trading in his cynicism for reverence and a little wit
affecting and uniquely Almodóvar
affection and care
afresh
think I 've been as entranced and appalled by an Asian film since Shinya Tsukamoto 's Iron Man
they were tales that had been handed down since the beginning of time
stereotypes in good fun
stereotypes in good fun ,
stereotypes in good fun , while adding a bit of heart and unsettling subject matter
stereotypes in good fun , while adding a bit of heart and unsettling subject matter .
sticks with its subjects a little longer
sticks with its subjects a little longer and tells a deeper story
we recognize even without the Elizabethan prose , the play behind the thing
Tuck Everlasting achieves a delicate balance of romantic innocence and philosophical depth .
we root for the patronized Iranian lad
trappings ( especially the frank sex scenes ) ensure that the film is never dull
a Saturday night
that the rich promise of the script will be realized on the screen .
very fast . The first five minutes will have you talking 'til the end of the year
It should be mentioned that the set design and interiors of the haunted vessel are more than effectively creepy and moodily lit . So I just did .
way-cool by a basic , credible compassion
way-cool
waydowntown manages to nail the spirit-crushing ennui of denuded urban living without giving in to it .
waydowntown may not be an important movie , or even a good one , but it provides a nice change of mindless pace in collision with the hot Oscar season currently underway .
waydowntown may not be an important movie , or even a good one , but it provides a nice change of mindless pace in collision with the hot Oscar season currently underway
wayward teen
a satisfying kids flck
is so cool that it chills the characters , reducing our emotional stake in the outcome of `` Intacto 's '' dangerous and seductively stylish game
The Rock is destined to be the 21st Century 's new `` Conan '' and that he 's going to make a splash even greater than Arnold Schwarzenegger , Jean-Claud Van Damme or Steven Segal .
The Ring never lets you off the hook .
The Son Of The Bride 's humour is born out of an engaging storyline , which also is n't embarrassed to make you reach for the tissues .
its accumulated enjoyment
a sorrowful and hilarious tone poem about alienated labor ,
a sorrowful and hilarious tone poem about alienated labor
a sophisticated , funny and good-natured treat ,
a soft , percolating magic ,
a smart script and
a simple story , perhaps the simplest story of all
a serious read ,
A slick , well-oiled machine
A slick , well-oiled machine , exquisitely polished and upholstered
A savvy exploration of paranoia and insecurity in America 's culture of fear
A simmering psychological drama in which the bursts of sudden violence are all the more startling for the slow buildup that has preceded them
A savvy exploration of paranoia and insecurity
A savvy exploration of paranoia and insecurity in America 's culture
with its imaginative premise
us is a minor miracle
its source 's complexity
unwavering and arresting
make the attraction a movie
make the thing look really slick
make the thing look really slick .
make this statement in an easily accessible way
make this worth a peek .
has nothing but love for its posse of trailer park denizens .
one viewing ca n't possibly be enough
characterizations to be mildly amusing
characteristically complex
characteristically complex Tom Clancy thriller
the Holocaust escape story
exuberantly irreverent animated space adventure
exuberantly irreverent animated space adventure .
extraordinary Swedish film
extraordinarily well-acted
extraordinary
exuberant
exuberantly
extremely well played
extremely well played and often very funny
truly cinematic in scope
we have n't seen on the big screen before , and it 's a story that we as Americans , and human beings , should know
The boys ' sparring ,
The bland outweighs the nifty
more recent successes such
more recent successes
to keep their hopes alive in 1975
to keep it interesting
to know about music to appreciate the film 's easygoing blend of comedy and romance
to lay bare the tragedies of its setting with a good deal of warmth and humor
to laugh along with them
to leave the screen sizzling with intrigue
the crime story and the love story
it 's thanks to Huston 's revelatory performance .
it 's so fascinating you wo n't be able to look away for a second
it 's still a sweet , even delectable diversion .
it 's such a warm and charming package that you 'll feel too happy to argue much
it 's refreshing to see a movie that embraces its old-fashioned themes and in the process comes out looking like something wholly original .
a satisfying movie experience
it 's smooth and professional
A pure participatory event
goofy pleasure
goofy way
( Shyamalan ) turns the goose-pimple genre on its empty head and fills it with spirit , purpose and emotionally bruised characters who add up to more than body count .
A psychic journey deep into the very fabric of Iranian ... life .
( Reno ) delivers a monologue that manages to incorporate both the horror and the absurdity of the situation in a well-balanced fashion .
( Reaches ) wholly believable and heart-wrenching depths of despair
( Reaches ) wholly believable and heart-wrenching depths of despair .
raise this far above the level of the usual maudlin disease movie
raise this far above the level of the usual maudlin disease movie .
and engaging examination
quiet fastidiousness
quite a talented director
quite fresh and delightful
strong first quarter
strong , unified showing
strong , determined monarch
strong , determined
most politically audacious films
feel like a 10-course banquet
the saddest films I have ever seen that still manages to be uplifting but not overly sentimental
feel involved with the story
feel involved with the story ,
feel fully
the cinematic stylings of director John Stockwell
feel fully embraced by this gentle comedy
the collision of past and present
gives his best screen performance with an oddly winning portrayal of one of life 's ultimate losers .
gives his heart
gives his best screen performance
gives his best screen performance with an oddly winning portrayal of one of life 's ultimate losers
gives it that extra little something that makes it worth checking out at theaters , especially if you 're in the mood for something more comfortable than challenging .
historical truth and realism
hit .
think of a very good reason to rush right out and see it
thinking about going to see this movie
thinking man
one summer film that satisfies
`` Spider-man is better than any summer blockbuster we had to endure last summer , and hopefully , sets the tone for a summer of good stuff .
understated and touching
understands like few others how the depth and breadth of emotional intimacy give the physical act all of its meaning and most of its pleasure .
understands like few others how the depth and breadth of emotional intimacy give the physical act all of its meaning and most of its pleasure
understated piece of filmmaking
understated piece
the ride ( bumps and all ) , creamy depth , and ultimate theme
trying to balance self-referential humor and a normal ol' slasher plot seemed like a decent endeavor
trying to create some pretty cool characters
the 1989 Paradiso will prefer this new version
the 30-year friendship between two English women
is a highly ambitious and personal project for Egoyan
is a hilarious adventure
is a little like a chocolate milk moustache
you took Orwell , Bradbury , Kafka , George Lucas and the Wachowski Brothers and threw them into a blender . But
witty , improbable romantic comedy
without the precedent of Yiddish theater , whose jolly , fun-for-fun 's - sake communal spirit goes to the essence of Broadway
action extravaganza
wo n't be placed in the pantheon of the best of the swashbucklers but it is a whole lot of fun and you get to see the one of the world 's best actors , Daniel Auteuil ,
witty updatings ( Silver 's parrot has been replaced with Morph , a cute alien creature who mimics everyone and everything around )
A lovably old-school Hollywood confection .
nice , harmless date film
nicely shot
provide the pleasures of a slightly naughty , just-above-average off - broadway play
proves once again he has n't lost his touch , bringing off a superb performance in an admittedly middling film
nice , harmless
of its seas of sand to the fierce grandeur of its sweeping battle scenes
of its grand locations
of its inventiveness
of its lurid fiction
of its pleasure
practices
practically any like-themed film other than its Oscar-sweeping franchise predecessor
is really an amusing concept
precious circumstances
niches
The music makes a nice album , the food is enticing and
The music makes a nice album , the food is enticing and Italy beckons us all
The music makes a nice album ,
The music makes a nice album , the food is enticing
The music makes a nice album , the food is enticing and Italy beckons us all .
enlightening , insightful and entertaining
enjoyed themselves
enough charming moments
enough freshness
enough originality in ` Life ' to distance it from the pack of paint-by-number romantic comedies
done and perfectly
mildly interesting
millions of eager fans
for mixing action and idiosyncratic humor in his charming 2000 debut Shanghai Noon
for most of the movie 's success
for nearly three hours
As comedic spotlights go , Notorious C.H.O. hits all the verbal marks it should .
As ex-Marine Walter , who may or may not have shot Kennedy , actor Raymond J. Barry is perfectly creepy and believable .
As each of them searches for their place in the world , Miller digs into their very minds to find an unblinking , flawed humanity .
a last-second goal to win the championship
timely sci-fi mystery
Everett remains a perfect Wildean actor ,
Everett remains a perfect Wildean actor
to tear your eyes away from the images
Even when there are lulls , the emotions seem authentic , and the picture is so lovely toward the end
Even when there are lulls , the emotions seem authentic , and
Even when there are lulls , the emotions seem authentic ,
Even when there are lulls , the emotions seem authentic
Even when there are lulls , the emotions seem authentic , and the picture is so lovely toward the end ... you almost do n't notice the 129-minute running time .
Even when there are lulls , the emotions seem authentic , and the picture is so lovely toward the end ... you almost do n't notice the 129-minute running time
Even when there are lulls , the emotions seem authentic , and the picture is so lovely toward the end ...
Brims with passion : for words , for its eccentric , accident-prone characters , and for the crazy things that keep people going in this crazy life
Brims with passion : for words , for its eccentric , accident-prone characters , and for the crazy things that keep people going in this crazy life .
be lured in by Julia Roberts
Brilliantly written and
Brilliantly written and well-acted
Brilliantly written
Brims with passion
Brims with passion :
Brilliantly written and well-acted , Yellow Asphalt is an uncompromising film .
time-honored truth
time-honored
jolt you
directed but terminally cute drama .
all its brilliant touches
fine
shake up the formula and make it more interesting
shake up the formula and make it more interesting .
all its visual panache and compelling supporting characters
jolt you out of your seat a couple of times , give you a few laughs , and
social and political potential
Warm in its loving yet unforgivingly inconsistent depiction of everyday people , relaxed in its perfect quiet pace and
the right choices at every turn
wonderful film
the tale of her passionate , tumultuous affair with Musset unfolds as Sand 's masculine persona , with its love of life and beauty , takes form .
wonderful character-based comedy .
wo n't want to miss About A Boy
wo n't want to miss About A Boy .
wo n't want to miss
found in almost all of his previous works
a balanced film
soar .
the imagery in this chiaroscuro of madness and light
the tale has turned from sweet to bittersweet , and when the tears come during that final , beautiful scene , they finally feel absolutely earned .
drawing wrenching performances
drawing wrenching performances from his actors ( improvised over many months ) and for conveying the way tiny acts of kindness make ordinary life survivable
should not consider this a diss . Consider it ` perfection
should not be missed .
Wang Xiaoshuai directs this intricately structured and well-realized drama that presents a fascinating glimpse of urban life and the class warfare that embroils two young men .
should not get the first and last look at one of the most triumphant performances of Vanessa Redgrave 's career
the tale has turned from sweet to bittersweet , and when the tears come during that final , beautiful scene , they finally feel absolutely earned
Nettelbeck has crafted an engaging fantasy of flavours and emotions , one part romance novel , one part recipe book .
Neither the funniest film that Eddie Murphy nor Robert De Niro has ever made , Showtime is nevertheless efficiently amusing for a good while .
to give to the mystic genres of cinema : Unbreakable and Signs
Larry Fessenden 's spooky new thriller
to give it a marginal thumbs up
If you ever wondered what it would be like to be smack in the middle of a war zone armed with nothing but a camera , this Oscar-nominated documentary takes you there .
If you grew up on Scooby -- you 'll love this movie .
If you ever wanted to be an astronaut , this is the ultimate movie experience -
If you ever wanted to be an astronaut , this is the ultimate movie experience - it 's informative and breathtakingly spectacular
If you ever wanted to be an astronaut , this is the ultimate movie experience - it 's informative and breathtakingly spectacular .
If you ever wondered what it would be like to be smack in the middle of a war zone armed with nothing but a camera
If you ever wanted to be an astronaut , this is the ultimate movie experience
that also asks its audience -- in a heartwarming , nonjudgmental kind of way -- to consider what we value in our daily lives
a psychologically rich and suspenseful moral thriller
that an epic four-hour Indian musical about a cricket game could be this good
as aggressively impressive as its American counterpart , '' In the Bedroom
as an all-American girl with a brand new name in southern Tennessee
they can swim
lively dream
a quirky cast of characters
the tale commands attention .
a quirky cast
lives count
lively intelligence
breaking codes
confirms Fincher 's status as a film maker who artfully bends technical know-how to the service of psychological insight
Schweiger is -RRB- talented and terribly charismatic , qualities essential to both movie stars and social anarchists .
done before but never so vividly
, Kissing Jessica Steinis quirky , charming and often hilarious .
blazingly alive and admirable on many levels
blazingly alive and admirable
blazingly
turn his movie in an unexpected direction
you 're a Jet all the way
Nearly surreal , dabbling in French
still-contemporary
to provide a mix of smiles and tears
at least a few good ideas and
more revealing , more emotional
more revealing , more emotional and
more quick-witted than any English Lit
more re-creations of all those famous moments
more revealing , more emotional and more surprising
more revealing , more emotional and more surprising --
the tone for a summer of good stuff
uses the damage of war -- far more often than the warfare itself -- to create the kind of art shots that fill gallery shows
is impressive .
is impossible to look away
is historical filmmaking without the balm of right-thinking ideology , either liberal or conservative .
is impossible to ignore
is hilariously , gloriously alive , and quite often hotter than Georgia asphalt .
is historical filmmaking without the balm of right-thinking ideology , either liberal or conservative
definitely a unique modern fairytale
definitely has something on his mind
defined
definitely -- defiantly --
definitely -- defiantly -- ya ya , what with all of those terrific songs and spirited performances
deeply weird and charmingly
only sex , scandal , and a chorus line of dangerous damsels can deliver
is no denying the power of Polanski 's film ...
is no denying the power of Polanski 's film
is nicely performed by a quintet of actresses
is nicely
some thrilling moments
some tasty boogaloo beats
in the middle of hopeful
in the manner in which it addresses current terrorism anxieties and sidesteps them at the same time
worthy substitute
worthy of Puccini
worthwhile about Collision Course
worth the effort
of the better video-game-based flicks ,
challenging , sometimes clever , and
of artifice and purpose
captured the chaos of an urban conflagration
challenging , sometimes clever , and always interesting
capture the novel 's deeper intimate resonances
of an intriguing curiosity
Absorbing and disturbing -- perhaps more disturbing than originally intended -- but a little clarity
A well-made thriller
A very funny movie .
A very funny movie
A truly moving experience , and a perfect example of how art -- when done right -- can help heal , clarify , and comfort .
Absorbing
A well-made thriller with a certain level of intelligence and non-reactionary morality .
-- however canned -- makes for unexpectedly giddy viewing .
as thrilling as it should be .
-- do n't worry
we have come to love
is a strength of a documentary to disregard available bias , especially as temptingly easy as it would have been with this premise
A fascinating examination
A dreadful day in Irish history is given passionate , if somewhat flawed , treatment .
A fanciful drama about Napoleon 's last years and his surprising discovery of love and humility .
A fanciful drama about Napoleon 's last years and his surprising discovery of love and humility
finds amusing juxtapositions that justify his exercise
finds amusing juxtapositions that justify his exercise .
roiling black-and-white inspires trembling and gratitude .
riveting documentary .
riveted to our seats .
ripe recipe , inspiring ingredients
rocks .
that of the excellent 1934 MGM version
with resonance
casual and fun
casual moviegoer
casual filmgoers
a simple diversion for the kids
while adding the rich details and go-for-broke acting that heralds something special
A fine effort , an interesting topic , some intriguing characters and a sad ending . Certainly the big finish was n't something
A fine effort , an interesting topic , some intriguing characters and a sad ending . Certainly the big finish was n't something Galinsky and Hawley could have planned for ...
A fine effort , an interesting topic , some intriguing characters and a sad ending . Certainly the big finish was n't something Galinsky and Hawley could have planned for ... but part of being a good documentarian is being there when the rope snaps
A fine effort , an interesting topic
A fine effort , an interesting topic ,
A fine effort , an interesting topic , some
A fine effort , an interesting topic , some intriguing characters and a sad ending .
it 's better to go in knowing full well what 's going to happen , but willing to let the earnestness of its execution and skill of its cast take you down a familiar road with a few twists . Cynics need not apply
A fine effort , an interesting topic , some intriguing characters and a sad ending . Certainly the big finish was n't something Galinsky and Hawley could have planned for ... but part of being a good documentarian is being there when the rope snaps .
A fine production
it 's brilliant
on melodrama . But it 's emotionally engrossing , too , thanks to strong , credible performances from the whole cast .
on melodrama . But it 's emotionally engrossing , too , thanks to strong , credible performances from the whole cast
on itself in the kind of elegant symmetry that 's rare in film today
their culture 's manic mix of millennial brusqueness and undying , traditional politesse
is not rooted in that decade
its uncanny tale
its unerring respect
its unerring respect for them
its unsettling force
the best sports movie I 've ever seen
the best sports movie
the best straight-up
the best sports movie I 've ever seen .
the best sequel
the best play of the 19th century . It 's so good that its relentless , polished wit can withstand not only inept school productions , but even Oliver Parker 's movie adaptation
the best silly horror movies
the best sequel since The Empire Strikes Back ... a majestic achievement , an epic of astonishing grandeur and surprising emotional depth
fab
eye-filling
eyeballs
a unique , well-crafted psychological study
a unique , well-crafted psychological study of grief
were able to make an impact in the theater world
this flick is fun , and host to some truly excellent sequences .
this frankly fantastical by-the-numbers B-flick with just a suspension of disbelief
were n't as much about gender , sexual preference or political agitprop as they were simply a triumph of the indomitable human will to rebel , connect and create
America , history
Bergman approaches Swedish fatalism using Gary Larson 's Far Side humor
wonderful all-ages triumph
are side stories aplenty
are quite funny , but Jonah ...
are quite funny , but Jonah
are really surprising
are red hot
are sexy
with awe
with all the dysfunctional family dynamics one could wish for
with adventure and a worthwhile environmental message
with a winning style , and by offering its target audience of urban kids
with a zippy jazzy score
Besson 's high-profile name
with colour and depth , and rather a good time
looks neat
look ahead and resist living in a past
end on a positive ( if tragic ) note
end all chases
encouraging thought . Better still , he does all of this , and more , while remaining one of the most savagely hilarious social critics this side of Jonathan Swift
encouraging thought . Better still , he does all of this , and
encouraging thought . Better still , he does all of this ,
It 's a smart , solid , kinetically-charged spy flick worthy of a couple hours of summertime and a bucket of popcorn . Nothing overly original , mind you , but solidly entertaining .
It 's a smartly directed , grown-up film of ideas .
It 's a smart , funny look at an arcane area of popular culture ,
It 's a smart , funny look at an arcane area of popular culture , and
It 's a smart , funny look at an arcane area of popular culture , and if it is n't entirely persuasive , it does give exposure to some talented performers
It 's a smart , funny look at an arcane area of popular culture , and if it is n't entirely persuasive , it does give exposure to some talented performers .
Drumline ' shows a level of young , Black manhood that is funny , touching , smart and complicated .
Droll caper-comedy remake of `` Big Deal on Madonna Street '' that 's a sly , amusing , laugh-filled little gem in which the ultimate `` Bellini '' begins to look like a `` real Kaputschnik . ''
E.T. is still a cinematic touchstone .
E.T. is carried less by wow factors than by its funny , moving yarn that holds up well after two decades .
who is drawn into the exotic world of belly dancing
who is not a character in this movie
all the interesting developments
all the heart
distinctive
last-second goal to win the championship
Eight Legged Freaks is clever and funny , is amused by its special effects , and leaves you feeling like you 've seen a movie instead of an endless trailer .
Efteriades gives the neighborhood -- scenery , vibe and all -- the cinematic equivalent of a big , tender hug .
happy music
some things are immune to the folly of changing taste and attitude . For proof of that on the cinematic front , look no further than this 20th anniversary edition of the film that Spielberg calls , retrospectively , his most personal work yet .
some things are immune to the folly of changing taste and attitude . For proof of that on the cinematic front , look no further than this 20th anniversary edition of the film that Spielberg calls , retrospectively , his most personal work yet
some talented performers
some special qualities and the soulful gravity of Crudup 's anchoring performance
Life Is Beautiful and
some surprises
be lying if I said my ribcage did n't ache by the end of Kung Pow
be looking at his 12th Oscar nomination by proving that he 's now , more than ever , choosing his roles with the precision of the insurance actuary
be like to be smack in the middle of a war zone armed with nothing but a camera
be inside looking out , and at other times outside looking in
Lauren Ambrose comes alive under the attention from two strangers in town -
Be prepared to cling to the edge of your seat , tense with suspense
Be prepared to cling to the edge of your seat , tense with suspense .
Be patient with the lovely Hush
Be patient with the lovely Hush !
the comic touch
the comic possibilities
Weekend
, this is one of those rare pictures that you root for throughout , dearly hoping that the rich promise of the script will be realized on the screen .
, this film should not be missed .
, this is a must !
a prince of a fellow
a promising work-in-progress
relative modesty
relatively effective
goals
glorifying
go hand in hand with talent
go hand in hand
watchable movie
washed away by sumptuous ocean visuals and the cinematic stylings of director John Stockwell
watch Some Body
watch Arnold and his buddy Gerald bounce off a quirky cast of characters
three of the most multilayered and sympathetic female characters of the year . As each of them searches for their place in the world
three of the most multilayered and sympathetic female
seem to match the power of their surroundings
seem to have much emotional impact on the characters
seem to match the power of their surroundings .
Ratliff 's two previous titles , Plutonium Circus and Purgatory County show his penchant for wry , contentious configurations , and this film is part of that delicate canon
Ratliff 's two previous titles , Plutonium Circus and Purgatory County show his penchant for wry , contentious configurations ,
Offers laughs and insight into one of the toughest ages a kid can go through .
by exceptional performances
by drawing me into the picture
a silly ( but not sophomoric ) romp
a simple message
A well-acted movie that simply does n't
of doing them good
of dramatic momentum
of disco Bollywood that , by the end of Monsoon Wedding , sent my spirit soaring out of the theater
of delicate , articulate character
natural affability
natured
... brings an absolutely riveting conviction to her role .
... a triumph of emotionally and narratively complex filmmaking .
... a magnificent drama well worth tracking down .
... begins on a high note and sustains it beautifully .
... an often intense character study about fathers and sons , loyalty and duty .
Stands as one of the year 's most intriguing movie experiences , letting its imagery speak for it while it forces you to ponder anew what a movie can be .
Stands as one of the year 's most intriguing movie experiences
all the right ways
all the more remarkable because it
all the hearts it won -- and wins still
The result is something quite fresh and delightful .
The people in Dogtown and Z-Boys are so funny , aggressive and alive , you have to watch them because you ca n't wait to see what they do next .
had no trouble sitting for Blade II .
balance sweetness
The principals in this cast are all fine
its true-to-life characters ,
its true-to-life characters , its sensitive acting
its true-to-life characters , its sensitive acting ,
its true-to-life characters , its sensitive acting , its unadorned view of rural life
its true-to-life characters , its sensitive acting , its unadorned view of rural life and
its true-to-life characters , its sensitive acting , its unadorned view of rural life and the subtle direction of first-timer Hilary Birmingham
at once surreal and
There is a welcome lack of pretension about the film , which very simply sets out to entertain and ends up delivering in good measure .
There is greatness here .
There is a freedom to watching stunts that are this crude , this fast-paced and this insane .
There is a strong directorial stamp on every frame of this stylish film that is able to visualize schizophrenia but is still confident enough to step back and look at the sick character with a sane eye .
There is a beautiful , aching sadness to it all . Paul Cox needed to show it .
There is a beautiful , aching sadness to it all . Paul Cox needed to show it . It is up to you to decide if you need to see it .
Maybe it is formula filmmaking , but there 's nothing wrong with that if the film is well-crafted and this one is .
takes a potentially trite and overused concept ( aliens come to Earth ) and infuses it into a rustic , realistic , and altogether creepy tale of hidden invasion .
hazy high
having fun with it all
have you leaving the theater with a smile on your face
the master of innuendo
more of : spirit , perception , conviction
more of a poetic than a strict reality ,
more of a poetic than a strict reality , creating an intriguing species of artifice that gives The Lady and the Duke something of a theatrical air
more of a poetic than a strict reality , creating an intriguing species of artifice
produces new joys
probably see a bit of yourself in her unfinished story
privileged position
pro-fat
these are performances to enjoy in a memorable ensemble piece .
its deft portrait of tinseltown
its dreamlike glide
its dreamlike
its deft
there is something worth seeing
on the promise of excitement
on the shrill side , tempered by a soft southern gentility that speaks of beauty , grace and a closet full of skeletons
makes an amazing breakthrough
makes a depleted yesterday feel very much like a brand-new tomorrow
makes an amazing breakthrough in her first starring role and
makes an amazing breakthrough in her first starring role
in integrating the characters in the foreground into the extraordinarily rich landscape
motivated by something more than franchise possibilities
motivate
Doug Liman , the director of Bourne , directs the traffic well , gets a nice wintry look from his locations , absorbs us with the movie 's spycraft and uses Damon 's ability to be focused and sincere .
all but spits out Denzel Washington 's fine performance in the title role .
all arty and jazzy
the now more prevalent technique of the docu-makers
all end
a romantic pairing of hearts
heartbreaking honesty to keep one glued to the screen
held together by skilled ensemble actors
held together by skilled ensemble actors .
help heal
than I 'd expected it to be
happy listening to movies
happens to be the movie 's most admirable quality
handsome widescreen photography
The one-liners are snappy , the situations volatile and
finally , is minimally satisfying
final surprising shots
final act
films that leaps over national boundaries and celebrates universal human nature
a sorrowful and hilarious tone poem about alienated labor , or an absurdist workplace sitcom
a soft , percolating magic , a deadpan suspense
a sorrowful and hilarious tone poem
a soft , percolating magic
a snapshot of modern China in microcosm as it is a crash course in movie mythology
Another love story in 2002 's remarkable procession of sweeping pictures that have reinvigorated the romance genre .
Anyone who 's ever suffered under a martinet music instructor has no doubt fantasized about what an unhappy , repressed and twisted personal life their tormentor deserved . These people are really going to love The Piano Teacher .
the natural affability that has made Tucker a star
the name of High Art
accurately accounting a terrible true story
If you come from a family that eats , meddles , argues , laughs , kibbitzes and fights together , then go see this delightful comedy .
If you dig on David Mamet 's mind tricks ... rent this movie and enjoy !
If you dig on David Mamet 's mind tricks ... rent this movie and enjoy
If you enjoy more thoughtful comedies with interesting conflicted characters ; this one is for you .
If you enjoy more thoughtful comedies with interesting conflicted characters
is fair ,
is fair
for the whole family
Ambitious , unsettling psychodrama that takes full , chilling advantage of its rough-around-the-edges , low-budget constraints .
America 's thirst
that you get when sitting around a campfire around midnight , telling creepy stories to give each other the willies
that you can dance to
pathetic , endearing
patent solutions to dramatize life 's messiness from inside out , in all its strange quirks
of weighty revelations , flowery dialogue , and nostalgia for the past
making the right choice in the face of tempting alternatives
more palatable
more naturalistic than its australian counterpart
the Disney classic
The heightened symmetry
The inherent strength
The filmmakers skillfully evoke the sense of menace that nature holds for many urban dwellers .
Miyazaki has created such a vibrant , colorful world , it 's almost impossible not to be swept away by the sheer beauty of his images .
Miyazaki has created such a vibrant , colorful world
Mira Nair 's film is an absolute delight for all audiences
unpretentious
Scorsese 's bold images and generally smart casting
Scorsese 's bold images and generally smart casting ensure that '' Gangs '' is never lethargic
Scorsese 's bold images
Scotland looks wonderful
Scotland looks wonderful ,
the possible exception of Elizabeth Hurley 's breasts
the good-time shenanigans in welcome perspective
what spectacular sizzle it is ! ... In this incarnation its fizz is infectious .
the positives
a full-blown movie
a full-length classic
a fully developed story
remarkable yet shockingly little-known perspective
remarkably accessible and haunting film
remarkably assured
remarkable procession of sweeping pictures
remarkable procession of sweeping pictures that have reinvigorated the romance genre
remarkable yet
remarkable yet shockingly
populates his movie with a wonderful ensemble cast of characters that bring the routine day to day struggles of the working class to life
remarkably cohesive
remarkably cohesive whole
're over 25
the globe in dazzling panoramic shots that make the most of the large-screen format , before swooping down on a string of exotic locales , scooping the whole world up in a joyous communal festival of rhythm
witty designs
the good-time shenanigans
Sven Wollter as the stricken composer and Viveka Seldahl as his desperate violinist wife
on an emotional level , funnier , and on the whole less detached
on an intoxicating show
on an emotional level , funnier ,
on an emotional level , funnier , and
on all levels
on action
on an irresistible , languid romanticism
on any level
por momentos grandiosa y casi siempre conmovedora .
smart comedy
shock-you-into-laughter intensity
the Crypt
and revolutionary spirit
and satirical touches
and sublime music
worthwhile topic
worth waiting for
fits the profile too closely
fits the bill perfectly
fitfully funny
fits the bill
smarter and more attentive than it first sets out to be .
, rapid-fire delivery
, relaxed in its perfect quiet pace and proud in its message .
's a beautiful madness .
's a big part of why we go to the movies .
could easily be called the best Korean film of 2002
could be this good
could become a cult classic
could easily be called the best Korean film of 2002 .
could easily be dealing with right now in your lives
see this unique and entertaining twist on the classic whale 's tale
seem entirely convincing
Is n't quite the equal of Woo 's best earlier work , but it 's easily his finest American film ... comes close to recapturing the brilliance of his Hong Kong films .
Is it a total success ? No . Is it something any true film addict will want to check out
Is it a total success ? No . Is it something any true film addict will want to check out ? You bet .
Is it something any true film addict will want to check
It 's ( Ricci 's ) best work yet , this girl-woman who sincerely believes she can thwart the world 's misery with blind good will .
smart and well-crafted
shockingly intimate
May be far from the best of the series , but it 's assured , wonderfully respectful of its past and thrilling enough to make it abundantly clear that this movie phenomenon has once again reinvented itself for a new generation .
Maud and Roland 's search for an unknowable past makes for a haunting literary detective story , but LaBute pulls off a neater trick in Possession : He makes language sexy .
Maud and Roland 's search for an unknowable past makes for a haunting literary detective story , but LaBute pulls off a neater trick in Possession
McGrath crafts quite moving scenes throughout his resolutely dramatic variation on the novel .
computer game
to break past the artifice
For the first time in years , De Niro digs deep emotionally , perhaps because he 's been stirred by the powerful work of his co-stars .
's unlikely we 'll see a better thriller this year .
's unlikely we 'll see a better thriller this year
If it tried to do anything more , it would fail and perhaps explode , but at this level of manic whimsy , it is just about right
's waltzed itself into the art film pantheon .
's waltzed itself into the art film pantheon
this '' Two Weddings
For the first two-thirds of this sparklingly inventive and artful , always fast and furious tale , kids will go happily along for the ride .
this Cinderella story does n't have a single surprise up its sleeve . But it does somehow manage to get you under its spell
it took chances and really asks you to take these great leaps of faith and pays off
it taps into genuine artistic befuddlement , and at the same time presents a scathing indictment of what drives Hollywood .
it thinks the gamble is worth the promise
buddies
brutal birth to an unlikely , but likable , hero
broad comedy
broad , handsome shoulders
smarter than any 50 other filmmakers still
a gentle , unforced intimacy
a gentle , unforced intimacy that never becomes claustrophobic
a genuine love story ,
a genuine love story , full of traditional layers of awakening and ripening and separation and recovery
a genuine love story
smarter than your average Bond
8 Crazy Nights
fellow sophisticates
a documentary to disregard available bias
a documentary that works
a domestic unit finding their way to joy
, but it 's still pretty tasty .
rollicking dark humor
, but it 's not that , it 's the tension that keeps you in your seat .
Jackson is one of the best actors there is
Jacobi , the most fluent of actors ,
Has an uppity musical beat that you can dance to , but its energy ca n't compare to the wit , humor and snappy dialogue of the original
Has an uppity musical beat that you can dance to , but
Hashiguchi covers this territory with wit and originality , suggesting that with his fourth feature -- the first to be released in the U.S.
liberated
liberated from the constraints of formula
a rather simplistic one : grief drives her , love drives him , and a second chance to find love in the most unlikely place
a whole lot of fun
a whale of a good time
a well-made pizza
nimble shoulders
of Yiddish theater , whose jolly , fun-for-fun 's - sake communal spirit goes to the essence of Broadway .
of ` laugh
you are likely to witness in a movie theatre for some time
you are curious to see the darker side of what 's going on with young TV actors ( Dawson Leery did what ?!? ) , or see some interesting storytelling devices
while ( Roman Coppola ) scores points for style
A suffocating rape-payback horror show that hinges on the subgenre 's most enabling victim ... and an ebullient affection for industrial-model meat freezers .
A surprisingly sweet and gentle comedy
A surprisingly sweet and gentle comedy .
but it was n't horrible either .
provide an intense experience
provide much more insight
proves that he can cross swords with the best of them and helm a more traditionally plotted popcorn thriller while surrendering little of his intellectual rigor or creative composure
proves that even in sorrow you can find humor . Like blended shades of lipstick , these components combine into one terrific story with lots of laughs
proves that he can cross swords with the best of them and helm a more traditionally plotted popcorn thriller while surrendering little of his intellectual rigor or creative composure .
provide the funniest moments in this oddly sweet comedy about jokester highway patrolmen
but it also has humor and heart and very talented young actors
marvelous first 101 minutes
marvelous first 101
marvelous first
marvelous film
marvelously twisted shapes history
marvelously compelling is present Brown as a catalyst for the struggle of black manhood in restrictive and chaotic America ... sketchy but nevertheless gripping portrait of Jim Brown , a celebrated wonder in the spotlight
marvelously
more than satisfactory
more than that , it 's an observant , unfussily poetic meditation about identity and alienation .
most beautiful , evocative
most beautiful , evocative works
most vibrant scene
most vibrant
sweeping , dramatic
sweeping ,
sustains throughout
sustained intelligence from Stanford
visuals and enveloping sounds
vital comic ingredient
visually speaking
visually inventive
visually smart
sweeping , dramatic , Hollywood moments
sweeping , dramatic ,
it might work better . But it has an ambition to say something about its subjects , but not a willingness
does a good job here of working against her natural likability
does a bang-up job of pleasing the crowds
does a good job
splendid
Further
Further proof that the epicenter of cool , beautiful , thought-provoking foreign cinema is smack-dab in the middle of Dubya 's Axis of Evil .
Further proof that the epicenter of cool , beautiful , thought-provoking foreign cinema is smack-dab in the middle of Dubya
Gary Larson 's Far Side humor
join the pantheon of great monster\/science fiction flicks
join the pantheon of great monster\/science fiction flicks that we have come to love
tries and tries hard
tried-and-true
trial movie , escape movie and unexpected fable
with the cozy feeling of relaxing around old friends
to spoof both black and white stereotypes equally
with such aching beauty and truth that it brings tears to your eyes
with style and even some depth
with such affecting grace and cultural specificity
with the chilling sights
Ms . Fulford-Wierzbicki is almost spooky in her sulky , calculating Lolita turn .
is clearly a good thing .
John Waters-like humor
brings a beguiling freshness
Jolting
maintains an appealing veneer
one the public
one that is dark , disturbing , painful to watch , yet compelling
to the Gallic ` tradition of quality
to the Big Boys in New York and L . A . To that end
to that elusive , lovely place
an account of a nervous breakdown , a trip down memory lane , all three
an accuracy
an accuracy of observation in the work of the director , Frank Novak , that keeps the film grounded in an undeniable social realism
an above-average cast
an above-average cast ,
an above-average cast , actor Bill Paxton 's directing debut
an absolutely riveting conviction
monumental ` picture shows
Roman Polanski 's autobiographical gesture at redemption is better than ` Shindler 's List ' -
directed - a powerful drama with enough sardonic wit to keep it from being maudlin
Roman Polanski 's autobiographical gesture at redemption is better than ` Shindler 's List ' - it is more than merely a Holocaust movie
Roman Polanski 's autobiographical gesture at redemption is better than ` Shindler 's List ' - it is more than merely a Holocaust movie .
his most personal
of small town regret , love , duty and friendship
my greatest pictures , Drunken Master
my greatest pictures ,
my greatest pictures
Star Wars is back in a major way .
Star
the sense of fierce competition that helps make great marching bands half the fun of college football games
the sense that peace is possible .
The socio-histo-political treatise is told in earnest strides ... ( and ) personal illusion is deconstructed with poignancy
the artistry of making a film
valedictory work
has at least one more story to tell : his own
valedictory
uses humour to make its points about acceptance and growth
has at last decisively broken with her Friends image in an independent film of satiric fire and emotional turmoil
has at last decisively broken with her Friends image in an independent film of satiric fire and emotional turmoil .
Malcolm McDowell is cool . Paul Bettany is cool . Paul Bettany playing Malcolm McDowell ? Cool .
Malcolm McDowell is cool .
Mandy Moore leaves a positive impression
has made literature literal without killing its soul -- a feat any thinking person is bound to appreciate
has managed to marry science fiction with film noir and action flicks with philosophical inquiry
has managed to marry science fiction with film noir and action flicks with philosophical inquiry .
has n't lost a bit of the dry humor that first made audiences on both sides of the Atlantic love him
has never been filmed more irresistibly than in ` Baran
has never been filmed more irresistibly than in ` Baran .
has never been filmed more irresistibly than in ` Baran . '
has never been smoother or more confident .
has never made a more sheerly beautiful film than this unexpectedly moving meditation on love , history , memory , resistance and artistic transcendence
tells a deeper story
tells a story whose restatement is validated by the changing composition of the nation
tempered by a soft southern gentility that speaks of beauty , grace and a closet full of skeletons
'll love it
'll be treated to an impressive and highly entertaining celebration of its sounds
'd sure make a courtroom trial great fun to watch .
'll be treated to an impressive and highly entertaining celebration of its sounds .
this unexpectedly moving meditation on love , history , memory , resistance and artistic transcendence
this unique director 's previous films
this stylish film that is able to visualize schizophrenia but is still confident enough to step back and look at the sick character with a sane eye
this unexpectedly moving meditation
both thematic content and narrative strength
both the scenic splendor of the mountains
both the scenic splendor
both the beauty of the land and the people
both times
A well-done film of a self-reflexive , philosophical nature .
, evoking memories of Day of the Jackal , The French Connection , and Heat .
, even-flowing tone
, far more meaningful story
, featuring an Oscar-worthy performance by Julianne Moore .
originality
original
a video helmer
a very talented but underutilized supporting cast
stimulating and demanding
form an acting bond that makes The Banger Sisters a fascinating character study with laughs to spare
form a remarkably cohesive whole , both visually and thematically , through their consistently sensitive and often exciting treatment of an ignored people .
form a remarkably cohesive whole , both visually and thematically , through their consistently sensitive and often exciting treatment of an ignored people
form at once visceral and spiritual , wonderfully vulgar and sublimely lofty -- and as emotionally grand as life .
form at once visceral and spiritual , wonderfully vulgar and sublimely lofty -- and as emotionally grand as life
form at once visceral and spiritual , wonderfully vulgar and sublimely lofty -- and as emotionally grand
form an acting bond that makes The Banger Sisters a fascinating character study with laughs to spare .
of willful eccentricity
as Corcuera manages to find the seeds of hope in the form of collective action
Humorous and heartfelt , Douglas McGrath 's version of ` Nicholas Nickleby ' left me feeling refreshed and hopeful .
Humorous and heartfelt , Douglas McGrath 's version of ` Nicholas Nickleby '
as I hoped I would
'' winner
transcends our preconceived vision of the Holy Land and its inhabitants , revealing the human complexities beneath
transcends our preconceived vision of the Holy Land and its inhabitants , revealing the human complexities beneath .
fame and fortune
transcendent love story
transcend the sex , drugs and show-tunes plot
transcendent
transcends our preconceived vision of the Holy Land and its inhabitants
show us a good time
show to steal
that revels in the true potential of the medium .
show-stoppingly hilarious ,
that revels
It may be a no-brainer
It may ... work as a jaunt down memory lane for teens and young adults who grew up on televised Scooby-Doo shows or reruns .
It may be a no-brainer , but at least it 's a funny no-brainer .
It may be a no-brainer , but at least it 's a funny no-brainer
is the same movie you probably loved in 1994 , except that it looks even better .
quiet , decisive moments between members of the cultural elite
it 's rare to find a film that dazzles the eye , challenges the brain , and satisfies our lust for fast-paced action , but
it 's rare to find a film that dazzles the eye , challenges the brain , and satisfies our lust for fast-paced action ,
it 's rare to find a film that dazzles the eye , challenges the brain , and satisfies our lust for fast-paced action
it 's notably better acted -- and far less crass - than some other recent efforts in the burgeoning genre of films about black urban professionals
's a beautifully accomplished lyrical meditation on a bunch of despondent and vulnerable characters living in the renown Chelsea Hotel ...
's a '' true story '' and you 're likely to have one helluva time at the movies
's Jim Brown : All American at long last gives its subject a movie worthy of his talents
an elegant visual sense
the same magical quality as the beginning of the story
rediscovering the power of fantasy during wartime
an elegant visual sense and
rediscovering the power of fantasy
constantly pulling the rug from underneath us
constantly flows forwards and back , weaving themes among three strands which allow us to view events as if through a prism
conspicuous success
constantly defies expectation
quiet family drama
quiet power
about this latest reincarnation of the world 's greatest teacher
98
riveting World
riveted to our seats
riveting , pulse intensifying escapist adventure
riveted
Interacting eyeball-to-eyeball and toe-to-toe , Hopkins and Norton are a winning combination -- but Fiennes steals ` Red Dragon ' right from under their noses .
Interacting eyeball-to-eyeball and toe-to-toe , Hopkins and Norton are a winning combination
Inside the film 's conflict-powered plot there is a decent moral trying to get out , but it 's not that , it 's the tension that keeps you in your seat . Affleck and Jackson are good sparring partners .
Instead of a hyperbolic beat-charged urban western , it 's an unpretentious , sociologically pointed slice of life .
Interacting eyeball-to-eyeball and toe-to-toe
emphasizes the isolation of these characters by confining color to Liyan 's backyard
as the original
emphasizes the spare precision of the narratives and helps to give them an atavistic power ,
employ their quirky and fearless ability
employ their quirky and fearless ability to look American angst in the eye and end up laughing
as the enigmatic Mika and Anna Mouglalis is a stunning new young talent in one of Chabrol 's most intense psychological mysteries
as the most original in years
as the novel on which it 's based
as the libretto directs , ideally capturing the opera 's drama and lyricism
as the most magical and most fun family fare of this or any recent holiday season
the story itself it mostly told through on-camera interviews with several survivors , whose riveting memories are rendered with such clarity that it 's as if it all happened only yesterday
's that good .
's that good
's technically sumptuous but also almost wildly alive .
's technically sumptuous but also almost wildly alive
's thanks to Huston 's revelatory performance .
's thanks to Huston 's revelatory performance
's surprisingly decent , particularly for a tenth installment in a series .
's surprisingly decent , particularly for a tenth installment in a series
's suspenseful enough for older kids but not too scary for the school-age crowd
's suspenseful enough for older kids but not too scary
a timely , tongue-in-cheek profile
a timely , tongue-in-cheek profile of the corporate circus that is the recording industry in the current climate of mergers and downsizing
Uneven , self-conscious but often hilarious spoof .
Too daft by half ... but supremely good natured .
tailored an epic tale into a lean , economical movie
Undoubtedly the scariest movie ever made about tattoos .
Undoubtedly
Under a Red Bridge is a poem to the enduring strengths of women
Uncle Ralph . It 's a great performance and a reminder of Dickens ' grandeur
Uneven , self-conscious but often hilarious
memorable for some great one-liners
memorable ensemble piece
a tight , brisk 85-minute screwball thriller , ''
to elevate it beyond its formula to the level of classic romantic comedy to which it aspires
academic
accept the characters and the film , flaws and all
An allegory concerning the chronically mixed signals African American professionals get about overachieving
An allegory concerning the chronically mixed signals African American professionals get about overachieving could be intriguing
An allegory concerning the chronically mixed signals African American professionals get about overachieving could be intriguing ,
that makes you ache with sadness ( the way Chekhov is funny ) , profound without ever being self-important , warm without ever succumbing to sentimentality
that makes a depleted yesterday feel very much like a brand-new tomorrow
that make it well worth watching
what an idea
what an idea , what a thrill ride . This is a more fascinating look at the future than '' Bladerunner '' and one of the most high-concept sci fi adventures attempted for the screen
spicy footnote
spicy
spirit triumphs
spiced with the intrigue of academic skullduggery and politics .
spiced with the intrigue of academic skullduggery and politics
The origin story is well told , and the characters will not disappoint anyone who values the original comic books
Harks back to a time when movies had more to do with imagination than market research .
Harks
what I like about Men With Brooms and what is kind of special
what I like about Men With Brooms and what is kind of special is how the film knows what 's unique and quirky about Canadians
what a thrill ride
twinkling
The invincible Werner Herzog
The appearance of Treebeard and Gollum 's expanded role will either have you loving what you 're seeing , or rolling your eyes . I loved it ! Gollum 's ` performance ' is incredible !
The film overcomes the regular minefield of coming-of-age cliches with potent doses of honesty and sensitivity .
The film makes a strong case for the importance of the musicians in creating the Motown sound .
The film is often filled with a sense of pure wonderment and excitement not often seen in today 's cinema du sarcasm
as witty
as you watch the movie , you 're too interested to care .
aspires to be more than another `` Best Man '' clone by weaving a theme throughout this funny film
of the masterful British actor Ian Holm
of the lovable-loser protagonist
of the moment who can rise to fans ' lofty expectations
like quirky , odd movies and\/or the ironic
nicest
no denying the fun of watching De Niro and Crystal having fun
to a problem Hollywood too long has ignored
to a love story risks trivializing it , though Chouraqui no doubt intended the film to affirm love 's power to help people endure almost unimaginable horror .
to a man whose achievements -- and complexities -- reached far beyond the end zone
to a mood that 's sustained through the surprisingly somber conclusion
to a satisfying destination
The film 's sense of imagery gives it a terrible strength , but
The film 's sense of imagery gives it a terrible strength , but it 's propelled by the acting
The film 's sense of imagery gives it a terrible strength , but it 's propelled by the acting .
The film 's strength is n't in its details , but in the larger picture it paints - of a culture in conflict with itself , with the thin veneer of nationalism that covers our deepest , media-soaked fears .
sassy
can help heal
were far more entertaining than I had expected
can get past the fantastical aspects and harsh realities of '' The Isle '' you 'll get a sock-you-in-the-eye flick that is a visual tour-de-force and a story that is unlike any
called this gutsy and at times exhilarating movie a great yarn
Will no doubt delight Plympton 's legion of fans ;
new life into the familiar by amalgamating genres and adding true human complexity to its not-so-stock characters . '
new life into the familiar by amalgamating genres and adding true human
new collectible
nighttime Manhattan , a loquacious videologue of the modern male and the lengths to which he 'll go to weave a protective cocoon around his own ego
before it builds up to its insanely staged ballroom scene , in which 3000 actors appear in full regalia
Kids five and up will be delighted with the fast , funny , and even touching story .
Kids who are into this Thornberry stuff will probably be in wedgie heaven .
plummets into a comedy graveyard before Janice comes racing to the rescue in the final reel .
plummets into a comedy graveyard before Janice comes racing to the rescue in the final reel
poetic force and
well-acted , bald
poetic force and buoyant feeling
well-acted , weirdly retro thriller
welcome relief
poetic force
welcome step
well acted by the four primary actors
well done , but slow
that spans time and reveals meaning
Sen as a filmmaker of considerable potential
Seldom has a movie so closely matched the spirit of a man and his work .
interesting or suspenseful
interesting dynamic
interesting elements
interesting and good
scale a building like a super hero
going to jell
going for that PG-13 rating
is the one thing that holds interest in the midst of a mushy , existential exploration of why men leave their families
is the funniest 5 minutes to date in this spy comedy franchise
serene
a shimmering picture postcard
laid back
who has come to New York City to replace past tragedy with the American Dream
Lovely &
Makes an aborbing if arguable case for the man 's greatness
Makes S&M seem very romantic , and Maggie Gyllenhaal is a delight
Makes S&M seem very romantic , and
last album
Mama Africa pretty much delivers on that promise . It does give you a peek . The main problem being that it 's only a peek .
Hrs . made Eddie Murphy a movie star and the man has n't aged a day .
Mama Africa pretty much delivers on that promise .
the best of the swashbucklers
the Serbs themselves
smart and complicated
smart , steamy mix
smarter and more unnerving than the sequels
Observant intelligence
can feel the heat that ignites this gripping tale , and the humor and humanity that root it in feeling .
can feel the heat that ignites this gripping tale , and the humor and humanity that root it in feeling
can be heart-rending in an honest and unaffected ( and gentle ) way
can deliver
can be when it 's approached with imagination and flair
can enjoy it anyway .
can enjoy it anyway
accurately
the hallmark of this bittersweet , uncommonly sincere movie that portrays the frank humanity of ... emotional recovery
about each other against all odds
about fetishism . It is a movie about passion
Flawed but worthy
Focus '' works
Focus
For all its failed connections , Divine Secrets of the Ya-Ya Sisterhood is nurturing , in a gauzy , dithering way .
For all its serious sense of purpose ... ( it ) finds a way to lay bare the tragedies of its setting with a good deal of warmth and humor .
For its seriousness , high literary aspirations and stunning acting , the film can only be applauded .
For its seriousness , high literary aspirations and stunning acting
his strongest performance
memories and one fantastic visual trope
bong
boost Stallone 's career
borders on rough-trade homo-eroticism
flawless film , ( Wang ) emerges in the front ranks of China 's now numerous , world-renowned filmmakers .
Clint Eastwood 's efficiently minimalist style
coffee
coherent , believable story
quirky movie
quirky cast
quirky drama
quite compelling as an intense , brooding character study
quite entertaining
quite beautiful
works on any number of levels
quite tasty
quite tasty and
been the ultimate IMAX trip
works smoothly under the direction of Spielberg , who does a convincing impersonation here of a director enjoying himself immensely
works smoothly under the direction of Spielberg , who does a convincing impersonation here of a director enjoying himself immensely .
has claws enough to get inside you and stay there for a couple of hours
A very well-meaning movie , and it will stand in future years as an eloquent memorial to the World Trade Center tragedy .
A very well-meaning movie , and it
A very well-meaning movie , and
A very well-meaning movie ,
A very good film sits in the place where a masterpiece should be .
A very good film
A very charming and funny movie .
A very charming and funny movie
is a dazzling conceptual feat
is a decent moral
is a fascinating little tale
is a fascinating little tale .
A weird and wonderful comedy .
A weird and wonderful comedy
mesmerize you
mesmerizing
mesmerizing and exceedingly hard
melodrama . But it 's emotionally engrossing , too , thanks to strong , credible performances from the whole cast
brutal and funny work
brought unexpected gravity to Blade II
brow
, double-pistoled , ballistic-pyrotechnic Hong Kong action
, emotionally honest
a lot richer than the ones
a lot to recommend Read My Lips
a love letter for the slain rappers
a love affair
a love letter
a love story and
a love story and a murder mystery that expands into a meditation on the deep deceptions of innocence
stays afloat thanks to its hallucinatory production design
went out gunning to make a great one .
stays afloat thanks to its hallucinatory production design .
were tales that had been handed down since the beginning of time
state that Kissing Jessica Stein may be the best same-sex romance I have seen
12th Oscar nomination
The movie is silly beyond comprehension ,
recharged
recognizable and true
recognizable and true that , as in real life , we 're never sure how things will work out
cute partnership
cute animals
cute animals and
cute and cloying
cute animals and clumsy people . ` Snow Dogs ' has both
cute drama
at least it looks pretty
at least now we 've got something pretty damn close
at least it 's a funny no-brainer
O Fantasma is boldly , confidently orchestrated , aesthetically and sexually ,
, however , is original
, however , is the edge of wild , lunatic invention that we associate with Cage 's best acting
noble endeavor
gets chills
a manner that one never overwhelms the other
a masterpiece of elegant wit and artifice
a masterpiece
In this incarnation its fizz is infectious .
A resonant tale
A refreshingly honest and ultimately touching tale of the sort of people usually ignored in contemporary American film . Search it out .
Snow Dogs deserves every single one of them
A richly imagined and admirably mature
A rewarding work of art
A rewarding work
A resonant tale of racism , revenge and retribution .
A richly imagined and admirably mature work from a gifted director who definitely has something on his mind .
Hollywood movie
( who is always a joy to watch , even when her material is not first-rate )
( their lamentations are pretty much self-centered ) , there 's something vital about the movie .
( the stage show ) , you still have to see this !
( the leads ) are such a companionable couple
add up to a satisfying crime drama .
add up to a satisfying crime drama
added clout
adapts
add up to a moving tragedy with some buoyant human moments .
add up to a moving tragedy with some buoyant human moments
added depth and resonance
added clout to this doc
quite touching
A sly game of cat and mouse
A sly game of cat and mouse that 's intense and thrilling at times ,
Holm does his sly , intricate magic , and Iben Hjelje is entirely appealing as Pumpkin .
's about teenagers ,
's actually pretty good in the first few minutes
Smaller numbered kidlets will enjoy .
figures prominently in this movie , and helps keep the proceedings as funny for grown-ups as for rugrats .
figures prominently in this movie , and helps keep the proceedings as funny for grown-ups as for rugrats
filled with love for the movies of the 1960s .
filled with love for the movies of the 1960s
film a must for everyone
film a must
earnest moment
) an astounding performance that deftly , gradually reveals a real human soul buried beneath a spellbinding serpent 's smirk .
the lovers
that , in their own idiosyncratic way , sum up the strange horror of life in the new millennium
those terrific songs and
thriller , coupled with some ingenious plot devices and some lavishly built settings . .
timely and
to be universal in its themes of loyalty , courage and dedication to a common goal , never
to be viewed and treasured for its extraordinary intelligence and originality as well as its lyrical variations on the game of love
reynolds
warm , funny
rival to live , but a fine little amuse-bouche to keep your appetite
is n't trying simply to out-shock , out-outrage or out-depress its potential audience
special-effects-laden extravaganzas
romance
A charming , quirky and leisurely paced Scottish comedy --
A charming , quirky and leisurely paced Scottish comedy -- except with an outrageous central gimmick that could have been a reject from Monty Python 's Meaning of Life
4 friends , 2 couples , 2000 miles , and
in various wet T-shirt and shower scenes
A candid and often fascinating documentary about a Pentecostal church
interesting topic
a landmark role
a last-minute happy ending
a huge charm factor
a kick
a hoot
a hoot and a half
a hoot and a half , and a great way for the American people
a hoot and a half , and a great way for the American people to see what a candidate is like when he 's not giving the same 15-cent stump speech
with potent doses of honesty and sensitivity
with plausibility
with rewards to be had by all willing to make the effort to reap them
with his intelligent grasp of human foibles and contradictions
classic cinema
clarity
Real Women Have Curves '' is a sweet , honest , and enjoyable comedy-drama about a young woman who wants many things in life , but fears she 'll become her mother before she gets to fulfill her dreams .
Really quite funny
Really quite funny .
Reassuring
Reassuring , retro uplifter .
Red Dragon '' is entertaining .
Red Dragon satisfies -- from its ripe recipe , inspiring ingredients , certified cuisine and palatable presentation .
Refreshing
Refreshing .
everything right
everybody who wants to be a kid again , or show it to their own kids
everyone 's
evocative music
This is a good script , good dialogue , funny even for adults . The characters are interesting and often very creatively constructed from figure to backstory . The film will play equally well on both the standard and giant screens .
This is a good script , good dialogue , funny even for adults . The characters are interesting and often very creatively constructed from figure to backstory .
This is a winning ensemble comedy that shows Canadians can put gentle laughs and equally gentle sentiments on the button , just as easily as their counterparts anywhere else in the world .
This is a movie you can trust .
This illuminating documentary
This flick is about as cool and crowd-pleasing as a documentary can get .
This illuminating documentary transcends our preconceived vision of the Holy Land and its inhabitants , revealing the human complexities beneath .
This is human comedy at its most amusing , interesting and confirming .
No. 1
if you 've a taste for the quirky , steal a glimpse
to be seen by anyone with even a passing interest in the events shaping the world beyond their own horizons
to be sweet and wickedly satisfying at the same time
to be remembered at Oscar time for crafting this wonderful portrait of a conflicted soldier
to be seduced by ( Witherspoon 's ) charisma , even
to be savored
to be tender and darkly comic
to be sweet and wickedly satisfying at the same time .
minutely detailed wonders
is the picture of health with boundless energy until a few days before she dies .
minutely detailed wonders of dreamlike ecstasy
a testimonial dinner
nostalgic spy-movie charm
nostalgic spy-movie
not a cozy or ingratiating work , but it 's challenging , sometimes clever , and always interesting ,
not a cozy or ingratiating work , but it 's challenging , sometimes clever , and always interesting
not a cozy or ingratiating work , but it 's challenging , sometimes clever , and always interesting , and those are reasons enough to see it
not a cozy or ingratiating work , but it 's challenging , sometimes clever , and always interesting , and
grabs you in the dark and shakes you vigorously for its duration .
grabs you in the dark and shakes you vigorously for its duration
grabs you
got to my inner nine-year-old
grab me
lifts the film
of Polanski 's best films
of Vardalos ' humor , which transcends ethnic boundaries
striving to anchor itself in new grounds
though everyone in my group extemporaneously shouted , ` Thank you !
structured and exquisitely
strongly with anybody who still retains a soft spot for precollegiate humor
the quality of Neil Burger 's impressive fake documentary
the quirks of fame . His healthy sense of satire is light and fun
the punch of a good sitcom
the rare directors who feels acting is the heart and soul of cinema . He allows his cast members to make creative contributions to the story and dialogue . This method almost never fails him , and it works superbly here
solution
delivers -- in a couple of genres , no less .
delivers -- in a couple of genres , no less
definitely want the T-shirt
defines a generation
deeply thought-provoking look
deeply thought-provoking
horror\/action hybrid
Not a bad premise
's just a movie that happens to have Jackie Chan in it . And that makes all the difference
realism , crisp storytelling and radiant
tout
realism , crisp storytelling and radiant compassion
spare dialogue and acute expressiveness
Tom Tykwer , director of the resonant and sense-spinning Run Lola Run
Too bad Kramer
fairy-tale conclusion
faith , love and power
fairly trite narrative
the start -- and , refreshingly , stays that way
the stomach-knotting suspense
that swings and jostles to the rhythms of life
that rare family movie -- genuine and sweet
the start -- and , refreshingly ,
old enough to have earned a 50-year friendship
old-fashioned Hollywood magic
old-time B movies good-bad that makes Eight Legged Freaks a perfectly entertaining summer diversion
to enjoy its own transparency
to enter and accept another world
to enjoy for a lifetime
There 's something poignant about an artist of 90-plus years taking the effort to share his impressions of life and loss and time and art with us .
There 's something to be said for a studio-produced film that never bothers to hand viewers a suitcase full of easy answers .
There 's real visual charge to the filmmaking , and a strong erotic spark to the most crucial lip-reading sequence
There 's real visual charge to the filmmaking , and a strong erotic spark to the most crucial lip-reading sequence .
There 's real visual charge to the filmmaking ,
There 's real visual charge to the filmmaking , and
There 's undeniable enjoyment to be had from films crammed with movie references
There 's undeniable enjoyment to be had from films crammed with movie references ,
deserves a sequel
deserves a look
vampire fun
that he will once again be an honest and loving one
gently funny , sweetly adventurous film
gentle laughs and equally gentle sentiments on the button ,
gentle laughs and equally gentle sentiments on the button , just as
gentle laughs and equally gentle sentiments on the button , just as easily as their counterparts anywhere else in the world
gently funny , sweetly adventurous
gentle film
gentle laughs
gentle laughs and
gentle laughs and equally gentle sentiments on the button
which is a treasure in and of itself
variable
where Bergman approaches Swedish fatalism using Gary Larson 's Far Side humor
the apparent skills of its makers and the talents of its actors
the arguments
determined , ennui-hobbled
from Dawson 's Creek
all-enveloping movie experience
all your mateys ,
all works out
's a clear-eyed portrait of an intensely lived time , filled with nervous energy , moral ambiguity and great uncertainties
make Love a joy to behold .
's a charming and often affecting journey .
Tim Story 's not there yet - but ` Barbershop ' shows he 's on his way
Throughout , Mr. Audiard 's direction is fluid and quick .
Like Shrek , Spirit 's visual imagination reminds you of why animation is such a perfect medium for children , because of the way it allows the mind to enter and accept another world .
Like Mike is n't going to make box office money that makes Michael Jordan jealous , but it has some cute moments , funny scenes , and hits the target audience ( young Bow Wow fans ) - with nothing but net
Like Mike shoots and scores
Like Mike is n't going to make box office money that makes Michael Jordan jealous , but it has some cute moments , funny scenes , and hits the target audience ( young Bow Wow fans ) - with nothing but net .
Like Mike stands out for its only partly synthetic decency .
Like Mike shoots and scores , doing its namesake proud
's so fascinating you wo n't be able to look away for a second .
's semi-amusing to watch Robert DeNiro belt out `` When you 're a Jet
's so good that its relentless , polished wit can withstand not only inept school productions , but even Oliver Parker 's movie adaptation .
's so fun about this silly , outrageous , ingenious thriller
a very old-school kind of quality
a very well-made , funny and entertaining picture .
a very well-made , funny and entertaining picture
a very well-made , funny and entertaining
Pixar 's
Piercingly affecting ...
Piercingly affecting
Piercingly affecting ... while clearly a manipulative film , emerges as powerful rather than cloying .
Piercingly affecting ... while clearly a manipulative film , emerges as powerful rather than cloying
recommended viewing for its courage , ideas , technical proficiency and great acting .
recommended viewing for its courage , ideas , technical proficiency and great acting
set new standards for thrills , suspense ,
Nothing wrong with performances here ,
Posey
Not to mention absolutely refreshed .
Nothing overly original , mind you , but solidly entertaining
Nothing overly original , mind you , but solidly entertaining .
the power of fantasy
that allows the seeds of the imagination to germinate
with jaw-dropping action sequences , striking villains , a gorgeous color palette , astounding technology , stirring music and a boffo last hour
with lots of laughs
Some Body will take you places you have n't been , and also places you have .
well-meaning and
bona fide
simple but absorbing
as Patriot Games can still turn out a small , personal film with an emotional wallop
that boasts both a heart and a mind
's an earnest debut full of heartfelt performances ,
's an earnest debut full of heartfelt performances , but
's an earnest debut full of heartfelt performances
handsomely produced
transformed into the stronger of the two films
touching and
translates Naipaul 's lively mix of characters from the page
of cinematic perfection
touch the hearts of both children and adults , as well as
touch the hearts of both children and adults ,
bet there is and it 's what makes this rather convoluted journey worth taking
best way
best war movies
better acting and a hilarious Kenneth Branagh . An excellent sequel
bet there is and it 's what makes this rather convoluted journey worth taking .
of character-driven storytelling
better characters
A portrait of alienation so perfect ,
if it 's filmed Tosca that you want
much of it is good for a laugh
Throughout , Mr . Audiard 's direction is fluid and quick .
Thumbs up to Paxton
Thumbs up
is a coming-of-age story with a twist
is a brief shooting star of love
is , to some degree at least , quintessentially American
is , in many ways , an admirable achievement .
is Carion 's debut feature but his script and direction hums with a confidence that many spend entire careers trying to reach .
is Carion 's debut feature but his script and direction hums with a confidence that many spend entire careers trying to reach
is Undercover Brother as funny , if not more so , than both Austin Powers films
's no surprise that as a director Washington demands and receives excellent performances
helpful
helps make the film 's conclusion powerful and satisfying
Witty and
Witty and often surprising
Witty and often surprising , a dark little morality tale disguised as a romantic comedy .
Wonder , hope and magic
champion the fallibility of the human heart
champion
chance to revitalize what is and always has been remarkable about clung-to traditions
chance to prove his worth
chance to learn , to grow , to travel
chance to find love in the most unlikely place
to good fun
chance to shine
in the immediate aftermath of the terrorist attacks
in the front ranks of China 's now numerous , world-renowned filmmakers
in the manner of a Golden Book sprung to life
from behind
manages to squeeze by on Angelina Jolie 's surprising flair for self-deprecating comedy .
sparkling retina candy
sparkling beauty
in Janice 's behavior
that has just enough charm and good acting to make it interesting , but is
most convincing emotional gravity from a scene where Santa gives gifts to grownups
the true creativity
delivered a solidly entertaining and moving family drama
deliver some tawdry kicks
delivering genuine , acerbic laughs
delivers a game performance
delivering a wholesome fantasy for kids
tie together beautifully
delivers a powerful commentary
delivers a powerful commentary on how governments lie
the journey feel like a party
us a slice of life that 's very different from our own and yet instantly recognizable
us care about this latest reincarnation of the world 's greatest teacher
Because the film deliberately lacks irony , it has a genuine dramatic impact
Beautifully reclaiming the story of Carmen and recreating it an in an African idiom .
Beautifully reclaiming the story of Carmen and
Beautifully reclaiming the story of Carmen and recreating it an in an African idiom
time and art
like a high-end John Hughes comedy , a kind of Elder Bueller 's Time Out
is sensational and revelatory ,
is sensational and revelatory
is really all about performances
a sports movie with action that 's exciting on the field and a story you care about off it .
is sensational and revelatory , even if scratching makes you itch .
a sports movie with action that 's exciting on the field and a story you care about off it
A heartbreakingly thoughtful minor classic ,
A heartbreakingly thoughtful minor classic , the work of a genuine and singular artist
A heartbreakingly thoughtful minor classic , the work of a genuine and singular artist .
A heroic tale
A heroic tale of persistence that is sure to win viewers ' hearts
A heroic tale of persistence that is sure to win viewers ' hearts .
A hypnotic cyber hymn and a cruel story of youth culture .
A hypnotic portrait
a standard
plot development
the arduous journey of a sensitive young girl through a series of foster homes and
a seriously intended movie that is not easily forgotten
a set of heartfelt performances
a seriously intended movie
a sharp eye
have been much better
one clever line
the darling of many a kids-and-family-oriented cable channel
Directing with a sure and measured hand
Directing with a sure and measured hand , ( Haneke ) steers clear of the sensational and offers instead an unflinching and objective look at a decidedly perverse pathology .
Director Andrew Niccol ... demonstrates a wry understanding of the quirks of fame . His healthy sense of satire is light and fun ...
Director Claude Chabrol
Director Claude Chabrol has become the master of innuendo . It is not what you see
Director Claude Chabrol has become the master of innuendo . It is not what you see , it is what you think you see .
a film well
A very well-made , funny and entertaining picture .
A very well-made , funny and entertaining picture
A very funny romantic comedy about two skittish New York middle-agers who stumble into a relationship and then struggle furiously with their fears and foibles .
A welcome relief
A weird , arresting little ride .
A welcome relief from baseball movies that try too hard to be mythic , this one is a sweet and modest and ultimately winning story .
A welcome relief from baseball movies that try too hard to be mythic
provide the obstacle course for the love of a good woman
a film well worth seeing , talking and singing heads and all
looks even better
looking for something new and hoping for something entertaining
a filmmaker with a real flair for epic landscapes and adventure
, stylized humor throughout
, surrealistic moments
, surreal ache of mortal awareness emerges a radiant character portrait .
, surprising romance
, sweet , and intermittently hilarious
, sweaty-palmed fun
they fascinate in their recklessness .
they succeed merrily at their noble endeavor .
richly detailed
rich stew
rich performances
rich in the tiny revelations of real life
rich in emotional texture
rich in color and creativity
rich details
rich and intelligent film
Nachtwey clears the cynicism right out of you
Nachtwey hates the wars he shows and empathizes with the victims he reveals
Nachtwey clears the cynicism right out of you . He makes you realize that deep inside righteousness can be found a tough beauty .
live up to the apparent skills of its makers and the talents of its actors
live together
to The Chateau , a sense of light-heartedness , that makes it attractive throughout
to Shyamalan 's gifts , which are such that we 'll keep watching the skies for his next project
to a T
one helluva singer
one for this kind of movie
one colorful event to another
one colorful event
seriousness and quality
epic cinema
epic scope
epic battle scenes
envisioned
epic tale
... routine , harmless diversion and little else .
Fantastic !
Fantastic
... certainly an entertaining ride , despite many talky , slow scenes .
... breathes surprising new life into the familiar by amalgamating genres and adding true human complexity to its not-so-stock characters . '
... a true delight .
... a spoof comedy that carries its share of laughs -- sometimes a chuckle , sometimes a guffaw and , to my great pleasure , the occasional belly laugh .
... actually pretty good .
absorbing
absorbing trip
Despite an impressive roster of stars and direction from Kathryn Bigelow
Despite an overwrought ending , the film works as well as it does because of the performances .
Despite its faults , Gangs excels in spectacle and pacing .
Despite modest aspirations its occasional charms are not to be dismissed .
Despite modest aspirations
astonish and entertain
lasting impression
did they not
why , of all the period 's volatile romantic lives , Sand and Musset are worth particular attention
be a breath of fresh air
be a New Mexican Cinema a-bornin '
quite a rarity
celebrates the human spirit and packs an emotional wallop
the champion that 's made a difference to NYC inner-city youth
I can easily imagine Benigni 's Pinocchio becoming a Christmas perennial . Coal is n't as easy to come by as it used to be and
something of a public service -- shedding light on a group of extremely talented musicians who might otherwise go unnoticed and underappreciated by music fans
the thoughts and reflections coming through
laugh along with them
laugh at the audacity , at the who 's who casting and the sheer insanity of it all
laugh-filled little gem
laugh-filled
The scope of the Silberstein family is large and we grow attached to their lives , full of strength , warmth and vitality . .
The scope of the Silberstein family is large and we grow attached to their lives , full of strength , warmth and vitality .
The result is somewhat satisfying -- it still comes from Spielberg , who has never made anything that was n't at least watchable
The result is somewhat satisfying
The result is somewhat satisfying --
to laugh , groan and hiss
to feel funny and light
that really gives the film its oomph
By the end of No Such Thing the audience , like Beatrice , has a watchful affection for the monster .
an enjoyable family film -- pretty much aimed
an elaborate haunted house each year
complex portrait of a modern Israel
complex ,
complex , unpredictable character
complex and honest
complex , laden with plenty of baggage and tinged with tragic undertones
A formula family tearjerker told with a heavy Irish brogue ... accentuating , rather than muting , the plot 's saccharine thrust .
are undeniably touched
are uniformly good
are undeniably touched .
are tops
are tops , with the two leads delivering Oscar-caliber performances .
are tops , with the two leads delivering Oscar-caliber performances
are uniformly good .
of style , text , and subtext that 's so simple and precise that anything discordant would topple the balance
of stunning images and effects
to share his impressions of life and loss and time and art with us
flamboyant female comics
fits into a classic genre , in its script and execution
exposing the ways we fool ourselves is one hour photo 's real strength
the dreams of youth
exudes
exudes a kind of nostalgic spy-movie charm
This is an extraordinary film , not least because it is Japanese and yet feels universal .
This is an undeniably intriguing film from an adventurous young talent who finds his inspiration on the fringes of the American underground .
This is a very funny , heartwarming film . It has fun with the quirks of family life ,
This is a very funny , heartwarming film . It has fun with the quirks of family life , but
This is a superior horror flick .
This is a very funny , heartwarming film .
This is a visually stunning rumination on love , memory , history and the war between art and commerce .
This is an exercise in chilling style , and Twohy films the sub , inside and out , with an eye on preserving a sense of mystery .
This is a very funny , heartwarming film . It has fun with the quirks of family life , but it also treats the subject with fondness and respect
This is a very funny , heartwarming film . It has fun with the quirks of family life , but it also treats the subject with fondness and respect .
which I thought was rather clever .
its heart , as simple self-reflection meditation
its heartfelt concern
its heartfelt concern about North Korea 's recent past and South Korea 's future
its heartfelt concern about North Korea 's recent past and South Korea 's future adds a much needed moral weight
its great credit
its greatest play
its heart ,
its heightened , well-shaped dramas
its hero
much humor
the ability of the human spirit to overcome adversity
the Year selection
is completely unintentional
helm a more traditionally plotted popcorn thriller while surrendering little of his intellectual rigor or creative composure
help Chicago make the transition from stage to screen with considerable appeal intact
seems compelling and even original
held my interest precisely
heightened , well-shaped dramas
held my interest precisely because it did n't try to
helluva singer
unexpectedly adamant streak
the more you will probably like it .
unforced , rapid-fire delivery
unflaggingly creative
makes this movie worth seeing .
makes you ache with sadness ( the way Chekhov is funny ) , profound without ever being self-important
makes this man so watchable is a tribute not only to his craft , but to his legend
makes this movie worth seeing
makes this man so watchable is a tribute not only to his craft , but to his legend .
arty and jazzy
artsy fantasy sequences --
arty and
the most accomplished work
by splendid performances
friendship , love , and the truth
friendship , love , memory , trust and loyalty
friendship , love , and
friendship ,
friendship , love
freshness
of heart and unsettling subject matter
of gritty realism , crisp storytelling and radiant compassion that effortlessly draws you in
tendency
Exudes the fizz of a Busby Berkeley musical and the visceral excitement of a sports extravaganza
Exudes the fizz of a Busby Berkeley musical and the visceral excitement of a sports extravaganza .
Eyre , a Native American raised by white parents , manages to infuse the rocky path to sibling reconciliation with flashes of warmth and gentle humor
see it
More romantic , more emotional and ultimately more satisfying than the teary-eyed original .
More timely than its director could ever have dreamed
More concerned with Sade 's ideas than with his actions . The movie achieves as great an impact by keeping these thoughts hidden as ... ( Quills ) did by showing them .
More romantic
More concerned with Sade 's ideas than with his actions . The movie achieves as great an impact by keeping these thoughts hidden as ...
More romantic , more emotional and
More romantic , more emotional and ultimately more satisfying than the teary-eyed original
More romantic ,
More romantic , more emotional
remarkable procession
timeless and unique perspective
refreshingly
replaced with Morph , a cute alien creature who mimics everyone and everything around
Cinematic poetry showcases the city 's old-world charm
makes the movie special
Begins like a docu-drama but builds its multi-character story with a flourish .
Below casts its spooky net out into the Atlantic Ocean and spits it back , grizzled and charred , somewhere northwest of the Bermuda Triangle .
Belinsky is still able to create an engaging story that keeps you guessing at almost every turn .
Belgium 's national treasure
a fascinating , intelligent manner
a fascinating document of an event that has to be seen to be believed
a fascinating document
It 's one heck of a character study -- not of Hearst or Davies but of the unique relationship between them .
A great cast and a wonderful but sometimes confusing flashback movie about growing up in a dysfunctional family .
A great cast and a wonderful but sometimes confusing flashback
A hallmark film in an increasingly important film industry and worth the look
A hallmark film
A gracious , eloquent film that by its end offers a ray of hope to the refugees able to look ahead and resist living in a past forever lost .
A gracious , eloquent film that by its end offers a ray of hope to the refugees able to look ahead and resist living in a past
A great cast and
A great cast
the fleeting joys of love 's brief moment
A hallmark film in an increasingly important film industry and worth the look .
chases for an hour and then
The Good Girl is a refreshingly adult take on adultery ...
The Hours is what movies are supposed to be
Sparkling , often hilarious romantic jealousy comedy ...
Sparkling , often hilarious romantic jealousy comedy ... Attal looks so much like a young Robert DeNiro that it seems the film should instead be called ` My Husband Is Travis Bickle '
Sparkling , often hilarious romantic jealousy comedy ... Attal looks so much like a young Robert DeNiro that it seems the film should instead be called ` My Husband Is Travis Bickle ' .
Sparse but oddly compelling
Sparse but oddly compelling .
Speaks eloquently about the symbiotic relationship between art and life .
Spectacular
Spectacular in every sense of the word , even if you don ' t
remarkable and memorable film
to suggest possibilities which imbue the theme with added depth and resonance
sentimental but entirely irresistible portrait
sentimental but entirely irresistible
sentimentalizing it
sentimentalizing
sentimental war movies
sentimental script
embroiled in a bloody civil war
, the trip there is a great deal of fun .
, the world 's political situation seems little different , and ( director Phillip ) Noyce brings out the allegory with remarkable skill .
, then by all means check it out .
, then this first film to use a watercolor background since `` Dumbo '' certainly ranks as the most original in years .
grade
gracefully
graces
grace this deeply touching melodrama .
grace to call for prevention rather than to place blame , making it one of the best war movies ever made
worthy predecessors
worthy successor
worthy and
grace that still leaves shockwaves
worthy of our respect
worthwhile effort
worthwhile glimpse
grace this deeply touching melodrama
Gets under the skin of a man who has just lost his wife .
by casting an actress whose face projects that woman 's doubts and yearnings , it succeeds
by casting an actress whose face projects that woman 's doubts and yearnings , it
the working
good , straightforward tale
good , lively company
good deal
good chemistry
good cheer
good as Leon Barlow
by casting an actress whose face projects that woman 's doubts and yearnings
good ethics
good director
's really well directed
's shot on digital video , whose tiny camera enables Shafer to navigate spaces both large ... and small ... with considerable aplomb
stays close to the ground in a spare and simple manner and does n't pummel us with phony imagery or music
staying friends
stays close to the ground
stays close to the ground in a spare and simple manner
stays close to the ground in a spare and simple manner and
be drawn in by the sympathetic characters
be embraced
be distinguished from a mediocre one
be distinguished from a mediocre one by the better film 's ability to make its subject interesting to those who are n't part of its supposed target audience . Judging by those standards , ` Scratch ' is a pretty decent little documentary
be delighted with the fast , funny
be delightfully compatible
be delightfully compatible here
adventure story and history lesson
advocacy cinema that carries you along in a torrent of emotion as it explores the awful complications of one terrifying day
Absolutely
Academy Award
hard to conceive anyone else in their roles
your typical majid majidi shoe-loving ,
, very good
, viscerally exciting , and dramatically moving , it 's the very definition of epic adventure .
hard to imagine having more fun watching a documentary ...
, visually graceful
a clever and cutting , quick and dirty look
a clever
a clear-eyed chronicle
a clear-eyed
a clear-eyed take on the economics of dealing and the pathology of ghetto fabulousness
a clear-eyed chronicle of a female friendship that is more complex and honest than anything represented in a Hollywood film
a classic genre
a class with Spike Lee 's masterful
a clean , kid-friendly outing
a classic spy-action or buddy movie
a simply astounding cor-blimey-luv-a-duck cockney accent
a sincere performance
a simplistic narrative and
perfectly serviceable and
, Dong provides perspective with his intelligent grasp of human foibles and contradictions .
been a good film in `` Trouble Every Day
's the best sequel since The Empire Strikes Back ... a majestic achievement , an epic of astonishing grandeur and surprising emotional depth
becoming a Christmas perennial
it is a young artist 's thoughtful consideration of fatherhood
that catches you up in something bigger than yourself
that by its end offers a ray of hope to the refugees able to look ahead and resist living in a past
self-consciously poetic
continued good chemistry
controlled , passionate adaptation of Graham Greene 's 1955 novel
a sardonic jolt
a satisfactory overview of the bizarre world of extreme athletes as several daredevils
a satisfactory overview
a sane and breathtakingly creative film
would have easily tipped this film into the `` A '' range , as is
a satisfying crime drama
a satisfactory overview of the bizarre world of extreme athletes as several daredevils express their own views .
A powerful , chilling , and affecting study
A powerful , chilling , and affecting study of one man
A powerful , chilling , and affecting study of one man 's dying fall .
A powerful , inflammatory film
A powerful , inflammatory film about religion that dares to question an ancient faith , and about hatred that offers no easy , comfortable resolution
A powerful , inflammatory film about religion that dares to question an ancient faith , and about hatred that offers no easy , comfortable resolution .
A pretty funny movie
A pretty funny movie ,
A pretty funny movie , with most of the humor
A pretty funny movie , with most of the humor coming , as before , from the incongruous but chemically perfect teaming of Crystal and De Niro
reveals the ways in which a sultry evening or a beer-fueled afternoon in the sun can inspire even the most retiring heart to venture forth
reveals the ways in which a sultry evening or a beer-fueled afternoon in the sun can inspire even the most retiring heart to venture forth .
revelatory about his psyche
reverberates throughout this film , whose meaning and impact is sadly heightened by current world events
reverie
reviewers
It may not be a huge cut of above the rest , but I enjoyed Barbershop .
It may not be a huge cut of above the rest , but I enjoyed Barbershop
The film 's messages of tolerance and diversity are n't particularly original , but one ca n't help but be drawn in by the sympathetic characters .
The film 's messages of tolerance and diversity are n't particularly original , but one ca n't help but be drawn in by the sympathetic characters
the inner struggles of our adolescent heroes - insecure , uncontrolled , and intense
the insight and honesty of this disarming indie
the insight and honesty
pulls off enough
shadowy vision Clooney sustains throughout
shadowy vision Clooney sustains throughout is daring , inventive and impressive .
of romantic obsession
is richer than anticipated
is remarkably engaging despite being noticeably derivative of Goodfellas and at least a half dozen other trouble-in-the-ghetto flicks .
is remembering
The best film about baseball
The best film about baseball to hit theaters since Field of Dreams
The best animated
The best animated feature to hit theaters since Beauty and the Beast 11 years ago .
The bodily function jokes are about what you 'd expect , but there are rich veins of funny stuff in this movie
The bodily function jokes are about what you 'd expect , but there are rich veins of funny stuff in this movie .
can take a good joke
a perfectly rendered period piece
think most of the people who loved the 1989 Paradiso will prefer this new version
about warning kids about the dangers of ouija boards
greatest-hits reel
holds you
, scathing and joyous . It 's a masterpeice .
greatest teacher
, sad without being shrill , '' A Walk to Remember '' succeeds through sincerity .
greatest films
greatest-hits
while he talks
's Kidman who holds the film together with a supremely kittenish performance that gradually accumulates more layers .
just felt like it did
, seamless and sumptuous stream
own idiosyncratic way
a pastiche of children 's entertainment , superhero comics , and Japanese animation
own brightly colored dreams
will capture the minds and hearts of many
then by all means check it out .
Jackson , who also served as executive producer , take his smooth , shrewd , powerful act abroad
Jackie Chan movies are a guilty pleasure - he 's easy to like and always leaves us laughing
Jackie Chan movies are a guilty pleasure -
Jackson 's
Jackie Chan movies are a guilty pleasure - he 's easy to like and always leaves us laughing .
in grand passion
traditional moviemaking all the way
a passable family film
unconcerned with plausibility , yet just as determined
and the director 's well-known narrative gamesmanship
and the experience is profound . The Hours is what movies are supposed to be ...
and the era is recreated with obvious affection , scored to perfection with some tasty boogaloo beats .
and the entrancing music of Philip Glass
and the droll scene-stealing wit and wolfish pessimism of Anna Chancellor that makes this '' Two Weddings and a Funeral '' fun
and the humor and humanity that root it in feeling
rustic , realistic , and altogether creepy
Earns
Earns its laughs from stock redneck ` types ' and from the many , many moments when we recognize even without the Elizabethan prose , the play behind the thing
Droll caper-comedy
Droll caper-comedy remake of '' Big Deal on Madonna Street '' that 's a sly , amusing , laugh-filled little gem in which the ultimate '' Bellini '' begins to look like a '' real Kaputschnik . ''
Drop Dead Gorgeous
Earnest
a great deal of insight
ideas and wry comic mayhem
ideas and special-interest groups
succeeds as a well-made evocation of a subculture .
succeeds as a well-made evocation of a subculture
succeeds
successfully
successful
such a high-energy
the sleekness of the film 's present
the sleekness
the small , human moments
the smarter offerings
compressed characterisations and for its profound humanity
Giggling
Far more successful , if considerably less ambitious , than last year 's Kubrick-meets-Spielberg exercise
Far more successful , if considerably less ambitious , than last year 's Kubrick-meets-Spielberg exercise .
Fans of the modern day Hong Kong action film finally have the worthy successor to A Better Tomorrow and The Killer which they have been patiently waiting for .
Far more successful
Far more successful , if considerably less ambitious ,
stay afloat
Strong filmmaking
, interesting and confirming
, is both funny and irritating
, insightful and entertaining
, ingenious
, intelligent film
giggles
, it 's a lyrical endeavour .
, it 's a daring if overlong examination of an idolized culture , self-loathing and sexual politics .
gifted Korean American stand-up
scary-funny
decent acting ,
decadent in its cinematic flash
decent acting
decent acting , writing ,
decent acting , writing , and
) gorgeous
( unintentionally ) funniest moments
the great Daniel Auteuil , ''
the great Daniel Auteuil ,
See it for his performance if nothing else .
See it for his performance if nothing else
I had a dream that a smart comedy would come along to rescue me from a summer of teen-driven , toilet-humor codswallop , and
I had a dream that a smart comedy would come along to rescue me from a summer of teen-driven , toilet-humor codswallop , and its name was Earnest .
I found myself howling more than cringing
I had a dream that a smart comedy would come along to rescue me from a summer of teen-driven , toilet-humor codswallop
it will just as likely make you weep , and it will do so in a way that does n't make you feel like a sucker .
's both a necessary political work and a fascinating documentary
's at once surreal and disturbingly familiar
's best in more than a decade
's been stirred by the powerful work of his co-stars
cracking up
director Sam Mendes , who segues from Oscar winner to Oscar-winning potential with a smooth sleight of hand
director Peter Sheridan
director Jackson strikes a rewarding balance between emotion on the human scale and action\/effects on the spectacular scale .
director John Polson
The performances take the movie to a higher level .
The pleasures of Super Troopers
The perfect film
The perfect film for those who like sick comedies that can be snide .
The pleasures of Super Troopers may be fleeting , but they 'll register strongly with anybody who still retains a soft spot for precollegiate humor .
C.H.O. Cho proves she has the stuff to stand tall with Pryor , Carlin and Murphy .
`` Barbershop '' is a good-hearted ensemble comedy with a variety of quirky characters and an engaging story .
most vital , if least widely recognized ,
most vital , if least widely recognized , creative fountainheads
most touching reconsideration
most transporting or gripping film
most visually stunning and thematically moving epics
most visually stunning
most visually stunning and thematically moving
's the funniest American comedy since Graffiti Bridge .
's the funniest American comedy since Graffiti Bridge
Kirshner wins , but it 's close . )
Kirshner wins , but it 's close .
's the kind of movie that , aside from Robert Altman , Spike Lee , the Coen Brothers and a few others , our moviemakers do n't make often enough .
's the kind of movie that , aside from Robert Altman , Spike Lee , the Coen Brothers and a few others , our moviemakers do n't make often enough
a funny premise
Weiss and
remains fairly light , always entertaining , and smartly written .
remains perfect
remains a film about something , one that attempts and often achieves a level of connection and concern
remains a film about something , one that attempts and often achieves a level of connection and concern .
remains as guarded as a virgin with a chastity belt . That 's why Sex and Lucia is so alluring
remains brightly optimistic
remains brightly optimistic ,
remains brightly optimistic , coming through in the end
An ironic speculation on democracy in a culture
An intelligent , moving and invigorating film .
An intimate , good-humored ethnic comedy
An intelligent , earnest , intimate film that drops the ball only when it pauses for blunt exposition to make sure you 're getting its metaphysical point .
An intelligent , moving and invigorating film
An intriguing cinematic omnibus and round-robin
An intriguing cinematic omnibus and round-robin that occasionally is more interesting in concept than in execution .
An intimate , good-humored ethnic comedy like numerous others but cuts deeper than expected .
An intriguing cinematic omnibus
of those terrific songs and spirited performances
after only three films , director\/co-writer Jacques Audiard , though little known in this country , belongs in the very top rank of French filmmakers
after seeing this movie in IMAX form , you 'll be more acquainted with the tiniest details of Tom Hanks ' face than his wife is
genuinely funny ensemble
A plethora of engaging diatribes on the meaning of ` home
of Leon 's struggle to face and transmute his demons
A plethora of engaging diatribes
A pleasing , often-funny comedy .
A pleasing , often-funny comedy
the often forgotten fact
A pleasing ,
too good
animated thoughts
animated by an energy that puts the dutiful efforts of more disciplined grade-grubbers to shame
animated by an energy that puts the dutiful efforts of more disciplined grade-grubbers
peril
animation enthusiasts
You will emerge with a clearer view of how the gears of justice grind on and the death report comes to share airtime alongside the farm report .
You have to pay attention to follow all the stories , but they 're each interesting . The movie is well shot and very tragic , and one to ponder after the credits roll .
You have to pay attention to follow all the stories , but they 're each interesting .
You might not want to hang out with Samantha , but you 'll probably see a bit of yourself in her unfinished story .
A plethora of engaging diatribes on the meaning of ` home , ' delivered in grand passion by the members of the various households .
Zany
You wo n't like Roger , but you will quickly recognize him . And that 's a big part of why we go to the movies .
, but certainly to people with a curiosity about
means a great movie
Jones and Snipes are enthralling
meaningful cinema
, but it 's not without style
laugh
A sweet-natured reconsideration
nails the role , giving a tight , focused performance illuminated by shards of feeling
's sweet , funny , charming , and completely delightful
's suitable for all ages -- a movie that will make you laugh
's still unusually crafty and intelligent for Hollywood horror
's still unusually crafty and intelligent for Hollywood horror .
is also a work of deft and subtle poetry
is always a joy to watch , even when her material is not first-rate
is always sympathetic
is always watchable
is always watchable .
's sweet , funny , charming , and completely delightful .
's sweet . It 's funny . It wears its heart on the sleeve of its gaudy Hawaiian shirt
laughs that may make you hate yourself for giving in . ah , what the hell
the fast , funny , and even touching story
the film 's centre is a precisely layered performance by an actor in his mid-seventies , Michel Piccoli .
well-established genre
stays with you long after you have left the theatre
sit through -- despite some first-rate performances
some of the dramatic conviction that underlies the best of comedies
some of it is honestly affecting
some major alterations
some of the camera work is interesting
this engaging and literate psychodrama
young in spirit but accomplished in all aspects with the fullness
The determination of Pinochet 's victims to seek justice , and their often heartbreaking testimony , spoken directly into director Patricio Guzman 's camera , pack a powerful emotional wallop .
young adult life in urban South Korea
young enough to be the nonagenarian filmmaker 's son , more incredible
this delicate coming-of-age tale a treat
Treasure
covers this territory with wit and originality , suggesting that with his fourth feature -- the first to be released in the U.S.
Tok and O orchestrate a buoyant , darkly funny dance of death
crafted , and well
to humor
has a caffeinated , sloppy brilliance , sparkling with ideas you wish had been developed with more care , but
based on the wonderful acting clinic put on by Spader and Gyllenhaal
based on J.K. Rowling 's phenomenal fantasy best sellers
about dealing with regret and , ultimately , finding redemption
about changing times , clashing cultures and the pleasures of a well-made pizza
conversations '' holds its goodwill close ,
convicted of nothing
convincing
There 's some good material in their story about a retail clerk wanting more out of life ,
set in Newfoundland that cleverly captures the dry wit that 's so prevalent on The Rock .
Diane Lane shines
The leaping story line , shaped by director Peter Kosminsky into sharp slivers and cutting impressions
The leaping story line , shaped by director Peter Kosminsky into sharp slivers and cutting impressions ,
anarchists who face arrest 15 years after their crime
The last scenes of the film are anguished , bitter and truthful . Mr . Koshashvili is a director to watch
The last scenes of the film are anguished , bitter and truthful . Mr . Koshashvili is a director to watch .
be rewarded with two of the year 's most accomplished and riveting film performances
honest working man John Q. Archibald ,
may be a good half-hour too long but comes replete with a flattering sense of mystery and quietness
The impulses that produced this project ... are commendable , but
marvelous performances
marks a cinematic milestone .
marks a cinematic milestone
maverick
masterful film
master filmmaker
in something lighter and sunnier
Jack Ryan , Tom Clancy 's intrepid hero
The enjoyable Undercover Brother , a zany mix of Saturday Night Live-style parody , '70s Blaxploitation films and goofball action comedy gone wild , dishes out a ton of laughs that everyone can enjoy .
The ensemble cast
Jacquot 's rendering of Puccini 's tale of devotion and double-cross
and impressive
and hope
and hilarious
hits the bullseye
for its originality
and insights
the few ` cool ' actors
the few ` cool ' actors who never seems aware of his own coolness
a real director
a real director and
intoxicating atmosphere
intoxicating atmosphere and
into what looks like a juicy , delicious plum on a hot summer day
an opera movie for the buffs
endearing
engage
energy
engaging ,
engaging
by this film , which is immaculately produced
Goodfellas
Good film
Good old-fashioned slash-and-hack
Good car chases , great fight scenes , and a distinctive blend of European , American and Asian influences
Good car chases , great fight scenes , and a distinctive blend of European , American and Asian influences .
Good car chases , great fight scenes ,
Good car chases , great fight scenes , and
Gorgeous scenes
a little old-fashioned storytelling
a little more attention paid to the animation
really surprises about Wisegirls is its low-key quality and genuine tenderness .
if you love him , you 'll like it
if you love him , you
if you love him
's refreshing
's refreshing that someone understands the need for the bad boy
best didacticism
best describes this film : honest
best comedy concert movie
best and most unpredictable comedy
best actors
best achievements
that examines many different ideas from happiness to guilt in an intriguing bit of storytelling
best little '' horror '' movie
best little '' horror
that excites the imagination and tickles the funny bone
which will probably be perfectly happy with the sloppy slapstick comedy
With the exception of some fleetingly amusing improvisations by Cedric the Entertainer as Perry 's boss
that even the most unlikely can link together to conquer all kinds of obstacles , whether they be of nature , of man or of one another
to their lives , full of strength , warmth and vitality .
to watch as it is enlightening to listen to new sides of a previous reality , and to visit with some of the people who were able to make an impact in the theater world
serious contender
that everyone , especially movie musical fans , has been hoping for
see Mendes and company getting together before a single frame had been shot and collectively vowing , ` This is going to be something really good
wladyslaw szpilman , who is not only a pianist , but a good human being
and celebratory verve
art-conscious
An enormously entertaining movie , like nothing we 've ever seen before , and yet completely familiar .
An enjoyable above average summer diversion .
An enormously entertaining movie
An entertaining , if ultimately minor , thriller .
An enthralling , entertaining feature
An entertaining , if somewhat standardized , action movie .
An enthralling , entertaining feature .
An erotic thriller
Crackerjack entertainment -- nonstop romance , music , suspense and action .
Cox 's work
live up to Barry 's dead-eyed , perfectly chilled delivery
the funniest and most accurate depiction
his film crackles
may inspire a few younger moviegoers to read Stevenson 's book , which is a treasure in and of itself .
significant without being overstated
sci-fi .
comedy to start a reaction
comes along that is so insanely stupid , so awful in so many ways that watching it leaves you giddy . Half Past Dead is just such an achievement .
filmed directly
comes close to hitting a comedic or satirical target
unsettling , memorable cinematic experience
unsettling prognosis
unsettling psychodrama that takes full , chilling advantage of its rough-around-the-edges , low-budget constraints
paints - of a culture in conflict with itself ,
amuse or entertain
amuse or entertain them
among the cinema 's memorable women
Hugely accomplished slice of Hitchcockian suspense .
amused and entertained by the unfolding of Bielinsky 's
amused and entertained by the unfolding of Bielinsky 's cleverly constructed scenario
be why it works as well as it does
a joyous communal festival
a joyous communal festival of rhythm
a joy to watch , even when her material is not first-rate
a joy to watch and -- especially -- to listen to
a journey back to your childhood
a jarring , new-agey tone
eighth-grader
you 're just in the mood for a fun -- but bad -- movie
pop up in nearly every corner of the country
pop-culture
that many more people should check out
that manages to convey more substance despite its repetitions and inconsistencies than do most films than
that makes any given frame look like a family 's custom-made Christmas card
that makes this '' Two Weddings and a Funeral '' fun
that makes us consider our own eccentricities and how they are expressed through our homes
that makes your spine tingle with revelation and excitement
Isabelle Huppert ... again shows uncanny skill in getting under the skin of her characters
Is not so much a work of entertainment as it is a unique , well-crafted psychological study of grief .
It 's ... worth the extra effort to see an artist , still committed to growth in his ninth decade , change while remaining true to his principles with a film whose very subject is , quite pointedly , about the peril of such efforts .
Israeli\/Palestinian conflict as
Crystal and De Niro )
, loud , bang-the-drum
, life-affirming moments
, like life , is n't much fun without the highs and lows
crisp framing
resuscitate
crisp framing , edgy camera work ,
Maryam is more timely now than ever .
Italian masterpiece
It provides the grand , intelligent entertainment of a superior cast playing smart people amid a compelling plot .
It suggests the wide-ranging effects of media manipulation , from the kind of reporting that is done by the supposedly liberal media ... to the intimate and ultimately tragic heartache of maverick individuals like Hatfield and Hicks .
It takes this never-ending confusion and hatred , puts a human face on it , evokes shame among all who are party to it and even promotes understanding .
It is a strength of a documentary to disregard available bias , especially as temptingly easy as it would have been with this premise .
It is a likable story , told with competence .
It is quite a vision .
It is philosophy , illustrated through everyday events .
It is as uncompromising as it is nonjudgmental , and makes clear that a prostitute can be as lonely and needy as any of the clients .
It is an unstinting look at a collaboration between damaged people that may or may not qual
It is refreshingly undogmatic about its characters .
a visually stunning rumination on love , memory , history and the war between art and commerce
a vivid , thoughtful , unapologetically raw coming-of-age tale
a visually stunning rumination
a visually masterful work of quiet power
a visually seductive
a visual style unique and inherent
a visually masterful work
a vivid , thoughtful , unapologetically raw coming-of-age tale full of sex , drugs and rock
a vivid , thoughtful , unapologetically raw coming-of-age tale full of sex , drugs and rock 'n' roll .
the seesawing of the general 's fate in the arguments of competing lawyers has the stomach-knotting suspense of a legal thriller , while the testimony of witnesses lends the film a resonant undertone of tragedy .
among cinema 's finest this year
ambitious ` what if
amusing enough while you watch it , offering fine acting moments and pungent insights into modern L.A. 's show-biz and media
amusing concept
spirit and talent
spiritual-uplift
This road movie gives you emotional whiplash
amused by the idea
recommended --
recognize that there are few things in this world more complex -- and , as it turns out , more fragile
cutting impressions
second helpings of love , romance , tragedy , false dawns , real dawns , comic relief , two separate crises during marriage ceremonies , and the lush scenery of the Cotswolds
amusing and unexpectedly insightful examination
surprisingly faithful
some wonderfully fresh moments that smooth the moral stiffness with human kindness and hopefulness
the message of our close ties with animals can certainly not be emphasized enough
the meaning and value of family
some wonderfully fresh moments
the meaning and value
mean that it 's interesting to anyone else
somehow managed to make its way past my crappola radar and find a small place in my heart
somehow makes it all the more compelling .
surprisingly inoffensive
has usually
It is also beautifully acted .
It is amusing
It is also a testament to the integrity and vision of the band .
It inspires a continuing and deeply satisfying awareness of the best movies as monumental ` picture shows . '
It haunts , horrifies , startles and fascinates ; it is impossible to look away . Ah yes , and then there 's the music
It haunts you , you ca n't forget it , you admire its conception and are able to resolve some of the confusions you had while watching it .
It haunts , horrifies , startles and fascinates ; it is impossible to look away . Ah yes , and
It haunts , horrifies , startles and fascinates ; it is impossible to look away . Ah yes , and then
is a pan-American movie , with moments of genuine insight into the urban heart .
is a phenomenal band with such an engrossing story that will capture the minds and hearts of many
is a pan-American movie , with moments of genuine insight into the urban heart
emotionally intense
emotionally strong and politically potent
genuine wit
emotionally strong and
boldness and
boasts a huge charm factor and
genuinely cool
the first computer-generated feature cartoon to feel like other movies
genuinely funny moments
master 's
master class
mass-market entertainment
masterful piece
The movie 's seams may show ... but Pellington gives `` Mothman '' an irresistibly uncanny ambience that goes a long way toward keeping the picture compelling
The movie 's messages are quite admirable ,
The movie 's messages are quite admirable
The movie 's accumulated force
youthful high spirits
yourself that it 's a '' true story '' and you 're likely to have one helluva time at the movies
your wildest fantasies about being a different kind of time traveler , while happily killing 94 minutes
the river
zealous nuttiness of its antagonists
listen to Marvin Gaye or the Supremes the same way again
link together to conquer all kinds of obstacles , whether they be of nature , of man or of one another
will undoubtedly enjoy it
will turn out
will turn out okay
have the courage to knock on that door
the heaving passion of Puccini 's famous love-jealousy
the heaving passion of Puccini 's famous love-jealousy - murder-suicide fandango with great cinematic innovation
the heat that ignites this gripping tale , and the humor and humanity that root it in feeling
bona-fide master
satisfying entertainment
satisfying and
jumps to the head of the class of women 's films that manage to avoid the ghetto of sentimental chick-flicks by treating female follies with a satirical style
smacks into something truly new .
smacks into something truly new
This is a good movie in spurts ,
This is a good movie in spurts
This is a great subject for a movie
This is a great subject for a movie , but
This is a great subject for a movie ,
small family
apparent joy
R . Abrams
a movie full of grace
satisfies ,
satisfactory overview
burn out
as some kind of marriage of true minds
direction and especially charm
directed with sensitivity and skill by Dana Janklowicz-Mann
director Carl Franklin adds enough flourishes and freak-outs to make it entertaining
of '' the isle '' you 'll get a sock-you-in-the-eye flick that is a visual tour-de-force and a story that is unlike any
observant , often touching ...
observant , often touching
vividly and
vividly captures the way young Japanese live now , chafing against their culture 's manic mix of millennial brusqueness and undying , traditional politesse .
vividly detailed story about newcomers in a strange new world
The Wild Wild West
is in the mixture , the intoxicating masala , of cultures and film genres
is impossible to look away . Ah yes
is impressive
is impossible not to be awed by the power and grace of one of the greatest natural sportsmen of modern times
is impossible not to be awed by the power and grace of one of the greatest natural sportsmen of modern times .
is human comedy at its most amusing , interesting and confirming .
is human comedy at its most amusing , interesting and confirming
of the saddest films I have ever seen that still manages to be uplifting but not overly sentimental
of the sweet , gentle and occasionally cloying kind that has become an Iranian specialty
disagree
a memorable performance in a big , brassy , disturbing , unusual and highly successful film
a memorable performance
a matinee price
a master
richer in the bargain .
richer in the bargain
the sight of this grandiloquent quartet lolling in pretty Irish settings is a pleasant enough thing , ` tis
the silliness
the silliness of it all eventually prevail
the silver screen
the situation in a well-balanced fashion
entertainment adults can see without feeling embarrassed
entertainment that parents love to have their kids
entertainingly nasty
enthrall the whole family
enthralling documentary
enthrall
enthusiasm ,
enthusiasm , sensuality and a conniving wit
right amount
last 15 years
larger than life
largely by a comically adept ensemble
, it succeeds .
, it tells a story whose restatement is validated by the changing composition of the nation .
, it offers hope
, it must be said that he is an imaginative filmmaker who can see the forest for the trees .
, it serves as a workable primer for the region 's recent history , and would make a terrific 10th-grade learning tool .
, it revigorates the mind to see a feature that concentrates on people , a project in which the script and characters hold sway .
conceivable
, clearly , great fun
, charming tale
, civility and compassion
, cocky energy , his passion and class consciousness ; we need his shticks
, comparable to the classic films of Jean Renoir
A movie just for Friday fans , critics be damned . If you already like this sort of thing , this is that sort of thing all over again .
this unique and entertaining twist on the classic whale 's tale
this unique and entertaining twist
this unhurried , low-key film that is so off-Hollywood that it seems positively French in its rhythms and resonance
this year 's very best pictures
this very compelling tale
this version is raised a few notches above kiddie fantasy pablum by Allen 's astringent wit .
thoroughly enjoyed themselves and
thoroughly enjoyed themselves
spectacular for Potter fans
lovely flakiness
loves a David and Goliath story
lovely and beautifully
lovely and lovable
lovefest
lovely and
A mostly believable , refreshingly low-key and quietly inspirational little sports
naughty fun
Though its rather routine script is loaded with familiar situations , the movie has a cinematic fluidity and sense of intelligence that makes it work more than it probably should .
Though it was made with careful attention to detail and is well-acted by James Spader and Maggie Gyllenhaal
A mischievous visual style and oodles of charm make ` Cherish ' a very good ( but not great ) movie .
Light-years ahead of paint-by-number American blockbusters like Pearl Harbor , at least artistically .
'll definitely want the T-shirt
'll certainly be keeping an eye out for his next project
the best and most mature comedy
of originality , cleverness or even visible effort
the best European directors
Saddled with an unwieldy cast of characters and angles , but the payoff is powerful and revelatory
Blessed with a searing lead performance by Ryan Gosling ( Murder by Numbers ) , the movie is powerful and provocative .
Blessed with a searing lead performance by Ryan Gosling ( Murder by Numbers )
the benefit of being able to give full performances
well-directed and , for all its moodiness , not too
At first , the sight of a blind man directing a film is hilarious ,
At first , the sight of a blind man directing a film is hilarious
tries to immerse us in a world of artistic abandon and political madness and very nearly
n't transform Caviezel into a movie star
n't work
nail-biting
nail-biting suspense
nail-biting thriller
is a director to watch .
been an exhilarating exploration of an odd love triangle
tricky and satisfying
popcorn movie fun
by following a feel-good formula with a winning style , and by offering its target audience of urban kids
by all means
by a cast that seems to include every top-notch British actor who did not appear in Gosford Park ( as well as one , Ms. Mirren , who did )
But fans should have fun meeting a brand-new Pokemon called Celebi .
This deeply spiritual film taps into the meaning and consolation in afterlife communications .
This cinema verite speculation on the assassination of John F. Kennedy may have been inspired by Blair Witch , but it takes its techniques into such fresh territory that the film never feels derivative .
This cinema verite speculation on the assassination of John F. Kennedy may have been inspired by Blair Witch , but it takes its techniques into such fresh territory that the film never feels derivative
a truly wonderful tale
M . Night Shyamalan
with a sharp script and strong performances
with a serious minded patience , respect and affection
to be caught in a heady whirl of New Age-inspired good intentions
to be called any kind of masterpiece . It is , however , a completely honest , open-hearted
to be both hugely entertaining and uplifting .
to be both hugely entertaining and uplifting
to be as naturally charming as it needs to be
still manages to build to a terrifying , if obvious , conclusion
skin-deep
recalls the Cary Grant of Room
recalling sixties ' rockumentary milestones from Lonely Boy to Do n't Look Back .
recalling sixties ' rockumentary milestones from Lonely Boy to
recalls the Cary Grant of Room for One More , Houseboat and Father Goose in its affectionate depiction of the gentle war between a reluctant , irresponsible man and the kid who latches onto him
Is it something any true film addict will want to check out
even more reassuring
even more reassuring is how its makers actually seem to understand what made Allen 's romantic comedies so pertinent and enduring
Devotees of Star Trek II : The Wrath of Khan will feel a nagging sense of deja vu , and
even more remarkable
's no getting around the fact that this is Revenge Of The Nerds Revisited -- again .
's nice
's nice to see Piscopo again after all these years
's no denying that Burns is a filmmaker with a bright future ahead of him
's no denying that Burns is a filmmaker with a bright future ahead of him .
's no doubting that this is a highly ambitious and personal project for Egoyan
the works of an artist
the book 's irreverent energy ,
uplifting '
in conveying its social message
in creating an emotionally complex , dramatically satisfying heroine
the marvelous first 101 minutes have to be combined with the misconceived final 5
the best advice
the best actors , directors and producers
the best actors , directors and
the best actors , directors
the best actors ,
the best efforts of director Joe Carnahan
the marvelous first 101 minutes
the material seem genuine rather than pandering
have ( and probably should have ) been a lighthearted comedy .
the heat that ignites this gripping tale , and
on top
on this screenplay
the masterful British actor Ian Holm
the massive waves that lifts Blue Crush into one of the summer 's most pleasurable movies
Tsai convincingly paints a specifically urban sense of disassociation here .
Tsai 's usual style and themes
is the kind of movie that used to be right at home at the Saturday matinee
is that it never loses touch with the reality of the grim situation
a gleefully grungy
is that it pulls us into its world , gives us a hero whose suffering and triumphs we can share , surrounds him with interesting characters and sends us out of the theater feeling
a genuine dramatic impact
a genuinely bone-chilling tale
a genre gem
a genuine and singular artist
his own infinite insecurity is a work of outstanding originality
his penchant for tearing up on cue -- things that seem so real in small doses
his penchant for tearing up on cue --
carry the film on his admittedly broad shoulders
an intriguing bit
an intimate feeling , a saga of the ups and downs of friendships
that would make this a moving experience for people who have n't read the book
an intimate feeling ,
an intimate feeling
an intimacy that sucks you in and dares you not to believe it
of more recent successes such
of most convincing emotional gravity from a scene where Santa gives gifts to grownups
of moviegoers for real characters and compelling plots
of my greatest pictures , Drunken Master
an interesting topic
treads where few american films dare to delve
treads where few american films dare to delve --
treasure
treat
in its characterizations
in its final surprising shots
have required genuine acting from Ms . Spears
have set new standards for thrills , suspense ,
excellence
excellent Latin actors
excellent 90-minute film
excellent cast
excellent Latin actors of all ages
excellent storytelling
excellent choice
excels in spectacle and pacing .
excels in spectacle and pacing
, it finds a new way to surprise and amuse .
, it 's significant without being overstated .
, it 's also extremely effective .
, it 's a nice departure from standard moviegoing fare .
, it finds humor in the foibles of human behavior , and it 's a welcome return to the roots of a genre that should depend on surprises .
, it finds humor in the foibles of human behavior ,
, it would be a page-turner
, artfully crafted meditation on mortality .
sensational
sell us on this twisted love story
proving that he 's now , more than ever , choosing his roles with the precision of the insurance actuary
providing deep emotional motivation for each and every one of Abagnale 's antics
providing deep emotional motivation
provides the drama that gives added clout to this doc
provides the drama that gives added clout to this doc .
provides no easy answers , but offers a compelling investigation of faith versus intellect
its inscrutable mysteries
its intermittent unease , reaffirming that long-held illusions are indeed reality , and that erasing them recasts the self
its magic
its magic in other parts of the world
, and yet it has been made with great evident care and manages to deliver up the man in a way to arouse further curiosity in even the most unknowing viewer .
his martial artistry
his most sparkling
his most vital work
his most vital work since GoodFellas
seems timely and important .
are in perfect balance .
are in perfect balance
are insightful enough to be fondly remembered in the endlessly challenging maze of moviegoing
are interesting and often very creatively constructed from figure to backstory
are moments it captures the erotics of intimacy in a way that makes most American love stories look downright unfree
are more likely to remember the haunting images than the plot holes .
vulgar comedy that 's definitely an acquired taste
are incredibly beautiful to look at
camera movements
is light and fun
is itself Intacto 's luckiest stroke
so much funny as aggressively sitcom-cute
is marvelous
the best and most exciting movies
the best actor
nonetheless -- and likely inadvertently -- a timely and invaluable implicit reminder of the role that U . S .
A moving and stark reminder that the casualties of war reach much further than we imagine .
A moving , if uneven , success .
A moving and important film
A moving and important film .
A moving and stark reminder
A movie that will thrill you , touch you and make you laugh as well .
A movie that will wear you out and make you misty even when you do n't
A moving , if uneven , success
starts off as a wild hoot and
starts to become good
stays with you
The movie is ... very funny as you peek at it through the fingers in front of your eyes .
the sensational
the series you 'll love it and probably want to see it twice
the second is small change . But
the second is small change . But it still jingles in the pocket .
the series you 'll love it and probably want to see it twice .
you 've endured a long workout without your pulse ever racing
the film does n't ignore the more problematic aspects of Brown 's life .
pushes all the demographically appropriate comic buttons
pushes all the demographically appropriate comic buttons .
some success
as best actress
The film has ( its ) moments , but
Some of it is clever ,
Some of it is clever , but
Some of it is clever
Some motion pictures portray ultimate passion ; others create ultimate thrills
Everyone connected to this movie
Evil is interesting and good
Exactly what it claims to be
Constantly touching , surprisingly funny , semi-surrealist exploration of the creative act .
Constantly touching , surprisingly funny ,
Constantly touching , surprisingly funny
Constantly touching ,
Constantly touching
With a large cast representing a broad cross-section , Tavernier 's film bounds along with the rat-a-tat energy of '' His Girl Friday , '' maintaining a light touch while tackling serious themes .
liked the movie
liked it much better
well-directed
is downright movie penance
Maybe he was reading the minds of the audience .
fascinating , intelligent manner
the intrigue of academic skullduggery and politics
provide an intense experience when splashed across the immense IMAX screen
is credible and remarkably mature
are fun
will find millions of eager fans .
will find that The Road to Perdition leads to a satisfying destination
will earn her share of the holiday box office pie , although this movie makes one thing perfectly clear
CGI effects
will find that The Road to Perdition leads to a satisfying destination .
authentically impulsive humor
authentically
But it still jingles in the pocket .
But it is entertaining on an inferior level .
But it does somehow manage to get you under its spell .
But it will just as likely make you weep , and it will do so in a way that does n't make you feel like a sucker .
the feat with aplomb
on a pedestal
on a potentially interesting idea
the battery
, passionate
a showcase
a significant character study
a showcase for Sandler 's many talents
a set of evidence as you 'll ever find of why art matters , and how it can resonate far beyond museum walls and through to the most painfully marginal lives
a shield
a shambling charm
a simple and heart-warming story
a significant character study that is both moving and wise
A tender and touching drama ,
Christmas spirit
so engagingly
summer audience
A splendid entertainment , young in spirit but accomplished in all aspects with the fullness of spirit and sense of ease that comes only with experience
A splendid entertainment , young in spirit but accomplished in all aspects with the fullness of spirit and sense
a visual tour-de-force
a visual tour-de-force and
took chances and
to listen to new sides of a previous reality ,
committed to film
commercialism all in the same movie ... without neglecting character development for even one minute
a brilliant movie .
a brilliant movie . It is about irrational , unexplainable life and
a brilliant movie . It is about irrational , unexplainable life and it seems so real because it does not attempt to filter out the complexity
a brutal 90-minute battle sequence
a brutal 90-minute battle sequence that does everything but issue you a dog-tag and an M-16
, and a perfect example of how art -- when done right -- can help heal ,
, and enough beauty to make it unforgettable
, and comfort
, and intense
, and introduces some intriguing ambiguity
shows a remarkable gift for storytelling
with most intelligent viewers
gadgets
funny yet dark
furiously funny pace
future-world
future-world holographic librarian ( Orlando Jones ) who knows everything and answers all questions , is visually smart , cleverly written , and nicely realized
of emotional resonance
of earnest textbook psychologizing
sexy , funny and touching .
of empathy for its characters
about friendship , love , and the truth
about friendship , love , memory , trust and loyalty
showcases Tom Hanks as a depression era hit-man in this dark tale of revenge .
about a mysterious creature with psychic abilities
about discovering your destination in life
about equal amounts of naiveté , passion and talent
entertained
entertained as well
enough twists in the tale to make it far more satisfying than almost any horror film in recent memory
entertaining and informative
entertaining
entertaining and
entertaining enough ,
Though intrepid in exploring an attraction that crosses sexual identity , Ozpetek falls short in showing us Antonia 's true emotions ...
Though filmed partly in Canada , Paid in Full has clever ways of capturing inner-city life during the Reagan years .
Though intrepid in exploring an attraction that crosses sexual identity
Though a touch too Arthouse 101 in its poetic symbolism , Heaven proves to be a good match of the sensibilities of two directors .
hours of material to discuss
Though intrepid in exploring an attraction that crosses sexual identity , Ozpetek falls short in showing us Antonia 's true emotions ... But at the very least , His Secret Life will leave you thinking
sexy intrigue
has hugely imaginative and successful casting to its great credit , as well as one terrific score and attitude to spare .
has hugely imaginative and successful casting to its great credit , as well as one terrific score and attitude to spare
has improved upon the first and taken it a step further , richer and deeper
has in Kieran Culkin a pitch-perfect Holden .
It has the right approach and the right opening premise
show-stoppingly hilarious , but
one would be hard-pressed to find a movie with a bigger , fatter heart than Barbershop .
Recoing 's fantastic performance
random and
rancorous curiosity
the incredible IMAX sound system lets you feel the beat down to your toes
highly watchable
highly watchable , giggly little story
highly professional film
highly professional film that 's old-fashioned in all the best possible ways
that makes it worth checking out at theaters
that makes the banger sisters a fascinating character study with laughs to spare
very very strong
very very strong `` B +
very pretty
vibrant whirlwind
that Caruso takes an atypically hypnotic approach to a world that 's often handled in fast-edit , hopped-up fashion
that Cal works out his issues with his dad and comes to terms with his picture-perfect life
marked an emerging Indian American cinema
this Nicholas Nickleby finds itself in reduced circumstances -- and , also like its hero , it remains brightly optimistic , coming through in the end
monster\/science fiction flicks
is a film well worth seeing , talking and singing heads and all .
for the way it documents a culture in the throes of rapid change
farcically bawdy fantasy
fascinating , compelling story
even-flowing tone
Filmmakers Dana Janklowicz-Mann and Amir Mann area headed east , Far East , in retelling a historically significant , and personal , episode detailing how one international city welcomed tens of thousands of German Jewish refugees while the world 's democracie
Filmmaker Tian Zhuangzhuang triumphantly returns to narrative filmmaking with a visually masterful work of quiet power .
any number of fascinating issues
that it brings tears to your eyes
that it 's hard to resist his pleas to spare wildlife and respect their environs
Perhaps the best sports movie I 've ever seen .
a well-intentioned remake
a well-acted television melodrama
her face and her body language to bring us Morvern 's soul
her pure fantasy character ,
her pure fantasy character
world cinema 's most wondrously gifted artists
works superbly here
works its way underneath the skin like few movies
portrayed with quiet fastidiousness by Per Christian Ellefsen
take huge risks to ponder the whole notion of passion
take his smooth , shrewd , powerful act abroad
take notice
take movies by storm
recipe , inspiring
inexplicably strange
Bond-inspired ? Certainly .
Bond thriller
Bond-inspired
Both Garcia and Jagger turn in perfectly executed and wonderfully sympathetic characters , who are alternately touching and funny .
generate enough heat
ultimate Scorsese film
is perfect
is perfect casting for the role
Skins has a desolate air , but Eyre , a Native American raised by white parents , manages to infuse the rocky path to sibling reconciliation with flashes of warmth and gentle humor .
Skins has a desolate air , but Eyre , a Native American raised by white parents , manages to infuse the rocky path to sibling reconciliation with flashes of warmth and gentle humor
Skin of Man , Heart of Beast feels unusually assured .
Skins ' ) faults are easy to forgive because the intentions are lofty
more interesting , less symmetrical
Never Again is a welcome and heartwarming addition to the romantic comedy genre .
Nettelbeck ... has a pleasing way with a metaphor .
Sound the trumpets
Sometimes , nothing satisfies like old-fashioned swashbuckling . And in this regard , On Guard delivers .
Some movies are like a tasty hors-d'oeuvre
Some movies are like a tasty hors-d'oeuvre ; this one is a feast .
mostly intelligent , engrossing and
At least it 's a fairly impressive debut from the director , Charles Stone III .
At every opportunity to do something clever
than enough
typically observant , carefully nuanced and intimate French coming-of-age film that is an encouraging debut feature but has a needlessly downbeat ending that
, and challenges its audience
, and both leads are up to the task .
, and certain individuals ' tendency to let it all hang out
, and finely directed
, and gets fine performances from his two leads who originated the characters on stage
, and even if it 's nonsense , its claws dig surprisingly deep .
, and has managed elements such as sound and cinematography with skill
, and he ca n't help throwing in a few of his own touches .
watching as it develops
Flashy gadgets and whirling fight sequences may look cool
A worthy addition to the cinematic canon , which , at last count , numbered 52 different versions
A wildly erratic drama with sequences that make you wince in embarrassment and others , thanks to the actors , that are quite touching .
A worthy addition to the cinematic canon , which , at last count , numbered 52 different versions .
writing exercise
writings to perform
Sweet gentle Jesus
Home
Home Alabama
Hong Kong films
Hollywood too rarely provides
are , with the drumming routines , among the film 's saving graces
are ...
are , with the drumming routines , among the film 's saving graces .
are ... impeccable throughout .
are ... impeccable throughout
are a couple of things that elevate '' Glory '' above most of its ilk , most notably the mere presence of Duvall .
are a couple of things that elevate '' Glory '' above most of its ilk , most notably the mere presence of Duvall
to perfection with some tasty boogaloo beats
the visuals and eccentricities of many of the characters
most magical and
the film falls into a soothing formula of brotherly conflict and reconciliation .
the film is a fuzzy huggy .
Demonstrates a vivid imagination and an impressive style
Demonstrates a vivid imagination and an impressive style that result in some terrific setpieces
Demonstrates a vivid imagination and an impressive style that result in some terrific setpieces .
Dense and thoughtful and brimming
Denver should not get the first and last look at one of the most triumphant performances of Vanessa Redgrave 's career . It deserves to be seen everywhere .
The acting is just fine
The acting is just fine ,
Intriguing
If you liked such movies as Notting Hill , Four Weddings And A Funeral , Bridget Jones ' Diary or High Fidelity , then you wo n't want to miss About A Boy .
If you 're like me , a sucker for a good old fashion romance and someone who shamelessly loves to eat , then Mostly Martha offers all the perfect ingredients to more than satisfy your appetite .
soul-searching
too impressed
realize intuitively
for those with whom it will connect
kids will go happily along for the ride .
know if it 's possible to make a narrative film about September 11th , though I 'm sure some will try
the film ( at 80 minutes ) is actually quite entertaining .
to interesting cinematic devices ( cool visual backmasking ) , a solid cast , and some wickedly sick and twisted humor
, as if it were an extended short , albeit one made by the smartest kids in class .
Clean and
City by the Sea is a gritty police thriller with all the dysfunctional family dynamics one could wish for .
City by the Sea is a gritty police thriller with all the dysfunctional family dynamics one could wish for . But
from either the book or the beloved film
from dazzling cinematography
were simply
from dark satire
manages to entertain on a guilty-pleasure , so-bad-it 's - funny level
he can be forgiven for frequently pandering to fans of the gross-out comedy
their earnestness
gets the details right , from its promenade of barely clad bodies in Myrtle Beach , S.C. , to the adrenaline jolt of a sudden lunch rush at the diner
gets the details right , from its promenade of barely clad bodies in Myrtle Beach , S.C. , to the adrenaline jolt of a sudden lunch rush at the diner .
a more than satisfactory amount of carnage
a mostly magnificent directorial career ,
a mostly magnificent directorial career , Clint Eastwood 's efficiently minimalist style
a movie is more than a movie .
a moody , multi-dimensional love story and sci-fi mystery , solaris
a moody , multi-dimensional love story and sci-fi mystery ,
a moody , multi-dimensional love story and sci-fi mystery , solaris is a thought-provoking , haunting film that allows the seeds of the imagination to germinate .
a moody , multi-dimensional love story and sci-fi mystery , solaris is a thought-provoking , haunting film that allows the seeds of the imagination to germinate
a new hal
nuanced look
nuanced performance
favored by many directors of the Iranian new wave
favored by many directors of the Iranian new wave .
favorably
favorably compared to Das Boot
favor of gags that rely on the strength of their own cleverness
The AAA of action , XXX is a blast of adrenalin , rated EEE for excitement . And
The AAA of action , XXX is a blast of adrenalin , rated EEE for excitement .
The AAA of action
be moved by this drama
be moved to the edge of their seats by the dynamic first act
be more accurate to say that I found it intriguing , bizarre , Dogma-like in spots - and quite truthful , in its way
the first half of Sorority Boys
this frankly fantastical by-the-numbers b-flick
polished and vastly entertaining caper
polished and vastly entertaining
the front ranks of China 's now numerous , world-renowned filmmakers
their children
theater feeling
terribly charismatic , qualities essential to both movie stars and social anarchists
tenderness
I 'll buy the Criterion DVD .
feels uncomfortably real
is smarter and subtler than ( Total Recall and Blade Runner ) ,
is smart and entirely charming in intent and execution
is smart and entirely charming in intent and execution .
action-filled crime story
action-filled
fine backdrop
on Philip K . Dick stories
really slick .
really really high notes
really slick . The voices are fine as well . The problem
idea is '' new ''
the high standards of performance
its cautionary message
addictive guilty pleasure
addictive
see a three-dimensional , average , middle-aged woman 's experience of self-discovery handled with such sensitivity
addresses interesting matters of identity and heritage
pure comedy
The 3-D vistas from orbit
pulled ( literally and figuratively ) by desire
provocatuers Testud and Parmentier give superlative performances
been better than the fiction
both a successful adaptation and an enjoyable film in its own right
Sandler 's many talents
Sandler
San Francisco 's most vital , if least widely recognized , creative fountainheads
Sam Mendes
Sam Jones became a very lucky filmmaker the day Wilco got dropped from their record label , proving that one man 's ruin may be another 's fortune .
Sam Jones became a very lucky filmmaker the day
powerfully evocative
, good cinematography .
, good dialogue
powerful entity
powerful people
powerful success
the fizz of a Busby Berkeley musical and the visceral excitement of a sports extravaganza
is a quirky and poignant Japanese film that explores the fascinating connections between women , water , nature , and sexuality .
provide a mix of smiles and tears ,
an original talent
an odd amalgam of comedy genres , existing somewhere between the often literal riffs of early Zucker Brothers\/Abrahams films , and
the film 's strength
provide a mix of smiles and tears , '' Crossroads ''
the film 's conclusion powerful and satisfying
the film 's images give a backbone to the company and provide an emotional edge to its ultimate demise .
a majestic achievement , an epic of astonishing grandeur
( Solondz 's ) cool compassion
, Sorvino glides gracefully from male persona to female without missing a beat . Ben Kingsley is truly funny , playing a kind of Ghandi gone bad .
, Stuart Little 2 manages sweetness largely without stickiness .
, Talk to Her is a cinephile 's feast , an invitation to countless interpretations .
, Sylvie Testud is icily brilliant .
... an otherwise intense , twist-and-turn thriller that certainly should n't hurt talented young Gaghan 's resume .
... an inviting piece of film .
... ambition is in short supply in the cinema , and Egoyan tackles his themes and explores his characters ' crises with seriousness and compassion .
... a story we have n't seen on the big screen before , and it 's a story that we as Americans , and human beings , should know .
... and gradually grows into something of considerable power
vicarious voyage
viewers willing to take a chance
very welcome wit
that this is a serious work by an important director who has something new to say about how , in the flip-flop of courtship , we often reel in when we should be playing out
sympathizing
that this is one summer film that satisfies
very imaginative ,
very funny
very funny movie
The characters are interesting and the relationship between Yosuke and Saeko is worth watching as it develops
The characters are interesting and the relationship between Yosuke and Saeko is worth watching as it develops ,
was a good , straightforward tale
a compelling portrait
a compelling portrait of moral emptiness
a compelling or comprehensible narrative
a compelling plot
a compelling journey ... and '' His Best Friend Remembers ''
a compelling journey ... and '' His Best Friend Remembers '' is up there with the finest of specials .
a community striving to anchor itself in new grounds
a compelling journey
of the charm of Satin Rouge
a compelling slice
a compelling slice of awkward emotions
The characters are interesting and
I thought was rather clever .
something rare and riveting : a wild ride that relies on more than special effects
( Broomfield ) uncovers a story powerful enough to leave the screen sizzling with intrigue .
( Broomfield )
( Binoche and Magimel ) are being charming or angst-ridden
( Attal and Gainsbourg 's ) unfamiliar personas give the film an intimate and quaint reality that is a little closer to human nature than what Hollywood typically concocts
( An ) hilarious romantic comedy .
( D ) oes n't bother being as cloying or preachy as equivalent evangelical Christian movies
doing them good
does well
does possess a loose , lackadaisical charm
does such a fine job of engulfing you in its world and allying you with its characters ' choices , good and ill , that its shortcomings are remembered only as an afterthought .
does such a fine job of engulfing you in its world and allying you with its characters ' choices , good and ill , that its shortcomings are remembered only as an afterthought
a strength of a documentary to disregard available bias
a strength
moving film that respects its audience and its source material
moving film that respects its audience and its source material .
moving as Monsoon Wedding
moving film
a strange urge to get on a board and , uh , shred , dude
a strangely tempting bouquet of a movie
a strangely tempting bouquet
( An ) absorbing documentary
( Allen 's ) best works understand why snobbery is a better satiric target than middle-America diversions could ever be .
( An ) absorbing documentary .
could love Safe Conduct ( Laissez Passer ) for being a subtitled French movie that is 170 minutes long
could have turned this into an Argentine retread of '' Iris '' or '' American Beauty , '' but instead pulls a little from each film and creates something more beautiful than either of those films .
could have turned this into an Argentine retread of '' Iris '' or '' American Beauty , '' but instead pulls a little from each film and creates something more beautiful than either of those films
could n't be more timely in its despairing vision of corruption within the Catholic establishment
could make a person who has lived her life half-asleep suddenly wake up and take notice
who will be delighted simply to spend more time with familiar cartoon characters
it has a bigger-name cast
it has its moments
barry as the ` assassin ' greatly enhances the quality of neil burger 's impressive fake documentary
bared his soul and
to overcome my resistance
justifying the hype that surrounded its debut at the Sundance Film Festival
justify the build-up
passably
regret and , ultimately , finding redemption
as far as mainstream matinee-style entertainment goes , it does a bang-up job of pleasing the crowds
the phenomenal , water-born cinematography by David Hennings
the period 's volatile romantic lives
to be an intelligent film about young women
to be an epic
unmistakable and hard to resist
unpretentious , sociologically pointed
unpretentious , sociologically pointed slice
unquestionably alive
to be an effectively chilling guilty pleasure
the jokes ,
along with his sister , Sofia , is a real filmmaker .
beautiful ,
beautiful , entertaining two hours
be very possible for a reasonably intelligent person
be used as analgesic balm for overstimulated minds
beat and supercharged cartoon warfare .
beat that you can dance to
Clint Eastwood 's Blood Work is a lot like a well-made PB & J sandwich : familiar , fairly uneventful and boasting no real surprises -- but still quite tasty and inviting all the same .
There are moments in this account of the life of artist Frida Kahlo that are among cinema 's finest this year .
There are n't many conclusive answers in the film , but there is an interesting story of pointed personalities , courage , tragedy and the little guys vs. the big guys
There are n't many conclusive answers in the film , but there is an interesting story of pointed personalities , courage , tragedy and the little guys vs. the big guys .
There 's plenty to impress about E.T.
There 's something auspicious , and daring , too , about the artistic instinct that pushes a majority-oriented director like Steven Spielberg to follow A.I. with this challenging report so liable to unnerve the majority .
There are a couple of things that elevate `` Glory '' above most of its ilk , most notably the mere presence of Duvall .
There are n't too many films that can be as simultaneously funny , offbeat and heartwarming ( without a thick shmear of the goo , at least )
There are n't too many films that can be as simultaneously funny , offbeat and heartwarming ( without a thick shmear of the goo , at least ) ,
highest power
highly entertaining , self-aggrandizing , politically motivated documentary-making
highly entertaining , self-aggrandizing , politically motivated
will engage anyone with a passing interest in the skate\/surf culture
will enjoy this sometimes wry adaptation of V.S. Naipaul 's novel
will enjoy themselves .
be sincere
be sleekly shot , expertly cast , paced with crisp professionalism
describe it is as a cross between Paul Thomas Anderson 's Magnolia and David Lynch 's Mulholland Dr.
offers much colorful eye candy , including the spectacle of Gere in his dancing shoes , hoofing and crooning with the best of them
offers much colorful eye candy , including the spectacle of Gere in his dancing shoes , hoofing and crooning with the best of them .
offers an exploration that is more accurate than anything I have seen in an American film
offers an exploration that is more accurate than anything I have seen in an American film .
offers a trenchant critique of capitalism
offers hope
Mr. Wollter and Ms. Seldhal give strong and convincing performances , but neither reaches into the deepest recesses of the character to unearth the quaking essence of passion , grief and fear
Mr. Wollter and Ms. Seldhal give strong and convincing performances , but
Mr. Wedge and Mr. Saldanha handle the mix of verbal jokes and slapstick well .
Mr. Wollter and Ms. Seldhal give strong and convincing performances ,
Mr. Wollter and Ms. Seldhal give strong and convincing performances
have been one of the more daring and surprising American movies of the year
worthy tribute
the gamble is worth the promise
emotional intimacy
oddly colorful
oddly colorful and
odd but ultimately satisfying blend
odd but ultimately satisfying
oddly compelling
take heart
should give `` Scratch '' a second look .
should definitely get top billing
should come with the warning `` For serious film buffs only ! ''
A splendid entertainment ,
to have saved the film is with the aid of those wisecracking Mystery Science Theater 3000 guys
how much it 's not just another connect-the-dots , spy-on-the-run picture
humble
humble effort
humor and touching nostalgia
a passable date film
The Wild Thornberrys Movie makes for a surprisingly cinematic experience .
The Wild Thornberrys Movie is a jolly surprise .
The Wild Thornberrys Movie
of its attractive young leads
The Ya-Ya 's have many secrets and one is - the books are better . Translating complex characters from novels to the big screen is an impossible task but they are true to the essence of what it is to be Ya-Ya .
the Mood
it 's only a matter of time before he gets the upper hand in matters of the heart .
take it seriously
shine
and Johnny Dankworth 's best soundtrack in years
and Maggie Gyllenhaal is a delight .
and Margolo . Their computer-animated faces are very expressive
and Mick Jagger gives his best movie performance since , well , Performance .
can practically smell the patchouli oil
clutchy
emerges as another key contribution to the flowering of the South Korean cinema
infuses the film
infuses
informs
inexpressible
, managing to walk a fine line with regard to the question of Joan 's madness .
, making his first opera-to-film translation with Tosca ,
, major kudos go to Leigh for actually casting people who look working-class .
, made by bright and friendly souls with a lot of good cheer
, luminous yet careworn in Jane Hamilton 's exemplary costumes
, lots of in-jokes for the adults and heart enough for everyone
, lively company
to have fun with it
to go see this unique and entertaining twist on the classic whale 's tale
to have earned a 50-year friendship
Visually breathtaking , viscerally exciting , and dramatically moving , it 's the very definition of epic adventure .
Visually breathtaking
Viva le Resistance
big ending surprise
big , juicy role
consummate
consummate actor
Nation
National Lampoon 's Van Wilder may aim to be the next Animal House
outstanding about this film
overall it 's an entertaining and informative documentary .
a group of dedicated artists
a gritty police thriller with all the dysfunctional family dynamics one could wish for
these flicks are just that damn good . Is n't it great ?
these flicks are just that damn good .
has a cocky , after-hours loopiness to it .
has a bright , chipper style that keeps things moving , while never quite managing to connect her wish-fulfilling characters to the human race
Another in a long line of ultra-violent war movies , this one is not quite what it could have been as a film , but the story and theme make up for it
Another Day is as stimulating & heart-rate-raising as any James Bond thriller
Another Best of the Year selection
Another Best of the Year selection .
Another Best
animated epic
the delicious pulpiness
better than inconsequential
better than no Chekhov
better than
unexpectedly insightful
unexpectedly moving
Fontaine 's willingness to wander into the dark areas of parent-child relationships without flinching
unexpected ways , touching
Starts off witty and sophisticated and you want to love it --
its body humour and reinforcement
Starts out strongly
... ( Sex and Lucía ) makes for an arousing good time .
an admirable reconstruction of terrible events , and
an admirable reconstruction of terrible events , and a fitting
an admirably dark first script by Brent Hanley
an adorably whimsical comedy
an adorably whimsical comedy that deserves more than a passing twinkle
an adorably whimsical comedy that deserves more than a passing twinkle .
an adrenaline boost
twist-and-turn
twist-and-turn thriller
utterly delightful .
vintage Spielberg
's a story that we as Americans , and human beings , should know
the full assault of Reno 's immense wit and insight
almost wildly alive
The innocence of holiday cheer
The isolated moments of creative insanity
twists the best of technology around a gripping story ,
care too much about this love story
I honestly never knew what the hell was coming next
sympathy , hypocrisy and love
The sequel is everything the original was not :
so perfect
decent material
decent ` intro ' documentary
An Inuit masterpiece that will give you goosebumps as its uncanny tale of love , communal discord , and justice
virtual roller-coaster ride
based on CQ , I 'll certainly be keeping an eye out for his next project .
balanced , reflective and reasonable
seaside splendor
truly
smoothly
scope , ambition and accomplishment
warm invitation
sardonic , completely joyful
school friends
the movie is funny , smart , visually inventive , and most of all , alive .
( Director ) Byler may yet have a great movie in him ,
( Director ) Byler may yet have a great movie in him
ayatollah
enjoyable basic
enjoyable basic minimum
against the frozen winter landscapes of Grenoble and Geneva
Keener is marvelous
Keenly
some cute moments , funny scenes , and
Kaufmann 's '' Quills '' with more unsettlingly realistic results
some cute moments
some buoyant human moments
enjoyable one
someone understands the need for the bad boy
enjoyable performances
clever but veers
common with Piesiewicz 's and Kieslowski 's earlier work ,
comes only
competent but
compelling `
Strong setup
's never dull and always looks good .
's never dull and always looks good
's never too late to learn
was made with careful attention to detail and
stands out from the pack even if the picture itself is somewhat problematic .
's no accident that The Accidental Spy is a solid action pic that returns the martial arts master to top form
's no accident
's no accident that The Accidental Spy is a solid action pic that returns the martial arts master to top form .
hand in hand
handled correctly , wilde 's play is a masterpiece of elegant wit and artifice .
handled correctly , wilde 's play is a masterpiece of elegant wit and artifice . here
handled correctly , wilde 's play is a masterpiece of elegant wit and artifice
handled correctly , wilde 's play is a masterpiece of elegant wit and artifice . here ,
handled correctly , wilde 's play is a masterpiece of elegant wit and artifice . here , alas
is enticing and
is enticing and italy beckons us all
is enough secondary action to keep things moving along at a brisk , amusing pace
is enticing
is deeply concerned with morality
Too clever by about nine-tenths .
whom the
whom the name Woody Allen was once a guarantee of something fresh , sometimes funny , and usually genuinely worthwhile
As a vehicle to savour Binoche 's skill
should have been the ultimate IMAX trip
the vital action sequences
the visual panache , the comic touch ,
the visual panache , the comic touch , and
creativity at its peak
creativity
in a vibrant and intoxicating fashion
in a tasteful , intelligent manner
in a way that speaks forcefully enough about the mechanisms of poverty to transcend the rather simplistic filmmaking
Instead of hitting the audience over the head with a moral , Schrader relies on subtle ironies and visual devices to convey point of view .
otherwise appealing picture
Insomnia is one of the year 's best films and Pacino gives one of his most daring , and complicated , performances .
Insomnia is one of the year 's best films and Pacino gives one of his most daring , and complicated , performances
probably the most good-hearted yet sensual entertainment I 'm likely to see all year
probably the most good-hearted yet sensual entertainment
Insomnia is one of the year 's best films and
problem being that it 's only a peek
Insomnia is one of the year 's best films
Ryanovich
a refreshingly adult take on adultery
superior to its predecessor . A movie
faster and deeper
fast-moving and cheerfully simplistic
a remarkably solid and subtly satirical tour
well done
well edited so that it certainly does n't feel like a film that strays past the two and a half mark
well enough
well established
welcomed tens of thousands of German Jewish refugees
as intelligent , exuberant
The Clown '' , a much funnier film with a similar theme and an equally great Robin Williams performance
the opening scenes of a wintry New York City in 1899 . Cinematic poetry showcases the city 's old-world charm before machines change nearly everything
the end that extravagantly redeems it
the best kind : informative , revealing and richly entertaining
Perry 's good
Perry 's good and
Perhaps the film should be seen as a conversation starter . It 's not an easy one to review .
do a very good job conveying the issue at hand
this beautifully
superior to its predecessor . A movie that successfully crushes a best selling novel into a timeframe that mandates that you avoid the Godzilla sized soda
and cute
and credible characters
and creating mood
and contains some thrilling moments
enlivens
enlivens this film
enjoying the big-screen experience
enjoyment
enjoyed the thrill of the chill
enjoying himself immensely
enjoyed most of Mostly Martha while I ne
enjoyed the love story
enjoyed most of Mostly Martha
distinguishable
It 's touching and tender and proves that even in sorrow you can find humor . Like blended shades of lipstick , these components combine into one terrific story with lots of laughs .
It 's the type of stunt the Academy loves
It 's unlikely we 'll see a better thriller this year .
be of interest primarily to its target audience
The logic
The lead actors share no chemistry or engaging charisma . We do n't even like their characters .
a neat way
Highly recommended viewing for its courage , ideas , technical proficiency and great acting .
being this generation 's Animal House
make Metropolis worth seeing
peculiar and always entertaining
peculiar and always entertaining costume drama
pay the full ticket price to see '' Simone , '' and
transcends ethnic boundaries
tremendous performance
tremendous
all great films about a life you never knew existed
serves as a workable primer for the region 's recent history
the original could ever have hoped to be
shambling charm
, the troopers will entertain with their gross outs , bawdy comedy and head games .
A well-made , thoughtful , well-acted clunker , but
A well-made , thoughtful , well-acted clunker ,
A well-executed spy-thriller .
A well paced and satisfying little drama that deserved better than a ` direct-to-video ' release .
A well paced and satisfying little drama that deserved better than a ` direct-to-video ' release
A well paced and satisfying little drama
A weird little movie that 's amusing enough while you watch it , offering fine acting moments and pungent insights into modern L.A. 's show-biz and media subcultures .
no denying the talent of the creative forces behind it
nicely acted and beautifully shot and scored , the film works on several levels , openly questioning social mores while ensnaring the audience with its emotional pull .
nicely detailed world
nicely nuanced narrative
inconsistencies is part of the fun . But
inconsistencies is part of the fun .
incorporates so much
inconsistencies is part of the fun . But the talented cast alone will keep you watching
Lane shines
urgency and suspense
upstaged by an avalanche of more appealing holiday-season product
that the Star Trek tradition has been honored as best it can
filmmakers david weissman and bill weber benefit enormously from the cockettes ' camera craziness -- not only did they film performances
film buffs
Viva le Resistance !
with his effortless performance
with heart
-- blessedly curse-free --
love its fantasy and adventure
love is the great equalizer that can calm us of our daily ills and bring out joys in our lives that we never knew
love stories you will ever see .
love stories you will ever see
love the music
love that strikes a very resonant chord
love the opening scenes of a wintry New York City in 1899 . Cinematic poetry showcases the city 's old-world charm before machines change nearly everything .
a noble end
a nice
a noble
a nice album
I 'm almost recommending it , anyway
see this film
see this movie , even though everyone in my group extemporaneously shouted , ` Thank you ! '
Entirely suspenseful
Sara Sugarman 's whimsical comedy Very Annie-Mary
Sara Sugarman 's whimsical comedy
flat-out amusing , sometimes endearing and
Sara Sugarman 's whimsical comedy Very Annie-Mary but not enough
Sara Sugarman 's whimsical comedy Very Annie-Mary but not
flat-out amusing , sometimes endearing
with wry humor and genuine pathos , especially
surprisingly buoyant
flat-out amusing
the rolling of a stray barrel
without clobbering the audience over the head
without ever being self-important
an unexpectedly adamant streak
with such insight and celebratory verve
in one forum or another
in on the resourceful amnesiac
It 's often infuriatingly glib and posturing , and yet it has been made with great evident care and manages to deliver up the man in a way to arouse further curiosity in even the most unknowing viewer
It 's not exactly a gourmet meal but the fare is fair , even coming from the drive-thru
It 's not exactly a gourmet meal but
It 's fun ,
It 's endearing to hear Madame D . refer to her husband as ` Jackie ' -- and he does make for excellent company , not least as a self-conscious performer
gentle and affecting
gentle and affecting melodrama
gentle , mesmerizing
gentle , mesmerizing portrait
gentle , touching
gentle , touching story
genre-busting film
gentle , lapping
gentle , lapping rhythms
gentle , lapping rhythms of this film
the precision of the insurance actuary
the depth of these two literary figures , and even the times in which they lived
be , by its art and heart , a necessary one
based rage and sisterly obsession a razor-sided tuning fork that rings with cultural , sexual and social discord
batch
and friendly souls
be Burns 's strongest film since The Brothers McMullen
sexual jealousy , resentment and the fine
aspired
earnest debut
earnest and well-meaning , and so stocked with talent , that you almost forget the sheer ,
Cremaster 3 is at once a tough pill to swallow and a minor miracle of self-expression .
love it
lovable Siberian huskies
lovable
love for its posse of trailer park denizens
lovable Siberian huskies -LRB- plus one sheep dog -RRB-
lot to offer
loses its bite in a last-minute happy ending that 's even less plausible than the rest of the picture . Much of the way , though , this is a refreshingly novel ride .
, it 's a film that affirms the nourishing aspects of love and companionship .
, is wry and engrossing .
, it 's Kidman who holds the film together with a supremely kittenish performance that gradually accumulates more layers .
, is such high-wattage brainpower coupled with pitch-perfect acting and an exquisite , unfakable sense of cinema .
, is that it has none of the pushiness and decibel volume of most contemporary comedies .
, is still good fun .
expand a TV show
exists , and does so with an artistry that also smacks of revelation .
exists , and does so with an artistry that also smacks of revelation
existential exploration
exists ,
a satisfying complete picture of this particular , anciently demanding métier
a satisfying complete picture
The new Insomnia is a surprisingly faithful remake of its chilly predecessor , and when it does elect to head off in its own direction , it employs changes that fit it well rather than ones that were imposed for the sake of commercial sensibilities .
fleetingly interesting actors '
The new Insomnia is a surprisingly faithful remake of its chilly predecessor , and when it does elect to head off in its own direction , it employs changes that fit it well rather than ones that were imposed for the sake of commercial sensibilities
The observations of this social\/economic\/urban environment are canny and spiced with irony .
The obnoxious title character provides the drama that gives added clout to this doc .
The observations
the best movies of the year
seventy-minute running time
an exceptionally good idea
who has waited three years with breathless anticipation for a new hal hartley movie to pore over
hot
hoping ''
'' Brown Sugar '' admirably aspires to be more than another '' Best Man '' clone by weaving a theme throughout this funny film .
' swims away with the Sleeper Movie of the Summer award .
'' 13 Conversations About One Thing '' is an intelligent flick that examines many different ideas from happiness to guilt in an intriguing bit of storytelling .
'' American Beauty
'' A Walk to Remember '' succeeds through sincerity .
A funny and well-contructed black comedy where the old adage `` be careful what you wish for '' is given a full workout .
A funny film .
a little-remembered world
A fun ride .
A funny and well-contructed black comedy where the old adage `` be careful what you wish for ''
a level of young , Black manhood that is funny , touching , smart and complicated
A fine documentary can be distinguished from a mediocre one by the better film 's ability to make its subject interesting to those who are n't part of its supposed target audience .
viewing in university computer science departments for years to come
views youthful affluence not as a lost ideal but a starting point
quite fun
views youthful affluence not as a lost ideal but a starting point .
business plans
displays something more important :
busts out of its comfy little cell
The acting is fine
The acting in Pauline And Paulette is good all round , but what really sets the film apart is Debrauwer 's refusal to push the easy emotional buttons .
- I also wanted a little alien as a friend !
The action is reasonably well-done
The action is reasonably well-done ...
- West Coast rap wars , this modern mob music drama never fails to fascinate .
fun to watch .
as beautiful
as beautiful ,
as beautiful , desirable
precious than perspicacious
Often messy and frustrating , but very pleasing at its best moments
Offers the flash of rock videos fused with solid performances and eerie atmosphere .
Often messy and frustrating , but very pleasing at its best moments , it 's very much like life itself .
are scenes of cinematic perfection that steal your heart away .
are selling the old European candor , the old wink of ` bold ' revelation .
The irony is that this film 's cast is uniformly superb ; their performances could have -- should have -- been allowed to stand on their own .
runs through a remarkable amount of material in the film 's short 90 minutes
runs through Balzac and the Little Chinese Seamstress that transforms this story about love and culture into a cinematic poem .
in a sense of epic struggle -- inner and outer -- that 's all too rare in Hollywood 's hastier productions
in a spunky , spirited fashion
in a profound way , comparable to the classic films of Jean Renoir
in a long , long time
in a memorable ensemble piece
the best inside-show-biz
Enter
you misty even when you do n't
you need to see it
you might to resist , if you 've got a place in your heart for Smokey Robinson
you love the music , and I do
you may be surprised at the variety of tones in Spielberg 's work .
you may never again be able to look at a red felt Sharpie pen without disgust , a thrill , or the giggles .
purest form
purest and , yes , most intimidating form
purest and , yes , most intimidating
purest
pure , elliptical film
pumps a lot of energy into his nicely nuanced narrative and surrounds himself with a cast of quirky -- but not stereotyped -- street characters .
pumps a lot of energy into his nicely nuanced narrative and surrounds himself with a cast of quirky -- but not stereotyped -- street characters
pumps a lot of energy into his nicely nuanced narrative
its own breezy , distracted rhythms
$ 100 million on this
its originality
make Mel Brooks ' Borscht Belt schtick look sophisticated
nearly as good as any of its influences
major movie
the best film so far this year is a franchise sequel starring Wesley Snipes
life ,
sweet and wickedly satisfying at the same time
sweet film
sweet and wickedly satisfying
sweet and charming
sweet and charming way
sweating , mopping his face and generally displaying the wacky talent that brought him fame in the first place
swashbuckling classic
swashbuckling tale
is blood-curdling stuff
is beautiful filmmaking from one of French cinema 's master craftsmen .
is beautiful filmmaking from one of French cinema 's master craftsmen
is beautiful and mysterious
is blazingly alive and admirable on many levels .
is blazingly alive and admirable on many levels
is better than ` Shindler 's List '
into your heart
into this dream Hispanic role with a teeth-clenching gusto
into what is essentially a '' Dungeons and Dragons '' fantasy with modern military weaponry
, Standing in the Shadows of Motown is cultural history of the best kind : informative , revealing and richly entertaining .
something a little more special behind it
something a little more special behind it :
something a little more special behind it : music that did n't sell many records but helped change a nation
something cool
something , one that attempts and often achieves a level of connection and concern
new joys
never to tease , except gently and in that way that makes us consider our own eccentricities and how they are expressed through our homes
new grounds
This movie is to be cherished .
This movie got me grinning .
. It 's a testament to the film 's considerable charm that it succeeds in entertaining , despite playing out like a feature-length sitcom replete with stereotypical familial quandaries . There 's a sheer unbridled delight in the way the story unfurls ...
. It 's touching and tender and proves that even in sorrow you can find humor . Like blended shades of lipstick , these components combine into one terrific story with lots of laughs .
. It 's a testament to the film 's considerable charm that it succeeds in entertaining , despite playing out like a feature-length sitcom replete with stereotypical familial quandaries
the best date movie
nearly glows with enthusiasm , sensuality and a conniving wit
neat trick
It will delight newcomers to the story and those who know it from bygone days .
that linger like snapshots of memory
with flashes of warmth and gentle humor
with enough unexpected twists
with enthusiasm , sensuality and a conniving wit
with enough energy and excitement
with every painful nuance , unexpected flashes of dark comedy and the character 's gripping humanity
with extra butter
It 's usually a bad sign when directors abandon their scripts and go where the moment takes them , but Olympia , Wash. , based filmmakers Anne de Marcken and Marilyn Freeman did just that and it 's what makes their project so interesting
uses a magnificent landscape to create a feature film that is wickedly fun to watch
It 's touching and tender and proves that even in sorrow you can find humor .
It 's too harsh to work as a piece of storytelling , but as an intellectual exercise -- an unpleasant debate that 's been given the drive of a narrative and that 's been acted out -- The Believer is nothing less than a provocative piece of work .
The sentimental cliches mar an otherwise excellent film .
The second coming of Harry Potter is a film far superior to its predecessor .
` comedy ' scenes
` best part ' of the movie
gambol fluidly
depicts this relationship with economical grace , letting his superb actors convey Martin 's deterioration and Barbara 's sadness -- and , occasionally
perversely undercuts the joie de vivre even as he creates it , giving the movie a mournful undercurrent that places the good-time shenanigans in welcome perspective .
phenomenal band
's going to make a splash even greater than Arnold Schwarzenegger , Jean-Claud Van Damme or Steven Segal
's happiest surprise , a movie that deals with a real subject in an always surprising way
's exciting on the field and a story
's enough science to make it count as educational , and enough beauty to make it unforgettable .
's done with a lot of careful period attention as well as some very welcome wit
he allows a gawky actor like Spall -- who could too easily become comic relief in any other film -- to reveal his impressively delicate range
gender-war ideas original
he 's now , more than ever , choosing his roles with the precision of the insurance actuary
he brings together
elevated by it -- the kind of movie
of his rental car
of his reserved but existential poignancy
a terrific look
a terrific screenplay
a terrific screenplay and
a terrific screenplay and fanciful direction
a technically superb film ,
a technically superb film , shining with all the usual Spielberg flair , expertly utilizing the talents of his top-notch creative team
a terrible strength
a terrific climax
a testament of quiet endurance , of common concern ,
a testament of quiet endurance , of common concern , of reconciled survival
to its great credit
thinks it 's hilarious
the brilliant original
the brilliance of Jelinek 's novel
part Quentin Tarantino ,
potentially terrific
potentially terrific flick
potentially interesting subject
potentially interesting subject matter
potentially moving
tones and stupendous performances
tolerable diversion
told with such affecting grace and cultural specificity
hard to dismiss -- moody , thoughtful
happy to have seen it
happily glib and vicious as its characters
together with an engaging and warm performance
together they are magnificent
together in a sweet and charming way
's savvy about celebrity and has more guts and energy than much of what will open this year
's notably better acted -- and far less crass - than some other recent efforts in the burgeoning genre of films about black urban professionals
's notably better acted -- and far less crass -
's rare to find a film that dazzles the eye , challenges the brain , and satisfies our lust for fast-paced action
that allows americans to finally revel in its splendor
Poignant Japanese epic about adolescent anomie and heartbreak .
Very psychoanalytical -- provocatively so --
the female orgasm
still positive ,
checkout
mean it 's good enough for our girls
it were , well , more adventurous
This road movie gives you emotional whiplash , and you 'll be glad you went along for the ride
This is the kind of movie that used to be right at home at the Saturday matinee ,
`` Frailty '' has been written so well , that even a simple `` Goddammit ! ''
`` Frailty '' offers chills much like those that you get when sitting around a campfire around midnight , telling creepy stories to give each other the willies .
`` Frailty '' starts out like a typical Bible killer story , but it turns out to be significantly different ( and better ) than most films with this theme
such aching beauty and truth
it rousing , invigorating fun lacking any MTV puffery
it ponders the reasons we need stories so much .
susceptible to blue hilarity , step right up
susceptible to blue hilarity ,
suspect it might deliver again and again
it unforgettable
it wears its B-movie heritage like a badge of honor
, but solidly entertaining
, but one whose lessons are well worth revisiting as many times as possible
, but on the inspired performance of Tim Allen
, but with material this rich it does n't need it
, but thanks to the gorgeous locales and exceptional lead performances
, by the time the credits roll across the pat ending , a warm , fuzzy feeling prevails
excruciatingly
exercise in style and mystification
exercise in style and mystification .
Like many Western action films , this thriller is too loud and thoroughly overbearing , but its heartfelt concern about North Korea 's recent past and South Korea 's future adds a much needed moral weight .
intelligent , well-made B movie
made Allen 's romantic comedies so pertinent and enduring
my big fat greek wedding is that rare animal known as ' a perfect family film , ' because it 's about family
a mood that 's sustained through the surprisingly somber conclusion
must-see viewing for anyone involved in the high-tech industry . others may find it migraine-inducing , despite moore 's attempts at whimsy and spoon feeding
a middle-aged romance pairing Clayburgh and Tambor sounds promising
a middle-aged romance pairing Clayburgh and Tambor
a monster movie
well-defined sense
well-defined
well-intentioned effort
that deserves a chance to shine
that deserves to emerge from the traffic jam of holiday movies
that deserves recommendation
that deftly , gradually reveals a real human soul buried beneath a spellbinding serpent 's smirk .
that deftly , gradually reveals a real human soul buried beneath a spellbinding serpent 's smirk
that delivers on the promise of excitement
that delicate canon
that director M . Night Shyamalan can weave an eerie spell and
that director M . Night Shyamalan can weave an eerie spell
By applying definition to both sides of the man , the picture realizes a fullness that does not negate the subject .
Buy popcorn . Take nothing seriously and enjoy the ride .
Buy is an accomplished actress , and this is a big , juicy role .
Buy is an accomplished actress , and
Buy is an accomplished actress , and this is a big , juicy role
unintentionally
because you 're one of the lucky few who sought it out
( the film ) works
( than Leon )
Me If You Can is n't badly made
as much as it is for Angelique , the ( opening ) dance guarantees Karmen 's enthronement among the cinema 's memorable women .
eventual discovery
eventually gets around to its real emotional business , striking deep chords of sadness
eventually gets around to its real emotional business , striking deep chords of sadness .
a distinct rarity
a diss . Consider it ` perfection
a distinct rarity , and
, it is also elevated by it -- the kind of movie that you enjoy more because you 're one of the lucky few who sought it out .
13 Conversations may be a bit too enigmatic and overly ambitious to be fully successful , but Sprecher and her screenwriting partner and sister , Karen Sprecher , do n't seem ever to run out of ideas
It must be the end of the world : the best film so far this year is a franchise sequel starring Wesley Snipes
for originality . It does succeed by following a feel-good formula with a winning style
an indelible epic American story about two families , one black and one white , facing change in both their inner and outer lives
an indelible epic American story
an increasingly important film industry
, but at this level of manic whimsy , it is just about right .
, but also to show acting range that may surprise some who thought light-hearted comedy was his forte
, but as the film proves , that 's not always a bad thing .
, but The Bourne Identity proves that a fresh take is always possible .
, but Time Out is better . It 's haunting .
, but LaBute pulls off a neater trick in Possession
, but Sweet Home Alabama hits the mark with critics who escaped from a small town life .
Blessed with immense physical prowess
Black II , '' has all the earmarks of a sequel
Blessed with immense physical prowess he may well be ,
Blessed with immense physical prowess he may well be
who mourns her tragedies in private and embraces life in public
who proves that elegance is more than tattoo deep
who perfectly portrays the desperation of a very insecure man
who play their roles with vibrant charm
who really steals the show
Barker movie
` Best Picture '
, they go to a picture-perfect beach during sunset .
what to praise first
current innovators
zings along with vibrance and warmth
zings all the way through with originality , humour and pathos
zings all the way
zings along with vibrance and warmth .
zips along with B-movie verve while adding the rich details and go-for-broke acting that heralds something special .
zips along with B-movie verve while adding the rich details and go-for-broke acting that heralds something special
soaring out of the theater
the best same-sex romance
its hard to imagine having more fun watching a documentary ...
Alfred Hitchcock 's
Alexander Payne 's ode to the Everyman
Alarms for Duvall 's throbbing sincerity and his elderly propensity for patting people while he talks .
's not without style
's not without its pleasures
the best same-sex romance I have seen
are canny and spiced with irony
are complex , laden with plenty of baggage and tinged with tragic undertones
are canny and spiced with irony .
are believable as people
are breathtaking
real interest
is depressing , ruthlessly pained and depraved
The characters are interesting
With Notorious C . H . O . Cho proves she has the stuff to stand tall with Pryor , Carlin and Murphy .
With Brooms and what is kind of special
With Dickens ' words and writer-director Douglas McGrath 's even-toned direction
With Dickens ' words and writer-director Douglas McGrath 's even-toned direction , a ripping good yarn is told .
to my great pleasure ,
to mention absolutely refreshed .
like a powerful 1957 drama we 've somehow never seen before
to my great pleasure
soaringly , transparently moving
a beguiling freshness
a beautiful madness
a beautiful city viewed through the eyes of a character who , in spite of tragic loss and increasing decrepitude , knows in his bones that he is one of the luckiest men alive
a beautiful city
like a lazy summer afternoon
What Time Is It There ? should be seen at the very least for its spasms of absurdist humor
What a great way to spend 4 units of your day
less-is-more approach
What could have been a daytime soap opera is actually a compelling look at a young woman 's tragic odyssey .
What distinguishes Time of Favor from countless other thrillers
's compelling and heartfelt
's compelling and heartfelt --
's been made with an innocent yet fervid conviction that our Hollywood has all but lost
's better
's brilliant
's compelling anatomy of grief and the difficult process of adapting to loss .
Morton is , as usual , brilliant .
Moore 's performance impresses almost as much as her work with Haynes in 1995 's Safe .
Most impressive
Most impressive , though , is the film 's open-ended finale that refuses to entirely close its characters ' emotional wounds .
Carvey 's glory days
Carvey 's considerable talents
the film that surprises or delights
bring their characters to life
Catch it ... if you can
Catch it ... if you can !
apart is the vision that Taymor , the avant garde director of Broadway 's The Lion King and the film Titus , brings .
appealing couple
appealingly manic and energetic
frothy ` date movie ' ...
frustrates and captivates
frustrating yet deeply watchable melodrama
are to be embraced .
saucy and
the writing is tight and truthful , full of funny situations and honest observations
user-friendly
is too cool
is the vision that taymor , the avant garde director of broadway 's the lion king and the film titus , brings
The IMAX screen enhances the personal touch of manual animation .
The Hours represents two of those well spent
The Hours , a delicately crafted film , is an impressive achievement in spite of a river of sadness that pours into every frame .
The Komediant is a tale worth catching .
so sit back , relax and have a few
is it the Kahlo movie Frida fans have been looking for
so much a movie as a picture book for the big screen
so much passion
begins on a high note and sustains it beautifully
begins on a high note and sustains it beautifully .
begins on a high note
begins on a high note and
begins and ends with scenes so terrifying I 'm still stunned . And I 've decided to leave a light on every night from now on
begins and ends with scenes so terrifying I 'm still stunned . And I 've decided to leave a light on every night from now on .
well directed
well done and perfectly
well acted by Diane Lane and Richard Gere .
expect nothing less
expect any surprises
expectations . Good fun , good action
experience it
expectations . Good fun
expectations . Good fun ,
of the imagination to germinate
great love
of the summer award
great ensemble cast
great human truths
great eye
great .
great Broadway play
is the Danish idea of a good time
is the best description of this well-meaning , beautifully produced film that sacrifices its promise for a high-powered star pedigree
that kind of impact on me these days
that keep this nicely wound clock not just ticking , but humming
that keeps Dickens evergreen : the exuberant openness with which he expresses our most basic emotions
that keeps it from seeming predictably formulaic
that led to their notorious rise to infamy
An earnest racial-issues picture that might have gotten respectful critical praise in a different era
An earnest racial-issues picture
An eccentric little comic\/thriller
Starts out with tremendous promise ,
Stars Matthew Perry and Elizabeth Hurley illicit more than a chuckle , and more jokes land than crash , but
Starts as an intense political and psychological thriller
watching Huppert , a great actress tearing into a landmark role ,
truly in love with a girl
the film that makes it a suitable entry into the fest circuit
a popular destination for hungry tourists
a picture of a subculture that is at once exhilarating , silly , perverse , hopeful and always fun
a pleasure to enjoy their eccentricities
a pleasure to see Seinfeld griping about the biz with buddies Chris Rock , Garry Shandling and Colin Quinn
a plot full of twists upon knots
a plot that rivals Shakespeare for intrigue , treachery and murder
a popular destination
seen and debated with appropriate ferocity and thoughtfulness
definitely distinctive
definitely distinctive screen presence
defies classification
see an artist , still committed to growth in his ninth decade
is an engaging look at the controversial eponymous and fiercely atheistic hero .
's a ripper of a yarn and I for one enjoyed the thrill of the chill .
's a pretty good execution of a story that 's a lot richer than the ones Hollywood action screenwriters usually come up with on their own .
's a pretty good execution of a story that 's a lot richer than the ones Hollywood action screenwriters usually come up with on their own
's a powerful though flawed movie , guaranteed to put a lump in your throat while reaffirming Washington as possibly the best actor working in movies today .
's a powerful though flawed movie , guaranteed to put a lump in your throat while reaffirming Washington as possibly the best actor working in movies today
's a piece of handiwork that shows its indie tatters and self-conscious seams in places , but has some quietly moving moments and an intelligent subtlety .
's a piece of handiwork that shows its indie tatters and self-conscious seams in places , but has some quietly moving moments and an intelligent subtlety
's a perfectly acceptable widget
's a perfect show of respect to just one of those underrated professionals who deserve but rarely receive it .
's a perfect show of respect to just one of those underrated professionals who deserve but rarely receive it
the film shatters you in waves .
magical enough
so fascinating you wo n't be able to look away for a second
captures the way young Japanese live now , chafing against their culture 's manic mix of millennial brusqueness and undying , traditional politesse
so gracefully
so integrated with the story
so hot-blooded
women , water , nature , and sexuality
Hollywood , success , artistic integrity
Hollywood , success ,
Hollywood , success
Hollywood , success , artistic integrity and intellectual bankruptcy
Hollywood , success , artistic integrity and
for reverence and a little wit
Ben Affleck
Believes so fervently in humanity that it feels almost anachronistic , and it is too cute by half . But arriving at a particularly dark moment in history , it offers flickering reminders of the ties that bind us .
see an artist , still committed to growth in his ninth decade , change while remaining true to his principles
this stylish film
family-friendly fantasy
family-friendly comedy
family-friendly
family values
fanciful motion picture
fanciful film
Duvall 's
Duvall 's throbbing sincerity
Duvall 's throbbing sincerity and
Duvall 's throbbing sincerity and his elderly propensity for patting people while he talks
've got to love a Disney pic with as little cleavage as this one has , and a heroine as feisty and principled as Jane .
've got to love a Disney pic with as little cleavage as this one has , and a heroine as feisty and principled as Jane
've grown tired of going where no man has gone before , but several movies have - take heart .
neil burger 's impressive
, with its blend of frankness , civility and compassion
, with enough amusing banter -- blessedly curse-free -- to keep both kids and parents entertained
, wonderfully respectful of its past and thrilling enough to make it abundantly clear that this movie phenomenon has once again reinvented itself for a new generation
, witty follow-up .
, yes , but one with characters who think and talk about their goals , and are working on hard decisions .
wisely rejects the temptation to make fun of his subjects .
Formula 51 '' is somewhat entertaining
Formula 51 '' is somewhat entertaining , but
Formula 51 '' is somewhat entertaining ,
describe Ghost Ship
which is worth seeing
nutty , consistently funny .
nurtures the multi-layers of its characters , allowing us to remember that life 's ultimately a gamble and last orders are to be embraced
nubile young actors
wes craven 's presence is felt ;
every bit as distinctive as his visuals . Beyond the cleverness , the weirdness and the pristine camerawork
ever so gracefully
ever seen , constantly pulling the rug from underneath us , seeing things from new sides , plunging deeper , getting more intense
ever so gracefully --
ever-watchful
giving the movie a mournful undercurrent that places the good-time shenanigans in welcome perspective
turns out to be more interesting than any of the character dramas , which never reach satisfying conclusions
giving us much this time
who have carved their own comfortable niche in the world
who has n't lost a bit of the dry humor that first made audiences on both sides of the Atlantic love him
, absorbing film
, affecting and uniquely Almodóvar
, adored by the movie-going public
, amusing , laugh-filled little gem
, always fast and furious
The dark and bittersweet twist
clever and subtle
clever and very satisfying
clever , offbeat and even gritty enough
clever and cutting
clever and cutting , quick and dirty look
clever and funny
clears the cynicism right out of you
clever ,
clever , offbeat
clever , offbeat and
will be following after it
, they succeed
weak and strong
, they 'll be treated to an impressive and highly entertaining celebration of its sounds .
, this is a seriously intended movie that is not easily forgotten .
, this film is most transporting when it stays put in the past
turns out to be more interesting than any of the character dramas , which never reach satisfying conclusions .
, this Cinderella story does n't have a single surprise up its sleeve . But it does somehow manage to get you under its spell .
unconditional love and compassion garnered from years of seeing it all , a condition only the old are privy to , and ... often misconstrued as weakness
with the kind of visual flair that shows what great cinema can really do
today 's hottest
with the breathtaking landscapes and villainous varmints
great to look at , and funny
great piece to watch with kids and use to introduce video as art
great for the kids
grandeur and that epic quality often associated with Stevenson 's tale as well as with earlier Disney efforts
today 's hottest and
the cinematic equivalent of a good page-turner
with the intricate preciseness of the best short story writing
of Ms . Ambrose
of Middle Eastern world politics
of Matthew Shepard
of Martin Scorsese 's Taxi Driver and Goodfellas
with the inescapable conclusion
deserving of discussion
the clear-eyed boldness and quiet irony
the clear-eyed boldness and quiet irony with which actor and director take on life 's urgent questions
alternating between facetious comic parody and pulp melodrama , this smart-aleck movie ... tosses around some intriguing questions about the difference between human and android life .
screenwriters Michael Berg , Michael J . Wilson
shares that writer 's usual blend of observant cleverness , too-facile coincidence and slightly noxious preciousness
better effects , better acting and a hilarious kenneth branagh . an excellent sequel .
with the gifted Pearce on hand to keep things on semi-stable ground dramatically
would expect nothing less from this bunch
with the feral intensity of the young Bette Davis
with the fast , funny
Young Everlyn Sampi , as the courageous Molly Craig ,
Young Everlyn Sampi , as the courageous Molly Craig , simply radiates star-power potential in this remarkable and memorable film .
whet one 's appetite for the Bollywood films
is a clever and cutting , quick and dirty look at modern living and movie life
is a clever and cutting , quick and dirty look at modern living and movie life .
is a comedy , both gentle and biting
is a commanding screen presence
is a convincing one
is a convincing one ,
is a convincing one , and
is a convincing one , and should give anyone with a conscience reason to pause
more damning
to recommend SECRETARY , based on the wonderful acting clinic put on by Spader and Gyllenhaal
the movie eventually gets around to its real emotional business , striking deep chords of sadness .
being forceful , sad without being shrill
being funny simply by structuring the scenes as if they were jokes : a setup , delivery and payoff
the movie benefits from having a real writer plot out all of the characters ' moves and overlapping story .
to make people laugh
riveting movie experience
Call it magic
CQ 's reflection of artists and the love of cinema-and-self suggests nothing less than a new voice that deserves to be considered as a possible successor to the best European directors .
Ca n't Swim represents an engaging and intimate first feature by a talented director to watch
CQ 's reflection of artists and the love of cinema-and-self
sweet and believable
swept up in Invincible
rivals the top Japanese animations of recent vintage .
that one viewing ca n't possibly be enough
the nourishing aspects of love and companionship
cameo-packed
came back with the astonishing revelation that '' they wanted to see something that did n't talk down to them . ''
it has made its way into your very bloodstream
it integrates thoughtfulness and pasta-fagioli comedy
it is a fairly revealing study of its two main characters -- damaged-goods people whose orbits will inevitably
it is a good and ambitious film . And
it is a good and ambitious film .
that peace is possible .
old Monty Python cartoons
often-funny drama
to make this genre soar
has no scenes that will upset or frighten young viewers
has never been more charming than in About a Boy .
to make us care about them
ambitious , serious film
ambiguous and nothing
ambitious and well-intentioned
ambitious adaptation and elaborate production
to make us jump out of our seats
Daniel Radcliffe more emotionally assertive this time around
is a fuzzy huggy
is a good movie in spurts
is a great subject for a movie
'' Look at this !
morality , family
even life on an aircraft carrier --
A fascinating , unnerving examination
A fascinating , bombshell documentary that should shame Americans , regardless of whether or not ultimate blame finally lies with Kissinger . Should be required viewing for civics classes and would-be public servants alike .
A fascinating , unnerving examination of the delusions of one unstable man
A fascinating , unnerving examination of the delusions
A fascinating case study
A fascinating , unnerving examination of the delusions of one unstable man .
A fascinating case study of flower-power liberation --
A fascinating case study of flower-power liberation
A fascinating case study of flower-power liberation -- and the price that was paid for it
A fascinating case study of flower-power liberation -- and
more satisfying
a movie children should enjoy
, touching , dramatically forceful , and beautifully shot
A deliciously mordant , bitter black comedy .
A delirious celebration
A deviant topical comedy
A deviant topical comedy which is funny from
A deviant topical comedy which is funny from start to finish .
Summer X Games
another breathless movie
rare movie
you can practically see the Hollywood ` suits ' trying to put together the cast and filmmaking team for the all-too - inevitable American remake
you cross toxic chemicals with a bunch of exotic creatures
you dig on David Mamet 's mind tricks ... rent this movie and enjoy
fast , frenetic , funny , even punny 6
fast and
fast-paced comedy
, Festival In Cannes offers rare insight into the structure of relationships .
, Finch 's tale provides the forgettable pleasures of a Saturday matinee
, Green Dragon is still a deeply moving effort to put a human face on the travail of thousands of Vietnamese .
, Harvard Man is something rare and riveting : a wild ride that relies on more than special effects .
a memorable ensemble piece
a mildly entertaining
a mesmerizing poetry
it would be like to be smack in the middle of a war zone armed with nothing but a camera
the great films
the great films about movie love
it will be well worth your time .
sturdiest example yet
it won -- and wins still
it will gratify anyone who has ever suspected Hollywood of being overrun by corrupt and hedonistic weasels .
it worth watching
really cute
As the princess , Sorvino glides gracefully from male persona to female without missing a beat . Ben Kingsley is truly funny , playing a kind of Ghandi gone bad .
As warm as it is wise
As the dominant Christine , Sylvie Testud is icily brilliant .
As well-acted and well-intentioned
As warm as it is wise , deftly setting off uproarious humor with an underlying seriousness that sneaks up on the viewer , providing an experience that is richer than anticipated .
the Great American Comedy
really builds up a head of emotional steam .
touching and funny
totally unexpected directions
Everytime you think Undercover Brother has run out of steam , it finds a new way to surprise and amuse .
Everytime you think Undercover Brother has run out of steam
Everything that has to do with Yvan and Charlotte , and everything that has to do with Yvan 's rambunctious , Jewish sister and her non-Jew husband , feels funny and true .
Everlasting
Ernest Hemmingway at accelerated speed and volume
Nelson 's intentions are good
Nelson 's intentions are good , but
Never Again , while nothing special , is pleasant , diverting and modest -- definitely a step in the right direction .
is a new collectible .
is a more fascinating look at the future than `` Bladerunner '' and one of the most high-concept sci fi adventures attempted for the screen .
is a movie about passion .
is a movie that is what it is : a pleasant distraction , a Friday night diversion , an excuse to eat popcorn
is a movie that is what it is : a pleasant distraction , a Friday night diversion , an excuse to eat popcorn .
various characters express their quirky inner selves
vastly entertaining
into recruiting the right bands for the playlist and the costuming of the stars than into the script , which has a handful of smart jokes
into one good one
lean and tough enough to fit in any modern action movie
layered , well-developed characters
layered , well-developed characters and
layered , well-developed characters and some surprises
layers
filled with a sense of pure wonderment and excitement not often seen in today 's cinema du sarcasm
felt and masterfully
feels funny and true .
the second coming of harry potter is a film far superior to its predecessor . a movie that successfully crushes a best selling novel into a timeframe that mandates that you avoid the godzilla sized soda
the second coming of harry potter is a film far superior to its predecessor . a movie that successfully crushes a best selling novel into a timeframe that mandates that you avoid the godzilla sized soda .
the second coming of harry potter is a film far superior to its predecessor
paced to be a thriller . ( But it 's ) worth recommending because of two marvelous performances by Michael Caine and Brendan Fraser
lovable Siberian huskies ( plus one sheep dog )
it is were it not for the striking , quietly vulnerable personality of Ms. Ambrose
it is thought-provoking .
of those unassuming films that sneaks up on you and stays with you long after you have left the theatre
of those reputedly `` unfilmable '' novels that has bucked the odds to emerge as an exquisite motion picture in its own right
true to himself
truly grand scale
truly is romance
true potential
true story '' and you 're likely to have one helluva time at the movies
truly new
finest
finely directed
fire-breathing
finest American film
fire-breathing monsters barbecue
deferred and desire
defies expectation
defining
defining philosophical conscience
Dirty Faces
so much charisma that you 'd be happy to listen to them reading the phone book
so honest and keenly observed that it does n't feel like one
slight to be called any kind of masterpiece . It is , however , a completely honest , open-hearted
slice of Hitchcockian suspense .
stellar
ultimate IMAX trip
The soundtrack alone is worth the price of admission .
The story gives ample opportunity for large-scale action and suspense , which director Shekhar Kapur supplies with tremendous skill .
The story is smart and entirely charming in intent and execution .
in a snappy screenplay that curls at the edges
looks genuinely pretty . Your nightmares , on the other hand , will be anything but .
from its promenade of barely clad bodies in Myrtle Beach , S . C . , to the adrenaline jolt of a sudden lunch rush at the diner
in Imax 3-D , the clichés disappear into the vertiginous perspectives opened up by the photography .
tough , astringent , darkly funny
touched and amused by several moments and ideas
If I stay positive , maybe I can channel one of my greatest pictures , Drunken Master
If I stay positive
If anything , see it for Karen Black , who camps up a storm as a fringe feminist conspiracy theorist named Dirty Dick .
is as consistently engaging as it is revealing .
is as consistently engaging as it is revealing
is an unsettling picture of childhood innocence combined with indoctrinated prejudice .
is an overwhelming sadness that feels as if it has made its way into your very bloodstream .
the optimism of a group of people who are struggling to give themselves a better lot in life than the ones
should n't have gone straight to video
great fun
is impressively true for being so hot-blooded
is impressive for the sights and sounds of the wondrous beats the world has to offer
is impressive for the sights and sounds of the wondrous beats the world has to offer .
is in his element here
is in a class by itself
is in his element
the gorgeous piano and
the gorgeous piano and strings on the soundtrack
the gorgeous piano
if it is indeed a duty of art to reflect life , than Leigh has created a masterful piece of artistry right here
invokes the percussion rhythm , the brass soul and the sense of fierce competition that helps make great marching bands half the fun of college football games
involved ,
invisible , nearly psychic nuances , leaping into digressions of memory and desire
invitingly upbeat overture
invitingly upbeat
involved .
involved , starting with Spielberg and going right through the ranks of the players -- on-camera and off -- that he brings together .
do no wrong
do no wrong with Jason X
strong supporting players
more meaningful
more mature
To some eyes this will seem like a recycling of clichés , an assassin 's greatest hits . To others , it will remind them that Hong Kong action cinema is still alive and kicking .
To those who have not read the book , the film is a much better mother-daughter tale than last summer 's ` Divine Secrets of the Ya-Ya Sisterhood , ' but that 's not saying much .
friendly kick
The smartest bonehead comedy of the summer
fresh or enjoyable
fresh and vital
fresh and dramatically substantial spin
fresh approach
An overly melodramatic but somewhat insightful French coming-of-age film
have the worthy successor to A Better Tomorrow and The Killer which they have been patiently waiting for .
it 's also one of the smartest
it 's an adventure story and history lesson all in one .
it 's an observant , unfussily poetic meditation about identity and alienation
it 's all the stronger because of it
it 's almost worth seeing , if only to witness the crazy confluence of purpose and taste
it 's also nice to see a movie with its heart so thoroughly , unabashedly on its sleeve
it 's as comprehensible as any Dummies guide , something even non-techies can enjoy .
from the world of television , music and stand-up comedy
alleged youthful fire
all the signs of rich detail condensed
all the more compelling
all the usual Spielberg flair
watching A Walk To Remember
attentive
attentive concern
attempt to tap into the heartbeat of the world , a salute to the universal language of rhythm and a zippy sampling of sounds
The rest of the plot
does n't become smug or sanctimonious towards the audience
Tells a fascinating , compelling story .
Tells a fascinating , compelling story
Tends to pile too many '' serious issues '' on its plate at times , yet remains fairly light , always entertaining , and smartly written .
boasts some of today 's hottest and hippest acts from the world of television , music and stand-up comedy
boasts at least a few good ideas and features some decent performances
The Dangerous Lives of Altar Boys ' take on adolescence
The Dangerous Lives of Altar Boys ' take on adolescence feels painfully true .
there 's a casual intelligence that permeates the script
there 's a plethora of characters in this picture , and
there 's a plethora of characters in this picture ,
collectible .
Braveheart as well as
but it works under the direction of kevin reynolds
while the new film is much more eye-catching than its blood-drenched stephen norrington-directed predecessor
this is more appetizing than a side dish of asparagus .
while the new film is much more eye-catching than its blood-drenched stephen norrington-directed predecessor , the new script by the returning david s .
while the new film is much more eye-catching than its blood-drenched stephen norrington-directed predecessor ,
do the subject matter justice
many subplots
on-screen chemistry
humor and a few fanciful touches
humor and insight
humor and humanity
humorous
humor and poignancy
Mr. Day-Lewis roars with leonine power
Mr. Clooney , Mr. Kaufman and all their collaborators are entitled to take a deep bow for fashioning an engrossing entertainment out of an almost sure-fire prescription for a critical and commercial disaster .
remember that life 's ultimately a gamble and last orders are to be embraced
the movie 's accumulated force still
movies with the courage to go over the top and movies that do n't care about being stupid
bringing you right inside the massive waves that lifts Blue Crush into one of the summer 's most pleasurable movies
brings a youthful , out-to-change-the-world aggressiveness
bringing richer meaning to the story 's morals
brings a youthful , out-to-change-the-world aggressiveness to the project , as if she 's cut open a vein
brings a youthful , out-to-change-the-world aggressiveness to the project , as if she 's cut open a vein and
brings a youthful , out-to-change-the-world aggressiveness to the project ,
A delightful surprise because despite all the backstage drama , this is a movie that tells stories that work -- is charming , is moving , is funny and looks professional .
new standards
new inspiration
new inspiration in it
's funny and human and really pretty damned wonderful , all at once
moments of breathtaking mystery
into a significant character study that is both moving and wise
completely transfixes the audience .
intimate and character-driven film
intimate and quaint
intimate and quaint reality
intimate film
is ultimately thoughtful without having much dramatic impact
Becomes a fascinating study of isolation and frustration that successfully recreates both the physical setting and emotional tensions of the Papin sisters .
is a heartfelt story
is a gritty police thriller with all the dysfunctional family dynamics one could wish for .
of enjoyable thanks
is a film far superior to its predecessor .
is a form of bravery
A savvy exploration of paranoia and insecurity in America 's culture of fear .
A hip ride into hyper-time , Clockstoppers is a lively and enjoyable adventure for all ages at any time .
A hip ride into hyper-time
A model of what films
A model
A remarkable 179-minute meditation
A model of what films like this should be like .
A savvy exploration
A remarkable 179-minute meditation on the nature of revolution .
establishes its ominous mood and tension
characters that bring the routine day to day struggles of the working class to life
charismatic charmer
charisma and chemistry
charismatic enough
charismatic enough to make us care about Zelda 's ultimate fate
the spectacle of a promising young lad treading desperately in a nasty sea
the spectacular scale
creates an emotionally rich , poetically plump and visually fulsome , but never showy , film whose bittersweet themes are reinforced and brilliantly personified by Michel Piccoli
creates an emotionally rich , poetically plump and visually fulsome , but never showy , film whose bittersweet themes are reinforced
create engaging characterizations in Imamura 's lively and enjoyable cultural mix .
create engaging characterizations in Imamura 's lively and enjoyable cultural mix
creamy filling
creates a world that 's at once surreal and disturbingly familiar ; absurd , yet tremendously sad .
creates a world that 's at once surreal and disturbingly familiar ; absurd , yet tremendously sad
created a tour de force that is weird , wacky and wonderful
created a masterful piece of artistry right here
for some great one-liners
for the David Mamet enthusiast and for anyone who appreciates intelligent , stylish moviemaking
for the David Mamet enthusiast and for anyone who appreciates intelligent , stylish moviemaking .
for the David Mamet enthusiast
Truly
Troubling and powerful .
Troubling and powerful
Triple X is a double agent , and he 's one bad dude .
Triple X is a double agent , and he 's one bad dude
Treasure Planet maintains a brisk pace as it races through the familiar story .
Treasure Planet is truly gorgeous to behold .
Often likable , but just as often it 's meandering , low on energy , and too eager to be quirky at moments when a little old-fashioned storytelling would come in handy .
the script , which has a handful of smart jokes
delivers the goods and audiences will have a fun , no-frills ride .
delivers on the promise of excitement
delivers on that promise
delivers the goods and audiences will have a fun , no-frills ride
delivers real bump-in - the-night chills
delivers a terrific performance in this fascinating portrait of a modern Lothario
delivers a perfect performance that captures the innocence and budding demons within a wallflower .
delivers fascinating psychological fare
delivers a terrific performance in this fascinating portrait of a modern Lothario .
It 's the filmmakers ' post-camp comprehension of what made old-time B movies good-bad that makes Eight Legged Freaks a perfectly entertaining summer diversion .
an exhilarating exploration of an odd love triangle
moviemaking for a larger-than-life figure , an artist who has been awarded mythic status in contemporary culture
a distinct flair .
a difficult film to shake from your conscience when night falls
people 's homes are extensions of themselves , and particularly eccentric people have particularly eccentric living spaces -- but his subjects are charmers .
people 's homes are extensions of themselves
people together in a sweet and charming way
people from such diverse cultures
people together in a sweet and charming way , if a little convenient
to be wholesome and subversive at the same time
to be wholesome and subversive at the same time .
be fun
to be swept away by the sheer beauty of his images
to be the cat 's meow
is as lively and as fun as it is unapologetically dumb
is as much a snapshot of modern China in microcosm as it is a crash course in movie mythology
to be transported into the life of Wladyslaw Szpilman , who is not only a pianist , but a good human being
is a vivid , vibrant individual and the movie 's focus upon her makes it successful and accessible .
is a wonderful film with a bravura lead performance by Bruce Campbell that does n't deserve to leave the building until everyone is aware of it
is a wonderful film with a bravura lead performance by Bruce Campbell that does n't deserve to leave the building until everyone is aware of it .
is allowed to build an uncommonly human character , an almost real-live girl complete with trouble and hope
is allowed to build an uncommonly human character , an almost real-live girl complete with trouble and hope .
is also , believe it or not , immensely entertaining , a David and Goliath story that 's still very much playing itself out
is also , believe it or not , immensely entertaining , a David and Goliath story that 's still very much playing itself out .
is an intriguing snapshot of one man and his delusions
to be spectacularly outrageous
an unwieldy
logical
lofty
living harmoniously
sincere
so rich with period minutiae
A gorgeously strange movie , Heaven
see it again
's a testament to De Niro and director Michael Caton-Jones
's a testament to De Niro and director Michael Caton-Jones that by movie 's end , we accept the characters and the film , flaws and all
's a testament to De Niro and director Michael Caton-Jones that by movie 's end , we accept the characters and the film , flaws and all .
's a very tasteful rock and roll movie
's a very tasteful rock and roll movie .
's a very valuable film
's a very valuable film ...
's a wacky and inspired little film that works effortlessly at delivering genuine , acerbic laughs
's a wacky and inspired little film that works effortlessly at delivering genuine , acerbic laughs .
. It cooks Conduct in a low , smoky and inviting sizzle .
to a story that needs to be heard in the sea of Holocaust movies
he 'd appreciate this attempt to turn his life into art
having so much fun with the slapstick antics and silly street patois
to a tight , brisk 85-minute screwball thriller
have to add up to mesmerize you
have the same magical quality as the beginning of the story
have to watch them because you ca n't wait to see what they do next .
have to watch them because you ca n't wait to see what they do next
have to love the big , dumb , happy movie My Big Fat Greek Wedding
have to admit that somehow it hit you where you live
to anchor the emotional connections that purport to span a 125-year divide
work better
work as a jaunt down memory lane for teens and young adults who grew up on televised Scooby-Doo shows or reruns
a great hook ,
Beauty and
Beautifully shot , delicately scored and powered by a set of heartfelt performances , it 's a lyrical endeavour .
Beauty
Belongs to Daniel Day-Lewis as much as it belongs to Martin Scorsese ;
Belongs to Daniel Day-Lewis as much as it belongs to Martin Scorsese ; it 's a memorable performance in a big , brassy , disturbing , unusual and highly successful film
Belongs to Daniel Day-Lewis as much as it belongs to Martin Scorsese ; it 's a memorable performance in a big , brassy , disturbing , unusual and highly successful film .
luckiest men
luckiest
lucks
luckiest stroke
lucks out with Chaplin and Kidman , who are capable of anteing up some movie star charisma when they need it to sell us on this twisted love story , but who can also negotiate the movie 's darker turns
a coming-of-age story and
a comically dismal social realism with a farcically bawdy fantasy of redemption and regeneration
of the kind of lush , all-enveloping movie experience
of the joyous , turbulent self-discovery
send audiences out talking about specific scary scenes or startling moments
especially grateful for freedom
especially poignant portrait
sends you away a believer again and quite cheered at just that
especially charm
especially compelling
sensational true-crime
sensational denouements
quiet , confident craftsmanship that tells a sweet , charming tale of intergalactic friendship
pleasuring
a striking style behind the camera
an interest
an intimate and quaint reality that is a little closer to human nature than what Hollywood typically concocts
an intimate and quaint reality
an intriguing look at two performers who put themselves out there because they love what they do
an intriguing look
a streetwise McLaughlin Group
constructed from figure to backstory
though , this is a refreshingly novel ride .
does probably as good a job as anyone at bringing off the Hopkins\/Rock collision of acting styles and onscreen personas
does so with an artistry that also smacks of revelation
does strong , measured work .
quiet , decisive moments
a strong erotic spark to the most crucial lip-reading sequence
's as good as you remember
's as good
's the perfect kind of film to see when you do n't want to use your brain .
's an observant , unfussily poetic meditation about identity and alienation .
's an enthusiastic charm in Fire that makes the formula fresh again
's an energy to Y Tu Mamá También .
's appealingly manic and energetic .
's appealingly manic and energetic
wrapped in the heart-pounding suspense of a stylish psychological thriller
When all is said and done , she loves them to pieces -- and so , I trust , will you .
When a movie has stuck around for this long , you know there 's something there .
will find the movie
himself with a cast of quirky -- but not stereotyped -- street characters
realistic human behavior of an episode of General Hospital
himself or herself smiling at one time or another
When it 's not wallowing in hormonal melodrama , `` Real Women Have Curves '' is a sweet , honest , and enjoyable comedy-drama about a young woman who wants many things in life , but fears she 'll become her mother before she gets to fulfill her dreams .
at most
Writer \/ director M. Night Shyamalan 's ability to pull together easily accessible stories that resonate with profundity
Writer\/director David Caesar ladles on the local flavour with a hugely enjoyable film about changing times , clashing cultures and the pleasures of a well-made pizza .
Bubba Ho-Tep 's clearly evident quality
's all stitched together with energy , intelligence and verve , enhanced by a surplus of vintage archive footage .
Tale
's all-powerful , a voice for a pop-cyber culture that feeds on her Bjorkness .
's all-powerful , a voice for a pop-cyber culture that feeds on her Bjorkness
Much has been written about those years when the psychedelic '60s grooved over into the gay '70s , but words do n't really do the era justice . You have to see it .
a dream is a wish your heart makes
about canning his stockbroker and repairing his pool
Full of surprises
Funny and , at times , poignant , the film from director George Hickenlooper all takes place in Pasadena , `` a city where people still read . ''
as moving , uplifting and funny
as moving , uplifting and funny as ever .
Performances
Peppering this urban study with references to Norwegian folktales , Villeneuve creates in Maelstrom a world where the bizarre is credible and the real turns magical .
Performances all around are tops , with the two leads delivering Oscar-caliber performances .
an Oscar
an ` A ' list cast
an ` A ' list cast and
pretty decent kid-pleasing
pretty decent little documentary
If you have n't seen the film lately , you may be surprised at the variety of tones in Spielberg 's work . Much of it is funny , but
If you have n't seen the film lately , you may be surprised at the variety of tones in Spielberg 's work . Much of it is funny , but there are also some startling , surrealistic moments
An uncluttered , resonant gem
being insightful
being invited to a classy dinner soiree
being invited to a classy dinner soiree and
being placed on any list of favorites
even better in hindsight , as you mull over its every nuance in your mind
even fascinates us
even better
even better in hindsight
tackles its relatively serious subject with an open mind and considerable good cheer
For a long time the film succeeds with its dark , delicate treatment of these characters and its unerring respect for them .
First and foremost ... the reason to go see '' Blue Crush '' is the phenomenal , water-born cinematography by David Hennings .
For all its brilliant touches
The stunning , dreamlike visuals will impress even those viewers who have little patience for Euro-film pretension .
presumes
with Alexandre Desplat 's haunting and sublime music
with Kissinger . Should be required viewing for civics classes and would-be public servants alike
in the way of what should be the lighter-than-air adventure
at once both refreshingly different and reassuringly familiar
at little kids but with plenty of entertainment value
Watching E . T now , in an era dominated by cold , loud special-effects-laden extravaganzas , one is struck less by its lavish grandeur than by its intimacy and precision .
Watching Harris ham it up while physically and emotionally disintegrating over the course of the movie has a certain poignancy in light of his recent death
As much as I laughed throughout the movie
As original and insightful
As much as I laughed throughout the movie , I can not mount a cogent defense of the film as entertainment , or even performance art , although the movie does leave you marveling at these guys ' superhuman capacity to withstand pain .
loving the friends you
lovely pictures
lovely costumes , Southern California locations and star power
lovely costumes , Southern California locations and
yet feels universal
yearning for adventure and a chance to prove his worth
yet I found it weirdly appealing
yet another remarkable yet shockingly little-known perspective
a good chance of being the big hit franklin
a good chance
a good , straightforward tale
a good , straightforward
a good
a golden book sprung to life
a golden book
a golden
a fresh idea
a fresh
its success on a patient viewer
its superior cast
its success
quite moving
quite human
quite a rarity , even in the family film market .
quite moving scenes throughout his resolutely dramatic variation on the novel
quite moving scenes
makes all the difference
makes a melodramatic mountain
sweet and fluffy
sweet . It 's funny . It wears its heart on the sleeve of its gaudy Hawaiian shirt
sweet , funny , charming , and
sweet , funny , charming ,
sweet , funny , charming
sweet , funny ,
sweet .
sweet , genuine chemistry
sweet , genuine
sweet , funny , charming , and completely delightful
pretty damned wonderful
into a really funny movie
into a tragic coming-of-age saga punctuated by bursts of animator Todd McFarlane 's superhero dystopia
into an emotionally satisfying exploration of the very human need
sensitive , smart , savvy , compelling
sensitive , smart , savvy , compelling coming-of-age drama
sensual and
individual moments of mood , and an aimlessness that 's actually sort of amazing
sense . What 's invigorating about it is that it does n't give a damn
sensitive , cultivated treatment
so vivid
so warm and fuzzy
so true and heartbreaking
so unabashedly hopeful
so unabashedly hopeful that it actually makes the heart soar . Yes , soar
Would be an unendurable viewing experience for this ultra-provincial New Yorker if 26-year-old Reese Witherspoon were not on hand to inject her pure fantasy character , Melanie Carmichael , with a massive infusion of old-fashioned Hollywood magic .
Worth watching for Dong Jie 's performance -- and for the way it documents a culture in the throes of rapid change .
Writer and director Otar Iosseliani 's pleasant tale
Writer and director Otar Iosseliani 's pleasant tale about a factory worker who escapes for a holiday in Venice
Writer and director Otar Iosseliani 's pleasant tale about a factory worker who escapes for a holiday in Venice reveals how we all need a playful respite from the grind to refresh our souls .
One of the year 's best films , featuring an Oscar-worthy performance by Julianne Moore .
rooted in a sincere performance by the title character undergoing midlife crisis .
One of the pleasures in Walter 's documentary
One of the year 's best films
one of those reputedly `` unfilmable '' novels that has bucked the odds to emerge as an exquisite motion picture in its own right
one part romance novel ,
of the amazing Spider-Man
of the all-time great apocalypse movies
early laughs
the life of the celebrated irish playwright , poet and drinker
the life of wladyslaw szpilman , who is not only a pianist , but a good human being
the lady and the duke is a smart , romantic drama that dares to depict the french revolution from the aristocrats ' perspective .
Determined
a surgeon mends a broken heart
a surgeon mends
a superficial way
a superior moral tone
the wild thornberrys movie is a jolly surprise .
the wild thornberrys movie is a jolly surprise
the most legendary of Asian hitmen
Canada 's arctic light
Cannon 's confidence
Cannon 's confidence and
Cannon 's confidence and laid-back good spirits
Cannon 's confidence and laid-back good spirits are , with the drumming routines , among the film 's saving graces .
of the opening credits to Elmer Bernstein 's perfectly melodic score
the perfect cure
of the obstacles to happiness
thoroughly satisfying
substituting
subtlety and warmth
of the movie 's charm
tremendously moving
Heaven
That 's fun for kids of any age
Thanks to a small star with big heart
Thanks to a small star with big heart , this family film sequel is plenty of fun for all .
Thanks to The Château 's balance of whimsicality , narrative discipline and serious improvisation
Thanks to The Château 's balance of whimsicality , narrative discipline and serious improvisation , almost every relationship and personality in the film yields surprises .
Tezuka 's status as both the primary visual influence
bumpy but satisfying
buoyant , expressive
bumpy but satisfying journey
a classy dinner soiree
a clear sense of purpose
a clever gimmick
with the crisp clarity of a fall dawn
ability to be focused and sincere
a whole new level
a winning style
a welcome return
a welcome return to the roots of a genre that should depend on surprises
the songs translate well to film
the sort for those moviegoers who complain that ` they do n't make movies like they used to anymore
is its spirit , its ribald , full-throated humor
that believing in something does matter
that at the very least has a spark of life to it -- more than you can say for plenty of movies that flow through the Hollywood pipeline without a hitch
that as a director Washington demands and receives excellent performances
brilliantly personified by Michel Piccoli
brilliant documentary
Hits one out of the park for the ` they do n't make 'em like that anymore ' department
Hilarious , touching and wonderfully dyspeptic
Hip-hop has a history , and it 's a metaphor for this love story
High on melodrama . But it 's emotionally engrossing , too , thanks to strong , credible performances from the whole cast
Hilarious ,
Hilarious , acidic Brit comedy
with originality
inventive directors
, delivery and payoff
, director Robert J. Siegel allows the characters to inhabit their world without cleaving to a narrative arc .
, discerning taste
the big summer movies
very well-meaning movie ,
The tale of Tok ( Andy Lau ) , a sleek sociopath on the trail of O ( Takashi Sorimachi ) , the most legendary of Asian hitmen
this summer 's new action film , ''
A frisky and fresh romantic comedy exporing sexual politics and the challenges of friendships between women
being able to creep the living hell out of you
being a good documentarian
A gentle , compassionate drama about grief and healing
manage to be funny
hallucinatory production design
handily
handily directs and edits around his screenplay 's sappier elements ... and sustains Off the Hook 's buildup with remarkable assuredness for a first-timer .
worthy idea
sense that powerhouse of 19th-century prose behind her childlike smile
tells this very compelling tale with little fuss or noise , expertly plucking tension from quiet .
tells this very compelling tale with little fuss or noise , expertly plucking tension from quiet
tells this very compelling tale with little fuss or noise ,
tells this very compelling tale with little fuss or noise
tells this very compelling tale
Guy Ritchie 's Lock ,
Guy gets girl
vibrant , colorful world
the soderbergh faithful
such life-embracing spirit
such high-wattage brainpower coupled with pitch-perfect acting
such high-wattage brainpower
such high-wattage brainpower coupled with pitch-perfect acting and an exquisite , unfakable sense of cinema
such high-wattage brainpower coupled with pitch-perfect acting and
such sensitivity
A droll , well-acted , character-driven comedy with unexpected deposits
Intimate and panoramic
a little more special
I can easily imagine Benigni 's Pinocchio becoming a Christmas perennial .
Rugrats
Rose 's film , true to its source material ,
Roussillon providing comic relief
... breathes surprising new life into the familiar by amalgamating genres and adding true human complexity to its not-so-stock characters .
it gets to you .
Intelligent and
is thought-provoking .
is to be cherished
is to be cherished .
A penetrating glimpse
A penetrating glimpse into the tissue-thin ego of the stand-up comic
A perceptive , good-natured movie
recommend that everyone see this movie -- for its historical significance alone
a funny yet dark and seedy clash
a funny yet dark and
a funny yet dark
a funny no-brainer
a funny little movie
quite a comedy nor
quite '' Shrek '' or Monsters , Inc .
quite '' Shrek
want to get made-up and go see this movie with my sisters
want to see it twice
poignant and compelling story
want nothing else than to show us a good time
gerald bounce off a quirky cast of characters
of intricate elegance
gentle humor , bittersweet pathos , and
gentle humor , bittersweet pathos , and lyric moments
gentle humor , bittersweet pathos
gentle humor , bittersweet pathos ,
will be plenty of female audience members drooling over Michael Idemoto as Michael
will be friends through thick and thin
plying into your subconscious
will be an enjoyable choice for younger kids
will be an enjoyable choice for younger kids .
will attach a human face to all those little steaming cartons .
will be a thoughtful , emotional movie experience .
you to give it a millisecond of thought
of its excessive moral baggage thanks to two appealing lead performances .
you to accept it as life and go with its flow
you thought would leave you
while remaining true to his principles
while remaining one of the most savagely hilarious social critics this side of Jonathan Swift
while peppering the pages with memorable zingers
while retaining an integrity and refusing to compromise his vision
is in many ways a fresh and dramatically substantial spin on the genre
kooky and overeager as it is spooky and subtly in love with myth
knows how to inflate the mundane into the scarifying
knows how to inflate the mundane into the scarifying , and gets full mileage out of the rolling of a stray barrel or the unexpected blast of a phonograph record
its shape-shifting perils , political intrigue
knows it 's won
its shape-shifting perils , political intrigue and brushes
stimulate
still seems timely and important .
that eclipses nearly everything else she 's ever done
. Besson
of the best ensemble casts of the year
. .
of the art combined with the humor and intelligence of the script
seem sure of where it should go
. 11
by the incredibly flexible cast
nothing else to watch
A powerful performance
A positively thrilling combination of ethnography and all the intrigue , betrayal , deceit and murder of a Shakespearean tragedy or a juicy soap opera .
A positively thrilling combination of ethnography and all the intrigue , betrayal , deceit and murder of a Shakespearean tragedy or a juicy soap opera
A positively thrilling combination of ethnography and all the intrigue , betrayal , deceit and murder
A positively thrilling combination
A poignant and compelling story about relationships , Food of Love takes us on a bumpy but satisfying journey of the heart .
A poignant and compelling story about relationships , Food of Love
A poignant and compelling story
A pleasant enough romance with intellectual underpinnings , the kind of movie that entertains even as it turns maddeningly predictable .
A pleasant enough romance with intellectual underpinnings , the kind of movie that entertains even as it turns maddeningly predictable
tart , sugar-free wit
tart
on other levels
on rollerblades
to say about the ways in which extravagant chance can distort our perspective and throw us off the path of good sense
to scoring high for originality of plot
to screen with considerable appeal intact
why art matters ,
overflows with wisdom and emotion
laughs -- sometimes a chuckle , sometimes a guffaw and , to my great pleasure , the occasional belly laugh
laughs in this simple , sweet and romantic comedy
mined his personal horrors and came up with a treasure chest of material
to never shoot straight
the guy-in-a-dress genre
the pitch-perfect Forster to the always hilarious Meara and Levy
put some lovely pictures up on the big screen
what he could make with a decent budget
's really so appealing about the characters
's so fun about this silly , outrageous , ingenious thriller is the director 's talent .
's propelled by the acting
's so good
handsome execution
the precedent of Yiddish theater , whose jolly , fun-for-fun 's - sake communal spirit goes to the essence of Broadway .
the precious trappings
Devos and Cassel have tremendous chemistry -- their sexual and romantic tension , while never really vocalized , is palpable
Devos and Cassel have tremendous chemistry -- their sexual and romantic tension , while never really vocalized , is palpable .
Devos delivers a perfect performance that captures the innocence and budding demons within a wallflower .
Devos and Cassel have tremendous chemistry
Devos and Cassel have tremendous chemistry --
Kaufman creates an eerie sense of not only being there at the time of these events
Kaufman creates an eerie sense of not only being there at the time of these events but the very night Matthew was killed .
DiCaprio 's best performance
Confounding because it solemnly advances a daringly preposterous thesis . Acting can not be acted .
Confessions may not be a straightforward bio , nor does it offer much in the way of Barris ' motivations , but the film is an oddly fascinating depiction of an architect of pop culture .
Confessions may not be a straightforward bio , nor does it offer much in the way of Barris ' motivations , but the film is an oddly fascinating depiction of an architect of pop culture
by French filmmaker Karim Dridi that celebrates the hardy spirit of Cuban music
you should definitely let Dante 's gloomy words be your guide
adds up to big box office bucks all but guaranteed .
adds up to big box office bucks all but guaranteed
Storytelling is far more appealing
Storytelling
rewards
admirable energy , full-bodied characterizations and
from one of French cinema 's master craftsmen
from one arresting image to another
from movie comedies -- offbeat humor , amusing characters , and a happy ending
from little screen to big
Shanghai Ghetto , much stranger than any fiction , brings this unknown slice of history affectingly to life .
it looks neat
it plays like a big-budget , after-school special with a generous cast , who at times lift the material from its well-meaning clunkiness .
possible for a sequel
plus
portraying a complex character
of a scriptwriter 's imagination
emerges in the front ranks of China 's now numerous , world-renowned filmmakers .
emerges in the front ranks of China 's now numerous , world-renowned filmmakers
emerge with unimpeachable clarity
emerges as powerful rather than cloying
will create enough interest to make up for an unfocused screenplay
you watch it , offering fine acting moments and pungent insights into modern L . A
, colorful characters
for thinking audiences
forces us to confront what 's possible
forth as an important chronicle of the abuses of one of Latin America 's most oppressive regimes
gets beneath the surface of things
shouted , ` Thank you !
show a fair amount of intelligence and wit
a weirdly beautiful place
a well-balanced fashion
a welcome step
a well-deserved reputation as one
a well-deserved reputation
because he 's been stirred by the powerful work of his co-stars
as the treat of the title
as another key contribution
to please audiences who like movies that demand four hankies
dancing and music
to perfect use in the breathtakingly beautiful outer-space documentary Space Station 3D
allowing us to remember that life 's ultimately a gamble and last orders are to be embraced .
Though it 's become almost redundant to say so , major kudos go to Leigh for actually casting people who look working-class .
allows Americans to finally revel in its splendor
This warm and gentle romantic comedy has enough interesting characters to fill several movies
This warm and gentle romantic comedy has enough interesting characters to fill several movies , and its ample charms should win over the most hard-hearted cynics .
Those with an interest in new or singular sorts of film experiences
Those with an interest in new or singular sorts of film experiences will find What Time Is It There ? well worth the time .
for its extraordinary themes
for its elegantly colorful look and sound
Though the film 's scenario is certainly not earthshaking , this depiction of fluctuating female sexuality has two winning lead performances and charm to spare .
for finding a new and ingenious angle
( Rises ) above its oh-so-Hollywood rejiggering and its conventional direction to give the film a soul and an unabashed sense of good old-fashioned escapism
( Rises ) above its oh-so-Hollywood rejiggering and its conventional direction to give the film a soul and an unabashed sense of good old-fashioned escapism .
( Russell ) makes good B movies ( The Mask , The Blob )
( Russell ) makes good B movies ( The Mask , The Blob ) , and
( Russell ) makes good B movies ( The Mask , The Blob ) , and The Scorpion King more than ably meets those standards
( Russell ) makes good B movies ( The Mask , The Blob ) , and The Scorpion King more than ably meets those standards .
, but thanks to some lovely comedic moments and several fine performances
, but the film conjures the magic of author J.K. Rowling 's books
, but the film conjures the magic of author J.K. Rowling 's books .
emotional motivation
emotional intelligence in this engaging film about two men who discover what William James once called ` the gift of tears
emotional intelligence
emotional heart
emotional power
read like a discarded House Beautiful spread
read Stevenson 's book , which is a treasure in and of itself
real gift
real poignancy
real humor
This often-hilarious farce
This often-hilarious farce manages to generate the belly laughs of lowbrow comedy without sacrificing its high-minded appeal .
This misty-eyed Southern nostalgia piece , in treading the line between sappy and sanguine ,
This quiet , introspective and entertaining independent
Tsai has a well-deserved reputation as one of the cinema world 's great visual stylists
leaves shockwaves
any number of metaphorical readings
leaves us laughing
leave you with a smile on your face and a grumble in your stomach
headed east , Far East , in retelling a historically significant , and personal , episode detailing how one international city welcomed tens of thousands of German Jewish refugees while the world 's democracie
represented , both in terms of style and ethnicity , prevents the proceedings from feeling repetitious , as does the appropriately brief 40-minute running time .
represented , both in terms of style and ethnicity , prevents the proceedings from feeling repetitious , as does the appropriately brief 40-minute running time
represents better-than-average movie-making that does n't demand a dumb , distracted audience .
a cinematic gymnast
a child 's interest and
Death to Smoochy is often very funny
Death to Smoochy is often very funny ,
Death to Smoochy is often very funny , but what 's even more remarkable is the integrity of DeVito 's misanthropic vision
Death to Smoochy is often very funny , but what 's even more remarkable is the integrity of DeVito 's misanthropic vision .
showmanship
small ... with considerable aplomb
Sullivan and his son
Sundance Festival
The movie has lots of dancing and fabulous music . There are slow and repetitive parts , but it has just enough spice to keep it interesting
seem fully aware of the uses and abuses of fame
seem fun
seem fun .
a work of entertainment
a work that , with humor , warmth , and intelligence , captures a life interestingly lived
a work of outstanding originality
Dickens ' wonderfully sprawling soap opera
Dickens ' wonderfully sprawling soap opera ,
Die Another Day is as stimulating & heart-rate-raising as any James Bond thriller
Die Another Day is only intermittently entertaining but it 's hard not to be a sucker for its charms , or
Die Another Day is only intermittently entertaining but it 's hard not to be a sucker for its charms , or perhaps it 's just impossible not to feel nostalgia for movies you grew up with
a must-see
tasteful to look at
shows Canadians can put gentle laughs and equally gentle sentiments on the button , just as easily as their counterparts anywhere else in the world
Likely to have decades of life
so steeped themselves in the majesty of Tolkien 's writing that every frame produces new joys , whether you 're a fan of the books or not
so single-mindedly daring
so single-mindedly
so refreshing to see Robin Williams turn 180 degrees from the string of insultingly innocuous and sappy fiascoes he 's been making for the last several years
so refreshing to see Robin Williams turn 180 degrees from the string of insultingly innocuous
as funny
as something rare
as much fun as it must have been for them to make it
director D . J . Caruso 's grimy visual veneer
direction to give the film a soul and an unabashed sense of good old-fashioned escapism
seem to get a coherent rhythm going
seem to hit
seem to melt away in the face of the character 's blank-faced optimism
of dazzling pop entertainment
Gets the look and the period trappings right
George and Lucy 's most obvious differences to ignite sparks
Calvin Jr . 's Barbershop represents some sort of beacon of hope in the middle of Chicago 's South Side
Egypt from 1998
a more graceful
A colorful , joyous celebration
A colorful , joyous celebration of life
A colorful , joyous celebration of life ;
A cleverly
A close-to-solid espionage thriller
of `` Big Deal on Madonna Street '' that 's a sly , amusing , laugh-filled little gem in which the ultimate `` Bellini '' begins to look like a `` real Kaputschnik
A colorful , joyous celebration of life ; a tapestry woven of romance , dancing , singing , and unforgettable characters
A colorful , joyous celebration of life ; a tapestry woven of romance , dancing , singing , and unforgettable characters .
nifty
nifty twists
is given passionate , if somewhat flawed , treatment .
is genuinely inspirational
is funny enough to justify the embarrassment of bringing a barf bag to the moviehouse .
is funny --
enjoyed , even on the level that one enjoys a bad slasher flick , primarily because it is dull
enjoyed Barbershop
enjoyed , even on the level that one enjoys a bad slasher flick ,
enjoyed it just as much !
enjoying this film
enjoyed as a work of fiction inspired by real-life events
enjoyed as a work of fiction inspired by real-life events .
enjoys quirky , fun , popcorn movies
than special effects
deep feeling
deep inside righteousness
memory , a celebration of living , and
memory , a celebration of living ,
memory , a celebration of living
maybe , but
cascade over the screen effortlessly
makes you realize that deep inside righteousness can be found a tough beauty .
Internet
Interminably
Interview With the Assassin is structured less as a documentary and more as a found relic , and
remains uniquely itself
the idea of making Kahlo 's art a living , breathing part of the movie , often catapulting the artist into her own work
remains the most wondrous of all Hollywood fantasies -- and the apex of Steven Spielberg 's misunderstood career
showcases Tom Hanks as a depression era hit-man in this dark tale of revenge
looks great , has solid acting and a neat premise
's at once laughable and compulsively watchable
's at once laughable and compulsively watchable ,
fun to be had here
fun and funky look
with a revelatory performance
fun meeting a brand-new Pokemon called Celebi
fun factor
that unfolds with grace and humor and gradually
that transforms this story about love and culture into a cinematic poem
that ultimately coheres into a sane and breathtakingly creative film
that underscore the importance of family tradition and familial community
is a must
is a much better mother-daughter tale
is a must for genre fans .
is a nervy , risky film
is a must !
is a must for genre fans
is a new treasure of the Hermitage .
to surrealism and black comedy
to sustain a laugh
to sustain a good simmer for most of its running time
technical skill and rare depth
schticky Chris Rock and stolid Anthony Hopkins
sprung from such a great one
creative act
creative animation work
creative composure
credible compassion
the picture in some evocative shades
the picture is so lovely toward the end
The picture 's fascinating byways
The picture 's fascinating byways are littered with trenchant satirical jabs at the peculiar egocentricities of the acting breed .
where Santa gives gifts to grownups
fan to appreciate Scratch
the relationship between mothers
is playful but highly studied and dependent for its success on a patient viewer
's one heck of a character study -- not of Hearst or Davies but of the unique relationship between them
in a give-me-an-Oscar kind of way
's not to like about a movie with a ` children 's ' song that includes the line ` My stepdad 's not mean , he 's just adjusting '
's not to like about a movie with a ` children 's ' song that includes the line ` My stepdad 's not mean , he 's just adjusting ' ?
's one for you
preserving
somewhere along the way K-19 jettisoned some crucial drama .
, great to look at , and funny
sometimes tender ,
somewhat backhanded compliment to say that the film makes the viewer feel like the movie 's various victimized audience members after a while , but it also happens to be the movie 's most admirable quality
Rowling 's phenomenal fantasy best sellers , this second go-round
fills it with spirit , purpose and emotionally bruised characters who add up to more than body count
fiction
A breezy blend of art , history , esoteric musings and philosophy
A breezy blend
A bracing
A bracing , unblinking work that serves as a painful elegy and sobering cautionary tale .
A bracing , unblinking work that serves as a painful elegy and sobering cautionary tale
A bonanza of wacky sight gags , outlandish color schemes , and corny visual puns that can be appreciated equally as an abstract Frank Tashlin comedy and as a playful recapitulation of the artist 's career
an appealing job directing Persuasion and Notting Hill in England
an appealing job
with the sensibility of a video director
The film 's plot may be shallow , but you 've never seen the deep like you see it in these harrowing surf shots
The film 's plot may be shallow , but you 've never seen the deep like you see it in these harrowing surf shots .
lies considerable skill and determination , backed by sheer nerve
lies considerable skill and determination , backed by sheer nerve .
depends a lot on how interesting and likable you find them
dependable concept
Danis
, astringent , darkly funny
thoughtful ,
lyrical meditation
lyrical work
lyric moments that linger like snapshots of memory
as detailed as a photograph
the perfect material
The kind of spectacularly
romance , tragedy and even silent-movie comedy
romance , dancing , singing , and unforgettable characters
romance , tragedy
romance , tragedy , bravery , political intrigue
rollicking adventure
Saving Ryan 's Privates
should be commended for illustrating the merits of fighting hard for something that really matters .
If you 're content with a clever pseudo-bio that manages to have a good time as it doles out pieces of the famous director 's life , Eisenstein delivers .
If you 're looking for a smart , nuanced look at de Sade and what might have happened at Picpus
If you 're not deeply touched by this movie
If you 're not deeply touched by this movie , check your pulse
; this one is a feast .
a movie full of surprises
a movie does not proclaim the truth about two love-struck somebodies , but permits them time and space to convince us of that all on their own .
a movie that accomplishes so much that one viewing ca n't possibly be enough
a movie so unabashedly Canadian , not afraid to risk American scorn or disinterest
a movie that deserves recommendation
a movie that tells stories that work -- is charming , is moving
a movie that keeps throwing fastballs
an exhilarating new interpretation in Morvern Callar
an experience in understanding a unique culture that is presented with universal appeal
an exploration that is more accurate than anything I have seen in an American film
an exquisite , unfakable sense
and hard to resist
and has managed elements such as sound and cinematography with skill
and have a few laughs while the little ones get a fuzzy treat
and he does make for excellent company , not least as a self-conscious performer .
and he has drawn excellent performances from his cast .
and he is matched by Schweig , who carries the film on his broad , handsome shoulders .
the park
the outstanding feature debut of writer-director Eric Byler , who understands the power of the implicit and the virtues of simplicity and economy
deftly spins the multiple stories in a vibrant and intoxicating fashion
the lovely hush
deftly sewing together what could have been a confusing and horrifying vision into an intense and engrossing head-trip
presents himself as the boy puppet Pinocchio
present Ah Na 's life
strictly A-list players
stretches of impact and moments
strength and sense
stretches of impact and moments of awe
a romantic pairing
a roller-coaster ride from innocence
, achingly human
, abandoned , but still consoled by his art , which is more than he has ever revealed before about the source of his spiritual survival
, a warm , fuzzy feeling prevails
, a ripping good yarn is told .
, a movie does not proclaim the truth about two love-struck somebodies , but permits them time and space to convince us of that all on their own .
, a stirring visual sequence like a surge through swirling rapids or a leap from pinnacle to pinnacle rouses us . If horses could fly , this is surely what they 'd look like .
, full of mirth that should charm all but the most cynical
's about a very human one
, this will make you very happy .
, this white trash War of the Roses is a surprisingly engaging film .
, this timely sci-fi mystery works on so many different levels that it not only invites
, from the kind of reporting that is done by the supposedly liberal media ... to the intimate and ultimately tragic heartache of maverick individuals like Hatfield and Hicks
Hardly a film that comes along every day .
Hard , endearing , caring , warm .
Hard , endearing , caring , warm . Bring tissues .
, funny
in the creation of an extraordinary piece of music
Barry 's terrific performance
Barney 's
Barbershop . It 's a funny little movie with clever dialogue and likeable characters
Barbershop gets its greatest play from the timeless spectacle of people really talking to each other .
, for the most part , it avoids the stupid cliches and formulaic potholes that befall its brethren .
a beautiful food entrée
realistic , urgent
the idea of the documentary on its head , making it rousing , invigorating fun lacking any MTV puffery
realistic portrayal
for insomnia
for insights
for humor and bite
interesting , even sexy
interest onscreen
interested in Anne Geddes , John Grisham , and Thomas Kincaid
interested in entertaining itself
It does succeed by following a feel-good formula with a winning style
It 's traditional moviemaking all the way , but it 's done with a lot of careful period attention as well as some very welcome wit .
It 's not exactly a gourmet meal but the fare is fair , even coming from the drive-thru .
It 's an old story , but a lively script , sharp acting and partially animated interludes make Just a Kiss seem minty fresh .
It 's traditional moviemaking all the way
It 's the best film of the year so far , the benchmark against which all other Best Picture contenders should be measured .
It 's obviously struck a responsive chord with many South Koreans , and should work its magic in other parts of the world .
is dazzling
hard-won rewards
is carried less by wow factors than by its funny , moving yarn that holds up well after two decades .
is clever , offbeat and even gritty enough to overcome my resistance .
is daring , inventive and impressive .
's still very much playing itself out
's still worth a look
's still worth a look .
( Anderson ) uses a hit-or-miss aesthetic that hits often enough to keep the film entertaining even if none of it makes a lick of sense .
( Sex and Lucía ) makes for an arousing good time
( Sex and Lucía ) makes for an arousing good time .
, romance , tragedy , bravery , political intrigue
the camera looks there is something worth seeing .
the cast and director Stephen Herek 's polished direction pour delightfully piquant wine from aged bottles .
the cast and director Stephen Herek 's polished direction
which always relates to characters and story )
by taking your expectations and twisting them just a bit
Black are ultimately winning
Blade II has a brilliant director and charismatic star
Blade II has a brilliant director and charismatic star ,
Blade II has a brilliant director and charismatic star , but it suffers from rampant vampire devaluation
many genuine cackles
a truly wonderful
everything might be literate and smart
The film 's gamble to occasionally break up the live-action scenes with animated sequences pays off , as does its sensitive handling of some delicate subject matter .
The film 's best trick
The film 's appeal has a lot to do with the casting of Juliette Binoche as Sand , who brings to the role her pale , dark beauty and characteristic warmth .
The film 's appeal
The farcical elements seemed too pat and familiar to hold my interest , yet its diverting grim message is a good one
most surprising thing
... is funny in the way that makes you ache with sadness ( the way Chekhov is funny ) , profound without ever being self-important , warm without ever succumbing to sentimentality .
Yeah , these flicks are just that damn good . Is n't it great ?
Wollter 's sterling performances
You might not buy the ideas . But you 'll definitely want the T-shirt .
conversation starter
... it 's as comprehensible as any Dummies guide , something even non-techies can enjoy .
made up for its rather slow beginning
two hours better watching
by the end of the flick , you 're on the edge of your seat
, the film shatters you in waves .
, the film operates nicely off the element of surprise ,
, the power of this movie is undeniable .
, the rest of the world will enjoy a fast-paced comedy with quirks that might make the award-winning Coen brothers envious .
, the project is sensational and revelatory , even if scratching makes you itch .
, the screenplay only comes into its own in the second half .
gives the neighborhood -- scenery , vibe and all -- the cinematic equivalent of a big , tender hug
gives the story some soul
gives these women
gives these women a forum to demonstrate their acting ` chops '
helped give a spark to '' Chasing Amy '' and '' Changing Lanes ''
warm and gentle romantic comedy
warm and gentle
warm but realistic meditation
under cars
under your belt
hits audiences
holds the film
holds true to Wilde 's own vision of a pure comedy with absolutely no meaning , and no desire
honest and
'' is a fun
'' is owned by its costars , Spader
it has considerable charm .
breezily apolitical
brought to light on the screen
brilliantly updated his source and grasped its essence , composing a sorrowful and hilarious tone poem about alienated labor , or an absurdist workplace sitcom
it has been deemed important enough to make a film in which someone has to be hired to portray Richard Dawson
brutal , committed performances
brutal and strangely soulful movie
it has a more colorful , more playful tone than his other films .
it has a genuine dramatic impact
it transcends the normal divisions between fiction and nonfiction film
kiddie entertainment , sophisticated wit
it takes your breath away
warm presence
unlike many romantic comedies , it does not alienate either gender in the audience
warm performance
like none you 've seen .
to convince us of that all on their own
to conceive anyone else in their roles
the rare sequel that 's better than its predecessor
is generally quite funny
is funny and pithy ,
is funny and pithy , while illuminating an era of theatrical comedy that , while past ,
is funny and looks professional .
is funny and pithy
is funny and
is funny and looks professional
mainstream matinee-style entertainment
mainstream matinee-style
is generally quite funny .
is genial and decent
so fascinating
liked it just enough .
liked it just enough
likeable characters
liked by the people who can still give him work
liked a lot of the smaller scenes .
liked a lot of the smaller scenes
that we have come to love
no pastry is violated
the honor
the home video of the 1992 Malfitano-Domingo production
allow the suit to come to life
a classical dramatic animated feature , nor a hip , contemporary , in-jokey one .
a climax
a coherent , believable story
we all need a playful respite from the grind to refresh our souls
even marvels . So
even cranky adults may rediscover the quivering kid inside
even for adults . The characters are interesting and often very creatively constructed from figure to backstory .
modernized
modernized for the extreme sports generation
Elegant and
Elegant and eloquent ( meditation ) on death and that most elusive of passions
clever moments and biting dialogue
Elegant and eloquent ( meditation ) on death and that most elusive of passions , love .
way cheaper ( and better )
every opportunity for a breakthrough
every other Seagal movie ,
its courageousness , and comedic employment
the stunt work is top-notch ;
it equals the original and in some ways even betters it
it eventually pays off and is effective if you stick with it
it explores the awful complications of one terrifying day
it falls into the trap of pretention almost every time
the stunt work is top-notch ; the dialogue and drama often food-spittingly funny .
obsessive love
has all the enjoyable randomness of a very lively dream and so
you wo n't want to miss About A Boy .
! Brilliant ! '
! Brilliant
' ... both hokey and super-cool , and definitely not in a hurry , so sit back , relax and have a few laughs while the little ones get a fuzzy treat . '
its courage , ideas
wo n't have you swinging from the trees hooting it 's praises , but it 's definitely worth taking a look .
wo n't have you swinging from the trees hooting it 's praises , but it 's definitely worth taking a look
are sweet and believable , and
are sweet and believable ,
wo n't feel like it 's wasted yours
its courageousness
wo n't exactly know what 's happening but you 'll be blissfully exhausted .
Cineasts will revel in those visual in-jokes , as in the film 's verbal pokes at everything from the likes of Miramax chief Harvey Weinstein 's bluff personal style to the stylistic rigors of Denmark 's Dogma movement .
wo n't have any trouble getting kids to eat up these Veggies .
Cinema Paradiso will find the new scenes interesting
essentially '' Fatal Attraction
a fresh point of view
a fresh point
Shreve 's graceful dual narrative
rarely have received such a sophisticated and unsentimental treatment on the big screen as they do in this marvelous film .
rare quality
rare trick
rate as the most magical and most fun family fare of this or any recent holiday season
Kosminsky ... puts enough salt into the wounds of the tortured and self-conscious material to make it sting .
their charisma
their bodies
Accuracy and realism are terrific , but
Accuracy and realism are terrific ,
Accuracy and realism are terrific
Does an impressive job of relating the complicated history of the war and
this was your introduction to one of the greatest plays of the last 100 years
are all spot on , especially Lee Ross 's turn as Ken
are all spot on , especially Lee Ross 's turn as Ken .
doing something of a public service -- shedding light on a group of extremely talented musicians who might otherwise go unnoticed and underappreciated by music fans
doing its namesake proud
are a winning combination
are all astounding
are a couple of screen-eating dominatrixes like Goldie Hawn and Susan Sarandon at their raunchy best
artistic
far more witty
far more energy
far more impact
are well worth
artfully
artfully lighted
artfully lighted ,
artfully lighted , earnest
artfully lighted , earnest inquiries
Talkiness is n't necessarily bad
and richly entertaining
and satisfying
where a masterpiece should be
As home movie gone haywire , it 's pretty enjoyable ,
borrows a bit from the classics '' Wait Until Dark '' and '' Extremities '' ... But in terms of its style , the movie is in a class by itself
bored with A Christmas Carol , it might just be the movie you 're looking for
boredom never takes hold .
fresh .
fresh and dramatically substantial
makes gangster films that are equally lovely but also relentlessly brutal and brutally intelligent
for as loosey-goosey , experimental entertainment
makes it look like a masterpiece
young man 's
freeing
remarkable camerawork
great material for a film -- rowdy , brawny and lyrical in the best Irish sense
great material
great past
great presence
great scares and
great scares
great script
great scares and a good surprise ending
want to see it
The film delivers not just the full assault of Reno 's immense wit and insight , but
The film delivers not just the full assault of Reno 's immense wit and insight ,
profound self-evaluation message
profound way
profound . The Hours is what movies are supposed to be
promotes understanding
profundity as he is likely to get
chilly poetry
prophetic
made the first film such a delight
made it all work
its moment of most convincing emotional gravity from a scene where Santa gives gifts to grownups
The Cockettes ) provides a window into a subculture hell-bent on expressing itself in every way imaginable . '
The Chateau cleverly probes the cross-cultural differences between Gauls and Yanks .
incendiary genius
incendiary movie
incarnated in the movie 's soundtrack , a joyful effusion of disco Bollywood that , by the end of Monsoon Wedding , sent my spirit soaring out of the theater
incarnates the prophetic book in a way even its exacting author might admire
incarnates the prophetic book in a way even its exacting author might admire .
The Empire Strikes Back ... a majestic achievement , an epic of astonishing grandeur and surprising emotional depth
truly come to care about the main characters
make a terrific 10th-grade learning tool
make a person who has lived her life half-asleep suddenly wake up and take notice
make a person who has lived her life half-asleep suddenly wake up
surpassed himself with the magic he 's spun with the Hollywood empress of Ms. Leoni 's Ellie
tender and
sure to make a clear point -- even if it seeks to rely on an ambiguous presentation
wow ' factor
in the annals of cinema
in the art of impossible disappearing\/reappearing acts
in the breathtakingly beautiful outer-space documentary Space Station 3D
in the best way
in the business
's most thought-provoking film .
's most thought-provoking film
's not just another connect-the-dots , spy-on-the-run picture
's one of the saddest films I have ever seen that still manages to be uplifting but not overly sentimental .
's one of the saddest films I have ever seen that still manages to be uplifting but not overly sentimental
of a fanciful motion picture
of a good cast
of a first-rate cast
of a good vampire tale
of a good movie ye who enter here
cinematic poem
cinematic intoxication , a wildly inventive mixture of comedy and melodrama , tastelessness and swooning elegance
cinematic perfection
cinematic intoxication , a wildly inventive mixture of comedy and melodrama , tastelessness
cinematic intoxication , a wildly inventive mixture of comedy and melodrama , tastelessness and
cinematic intoxication , a wildly inventive mixture of comedy and melodrama
cinematic intoxication , a wildly inventive mixture of comedy and melodrama ,
cinematic intoxication
Derrida is an undeniably fascinating and playful fellow .
Derrida would doubtless give his blessing to
Digital-video documentary about stand-up comedians is a great glimpse into a very different world .
about art , ethics , and the cost of moral compromise
about an unruly adolescent boy who is yearning for adventure and a chance to prove his worth
about a young woman 's face , and by casting an actress whose face projects that woman 's doubts and yearnings
beloved-major
benefit from a Three 's Company-style laugh track
benefitted the dialogue
much dramatic impact
much emotional impact
wore
that in a good way
have fun
just the right amount
just the right amount of charisma and menace
just enough of everything -- re-enactments , archival footage , talking-head interviews --
Almodovar is an imaginative teacher of emotional intelligence in this engaging film about two men who discover what William James once called ` the gift of tears . '
Allen se atreve a atacar , a atacarse y nos ofrece gags que van de la sonrisa a la risa de larga duración
that uses its pulpy core conceit to probe questions of attraction and interdependence
that watching it leaves you giddy
While it 's nothing we have n't seen before from Murphy , I Spy is still fun and enjoyable and so aggressively silly that it 's more than a worthwhile effort .
just enough sweet and traditional romantic comedy to counter the crudity
even more clear
terms of style and ethnicity , prevents the proceedings from feeling repetitious
It 's a beautiful madness
It 's Burns ' visuals , characters and his punchy dialogue , not his plot , that carry waydowntown .
Is this love or is it masochism ? Binoche makes it interesting trying to find out .
Is an Actress is an utterly charming French comedy that feels so American in sensibility and style
in the power of the Huston performance , which seems so larger than life and yet so fragile
in the reality of its characters to go over the edge . A touch of humor or an unexpected plot twist always pulls it back
terms of style and ethnicity , prevents the proceedings from feeling repetitious ,
makes a great impression as the writer-director of this little $ 1 .
makes a great impression as the writer-director of this little $ 1
makes Oliver far more interesting
makes Eight Legged Freaks a perfectly entertaining summer diversion
makes a great impression
makes Oliver far more interesting than the character 's lines would suggest
like it 's going to be great
like it did
, you still have to see this !
, you wo n't feel like it 's wasted yours
, you may never again be able to look at a red felt Sharpie pen without disgust , a thrill , or the giggles .
, you know there 's something there . It 's that good .
, you may be surprised at the variety of tones in Spielberg 's work .
thought-provoking picture .
thought that the German film industry can not make a delightful comedy centering on food .
makes its message resonate
that will probably please people
more successful
Jackson tries to keep the plates spinning as best he can
An intelligent , multi-layered and profoundly humanist ( not to mention gently political ) meditation on the values of knowledge , education , and the
best acting
benefits greatly from a less manic tone than its predecessor , as Cho appears to have settled comfortably into her skin
An intelligent and deeply
best examples
best family film
best earlier work
An intelligent and deeply felt work about impossible , irrevocable choices and the price of making them .
best in more than a decade
best kind
An intelligent romantic thriller
An intelligent romantic thriller of a very old-school kind of quality
With a cast of A-list Brit actors
With a tone as variable as the cinematography
With an admirably dark first script by Brent Hanley , Paxton , making his directorial feature debut , does strong , measured work .
With an admirably dark first script by Brent Hanley
With an obvious rapport with her actors and a striking style behind the camera , Hélène Angel is definitely a director to watch .
With an obvious rapport with her actors and a striking style behind the camera
delightfully dour
delightfully so
delightful stimulus
delightfully against the grain
deliriously funny , fast and loose , accessible to the uninitiated , and full
delights and
delights and simmering
deliriously funny , fast and loose , accessible to the uninitiated , and full of surprises
delivering a riveting , pulse intensifying escapist adventure of the first order
It 's not just a feel-good movie , it 's a feel movie . You feel good
It 's not just a feel-good movie ,
It 's not just a feel-good movie
It 's not going to be everyone 's bag of popcorn , but it definitely gives you something to chew on .
It 's not going to be everyone 's bag of popcorn , but it definitely gives you something to chew on
've come to expect , including the assumption that '' crazy '' people are innocent , childlike and inherently funny
've a taste for the quirky
's yet another cool crime movie that actually manages to bring something new into the mix
's yet another cool crime movie that actually manages to bring something new into the mix .
simple and innocent a movie as you
ambitious `
all the elements that made the other three great , scary times at the movies
all of those terrific songs and spirited performances
all over the stage , dancing , running , sweating , mopping his face and generally displaying the wacky talent that brought him fame in the first place
sparkling with ideas you wish had been developed with more care
earnest strides
ear candy
Provides the kind of ` laugh
the more influential works
the more outrageous bits achieve a shock-you-into-laughter intensity of almost Dadaist proportions
the most affecting depictions of a love affair
treasure chest
, sum up the strange horror of life in the new millennium
treated as docile , mostly wordless ethnographic extras
, spicy footnote
, sorrow , laugther , and tears
treats us
artistic aspirations
artistic merits
a nifty plot line in Steven Soderbergh 's Traffic
a nifty plot line
a nice coffee table book
You need n't be steeped in '50s sociology , pop culture or movie lore to appreciate the emotional depth of Haynes ' work .
You never know where Changing Lanes is going to take you but it 's a heck of a ride
You never know where Changing Lanes is going to take you but it 's a heck of a ride .
there are those who just want the Ball and Chain
this deeply affecting film
this delightful comedy
this elegant entertainment
this wild Welsh whimsy
this wedding
this viewer
Great performances , stylish cinematography and a gritty feel help make Gangster No. 1 a worthwhile moviegoing experience .
Great dragons !
Great character interaction .
Great character
Great Thing
uncanny
uncanny ability to right itself precisely when you think it 's in danger of going wrong
unburdened by pretensions to great artistic significance
their idol 's energy and passion for detail
come to looking through a photographer 's viewfinder as he works
come along that are as intelligent , exuberant , and moving as Monsoon Wedding
enough amusing
enough amusing banter
enjoys
enjoys one of his richest roles in years
enjoyed it enough to recommend
enjoyed it enough to recommend .
enjoyably complex characters who are never what they first appear
enjoyably complex
enjoyably complex characters
A sentimental hybrid
A sentimental hybrid that could benefit from the spice of specificity .
A serious movie
bold by studio standards
bolder
this marvelous film
that works .
hip .
ideal
of mirth that should charm all but the most cynical
of memorable performances from top
honestly nice
honestly nice little film
hopeful and always fun
efficient
efficient , suitably anonymous chiller .
efficient , suitably anonymous chiller
efficient ,
handled well
broken with her Friends image in an independent film of satiric fire and emotional turmoil
bronze
Although God Is Great addresses interesting matters of identity and heritage
authentic coming-of-age tale .
see the movie through the prism of his or her own beliefs and prejudices
that the film makes the viewer feel like the movie 's various victimized audience members after a while , but it also happens to be the movie 's most admirable quality
that the epicenter of cool , beautiful , thought-provoking foreign cinema is smack-dab in the middle of Dubya
The universal theme
The two leads , nearly perfect in their roles , bring a heart and reality that buoy the film , and at times , elevate it to a superior crime movie .
The universal theme of becoming a better person through love has never been filmed more irresistibly than in ` Baran . '
The urban landscapes are detailed down to the signs on the kiosks , and
The urban landscapes are detailed down to the signs on the kiosks ,
audiences to the edge of their seats
imaginative and successful
inviting piece
inviting
irresistible
irreverent animated space adventure
irresistible combination
is , in its quiet , epic way , daring , inventive and refreshingly unusual
piquant wine
pigeonhole-resisting romp
pigeonhole-resisting
picture that extols the virtues of comradeship and community in a spunky , spirited fashion .
picking apart human foibles , not afraid to lay her life bare in front of an audience .
joy to watch , even when her material is not first-rate
joy to watch and -- especially -- to listen to
joyful solo performance
joyous
is stark , straightforward and deadly ... an unnatural calm that 's occasionally shaken by ... blasts of rage , and later , violent jealousy
is stark , straightforward and deadly ...
is still a cinematic touchstone .
is still a cinematic touchstone
is still a deeply moving effort to put a human face on the travail of thousands of Vietnamese .
is still a deeply moving effort to put a human face on the travail of thousands of Vietnamese
splashed with bloody beauty as vivid
what a concept , what an idea , what a thrill ride . this is a more fascinating look at the future than '' bladerunner '' and one of the most high-concept sci fi adventures attempted for the screen
what a concept , what an idea , what a thrill ride . this is a more fascinating look at the future than '' bladerunner '' and one of the most high-concept sci fi adventures attempted for the screen .
what a thrill ride . this is a more fascinating look at the future than '' bladerunner ''
what emerges is an unsettling picture of childhood innocence combined with indoctrinated prejudice . promises is a compelling piece that demonstrates just how well children can be trained to live out and carry on their parents ' anguish
what emerges is an unsettling picture of childhood innocence combined with indoctrinated prejudice . promises is a compelling piece that demonstrates just how well children can be trained to live out and carry on their parents ' anguish .
energetic sweet-and-sour performance
gargantuan aura
garner the film a '' cooler '' PG-13 rating
gasp-inducing ending
that are subtle and so expressive they can sustain the poetic flights in Burdette 's dialogue
that are as intelligent , exuberant
that are as intelligent , exuberant , and moving as Monsoon Wedding
that are among cinema 's finest this year . Unfortunately
that anyone can relate to
compassionate
compassionate drama
compelling ` who wrote it ' in which the reputation of the most famous author who ever lived comes into question
compelling ` who wrote it ' in which the reputation of the most famous author who ever lived comes into question .
compelling in its fatalist worldview
its well-meaning
its ultimate
its stylistic austerity
its stylistic austerity and
the symbols
of perversity , comedy and romance
of persistence that is sure to win viewers ' hearts
own brilliance
own cremaster
own cuteness
this excursion into the epicenter of percolating mental instability is not easily dismissed or forgotten .
this exciting new filmmaker has brought to the screen
this exciting new filmmaker
, the film is well worthwhile .
parental units
multilayered and sympathetic
for all ages -- a movie that will make you laugh
tasteful little revision works
tasty slice
for an intelligent movie in which you can release your pent up anger
for an intelligent weepy
quizzical , charming movie
quizzical , charming
Testud and Parmentier give superlative performances
From Danang reveals that efforts toward closure only open new wounds . It does n't flinch from its unsettling prognosis , namely , that the legacy of war is a kind of perpetual pain .
Asian neo-realist treasure .
As tricky and satisfying as any of David Mamet 's airless cinematic shell games .
As they used to say in the 1950s sci-fi movies , Signs is a tribute to Shyamalan 's gifts , which are such that we 'll keep watching the skies for his next project .
As tricky and satisfying as any of David
As played by Ryan Gosling , Danny is a frighteningly fascinating contradiction .
As part of Mr . Dong 's continuing exploration of homosexuality in America , Family Fundamentals is an earnest study in despair .
MacDowell , whose wifty Southern charm has anchored lighter affairs ... brings an absolutely riveting conviction to her role .
MacDowell , whose wifty Southern charm has anchored lighter affairs
Made to be Jaglomized is the Cannes Film Festival , the annual Riviera spree of flesh , buzz , blab and money . The charming result is Festival in Cannes .
Maelstrom is strange and compelling
Maelstrom is strange and compelling , engrossing and different
Maelstrom is strange and compelling ,
great Daniel Auteuil
grasp and feel the passion others have for their work
great charm , generosity and diplomacy
great cinematic polemic
a throwback war movie
should see it as soon as possible . '
a tidal wave of plot
Ali 's graduation from little screen to big
Aliens and
the extravagant confidence of the exiled aristocracy
the exuberant openness with which he expresses our most basic emotions
the exuberant openness
things moving along at a brisk , amusing pace
those who do will have found a cult favorite to enjoy for a lifetime .
those who do
those terrific documentaries
those underrated professionals who deserve but rarely receive it
were all comedy
part biography , part entertainment and
part biography , part entertainment and part history
part of being a good documentarian
surprising us by trying something new
surprises or delights
surgeon mends
There is n't a weak or careless performance
There is a refreshing absence of cynicism in Stuart Little 2 -- quite a rarity , even in the family film market . Eventually , it wins you over .
There is a kind of attentive concern that Hoffman brings to his characters , as if he has been giving them private lessons , and now it is time for their first public recital .
There is a kind of attentive concern that Hoffman brings to his characters , as if he has been giving them private lessons
There has always been something likable about the Marquis de Sade .
There are times when A Rumor of Angels plays like an extended episode of Touched by an Angel -- a little too much dancing , a few too many weeping scenes -- but I liked its heart and its spirit .
Shiri is an action film that delivers on the promise of excitement , but it also has a strong dramatic and emotional pull that gradually sneaks up on the audience
Shiri is an action film that delivers on the promise of excitement ,
Shiri is an action film that delivers on the promise of excitement
Shiner
it also has humor and heart and very talented young actors
writer \/ director m . night shyamalan 's ability to pull together easily accessible stories that resonate with profundity is undeniable .
has made a film that makes previous vehicles look smart and sassy .
end this flawed , dazzling series with the raising of something other
reveals meaning
searing lead performance
special fishy community
Barry 's cold-fish act makes the experience worthwhile
of the populace that made A Walk to Remember a niche hit
of the pleasures in Walter 's documentary
her stature
her raw performance and utter fearlessness make it strangely magnetic
her raw performance and utter fearlessness
her raw performance and
understand everyone 's point of view
as laugh-out-loud lunacy with a pronounced Monty Pythonesque flavor
as miraculous as its DreamWorks makers
as more of a poetic than a strict reality , creating an intriguing species of artifice that gives The Lady and the Duke something of a theatrical air
like life
to keep grown-ups from squirming in their seats
pure slapstick
anchor the film in a very real and amusing give-and-take
anchor the film in a very real and amusing give-and-take .
one man 's ruin may be another 's fortune
, it 's a very very strong `` B + . ''
, it 's an observant , unfussily poetic meditation about identity and alienation .
conjure proper respect
conjures the past via surrealist flourishes so overwrought you 'd swear he just stepped out of a Buñuel retrospective .
connect with one demographic while
The story is naturally poignant ,
The story is naturally poignant
spiritually
I love the way that it took chances and really asks you to take these great leaps of faith and pays off .
I liked its heart and its spirit .
I liked its heart and its spirit
Carion 's debut feature but his script and direction hums with a confidence that many spend entire careers trying to reach
Carlos
been hoping for
been given a part worthy of her considerable talents
been filmed more irresistibly than in ` Baran
positively Shakesperean
portrays their
might even praise God for delivering such an instant camp classic
the greater beause director
caught in a heady whirl of New Age-inspired good intentions
are powerful and moving without stooping to base melodrama
the grind to refresh our souls
the group 's playful spark
the riveting performances by the incredibly flexible cast make love a joy to behold .
richly imagined and admirably mature
richly imagined
richly entertaining
richly
rich and suspenseful
rewarding work
rewarding balance
An extremely funny , ultimately heartbreaking look at life in contemporary China .
An exceptionally acted , quietly affecting cop drama .
An exceptionally
An extremely funny , ultimately heartbreaking
An extraordinary dramatic experience .
An example of quiet , confident craftsmanship that tells a sweet , charming tale of intergalactic friendship
An excellent sequel
An example of quiet , confident craftsmanship that tells a sweet , charming tale of intergalactic friendship .
in the kind of elegant symmetry that 's rare in film today
in terms of style and ethnicity , prevents the proceedings from feeling repetitious , as does the appropriately brief 40-minute running time
is n't even all that dumb
is n't as gory or explicit .
is n't just hilarious
is nearly perfect in its relentless descent to the depths of one man
a fascinating study of the relationship between mothers and their children or a disturbing story about sociopaths and their marks
a feast for the eyes
breathes life
a feature debut
classic films
can never escape the heart of the boy when the right movie comes along , especially if it begins with the name of Star Wars
can make interesting a subject you thought would leave you cold . A case in point : Doug Pray 's Scratch .
can make interesting a subject you thought would leave you cold . A case in point : Doug Pray 's Scratch
breathes life into a roll that could have otherwise been bland and run of the mill
Mark Pellington 's latest pop thriller is as kooky and overeager as it is spooky and subtly in love with myth .
Manages to accomplish what few sequels can -- it equals the original and in some ways even betters it .
Manages to accomplish what few sequels can -- it equals the original and in some ways even betters it
Manages to delight without much of a story .
Manages to be both hugely entertaining and uplifting .
Margot
a heck of a ride . Samuel L .
a heck of a ride . Samuel L
a heck of a ride .
a heck of a ride
spell-casting
a heck of a ride . Samuel L . Jackson is one of the best actors there is
spectacular piece
spectacular scale
While it 's nice to watch a movie that has n't been focus-grouped into tedium
spectacle
has much to recommend it , even if the top-billed Willis is not the most impressive player
be able to appreciate the wonderful cinematography and naturalistic acting
has made a film so unabashedly hopeful that it actually makes the heart soar .
has made a film so unabashedly hopeful that it actually makes the heart soar
has lots of dancing and fabulous music .
has lots of dancing and fabulous music
has many of the things that made the first one charming .
ol' urban legend stuff
, soar .
Hepburn and Grant , two cinematic icons with chemistry galore
Leigh is one of the rare directors who feels acting is the heart and soul of cinema .
Lee seems just as expectant of an adoring , wide-smiling reception .
the unsettling images of a war-ravaged land that prove more potent and riveting than the unlikely story of Sarah and Harrison
the unmistakable stamp of authority
the upscale lifestyle
it 's ) worth recommending because
it 's Black Hawk Down with more heart .
it 's ) worth recommending
A gentle and engrossing character
A gem , captured in the unhurried , low-key style
A gangster movie with the capacity to surprise
A gangster movie with the capacity
A gem ,
A gangster movie with the capacity to surprise .
It 's a spectacular performance - ahem
air conditioning and popcorn
aims to be funny , uplifting and moving , sometimes all at once . The extent to which it succeeds is impressive .
aims to be funny , uplifting and moving , sometimes all at once . The extent to which it succeeds is impressive
women 's self-actualization
the emotional depth
the elements that will grab you
very stylish and beautifully photographed
this is the one .
got to me
got to love a Disney pic with as little cleavage as this one has , and a heroine as feisty and principled as Jane
got it right
got something
Arthur Schnitzler 's Reigen
subtle humour
subtle humour from Bebe Neuwirth
stylish psychological
stylish psychological thriller
stylish thriller .
is that it does have a few cute moments .
is that it does have a few cute moments
is that it counts heart as important as humor .
is that it 's shot on digital video , whose tiny camera enables Shafer to navigate spaces both large ... and small ... with considerable aplomb .
is that it 's shot on digital video , whose tiny camera enables Shafer to navigate spaces both large ... and small ... with considerable aplomb
the dialogue is realistic and greatly moving
is that it has a screenplay written by Antwone Fisher based on the book by Antwone Fisher .
jolt you out of your seat a couple of times ,
jolt you out of your seat a couple of times , give you a few laughs ,
jolt you out of your seat a couple of times , give you a few laughs
jolly , fun-for-fun 's - sake communal spirit goes to the essence of Broadway .
joins the ranks of those gay filmmakers who have used the emigre experience to explore same-sex culture in ways that elude the more nationally settled .
jolt you out
jolt you out of your seat a couple of times , give you a few laughs , and leave you feeling like it was worth your seven bucks , even though it does turn out to be a bit of a cheat in the end
that is funny , touching , smart and complicated
and cinemantic flair
contemplative , and sublimely beautiful
and communicates something
better performances
Filmmakers who can deftly change moods are treasures and even marvels . So
Filmmakers who can deftly change moods are treasures and even marvels . So , too , is this comedy about mild culture clashing in today 's New Delhi .
that any art-house moviegoer is likely to find compelling
Few films capture so perfectly the hopes and dreams of little boys on baseball fields as well as the grown men who sit in the stands .
Filled with honest performances and exceptional detail
Filled with honest performances and exceptional detail , Baran is a gentle film with dramatic punch , a haunting ode to humanity .
Film Festival
A gripping movie
A gripping , searing portrait of a lost soul trying to find her way through life
A graceful , moving tribute
A gorgeous , witty , seductive movie .
A gorgeous , witty , seductive movie
A gorgeous , high-spirited musical from India that exquisitely blends music , dance , song , and high drama .
A grimly competent and stolid and earnest military courtroom drama .
A graceful , moving tribute to the courage of New York 's finest and a nicely understated expression of the grief shared by the nation at their sacrifice .
A graceful , moving tribute to the courage of New York 's finest and a nicely understated expression of the grief
My goodness , Queen Latifah has a lot to offer and
My goodness ,
Nearly surreal ,
Narc may not get an ` A ' for originality , but it wears its B-movie heritage like a badge of honor
Nearly surreal , dabbling in French , this is no simple movie ,
is this film 's chief draw
is thought-provoking
is a wish a studio 's wallet makes
is a worthwhile topic for a film
is able to overcome the triviality of the story
Katz uses archival footage , horrifying documents of lynchings , still photographs and charming old reel-to-reel recordings of Meeropol entertaining his children to create his song history , but most powerful of all
Just a Kiss seem minty fresh
Karmen moves like rhythm
wonder about big questions with sincerity and devotion
into the familiar by amalgamating genres and adding true human
into the `` A '' range , as is
to the power of women to heal
to the rescue in the final reel
by five contemporary individuals ... a psychological masterpiece
by far the lightest Dogme film and among the most enjoyable
by deft staging and the director 's well-known narrative gamesmanship
by bright and friendly souls with a lot of good cheer
by bright and friendly souls
Worth watching for Dong Jie 's performance --
Worth watching for Dong Jie 's performance
Worth watching for Dong Jie 's performance -- and for the way it documents a culture in the throes of rapid change
Worth watching for Dong Jie 's performance -- and
today 's hottest and hippest acts from the world of television , music and stand-up comedy
distinguished and distinctive effort
distinguished and distinctive
distinguished
kid could bond while watching a walk to remember
diverted and best of all
create characters
unhibited
he uncovers them
hits home with disorienting force
of the company 's astonishing growth
of the clients
come to care about the main characters
better-focused
better vehicle
Miller tells this very compelling tale with little fuss or noise , expertly plucking tension from quiet .
Miller eloquently captures the moment when a woman 's life , out of a deep-seated , emotional need , is about to turn onto a different path .
why either is impossible -- which forces us to confront what 's possible and
avoid imprisonment
if MapQuest emailed him point-to-point driving directions
idol 's
idol
thoughtfully written
thoughtfulness
give the film an intimate and quaint reality that is a little closer to human nature than what Hollywood typically concocts
convince almost everyone that it was put on the screen , just for them
the power of poetry and passion
Ca n't get enough of libidinous young city dwellers
a typically solid performance
a unique modern fairytale
a typically solid performance in a role that is a bit of a departure from the noble characters he has played in the past
a valuable time capsule to remind us of the devastating horror suffered by an entire people
a valuable time
a very fine movie -- go see it
with some arresting effects , incandescent tones and stupendous performances
talented and
taking a risk
frames ) profound ethical and philosophical questions in the form of dazzling pop entertainment
frantic and fun
frantic and fun , but also soon forgotten
'' is entertaining .
daydreams , memories and one fantastic visual trope
dates
If S&M seems like a strange route to true love , maybe it is , but it 's to this film 's ( and its makers ' ) credit that we believe that that 's exactly what these two people need to find each other -- and themselves
If S&M seems like a strange route to true love , maybe it is , but it 's to this film 's ( and its makers ' ) credit that we believe that that 's exactly what these two people need to find each other -- and themselves .
brings a beguiling freshness to a coming-of-age story with such a buoyant , expressive flow of images
brings a beguiling freshness to a coming-of-age story with such a buoyant , expressive flow of images that it emerges as another key contribution to the flowering of the South Korean cinema
moment
, when she 's given the right lines , can charm the paint off the wall ...
a pitch-perfect Holden
assured and stylish
Kinnear ... gives his best screen performance with an oddly winning portrayal of one of life 's ultimate losers .
glossy coat
glossy , rich green , environment
's both saucy and endearing
contrasting the sleekness of the film 's present with the playful paranoia of the film 's past
, however ambitious and well-intentioned ,
meets-new mesh is incarnated in the movie 's soundtrack , a joyful effusion of disco Bollywood that , by the end of Monsoon Wedding , sent my spirit soaring out of the theater .
melodic
member
a thoughtful what-if for the heart as well as the mind .
a three-dimensional , average , middle-aged woman 's experience
a tight , brisk 85-minute screwball thriller , '' Big Trouble ''
a timeless and unique perspective
acted meditation on both the profoundly devastating events of one year ago and the slow , painful healing process that has followed in their wake
acted by a British cast to rival Gosford Park 's .
acted offbeat thriller
nicest possible way
no doubt that Krawczyk deserves a huge amount of the credit for the film 's thoroughly winning tone
You may feel compelled to watch the film twice or pick up a book on the subject .
You have to see it .
You need n't be steeped in '50s sociology , pop culture or movie lore to appreciate the emotional depth of Haynes ' work . Though Haynes ' style apes films from the period ... its message is not rooted in that decade
You need n't be steeped in '50s sociology , pop culture or movie lore to appreciate the emotional depth of Haynes ' work . Though Haynes ' style apes films from the period ...
You need n't be steeped in '50s sociology , pop culture or movie lore to appreciate the emotional depth of Haynes ' work . Though Haynes ' style apes films from the period
Will no doubt delight Plympton 's legion of fans
Wilde 's wit and
Thirteen Conversations About One Thing , for all its generosity and optimism ,
poignancy , and intelligence
poignant and uplifting
steals the show without resorting to camp as Nicholas ' wounded and wounding Uncle Ralph . It 's a great performance and a reminder of Dickens ' grandeur
steals the show without resorting to camp as Nicholas ' wounded and wounding Uncle Ralph . It 's a great performance and a reminder of Dickens ' grandeur .
as endearing and easy
as do the girls ' amusing personalities
as emotionally grand
Unlike the nauseating fictions peddled by such ` Have-yourself-a-happy-little-Holocaust ' movies as Life Is Beautiful and Jakob the Liar , The Grey Zone is honest enough to deny the possibility of hope in Auschwitz .
Unlike the speedy wham-bam effect of most Hollywood offerings
Unlike the speedy wham-bam effect of most Hollywood offerings , character development -- and more importantly , character empathy -- is at the heart of Italian for Beginners .
Uses sharp humor and insight into human nature to examine class conflict
Uses sharp humor and insight into human nature to examine class conflict , adolescent yearning , the roots of friendship and sexual identity .
a pretty convincing performance
marketable product
true talent
true wonder
true emotions
true for being so hot-blooded
truly capture the terrifying angst of the modern working man without turning the film into a cheap thriller , a dumb comedy or a sappy
truly deserving of its Oscar nomination
works more often than it does n't
works more often than it does n't .
works even without vulgarity , sex scenes , and cussing
reminded me of the best of the Disney comedies
works nothing short of a minor miracle in Unfaithful .
remind the First World that HIV\/AIDS is far from being yesterday 's news
remind us
remembered in the endlessly challenging maze of moviegoing
were your idea of a good time at the movies
barbed and bracing comedy
yank
the American dream
Novak manages to capture a cruelly hilarious vein of black comedy in the situation with his cast of non-actors and a gritty , no-budget approach .
Notorious C . H . O . has oodles of vulgar highlights .
Noyce 's film
find that it goes by quickly , because it has some of the funniest jokes of any movie this year , including those intended for adults
find the small , human moments
strangely draws the audience into the unexplainable pain and eccentricities that are attached to the concept of loss
Graduate
Graced with the kind of social texture and realism that would be foreign in American teen comedies .
Graced with the kind of social texture and realism that would be foreign in American teen comedies
Goofy , nutty , consistently funny . And educational !
it magic
it looks even better
it manages to find new avenues of discourse on old problems
it is to be Ya-Ya
it lets you grasp and feel the passion others have for their work
did n't hate this one
's one of the saddest films i have ever seen that still manages to be uplifting but not overly sentimental
the Martin Scorsese street-realist mode
burnt out on It 's a Wonderful Life marathons and bored with A Christmas Carol , it might just be the movie you 're looking for .
spare dialogue and
breezy blend
sparking
breathtakingly beautiful outer-space documentary Space Station 3D
breathes life into a roll that could have otherwise been bland and run of the mill .
breathtaking landscapes
ROCKS
Ranges from laugh-out-loud
Ranges from laugh-out-loud hilarious to wonder-what
Rampling gives a performance that could not be improved upon . '
is SO De Palma
Ranges from laugh-out-loud hilarious to wonder-what -
all about a wild-and-woolly , wall-to-wall good time
Murphy and Wilson actually make a pretty good team ...
all about Anakin ... and the lustrous polished visuals rich in color and creativity and , of course , special effect
A romantic comedy , yes ,
A romantic comedy , yes , but one with characters who think and talk about their goals , and are working on hard decisions
A real movie ,
A real movie , about real people , that gives us a rare glimpse into a culture most of us do n't know
A refreshing Korean film about five female high school friends who face an uphill battle when they try to take their relationships into deeper waters
A remarkable 179-minute meditation on the nature
A remarkable 179-minute meditation on the nature of revolution
A romantic comedy ,
the very definition of epic adventure
have been perfect for an old `` Twilight Zone '' episode
have been benefited from a sharper , cleaner script before it went in front of the camera
A pointed , often tender , examination
A pointed , often tender , examination of the pros and cons of unconditional
A pointed , often tender , examination of the pros and cons of unconditional love and familial duties .
A portrait of alienation
A portrait of alienation so perfect
much more terrifying than what you do see thriller , coupled with some arresting effects , incandescent tones and stupendous performances
find millions of eager fans
find much fascination in the swinging
Grant and Bullock 's characters are made for each other . But
thinking about how good it all was , and started doing nothing but reacting to it - feeling a part of its grand locations , thinking urgently as the protagonists struggled , feeling at the mercy of its inventiveness , gasping at its visual delights
like '' si , pretty much
, empathetic performances
, every shot enhances the excellent performances
above its heart-on-its-sleeve writing
astonishingly pivotal role
astonishingly vivid
astonishingly
astonishingly pivotal
astonishing growth
astonish
astonish and
very expressive
is just such an achievement
is just the sort for those moviegoers who complain that ` they do n't make movies like they used to anymore .
is just the point
One of those energetic surprises , an original that pleases almost everyone who sees it
One of those energetic surprises , an original that pleases almost everyone who sees it .
One of those energetic surprises
One of those energetic surprises ,
Open-minded kids -- kids who read , kids who dream --
Open-minded
be most in the mind of the killer
Evans ) had , lost , and got back
Esther 's story is a compelling quest for truth .
is new
Do n't Ask
comic skill
is well plotted , visually striking and
Djeinaba
is such a dazzlingly self-assured directorial debut
is well
is up there
is uniformly excellent and
is this an invigorating , electric movie
if you 're in the right b-movie frame of mind , it may just scare the pants off you .
if you 're in the right b-movie frame of mind , it may just scare the pants off you
always entertaining
if you 're up for that sort of thing
always entertaining , and
always entertaining ,
Moving
always entertaining , and smartly written
so insatiable
knows how to please a crowd , and that 's about all it does well
but with his affection for Astoria and its people he has given his tale a warm glow .
but worthy
but you will laugh at the audacity , at the who 's who casting and the sheer insanity of it all .
but you will quickly recognize him . And that 's a big part of why we go to the movies .
gangs , despite the gravity of its subject matter , is often as fun to watch as a good spaghetti western
Xmas
shines through each frame
are all in the performances , from Foreman 's barking-mad Taylor to Thewlis 's smoothly sinister Freddie and Bettany\/McDowell 's hard-eyed gangster .
are all in the performances , from Foreman 's barking-mad Taylor to Thewlis 's smoothly sinister Freddie and Bettany\/McDowell 's hard-eyed gangster
are an absolute joy
are alternately touching and funny
are an absolute joy .
to the search for inner peace
should at least invade an abundance of mindsets
They can and will turn on a dime from oddly humorous to tediously sentimental .
short supply in the cinema
headline-fresh thriller
headed by Christopher Plummer as the subtlest and most complexly evil Uncle Ralph I 've ever seen in the many film
the production is suitably elegant
the process comes out looking like something wholly original
the process created a masterful work of art of their own
speaks of beauty , grace and a closet full of skeletons
class reunion mixer
clarity and audacity
clamoring for another ride
plays like Solaris , but with guns and jokes .
The Kid Stays in the Picture '' is a great story , terrifically told by the man who wrote it but this Cliff Notes edition is a cheat .
get made-up and
literally and figuratively )
liked such movies as Notting Hill , Four Weddings And A Funeral , Bridget Jones ' Diary or High Fidelity
liked
so in control of both his medium and his message
so interesting
so larger than life
so larger than life and
so appealing about the characters
so fun about this silly , outrageous , ingenious thriller is the director 's talent .
so good
that it 's more than a worthwhile effort
19 stays afloat as decent drama\/action flick
all the period 's volatile romantic lives
all the outward elements of the original
all the pleasure of a handsome and well-made entertainment
all the right elements
all the stronger because of it
all the stronger
should win over the most hard-hearted cynics
show acting range that may surprise some who thought light-hearted comedy was his forte
show it to their own kids
show us not only what that mind looks like , but how the creative process itself operates
may not , strictly speaking , qualify as revolutionary .
may be the best play of the 19th century . It 's so good that its relentless , polished wit can withstand not only inept school productions , but even Oliver Parker 's movie adaptation .
may be why it 's so successful at lodging itself in the brain
may have been born to make
fictionalize and be believed
500
Somehow both wildly implausible and strangely conventional
Some of their jokes work
shake the thought that Undercover Brother missed an opportunity to strongly present some profound social commentary
she looks like the six-time winner of the Miss Hawaiian Tropic Pageant , so I do n't know what she 's doing in here
unassuming and pure of heart
exceptionally good idea
exceptionally good
a poetic
an enjoyable 100 minutes in a movie theater
a ploddingly melodramatic structure
a poem to the enduring strengths of women
a poem of art , music and metaphor
a pleasing way
a pleasing verisimilitude
a pleasure to watch
a pleasing way with a metaphor
as you might to scrutinize the ethics of Kaufman 's approach , somehow it all comes together to create a very compelling , sensitive , intelligent and almost cohesive piece of film entertainment
as wonderful on the big screen
as well-characterized
as well its delightful cast --
as well its delightful cast
as well as it does because of the performances
both saucy and endearing
both moving and wise
both kids and parents entertained
both leads are up to the task .
both leads are up to the task
both hokey and super-cool , and definitely not in a hurry
which is best for the stunning star turn by Djeinaba Diop Gai
expect and often surprises you with unexpected comedy
Works because we 're never sure if Ohlinger 's on the level or merely
Works because we 're never sure if Ohlinger 's on the level or merely a dying , delusional man trying to get into the history books before he croaks
Works as pretty contagious fun
Works as pretty contagious fun .
expands into a meditation on the deep deceptions of innocence
which also is n't embarrassed to make you reach for the tissues
saw at childhood , and captures them by freeing them from artefact
saw the film
It 's a treat -- a delightful , witty , improbable romantic comedy with a zippy jazzy score ... Grant and Bullock make it look as though they are having so much fun .
It 's absolutely amazing how first-time director Kevin Donovan managed to find something new to add to the canon of Chan .
It 's about following your dreams , no matter what your parents think .
( Gulpilil ) is a commanding screen presence , and
( Gulpilil ) is a commanding screen presence ,
( Fincher 's ) camera sense and assured pacing make it an above-average thriller .
( Gosling 's ) combination of explosive physical energy and convincing intelligence helps create a complex , unpredictable character .
( Gosling 's ) combination of explosive physical energy and convincing intelligence
( Gulpilil ) is a commanding screen presence
a remarkably original work
you ca n't miss it .
admirable achievement
admirably mature
admire
addresses in a fascinating , intelligent manner the intermingling of race , politics and local commerce
adds up to good fun
adds up to good fun .
this coming-of-age story
this coming-of-age story restraint as well as warmth
this depiction of fluctuating female sexuality has two winning lead performances and charm to spare .
a remarkable new trick
this documentary engages your brain in a way few current films do .
this film , unlike other Dumas adaptations , is far more likened to a treasure than a lengthy jail sentence
a remarkably accessible and haunting film
still has enough moments to keep it entertaining .
still has a sense of his audience
still consoled by his art , which is more than he has ever revealed before about the source of his spiritual survival
still comes from Spielberg , who has never made anything that was n't at least watchable
potent and riveting
potent and
potentially enticing
potentially incredibly
potentially enticing ingredients
potentially incredibly twisting mystery
Two Weddings and a Funeral '' fun
Two generations within one family test boundaries in this intelligent and restrained coming-of-age drama .
fluff stuffed with enjoyable performances
US
U . S . audiences may find ( Attal and Gainsbourg 's ) unfamiliar personas give the film an intimate and quaint reality that is a little closer to human nature than what Hollywood typically concocts .
floats beyond reality with a certain degree of wit and dignity
flowering
the hilarious writer-director himself
the highest degree
the highest and the performances
that you root for throughout
that would set it apart from other Deep South stories
that you enjoy more because you 're one of the lucky few who sought it out
way to entertain or inspire its viewers
take credit for most of the movie 's success
works out his issues with his dad and comes to terms with his picture-perfect life
that the film is closer to the mark than I want to believe
Now here 's a sadistic bike flick that would have made Vittorio De Sica proud .
The Trials of Henry Kissinger is a remarkable piece of filmmaking ... because you get it .
a heart and
a hoot and a half , and
a hoot and
a hoot and a half ,
that the children of varying ages in my audience never coughed , fidgeted or romped up and down the aisles for bathroom breaks
A taut , intelligent psychological drama
A sweet-natured reconsideration of one of San Francisco 's most vital , if least widely recognized , creative fountainheads
A stunning piece of visual poetry that will , hopefully , be remembered as one of the most important stories to be told in Australia 's film history
A startling and fresh examination of how the bike still remains an ambiguous icon in Chinese society
A sports movie with action
with depth
that the debate it joins is a necessary and timely one
is involving .
is incredible !
is ingenious fun
is ingenious fun .
is inspiring , ironic , and revelatory of just how ridiculous and money-oriented the record industry really is .
makes for one of the most purely enjoyable and satisfying evenings at the movies I 've had in a while
makes an amazing breakthrough in her first starring role and eats up the screen .
makes for perfectly acceptable , occasionally very enjoyable children 's entertainment
makes for one of the most purely enjoyable and satisfying evenings at the movies I 've had in a while .
makes all the difference .
A soul-stirring documentary about the Israeli\/Palestinian conflict as revealed through the eyes of some children who remain curious about each other against all odds .
makes her nomination as best actress even more of a an a
need to constantly draw attention to itself .
Red Dragon '' never cuts corners .
one-of-a-kind
Read My Lips is to be viewed and treasured for its extraordinary intelligence and originality as well as its lyrical variations on the game of love .
Real Women Have Curves truly is life affirming
one who proves that elegance is more than tattoo deep
character creations
character piece
character-oriented
character-driven storytelling
character-oriented piece
Pokémon 4ever
Polished , well-structured film
Polished ,
Polished , well-structured film .
extraordinarily
extends a warm invitation into an unfamiliar world
extends a warm invitation into an unfamiliar world , then illuminates it fully and allows the larger implications of the journey to sink in unobtrusively
extensions of themselves
extols the virtues of comradeship and community in a spunky , spirited fashion
the two leads delivering Oscar-caliber performances
resembling humor
balance sweetness with coarseness
more precious than perspicacious
more power
a fair share
the visual wit of the previous pictures
the visual wit
to ponder and chew on as its unusual relationship slowly unfolds
to perfection
juiced with enough energy and excitement for at least three films .
the movie stirs us as well .
it 's unburdened by pretensions to great artistic significance
it 's the image that really tells the tale .
it 's what makes this rather convoluted journey worth taking
it 's very much like life itself .
it 's worth it , even if it does take 3 hours to get through
going to be everyone 's bag of popcorn
going to be something really good
going right through the ranks of the players -- on-camera and off -- that he brings together
going to love The Piano Teacher
going to make box office money that makes Michael Jordan jealous
( and ) personal illusion is deconstructed with poignancy
( and ) personal illusion
( and better )
( and better
( T ) his beguiling Belgian fable , very much its own droll and delicate little film
( The Cockettes ) provides a window into a subculture hell-bent on expressing itself in every way imaginable . '
movie that will touch the hearts of both children and adults , as well as bring audiences to the edge of their seats
moved and love it ,
moved and love it , or
time to congratulate himself for having the guts to confront it
even better than The Fellowship
even a must-see
even more haunting than those in Mr. Spielberg 's 1993 classic
even if the top-billed Willis is not the most impressive player
the cinematic equivalent of a legal indictment , and a fairly effective one at that
the cinema world 's great visual stylists
the chilly production
that George Lucas can only dream of
aptly named , this shimmering , beautifully costumed and filmed production
the man in a way to arouse further curiosity in even the most unknowing viewer
hitting a comedic or satirical target
sweetness and
sweetness and vulnerability
time frame right
sweet-and-sour performance
There 's no conversion effort , much of the writing is genuinely witty and both stars are appealing enough to probably have a good shot at a Hollywood career , if they want one
sweet sentimentality
must-see viewing for anyone involved in the high-tech industry . others
must-see viewing for anyone involved in the high-tech industry .
multi-dimensional love story and sci-fi mystery
multi-dimensional love story and sci-fi
multi-dimensional love story and
multi-dimensional love story
must-see viewing for anyone involved in the high-tech industry
must-see viewing
must-see
understands characters must come first
understands like few others
underrated Campbell Scott gives a star performance that is nothing short of mesmerizing .
underrated Campbell Scott gives a star performance that is nothing short of mesmerizing
underneath the skin like few movies
satisfying movie experience
is a filmmaker of impressive talent .
is a filmmaker of impressive talent
is a fascinating film because there is no clear-cut hero and no all-out villain .
is a film in which the talent is undeniable
is a former film editor
is a filmmaker with a bright future ahead of him
without being forceful , sad without being shrill
without being funny simply by structuring the scenes as if they were jokes : a setup , delivery and payoff
without cheesy fun factor .
profundity
profound cinema
profound
proficiency
progress
which the bursts of sudden violence are all the more startling for the slow buildup that has preceded them
of its epic scope
of its characters ' lives
of intimacy in a way that makes most American love stories look downright unfree
of international acclaim
pretty damned funny
pretty funny
pretty amazing
pretty amazing accomplishment
pretty Irish settings
presents it with an unforgettable visual panache
enjoyable and frankly told
enjoyable and frankly told tale
enjoyable 100
enjoyable 100 minutes
enjoyable Big Movie
enjoyable and
dollars
dominant
mind and spirit
for one splendidly cast pair
for originality of plot
As an actor 's showcase , Hart 's War has much to recommend it , even if the top-billed Willis is not the most impressive player .
As an actress , Madonna is one helluva singer .
As a witness to several Greek-American weddings -- but , happily , a victim of none -- I can testify to the comparative accuracy of Ms. Vardalos ' memories and insights .
to steal a movie not only from charismatic rising star Jake Gyllenhaal but also from accomplished Oscar winners Susan Sarandon , Dustin Hoffman and Holly Hunter , yet newcomer Ellen Pompeo pulls off the feat with aplomb
to suspense thriller
to surprise us with plot twists
Bravo for history rewritten , and for the uncompromising knowledge that the highest power of all is the power of love .
There are deeply religious and spiritual people in this world who would argue that entering a church , synagogue or temple does n't mean you have to check your brain at the door .
be nominated for an Oscar next year
There are a few chuckles , but not a single gag sequence that really scores , and the stars seem to be in two different movies
playing smart people amid a compelling plot
and challenges its audience
silliness you are likely to witness in a movie theatre for some time
all comedy
able to pull it back on course
Ranks among Willams ' best screen
who appreciates intelligent , stylish moviemaking
With an unusual protagonist ( a kilt-wearing Jackson ) and subject matter , the improbable `` Formula 51 '' is somewhat entertaining , but
With an unusual protagonist ( a kilt-wearing Jackson ) and subject matter , the improbable `` Formula 51 '' is somewhat entertaining , but it could have been much stronger .
With an unusual protagonist ( a kilt-wearing Jackson ) and subject matter , the improbable `` Formula 51 '' is somewhat entertaining ,
With an unusual protagonist ( a kilt-wearing Jackson ) and subject matter , the improbable `` Formula 51 '' is somewhat entertaining
drains it
with wry humor and genuine pathos , especially between Morgan and Redgrave
you open yourself up to Mr. Reggio 's theory of this imagery as the movie 's set
to gorgeous beaches
matured quite a bit
a Puritanical brand of Christianity
slapping extreme humor
sleazy and fun
is to win over the two-drink-minimum crowd
draws its considerable power from simplicity .
draws its considerable power from simplicity
draws its considerable power
drawn in by the sympathetic characters
draws us in long
draws us in
draws the audience into the unexplainable pain and eccentricities that are attached to the concept of loss
draws the audience
draws you in
draws you
to be the best espionage picture to come out in weeks
that 's packed with just as much intelligence as action
Nicole Holofcenter , the insightful writer\/director responsible for this illuminating comedy
Nicole Holofcenter , the insightful writer\/director responsible for this illuminating comedy does n't wrap the proceedings up neatly
Nicole Holofcenter , the insightful writer\/director responsible for this illuminating comedy does n't wrap the proceedings up neatly but the ideas tie together beautifully .
Nicole Holofcenter , the insightful writer\/director responsible for this illuminating comedy does n't wrap the proceedings up neatly but the ideas tie together beautifully
Niro performance
quite a comedy
quite a vision
quite a bit of heart ,
quite a bit of heart , as you would expect from the directors of The Little Mermaid and Aladdin
quite a bit of heart
If you 're part of her targeted audience , you 'll cheer . Otherwise , maybe .
If you can get past the taboo subject matter , it will be well worth your time .
If you can get past the taboo subject matter
If you can swallow its absurdities and crudities Lagaan really is enormously good fun .
as a visual treat
as a stylish and energetic one-shot
as a shocking history lesson
as a visual treat , the film is almost unsurpassed .
Stale first act , Scrooge story , blatant product placement , some very good comedic songs , strong finish
visual splendour
visual clarity
visual splendour that can be seen in other films
It 's usually a bad sign when directors abandon their scripts and go where the moment takes them , but Olympia , Wash. , based filmmakers Anne de Marcken and Marilyn Freeman did just that and it 's what makes their project so interesting .
boundless energy
bowser
you swinging from the trees hooting it 's praises
, I love it ... hell , I dunno .
beautifully orchestrates the transformation of the chilly , neurotic , and self-absorbed Martha as her heart begins to open .
beautiful people
because of the way it 's told by the people who were there
because it is aware of its own grasp of the absurd
beauty to make it unforgettable
the subtlest and most complexly evil Uncle Ralph
has an ` A ' list cast and some strong supporting players
biographical fantasia
biologically
biting and witty feature
stop time
This movie has the usual impossible stunts ...
This movie has the usual impossible stunts ... But it has just as many scenes that are lean and tough enough to fit in any modern action movie
This movie has the usual impossible stunts ... But it has just as many scenes that are lean and tough enough to fit in any modern action movie .
This new movie version of the Alexandre Dumas classic is the stuff of high romance , brought off with considerable wit .
hews out a world and carries us effortlessly from darkness to light
hero performances
heroic deserves a look
more powerful
more playful tone
more playful
scariest movies to come along in a long , long time , easily rivaling Blair Witch or The Others
scariest movies to come along in a long , long time , easily rivaling Blair Witch or The Others .
scarcely needs the subtitles to enjoy this colorful action farce .
scale a building
is needed to live a rich and full life
is n't trying simply to out-shock , out-outrage or out-depress its potential audience ! Who knew
is never less than engaging
is never lethargic
is needed to live a rich and full life .
what a concept
the imagination and hermetic analysis
is always possible
is amazing on a technical level
is amazing on a technical level .
is an engaging look at the controversial eponymous and fiercely atheistic hero
good actors
is an enjoyable family film -- pretty much aimed at any youngster who loves horses
is an enjoyable family film -- pretty much aimed at any youngster who loves horses .
captures the unsettled tenor of that post 9-11 period far better than a more measured or polished production ever could .
delectable
deft staging and the director 's well-known narrative gamesmanship
captures the complicated relationships in a marching band
captures that perverse element of the Kafkaesque where identity , overnight , is robbed and replaced with a persecuted '' other .
captures the unsettled tenor of that post 9-11 period far better
captures the unsettled tenor of that post 9-11 period far better than a more measured or polished production ever could
captures the complicated relationships in a marching band .
captures the innocence and budding demons within a wallflower
good and ambitious
good alternative
found its audience ,
something of considerable power
some will try
some who thought light-hearted comedy was his forte
something far richer
someone you want to see again
something likable about the Marquis de Sade
something likable
in the form of dazzling pop entertainment
in the knowledge imparted
the classics
the classic films of Jean Renoir
of being placed on any list of favorites
the cinematic collage Naqoyqatsi could be the most navel-gazing film ever .
screen with considerable appeal
screenplay to die for
A truly moving experience
A truly moving experience , and a perfect example of how art -- when done right -- can help heal ,
A thunderous ride at first , quiet cadences of pure finesse are few and far between ; their shortage dilutes the potency of otherwise respectable action . Still , this flick is fun , and host to some truly excellent sequences .
A thunderous ride
A thunderous ride at first , quiet cadences of pure finesse
A thoughtful , provocative , insistently humanizing film
A thoughtful , provocative , insistently humanizing film .
A taut , intelligent psychological drama .
try for the greatness
be my preferred way of spending 100 minutes or $ 7 . 00
with the gifted Pearce on hand to keep things on semi-stable ground dramatically , this retooled Machine is ultimately effective enough at achieving the modest , crowd-pleasing goals it sets for itself .
how a skillful filmmaker can impart a message without bludgeoning the audience over the head .
how comically
A fascinating examination of the joyous , turbulent self-discovery
A fascinating examination of the joyous , turbulent self-discovery made by a proper , middle-aged woman .
find yourself rooting for Gai 's character to avoid the fate that has befallen every other Carmen before her
find that real natural , even-flowing tone that few movies are able to accomplish
find that real natural , even-flowing tone
romanticization
rooting for the film
rolling musical back
Able to provide insight into a fascinating part of theater history .
vastly improved
vastly improved Germanic version
look at morality , family , and social expectation
cast the magnificent Jackie Chan
cast the magnificent Jackie Chan in a movie full of stunt doubles and special effects
have chemistry
have brought back the value and respect for the term epic cinema .
have brought back the value and respect for the term epic cinema
have been waiting my whole life for this movie
have been perfect for an old '' Twilight Zone '' episode
that can not help be entertained by the sight of someone getting away with something
is wild surreal stuff
is what has happened already to so many silent movies , newsreels and the like . The unexpected thing is that its dying , in this shower of black-and-white psychedelia , is quite beautiful .
is what George Orwell might have imagined had today 's mood-altering drug therapy been envisioned by chemists in 1949 .
is what has happened already to so many silent movies , newsreels and the like . The unexpected thing is that its dying , in this shower of black-and-white psychedelia , is quite beautiful
A flawed but engrossing thriller .
A flawed but engrossing thriller
A first-class , thoroughly involving B movie
A fine production with splendid singing by Angela Gheorghiu , Ruggero Raimondi , and Roberto Alagna .
A fine production with splendid singing by Angela Gheorghiu , Ruggero Raimondi , and Roberto Alagna
A fine production with splendid singing
A first-class , thoroughly involving B movie that effectively combines two surefire , beloved genres -- the prison flick and the fight film .
A first-class , thoroughly involving B movie that effectively combines two surefire , beloved genres -- the prison flick and the fight film
A first-class , thoroughly involving B movie that effectively combines two surefire , beloved genres --
A first-class , thoroughly involving B movie that effectively combines two surefire , beloved genres
to make it shine
to make it far more satisfying than almost any horror film in recent memory
to make a great one
to make her heroine 's book sound convincing , the gender-war ideas original , or the comic scenes fly
is not easily dismissed or forgotten .
is not only a love song to the movies
is not a stereotypical one of self-discovery , as she 's already comfortable enough in her own skin to be proud of her Rubenesque physique
the right b-movie frame
itself is about something very interesting and odd that
the big time
the blacklight crowd , way cheaper ( and better )
music and life
the right b-movie
the subtlest and most complexly evil Uncle Ralph I 've ever seen in the many film
you 'll be glad you went along for the ride
Amari has dressed up this little parable in a fairly irresistible package full of privileged moments and memorable performances .
Ally McBeal-style fantasy sequences
Allows us to hope that Nolan is poised to embark a major career as a commercial yet inventive filmmaker .
Ally
Although fairly involving as far as it goes
a very compelling , sensitive , intelligent and almost cohesive piece of film entertainment
a very compelling , sensitive , intelligent and almost cohesive piece
a very ambitious project for a fairly inexperienced filmmaker
a very ambitious project
this is a refreshingly novel ride .
this is even better than The Fellowship .
Mostly honest
Mostly honest , this somber picture reveals itself slowly , intelligently , artfully .
Most thrillers send audiences out talking about specific scary scenes or startling moments ; '' Frailty '' leaves us with the terrifying message that the real horror may be waiting for us at home
Most thrillers send audiences out talking about specific scary scenes or startling moments ; '' Frailty '' leaves us with the terrifying message that the real horror may be waiting for us at home .
Mostly Martha will leave you with a smile on your face and a grumble in your stomach .
It 's all about Anakin ... and the lustrous polished visuals rich in color and creativity and , of course , special effect .
It 's a wise and powerful tale of race and culture forcefully told , with superb performances throughout .
It 's a visual delight and a decent popcorn adventure , as long as you do n't try to look too deep into the story
It 's a treat watching Shaw , a British stage icon , melting under the heat of Phocion 's attentions .
It 's affecting , amusing , sad and reflective .
It 's about individual moments of mood , and an aimlessness that 's actually sort of amazing .
It 's a wonderful , sobering , heart-felt drama .
are quite funny ,
of what is in many ways a fresh and dramatically substantial spin on the genre
are presented in convincing way
are pure Hollywood
are quite funny
Zhang 's last film , the cuddly Shower ,
Zhang ... has done an amazing job of getting realistic performances from his mainly nonprofessional cast .
a coming-of-age story and cautionary parable
end up walking out not only satisfied but also somewhat touched
endearing and well-lensed
ending surprise
consistently intelligent
constant edge
consistency
considered as a possible successor to the best European directors
E.T. remains the most wondrous of all Hollywood fantasies -- and the apex of Steven Spielberg 's misunderstood career .
E.T. works because its flabbergasting principals , 14-year-old Robert MacNaughton , 6-year-old Drew Barrymore and 10-year-old Henry Thomas , convince us of the existence of the wise , wizened visitor from a faraway planet .
Earnest but heavy-handed
a gourmet meal
that he 's now , more than ever , choosing his roles with the precision of the insurance actuary
inspired humour
tries its best
that have reinvigorated the romance genre
the year 's most accomplished and riveting film performances
Eileen Walsh , an engaging , wide-eyed actress whose teeth are a little too big for her mouth , infuses the movie with much of its slender , glinting charm .
Eisenstein delivers .
Either a fascinating study of the relationship between mothers and their children or a disturbing story about sociopaths and their marks
the exotic surface ( and exotic dancing )
thoroughly involving
that has something to say
Huston performance
with humor and a few fanciful touches
'' worth
Well-made
Well-made but mush-hearted .
Well-meant
with his affection for Astoria and its people he has given his tale a warm glow
, these components combine into one terrific story with lots of laughs
, this Nicholas Nickleby finds itself in reduced circumstances -- and , also like its hero , it remains brightly optimistic , coming through in the end .
inspiring and pure
In its best moments
the summer 's most pleasurable movies
a case of ` Sacre bleu ! ' than ` Magnifique '
glee
gives it that extra little something that makes it worth checking out at theaters , especially if you 're in the mood for something more comfortable than challenging
gives it that extra little something that makes it worth checking out at theaters
gives it that extra little something that makes it worth checking out at theaters ,
it jumps through the expected hoops with style and even some depth
it is just about right
want you to enjoy yourselves without feeling conned .
comradeship and community
comradeship
concerned about the future of an elderly , mentally handicapped family member .
... an eerily suspenseful , deeply absorbing piece that works as a treatise on spirituality as well as a solid sci-fi thriller .
Ratliff 's two previous titles , Plutonium Circus and Purgatory County show his penchant for wry , contentious configurations , and this film is part of that delicate canon .
Read My Lips with such provocative material
, one enjoys seeing Joan grow from awkward young woman to strong , determined monarch
attempts and often achieves a level of connection and concern
What 's so striking about Jolie 's performance
What 's so striking about Jolie 's performance is that she never lets her character become a caricature -- not even with that radioactive hair .
right-on satiric humor
right-on
Old-fashioned but thoroughly satisfying entertainment .
Old-fashioned but thoroughly satisfying entertainment
by an intelligent screenplay and gripping performances
by an important director who has something new to say about how , in the flip-flop of courtship , we often reel in when we should be playing out
with honest performances and exceptional detail
a shock-you-into-laughter intensity of almost Dadaist proportions
a show forged in still-raw emotions
A well-acted movie
allowing us to find the small , human moments , and
allowing us to find the small , human moments , and leaving off with a grand whimper
allowing us to find the small , human moments ,
, Murder hits and generally sustains a higher plateau with Bullock 's memorable first interrogation of Gosling .
the very best movies
... is inspiring , ironic , and revelatory of just how ridiculous and money-oriented the record industry really is . It is also a testament to the integrity and vision of the band .
... makes a great impression as the writer-director of this little $ 1 .
... has done an amazing job of getting realistic performances from his mainly nonprofessional cast .
... is at 22 a powerful young actor .
... gets vivid performances from her cast and pulls off some deft Ally McBeal-style fantasy sequences .
... embodies the character with an effortlessly regal charisma .
... demonstrates a wry understanding of the quirks of fame . His healthy sense of satire is light and fun ...
... does full honor to Miyazaki 's teeming and often unsettling landscape , and to the conflicted complexity of his characters .
of pure movie
of pun and entendre and its attendant
of purpose and taste
much colorful eye candy
much colorful
much colorful eye candy , including the spectacle of Gere in his dancing shoes
much about the ownership and redefinition of myth
much better documentary
a poignant and wryly amusing film about mothers , daughters and their relationships
hairline ,
would surely have called this gutsy and at times exhilarating movie a great yarn
of the intriguing premise
, I enjoyed .
The production has been made with an enormous amount of affection ,
keep the extremes of screwball farce and blood-curdling family intensity on one continuum
keep the film entertaining
keep people going in this crazy life
keep it entertaining
keep our interest
than its sunny disposition
There are some movies that hit you from the first scene and you know it 's going to be a trip . Igby Goes Down is one of those movies .
There are some movies that hit you from the first scene
There are scenes of cinematic perfection that steal your heart away
There are some movies that hit you from the first scene and you know it 's going to be a trip .
There are n't many conclusive answers in the film , but there is an interesting story of pointed personalities
There are n't many conclusive answers in the film , but there is an interesting story of pointed personalities , courage , tragedy and the little guys vs . the big guys .
There are n't many conclusive answers in the film , but there is an interesting story of pointed personalities , courage , tragedy and the little guys vs . the big guys
a big musical number like ` Praise the Lord , He 's the God of Second Chances '
a big , tender hug
the occasional bursts
the local flavour with a hugely enjoyable film about changing times , clashing cultures and the pleasures of a well-made pizza
the magic he 's spun with the Hollywood empress of Ms. Leoni 's Ellie
the magic of author J.K. Rowling 's books
priceless entertainment
priceless
pristine
prime
the wacky talent that brought him fame in the first place
to Elmer Bernstein 's perfectly melodic score
y la cinta lo comprueba
seems like a minor miracle that its septuagenarian star is young enough to be the nonagenarian filmmaker 's son , more incredible
succeed in producing that most frightening of all movies -- a mediocre horror film too bad to be good and too good to be bad
succeed in its quest to be taken seriously
succeeds as a powerful look at a failure of our justice system
succeeded in
succeed in really rattling the viewer
succeeds in entertaining
succeeds as a powerful look at a failure of our justice system .
its courage , ideas , technical proficiency
its courage , ideas ,
its courageousness ,
its courageousness , and
its courage , ideas , technical proficiency and great acting
are sweet and believable
tingle
makes an amazing breakthrough in her first starring role and eats up the screen
makes for unexpectedly giddy viewing
makes for a riveting movie experience
makes for unexpectedly giddy viewing .
of lives lived in a state of quiet desperation
of lives
of light-heartedness , that makes it attractive throughout
an English-language copy of the film that inspired it
an Asian landscape painting
Edited and shot with a syncopated style mimicking the work of his subjects , Pray turns the idea of the documentary on its head , making it rousing , invigorating fun lacking any MTV puffery .
Edited and shot with a syncopated style mimicking the work of his subjects
Effective
Emerges as something rare , an issue movie that 's so honest and keenly observed that it does n't feel like one .
Emerges as something rare
because Sandler , liberated from the constraints of formula , reveals unexpected depths as an actor
because the attention is on the nuances of the emotional development of the delicate characters
because it thinks the gamble is worth the promise
all excited about a chocolate eclair
her natural gifts
because the owners seem fully aware of the uses and abuses of fame , it 's a pleasure to enjoy their eccentricities
the euphoria
because the owners seem fully aware of the uses and abuses of fame , it 's a pleasure to enjoy their eccentricities .
tense with suspense . The Ring never lets you off the hook .
finally have the worthy successor to A Better Tomorrow and The Killer which they have been patiently waiting for .
will just as likely make you weep
will leave the theater believing they have seen a comedy .
will leave the theater believing they have seen a comedy
the picture 's cleverness
the performances that come with it
the pleasures of a slightly naughty , just-above-average off - broadway play
a terrific American sports movie
a talented director
a sucker for a good old fashion romance and someone who shamelessly loves to eat , then Mostly Martha offers all the perfect ingredients to more than satisfy your appetite .
a sucker for a good old fashion romance and someone who shamelessly loves to eat , then Mostly Martha
a strong performance
a sort of comfort food for the mind
a strong performance from Zhao
Argento
Ararat is fiercely intelligent and uncommonly ambitious .
accomplished .
accomplished portrayals
thanks to some clever writing and sprightly acting
since , well ,
sincerity and
the performances and the cinematography to the outstanding soundtrack and unconventional narrative
Imperfect ? Yes , but also intriguing and honorable , a worthwhile addition to a distinguished film legacy .
Importance
Immersing us in the endlessly inventive , fiercely competitive world of hip-hop DJs , the project is sensational and revelatory , even if scratching makes you itch .
Immersing
for those with at least a minimal appreciation of Woolf and Clarissa Dalloway , The Hours represents two of those well spent
for the whole family . Maybe not a classic
for the whole family .
that we believe that that 's exactly what these two people need to find each other
is a blast of educational energy ,
is a film well
that will engage anyone with a passing interest in the skate\/surf culture
that will have you at the edge of your seat for long stretches
is Carion 's debut feature but his script and direction hums with a confidence
is a blast of educational energy
pastel landscapes
of true minds
that made Mamet 's `` House of Games '' and last fall 's `` Heist '' so much fun
this date-night diversion will definitely win some hearts
more graceful
more fascinating
more comfortable
Miller , Kuras and the actresses
Miller comes at film with bracing intelligence and a vision both painterly and literary .
Mike shoots and scores
The film starts out as competent but unremarkable ... and gradually grows into something of considerable power .
The film often achieves a mesmerizing poetry .
The film is painfully authentic , and the performances of the young players are utterly convincing .
The film is just a big , gorgeous , mind-blowing , breath-taking mess .
The film runs on equal parts of innocence and wisdom -- wisdom that comes with experience . It has fun being grown up .
The film runs on equal parts of innocence and wisdom -- wisdom that comes with experience .
The film runs on equal parts of innocence and wisdom
Scooby Doo is surely everything its fans are hoping it will be , and in that sense is a movie that deserves recommendation .
Schrader relies on subtle ironies and visual devices to convey point of view .
Schnitzler does a fine job contrasting the sleekness of the film 's present with the playful paranoia of the film 's past .
Scooby -- you 'll love this movie .
packed with just as much intelligence as action
a free ticket
kids should have a stirring time at this beautifully drawn movie .
kids should have a stirring time at this beautifully drawn movie
kids should have a stirring time at this beautifully drawn movie . and adults will at least have a dream image of the west to savor whenever the film 's lamer instincts are in the saddle
kids should have a stirring time at this beautifully drawn movie . and
kind
kids should have a stirring time at this beautifully drawn movie . and adults will at least have a dream image of the west to savor whenever the film 's lamer instincts are in the saddle .
known as ' a perfect family film , ' because it 's about family
remarkable amount
remarkable achival film
's Barbershop
remarkable and memorable
remarkable and
Somewhat blurred , but Kinnear 's performance is razor sharp .
how the film knows what 's unique and quirky about Canadians
the wacky talent
, starring Ben Affleck , seem downright Hitchcockian
old-fashioned entertainment
, solid , kinetically-charged spy flick worthy
ol'
, solid storytelling .
the dialogue is realistic and greatly moving . The scope of the Silberstein family
the compact 86 minutes breezes by
the crew wonder if they 're ghosts imagining themselves as alive . It 's a sly wink to The Others without becoming a postmodern joke
engaging . Oh
engaging .
Invincible is a wonderful movie .
Invincible
Is Beautiful
firmly believe that a good video game movie is going to show up soon .
give director Roger Michell , best known for the superfluous Notting Hill , credit for trying
give in to the urge to get on your feet and shake it
given his tale a warm glow
convey a sense of childhood imagination
's well
's well worth a rental
's well worth a rental .
's why Sex and Lucia is so alluring
's wise enough to recognize that there are few things in this world more complex -- and , as it turns out , more fragile -- than happiness
Maud and Roland 's search for an unknowable past makes for a haunting literary detective story
Marvelous
Marvelous , merry and , yes , melancholy film .
Marvel version
there 's a way to effectively teach kids about the dangers of drugs
there 's still a lot of life in Hong Kong cinema
structured and well-realized
structured and
strong impression
strong as always
string together enough charming moments to work
its ample charms should win over the most hard-hearted cynics
its ample charms
it worthwhile
it was two centuries ago
it wins you over .
it wins you over
Impeccably
Impeccably filmed
Imagine O . Henry
so intimate and sensual and funny and psychologically self-revealing
a guy who has waited three years with breathless anticipation for a new Hal Hartley movie to pore over
a guilty pleasure to watch
a gritty style and an excellent cast
an emotional wallop
a curiously stylized , quasi-Shakespearean portrait of pure misogynist evil
a cut above the rest
is duly impressive in IMAX dimensions ,
companion
common sense
commanding
Its story about a young Chinese woman , Ah Na , who has come to New York City to replace past tragedy with the American Dream is one that any art-house moviegoer is likely to find compelling .
Its story about a young Chinese woman , Ah Na , who has come to New York City to replace past tragedy with the American Dream
Its story
Its spirit of iconoclastic abandon -- however canned -- makes for unexpectedly giddy viewing .
Its use of the thriller form to examine the labyrinthine ways in which people 's lives cross and change , buffeted by events seemingly out of their control
Its use of the thriller form to examine the labyrinthine ways in which people 's lives cross and change ,
which I thought was rather clever
Has an uppity musical beat that you can dance to
Has an uppity musical beat that you can dance to ,
lies not in the mysterious spring but in the richness of its performances .
life and death
lies in the utter cuteness of Stuart and Margolo . Their computer-animated faces are very expressive .
lies in the utter cuteness of Stuart and Margolo . Their computer-animated faces are very expressive
a remarkably cohesive whole , both visually and thematically
a remarkably cohesive whole , both visually and thematically ,
a remarkably cohesive whole , both visually and thematically , through their consistently sensitive and often exciting treatment of an ignored people
a remarkably faithful one
a remarkably cohesive whole
a remarkably cohesive whole ,
has its rewards
of Wladyslaw Szpilman , who is not only a pianist , but a good human being
A solidly entertaining little film
A solidly entertaining
A soul-stirring documentary
A solidly entertaining little film .
A soul-stirring documentary about the Israeli\/Palestinian conflict as
Hot and the John Wayne classics
Hossein
second round to see the subtleties of Ramsay 's portrait of grief
's a rare window on an artistic collaboration
highly pleasurable
the lively , convincing dialogue
thanks to strong , credible performances from the whole cast
rather brilliant little cult item
the picture hosts a parka-wrapped dose of heart .
highly gifted 12-year-old
the potency of otherwise respectable action .
provides a tenacious demonstration of death as the great equalizer
provides a nice change of mindless pace in collision
provides a nice change of mindless pace in collision with the hot Oscar season currently underway
provide the funniest moments in this oddly sweet comedy about jokester highway patrolmen .
thanks to strong , credible performances from the whole
provides an invaluable service by sparking debate
provides an invaluable service by sparking debate and
Leonard '' just seems to kinda
Leon Barlow .
Lee seems just as expectant of an adoring , wide-smiling reception
outright bodice-ripper
thankfully manages to outshine the role and successfully plays the foil to Willis 's world-weary colonel .
a documentary -- just
is to be viewed and treasured for its extraordinary intelligence and originality as well as its lyrical variations on the game of love .
is to be viewed and treasured for its extraordinary intelligence and originality as well as its lyrical variations on the game of love
second chapter
radiant , grimly purposeful and mildly alarmed
most inventive
most enjoyable releases
most multilayered and sympathetic female characters
most mornings
than to employ Hollywood kids and people who owe
thankfully goes easy on the reel\/real world dichotomy that ( Jaglom ) pursued with such enervating determination in Venice\/Venice .
The film is insightful about Kissinger 's background and history .
seen that still manages to be uplifting but not overly sentimental
good and ambitious film
turns the goose-pimple genre on its empty head and fills it with spirit , purpose and emotionally bruised characters who add up to more than body count .
good actors ,
good actors , good poetry and
good actors , good poetry
good actors , good poetry and good music
turns out to be clever , amusing and unpredictable
sweeping and gliding
sweet , honest , and enjoyable comedy-drama
sweet and romantic
swept away '' is the one hour and thirty-three minutes
swinging from the trees hooting it 's praises
it looks pretty
it marks him as one of the most interesting writer\/directors working today
presents visceral and dangerously honest revelations about the men and machines behind the curtains of our planet .
presents visceral and dangerously honest revelations about the men and machines behind the curtains of our planet
presents this utterly ridiculous shaggy dog story as one of the most creative , energetic and original comedies to hit the screen in years .
Funny ,
Funny , somber , absurd , and , finally , achingly sad
Funny , somber , absurd , and , finally , achingly sad ,
Fun ,
Fun , flip and terribly hip bit of cinematic entertainment
Funny , somber , absurd , and , finally , achingly sad , Bartleby is a fine , understated piece of filmmaking .
Funny but perilously slight .
stunning fusion
stunning images and effects
stunning , Taxi Driver-esque portrayal
jovial
that steal your heart away
's a smart , solid , kinetically-charged spy flick worthy of a couple hours of summertime and a bucket of popcorn .
The film is filled with humorous observations about the general absurdity of modern life as seen through the eyes outsiders ,
with honest performances and realistic interaction between the characters , this is a coming-of-age story with a twist
with honest performances and realistic interaction between the characters , this is a coming-of-age story with a twist .
with his affection for Astoria and its people
with his affection for Astoria and its people he has given his tale a warm glow .
Newton draws our attention like a magnet , and acts circles around her better known co-star , Mark Wahlberg .
Nemesis together indulge the force of humanity over hardware in a way that George Lucas has long forgotten .
The film is filled with humorous observations about the general absurdity of modern life as seen through the eyes outsiders
highlighted by Kwan 's unique directing style
Jolting into Charleston rhythms , the story has the sizzle of old news that has finally found the right vent ( accurate ? Who cares ? ) .
directed with resonance
had more faith in the dramatic potential of this true story
the awe in which it holds itself
to take us to that elusive , lovely place where we suspend our disbelief
an Alfred Hitchcock movie
an Actress is an utterly charming French comedy that feels so American in sensibility and style
The film is filled with humorous observations about the general absurdity of modern life as seen through the eyes outsiders , but deftly manages to avoid many of the condescending stereotypes that so often plague films dealing with the mentally ill
see Seinfeld griping about the biz with buddies Chris Rock , Garry Shandling and Colin Quinn
the sexy razzle-dazzle
the sheer beauty of his images
the sheer beauty
the shocking conclusion
Spielberg is the rare director who does not want to invite viewers to gawk at or applaud his special effects . He just wants them to be part of the action , the wallpaper of his chosen reality . Here , thankfully
Spielberg is the rare director who does not want to invite viewers to gawk at or applaud his special effects . He just wants them to be part of the action , the wallpaper of his chosen reality . Here , thankfully , they are .
The cast is uniformly excellent ...
The cast is uniformly excellent
The cast is uniformly excellent ... but the film itself is merely mildly charming
the story feels like the logical , unforced continuation of the careers of a pair of spy kids
Mr . Tsai is a very original artist in his medium ,
The metaphors are provocative , but
has layered , well-developed characters and some surprises .
has layered , well-developed characters and some surprises
has just as many scenes that are lean and tough enough to fit in any modern action movie
has its rewards .
The metaphors are provocative
The metaphors are provocative ,
his most ardent fans
's a sweet , laugh-a-minute crowd pleaser that lifts your spirits as well as the corners of your mouth .
's a technically superb film , shining with all the usual Spielberg flair , expertly utilizing the talents of his top-notch creative team
's a sweet , laugh-a-minute crowd pleaser that lifts your spirits as well as the corners of your mouth
's a rare window on an artistic collaboration .
's a satisfying summer blockbuster and worth a look
's a satisfying summer blockbuster and worth a look .
crossed with John Carpenter 's Ghosts of Mars , with zombies
cross-promotion
, energy and geniality to please not only the fanatical adherents on either side , but also people who know nothing about the subject and think they 're not interested .
, entertaining comedy
, energetic and sweetly whimsical
, even after the most awful acts are committed , is an overwhelming sadness that feels as if it has made its way into your very bloodstream .
, entertaining thriller
Mr . Spielberg and his company just want you to enjoy yourselves without feeling conned . And they succeed merrily at their noble endeavor
a valentine sealed with a kiss
a vampire
a very good movie
a very good movie in any objective sense
should go for movie theaters
Sillier , cuter
Signs is a tribute to Shyamalan 's gifts , which are such that we 'll keep watching the skies for his next project .
Shyamalan 's gifts ,
Shyamalan 's gifts , which are such that we 'll keep watching the skies for his next project
Shyamalan takes a potentially trite and overused concept ( aliens come to Earth ) and infuses it into a rustic , realistic , and altogether creepy tale of hidden invasion .
of-the-week
of your relatives
a fascinating glimpse of urban life
a fascinating glimpse
ballsy and
, some things are immune to the folly of changing taste and attitude . For proof of that on the cinematic front , look no further than this 20th anniversary edition of the film that Spielberg calls , retrospectively , his most personal work yet .
transform Caviezel
a fantastic movie
This is as powerful a set of evidence as you 'll ever find of why art matters , and how it can resonate far beyond museum walls and through to the most painfully marginal lives .
This is a story of two misfits who do n't stand a chance alone
This is a terrific character study , a probe into the life of a complex man .
This is a very fine movie -- go see it .
This is art paying homage to art .
This is Carion 's debut feature but his script and direction hums with a confidence that many spend entire careers trying to reach .
This is a happy throwback to the time when cartoons were cinema 's most idiosyncratic form instead of one of its most predictable .
This is a raw and disturbing tale that took five years to make
stronger
greatest
And Lee seems just as expectant of an adoring , wide-smiling reception .
It leaves little doubt that Kidman has become one of our best actors .
'll probably see a bit of yourself in her unfinished story
'll love this documentary .
The premise of '' Abandon '' holds promise ,
to shattering and featuring some of the year 's best acting
consistently sensitive and often exciting
consistently sensitive and often exciting treatment
consistently sensitive
consistently sensitive and
consistently funny , in an irresistible junior-high way , and
consistently funny , in an irresistible junior-high way , and consistently free
by a bravura performance
giant William Randolph Hearst
great insight
do n't feel the least bit ashamed in admitting that my enjoyment came at the expense of seeing justice served , even if it 's a dish that 's best served cold
about the people who live in them , who have carved their own comfortable niche in the world and have been kind enough to share it
an overwhelmingly positive portrayal
an ounce of honest poetry
an overwhelming pleasure
on the basis of the wisdom , and at times , the startling optimism , of the children
great yarn
comedy that also asks its audience -- in a heartwarming , nonjudgmental kind of way -- to consider what we value in our daily lives
rollicking
roles that magnify her outrageous charm
riveting conviction
road movie , coming-of-age story and
greater
road movie , coming-of-age story and political satire
roaring success
encourage young and old alike to go see this unique and entertaining twist on the classic whale 's tale
encompasses a potent metaphor for a country still dealing with its fascist past
as subtle and touching as The Son 's Room
as subtle and as enigmatic
as temptingly easy as it would have been with this premise
as temptingly easy
's something about a marching band that gets me where I live .
's something of the ultimate Scorsese film
When your leading ladies are a couple of screen-eating dominatrixes like Goldie Hawn and Susan Sarandon at their raunchy best
When your leading ladies are a couple of screen-eating dominatrixes like Goldie Hawn and Susan Sarandon at their raunchy best , even hokum goes down easily .
's something of the ultimate Scorsese film , with all the stomach-turning violence , colorful New York gang lore and other hallmarks of his personal cinema painted on their largest-ever historical canvas .
's something there
's something there .
When it really counts ... Bloody Sunday connects on a visceral level that transcends language .
What it lacks in originality it makes up for in intelligence and B-grade stylishness .
What makes the movie a comedy is the way it avoids the more serious emotions involved .
quirky and funny
this crazy life
Kevin Bray excels
Ki-Deok
this deeply moving French drama
to think about the ways we consume pop culture
to this engaging mix of love and bloodletting
begins with the everyday lives of naval personnel in San Diego and ends with scenes so true and heartbreaking that tears welled up in my eyes both times I
Unlike most surf movies , Blue Crush thrillingly uses modern technology to take the viewer inside the wave . By the end you ca n't help but feel ` stoked . '
Unlike most anime , whose most ardent fans outside Japan seem to be introverted young men with fantasy fetishes , Metropolis never seems hopelessly juvenile .
Unlike lots of Hollywood fluff
Unlike lots of Hollywood fluff , this has layered , well-developed characters and some surprises .
begins to yield some interesting results .
decided to leave a light on every night from now on
accomplished work
accomplished actress
accomplishes its primary goal without the use of special effects , but rather by emphasizing the characters
accomplishes its primary goal
accomplish what few sequels can
that made A Walk to Remember a niche hit
that made the first film so special
has given his tale a warm glow
spectator
see a cartoon that knows what it is , and knows the form 's history
This is a raw and disturbing tale that took five years to make , and the trio 's absorbing narrative is a heart-wrenching showcase indeed .
has managed elements such as sound and cinematography with skill
worth seeing , talking and singing heads and all
does all of this , and more
does all of this , and more , while remaining one of the most savagely hilarious social critics this side of Jonathan Swift .
does all of this , and more , while remaining one of the most savagely hilarious social critics this side of Jonathan Swift
does `` Lilo & Stitch '' reach the emotion or timelessness of Disney 's great past , or even that of more recent successes such as `` Mulan '' or `` Tarzan .
does a fine job contrasting the sleekness of the film 's present with the playful paranoia of the film 's past . '
at the future than `` Bladerunner '' and one of the most high-concept sci fi adventures attempted for the screen
is the best little `` horror '' movie I 've seen in years .
is the best little `` horror '' movie I 've seen in years
is that there 's a casual intelligence that permeates the script .
of the most complex , generous and subversive artworks of the last decade
of the most appealing movies ever made about an otherwise appalling , and downright creepy , subject -- a teenage boy in love with his stepmother
of the most creative , energetic and original comedies to hit the screen in years
of the most genuinely sweet films
of the most entertaining Bonds in years
of the most politically audacious films of recent decades
of the most ravaging , gut-wrenching , frightening war scenes since '' Saving Private Ryan ''
like having an old friend for dinner '
saw Knockaround Guys yesterday
comedic
comedic grand
comedic employment
comes
that it makes you forgive every fake , dishonest , entertaining and , ultimately , more perceptive moment in Bridget Jones 's Diary
's rare in film
's so honest and keenly observed
's solid and affecting and exactly as thought-provoking
's obviously struck a responsive chord with many South Koreans , and
The film has a terrific look and Salma Hayek has a feel for the character at all stages of her life .
The film has a terrific look and Salma Hayek has a feel for the character at all stages of her life
The film has a terrific look and
The film has a terrific look
The film exudes the urbane sweetness that Woody Allen seems to have bitterly forsaken .
The film brilliantly shines on all the characters , as the direction is intelligently accomplished .
The film aims to be funny , uplifting and moving , sometimes all at once . The extent to which it succeeds is impressive .
The film 's welcome breeziness and
The film has several strong performances .
you to enjoy yourselves without feeling conned .
careful period attention as well as some very welcome wit
careful period attention
be a prize winner
captures the hotel lobbies , two-lane highways , and roadside cafes that permeate Vincent 's days
capture the complexity of a big family and its trials and tribulations
captures the maddening and magnetic ebb and flow of friendship .
captures the maddening and magnetic ebb and flow of friendship
recommend it enough
Kouyate elicits strong performances from his cast , and he delivers a powerful commentary on how governments lie , no matter who runs them .
recommend the film
as we might be interested in gratuitous sexualization
plan on the perfect ending
recommend this film
For the first time in several years , Mr. Allen has surpassed himself with the magic he 's spun with the Hollywood empress of Ms. Leoni 's Ellie .
She allows each character to confront their problems openly and honestly .
Sharp edges and a deep vein of sadness
Sharp edges and a deep vein of sadness run through its otherwise comic narrative .
a few big laughs
inter-species
surprisingly charming and even witty match
The premise of '' Abandon '' holds promise , ... but
as you are watching them , and the slow parade of human frailty fascinates you
The premise of '' Abandon '' holds promise , ...
it 's savvy about celebrity and has more guts and energy than much of what will open this year
goes right
is the rare common-man artist who 's wise enough to recognize that there are few things in this world more complex -- and , as it turns out , more fragile -- than happiness
is the rare common-man artist who 's wise enough to recognize that there are few things in this world more complex -- and , as it turns out , more fragile -- than happiness .
is the phenomenal , water-born cinematography by David Hennings
is the phenomenal , water-born cinematography by David Hennings .
is the score , as in the songs translate well to film
're each interesting
the slapstick antics and silly street patois
is most commonly case with projects such noble and lofty ambitions
is more worshipful than your random E ! True Hollywood Story
is more original
is more than just a filmed opera
Its scenes and sensibility are all more than familiar , but it exudes a kind of nostalgic spy-movie charm and , at the same time , is so fresh and free of the usual thriller nonsense that it all seems to be happening for the first time
Its mysteries are transparently obvious , and it 's too slowly paced to be a thriller . ( But it 's ) worth recommending because of two marvelous performances by Michael Caine and Brendan Fraser
a majestic achievement , an epic of astonishing grandeur and surprising emotional depth
watching these two actors play against each other so intensely , but with restraint , is a treat .
watching these two actors play against each other so intensely , but with restraint , is a treat
a larger-than-life figure ,
a larger-than-life figure
não convence
the gravitational pull
the great minds of our times
the great minds
the great equalizer that can calm us of our daily ills and bring out joys in our lives that we never knew
the greatest films
casting Mick Jagger as director of the escort service was inspired
America 's skin-deep notions of pulchritude
America 's skin-deep notions
casting , often resurrecting performers who rarely work in movies now ... and drawing flavorful performances from bland actors
Francophiles
Francophiles will snicker knowingly
The wonderfully lush Morvern Callar
navigate spaces both large ... and small ... with considerable aplomb
bold ' revelation
fling
flickering reminders of the ties that bind us
to see again
pleasing the crowds
The experience of going to a film festival is a rewarding one ;
The experience of going to a film festival is a rewarding one
cocktail
Colorful , energetic and sweetly whimsical
quirkiness , eccentricity ,
quirkiness , eccentricity , and certain individuals ' tendency to let it all hang out , and
quirkiness , eccentricity , and certain individuals ' tendency to let it all hang out ,
quirky , off-beat project
` Silence of the Lambs ' better than ` Hannibal '
a kind
on some solid performances and witty dialogue
tiny camera enables Shafer to navigate spaces both large ... and small ... with considerable aplomb
powerful and satisfying
is a dazzling , remarkably unpretentious reminder of what ( Evans ) had , lost , and got back .
is a dazzling , remarkably unpretentious reminder of what ( Evans ) had , lost , and got back
is a compelling quest for truth
is a compliment to Kuras and Miller . If I had been thinking about the visual medium , they would have been doing something wrong .
is a creepy slice of gothic rural Americana .
may well be the most comprehensive of these films and also strike closest to the truth .
may well be the most comprehensive of these films and also strike closest to the truth
A winning comedy with its wry observations
A winning comedy with its wry observations about long-lived friendships and the ways in which we all lose track of ourselves by trying
A wild ride of a movie that keeps throwing fastballs .
A wild ride juiced with enough energy and excitement for at least three films .
A wild ride of a movie that keeps throwing fastballs
A winning and wildly fascinating work .
A winning comedy
A wild ride with eight boarders from Venice Beach that was a deserved co-winner of the Audience Award for documentaries at the Sundance Film Festival .
A winning and wildly fascinating work
that is faithful to both architectural glories and commanding open spaces of the city as it was more than two centuries ago
a lovely , eerie film
a loved one
a lovely , sad dance
a lovely , eerie film that casts an odd , rapt spell
a low , smoky and inviting sizzle
a lovely , sad dance highlighted by Kwan 's unique directing style
a low-key , organic way that encourages you to accept it as life and go with its flow
a low-key , organic way
Consistently clever and suspenseful
the whimsy is in the mixture , the intoxicating masala , of cultures and film genres
a kind of nostalgic spy-movie charm
spiced
the wholesome twist
1 drips with style and , at times , blood
10 minutes into the film you 'll be white-knuckled and unable to look away .
112-minute
Definitely in the guilty pleasure B-movie category , Reign of Fire is so incredibly inane that it is laughingly enjoyable .
Definitely a crowd-pleaser , but then , so was the Roman Colosseum .
Definitely in the guilty pleasure B-movie category
Deliberately and devotedly constructed
Deliberately and devotedly constructed , Far from Heaven is too picture postcard perfect , too neat and new pin-like , too obviously a recreation to resonate .
Demme gets a lot of flavor and spice into his Charade remake
cutesy romance ,
cutesy romance
cutes
cuteness , Amy 's career success ( she 's a best-selling writer of self-help books who ca n't help herself ) , and
cuteness , Amy 's career success ( she 's a best-selling writer of self-help books who ca n't help herself )
Hoffman keeps us riveted with every painful nuance , unexpected flashes of dark comedy and the character 's gripping humanity .
mildly entertaining
might have been tighter
, if good-hearted , movie .
, in the hands of a brutally honest individual like Prophet Jack ,
, imaginative filmmaking
an intermingling of naiveté and sophistication
an interesting topic ,
an interesting topic , some intriguing characters
an interesting topic , some intriguing characters and
an interesting topic , some intriguing characters and a sad ending
no real surprises -- but still quite tasty and inviting all the same
a magnificent
a magnificent landscape
a magnificent landscape to create a feature film that is wickedly fun to watch
sits in the place where a masterpiece should be
sits in the place where a masterpiece should be .
In the process , they demonstrate that there 's still a lot of life in Hong Kong cinema .
A stunning and overwhelmingly cogent case
A stunning and overwhelmingly cogent case for Kissinger as a calculating war
A study in shades of gray
A study in shades of gray , offering itself up in subtle plot maneuvers ...
A startling and fresh examination of how the bike still remains an ambiguous icon in Chinese society .
A spunky , original take on a theme that will resonate with singles of many ages .
A startling and fresh examination
certainly does n't disappoint
A stunning piece
Frida 's artistic brilliance is undeniable -- it 's among the most breathtakingly designed films I 've ever seen
( sometimes hilarious )
of a Hubert Selby Jr .
of a Golden Book sprung to life
of ` the King , ' it also
worth a peek
worldly-wise and very funny script
pokes , provokes ,
pokes , provokes
poise
pokes , provokes , takes expressionistic license
stately sense
stay in touch with your own skin
's something of the ultimate Scorsese film , with all the stomach-turning violence , colorful New York gang lore and other hallmarks of his personal cinema painted on their largest-ever historical canvas
What might have been a predictably heartwarming tale is suffused with complexity .
's something vital about the movie
the kind of lush , all-enveloping movie experience
the kind of genuine depth
Frailty '' has been written so well , that even a simple '' Goddammit ! '' near the end takes on a whole other meaning
cross between Highlander and Lolita
this gutsy and at times exhilarating movie
this gutsy and
this crowd-pleaser 's fresh dialogue , energetic music , and
this crowd-pleaser 's fresh dialogue , energetic music
this crowd-pleaser 's fresh dialogue ,
thinking about compelling questions
is not a bad movie
is not a bad film .
moments of hilarity
is not always the prettiest pictures that tell the best story
A sober and affecting chronicle of the leveling
Me Without You '' is a probing examination of a female friendship set against a few dynamic decades .
ready to quench the thirst of an audience that misses the summer blockbusters
Maybe it is formula filmmaking , but there 's nothing wrong with that if the film is well-crafted and this one is
is nevertheless efficiently amusing for a good while
is nevertheless efficiently amusing for a good while .
her relentless vim and winsome facial symmetry
her relentless vim
heroine
, once you get through the accents , All or Nothing becomes an emotional , though still positive , wrench of a sit .
, one that grows in power in retrospect .
careworn in Jane Hamilton 's exemplary costumes
carefully structured
, not only because it is full of necessary discussion points , but because it is so accessible that it makes complex politics understandable to viewers looking for nothing but energetic entertainment
carries the film on his broad , handsome shoulders
4 friends , 2 couples
in which the hero might have an opportunity to triumphantly sermonize
... the gentle melding of drama and comedy makes '' What Time Is It There ? '' something the true film buff will enjoy
... both hokey and super-cool , and definitely not in a hurry ,
11-year-old boys with sports dreams of their own and
4 friends ,
a great glimpse
a great deal
a great yarn
a great way for the American people
a great way
a great glimpse into a very different world
calm us of our daily ills and bring out joys in our lives that we never knew
evokes strong emotions
evokes shame among all who are party to it and even promotes understanding
evokes strong emotions and pushes viewers to question their deepest notions of moral right and wrong
wanting more
wants to be a kid again , or show it to their own kids
if they had periods
if the suspense never rises to a higher level , it is nevertheless maintained throughout
if uneven ,
if we 're seeing something purer than the real thing
want to see again
what the movies are about
what should be the lighter-than-air adventure
as social expos , skins has its heart in the right place ,
as social expos , skins has its heart in the right place
a jolly
nonchalantly freaky and uncommonly pleasurable , warm water may well be the year 's best and most unpredictable comedy .
a thriller can be sleekly shot , expertly cast , paced with crisp professionalism
nonchalantly freaky and uncommonly pleasurable
integral part
intellectual entertainment
intellectually and logistically
get on television
get the same love story and parable
get the same love story and
get the first and last look at one of the most triumphant performances of Vanessa Redgrave 's career
of all ages
capture so perfectly the hopes and dreams of little boys on baseball fields as well as the grown men who sit in the stands .
be building suspense
be called any kind of masterpiece . It is , however , a completely honest , open-hearted
the reality of its characters to go over the edge . A touch of humor or
be better and more successful
sold-out
just a simple fable done in an artless sytle , but it 's tremendously moving
hopefully inspire action
hoping that the rich promise of the script will be realized on the screen .
demonstrate with such insight and celebratory verve
demonstrate the virtues of the IMAX format
go to a picture-perfect beach during sunset
go to a picture-perfect beach
golden
's hilarious
winningly
dark humor , gorgeous exterior photography ,
dark humor , gorgeous exterior photography
dark humor , gorgeous exterior photography , and a stable-full of solid performances
there are just enough twists in the tale to make it far more satisfying than almost any horror film in recent memory .
should see it as soon as possible .
Traffic scribe Gaghan
Traffic
omnibus tradition
lady
a Disney pic
looking and stylish
looking , sounding and simply feeling like no other film in recent history
The filmmaker ascends , literally , to the Olympus of the art world ,
to expect from movies nowadays . Instead of simply handling conventional material in a conventional way
stunning piece
to entertain on a guilty-pleasure , so-bad-it 's - funny level
to entertain all ages
stunning lyrical work
of the best actors , directors and producers
deserves to be seen everywhere
deserves to be seen everywhere .
deserves the dignity of an action hero motivated by something more than franchise possibilities
deserves more than a passing twinkle
designed as a reverie about memory and regret ,
genuinely moving and
genuinely moving
genuinely good
genuine laughs
genuinely spooky premise
genuinely spooky
genuinely moving and wisely unsentimental drama
genuinely moving and wisely unsentimental
get a kick out
who love Cinema Paradiso will find the new scenes interesting , but few will find the movie
who makes Oliver far more interesting than the character 's lines would suggest
who like long books and movies
who has secrets buried at the heart of his story and knows how to take time revealing them
who has secrets buried at the heart of his story and knows how to take time revealing them .
with leonine power
the apparent skills
the anthropomorphic animal characters are beautifully realized through clever makeup design , leaving one to hope that the eventual DVD release will offer subtitles and the original Italian-language soundtrack
the answers
with its wry observations
with just as much intelligence
classy dinner soiree
frightening and compelling ` What if ? '
friendly demeanor
fried in pork
frightening and compelling `
frightening and compelling
frightfest
all-star salute
allegedly inspiring and
allegedly inspiring and easily marketable
classical actress
with their fathers
A sentimental but entirely irresistible portrait of three
the way it avoids the more serious emotions involved
with some laughs and a smile
to let you bask in your own cleverness as you figure it out
to life . A little melodramatic , but with enough hope
to lift the spirits of the whole family
Like a child with an important message to tell ... ( Skins ' ) faults are easy to forgive because the intentions are lofty .
Like a Tarantino movie with heart
Like a Tarantino movie with heart , Alias Betty is richly detailed , deftly executed and utterly absorbing .
Like a child with an important message to tell
Like a child with an important message to tell ...
Like The Full Monty , this is sure to raise audience 's spirits and leave them singing long after the credits roll .
Like Vardalos and Corbett , who play their roles with vibrant charm
Like Vardalos and Corbett , who play their roles with vibrant charm , the film , directed by Joel Zwick , is heartfelt and hilarious in ways you ca n't fake .
young , Black manhood that is funny , touching , smart and complicated
providing solace through deception
's something auspicious , and daring , too , about the artistic instinct that pushes a majority-oriented director like Steven Spielberg to follow A.I. with this challenging report so liable to unnerve the majority .
Ryan Gosling ( Murder By Numbers ) delivers a magnetic performance .
Ryan Gosling is , in a word , brilliant as the conflicted Daniel .
pulls his even-handed ideological ship
solid formula
a variety of quirky characters and an engaging story
solidly entertaining and moving
shines like a lonely beacon .
shines through every frame
settles on a consistent tone .
Harmless fun .
Pretend it 's a werewolf itself by avoiding eye contact and walking slowly away . It 's fun , but it 's a real howler .
Notorious C.H.O. hits all the verbal marks it should .
Notorious C.H.O. still feels like a promising work-in-progress
the product of loving , well integrated homage
show a remarkable ability to document both sides of this emotional car-wreck
the procession
the product
A film that will probably please people
A film that will be best appreciated by those willing to endure its extremely languorous rhythms , Waiting for Happiness is ultimately thoughtful without having much dramatic impact .
with its moving story
an infectious exuberance that will engage anyone with a passing interest in the skate\/surf culture
Soderbergh , like Kubrick before him , may not touch the planet 's skin , but understands the workings of its spirit .
as Gidget , only with muscles and a lot more smarts , but just as endearing and easy to watch
as I was , by its moods , and by its subtly transformed star
sing beautifully
coherent rhythm
sing beautifully and act adequately .
sing beautifully and act adequately
have done a fine job of updating White 's dry wit to a new age
have been without the vulgarity and with an intelligent , life-affirming script
have captured the chaos of an urban conflagration with such fury
have carved their own comfortable niche in the world
's updating works surprisingly well
we feel that we truly know what makes Holly and Marina tick
we find ourselves surprised at how much we care about the story
of using George and Lucy 's most obvious differences to ignite sparks
superior movie
is a very fine movie -- go see it
is a very fine movie -- go see it .
is a terrific character study , a probe into the life of a complex man .
is a terrific flick replete with dazzling camera-work , dancing and music
is a terrific flick replete with dazzling camera-work , dancing and music .
is a surprisingly effective Peter\/Spider-Man .
is a surprisingly engaging film
is a surprisingly engaging film .
is a terrific character study , a probe into the life of a complex man
his craft
his determination to remain true to the original text
her confidence in her material is merited
her film
her confidence in her material
Witty , contemplative , and sublimely beautiful .
Without You has a bracing truth that 's refreshing after the phoniness of female-bonding pictures like Divine Secrets of the Ya-Ya Sisterhood .
Without You '' is a probing examination of a female friendship set against a few dynamic decades .
Without You '' is a probing examination of a female friendship set against a few dynamic decades
Witty , vibrant , and intelligent .
Witty , vibrant , and intelligent
certainly ranks as the most original in years
certainly raises the film above anything Sandler 's been attached to before .
certain robustness
certain sexiness
challenges us to think about the ways we consume pop culture .
from raising the topic
in the middle , the film compels , as Demme experiments
in the middle , the film compels ,
with passionate enthusiasms like Martin Scorsese
want to check it out
talented thesps
say Analyze That is De Niro 's best film since Meet the Parents
some cute moments , funny scenes , and hits the target audience ( young Bow Wow fans )
a working over . The cast is spot on and the mood is laid back
more ways
The story is a rather simplistic one : grief drives her , love drives him , and a second chance to find love in the most unlikely place - it struck a chord in me .
The story is a rather simplistic one : grief drives her , love drives him , and a second chance to find love in the most unlikely place - it struck a chord in me
The story line may be 127 years old , but El Crimen del Padre Amaro ... could n't be more timely in its despairing vision of corruption within the Catholic establishment .
The story line may be 127 years old , but El Crimen del Padre Amaro ... could n't be more timely in its despairing vision of corruption within the Catholic establishment
talented and clever Robert Rodriguez
. Good fun , good action ,
-RRB- talented and terribly charismatic , qualities essential to both movie stars and social anarchists
-RRB- why we go to the cinema : to be fed through the eye , the heart , the mind
talented and clever
and mind games
and much better
and not bad enough to repulse any generation of its fans
and no one )
freshly
written for no one
freedom to feel contradictory things
frenetic , funny , even punny 6
fresh good looks and
fresh good looks and an ease in front of the camera
freshening
as a Spanish butler with a foot fetish
denuded
demonstrated a knack for mixing action and idiosyncratic humor in his charming 2000 debut Shanghai Noon
denying that Burns is a filmmaker with a bright future ahead of him
and '' Imitation of Life '' transcends them .
the top Japanese animations
a solid build-up ,
a solid build-up
Beautifully reclaiming the story of Carmen
Beautifully crafted and cooly unsettling ... recreates the atmosphere of the crime expertly .
utterly convincing -- and deeply appealing -- as a noble teacher who embraces a strict moral code
the top Japanese animations of recent vintage
Beautifully crafted and cooly unsettling ...
Beautifully crafted and cooly unsettling
Beautifully crafted and cooly unsettling ... recreates the atmosphere of the crime expertly
Beautifully crafted and
by the man who wrote it
Happily for Mr. Chin -- though unhappily for his subjects -- the invisible hand of the marketplace wrote a script that no human screenwriter could have hoped to match .
A headline-fresh thriller set among orthodox Jews on the West Bank , Joseph Cedar 's Time Of Favor manages not only to find a compelling dramatic means of addressing a complex situation
A headline-fresh thriller set among orthodox Jews on the West Bank , Joseph Cedar 's Time
A headline-fresh thriller
A haunting tale of murder and mayhem .
A haunting tale
A hard look at one man 's occupational angst and its subsequent reinvention , a terrifying study of bourgeois desperation worthy of Claude Chabrol .
is soaringly , transparently moving .
is solid
is so rich with period minutiae it 's like dying and going to celluloid heaven .
is soaringly , transparently moving
is still worth hearing
is still worth hearing .
A heartbreakingly thoughtful minor classic
is still worth
is running purely on adrenaline
precisely what to make of Steven Soderbergh 's Full Frontal , though that did n't stop me from enjoying much of it
is rigid and evasive in ways that Soderbergh 's best films , '' Erin Brockovich , '' '' Out of Sight '' and '' Ocean 's Eleven
the action is dazzling
the actors make this worth a peek .
the allegory with remarkable skill
Director of photography Benoit Delhomme shot the movie in delicious colors , and the costumes and sets are grand .
Director of photography Benoit Delhomme shot the movie in delicious colors , and the costumes and sets are grand
Director of photography Benoit Delhomme shot the movie in delicious colors , and
Director of photography Benoit Delhomme shot the movie in delicious colors ,
Director of photography Benoit Delhomme shot the movie in delicious colors
A terrific insider look at the star-making machinery of tinseltown .
A terrific B movie -- in fact , the best in recent memory
A terrific B movie -- in fact , the best in recent memory .
A terrific B movie
A terrific B movie --
A thoroughly entertaining comedy that
A thoroughly entertaining comedy that uses Grant 's own twist of acidity to prevent itself from succumbing to its own bathos .
look at the star-making machinery of tinseltown .
, the film is blazingly alive and admirable on many levels .
, the film is doing something of a public service -- shedding light on a group of extremely talented musicians who might otherwise go unnoticed and underappreciated by music fans .
, the film is a good one
, the film chimes in on the grieving process and strangely draws the audience into the unexplainable pain and eccentricities that are attached to the concept of loss .
, the film does pack some serious suspense .
a thoughtful examination of faith , love and power
a thoughtful examination
a thriller ,
, the film makes up for it with a pleasing verisimilitude .
, the film manages to keep you at the edge of your seat with its shape-shifting perils , political intrigue and brushes with calamity .
they 're talking about `` Talk to Her
they 're each interesting
rewritten , and for the uncompromising knowledge that the highest power of all is the power of love .
rhapsodic
rich and full
rich , shadowy black-and-white
rich and full life
rich and intelligent
My Big Fat Greek Wedding '' comes from the heart
My Big Fat Greek Wedding is not only the best date movie of the year
My Big Fat Greek Wedding is not only the best date movie of the year , it 's also a -- dare I say it twice -- delightfully charming -- and totally American , I might add -- slice of comedic bliss .
My Big Fat Greek Wedding is that rare animal known as ' a perfect family film , ' because it 's about family .
My Wife Is an Actress works as well as it does because ( the leads ) are such a companionable couple .
Fessenden has nurtured his metaphors at the expense of his narrative , but he does display an original talent
Fessenden has nurtured his metaphors at the expense of his narrative , but he does display an original talent .
such a good job of it
one moment
with enjoyably complex characters who are never what they first appear
serene , the humor wry and sprightly
entirely successful
entirely fresh
entirely convincing
entirely believable
Faithful without being forceful , sad without being shrill , `` A Walk to Remember '' succeeds through sincerity .
Family fare .
... a rich and intelligent film that uses its pulpy core conceit to probe questions of attraction and interdependence and how the heart accomodates practical needs .
Despite terrific special effects and funnier gags
laugh so much during a movie
laugh so much
's potentially moving
How
whose achievements -- and complexities --
wholesome fantasy
sleekly shot , expertly cast , paced with crisp professionalism
is powerful and provocative .
throughout Michele 's religious and romantic quests
At its best , which occurs often , Michael Moore 's Bowling for Columbine rekindles the muckraking , soul-searching spirit of the ` Are we a sick society ? '
At its best , it 's Black Hawk Down with more heart .
At its best , Queen is campy fun like the Vincent Price horror classics of the '60s .
At about 95 minutes , Treasure Planet maintains a brisk pace as it races through the familiar story .
the characters move with grace and panache
the characters are intriguing and realistic
, it 's clear that Washington most certainly has a new career ahead of him
, it 's not too bad .
, it 's mission accomplished
, it 's just as wonderful on the big screen .
, it 's not too bad . It 's worth taking the kids to .
I can easily imagine Benigni 's Pinocchio becoming a Christmas perennial . Coal is n't as easy to come by as it used to be and this would be a worthy substitute for naughty children 's stockings .
renewal
The story has some nice twists but the ending and
The story ... is inspiring , ironic , and revelatory of just how ridiculous and money-oriented the record industry really is .
solid acting can do for a movie
solid acting and a neat premise
solid success
bracingly truthful
solid acting and
solid acting
the credit for the film 's winning tone
for horror movie fanatics
for its stellar cast
Open-ended and composed
action that 's exciting on the field and a story you
Opportunists
actual passion
complex portrait of a modern Israel that is rarely seen on-screen
complex than your average film
in the end , it is almost a good movie
you 've lost weight
tackled a meaty subject and
A good-natured ensemble comedy
tackled a meaty subject and drawn engaging characters while peppering the pages with memorable zingers
, E.T. is carried less by wow factors than by its funny , moving yarn that holds up well after two decades .
A chilling tale
A chilling tale of one
A cartoon that 's truly cinematic in scope ,
A cartoon that 's truly cinematic in scope , and
A cartoon that 's truly cinematic in scope
A cartoon that 's truly cinematic in scope , and a story that 's compelling and heartfelt -- even if the heart belongs to a big , four-legged herbivore .
A celebration of quirkiness , eccentricity , and certain individuals ' tendency to let it all hang out , and damn the consequences
A cartoon that 's truly cinematic in scope , and a story that 's compelling and heartfelt -- even if the heart belongs to a big
A cartoon that 's truly cinematic in scope , and a story that 's compelling and heartfelt -- even if the heart belongs to a big ,
of spare dialogue and acute expressiveness
of spirit
exudes a kind of nostalgic spy-movie charm and , at the same time ,
exudes a kind of nostalgic spy-movie charm and , at the same time
exudes a kind of nostalgic spy-movie charm and ,
exudes a kind of nostalgic spy-movie charm and
eye-catching
exudes a kind of nostalgic spy-movie charm and , at the same time , is so fresh and free of the usual thriller nonsense that it all seems to be happening for the first time
rich
This is historical filmmaking without the balm of right-thinking ideology , either liberal or conservative . Mr . Scorsese 's bravery and integrity in advancing this vision can hardly be underestimated .
This is going to be something really good . '
This is lightweight filmmaking , to be sure , but it 's pleasant enough -- and oozing with attractive men
This is more fascinating -- being real -- than anything seen on Jerry Springer .
This is lightweight filmmaking , to be sure , but it 's pleasant enough -- and oozing with attractive men .
the essence of magic
its first-time feature director
its fun
to find a movie with a bigger , fatter heart than Barbershop
is believable
intense political and psychological thriller
stands out from the pack
stands as one of the great films about movie love .
stands as one of the great films about movie love
is fabulously funny and over the top as a ` very sneaky ' butler who excels in the art of impossible disappearing\/reappearing acts
her fans will assuredly have their funny bones tickled
her defiance
her complicated characters be unruly , confusing and , through it all , human
uplifter .
uplifter
uphill or something
one arresting image
one as brave and challenging as you could possibly expect these days from American cinema
one bad dude . When you 've got the wildly popular Vin Diesel in the equation
makes the silly original cartoon seem smart and well-crafted in comparison
makes the journey feel like a party
makes sure The Salton Sea works the way a good noir should , keeping it tight and nasty
makes the heart soar . Yes , soar
makes sure The Salton Sea works the way a good noir should
makes sure The Salton Sea works the way a good noir should ,
without even a hint of that typical kiddie-flick sentimentality
toss-up
as a mechanical apparatus
as a real movie
the humor and humanity
certainly the performances are worthwhile
certainly the performances are worthwhile .
from Philippe , who makes Oliver far more interesting than the character 's lines would suggest , and Sarandon , who could n't be better as a cruel but weirdly likable WASP matron
of geriatric Dirty Harry , which will please Eastwood 's loyal fans -- and suits the story , wherein our hero must ride roughshod over incompetent cops to get his man
of genuine insight into the urban heart
of good old-fashioned escapism
of greatest-hits reel
teen-pop
team
Faithful without being forceful , sad without being shrill , '' A Walk to Remember '' succeeds through sincerity .
Faithful without being forceful
Faithful
Family Fundamentals gets you riled up
the condition of art
More concerned with Sade 's ideas than with his actions . The movie achieves as great an impact by keeping these thoughts hidden as
Mollà , Gil and Bardem --
Moody , heartbreaking , and filmed in a natural , unforced style that makes its characters seem entirely convincing even when its script is not .
Moonlight Mile gives itself the freedom to feel contradictory things . It is sentimental but feels free to offend , is analytical and then surrenders to the illogic of its characters , is about grief and yet permits laughter .
Moonlight Mile gives itself the freedom to feel contradictory things .
sustains interest during the long build-up of expository material .
sustains the level of exaggerated , stylized humor throughout by taking your expectations and twisting them just a bit
sustains the level of exaggerated , stylized humor throughout by taking your expectations and twisting them just a bit .
spectacular sizzle it is !
the interplay within partnerships and among partnerships and the general air of gator-bashing are consistently delightful
who inhabit it
requires a delicate , surgical touch .
required genuine acting from Ms. Spears
require the full emotional involvement and support of a viewer
reps decent action entertainment
'd sure make a courtroom trial great fun to watch
you 're in for a real winner , creativity at its peak
Berry 's saucy , full-bodied performance gives this aging series a much needed kick , making '' Die Another Day '' one of the most entertaining Bonds in years
Besson has written in years
you 'll get a sock-you-in-the-eye flick that is a visual tour-de-force and a story that is unlike any
Best Man '' clone by weaving a theme throughout this funny film
, and unforgettable characters
who is chasing who
the flowers of perversity , comedy and romance
the folks who prepare
the Internet
the Kahlo movie Frida fans have been looking for
easily one of the best films of the year
easily his finest American film
easily fill their scenes and , fine judges both , never overcook the hysteria .
The Piano Teacher is a daring work of genius .
The Piano Teacher
The Mothman Prophecies '' is a difficult film to shake from your conscience when night falls .
The Hours makes you examine your own life in much the same way its characters do , and the experience is profound . The Hours is what movies are supposed to be ...
The Hours makes you examine your own life in much the same way its characters do
Disney films
The Powers team has fashioned a comedy with more laughs than many , no question . But this time there 's some mold on the gold .
The Powers team has fashioned a comedy with more laughs than many , no question .
Spectacularly
Spectacular in every sense of the word , even if you don ' t know an Orc from a Uruk-Hai .
, touching or , yikes , uproarious
, thoughtful , well-acted clunker
original magic
, these flicks are just that damn good .
, these components combine into one terrific story with lots of laughs .
, there 's no way you wo n't be talking about the film once you exit the theater .
, they ca n't go wrong .
of the life of artist Frida Kahlo
a shock-you-into-laughter intensity
would be terrific to read about
would count for very little if the movie were n't as beautifully shaped and as delicately calibrated in tone as it is
Gilliam-esque
Gibson , stepping in for Bruce Willis , is the perfect actor to take us on the trip .
Gibson , stepping in for Bruce Willis , is the perfect actor to take us on the trip
Glass ' evocative music ...
Glass ' evocative music
another cool crime movie that actually manages to bring something new into the mix
another first-rate performance
going , with enough amusing banter -- blessedly curse-free -- to keep both kids and parents entertained
goes down easily .
goes unindicted here , which is probably for the best . And if you 're not nearly moved to tears by a couple of scenes
goal
goes down easily
go to the movies
gone from the popcorn pushing sound stages of Hollywood .
the energetic cast
pleasant enough romance
pleasant enough thing
pleasant tale
please fans of Chris Fuhrman 's posthumously published cult novel
pleaser
pleases
's this one should appease you for 90 minutes
steers clear of the sensational and offers instead an unflinching and objective look at a decidedly perverse pathology .
's real visual charge to the filmmaking
the strange , stark beauty of the Mideast desert
be commended for illustrating the merits of fighting hard for something that really matters
be considered a funny little film
be compelling , amusing and unsettling at the same time
be compelling , amusing and unsettling
be considered career-best performances
affirming and
affirming and heartbreaking
affectingly
affectionate delight
affecting story about four sisters who are coping , in one way or another , with life
affirming
affirming '
affirm
affirm love 's power to help people endure almost unimaginable horror
About Something is an amicable endeavor .
zeal
, unforced
Well-done supernatural thriller with keen insights into parapsychological phenomena and the soulful nuances of the grieving process
Well-done supernatural thriller with keen insights into parapsychological phenomena and the soulful nuances
, unfussily poetic
dialog between realistic characters
been done before but never so vividly or with so much passion
been given the drive of a narrative
been done before but never so vividly
been done before but never so vividly or
seen him eight stories tall
seen this summer
whimsical humor
would gobble in Dolby Digital stereo
would end up with if you took Orwell , Bradbury , Kafka , George Lucas and the Wachowski Brothers and threw them into a blender
he is always sympathetic .
he provides a strong itch to explore more .
he shows them the respect they are due .
A realistically terrifying movie that puts another notch in the belt of the long list of renegade-cop tales
A realistically terrifying movie that puts another notch
A really good premise
A realistically terrifying movie that puts another notch in the belt of the long list of renegade-cop tales .
A real audience-pleaser that will strike a chord with anyone who 's ever
A real audience-pleaser
A realistically terrifying movie
A real audience-pleaser that will strike a chord with anyone who 's ever waited in a doctor 's office , emergency room , hospital bed or insurance company office .
A remarkable film
rich with human events
of French cinema 's master craftsmen
rich historical subject
rich and sudden wisdom
rich subject
of France 's most inventive directors
It may scream low budget , but this charmer has a spirit that can not be denied .
The film 's highlight is definitely its screenplay , both for the rhapsodic dialogue that jumps off the page , and for the memorable character creations .
The film 's highlight
It might be tempting to regard Mr. Andrew and his collaborators as oddballs , but Mr. Earnhart 's quizzical , charming movie allows us to see them , finally , as artists
whimsicality
the cinema : to be fed through the eye , the heart , the mind
several fine performances
sets the tone for a summer of good stuff
of sense of humor that derives from a workman 's grasp of pun and entendre and its attendant
shows deft comic timing .
this interesting time and place
this interesting time and
is one of those rare pictures that you root for throughout
is one of those rare pictures
is one of those rare docs that paints a grand picture of an era and makes the journey feel like a party .
is one of those rare docs that paints a grand picture of an era and makes the journey feel like a party
is one of those films that possesses all the good intentions in the world , but
is one of the greatest date movies in years .
is one of the greatest date movies in years
The casting of Raymond J . Barry as the ` assassin ' greatly enhances the quality of Neil Burger 's impressive fake documentary .
The casting of von Sydow ... is itself Intacto 's luckiest stroke .
The characters are interesting and often very creatively constructed from figure to backstory
The characters are complex and quirky , but entirely believable as the remarkable ensemble cast brings them to life .
The charming result is Festival in Cannes .
The charming result
the film has some of the best special effects ever
the film high above run-of-the-filth gangster flicks
than awe
novels to the big screen
hand-held camera and documentary feel
handled with intelligence and care
the nerve-raked acting , the crackle of lines , the impressive stagings of hardware , make for some robust and scary entertainment .
the movie work -- to an admittedly limited extent -- is the commitment of two genuinely engaging performers
such an excellent job
abridged edition
bracingly truthful antidote
just enough charm and good acting to make it interesting
the case for a strong education and good teachers being more valuable in the way they help increase an average student 's self-esteem , and not strictly in the knowledge imparted
pandering palaver
pale , dark beauty
pairing Clayburgh and Tambor
paints a grand picture of an era and makes the journey feel like a party
paints a grand picture of an era and
paints a grand picture of an era
on subtle ironies and visual devices
the tale to make it far more satisfying than almost any horror film in recent memory
such unrelenting Dickensian decency that it turned me
and to Have
and thrilling enough to make it abundantly clear that this movie phenomenon has once again reinvented itself for a new generation
and those are reasons enough to see it .
and thrilling
rises to its clever what-if concept .
and touching to the marrow
Dragon '
Dragon
Dolgin and Franco fashion a fascinating portrait of a Vietnamese-born youngster who eagerly and easily assimilated as an all-American girl with a brand new name in southern Tennessee .
serious minded patience , respect and affection
humorous , illuminating study
humorous and
humorous and touching
humorous and touching .
humorous observations
humorous observations about the general absurdity of modern life
humour and
humour and pathos
hungry for quality and a nostalgic , twisty yarn that will keep them guessing
such clarity
such a high-energy movie where the drumming and the marching are so excellent ,
such a high-energy movie where the drumming and the marching are so excellent , who cares if the story 's a little weak
such a high-energy movie
such a high-energy movie where the drumming and the marching are so excellent
complex than its sunny disposition
complicated enough to let you bask in your own cleverness as you figure it out
complicated characters
Expands the limits of what a film can be , taking us into the lives of women to whom we might not give a second look if we passed them on the street
Expands
Expecting
Expands the limits of what a film can be , taking us into the lives of women to whom we might not give a second look if we passed them on the street .
action scenes
girls , who learns that believing in something does matter
give a thought to the folks who prepare and
dark , decadent truffle
wonderment and
, Amy 's Orgasm has a key strength in its willingness to explore its principal characters with honesty , insight and humor .
, ( Goldbacher ) just lets her complicated characters be unruly , confusing and , through it all , human .
Maybe it 's the star power of the cast or the redundant messages , but something aboul '' Full Frontal '' seems , well , contrived
McConaughey 's fun
McConaughey 's fun to watch
McConaughey 's fun to watch , the dragons are okay , not much fire in the script .
's challenging , sometimes clever , and always interesting
with some ingenious plot devices and some lavishly built settings
's an entertaining and informative documentary
's an enjoyable one
wonder about big questions
wondering what will happen to her and
the quality that keeps Dickens evergreen : the exuberant openness with which he expresses our most basic emotions
, rich green , environment
I hate myself most mornings . I still like Moonlight Mile , better judgment be damned
I have a confession to make : I did n't particularly like E . T . the first time I saw it as a young boy . That is because - damn it ! - I also wanted a little alien as a friend
I have a new favorite musical
I have a new favorite musical -- and I 'm not even a fan of the genre
I have a new favorite musical --
's like a poem .
's intense and thrilling at times
's hard not to be seduced by ( Witherspoon 's ) charisma , even in this run-of-the-mill vehicle , because this girl knows how to drive it to the max .
's hard not to be seduced by ( Witherspoon 's ) charisma , even in this run-of-the-mill vehicle , because this girl knows how to drive it to the max
crash 'em -
crash-and-bash action
Lillard channels the Shagster right down to the original Casey Kasem-furnished voice
Lilia 's transformation from strict mother to sensual siren
entertaining mix
entertaining from start to finish , featuring a fall from grace that still leaves shockwaves
a smart movie
a smart movie that knows its classical music , knows its Freud and knows its Sade
a smart new comedy
a smartly directed , grown-up film
a smartly directed , grown-up film of ideas
a smartly written motion picture
a smile
a smile on your face
a smile on your face and
the grandness of romance
entertaining , self-aggrandizing , politically motivated
mostly worth the trip
mothers
Knockaround Guys rarely seems interested in kicking around a raison d'etre that 's as fresh-faced as its young-guns cast .
Knockaround
Klein , charming in comedies like American Pie and dead-on in Election ,
's the most positive thing that can be said about the new Rob Schneider vehicle
of E . T . just as I hoped I would --
An intelligent , earnest , intimate film that drops the ball only when it pauses for blunt exposition to make sure you
An intelligent , earnest , intimate film
An incredibly low-rent Danish film , it brings a group of people together in a sweet and charming way , if a little convenient
An infectious cultural fable with a tasty balance of family drama and frenetic comedy .
An infectious cultural fable
An inspiring and heart-affecting film about the desperate attempts of Vietnamese refugees
An inspiring and heart-affecting film
An inspiring and heart-affecting film about the desperate attempts of Vietnamese refugees living in U . S . relocation camps to keep their hopes alive in 1975 .
An inspiring and heart-affecting film about the desperate attempts of Vietnamese refugees living in U . S .
pure Disney
pungent bite
I did n't find much fascination in the swinging . What they 're doing is a matter of plumbing arrangements and mind games , of no erotic or sensuous charge . But that they are doing it is thought-provoking .
with solid performances and eerie atmosphere
scored and powered
the only way to bring happiness to their loved ones
touching , raucously amusing , uncomfortable
scored and powered by a set of heartfelt performances
touching ,
touching , dramatically forceful , and beautifully shot
Really dumb but occasionally really funny
animation increasingly emphasizes the computer and the cool
animation enthusiasts of all ages
animation master
animation is such a perfect medium for children , because of the way it allows the mind to enter and accept another world
of bright young men -- promising , talented , charismatic and tragically
, its hard to imagine having more fun watching a documentary ...
of both thematic content and narrative strength
of breathtaking , awe-inspiring visual poetry
of breathtaking mystery
to a whole new level
times exhilarating movie
times exhilarating
time to tell its story
thunderous ride
thunderous
through the story , with charming results
Lawrence plumbs personal tragedy and also the human comedy .
should catch this IMAX offering
Last Orders will touch the heart of anyone old enough to have earned a 50-year friendship
Lathan and Diggs are charming and have chemistry both as friends and lovers .
that Mel Gibson can gasp , shudder and even tremble without losing his machismo
us laugh
is also a pointed political allegory
is also a film of freshness , imagination and insight .
is also a film of freshness , imagination and insight
is all the more remarkable because it
is all about a wild-and-woolly , wall-to-wall good time .
is all about a wild-and-woolly , wall-to-wall good time
the film buzz and whir
the film buzz and whir ;
the film acquires an undeniable entertainment value as the slight , pale Mr. Broomfield continues to force himself on people and into situations that would make lesser men run for cover .
that I 'll never listen to Marvin Gaye or the Supremes the same way again
the film 's power
the film 's power lies in its complexity .
The wonderfully lush Morvern Callar is pure punk existentialism , and
The wonderfully lush Morvern Callar is pure punk existentialism , and Ms . Ramsay and her co-writer , Liana Dognini , have dramatized the Alan Warner novel , which itself felt like an answer to Irvine Welsh 's book Trainspotting
The wonderfully lush Morvern Callar is pure punk existentialism , and Ms . Ramsay and her co-writer , Liana Dognini , have dramatized the Alan Warner novel , which itself felt like an answer to Irvine Welsh 's book Trainspotting .
The wonderfully lush Morvern Callar is pure punk existentialism
The wonderfully lush Morvern Callar is pure punk existentialism ,
romantic comedy with a fresh point of view
Their parents
some last-minute action strongly reminiscent of Run Lola Run
some laughs in this movie
some kind of goofy grandeur
most immediate and most obvious pleasure
you will laugh at the audacity , at the who 's who casting and the sheer insanity of it all .
you will quickly recognize him . And that 's a big part of why we go to the movies
you with its open-endedness and surprises
The good thing
Together , Tok and O orchestrate a buoyant , darkly funny dance of death . In the process , they demonstrate that there 's still a lot of life in Hong Kong cinema .
that is enlightening --
Tim Allen is great in his role but never hogs the scenes from his fellow cast , as there are plenty of laughs and good lines for everyone in this comedy .
Together , Tok and O orchestrate a buoyant , darkly funny dance of death .
Together , Tok and O orchestrate a buoyant , darkly funny dance of death . In the process
The good
The good is very , very good
about a brainy prep-school kid with a Mrs. Robinson complex
n't want to miss
fresh-faced
Diane Lane shines in Unfaithful . Almost everything else
Schepisi , aided by a cast that seems to include every top-notch British actor who did not appear in Gosford Park ( as well as one , Ms. Mirren , who did ) , has succeeded beyond all expectation .
Scherfig , the writer-director , has made a film so unabashedly hopeful that it actually makes the heart soar .
Scooby Dooby Doo \/ And Shaggy too \/ You both look and sound great .
empathetic
The inspirational screenplay
The ingenuity that Parker displays in freshening the play is almost in a class with that of Wilde himself .
The ingenuity that Parker displays in freshening the play
The ingenuity
The jabs it employs are short , carefully placed and dead-center .
The inspirational screenplay by Mike Rich covers a lot of ground , perhaps too much , but ties things together , neatly , by the end .
The inspirational screenplay by Mike Rich
The large-frame IMAX camera lends itself beautifully to filming the teeming life on the reefs , making this gorgeous film a must for everyone from junior scientists to grown-up fish lovers .
be happy to listen to them reading the phone book
be had by all willing to make the effort to reap them
be fascinated
be rewarded by Borstal Boy
hoped I would -- with moist eyes
his subject justice
, surrounds him with interesting characters and sends us out of the theater feeling
empowerment
his strongest performance since The Doors
impressive roster
his superb actors
of Oscar Wilde 's classic satire
never growing old . Like being able to hit on a 15-year old when you 're over 100
The evocative imagery and
The evocative imagery
The entire cast is first-rate , especially Sorvino .
The ensemble cast turns in a collectively stellar performance , and the writing is tight and truthful , full of funny situations and honest observations .
The ensemble cast turns in a collectively stellar performance , and the writing is tight and truthful , full of funny situations and honest observations
The ensemble cast turns in a collectively stellar performance , and
The ensemble cast turns in a collectively stellar performance ,
The ensemble cast turns in a collectively stellar performance
The evocative imagery and gentle , lapping rhythms of this film are infectious
The evocative imagery and gentle , lapping rhythms of this film
when it hits its mark it 's brilliant
viewing for civics classes and would-be public servants alike
and rhythmic ability
the robust middle of this picture
and powerful narrative
and pulled ( literally and figuratively ) by desire
and perceptively filmed that you can almost taste the desiccated air
and refined it to a crystalline point
and relatively sincere
when a woman 's life , out of a deep-seated , emotional need , is about to turn onto a different path
all its impressive craftsmanship
this uncompromising insight
but then backed off when the producers saw the grosses for Spy Kids
Good car chases
Gives you the steady pulse of life
Gives you the steady pulse of life in a beautiful city viewed through the eyes of a character who , in spite of tragic loss and increasing decrepitude , knows in his bones that he is one of the luckiest men alive .
Gives you the steady pulse of life in a beautiful city viewed through the eyes of a character who , in spite of tragic loss and increasing decrepitude , knows in his bones that he is one of the luckiest men alive
Good car chases , great fight scenes
Good car chases ,
by violins
but something far more stylish and cerebral -- and , hence , more chillingly effective
comedy ensemble
snappy dialogue
imaginable
imagination
imaginative
`` Nicholas Nickleby '' is a perfect family film to take everyone to since there 's no new `` A Christmas Carol '' out in the theaters this year .
`` Never Again '' worthwhile
`` New Best Friend ''
respective charms
root for ( clara and paul ) , even like them , though perhaps it 's an emotion closer to pity
best-foreign-film Oscar
best part
best possible
best possible senses
best possible ways
best special effects
best-foreign-film
Witherspoon 's talents
tongue-in-cheek
too , thanks to strong , credible performances from the whole cast
suits the script
, he is always sympathetic .
, he does all of this , and more , while remaining one of the most savagely hilarious social critics this side of Jonathan Swift .
, funny humor
of Demme 's good films
of Clean and Sober
of Cinema ' Award
, good action , good acting , good dialogue , good pace , good cinematography .
of Disney 's great past
A riveting profile of law enforcement , and a visceral , nasty journey
An uneven mix of dark satire and childhood awakening
perfectly acceptable
perfectly acceptable , occasionally very enjoyable children 's entertainment .
perfect quiet pace
perfectly pleasant if slightly pokey comedy
performance that is nothing short of mesmerizing
perfectly entertaining
perfectly entertaining summer diversion
performances that are all understated and touching
would have no problem giving it an unqualified recommendation .
of maudlin , sentimental mysticism that mars the Touched by an Angel school of non-God spiritual-uplift movies
vibrant
his effortless performance
his edits , unlike those in Moulin Rouge , are crisp and purposeful without overdoing it
with more emotional force than any other recent film
comes not from any cinematic razzle-dazzle but from its recovery of an historical episode that , in the simple telling , proves simultaneously harrowing and uplifting .
comes off as a kingdom more mild than wild
comes from the heart .
comes not from any cinematic razzle-dazzle but from its recovery of an historical episode that , in the simple telling , proves simultaneously harrowing and uplifting
find an enthusiastic audience among American action-adventure buffs , but the film 's interests
find an enthusiastic audience
me how much pleasure I had watching McGrath 's version
maybe , but still a film with all the elements that made the other three great , scary times at the movies .
asks the right questions
asks the right questions at the right time in the history of our country
ambitious , moving , and adventurous directorial debut
ambitious , eager first-time filmmakers
amazingly evocative
amazing breakthrough
amazingly evocative film from three decades ago
amazingly evocative film
ambiguities that make it well worth watching
ambitious , eager
with an effortlessly regal charisma
daddy
is a compelling quest for truth .
with an astoundingly rich film
a huge sacrifice
a host of splendid performances
effectively probe Lear 's soul-stripping breakdown
Yes , Spirited Away is a triumph of imagination
Yes , Spirited Away is a triumph of imagination , but
eerie thriller
as a portrait of the artist as an endlessly inquisitive old man , however , it 's invaluable
with an enormous amount of affection
to find that real natural , even-flowing tone that few movies are able to accomplish
as a young woman of great charm , generosity and diplomacy
that it took chances and really asks you to take these great leaps of faith and pays off
that it pulls us into its world , gives us a hero whose suffering and triumphs we can share , surrounds him with interesting characters and sends us out of the theater feeling
my mind
that leaves you wanting more
that knows what it is , and knows the form 's history
that keeps you in your seat
that made the other three great , scary times at the movies
with muscles and a lot more smarts , but just as endearing and easy to watch
can be distinguished from a mediocre one by the better film 's ability to make its subject interesting to those who are n't part of its supposed target audience .
with an intimate heart
amusing for a good while
showing the humanity of a war-torn land
showing honest emotions
shows Holmes has the screen presence to become a major-league leading lady , ( but ) the movie itself is an underachiever , a psychological mystery that takes its sweet time building to a climax that 's scarcely a surprise by the time it arrives
shows Holmes has the screen presence to become a major-league leading lady , ( but )
shows little understanding
returns as a visionary with a tale full of nuance and character dimension
returns De Palma to his pulpy thrillers of the early '80s
thoughtfulness and insight than a melodramatic
return to form for director Peter Bogdanovich
retrospectively , his most personal work yet
belongs on the big screen
Confirms
One fantastic ( and educational ) documentary .
It establishes its ominous mood and tension swiftly , and
It cooks Conduct in a low , smoky and inviting sizzle .
It establishes its ominous mood and tension swiftly , and if the suspense never rises to a higher level , it is nevertheless maintained throughout
It establishes its ominous mood and tension swiftly , and if the suspense never rises to a higher level , it is nevertheless maintained throughout .
a vibrant and intoxicating fashion
a vision both painterly and literary
a very resonant chord
a vibrant , colorful world
the serious weight
a visionary with a tale full of nuance and character dimension
a visionary
the summer award
real documentary
with deftly unsettling genre flair
real audience-pleaser
real and amusing
Zealand coming-of-age movie
more than enough sentimental catharsis for a satisfying evening at the multiplex
real heart
thoughtful , well-acted clunker
recite some of this laughable dialogue with a straight face
recognise
damned funny
gentle Jesus
damn funny stuff
damn funny
clarity and
genuinely satisfying
clarity and emotional
I 'm all for the mentally challenged getting their fair shot in the movie business
thought-out and
is almost certainly
has too many spots where it 's on slippery footing , but is acceptable entertainment for the entire family and one that 's especially fit for the kiddies
has too many spots where it 's on slippery footing , but is acceptable entertainment for the entire family and one that 's especially fit for the kiddies .
that concentrates on people , a project in which the script and characters hold sway
that constantly defies expectation
that comes to mind , while watching Eric Rohmer 's tribute to a courageous Scottish lady
that wears its heart on its sleeve
that comes along only occasionally , one so unconventional , gutsy and perfectly
It is sentimental but feels free to offend , is analytical and then surrenders to the illogic of its characters , is about grief and yet permits laughter .
It is great summer fun to watch Arnold and his buddy Gerald bounce off a quirky cast of characters .
It is definitely worth seeing .
It is most remarkable not because of its epic scope , but because of the startling intimacy it achieves despite that breadth .
It is amusing , and
It is amusing ,
It is amusing , and that 's all it needs to be .
It is amusing , and that 's all it needs to be
we 've shared a great adventure .
we can enjoy it anyway .
way to lay bare the tragedies of its setting with a good deal of warmth and humor
way to bring happiness to their loved ones
we 'll ever come to looking through a photographer 's viewfinder as he works
we expect from military epics
we do indeed feel for them .
It 's inoffensive
It 's inoffensive , cheerful , built to inspire the young people , set to an unending soundtrack of beach party pop numbers and aside from its remarkable camerawork and awesome scenery ,
It 's inoffensive , cheerful , built to inspire the young people , set to an unending soundtrack of beach party pop numbers and aside from its remarkable camerawork and awesome scenery
, but it is a good Bond movie , which still makes it much better than your typical Bond knock-offs .
bring happiness
mythic status
both architectural glories and
breathes surprising new life
mysterious , sensual , emotionally intense
the experience is profound . The Hours is what movies are supposed to be ...
into everyman 's romance comedy
The movie 's seams may show ... but Pellington gives `` Mothman '' an irresistibly uncanny ambience that goes a long way toward keeping the picture compelling .
The movie achieves as great an impact by keeping these thoughts hidden as ...
The movie achieves as great an impact by keeping these thoughts hidden as ... ( Quills ) did by showing them
The movie achieves as great an impact by keeping these thoughts hidden as ... ( Quills ) did by showing them .
The movie has an infectious exuberance that will engage anyone with a passing interest in the skate\/surf culture
The movie has an infectious exuberance that will engage anyone with a passing interest in the skate\/surf culture , the L.A. beach scene and the imaginative ( and sometimes illegal ) ways kids can make a playground out of the refuse of adults .
'll definitely
! Brilliant !
'm not
literate material
little film noir organized crime story
will find plenty to shake and shiver about in ` The Ring .
dynamic duo
neatly ,
have some exciting scenes
have set new standards for thrills , suspense , and
have set new standards for thrills , suspense , and gore for video games
10-course banquet
of the summer 's most pleasurable movies
saves lives on the freeway
the hearts of both children and adults
and adroit perspective shifts
well-written
well-made PB & J sandwich
burly action flick
works - mostly due to its superior cast of characters .
well-edited , well-directed , well-acted , bald
as pop entertainment
directed with sensitivity and skill
directed and convincingly acted
directed and convincingly acted .
directed , highly professional film that 's old-fashioned in all the best possible ways
directed , highly professional film that 's old-fashioned in all the best possible ways .
about issues most adults have to face in marriage
working to develop her own film language with conspicuous success
vivid personality
vivid characters and
vivid characters
vivid , thoughtful , unapologetically raw coming-of-age tale
vivid , thoughtful , unapologetically raw
vivid , convincing performances
vitality to justify the notion of creating a screen adaptation of Evans ' saga of Hollywood excess
visually transforms the dreary expanse of dead-end distaste the characters inhabit into a poem of art , music and metaphor .
it is effective .
it is good enough and will likely be appreciated most by sailors and folks who know their way around a submarine
of a callow rich boy who is forced to choose between his beautiful , self-satisfied 22-year-old girlfriend and an equally beautiful , self-satisfied 18-year-old mistress
buy this stuff
The X-Files
The acting is stiff , the story lacks all trace of wit , the sets look like they were borrowed from Gilligan 's Island
relax
is hard to forget
is great summer fun to watch Arnold and his buddy Gerald bounce off a quirky cast of characters .
is hard to resist
is hard to forget .
is good enough and
is good enough
is great summer fun to watch Arnold and his buddy Gerald bounce off a quirky cast of characters
is good enough and will likely be appreciated most by sailors and folks who know their way around a submarine
A sobering and powerful documentary about the most severe kind of personal loss
of the greatest romantic comedies of the past decade .
A smart little indie .
A sobering and powerful documentary
A smart , sassy and exceptionally charming romantic comedy
A smart , sassy and exceptionally charming romantic comedy .
A smart , provocative drama that does the nearly impossible : It gets under the skin of a man we only know as an evil , monstrous lunatic .
A smart , sassy and exceptionally charming
A smart , provocative drama that does the nearly impossible : It gets under the skin of a man we only know as an evil , monstrous lunatic
directorial touch
authentic account of a historical event
authentic account
to a picture-perfect beach
to both people 's capacity for evil and their heroic capacity for good
hard to quibble with a flick boasting this many genuine cackles
to call this one an eventual cult classic would be an understatement , and
the sheer , selfish , wound-licking , bar-scrapping doggedness of Leon 's struggle to face and transmute his demons that makes the movie a spirited and touching occasion , despite its patchy construction
the sheer , selfish , wound-licking , bar-scrapping doggedness of Leon 's struggle to face and transmute his demons
enthusiastic
enthusiastically invokes the percussion rhythm , the brass soul and the sense of fierce competition that helps make great marching bands half the fun of college football games
enthusiastically
enthusiastically invokes the percussion rhythm , the brass soul and the sense of fierce competition that helps make great marching bands half the fun of college football games .
language to bring us Morvern 's soul
la cabeza , pero de que entretiene
, it might just be the movie you 're looking for
by the movie 's depiction of sacrifice and its stirring epilogue in post-Soviet Russia
by some strong performances
It 's a rollicking adventure for you and all your mateys , regardless of their ages .
It 's a scorcher .
, it makes up for with a great , fiery passion .
, it may rate as the most magical and most fun family fare of this or any recent holiday season .
confront it
, character development -- and more importantly , character empathy -- is at the heart of Italian for Beginners .
, but you will quickly recognize him . And that 's a big part of why we go to the movies .
, but you will laugh at the audacity , at the who 's who casting and the sheer insanity of it all .
, by-the-numbers effort by Washington . It wo n't rock any boats but is solid meat-and-potatoes filmmaking .
, by the end of Monsoon Wedding , sent my spirit soaring out of the theater
thoughtful and
thoughtful and rewarding
thought-provoking , haunting film
thought-provoking foreign cinema
thought the relationships were wonderful , the comedy was funny , and the love ` real '
thought the relationships were wonderful , the comedy was funny , and the love ` real ' .
though it 's told with sharp ears and eyes for the tenor of the times
thoughtful and rewarding glimpse
thoughtful movie
love a Disney pic with as little cleavage as this one has , and
love a Disney pic with as little cleavage as this one has ,
love a Disney pic with as little cleavage as this one has
love a Disney pic
love Robin Tunney
cuteness , Amy 's career success
a Southern Gothic with the emotional arc of its raw blues soundtrack
naturalistic small talk
a VH1 Behind the Music special that has something a little more special behind it : music that did n't sell many records but helped change a nation
turns out to be a cut above the norm , thanks to some clever writing and sprightly acting .
comes out looking like something wholly original
turntablism
ravishing , baroque beauty
rather special
rates as an exceptional thriller
rates as an exceptional thriller .
Captures the raw comic energy of one
Binoche makes it interesting trying to find out .
Black Hawk Down with more heart
At times , the suspense is palpable , but
At times , the suspense is palpable
At times , the suspense is palpable ,
A blessed gift to film geeks and historians . If the '70 's were your idea of a good time at the movies
into a rustic , realistic , and altogether creepy tale of hidden invasion
into a sane and breathtakingly creative film
into a smart new comedy
into a strangely tempting bouquet of a movie
into an A-list director
for deft punctuation
an intermittently good time
Denis and co-writer Michele Petin 's impeccable screenplay
some pretty cool stunts
some opportunism
no one would notice -- but it 's a pleasurable trifle .
Choose your reaction : A . )
to be especially grateful for freedom after a film like this
to be favorably compared to Das Boot
with a tale full of nuance and character dimension
the film 's action
with a smile on your face and a grumble in your stomach
flows as naturally
flowery
flowed out of Cho 's life story , which provided an engrossing dramatic through line
from this new version of e . t . just as i hoped i would -- with moist eyes
Spinning a web of dazzling entertainment may be overstating it , but
reassuring manner
reasonably attractive holiday contraption
reasonably attractive
reassuringly familiar
Intriguing and stylish
Intriguing and stylish .
us look forward to the Russos ' next offering
us to laugh because he acts so goofy all the time
Spider-man is better than any summer blockbuster we had to endure last summer , and hopefully , sets the tone for a summer of good stuff .
's lovely
's looking for
sit through , enjoy on a certain level
sit through , enjoy on a certain level and
and undoubtedly delighted
sit through , enjoy on a certain level and then
the titillating
in doubt
certainly does the trick of making us care about its protagonist and celebrate his victories
slam-bang
Silberling had the best intentions here
certain charm
the benefit of decent acting , writing , and direction
the things that made the first one charming
certain ambition
surprising new life into the familiar by amalgamating genres and adding true human complexity to its not-so-stock characters
's a sadistic bike flick that would have made Vittorio De Sica proud
uncommonly pleasurable
surprisingly sincere
have a cute partnership in I Spy
the ride ( bumps and all ) , creamy depth , and
the right place ...
have a reasonably good time with The Salton Sea
the ride ( bumps and all ) , creamy depth
demonstrates a great eye
undeniably worthy
Tres Greek writer and star Nia Vardalos has crafted here a worldly-wise and very funny script .
the ongoing efforts of Cube , and
a gloriously goofy way
a gleefully grungy , hilariously wicked black comedy ...
a good fight
a good documentarian
a good chance of being the big
a good bark
a good match
his ninth decade
visual charm or texture
visual charm
vision is beginning to feel
visual appeal
resist his pleas to spare wildlife and respect their environs
that rival vintage Looney Tunes for the most creative mayhem in a brief amount of time
Maid in Manhattan might not look so appealing on third or fourth viewing down the road ... But as a high concept vehicle for two bright stars of the moment who can rise to fans ' lofty expectations , the movie passes inspection
respectful
of liveliness
in how much they engage and even touch us
the most persnickety preteens should enjoy this nonthreatening but thrilling adventure .
as that sentiment
meets-John
meets so many of the challenges it poses for itself that one can forgive the film its flaws .
both wildly implausible and strangely conventional
imagine anyone managing to steal a movie not only from charismatic rising star Jake Gyllenhaal but also from accomplished Oscar winners Susan Sarandon , Dustin Hoffman and Holly Hunter , yet newcomer Ellen Pompeo pulls off the feat with aplomb
imbue the theme with added depth and resonance
exceptional film
excessively quirky
, still photographs and charming old reel-to-reel recordings of Meeropol entertaining his children to create his song history , but most powerful of all
, superior
, slight but a pleasure
, so bleakly amusing about how we go about our lives
, sharp acting and partially animated interludes
, shut out the real world , and take a vicarious voyage to the last frontier
to entertain the preschool set while embracing a wholesome attitude
, sweet and playful
, talking and singing heads and all
the edge of your seat for long stretches
seems timely and important
seems so real
seems so real because it does not attempt to filter out the complexity
seems positively French in its rhythms and resonance
seems so larger than life and yet so fragile
that dazzles the eye , challenges the brain , and satisfies our lust for fast-paced action
oddly cheerful
worldly-wise and very funny
his sentimental journey of the heart
his sentimental journey
his promise remains undiminished
his promise
his own preoccupations and obsessions
his smart , edgy voice and
're engulfed by it .
're gonna like this movie
're in a slap-happy mood
're in the mood for a melodrama narrated by talking fish
seems to have recharged him .
seems to include every top-notch British actor who did not appear in Gosford Park ( as well as one , Ms. Mirren , who did )
worth catching
worth a recommendation
appreciation of the daily
appreciation of the daily grind that only the most hardhearted Scrooge could fail to respond
appreciated
appreciated most
approaches Swedish fatalism using Gary Larson 's Far Side humor
the effort is gratefully received
came up with a treasure chest of material
came handed down from the movie gods on a silver platter , this is it .
is most remarkable not because of its epic scope , but because of the startling intimacy
is most remarkable not because of its epic scope , but because of the startling intimacy it achieves despite that breadth
is more than a movie . Go
is more than a movie . Go .
is more than a movie .
is most remarkable not because of its epic scope , but because of the startling intimacy it achieves despite that breadth .
is most transporting when it stays put in the past
A moving and weighty depiction of one family 's attempts to heal after the death of a child .
A moving and weighty depiction of one family
A moving and weighty depiction
A moving story of determination and the human spirit
A moving story
A moving essay about the specter of death , especially suicide .
A moving essay about the specter of death , especially suicide
the astonishingly pivotal role of imagination in the soulful development of two rowdy teenagers
A much better documentary
A moving story of determination and the human spirit .
the astute direction of Cardoso
the astute direction of Cardoso and
the astute direction
squirts the screen in ` Warm Water Under a Red Bridge '
the creativity
as if the film careens from one colorful event to another without respite
as history
as if it has made its way into your very bloodstream
you have figured out the con and the players in this debut film by Argentine director Fabian Bielinsky
Nicholson proves once again that he 's the best brush in the business
Nicks sustains the level of exaggerated , stylized humor throughout by taking your expectations and twisting them just a bit .
Nicole Kidman evolved from star to superstar some time over the past year , which means that Birthday Girl is the kind of quirkily appealing minor movie she might not make for a while .
you could shake a stick at
a postmodern joke
purpose and even-handedness
as cutting , as witty or as true as back
as cutting , as witty or
as cutting , as witty
A movie of riveting power and sadness
never mind all that ; the boobs are fantasti
So young , so smart
So young , so smart , such talent , such a wise \*\*\* .
Soderbergh 's best films ,
Soderbergh 's best films
Soderbergh 's best films , `` Erin Brockovich
Soderbergh 's best films , ``
A mostly believable , refreshingly low-key and quietly inspirational little sports drama .
you care about the characters
this is your ticket right here .
Fans of Plympton 's shorts may marginally enjoy the film ,
Fans of Plympton 's shorts may marginally enjoy the film
like their characters
multifaceted
Far more imaginative and ambitious
Far more imaginative and ambitious than the trivial , cash-in features
Fans of the animated wildlife adventure show will be in warthog heaven ; others need not necessarily apply .
Fans of the animated wildlife adventure show
Fans of the animated wildlife adventure show will be in warthog heaven
Fans of Nijinsky
Fans of Nijinsky will savor every minute of Cox 's work .
Family Fundamentals displays a rare gift for unflinching impartiality
Family Fundamentals displays a rare gift for unflinching impartiality .
( But it 's ) worth recommending because of two marvelous performances by Michael Caine and Brendan Fraser
( Schweiger is ) talented and terribly charismatic , qualities essential to both movie stars and social anarchists .
( Drumline ) is entertaining for what it does , and admirable for what it does n't do .
the final dance work , the selection , became in its final form
( A ) rare , beautiful film .
's no better film than Half Past Dead
's nice to watch a movie that has n't been focus-grouped into tedium
know what it wants to be when it grows up
is definitely a cut above the rest .
's no denying the elaborateness of the artist 's conceptions , nor his ability to depict them with outrageous elan
are as cute as all get-out
will once again be an honest and loving one
will make you laugh
the movie has enough vitality to justify the notion of creating a screen adaptation of Evans ' saga of Hollywood excess .
austerity and forcefulness
auspicious feature debut
on foreign shores
supporting
, magnificent to behold in its sparkling beauty yet in reality it 's one tough rock .
its setting with a good deal of warmth and humor
its shortcomings are remembered only as an afterthought
Too bad , but thanks to some lovely comedic moments and several fine performances , it 's not a total loss .
Too bad , but thanks to some lovely comedic moments and several fine performances
Tony Gayton 's script does n't give us anything we have n't seen before , but director D.J. Caruso 's grimy visual veneer and Kilmer 's absorbing performance increase the gravitational pull considerably
placed in the pantheon of the best of the swashbucklers but it is a whole lot of fun and you get to see the one of the world 's best actors , Daniel Auteuil ,
placed in the pantheon of the best of the swashbucklers
plan to make Enough into ` an inspiring tale of survival wrapped in the heart-pounding suspense of a stylish psychological thriller '
the movie is in a class by itself
so funny in drag
translate well to the screen
rather clever
flexible
flashy
commands attention .
commander-in-chief
commands attention
commanding screen presence
moments of genuine insight into the urban heart
the comic effects of jealousy
moments and an intelligent subtlety
moments of hilarity to be had
moments of jaw-droppingly odd behavior
, and take a vicarious voyage to the last frontier
, and should work its magic in other parts of the world
, and this is a better film than his earlier English-language movie , the overpraised Elizabeth .
, and that erasing them recasts the self
, and undoubtedly delighted
done up by Howard
drawn excellent performances
draws our attention
draws our attention like a magnet ,
of daring films
of dazzling entertainment
about how good it all was , and started doing nothing but reacting to it - feeling a part of its grand locations , thinking urgently as the protagonists struggled , feeling at the mercy of its inventiveness , gasping at its visual delights
about guys and dolls
If `` Lilo & Stitch '' is n't the most edgy piece of Disney animation to hit the silver screen , then this first film to use a watercolor background since `` Dumbo '' certainly ranks as the most original in years .
enhances the quality of neil burger 's impressive fake documentary
enough twists
enough secondary action to keep things moving along at a brisk , amusing pace
Though Jackson does n't always succeed in integrating the characters in the foreground into the extraordinarily rich landscape , it must be said that he is an imaginative filmmaker who can see the forest for the trees .
Those with a modicum of patience will find in these characters ' foibles a timeless and unique perspective .
has its moments in looking at the comic effects of jealousy
has kind of an authentic feel
has injected self-consciousness into the proceedings at every turn
has injected self-consciousness into the proceedings at every turn .
has its audience giddy with the delight of discovery
is immaculately produced
that proposes as epic tragedy the plight of a callow rich boy who is forced to choose between his beautiful , self-satisfied 22-year-old girlfriend and an equally beautiful , self-satisfied 18-year-old mistress
that rivals shakespeare for intrigue , treachery and murder
that resonate with profundity
a minimalist Beauty
a minimalist Beauty and
were funny ( enough ) or exciting ( enough )
marks a modest if encouraging return
marks a modest if encouraging return to form
that Calvin Jr . 's Barbershop represents some sort of beacon of hope in the middle of Chicago 's South Side
more accessible
more adventurous
for the blacklight crowd , way cheaper ( and better )
is a triumph for its maverick director .
is alive and well and living in LA
The tasteful little revision works
The tasteful little revision works wonders , enhancing the cultural and economic subtext , bringing richer meaning to the story 's morals .
The sword fighting is well done and Auteuil is a goofy pleasure
The sword fighting is well done and Auteuil is a goofy pleasure .
apart is the vision that Taymor , the avant garde director of Broadway 's The Lion King and the film Titus , brings
Few films have captured the chaos of an urban conflagration with such fury , and
Few films have captured the chaos of an urban conflagration with such fury ,
Filled with Alexandre Desplat 's haunting and sublime music , the movie completely transfixes the audience .
Fierce , glaring and unforgettable .
Few films have captured the chaos of an urban conflagration with such fury , and audience members will leave feeling as shaken as Nesbitt 's Cooper looks when the bullets stop flying .
anybody contemplating their own drastic life changes should watch Some Body first
refreshingly novel ride
Philippe , who makes Oliver far more interesting than the character 's lines would suggest , and
Piccoli is warmly affecting and so is this adroitly minimalist movie .
Philippe , who makes Oliver far more interesting than the character 's lines would suggest , and Sarandon , who could n't be better as a cruel but weirdly likable WASP matron
a watch
work more often than not
the best rock
work and 2002 's first great film
takes your breath
takes your breath away
British children rediscovering the power of fantasy during wartime
British children
Bring on the sequel .
Bring on the sequel
that has something a little more special behind it : music that did n't sell many records but helped change a nation
that have preceded it
the best script
( Garbus )
( Fiji diver Rusi Vulakoro and the married couple Howard and Michelle Hall ) show us the world they love and make
( Fiji diver Rusi Vulakoro and the married couple Howard and Michelle Hall )
( Ferrera ) has the charisma of a young woman who knows how to hold the screen .
a strong script , powerful direction and splendid production design allows us to be transported into the life of wladyslaw szpilman , who is not only a pianist , but a good human being .
prima
like having a real film of Nijinsky
that has finally , to some extent , warmed up to him
the best of them
a gifted director who definitely has something on his mind
a girl-power movie that does n't feel it has to prove anything
a glorious groove
a glorious groove that leaves you wanting more
a good , straightforward tale , but Time Out is better . It 's haunting .
a good deal
a good deal of warmth and humor
a good director
a good film -- not a classic , but odd , entertaining and authentic
the best of Hollywood 's comic-book
A sharp , amusing study of the cult
the best performance from either in years
surprisingly decent flick
Skillfully weaves both the elements of the plot and a powerfully evocative mood combining heated sexuality with a haunting sense of malaise .
Skillfully
surprisingly sweet and gentle
surprisingly sensitive
the best performance
surprisingly sensitive script co-written
the most transporting or gripping film from Iran -- or
with a certain degree of wit and dignity
Smith profiles five extraordinary American homes , and because the owners seem fully aware of the uses and abuses of fame , it 's a pleasure to enjoy their eccentricities .
Smith profiles five extraordinary American homes
Smith 's point is simple and obvious -- people 's homes are extensions of themselves , and particularly eccentric people have particularly eccentric living spaces -- but his subjects are charmers .
So refreshingly incisive
So many documentaries like this presuppose religious bigotry or zealous nuttiness of its antagonists , but Family Fundamentals displays a rare gift for unflinching impartiality .
So unassuming and pure of heart , you ca n't help but warmly extend your arms and yell ` Safe ! '
So refreshingly incisive is Grant that for the first time he 'll probably appeal more to guys than to their girlfriends who drag them to this movie for the Hugh factor .
the most haunting ,
entertaining his children
ultimately worthwhile
ultimately satisfies with its moving story
, and always interesting
a coherent whole
sorrowful and hilarious
sorrowful and hilarious tone poem
soulful
soulful movie
Veggie Tales Movie
speaks volumes about the ability of the human spirit to find solace in events that could easily crush it forever
Vaguely interesting
funny and ultimately sobering film
funny blend
funniest movie
funny , highly enjoyable
fun with the material
funnier
funny and consistently odd , and it
funny and ultimately
funny and at other times candidly revealing
funny and consistently odd
, but the film conjures the magic of author J . K . Rowling 's books
Fluffy
A-list Brit actors
A wry , affectionate delight
A wry , affectionate delight .
A zippy 96 minutes
like the dreaded King Brown snake . Personally
like the happy music
wryly amusing
wry , winning , if languidly paced , meditation
y apuestas bien fundadas
, convincing dialogue
, creativity , and fearlessness
Hoffman brings to his characters , as if he has been giving them private lessons
Hogan 's Heroes star Bob Crane
aplenty
anything we have n't seen before
a world-class actor
a world-class actor with Confessions of a Dangerous Mind
to a crescendo that encompasses many more paths than we started with
the first full scale WWII flick
De Niro , McDormand and the other good actors
I had a pretty good time with this movie - despite its myriad flaws
I do n't know precisely what to make of Steven Soderbergh 's Full Frontal , though that did n't stop me from enjoying much of it .
I enjoyed the ride ( bumps and all ) , creamy depth , and ultimate theme .
I whole-heartedly recommend that everyone see this movie -- for its historical significance alone .
I have ever seen that still manages to be uplifting but not overly sentimental
I like the new footage and still love the old stuff .
If no one singles out any of these performances as award-worthy , it 's only because we would expect nothing less from this bunch .
will almost certainly be fascinated
the gears of justice
funny and good-natured
funny and true
funny dance
funny fable
fully understand all the sexual permutations involved
fun lacking any MTV puffery
fun to see Goodall and her chimpanzees on the bigger-than-life screen
gambol fluidly through the story , with charming results
knows great comedy need n't always make us laugh
know that the likely audience will already be among the faithful
know their roles so well
the theater in the first 10 minutes
knows how to drive it to the max
knows great comedy need n't always make us laugh .
the test of time
express warmth and longing
exploring the idea of why human beings long for what they do n't have , and how this gets us in trouble
Collateral Damage offers formula payback and the Big Payoff , but the explosions tend to simply hit their marks , pyro-correctly
Collateral Damage offers formula payback and the Big Payoff
a more fascinating look at the future than `` Bladerunner '' and one of the most high-concept sci fi adventures attempted for the screen
a great deal of thought
a message that cautions children about disturbing the world 's delicate ecological balance
yourself remembering this refreshing visit to a Sunshine State
own ambitious goals
Attal mixes comedy with a serious exploration of ego and jealousy within a seemingly serene marriage .
Screenwriting award
owes enormous debts to Aliens and every previous dragon drama
of heartbreaking honesty to keep one glued to the screen
of heart
of how art -- when done right -- can help heal
of imagery and hypnotic music
nourishing aspects
nourishing
notorious rise
a pleasant enough romance with intellectual underpinnings
a pleasant enough romance with intellectual underpinnings ,
a pleasant enough romance with intellectual underpinnings , the kind of movie that entertains even as it turns maddeningly predictable .
a picture-perfect beach
a pleasant
a pleasant enough
a pleasant enough romance
favorite musical
favors the scientific over the spectacular ( visually speaking ) .
are all spot
That ` Alabama ' manages to be pleasant in spite of its predictability and occasional slowness is due primarily to the perkiness of Witherspoon ( who is always a joy to watch , even when her material is not first-rate ) ...
That ` Alabama ' manages to be pleasant in spite of its predictability and
That ` Alabama ' manages to be pleasant in spite of its predictability and occasional slowness is due primarily to the perkiness of Witherspoon ( who is always a joy to watch , even when her material is not first-rate )
That ` Alabama ' manages to be pleasant in spite of its predictability
That , in itself , is extraordinary .
be funny , uplifting and moving ,
be funny , uplifting and moving
be funny , uplifting and moving , sometimes all at once . The extent to which it succeeds is impressive
be kind of heartwarming
be kind of heartwarming , nonetheless
be kind of heartwarming ,
be liberating
be lauded for finding a new and ingenious angle
the uncompromising knowledge
politically audacious
going for the audience as well
going for it
the ultimate Scorsese film
geniality
their loved ones
their familiarity
genial romance
the ultimate movie experience
That Storytelling has value can not be denied .
have taken an small slice of history and opened it up for all of us to understand
have that kind of impact on me these days
something any true film addict will want to check out
the type of film about growing up that we do n't see often enough these days :
admire the way it accumulates power and depth
adrenaline jolt
adrenalized
the type of film about growing up that we do n't see often enough these days : realistic , urgent
reason to see it
good woman
its cinematic flash
is popular and powerful in this high-tech age
is not ` Who ?
is popular and powerful in this high-tech age ,
actually thrilled
textbook lives
becomes ponderous in its teaching of history
a twisted sense of humor
Sandler , liberated from the constraints of formula ,
Sandler , liberated from the constraints of formula , reveals unexpected depths as an actor
wit , feeling and believability
Austin Powers in Goldmember is like binging on cotton candy .
Austin Powers in Goldmember '' has the right stuff for silly summer entertainment and
Austin Powers in Goldmember '' has the right stuff for silly summer entertainment and has enough laughs to sustain interest to the end
Austin Powers in Goldmember '' has the right stuff for silly summer entertainment and has enough laughs to sustain interest to the end .
Austin Powers in Goldmember '' has the right stuff for silly summer entertainment
These are names to remember
an outline for a role he still needs to grow into , a role that Ford effortlessly filled with authority
an outrageous dark satire
the celebrated
of masters of both
taken one of the world 's most fascinating stories and
( Plays )
, Skins is heartfelt and achingly real .
, Secretary is a genial romance that maintains a surprisingly buoyant tone throughout , notwithstanding some of the writers ' sporadic dips into pop Freudianism .
, Sex with Strangers is a success .
, Sand and Musset are worth particular attention
, Showtime is nevertheless efficiently amusing for a good while . Before it collapses into exactly the kind of buddy cop comedy it set out to lampoon , anyway .
, Sia lacks visual flair . But Kouyate elicits strong performances from his cast , and he delivers a powerful commentary on how governments lie , no matter who runs them .
, Shiri is a must for genre fans .
. Still , as a visual treat , the film is almost unsurpassed .
. Still , it gets the job done -- a sleepy afternoon rental .
to be clever , amusing and unpredictable
to be awed by the power and grace of one of the greatest natural sportsmen of modern times
refreshingly natural
to be another winning star vehicle
to be a most hard-hearted person not to be moved by this drama
the inspired performance of Tim Allen
deeply serious movie
deeply in love with its own quirky personality .
they will have a showdown
they used to anymore
turns the goose-pimple genre on its empty head and fills it with spirit , purpose and emotionally bruised characters who add up to more than body count
a couple of screen-eating dominatrixes like Goldie Hawn and Susan Sarandon at their raunchy best
a confidence
of the best of the swashbucklers
works because of the ideal casting of the masterful British actor Ian Holm
nonchalantly freaky and uncommonly pleasurable , warm water
nonchalantly freaky and uncommonly pleasurable , warm water may well be the year 's best and most unpredictable comedy
Signs is a good film , and
I suppose it 's lovely that Cal works out his issues with his dad and comes to terms with his picture-perfect life --
I still like Moonlight Mile , better judgment be damned
I shamelessly enjoyed it
characterization , humor
works because of the universal themes , earnest performances ... and excellent use of music by India 's popular Gulzar and Jagjit Singh
The stunt work is top-notch ;
The stunt work is top-notch
The superior plotline
The stunt work is top-notch ; the dialogue and drama often food-spittingly funny .
The stunt work is top-notch ; the dialogue and drama often food-spittingly funny
( Director Peter ) Jackson and his crew have so steeped themselves in the majesty of Tolkien 's writing that every frame produces new joys , whether you 're a fan of the books or not .
( D ) oes n't bother being as cloying or preachy as equivalent evangelical Christian movies -- maybe the filmmakers know that the likely audience will already be among the faithful .
( Director Peter ) Jackson
( Gai ) comes closer to any actress I can remember to personifying independence in its purest and , yes , most intimidating form .
( Fessenden ) is much more into ambiguity and creating mood than he is for on screen thrills
draws out the best from his large cast in beautifully articulated portrayals that are subtle and so expressive they can sustain the poetic flights in Burdette 's dialogue .
drawn excellent performances from his cast
drawn with a master 's steady stroke
drawn with a master 's steady stroke .
draws out the best from his large cast in beautifully articulated portrayals that are subtle and so expressive they can sustain the poetic flights in Burdette 's dialogue
Director Nancy Savoca 's no-frills record of a show forged in still-raw emotions captures the unsettled tenor of that post 9-11 period far better than a more measured or polished production ever could .
smiling for the camera
movies to come along in a long , long time
movies to the list of things he does well
movies to come along in a long , long time , easily rivaling Blair Witch or The Others
a story whose restatement is validated by the changing composition of the nation
moviegoers of any age
movies -- both colorful pop junk and the classics that unequivocally qualify as art --
moviegoing pleasures
a story , an old and scary one , about the monsters we make , and the vengeance they take .
a story that 's a lot richer than the ones Hollywood action screenwriters usually come up with on their own
a story that zings all the way through with originality , humour and pathos
from Mel Gibson and a brutal 90-minute battle sequence that does everything but issue you a dog-tag and an M-16
courageous Scottish lady
courageous
courageous Molly Craig
courage , tragedy and the little guys vs . the big guys
courtroom movies , a few nifty twists that are so crucial to the genre and another first-rate performance by top-billed star Bruce Willis
a pleasurable trifle
I was sent a copyof this film to review on DVD . For
it had a sense of humor
based on a true and historically significant story
the perfectly pitched web
the performances are often engaging
the performances of Pacino , Williams , and Swank keep the viewer wide-awake all the way through
the funniest movie
rubbo 's humorously tendentious intervention into the who-wrote-shakespeare controversy .
particularly well made
particularly innovative
just the right tone
his tale a warm glow
while the new film is much more eye-catching than its blood-drenched stephen norrington-directed predecessor , the new script by the returning david s . goyer is much sillier
What ( Denis ) accomplishes in his chilling , unnerving film is a double portrait of two young women whose lives were as claustrophic , suffocating and chilly as the attics to which they were inevitably consigned .
What 's the Russian word for Wow ! ? '
What ( Denis ) accomplishes in his chilling , unnerving film
What 's surprising is how well it holds up in an era in which computer-generated images are the norm .
What I saw , I enjoyed .
What Lee does so marvelously compelling is present Brown as a catalyst for the struggle of black manhood in restrictive and chaotic America ... sketchy but nevertheless gripping portrait of Jim Brown , a celebrated wonder in the spotlight
unexpected depths as an actor
unequivocally qualify as art
big , brassy , disturbing , unusual and highly successful film
uneven but intriguing drama
big , brassy , disturbing , unusual and highly successful
a potent metaphor
the joy of Fuhrman 's destructive escapism or
the joy of Fuhrman 's destructive escapism or the grace-in-rebellion found by his characters
After Next spreads them pretty thin
African American professionals
because it was particularly funny
beautiful work
beautiful images and solemn words
beautiful food entrée
beautiful , evocative
Clooney directs this film always keeping the balance between the fantastic and the believable ...
Contando com uma premissa curiosa , o filme mergulha o espectador em um clima de forte suspense , culminando em um desfecho que certamente fica na memória .
The work of a filmmaker who has secrets buried at the heart of his story and knows how to take time revealing them .
The work of a filmmaker who has secrets buried at the heart of his story and knows how to take time revealing them
The wanton slipperiness of \* Corpus and its amiable jerking and reshaping of physical time and space would make it a great piece to watch with kids and use to introduce video as art .
The wonderfully lush Morvern Callar is pure punk existentialism , and Ms. Ramsay and her co-writer , Liana Dognini , have dramatized the Alan Warner novel , which itself felt like an answer to Irvine Welsh 's book Trainspotting .
The wonderfully lush Morvern Callar is pure punk existentialism , and Ms. Ramsay and her co-writer , Liana Dognini , have dramatized the Alan Warner novel , which itself felt like an answer to Irvine Welsh 's book Trainspotting
be really funny
demonstrates a wry understanding of the quirks of fame .
demonstrates a wry understanding of the quirks of fame
offers us the sense that on some elemental level , Lilia deeply wants to break free of her old life .
offers rare insight into the structure of relationships
offers rare insight
offers rare insight into the structure of relationships .
offers us the sense that on some elemental level , Lilia deeply wants to break free of her old life
Ms. Bullock 's best work
Ms. Fulford-Wierzbicki is almost spooky in her sulky , calculating Lolita turn .
have enough finely tuned
elegant technology
Trekkie loyalty
the reality of its characters to go over the edge . A touch of humor
the wit , humor and snappy dialogue of the original
the reality of its characters to go over the edge . A touch of humor or an unexpected plot twist always pulls it back
you see this film you 'll know too
holds true to Wilde 's own vision of a pure comedy with absolutely no meaning , and no desire to be anything but a polished , sophisticated entertainment that is in love with its own cleverness
honesty and beauty
holds true to Wilde 's own vision of a pure comedy with absolutely no meaning , and no desire to be anything but a polished , sophisticated entertainment that is in love with its own cleverness .
horrifically vivid
this modern mob music drama never fails to fascinate .
The Ring moderately absorbing , largely for its elegantly colorful look and sound
it 's more comedy
this must have been a difficult shoot
and Gibson , stepping in for Bruce Willis , is the perfect actor to take us on the trip .
and Eisenberg 's sweet nephew
feel-good family comedy
can locate a genuinely honest moment in their movie
can make it more than fitfully entertaining
feel realistic
feel realistic .
feel the least bit ashamed in admitting that my enjoyment came at the expense of seeing justice served , even if it 's a dish that 's best served cold
feel too happy to argue much
to be engaging
presume
to be embraced
, like Beau Travil and Nenette et Boni , could prepare us for this gory , perverted , sex-soaked riff on the cannibal genre
, liberated from the constraints of formula ,
, lightweight and bizarrely original
, literary lyricism and profound common sense .
, lively , funny and ultimately sobering film .
incredibly
the philosophical musings
to find new avenues of discourse on old problems
to form that can comfortably sit among Jean-Luc Godard 's finest work
the-loose banter of Welcome to Collinwood has a cocky , after-hours loopiness to it .
beyond the end zone
that it 's a rock-solid little genre picture
Nebrida
Neil Burger here succeeded in
Neil Burger here succeeded in ... making the mystery of four decades back the springboard for a more immediate mystery in the present
this movie 's got it
a great , participatory spectator sport . '
a great deal of fun
a gorgeous film - vivid with color , music and life
a gripping , tidy little movie that takes Mr. Hill higher than he 's been in a while
a great piece to watch with kids and use to introduce video as art
there 's no scene that screams '' bathroom break ! ''
then you wo n't want to miss About A Boy .
there 's much truth
harnesses to full effect the energetic cast
harnesses to full effect the energetic cast .
semi-amusing to watch Robert DeNiro belt out `` When you 're a Jet
Movie .
Mr . Besson
to blue hilarity
provides perspective
meant to be universal in its themes of loyalty , courage and dedication to a common goal , never
professes his love
providing a precious twinkle of insight
provides some great insight
unexpected comedy
unexpected heights
unexpected flashes of dark comedy
its conclusion , when we hear the ultimate fate of these girls and realize , much to our dismay , that this really did happen
best-selling
best-sustained
-- you wo n't want to miss .
-- which forces us to confront what 's possible and what we might do to make it so
-- there 's no scene that screams '' bathroom break ! ''
-- for its historical significance alone
The journey is worth your time , especially if you have Ellen Pompeo sitting next to you for the ride .
an almost palpable sense of intensity
for Soderbergh fans who think he 's gone too commercial since his two Oscar nominated films in 2000
for Lil Bow Wow , who can now add movies to the list of things he does well
for Sandler 's many talents
of pointed personalities , courage , tragedy and the little guys
of pleasure or sensuality
of pre-9 \/ 11 New York and onto a cross-country road trip of the Homeric kind
of pre-9 \/ 11 New York and
captures the intended , er , spirit of the piece
captures that perverse element of the Kafkaesque where identity , overnight , is robbed and replaced with a persecuted `` other . ''
I laughed at
captures that perverse element of the Kafkaesque where identity , overnight , is robbed and replaced with a persecuted `` other
capture the magic of the original
I liked a lot of the smaller scenes .
The skills of a calculus major at M . I . T .
The sight of the name Bruce Willis brings to mind images of a violent battlefield action picture , but the film has a lot more on its mind -- maybe too much
so , I trust
snow-and-stuntwork extravaganza
sneaks up on the viewer , providing an experience that is richer than anticipated
lay her life
as it stands I
shows us a slice of life that 's very different from our own and yet instantly recognizable
startlingly
start to shine through
`` Cremaster 3 '' should come with the warning `` For serious film buffs only ! ''
the funniest moments in this oddly sweet comedy about jokester highway patrolmen
`` Catch Me '' feels capable of charming the masses with star power , a pop-induced score and sentimental moments that have become a Spielberg trademark .
provocatively so
the nearly impossible . He has improved upon the first and taken it a step further , richer and deeper .
the most significant moviegoing pleasures
so well
killer CGI effects
A pretty decent kid-pleasing ,
so teeming that even cranky adults may rediscover the quivering kid inside
genre gem
A pretty decent kid-pleasing
genial and
genial and decent
genial
generous and subversive
generous and subversive artworks
generous , inspiring
generous , inspiring film
I like Frank the Pug , though .
so perfectly
I love the robust middle of this picture .
I loved it !
I love it ... hell , I dunno .
their watches
I love the opening scenes of a wintry New York City in 1899 .
A powerful and telling story that examines forbidden love , racial tension , and other issues that are as valid today as they were in the 1950s .
A powerful and telling story that examines forbidden love , racial tension , and other issues that are as valid today as they were in the 1950s
Just about the surest bet for an all-around good time at the movies this summer
Just about the surest bet
Just as moving , uplifting and funny as ever .
Just about the surest bet for an all-around good time at the movies this summer .
K-19 : The Widowmaker is derivative , overlong , and bombastic -- yet surprisingly entertaining .
Kafka
older and wiser eyes ,
a prolific director
the most committed Pokemon fan
a promise nor
comedy spectacle
comedy special
gunning to make a great one
a Copenhagen neighborhood coping with the befuddling complications life
to win any Academy Awards
gymnast
for their Mamet
is n't a bad film
as rude and profane as ever , always hilarious and
as rude and profane as ever , always hilarious and , most of the time , absolutely
twinkly-eyed
scope and
the visual flair and bouncing bravado
the visual panache
cozy
create a feature film that is wickedly fun to watch
in a neat way
in a series of achronological vignettes whose cumulative effect is chilling
in a slap-happy mood
might have been one of the more daring and surprising American movies of the year
might have been one of the more daring and surprising American movies of the year .
Decent
feel the screenwriter at every moment
visual playfulness
as loosey-goosey , experimental entertainment .
as one of the most important stories to be told in Australia 's film history
as one of the most important stories
as pleasantly in its own way as its self-dramatizing characters
as pleasantly in its own way
as resolute in their emotional nakedness
well intentioned
well worth revisiting as many times
well worth revisiting
well told .
distinguished and thoughtful film
by killer CGI effects
do it ,
comic potential
comic moments
the inherent conflict between commerce and creativity
enjoyed .
enjoyable in its own right
enjoyable feel-good family comedy
enjoyable trifle
enjoyable randomness
enjoyable ease
enjoyable documentary .
enjoyable family fare
enjoyable family
do a homage
do a good job of painting this family dynamic for the audience
a longtime admirer
willing to probe its inscrutable mysteries
do a load of good
his resolutely dramatic variation on the novel
his richest roles
It 's the kind of effectively creepy-scary thriller that has you fixating on a far corner of the screen at times because your nerves just ca n't take it any more .
It 's sweet , funny , charming , and completely delightful .
It 's sweet . It 's funny . It wears its heart on the sleeve of its gaudy Hawaiian shirt .
a load of good
It 's sweet . It 's funny . It wears its heart on the sleeve of its gaudy Hawaiian shirt . And ,
It 's sweet . It 's funny . It wears its heart on the sleeve of its gaudy Hawaiian shirt . And , thanks to the presence of ` the King , ' it also rocks
It 's sweet . It 's funny . It wears its heart on the sleeve of its gaudy Hawaiian shirt . And , thanks to the presence of ` the King , ' it also rocks .
It 's sweet and fluffy at the time
in this intelligent and restrained coming-of-age drama
in this intelligent and restrained coming-of-age drama .
a playful spirit
in this animated sweet film
in this high-tech age
in this high-tech age , speaking its truths with spellbinding imagery and the entrancing music of Philip Glass
that 's pure entertainment
a piece of handiwork that shows its indie tatters and self-conscious seams in places , but has some quietly moving moments and an intelligent subtlety
that educates viewers with words and pictures while entertaining them
that 's part of what makes Dover Kosashvili 's outstanding feature debut so potent
that effectively combines two surefire , beloved genres
Romantic comedy
that director M . Night Shyamalan can weave an eerie spell and that Mel Gibson can gasp , shudder and even tremble without losing his machismo
pee-related sight gags that might even cause Tom Green a grimace ; still , Myer 's energy and the silliness of it all eventually prevail
perfect kind
perfect balance
all movies
Mr. Spielberg 's 1993 classic
is a solid performance by Arliss Howard .
Mr. Spielberg and his company just want you to enjoy yourselves without feeling conned .
when it does , you 're entirely unprepared
an admirable one that tries to immerse us in a world of artistic abandon and political madness and very nearly
His last movie was poetically romantic and full of indelible images ,
His last movie was poetically romantic and full of indelible images
His healthy sense of satire is light and fun ...
His characters are engaging , intimate and the dialogue is realistic and greatly moving .
should be seen by all , especially those who are n't aware of , or have forgotten about the unmentioned victims of war
is a succinct low-budget film whose compelling characters and intelligent script are exactly what was missing from Rabbit-Proof Fence .
all new
masterfully calibrated
masterfully calibrated psychological thriller
suffering and triumphs
such as sound and cinematography
such diverse cultures
such monastic devotion
such monastic devotion you 're not sure if you should applaud or look into having him committed
terrifically entertaining specimen
of it is clever , but it is never melodic \ \/
, then you wo n't want to miss About A Boy .
, there 's much truth
, these flicks are just that damn good . Is n't it great ?
, this crowd-pleaser 's fresh dialogue , energetic music , and good-natured spunk are often infectious .
, this is a movie that 's got oodles of style and substance .
, this lavish three-year-old production has enough grandeur and scale to satisfy as grown-up escapism .
, this slight comedy of manners has winning performances and a glossy , glib charm that 's hard to beat .
Simultaneously heartbreakingly beautiful
Simone '' is a fun and funky look into an artificial creation in a world that thrives on artificiality .
excellent job
exceedingly pleasant , designed not to offend .
A working class `` us vs. them '' opera that leaves no heartstring untugged and no liberal cause unplundered
A working class `` us vs. them '' opera that leaves no heartstring untugged and no liberal cause unplundered .
nicely acted and beautifully shot and scored
nicely acted
in which an ominous , pervasive , and unknown threat lurks just below the proceedings and adds an almost constant mindset of suspense
in which he would cut out figures from drawings and photographs and paste them together
new or singular sorts of film experiences
nice dialogue
warmth and gentle
warmth , wit and interesting characters compassionately portrayed
, you can do no wrong with Jason X .
, you might have fun in this cinematic sandbox
suspenseful and ultimately unpredictable
visual flair
warmth to go around , with music and laughter and the love of family
politically charged
somewhat well-acted
somewhat redeeming
ponder the peculiar American style of justice that plays out here
somewhat well-acted , not badly art-directed
somewhat well-acted ,
Walter Hill 's Undisputed is like a 1940s Warner Bros. .
with great sympathy and intelligence
with flawless amounts of acting , direction , story and pace
with fondness and respect
with formalist experimentation in cinematic art
with grace and humor
with grace and humor and
with grace and humor and gradually
with great help from Kevin Kline
visual influence
looks closely , insightfully at fragile , complex relationships
looks good
looks closely , insightfully
a movie that successfully crushes a best selling novel into a timeframe that mandates that you avoid the godzilla sized soda
seeing Joan grow from awkward young woman to strong , determined monarch
two personas interesting or worth caring about
two personas interesting or worth
good sign
you do n't have the slightest difficulty accepting him in the role
you feel fully embraced by this gentle comedy
to recommend it
gently political
gently humorous
gentle and biting
genuine dramatic impact
genuine and sweet
genuine and singular artist
genuine and
genuine insight into the urban heart
genuine excitement
about baseball to hit theaters since Field of Dreams .
about being a different kind of time traveler , while happily killing 94 minutes
to the experience
to the filmmaker 's extraordinary access to Massoud , whose charm , cultivation and devotion to his people are readily apparent
plucking tension from quiet
this intelligent and restrained coming-of-age drama
to the film 's considerable charm that it succeeds in entertaining , despite playing out like a feature-length sitcom replete with stereotypical familial quandaries
there are also some startling , surrealistic moments
it is funny
it is kind of enjoyable thanks mainly to Belushi 's easy-going likableness .
an improvement on the first Blade
an in-depth portrait
that rare quality
sincerely
an in-depth portrait of an iconoclastic artist
an in-depth portrait of an iconoclastic artist who was fundamentally unknowable even to his closest friends
a scorchingly plotted dramatic scenario
since , well , Performance
sin complejos
early work
earnest and well-meaning , and
assign one bright shining star to Roberto Benigni 's Pinocchio --
Credit director Ramsay
Credit director Ramsay for taking the sometimes improbable story and making it feel realistic .
Credit director Ramsay for taking the sometimes improbable story and making it
Crazy as Hell marks an encouraging new direction for La Salle .
like this make it human
likeable
likeable actors
literate and smart
, is funny and looks professional .
, is a treat .
, is a note of defiance over social dictates .
, involving Aragorn 's dreams of Arwen , this is even better than The Fellowship . There are scenes of cinematic perfection that steal your heart away .
, intriguing
exhilarating place
exhibit sharp comic timing that makes the more hackneyed elements of the film easier to digest
The new Insomnia is a surprisingly faithful remake of its chilly predecessor ,
The new Insomnia is a surprisingly faithful remake of its chilly predecessor
The movie should jolt you out of your seat a couple of times , give you a few laughs , and leave you feeling like it was worth your seven bucks , even though it does turn out to be a bit of a cheat in the end .
The new Insomnia
are the difference between this and countless other flicks about guys and dolls
are tossed out the window with the intelligent French drama that deftly explores the difficult relationship between a father and son
are tossed out the window with the intelligent French drama that deftly explores the difficult relationship between a father and son .
are true to the essence of what it is to be Ya-Ya
are well-honed
are well-honed .
a first-rate cast
a fireworks
a film that relies on personal relationships
a fine idea
shot the movie in delicious colors
scenery , vibe and all -- the cinematic equivalent of a big , tender hug
should bolster director and co-writer
should inspire reaction in its audience
an honest effort
hope that Nolan is poised to embark a major career as a commercial yet inventive filmmaker
hope for popular cinema
hopefulness
hopeful perseverance and hopeless closure
hopes and dreams
Disney classic
' is the kind of engaging historical drama that Hollywood appears to have given up on in favor of sentimental war movies in the vein of ` We Were Soldiers . '
' A fresh-faced , big-hearted and frequently funny thrill ride for the kiddies , with enough eye candy and cheeky wit to keep parents away from the concession stand . '
' I feel better already .
' Michael Moore gives us the perfect starting point for a national conversation about guns , violence , and fear .
& Stitch '' is n't the most edgy piece of Disney animation to hit the silver screen , then this first film to use a watercolor background since '' Dumbo '' certainly ranks as the most original in years .
' ... Despite lagging near the finish line , the movie runs a good race , one that will have you at the edge of your seat for long stretches . '
becomes a part of its fun
A jaw-droppingly beautiful work that upends nearly every cliché of Japanese animation while delivering a more than satisfactory amount of carnage .
A jaw-droppingly beautiful work that upends nearly every cliché of Japanese animation while delivering a more than satisfactory amount of carnage
a loosely autobiographical story brushed with sentimentality but brimming with gentle humor , bittersweet pathos , and
A little melodramatic , but with enough hope to keep you engaged .
visual delight
visual coming right
visceral and dangerously honest revelations about the men and machines behind the curtains of our planet
visceral and spiritual
visceral excitement
disquieting and thought-provoking film
The action sequences are fun and reminiscent of combat scenes from the Star Wars series .
The actresses may have worked up a back story for the women they portray so convincingly ,
The actresses may have worked up a back story for the women they portray so convincingly
a genial romance that maintains a surprisingly buoyant tone throughout , notwithstanding some of the writers ' sporadic dips into pop Freudianism
a genial romance
a genius
a genre that has been overexposed , redolent of a thousand cliches , and yet remains uniquely itself , vibrant with originality
a genre-curling crime story that revives the free-wheeling noir spirit of old French cinema
Hit
It 's endearing to hear Madame D. refer to her husband as ` Jackie ' -- and he does make for excellent company , not least as a self-conscious performer .
as a friend
a-knocking
Brainless , but enjoyably over-the-top , the retro gang melodrama
Brainless , but enjoyably over-the-top ,
said that Warm Water Under a Red Bridge is a poem to the enduring strengths of women
ability to pull together easily accessible stories
Brainless , but enjoyably over-the-top , the retro gang melodrama , Deuces Wild represents
Nothing can detract from the affection of that moral favorite : friends will be friends through thick and thin .
Nothing can detract from the affection of that moral favorite
Nothing can detract from the affection of that moral favorite :
Nothing can detract from the affection of that moral favorite : friends will be friends through thick and thin
Not since Ghostbusters has a film used Manhattan 's architecture in such a gloriously goofy way .
power-lunchers
powerhouse
powerful and provocative
praises female self-sacrifice
in an honest and unaffected ( and gentle ) way
in a way that seems compelling and even original
in a way that makes your spine tingle with revelation and excitement
in a way even its exacting author might admire
in a sweet and charming way
in a way that intrigues and even fascinates us
in a way few current films do
is consistently amusing and engrossing
is consistently amusing and engrossing ...
you of why animation is such a perfect medium for children , because of the way it allows the mind to enter and accept another world
you realize that deep inside righteousness can be found a tough beauty
you peek at it through the fingers in front of your eyes
you see it in these harrowing surf shots
is clever and funny , is amused by its special effects , and
is clever and funny , is amused by its special effects , and leaves you feeling like you 've seen a movie instead of an endless trailer
is clever and funny , is amused by its special effects , and leaves you feeling like you 've seen a movie instead of an endless trailer .
is compensated in large part by the off-the-wall dialogue , visual playfulness and the outlandishness of the idea itself
proves that a fresh take is always possible
provide a spell-casting beauty
provides an honest look at a community striving to anchor itself in new grounds .
is consistently
its oh-so-Hollywood rejiggering and its conventional direction to give the film a soul and an unabashed sense of good old-fashioned escapism
made with careful attention to detail
made with careful attention
made watchable by a bravura performance
made the original New Testament stories so compelling for 20 centuries
made to transplant a Hollywood star into Newfoundland 's wild soil
to light
are equally lovely but also relentlessly brutal and brutally intelligent
Director Chris Wedge and screenwriters Michael Berg , Michael J. Wilson and Peter Ackerman create some episodes that rival vintage Looney Tunes for the most creative mayhem in a brief amount of time .
Director Andrew Niccol ... demonstrates a wry understanding of the quirks of fame .
are decent
Director Claude Chabrol has become the master of innuendo .
Director Juan Jose Campanella could have turned this into an Argentine retread of `` Iris '' or `` American Beauty , '' but instead pulls a little from each film and creates something more beautiful than either of those films .
will forgive the flaws and love the film
to surprising highs , sorrowful lows and hidden impulsive niches ... gorgeous , passionate , and at times uncommonly moving
a gracious , eloquent film that by its end offers a ray of hope to the refugees able to look ahead and resist living in a past forever lost .
a great
swoony lyricism and violent catastrophe ... the most aggressively nerve-wracking and screamingly neurotic romantic comedy in cinema history
symbolic resonance
sweet-natured
a gracious , eloquent film that by its end offers a ray of hope to the refugees able to look ahead and resist living in a past forever
sweetest movie
sweet-natured reconsideration
a gracious , eloquent film that by its end offers a ray of hope to the refugees able to look ahead and resist living in a past forever lost
is awesome
is beautiful
is awe and affection -- and a strange urge to get on a board and , uh , shred , dude .
is at once playful and haunting , an in-depth portrait of an iconoclastic artist who was fundamentally unknowable even to his closest friends .
is at once a tough pill to swallow and a minor miracle of self-expression .
is at once playful and haunting , an in-depth portrait of an iconoclastic artist who was fundamentally unknowable even to his closest friends
will have a showdown
into the structure of relationships
a gracious , eloquent
into the subculture of extreme athletes whose derring-do puts the X into the games
into the urban heart
into the upper echelons of the directing world
some profound social commentary
some of this worn-out , pandering palaver is actually funny
` wow ' factor
available
actually a charming triumph where its intended under-12 audience is concerned
be pleased
be far more interesting to the soderbergh faithful than it will be to the casual moviegoer who might be lured in by julia roberts
be far more interesting to the soderbergh faithful
this level
averting an American-Russian Armageddon
onto a cross-country road trip of the Homeric kind
onto the end credits
some robust and scary entertainment
soft-porn 'em powerment
But it 's surprisingly harmless .
to effectively teach kids about the dangers of drugs
But it 's worth the concentration .
But it 's emotionally engrossing , too , thanks to strong , credible performances from the whole cast .
. Sever
too clever
you diverted and best of all
sellers
satisfies
satisfies our lust
uplifting but not
uplifting but not overly sentimental
stoked
satisfies our lust for fast-paced action
the production details are lavish
satisfying
savor
shift
sheer unbridled delight
` realistic '
bolster director and co-writer
feeds our senses
feeds our senses with the chilling sights and
feels very human and very true
philosophical visual coming right
's also extremely effective .
's also extremely effective
photographed and beautifully
's a nice departure from standard moviegoing fare .
photographed and beautifully recorded
's a welcome return to the roots of a genre that should depend on surprises
's a way to effectively teach kids about the dangers of drugs
's a metaphor for this love story
's a minor comedy that tries to balance sweetness with coarseness , while it paints a sad picture of the singles scene .
's a minor comedy that tries to balance sweetness with coarseness , while it paints a sad picture of the singles scene
it worth checking out at theaters
italy beckons us
give the film a certain timeless quality
give solid performances
give committed performances
give anyone a case of the frights
he 's got as potent a topic as ever here
he 's easy to like and always leaves us laughing
he 's made at least one damn fine horror movie
he 's a charismatic charmer likely to seduce and conquer .
gave us ''
of its aspiration to be a true ` epic '
of its actors
of invention
recreating it an in an African idiom
the be-all-end-all of the modern-office anomie films
the belly laughs of lowbrow comedy
wo n't have any trouble getting kids to eat up these Veggies
the belly laughs
a technically superb film
a tear-stained vintage Shirley Temple script
the best Korean film
a sweetness , clarity and emotional openness that recalls the classics of early Italian neorealism
a sweetness , clarity and emotional openness
a sweet and modest and ultimately winning story
Third time 's the charm ... yeah , baby
Third time 's the charm ... yeah , baby !
positively decadent in its cinematic flash
its exquisite acting , inventive screenplay , mesmerizing music ,
, poignant picture
happens to be good
, poignancy , and intelligence
happily glib
the core in a film you will never forget -- that you should never forget
delivers a monologue that manages to incorporate both the horror and the absurdity of the situation in a well-balanced fashion
Sustains
with a real subject in an always surprising way
delivers its share of laughs
thank
pleasure or
delivers its diversions
splendid-looking as this particular film
the fascinating connections
writer\/director Achero Manas 's film
the fascinating connections between women , water , nature , and sexuality
may never think of band camp as a geeky or nerdy thing again
may have set new standards for thrills , suspense , and gore for video games
the 1971 musical '' Bedknobs and Broomsticks , '' which also dealt with British children rediscovering the power of fantasy during wartime
connected to this movie
cheery and
cheery and tranquil suburban life
cheery and tranquil
maybe twice
maybe twice )
may well be the year 's best and most unpredictable comedy .
its Ideal predecessor
it would have been groundbreaking .
than spiffy bluescreen technique and stylish weaponry
work to see it at the first opportunity
you enough to feel good about
its target audience of youngsters
its sweeping battle scenes
its straight-ahead approach
its story about a mysterious creature with psychic abilities offers a solid build-up , a terrific climax , and some nice chills along the way
`` Gangs '' is never lethargic
`` Frailty '' starts out like a typical Bible killer story , but it turns out to be significantly different ( and better ) than most films with this theme .
as original
such aching beauty
such aching beauty and
such a speedy swan
it is so incisive , so bleakly amusing about how we go about our lives
it has a lot in common with Piesiewicz 's and Kieslowski 's earlier work , films like The Double Life of Veronique
it has a lot in common with Piesiewicz 's and Kieslowski 's earlier work , films like The Double Life of Veronique .
sure to raise audience 's spirits and leave them singing long after the credits roll
sure to win viewers ' hearts
surefire , beloved genres
it lightens your wallet without leaving a sting .
sure hand
, charming and quirky
, charming
, character-oriented piece
, caring , warm .
with imagination
, chilling and heart-warming
be remembered long afterwards
with its celeb-strewn backdrop well used .
Like all great films about a life you never knew existed , it offers much to absorb and even more to think about after the final frame .
Like its title character , this Nicholas Nickleby finds itself in reduced circumstances -- and , also like its hero , it remains brightly optimistic , coming through in the end .
naturalistic
a more ambitious movie
The real charm
The quirky drama touches the heart and the funnybone thanks to the energetic and always surprising performance by Rachel Griffiths .
The quirky drama
The real triumphs in Igby come from Philippe , who makes Oliver far more interesting than the character 's lines would suggest , and Sarandon , who could n't be better as a cruel but weirdly likable WASP matron .
The real triumphs in Igby
The real triumphs
watching it leaves you giddy . Half Past Dead
watching it leaves you giddy . Half Past Dead is just such an achievement
might add -- slice of comedic bliss
beat the odds and the human spirit triumphs
bearing the unmistakable stamp of authority
as one of the cleverest , most deceptively amusing comedies of the year
as naturally charming
as naturally charming as it needs to be
a doctor 's office , emergency room , hospital bed or insurance company office
a distinct rarity , and an event
a diverting -- if predictable -- adventure suitable for a matinee
even witty
even-toned direction
very informative
Reno does what he can in a thankless situation , the film ricochets from humor to violence and back again , and
Reno does what he can in a thankless situation , the film ricochets from humor to violence and back again ,
an interesting story
an interesting story of pointed personalities
an interesting slice of history
an interesting slice of history .
an interesting slice
an interesting look
an interesting look at the life of the campaign-trail press , especially ones
an interesting controversy
, but it 's extremely well played and often very funny .
, but it 's easily his finest American film ... comes close to recapturing the brilliance of his Hong Kong films .
, but it 's assured , wonderfully respectful of its past and thrilling enough to make it abundantly clear that this movie phenomenon has once again reinvented itself for a new generation .
, but it 's also one of the smarter , savvier spoofs to come along in some time .
, but it 's definitely -- defiantly -- ya ya , what with all of those terrific songs and spirited performances .
, but it 's challenging , sometimes clever , and always interesting
, but his smart , edgy voice and waddling profile ( emphasized here ) accent the humor of Wilson 's plight , and that saves his pathos from drippiness .
Birthday Girl ,
Birot is a competent enough filmmaker ,
Birot is a competent enough filmmaker
comic barbs
comforting
comfortable niche
wholesome and subversive
wholesome and
whose cumulative effect is chilling
Reno does what he can in a thankless situation , the film ricochets from humor to violence and back again , and Ryoko Hirosue makes us wonder if she is always like that
The cast ... keeps this pretty watchable , and casting Mick Jagger as director of the escort service was inspired .
The cast is phenomenal , especially the women .
The cast is spot on
Beauty reeks
, I pledge allegiance to Cagney and Lacey .
of a classic text since Roland Joffé and Demi Moore
of engaging historical drama that Hollywood appears to have given up on in favor of sentimental war movies in the vein of ` We Were Soldiers
way to demonstrate the virtues of the IMAX format
we all have in our hearts for acceptance within the family circle
watch as it is enlightening to listen to new sides of a previous reality , and to visit with some of the people who were able to make an impact in the theater world
watch them because you ca n't wait to see what they do next
for unflinching impartiality
for those who like sick comedies that can be snide .
for trying
for those who like sick comedies that can be snide
culture-clash comedy
curiously stylized
youthful affluence not as a lost ideal but a starting point
zany mix
youthful , out-to-change-the-world aggressiveness
zinger-filled crowd-pleaser
unfolds with all the mounting tension of an expert thriller ,
unfolds with all the mounting tension of an expert thriller
unfolds with all the mounting tension of an expert thriller , until the tragedy beneath it all gradually reveals itself .
unforgettable characters
After one gets the feeling that the typical Hollywood disregard for historical truth and realism is at work here , it 's a matter of finding entertainment in the experiences of Zishe and the fiery presence of Hanussen .
lamer instincts
bring fresh , unforced naturalism to their characters
bring
bring on the battle bots , please
bringing off a superb performance in an admittedly middling film
Evans ' career
Evans is no Hollywood villain
this is a big , juicy role
this is a highly ambitious and personal project for Egoyan
tends to pile too many '' serious issues '' on its plate at times , yet remains fairly light , always entertaining , and smartly written
Serious movie-goers embarking upon this journey will find that The Road to Perdition leads to a satisfying destination .
Wiseman is patient
Willie would have loved it
Wiseman is patient and uncompromising , letting his camera observe and record the lives of women torn apart by a legacy of abuse
Wiseman is patient and
Wiseman is patient and uncompromising , letting his camera observe and record the lives of women torn apart by a legacy of abuse .
is absorbing as well as thought-provoking .
is absorbing as well as thought-provoking
is actually a charming triumph where its intended under-12 audience is concerned
The Pianist ( is ) a supremely hopeful cautionary tale of war 's madness remembered that we , today , can prevent its tragic waste of life .
goes by the numbers and reps decent action entertainment
to make its subject interesting to those who are n't part of its supposed target audience
a big tub
a big deal , indeed -- at least the third-best , and maybe even a notch above the previous runner-up , Nicholas Meyer 's Star Trek VI :
a big deal , indeed -- at least the third-best , and maybe even a notch above the previous runner-up , Nicholas Meyer 's Star Trek VI : The Undiscovered Country
a big deal , indeed --
a big deal , indeed -- at least the third-best , and maybe even a notch above the previous runner-up , Nicholas Meyer 's Star Trek VI
a big deal , indeed
a big , brassy , disturbing , unusual and highly successful film
the kind of engaging historical drama that Hollywood appears to have given up on in favor of sentimental war movies in the vein of ` We Were Soldiers
in a '60s
's entertainingly
's energetic and satisfying if not deep and psychological .
's energetic and satisfying if not deep and psychological
's endlessly inventive , consistently intelligent and sickeningly savage
's defiantly and delightfully against the grain
's compelling and heartfelt -- even if the heart belongs to a big
Mr . Parker has brilliantly updated his source and grasped its essence , composing a sorrowful and hilarious tone poem about alienated labor , or an absurdist workplace sitcom .
Mr . Ratliff wisely rejects the temptation to make fun of his subjects .
Murderous Maids may well be the most comprehensive of these films and also strike closest to the truth .
the paranoid claustrophobia of a submarine movie with the unsettling spookiness of the supernatural
the paranoid claustrophobia of a submarine movie with the unsettling spookiness of the supernatural --
the paranoid claustrophobia of a submarine movie with the unsettling spookiness of the supernatural -- why did n't Hollywood think of this sooner ?
bringing an unforced , rapid-fire delivery to Toback 's Heidegger - and Nietzsche-referencing dialogue
brings out the allegory with remarkable skill
bring their characters to life .
bringing an unforced , rapid-fire delivery
the filmmaking in Invincible
brought to life on the big screen .
their parents , wise folks that they are
answered yes , by all means
a well-made
a way that is surprisingly enjoyable
The Lord of the Rings
fulfill its own ambitious goals
fulfilling
fulfills one facet of its mission
full , chilling advantage
full advantage
remembers the '60s or
remembered at Oscar time
remake of '' Big Deal on Madonna Street '' that 's a sly , amusing , laugh-filled little gem in which the ultimate '' Bellini '' begins to look like a '' real Kaputschnik .
remembered as one of the most important stories
pretty .
the world 's greatest teacher
a certain degree of wit and dignity
a certain charm about the film that makes it a suitable entry into the fest circuit
he deserves credit for bringing audiences into this hard and bitter place .
is top-notch
is unlike any
a certain sense of experimentation and improvisation
feminine energy , a tribute to the power of women to heal
between being wickedly funny and just plain wicked
behind the scenes of Chicago-based rock group Wilco
beguiling freshness
begins with promise ,
extends a warm invitation
exquisitely polished and
extends a warm invitation into an unfamiliar world , then illuminates it fully
extends a warm invitation into an unfamiliar world ,
extols the virtues of comradeship and community
extends a warm invitation into an unfamiliar world , then illuminates it fully and
extremely well played and
a more multifaceted look
utterly charming and hilarious
is as computer processed and overproduced as it was in her music
is that the faith of the Tonga people is in every way inferior to that of John
the precarious balance between the extravagant confidence of the exiled aristocracy and the cruel earnestness of the victorious revolutionaries
An eccentric little comic\/thriller deeply in love with its own quirky personality .
absorbing and unsettling psychological drama
absolutely riveting conviction
absorbing ,
absorbing , largely for its elegantly colorful look and sound
above-average
above-average cast
, ( Haneke ) steers clear of the sensational and offers instead an unflinching and objective look at a decidedly perverse pathology .
Pull ( s ) off the rare trick of recreating not only
( cinematically unique )
) bumbling magic takes over the film
Pure of intention
Pure of intention and
only learning but inventing a remarkable new trick
a persona that is so intriguing that you find yourself staring hypnotically at her , trying to understand her and wondering if she 'll crack
a persona
a performance that could not be improved upon
a performance of striking skill and depth
A vivid , spicy footnote
of Nijinsky
delicate balance of style , text , and subtext that 's so simple and precise that anything discordant would topple the balance
elegance and maturity
delicate coming-of-age tale
helluva time
help being captivated by it
delicate treatment
held my interest from start to finish
the courage to wonder about big questions with sincerity and devotion
staring hypnotically at her , trying to understand her and wondering if she 'll crack
twice as powerful
in no small part thanks to Lau
in mystery and a ravishing , baroque beauty
in perfect balance
in pretty Irish settings
in prehistoric hilarity
's a talking head documentary , but a great one .
's a talking head documentary , but a great one
Resourceful and ingenious entertainment
Resourceful and ingenious entertainment .
Resourceful
Reno 's immense wit and insight
a movie about the power of poetry and passion
a movie ever could be
Thekids will probably stay amused at the kaleidoscope of big , colorful characters .
so much to look
so much to look at in Metropolis you hate to tear your eyes away from the images long enough to read the subtitles
so much like a young Robert DeNiro
so much that one viewing ca n't possibly be enough
so marvelously compelling is present Brown as a catalyst for the struggle of black manhood in restrictive and chaotic America ... sketchy but nevertheless gripping portrait of Jim Brown , a celebrated wonder in the spotlight
star-making
Hollywood has crafted a solid formula for successful animated movies , and Ice Age only improves on it , with terrific computer graphics , inventive action sequences and a droll sense of humor .
Hollywood disregard
Hollywood has crafted a solid formula for successful animated movies
Hollywood has crafted a solid formula for successful animated movies ,
Hollywood has crafted a solid formula for successful animated movies , and
Hollywood has crafted a solid formula for successful animated movies , and Ice Age only improves on it , with terrific computer graphics , inventive action sequences and a droll sense of humor
were it not for the striking , quietly vulnerable personality of Ms. Ambrose
Ben Stiller 's Zoolander , which I thought was rather clever .
Beneath the film 's obvious determination to shock at any cost lies considerable skill and determination , backed by sheer nerve .
ENOUGH is just the ticket you need .
Duvall ( also a producer ) peels layers from this character that may well not have existed on paper .
E . T . remains the most wondrous of all Hollywood fantasies -- and the apex of Steven Spielberg 's misunderstood career .
see a girl-power movie that does n't feel it has to prove anything
fantastic Reign of Fire
fantastic Reign of Fire looked
Madonna 's cameo does n't suck !
Madonna is one helluva singer .
Madonna gives her best performance since Abel Ferrara had her beaten to a pulp in his Dangerous Game .
engrossing and psychologically resonant
engaging overview
national lampoon since class reunion
-- a low-down version of the American dream .
may be the best play of the 19th century .
-- a film to be savored .
his difficult , endless work with remarkable serenity and discipline
may be the best play of the 19th century
memorable character creations
memorable and resourceful performances
memorable and resourceful
Formula 51 '' is somewhat entertaining , but it could have been much stronger
memory , resistance and artistic transcendence
devilish complexity
develops beyond attacking obvious target
should definitely get top billing . Robert John Burke as The Monster horns in
The film becomes an overwhelming pleasure , and you find yourself rooting for Gai 's character to avoid the fate that has befallen every other Carmen before her .
The film boasts dry humor and jarring shocks , plus moments of breathtaking mystery .
The film does give a pretty good overall picture of the situation in Laramie following the murder of Matthew Shepard .
The film fearlessly gets under the skin of the people involved
everyone , especially movie musical fans , has been hoping for
everyone can enjoy
brings a whole new meaning
, a salute to the universal language of rhythm and a zippy sampling of sounds
, a little funnier , and a little more
, a perfectly realized observation of mood , behavior and intent
, a jaded critic smacks into something truly new .
, a joyful effusion of disco Bollywood that , by the end of Monsoon Wedding , sent my spirit soaring out of the theater
, a sense of playfulness and excitement
, a smart and satisfying
clever ways
clever pseudo-bio
clever and very satisfying picture
clever ways of capturing inner-city life during the Reagan years
bringing it
some solid performances and
well made
well integrated
well dressed and well made
well dressed
well used
there to scare while we delight in the images
grounded in the reality of its characters to go over the edge
gripping drama .
by the booming bass-heavy soundtrack
which has a handful of smart jokes
which is best for the stunning star
If this silly little cartoon can inspire a few kids not to grow up to be greedy
to say about what is important in life and why
to say so
is how its makers actually seem to understand what made Allen 's romantic comedies so pertinent and enduring
is how the film knows what 's unique and quirky about Canadians
is how well it holds up in an era in which computer-generated images are the norm
is his best film yet ...
is historical filmmaking without the balm of right-thinking ideology , either liberal or conservative . Mr . Scorsese 's bravery and integrity in advancing this vision can hardly be underestimated
is historical filmmaking without the balm of right-thinking ideology , either liberal or conservative . Mr . Scorsese 's bravery and integrity in advancing this vision can hardly be underestimated .
better acting and a hilarious kenneth branagh
better acting and a hilarious kenneth branagh .
better acting and a hilarious kenneth branagh . an excellent sequel
better acting and a hilarious kenneth branagh . an excellent sequel .
is how well it holds up in an era in which computer-generated images are the norm .
is impressive for the sights and sounds of the wondrous beats
well-acted movie
manages to deliver
to see a cartoon that knows what it is , and knows the form 's history
Witty ,
some of the unsung heroes of 20th century
is actually funny with the material
is actually funny
is admirable
Witherspoon puts to rest her valley-girl image , but it 's Dench who really steals the show
is a career-defining revelation .
is a career-defining revelation
is a canny crowd pleaser , and The Last Kiss ... provides more than enough sentimental catharsis for a satisfying evening at the multiplex .
is a canny crowd pleaser , and The Last Kiss ... provides more than enough sentimental catharsis for a satisfying evening at the multiplex
is a beautiful film to watch
is a beautiful film for people who like their romances to have that French realism
is a beautiful , aching sadness to it all . Paul Cox needed to show it .
is a challenging film
with passable performances from everyone in the cast
with potential
is , quite pointedly ,
quietly reflective and
puts far more polished documentaries
to ride the big metaphorical wave that is life -- wherever it takes you
more engaged and honest treatment
more engaged and honest
counts heart as important as humor
countenance
count on
count for very little if the movie were n't as beautifully shaped and as delicately calibrated in tone as it is
By not averting his eyes , Solondz forces us to consider the unthinkable , the unacceptable , the unmentionable .
Byler reveals his characters in a way that intrigues and even fascinates us , and
Byler reveals his characters in a way that intrigues and even fascinates us ,
By turns fanciful , grisly and engagingly quixotic .
By the standards of knucklehead swill , The Hot Chick is pretty damned funny .
intended to make it shine
Byler reveals his characters in a way that intrigues and even fascinates us , and he never reduces the situation to simple melodrama
intelligence and
intelligence and non-reactionary morality
intelligent
strong-minded
t 's certainly laudable that the movie deals with hot-button issues in a comedic context
from the real-life story to portray themselves in the film
impressionistic
impressed with its own solemn insights
the off-the-wall dialogue , visual playfulness
in the mood for an intelligent weepy
it gets harder and harder to understand her choices
it gets rock-n-rolling
can act
manically generous
often watchable , though goofy and lurid , blast
often watchable , though goofy and lurid ,
often-cute film
often-cute
often surprising
managing to steal a movie not only from charismatic rising star Jake Gyllenhaal but also from accomplished Oscar winners Susan Sarandon , Dustin Hoffman and Holly Hunter , yet newcomer Ellen Pompeo pulls off the feat with aplomb
often watchable
often unexpected
often-funny comedy
often-funny
desire to enjoy good trash every now and then
deserves a medal
in the mind of the killer
a film that takes a stand in favor of tradition and warmth
has much to recommend it
has much to recommend it ,
has much to recommend it , even if the top-billed Willis is not the most impressive player .
among the five friends
amped-up
riveting power and sadness
of the top actors working in independent film
with poetic imagery
is a magician
the flamboyant , the outrageous
even halfway scary
A dark , quirky road movie that constantly defies expectation .
A dashing and absorbing
A dashing and absorbing outing with one of France 's most inventive directors
A dashing and absorbing outing with one of France 's most inventive directors .
A culture-clash comedy that , in addition to being very funny , captures some of the discomfort and embarrassment of being a bumbling American in Europe .
A dark , quirky road movie that constantly defies expectation
more attuned to the anarchist maxim that ` the urge to destroy is also a creative urge '
A dazzling dream
A dazzling dream of a documentary
more compelling
more attuned to the anarchist maxim that ` the urge to destroy is also a creative urge ' , or more willing to see with their own eyes , will find Morrison 's iconoclastic uses of technology to be liberating .
a movie is truly going to inspire me
are the clear-eyed boldness and quiet irony with which actor and director take on life 's urgent questions .
are the special effects and narrative flow much improved , and Daniel Radcliffe more emotionally assertive this time around as Harry
are the special effects and narrative flow much improved , and Daniel Radcliffe more emotionally assertive this time around as Harry , but the film conjures the magic of author J . K . Rowling 's books .
are the terrific performances by Christopher Plummer , as the prime villain , and Nathan Lane as Vincent Crummles , the eccentric theater company manager
are thrilling .
The movie is too cute to take itself too seriously
The movie is too cute to take itself too seriously , but
A difficult , absorbing film that manages to convey more substance despite its repetitions and inconsistencies than do most films than are far more pointed and clear .
A difficult , absorbing film that manages to convey more substance despite its repetitions and inconsistencies than do most films than
A distant , even sterile , yet compulsively watchable look at the sordid life of Hogan 's Heroes star Bob Crane .
A distant , even sterile , yet compulsively watchable
A fast , funny , highly enjoyable movie .
A fast , funny , highly enjoyable movie
stylized humor throughout
stylized sequences
a miracle
a miracle akin to the story the film portrays
a most touching reconsideration
a most touching reconsideration of the familiar masterpiece
a movie as a picture book for the big screen .
a movie star
a movie steeped in an ambiguity that lends its conflicts a symbolic resonance
feature to hit theaters since Beauty and the Beast 11 years ago .
feature to hit theaters since Beauty and the Beast 11 years ago
, Payami graphically illustrates the problems of fledgling democracies , but also the strength and sense of freedom the Iranian people already possess , with or without access to the ballot box .
your dream
your entertainment choices
bouncy
be ( Assayas ' ) homage to the Gallic ` tradition of quality ,
very lively dream
in a mask , Splat-Man ! Good old-fashioned slash-and-hack
in a beautiful city viewed through the eyes of a character who , in spite of tragic loss and increasing decrepitude , knows in his bones that he is one of the luckiest men alive
in a delightful blend of sweet romance
in a fairly irresistible package full of privileged moments and memorable performances
in a big , brassy , disturbing , unusual and highly successful film
At best
At a time when commercialism has squeezed the life out of whatever idealism American moviemaking ever had , Godfrey Reggio 's career shines like a lonely beacon .
honest poetry
tossed in
Extreme Ops '' exceeds expectations . Good fun , good action , good acting , good dialogue , good pace
Extreme Ops '' exceeds expectations . Good fun , good action , good acting , good dialogue , good pace , good cinematography .
Fans of Behan 's work and of Irish movies in general will be rewarded by Borstal Boy .
Far from perfect , but its heart is in the right place ... innocent and well-meaning .
Nice piece of work .
Nice piece of work
is a masterpiece of elegant wit and artifice .
is a more fascinating look at the future than `` Bladerunner '' and one of the most high-concept sci fi adventures attempted for the screen
Nicks refuses to let Slackers be seen as just another teen movie , which means he can be forgiven for frequently pandering to fans of the gross-out comedy .
'' certainly delivers the goods .
'' Frailty '' has been written so well , that even a simple '' Goddammit ! '' near the end takes on a whole other meaning .
to be a thriller . ( But it 's ) worth recommending because of two marvelous performances by Michael Caine and Brendan Fraser
the ultimate '' Bellini '' begins to look like a '' real Kaputschnik
the film is powerful , accessible and funny .
the true meaning
the true meaning of the holidays
the goods
the film is powerful , accessible and funny
the character with an effortlessly regal charisma
into elaborate choreography
into forced fuzziness
into heaven
wildly funny prison
will , hopefully , be remembered as one of the most important stories to be told in Australia 's film history
will , undoubtedly , leave both camps engaged in a ferocious debate for years to come .
will already be among the faithful
will appeal even to those who are n't too familiar with turntablism
learning but inventing a remarkable new trick
Top-notch action powers this romantic drama .
Top-notch action powers
finds a new way to surprise and amuse .
finds a new way to surprise and amuse
finds a new way to surprise
that you feel what they feel
watching Huppert , a great actress tearing into a landmark role , is riveting .
it is impossible to look away
it is effective
that zings all the way through with originality , humour and pathos
their characters do in the film .
film history
filled with surprises
defend himself
deeply watchable
claim to express warmth and longing
Directors Harry Gantz and Joe Gantz have chosen a fascinating subject matter ,
nature film and a tribute
telegraphed well
wonders , enhancing the cultural and economic subtext , bringing richer meaning to the story 's morals
wondrous
wonders , enhancing the cultural and economic subtext , bringing richer meaning to the story 's morals .
wondrous love story
wondrous beats
hope of a good movie ye who enter here
hoped ! --
feels capable of charming the masses with star power , a pop-induced score and sentimental moments that have become a Spielberg trademark .
feels acting is the heart and soul of cinema
the need for national health insurance
is the best American movie about troubled teens since 1998 's Whatever
is the best American movie about troubled teens since 1998 's Whatever .
two fine actors , Morgan Freeman and
two fine actors , Morgan Freeman
two fine actors , Morgan Freeman and Ashley Judd
a more credible script
truly jolting scares
the lady and the duke is a smart , romantic drama that dares to depict the french revolution from the aristocrats ' perspective
is simply the most fun you 'll ever have with a documentary !
is so incisive , so bleakly amusing about how we go about our lives
is sophisticated , brash , sardonic , completely joyful in its execution
is sophisticated , brash , sardonic , completely joyful in its execution .
is the ` urban comedy ' that even attempts the insight and honesty of this disarming indie
looking for a tale of Brits behaving badly , watch Snatch again .
few movies have ever approached
as well as a keen , unsentimental look at variations on the theme of motherhood .
If Festival in Cannes nails hard - boiled Hollywood argot with a bracingly nasty accuracy
few movies are able to accomplish
is in the same category as X-Men - occasionally brilliant but mostly average , showing signs of potential for the sequels , but not giving us much this time around
is in the same category
is in his hypermasculine element here , once again able to inject some real vitality and even art into a pulpy concept that , in many other hands would be completely forgettable .
is in his hypermasculine element here , once again able to inject some real vitality and even art into a pulpy concept that , in many other hands would be completely forgettable
is in its examination of America 's culture of fear as a root cause of gun violence .
is in many ways the perfect festival film : a calm , self-assured portrait of small town regret , love , duty and friendship that appeals to the storytelling instincts of a slightly more literate filmgoing audience .
is in many ways the perfect festival film : a calm , self-assured portrait of small town regret , love , duty and friendship that appeals to the storytelling instincts of a slightly more literate filmgoing audience
the kind that charges full admission and gets
the kind of movie that makes you want to like it
Who is the audience for Cletis Tout ? Anybody who enjoys quirky , fun , popcorn movies with a touch of silliness and a little bloodshed .
have you loving what you 're seeing , or rolling your eyes
he 's going to make a splash even greater than Arnold Schwarzenegger , Jean-Claud Van Damme or Steven Segal
While we no longer possess the lack-of-attention span that we did at seventeen , we had no trouble sitting for Blade II .
White 's intermittently wise script
do a great job of anchoring the characters in the emotional realities of middle age .
do a great job of anchoring the characters in the emotional realities of middle age
diverges from anything
To call this one an eventual cult classic would be an understatement
To call this one an eventual cult classic would be an understatement ,
To call this one an eventual cult classic would be an understatement , and
To call this one an eventual cult classic would be an understatement , and woe is the horror fan who opts to overlook this goofily endearing and well-lensed gorefest
To call this one an eventual cult classic would be an understatement , and woe is the horror fan who opts to overlook this goofily endearing and well-lensed gorefest .
more enjoyable
to tweak them with a taste of tangy new humor
acute enough to make everyone who has been there squirm with recognition
seduced by ( Witherspoon 's ) charisma ,
seduced by ( Witherspoon 's ) charisma
timeless spectacle
in for a real winner , creativity at its peak
utterly absorbing
utterly convincing -- and deeply appealing --
a single surprise
a similarly morose and humorless horror movie that , although flawed , is to be commended for its straight-ahead approach to creepiness
Beautifully crafted and cooly unsettling ... recreates
Angel presents events partly from the perspective of Aurelie and Christelle , and infuses the film with the sensibility of a particularly nightmarish fairytale .
Beautifully crafted
An unsettling , memorable cinematic experience that does its predecessors proud .
An unsettling , memorable cinematic experience
Beautiful to watch and holds a certain charm .
a slam-dunk
end up simply admiring this bit or that , this performance or that
the mixture , the intoxicating masala ,
it 's better than one might expect when you look at the list of movies starring Ice-T in a major role .
it 's awfully entertaining to watch .
it 's clear that Washington most certainly has a new career ahead of him
it 's certainly an honest attempt to get at something
will be a good ( successful ) rental .
proof of that on the cinematic front , look no further than this 20th anniversary edition of the film that Spielberg calls
proof of that on the cinematic front , look no further than this 20th anniversary edition of the film that Spielberg calls , retrospectively , his most personal work yet
propels
propels her into the upper echelons of the directing world
The off-center humor
originality . It does succeed by following a feel-good formula with a winning style
the modern condition of rootlessness , a state
other Best Picture contenders
The off-center humor is a constant
life affirming and heartbreaking , sweet without the decay factor , funny and sad
Matthew 's predicament
watch these two together again in a New York minute
watch these two together again
alike to go see this unique and entertaining twist on the classic whale 's tale
watch for that sense of openness , the little surprises .
watch for that sense of openness , the little surprises
atavistic power
at times , and lots of fun
at two performers who put themselves out there because they love what they do
at times imaginatively overwhelming
does a solid job of slowly ,
does a solid job of slowly , steadily building up to the climactic burst of violence
does a solid job
does a solid job of slowly
does a great combination act as narrator , Jewish grandmother and subject -- taking us through a film that is part biography , part entertainment and part history
does a great combination act as narrator , Jewish grandmother and subject -- taking us through a film that is part biography , part entertainment and part history .
does a great combination act as narrator , Jewish grandmother and subject
does a great combination act as narrator , Jewish grandmother and subject --
does a fine job contrasting the sleekness of the film 's present with the playful paranoia of the film 's past .
does a great combination act
so incisive , so bleakly amusing about how we go about our lives
That Haynes can both maintain and dismantle the facades that his genre and his character construct is a wonderous accomplishment of veracity and narrative grace .
That 's why Sex and Lucia is so alluring
The Dangerous Lives of Altar Boys '' has flaws , but it also has humor and heart and very talented young actors
supernatural thriller
there 's a plethora of characters in this picture , and not one of them is flat
there 's no doubt the filmmaker is having fun with it all
very best
very believable
very enjoyable ...
very enjoyable
very creatively constructed from figure to backstory
The new Insomnia is a surprisingly faithful remake of its chilly predecessor , and
very compelling tale
needs more filmmakers with passionate enthusiasms like Martin Scorsese
and affecting , if ultimately not quite satisfying
bullock does a good job here of working against her natural likability .
bullock does a good job here of working against her natural likability
and admirably mature
and ably captures the speech patterns , moral codes and ideals of the 1940s .
for picking roles that magnify her outrageous charm
for perfectly acceptable , occasionally very enjoyable children 's entertainment .
smart and sassy
for one of the year 's best films
is a better film than his earlier English-language movie , the overpraised Elizabeth
, you feel alive - which is what they did
A headline-fresh thriller set among orthodox Jews on the West Bank , Joseph Cedar 's Time Of Favor manages not only to find a compelling dramatic means of addressing a complex situation , it does so without compromising that complexity .
New Zealand coming-of-age movie
Adaptation is simply brilliant .
, Rohmer 's talky films fascinate me
with serious ideas
is a distinguished and distinctive effort by a bona-fide master , a fascinating film replete with rewards to be had by all willing to make the effort to reap them
best sequel
best silly horror movies
with some ingenious plot devices and some
best sports movie
Mr. Chabrol 's subtlest works
light-hearted
a pleasant enough thing , ` tis
a complicated hero who is a welcome relief from the usual two-dimensional offerings
brings to the fore for the gifted but no-nonsense human beings they are and for the still-inestimable contribution they have made to our shared history
brings the proper conviction to his role as ( Jason Bourne ) .
brisk , reverent , and subtly different
tender sermon
pretension , in its own way , is a form of bravery . for this reason and this reason only -- the power of its own steadfast , hoity-toity convictions -- chelsea walls deserves a medal .
a lot of laughs in this simple , sweet and romantic comedy
a little like a chocolate milk moustache
a lighthearted glow , some impudent snickers , and a glorious dose of humankind 's liberating ability
a pleasant enough thing , `
into genuine artistic befuddlement
into ambiguity and creating mood
fully aware of the uses and abuses of fame
gained the ears of the world
is a man who uses the damage of war -- far more often than the warfare itself -- to create the kind of art shots that fill gallery shows
with a lot of good cheer
is a good script , good dialogue , funny even for adults .
is a gorgeous film - vivid with color , music and life
is a gorgeous film - vivid with color , music and life .
is a fun and funky look into an artificial creation in a world that thrives on artificiality .
is a good name for a movie
is a great deal of fun
is a great deal of fun .
with a master 's steady stroke
weird and wonderful comedy
charming , thought-provoking New York fest
charismatic rising star Jake Gyllenhaal
charming and quirky
charming and funny
charming but slight
charming but slight tale
charming but slight comedy
the startling optimism ,
promise by Georgian-Israeli director Dover Kosashvili
coupled with some ingenious plot devices and some lavishly built settings . .
courage to wonder about big questions with sincerity and devotion
coupled with some arresting effects , incandescent tones and stupendous performances
could stand alone
could touch anyone regardless of their familiarity with the sport
for the man 's greatness
with a good deal of warmth and humor
for the ages
for the best
for the family , amusing and cute for both adults and kids .
for the family , amusing and cute
for the kids
for the first time he 'll probably appeal more to guys than to their girlfriends who drag them to this movie for the Hugh factor
own quirky hipness
own preciousness
own tortured psyche
It 's a compelling and horrifying story , and The Laramie Project is worthwhile for reminding us that this sort of thing does , in fact , still happen in America
It 's a compelling and horrifying story , and The Laramie Project is worthwhile for reminding us that this sort of thing does , in fact , still happen in America .
It 's a cool event for the whole family . Maybe not a classic , but a movie the kids will want to see over and over again .
infectious enthusiasm
infectiously
infectiously enthusiastic
It 's a film that 's destined to win a wide summer audience through word-of-mouth reviews and , not far down the line , to find a place among the studio 's animated classics .
Translating complex characters from novels to the big screen is an impossible task but they are true to the essence of what it is to be Ya-Ya
Translating complex characters from novels to the big screen is an impossible task but they are true to the essence of what it is to be Ya-Ya .
Trapped presents a frightening and compelling ` What if ? '
's mostly a pleasure to watch .
's most thoughtful films about art , ethics , and the cost of moral compromise
's most substantial feature for some time .
's most substantial feature for some time
's most refreshing about Real Women Have Curves
movie special
certainly an entertaining ride , despite many talky , slow scenes
certainly an entertaining ride , despite many talky , slow scenes .
's most thoughtful films about art , ethics , and the cost of moral compromise .
certainly is n't dull .
certainly ranks as the most original in years .
perfect ending
perfect in its relentless descent
perfect . It 's also the year 's sweetest movie
perfect actor to take us on the trip
perfect .
people who look working-class
perfect in these roles
perfectly melodic
provoke introspection in both its characters and its audience
scenes and vistas and pretty moments
be great
be funny , and
spectacular spectacle
elegant , witty and beneath
the big hit franklin
Beautifully crafted , engaging filmmaking that should attract upscale audiences hungry for quality and a nostalgic , twisty yarn that will keep them guessing .
is enlightening to listen to new sides of a previous reality , and to visit with some of the people who were able to make an impact in the theater world
is designed to make viewers of all ages
is daring , inventive and impressive
is both unflinching and tantalizing
is balanced , reflective and reasonable .
is balanced , reflective and reasonable
is back in a major way .
is back in a major way
the audience laughs out loud
greatest natural sportsmen
elegant and
pay to see it
deeply pessimistic or
elegant and sly
's ability to pull together easily accessible stories
's a work that , with humor , warmth , and intelligence , captures a life interestingly lived
's ability to pull together easily accessible stories that resonate with profundity is undeniable .
's ability to pull together easily accessible stories that resonate with profundity is undeniable
deeply meditative
deeply humanistic artist
, the film is extremely thorough .
the sweet Cinderella story that '' Pretty Woman
deeply felt fantasy of a director 's travel through 300 years of Russian history .
to call Reno a great film
heart-on-its-sleeve writing
he 's quite a talented director and Sam Rockwell shows us
he 's a world-class actor with Confessions of a Dangerous Mind .
he 's quite a talented director
seen to be believed
work from start to finish .
a mesmerizing one
seemed to have no problem flaunting her natural gifts .
a thriller , and the performances
Based on a devilishly witty script by Heather McGowan and Niels Mueller , the film gets great laughs , but never at the expense of its characters
backwater
Beautiful spread
Beautifully shot ,
Beautifully shot
Beautifully shot , delicately scored and powered by a set of heartfelt performances
Beautifully shot , delicately
luminary
of the most original American productions this year
of the most multilayered and sympathetic female
of the most slyly exquisite anti-adult movies
of the most triumphant performances of Vanessa Redgrave 's career
of the most splendid
of the movie 's success
all the way
allows us to see them , finally , as artists .
almost anthropologically detailed realization
almost certainly be fascinated
When all is said and done , she loves them to pieces -- and
When all is said and done , she loves them to pieces -- and so , I trust
When all is said and done , she loves them to pieces
equally spoofs and celebrates the more outre aspects of ` black culture ' and the dorkier aspects of ` white culture , ' even as it points out how inseparable the two are .
equally impressive degree
equally impressive
equal doses of action , cheese , ham and cheek
sensitive , extraordinarily well-acted
This is one of those war movies that focuses on human interaction rather than battle and action sequences ...
so different from The Apple and so striking
solid '
expressing itself in every way imaginable
solemnly advances a daringly preposterous thesis
solid , psychological action film
solid , kinetically-charged
an aborbing if arguable case for the man 's greatness
an aborbing if arguable case for the man 's greatness .
an abundance of mindsets
an aborbing if arguable case
solid action pic
an actor that provides Frailty with its dark soul
solid job
sensation
doing battle
a sense of childhood imagination
a sensational , real-life 19th-Century crime as a metaphor
comic elements
comfy
The stripped-down approach does give the film a certain timeless quality
The stripped-down approach does give the film a certain timeless quality ,
The structure the film takes may find Matt Damon and Ben Affleck once again looking for residuals as this officially completes a Good Will Hunting trilogy that was never planned .
tunes into a grief that could lead a man across centuries .
told with sharp ears and eyes
My Loved Ones
for a tale of Brits behaving badly , watch Snatch again .
real psychological grounding
real raw emotion
real laughs
real narrative logic
real-life happening
realistic '
at least funny
at least passably
at least passably real
centers
celebrates universal human nature
Witty dialog between realistic characters showing honest emotions .
Witty dialog between realistic characters
their quirky and fearless ability
their hopes and frustrations vivid
their noble endeavor
their project so interesting
powerful rather than cloying
Paxton is surprisingly brilliant , deftly sewing together what could have been a confusing and horrifying vision into an intense and engrossing head-trip .
Paul Thomas Anderson ever had the inclination to make the most sincere and artful movie in which Adam Sandler will probably ever appear
amusing us
an '' O Bruin , Where Art Thou ? '' - style cross-country adventure ... it has sporadic bursts of liveliness , some so-so slapstick and a few ear-pleasing songs on its soundtrack
So much facile technique , such cute ideas , so little movie .
Rusi Vulakoro
struck a chord in me
more glamour
a rare gem
An uncluttered , resonant gem that relays its universal points without lectures or confrontations . '
to Pamela 's emotional roller coaster life
entertaining enough and worth a look
to South Seas islanders
a quiet , pure , elliptical film
the extremely competent
would surely have called this gutsy and at times exhilarating movie a great yarn .
a quirky and poignant Japanese film
entertaining enough and worth
the drama is played out with such aching beauty and truth that it brings tears to your eyes .
the drama is played out with such aching beauty and truth that it brings tears to your eyes
ethics
ethnic comedy
evangelical
at least one damn fine horror movie
at least one damn fine
at least it 's better than that eponymous 1980 biopic that used soap in the places where the mysteries lingered
at least three films
Fiji diver Rusi Vulakoro and the married couple Howard and Michelle Hall )
Finn
There 's some good material in their story about a retail clerk wanting more out of life
The cast ... keeps this pretty watchable , and casting Mick Jagger as director of the escort service was inspired
wit and warmth
wit to keep parents away from the concession stand
with 20 times
wit and originality
Watching The Powerpuff Girls Movie , my mind kept returning to one anecdote for comparison : the cartoon in Japan that gave people seizures .
As a film director , LaBute continues to improve .
As dumb and cheesy as they may be , the cartoons look almost Shakespearean -- both in depth and breadth -- after watching this digital-effects-heavy , supposed family-friendly comedy .
mean that as a compliment
meaning in relationships or work
low-cut gowns
Mr. Koury 's passive technique eventually begins to yield some interesting results .
Mr. Koshashvili is a director to watch .
an erotic thriller that
an exclamation point
the top and movies
yarns ever
a noble teacher who embraces a strict moral code
humble , teach
humanize
humanize its subject
humanly funny film
humanistic
a no-bull throwback
` blue crush ' swims away with the sleeper movie of the summer award
` blue crush ' swims away with the sleeper movie of the summer award .
` blue crush
rarity
rare in Hollywood 's hastier productions
rarely been told with such affecting grace and cultural specificity
rare gem
rare gift
rare , exhilarating
rare , exhilarating cinematic
its title implies
its sweet time
its sweet spot
its surreal sense of humor and technological finish
its terrific performances
it was n't horrible either
it was made with careful attention to detail and is well-acted by James Spader and Maggie Gyllenhaal
( Sports ) admirable energy , full-bodied characterizations and narrative urgency .
she can thwart the world 's misery with blind good will
this girl
sharp humor and insight into human nature to examine class conflict
( Sports ) admirable energy , full-bodied characterizations and narrative urgency
sharp humor and insight into human nature
separates comics from the people laughing in the crowd
into becoming a world-class fencer
ineffable
indulging its characters ' striving solipsism
ineffable , elusive , yet inexplicably powerful
indoor drama
indulgently entertaining
ladles on the local flavour with a hugely enjoyable film about changing times , clashing cultures and the pleasures of a well-made pizza .
ladles on the local flavour with a hugely enjoyable film about changing times , clashing cultures and the pleasures of a well-made pizza
well written and directed with brutal honesty and respect for its audience .
Writer-director 's Mehta 's effort has tons of charm and
Writer-director 's Mehta 's effort has tons of charm
Writer-director 's Mehta 's effort has tons of charm and the whimsy is in the mixture , the intoxicating masala , of cultures and film genres .
Writer-director 's Mehta 's effort has tons of charm and the whimsy is in the mixture , the intoxicating masala , of cultures and film genres
's one bad dude . When you 've got the wildly popular Vin Diesel in the equation
's hard not to be seduced by ( Witherspoon 's ) charisma , even
Faithful without being forceful , sad without being shrill ,
Faithful without being forceful , sad without being shrill , `` A Walk to Remember ''
of the audience other than to sit back and enjoy a couple of great actors hamming it up
of the avant-garde fused with their humor
of the best films of the year with its exquisite acting , inventive screenplay , mesmerizing music , and many inimitable scenes
of the best gay love stories
's easily his finest American film ... comes
of the best films
of the best inside-show-biz
Faithful without being forceful , sad without being shrill
opera that leaves no heartstring untugged and no liberal cause unplundered
open-hearted film
this fourth animated movie in four years
well worth your time
the lion king
Tsai Ming-liang has taken his trademark style and refined it to a crystalline point .
Tunney is allowed to build an uncommonly human character , an almost real-live girl complete with trouble and hope .
shock and amaze
the Olympus of the art world
the performances by Phifer and Black are ultimately winning .
the performances by Phifer and Black are ultimately winning . You 'll find yourself wishing that you and they were in another movie
shock-you-into-laughter
the perfect face to play a handsome blank yearning to find himself
the performances by Phifer and Black are ultimately winning
McDowell ? Cool
a suspenseful horror movie
's a hoot watching The Rock chomp on jumbo ants , pull an arrow out of his back , and leap unscathed through raging fire
's a head-turner -- thoughtfully written , beautifully read and , finally , deeply humanizing .
from TV shows
from Terry Gilliam 's subconscious , pressed through Kafka 's meat grinder and into Buñuel 's casings
from Venice Beach that was a deserved co-winner of the Audience Award for documentaries at the Sundance Film Festival
from a fine cast
developed with more care
's a fun adventure movie for kids ( of all ages ) that like adventure .
Campanella gets the tone just right -- funny in the middle of sad in the middle of hopeful .
compelling anatomy of grief and the difficult process of adapting to loss
Canada
Can be viewed as pure composition and form -- film as music
's a great performance and a reminder of Dickens ' grandeur
compelling as an intense , brooding character study
compelling and heartfelt
compelling anatomy
develops a startling story that works both as a detailed personal portrait and as a rather frightening examination of modern times .
successful one
compelling anatomy of grief and
never worry about anyone being bored
the theme with added depth and resonance
Texan director George Ratliff had unlimited access to families and church meetings , and he delivers fascinating psychological fare .
Texan director George Ratliff had unlimited access to families and church meetings , and he delivers fascinating psychological fare
Texan director George Ratliff had unlimited access to families and church meetings ,
Terry is a sort of geriatric Dirty Harry , which will please Eastwood 's loyal fans -- and suits the story , wherein our hero must ride roughshod over incompetent cops to get his man .
Brilliantly explores the conflict between following one 's heart and following the demands of tradition .
Brilliantly
Broadway
A celebration of quirkiness , eccentricity , and certain individuals ' tendency to let it all hang out , and damn the consequences .
A charming , quirky and leisurely paced Scottish comedy
A carefully structured scream of consciousness that is tortured and unsettling -- but unquestionably alive .
Idemoto and Kim make a gorgeous pair ... their scenes brim with sexual possibility and emotional danger
A charming romantic comedy that
show up soon .
A charming romantic comedy that is by far the lightest Dogme film and among the most enjoyable .
A charming , quirky and leisurely paced Scottish comedy -- except with an outrageous central gimmick that could have been a reject from Monty Python 's Meaning of Life .
mature and frank fashion
the things that made the original Men in Black such a pleasure
A charming romantic comedy
the most transporting or gripping film from Iran -- or ,
dying and loving
dynamics and dysfunction
laudable
that appeals to the storytelling instincts of a slightly more literate filmgoing audience
laudable in themselves
that are lean and tough enough to fit in any modern action movie
that are so crucial to the genre and another first-rate performance by top-billed star Bruce Willis
that are as valid today
A bizarre piece of work , with premise and dialogue
Huppert , a great actress tearing into a landmark role
I enjoyed Time of Favor while I was watching it ,
I complain all the time about seeing the same ideas repeated in films over and over again , but The Bourne Identity proves that a fresh take is always possible
I enjoyed Time of Favor while I was watching it , but
laugh-out-loud bits
igloo
ignites some charming chemistry between Kate and Jed
the grace to call for prevention rather than to place blame , making it one of the best war movies ever made
, you know there 's something there .
, caring
, consistently funny .
the best way
the best war movies ever made
the best short story writing
the best sex comedy about environmental pollution ever made
the best war movies
the many fine
The techno tux is good for a few laughs , as are Chan and Hewitt
The techno tux is good for a few laughs , as are Chan and Hewitt ,
The techno tux is good for a few laughs , as are Chan and Hewitt , but
strongest film
being real
being more valuable in the way they help increase an average student 's self-esteem
This is n't my favorite in the series , still I enjoyed it enough to recommend .
and inventive
handsome shoulders
happily killing 94 minutes
happily along for the ride
Brosnan is more feral in this film than I 've seen him before
a fascinating character study
a fascinating character
a fascinating character study with laughs
than a new voice that deserves to be considered as a possible successor to the best European directors
this girl knows how to drive it to the max
well spent
Fleming classic
about hatred
rate Annie
ratchets
ratchets up the stirring soundtrack , throws in a fish-out-of-water gag
ratchets up the stirring soundtrack ,
, you barely realize your mind is being blown .
about a man who loses his faith
I enjoyed it just as much !
I enjoyed it enough to recommend
I enjoyed Barbershop
stretches believability to its limits
a life interestingly
a life interestingly lived
Handsome and sincere but slightly awkward
Handsome and sincere but
Driver and Goodfellas
a film that should be seen by all , especially those who are n't aware of , or have forgotten about the unmentioned victims of war
a film to be savored .
a film to be savored
is the commitment of two genuinely engaging performers
a fine line
a fine job
No number of fantastic sets , extras , costumes and spectacular locales
A perfectly competent and often imaginative film
A perceptive , good-natured movie .
A perfectly acceptable , perfectly bland , competently
A picture
their most virtuous limits
a fullness
a fullness that does not negate the subject
very well done
get past the fantastical aspects and harsh realities of '' the isle '' you 'll get a sock-you-in-the-eye flick that is a visual tour-de-force and a story that is unlike any
get more re-creations of all those famous moments from the show
get a sock-you-in-the-eye flick that is a visual tour-de-force and a story that is unlike any
you will never forget
whip life into The Importance of Being Earnest
whimsical comedy
is icily brilliant
is icily brilliant .
younger lad
younger generations
knows how to hold the screen
knows how a daily grind can kill love
knows everything and answers all questions , is visually smart , cleverly written , and
knows everything and answers all questions , is visually smart , cleverly written ,
knows everything and answers all questions , is visually smart , cleverly written , and nicely realized
knows everything and answers all questions , is visually smart , cleverly written , and nicely
knows everything and answers all questions
knows everything and answers all questions , is visually smart , cleverly written
knows everything and answers all questions ,
that even the most jaded cinema audiences will leave the auditorium feeling dizzy , confused , and totally disorientated . Not to mention absolutely refreshed
that even in sorrow you can find humor . Like blended shades of lipstick , these components combine into one terrific story with lots of laughs
sweet smile
clever concept
is supposed to be madcap farce
a good old-fashioned adventure
with murderous rage in 2002
for its soccer action and its fine acting
A sensitive , modest comic tragedy that works as both character study and symbolic examination
A sensitive , modest comic tragedy that works as both character study and symbolic examination of the huge economic changes sweeping modern China
A sensitive , modest comic tragedy
A sensitive , modest comic tragedy that works
A sensitive , moving ,
A sensitive , moving , brilliantly constructed work .
A sensitive , modest comic tragedy that works as both character study and symbolic examination of the huge economic changes sweeping modern China .
A sensitive , moving
A sexy , peculiar and always entertaining costume drama
A sexy , peculiar and always entertaining costume drama set in Renaissance Spain , and the fact that it 's based on true events
the delicious pulpiness of its lurid fiction
Celebrated at Sundance , this slight comedy of manners has winning performances and a glossy , glib charm that 's hard to beat .
Celebrated
Celebrated at Sundance
on intimate relationships
on human interaction rather than battle and action sequences
to see where one 's imagination will lead when given the opportunity
to see a movie with its heart
to see three splendid actors
to see what all the fuss is about
to see this terrific film with your kids -- if you do n't have kids borrow some
Sex with Strangers is a success .
of Tomcats
, Mr . Allen has surpassed himself with the magic he 's spun with the Hollywood empress of Ms . Leoni 's Ellie .
, Nair has constructed this motion picture in such a way that even the most cynical curmudgeon with find himself or herself smiling at one time or another .
Dickens evergreen : the exuberant openness with which he expresses our most basic emotions
the grosses
Dickens ' words
Diane Lane works nothing short of a minor miracle in Unfaithful .
DiCaprio 's best performance in anything ever , and easily the most watchable film of the year
Dickens ' words and writer-director Douglas McGrath 's even-toned direction
with Roussillon providing comic relief
to care one way or another
the debate it joins is a necessary and timely one
with Peter Sellers , Kenneth Williams , et al .
boldly , confidently orchestrated , aesthetically and sexually
, Les Destinees is , in its quiet , epic way , daring , inventive and refreshingly unusual .
, Madonna does n't suck as an actress
teens are looking for something to make them laugh
hard-hitting documentary .
hard-pressed to find a movie with a bigger , fatter heart than Barbershop
hard-won
's plenty to enjoy -- in no small part thanks to Lau .
the plot and a powerfully evocative mood
the plot and a powerfully evocative mood combining heated sexuality with a haunting sense of malaise
the plot kicks into gear
's one heck of a character study -- not of Hearst or Davies but of the unique relationship between them .
's plenty to enjoy --
's plenty to enjoy
Jirí Hubac 's script is a gem . His characters are engaging , intimate and the dialogue is realistic and greatly moving . The scope of the Silberstein family is large and we grow attached to their lives , full of strength , warmth and vitality . .
but still entertaining
but thoroughly satisfying entertainment
wandered
the delicate performances
Streamlined to a tight , brisk 85-minute screwball thriller , '' Big Trouble '' is funny , harmless and as substantial as a tub of popcorn with extra butter .
Strange and beautiful film .
Strange and beautiful film
about their budding amours
about their lives , loves and the art
reworks
from its own considerable achievement
from his actors ( improvised over many months ) and for conveying the way tiny acts of kindness make ordinary life survivable
It does n't reach them , but the effort is gratefully received .
no other explanation . Hilariously
picked me up , swung me around , and dropped me back in my seat with more emotional force than any other recent film .
picked me up , swung me around , and dropped me back in my seat with more emotional force than any other recent film
picked me up , swung me around
picked me up , swung me around ,
picked me up
picture that at the very least has a spark of life to it -- more than you can say for plenty of movies that flow through the Hollywood pipeline without a hitch
picture that at the very least has a spark of life to it -- more than you can say for plenty of movies that flow through the Hollywood pipeline without a hitch .
it is nature against progress . in fessenden 's horror trilogy , this theme has proved important to him and is especially so in the finale .
it is nature against progress . in fessenden 's horror trilogy , this theme has proved important to him and is especially so in the finale
it is great summer fun to watch arnold and his buddy gerald bounce off a quirky cast of characters .
it is great summer fun to watch arnold and his buddy gerald bounce off a quirky cast of characters
it is notable for its stylistic austerity and forcefulness
playful film that constantly frustrates our desire to know the ` truth ' about this man , while deconstructing the very format of the biography in a manner that Derrida would doubtless give his blessing to
playful film
playful film that constantly frustrates our desire to know the ` truth ' about this man , while deconstructing the very format of the biography in a manner that Derrida would doubtless give his blessing to .
pleasant enough movie
plenty of laughs
detailed story about newcomers in a strange new world
emotional film
emotional edge
emotional evolution
emotional connections
emotional investment
many a Hollywood romance
, can charm the paint off the wall ...
single gag sequence
gets off the ground .
All American
All American at long last gives its subject a movie worthy of his talents
as three of the most multilayered and sympathetic female characters of the year . As each of them searches for their place in the world , Miller digs into their very minds to find an unblinking , flawed humanity
oddly likable
This is popcorn movie fun with equal doses of action , cheese , ham and cheek ( as well as a serious debt to The Road Warrior ) , but it feels like unrealized potential
This is popcorn movie fun with equal doses of action , cheese , ham and cheek ( as well as a serious debt to The Road Warrior ) , but
por momentos
This is one of those rare docs that paints a grand picture of an era and makes the journey feel like a party .
This is one of those war movies that focuses on human interaction rather than battle and action sequences ... and
This is one of those war movies that focuses on human interaction rather than battle and action sequences ... and it 's all the stronger because of it .
This is one of those war movies that focuses on human interaction rather than battle and action sequences ... and it 's all the stronger because of it
This is popcorn movie fun with equal doses of action , cheese , ham and cheek ( as well as a serious debt to The Road Warrior )
will break your heart many times over .
Thrilling
Thoughtful , provocative and entertaining .
( There 's ) quite a bit of heart , as you would expect from the directors of The Little Mermaid and Aladdin .
Though the violence is far less sadistic than usual , the film is typical Miike : fast , furious and full of off-the-cuff imaginative flourishes .
Thoughtful , provocative and entertaining
Thoughtful , even stinging at times , and lots of fun .
( Skins ' ) faults are easy to forgive because the intentions are lofty
an A-list director
, it is a great film .
you 're looking for an intelligent movie in which you can release your pent up anger
encounter than the original could ever have hoped to be
his subjects are charmers
employs changes that fit it well rather than ones that were imposed for the sake of commercial sensibilities
emphasizes the well-wrought story and omits needless chase scenes and swordfights as the revenge unfolds .
emphatic
emphasizes the well-wrought story and
emphasizes the well-wrought story and omits needless chase scenes and swordfights as the revenge unfolds
refresh
Blood Work is for you .
refreshing departure
refreshingly forthright
reenacting a historic scandal
refined piece
refreshingly forthright one
Blessed with a searing lead performance by Ryan Gosling ( Murder by Numbers ) , the movie is powerful and provocative
Undiscovered
spy-movie charm
Oscar talk
revenge thriller
reveals the yearning we all have in our hearts for acceptance within the family circle
rewarded by brutal , committed performances from Huppert and Magimel
a clutch of lively songs for deft punctuation
a classic
a classic story
And it is .
There is a kind of attentive concern that Hoffman brings to his characters , as if he has been giving them private lessons , and now it is time for their first public recital
Deep intelligence and a warm , enveloping affection breathe out of every frame .
Deep intelligence and a warm , enveloping affection
Deep intelligence and
Deep intelligence
standouts
There is a kind of attentive concern that Hoffman brings to his characters , as if he has been giving them private lessons ,
Definitely worth 95 minutes
Definitely worth
There is a kind of attentive concern that Hoffman brings to his characters , as if he has been giving them private lessons , and
when various characters express their quirky inner selves
This delicately observed story ,
when the tears come during that final , beautiful scene
when the tears come during that final , beautiful scene , they finally feel absolutely earned
when the right movie comes along , especially if it begins with the name of Star Wars
This delicately observed story , deeply felt and masterfully stylized
look at morality , family , and social expectation through the prism of that omnibus tradition called marriage
This concoction ,
, it manages to maintain both a level of sophisticated intrigue and human-scale characters that suck the audience in .
And it sees those relationships , including that between the son and his wife , and the wife and the father , and between the two brothers , with incredible subtlety and acumen .
Black Hawk Down and We
Bittersweet
Bittersweet comedy\/drama full of life , hand gestures , and some
Bittersweet comedy\/drama full of life , hand gestures , and some really adorable Italian guys .
a worthwhile glimpse
a world-class fencer
its loving yet unforgivingly inconsistent depiction
Diane Lane 's sophisticated performance
stirring music
still shines in her quiet blue eyes
stimulating & heart-rate-raising as any James Bond thriller
stimulating & heart-rate-raising
who eagerly and easily assimilated as an all-American girl with a brand new name in southern Tennessee
Perhaps it 's cliche to call the film ` refreshing , ' but
Perhaps it 's cliche to call the film ` refreshing , '
Pedro
Perhaps it 's cliche to call the film ` refreshing
Pellington gives `` Mothman '' an irresistibly uncanny ambience that goes a long way toward keeping the picture compelling
extra-large cotton candy
extreme humor
extremely competent hitman films
are enough moments of heartbreaking honesty to keep one glued to the screen
anyone who ever shook , rattled , or rolled
are enough moments of heartbreaking honesty to keep one glued to the screen .
directed not only one of the best gay love stories ever made
directed with verve
of deft and subtle poetry
of deep feeling
Mendes and company getting together before a single frame had been shot and collectively vowing , ` This is going to be something really good
The sentimental cliches mar an otherwise excellent film . A powerful performance from Mel Gibson and a brutal 90-minute battle sequence that does everything but issue you a dog-tag and an M-16 .
The socio-histo-political treatise is told in earnest strides
The socio-histo-political treatise is told in earnest strides ...
Eddie Murphy and Owen Wilson have a cute partnership in I Spy ,
Eddie Murphy and Owen Wilson have a cute partnership in I Spy
Eddie Murphy a movie star and the man has n't aged a day .
of Yiddish theater , whose jolly , fun-for-fun 's - sake communal spirit goes to the essence of Broadway
It has the right approach and the right opening premise ,
no denying the power of Polanski 's film
is guaranteed to lift the spirits of the whole family
is gorgeously made
is good all round , but what really sets the film apart is Debrauwer 's refusal to push the easy emotional buttons .
is good all round , but what really sets the film apart is Debrauwer 's refusal to push the easy emotional buttons
is guaranteed to lift the spirits of the whole family .
enjoy yourselves without feeling conned
enjoy this sometimes wry adaptation of V.S. Naipaul 's novel
enjoy The New Guy .
engrossing piece
engaging storyline
enjoyably overblown in the traditional Almodóvar style
enjoyable comedy
the full emotional involvement and
mesmerizing ,
mesmerizing , an eye-opening tour of modern Beijing culture in a journey of rebellion
, and keeps you guessing from first frame to last
morality , family , and social expectation
In the spirit of the season
both a successful adaptation
both a successful adaptation and
both a great
both a great and
both a great and a terrible story
with acclaimed actors and actresses
show genuine promise as comic filmmakers
that transcends culture and race
that trademark grin of his -- so perfect for a ballplayer
that trademark grin of his --
that trademark grin
to sustain laughs
squarely fills the screen
squeeze a few laughs
squeeze a few laughs out of the material
high-concept sci fi adventures
high-profile talent
high romance ,
A candid and often fascinating documentary about a Pentecostal church in Dallas that assembles an elaborate haunted house each year to scare
high standards
high style
high-wattage
high-wattage brainpower
cultural satire
cultural differences
cultivation and
the perkiness
the perkiness of Witherspoon ( who is always a joy to watch , even when her material is not first-rate )
the perkiness of Witherspoon
the personal touch of manual animation
succeeds primarily with her typical blend of unsettling atmospherics
While maintaining the appearance of clinical objectivity , this sad , occasionally horrifying but often inspiring film is among Wiseman 's warmest .
with a smile on your face
with a sweet
with a subtlety that is an object lesson in period filmmaking
WWF fan
WWII-era Mississippi Delta
more sheerly beautiful film
While not all transitions to adulthood are so fraught , there 's much truth and
Whether Kiss is a future cult classic or destined to be completely forgotten is open to question , but the risk-takers in the crowd should check it out and form their own opinion
While not all transitions to adulthood are so fraught , there 's much truth and no small amount of poetry in Girls Ca n't Swim
more shapely than the two-hour version released here in 1990
sometimes all at once . The extent to which it succeeds is impressive
something entertaining
something auspicious , and daring ,
done well
entertains
entertainment
escape
understated performances of ( Jack Nicholson 's ) career .
to see a romance this smart
an ambitious adaptation and elaborate production
an amusing lark that will probably rank as one of Murphy 's better performances in one of his lesser-praised movies
fountainheads
Slick piece of cross-promotion .
Slick piece of cross-promotion
Slick piece
less the cheap thriller you 'd expect than it is a fairly revealing study of its two main characters -- damaged-goods people whose orbits will inevitably and
less the cheap thriller you 'd expect than it is a fairly revealing study of its two main characters -- damaged-goods people whose orbits will inevitably
less of a trifle
gorgeous imagery , effective performances , and
a screenplay to die for
express warmth
expresses empathy
banter-filled comedy
bang-bang , shoot-em-up scene
bang-up job
made but a winsome cast and nice dialogue keeps it going .
made but a winsome cast and nice dialogue keeps it going
made by bright and friendly souls with a lot of good cheer
will find plenty to shake and shiver about in ` The Ring
The last 20 minutes are somewhat redeeming
The last 20 minutes are somewhat redeeming ,
romance-novel
romantic and serenely
romantic lives
romantic and serenely melancholy , What Time Is It There ? may prove to be ( Tsai 's ) masterpiece .
commercial yet inventive filmmaker
commercial yet inventive
shot in artful , watery tones of blue , green and brown .
shot in artful , watery tones of blue , green and brown
compelling , provocative and prescient
compelling , provocative and prescient viewing
If the film has a problem , its shortness disappoints : You want the story to go on and on .
If the film has a problem , its shortness disappoints : You want the story to go on and on
: the intelligent romantic comedy with actual ideas on its mind .
If villainous vampires are your cup of blood , Blade 2 is definitely a cut above the rest .
Scherfig , who has had a successful career in TV
: It 's a comedy full of gentle humor that chides the absurdity of its protagonist 's plight .
: He makes language sexy .
the right time in the history of our country
dreamlike glide
a murder mystery that expands into a meditation on the deep deceptions of innocence
the right to be favorably compared to Das Boot
an eye on preserving a sense of mystery
an extraordinary film , not least
an extraordinary film ,
an extraordinary film
an exquisite , unfakable sense of cinema
an homage to Them , Tarantula and other low
and gets fine performances from his two leads who originated the characters on stage
's a visual delight and a decent popcorn adventure ,
and genre piece
's a certain style and wit to the dialogue
the final result makes for adequate entertainment , i suppose ,
's all pretty
and gradually grows into something of considerable power
and giving it humor and poignancy
fabulously
fabulously funny
fabulously funny and
fabulously funny and over the top as a ` very sneaky ' butler who excels in the art of impossible disappearing\/reappearing acts
fabulousness
preserves Tosca 's intoxicating ardor through his use of the camera .
preserves Tosca 's intoxicating ardor
preserves Tosca 's intoxicating ardor through his use of the camera
presents us with an action movie that actually has a brain .
presents us with an action movie that actually has a brain
strong itch to explore more
strong education
strong first act
strong directorial stamp
strong dramatic and emotional pull
strong and confident work
strong cast and surehanded direction
strong and
strong and confident
's a tribute to the actress , and to her inventive director , that the journey is such a mesmerizing one
's a tribute to the actress , and to her inventive director ,
's a tribute to the actress , and to her inventive director
's a treat watching Shaw , a British stage icon , melting under the heat of Phocion 's attentions .
's a wise and powerful tale of race and culture forcefully told , with superb performances throughout .
's a wise and powerful tale of race and culture forcefully told , with superb performances throughout
's a well-written and occasionally challenging social drama that actually has something interesting to say
's a very entertaining , thought-provoking film with a simple message
's a wonderful , sobering , heart-felt drama .
's a wonderful , sobering , heart-felt drama
, well-acted , and finely directed
, well-acted tale
I believe Silberling had the best intentions here ,
, we can enjoy it anyway .
, wacky and wonderful
, well ,
, well , Performance
Happiness
Happily , some things are immune to the folly of changing taste and attitude . For proof of that on the cinematic front , look no further than this 20th anniversary edition of the film that Spielberg calls , retrospectively , his most personal work yet .
Happy
Happy Hour
that might have gotten respectful critical praise in a different era
was inspired
was entranced .
was immensely enjoyable thanks to great performances by both Steve Buscemi and Rosario Dawson ...
carefully nuanced
a beautiful , aching sadness to it all
for kids or their parents
made fresh by an intelligent screenplay and gripping performances in this low-budget , video-shot , debut indie effort
well-thought stunts or a car chase
because it 's realistic about all kinds of love
It 's a hoot and a half , and a great way for the American people to see what a candidate is like when he 's not giving the same 15-cent stump speech .
It 's a minor comedy that tries to balance sweetness with coarseness , while it paints a sad picture of the singles scene .
is astonishing .
is at once intimate and universal cinema .
is at once intimate and universal cinema
a movie that is what it is : a pleasant distraction , a Friday night diversion , an excuse to eat popcorn
Plunges you into a reality that is , more often then not , difficult and sad , and then , without sentimentalizing it or denying its brutality , transforms that reality into a lyrical and celebratory vision .
Plunges you into a reality that is , more often then not , difficult and sad , and
's solid and affecting and exactly as thought-provoking as it should be .
's solid and affecting and exactly as thought-provoking as it should be
the best family film
the best films
the best films of the year
the best films of the year with its exploration of the obstacles to happiness
the best examples
the best examples of artful Large Format filmmaking you are likely to see anytime soon
the best examples of how to treat a subject , you 're not fully aware is being examined , much like a photo of yourself you did n't know
the best from his large cast in beautifully articulated portrayals that are subtle and so expressive they can sustain the poetic flights in Burdette 's dialogue
the best kind
casts its spooky net
cast and surehanded direction
magnificent swooping aerial shots
whole thing
wholesome attitude
whose sexual passion
magic and whimsy for children , a heartfelt romance for teenagers and a compelling argument about death
Blade and
leonine power
many tense scenes in Trapped
because that 's when he really scores
The film 's images give a backbone to the company and provide an emotional edge to its ultimate demise .
The film ) tackles the topic of relationships in such a straightforward , emotionally honest manner that by the end
The film becomes an overwhelming pleasure
The film becomes an overwhelming pleasure ,
The film becomes an overwhelming pleasure , and
fascinating , landmark movie
fascinating connections
fascinating document
fascinating documentary
fascinating portrait
fascinating to see how Bettany and McDowell play off each other
fashion a fascinating portrait of a Vietnamese-born youngster who eagerly and easily assimilated as an all-American girl with a brand new name in southern Tennessee
fashion a fascinating portrait of a Vietnamese-born youngster who eagerly and easily assimilated as an all-American girl with a brand new name in southern Tennessee .
fashioned a comedy with more laughs than many , no question .
a dazzlingly self-assured directorial debut
a deadpan suspense
a date movie
a crystalline point
a crash course in movie mythology
comes from the brave , uninhibited performances by its lead actors .
comes from the brave , uninhibited performances by its lead actors
comes from the brave , uninhibited performances
an unnatural calm
an unnatural calm that 's occasionally shaken by ...
an unruly adolescent boy
gluing you to the edge of your seat
gloriously goofy way
, this one is a sweet and modest and ultimately winning story .
, this quietly lyrical tale probes the ambiguous welcome extended by Iran to the Afghani refugees who streamed across its borders , desperate for work and food .
, this version is raised a few notches above kiddie fantasy pablum by Allen 's astringent wit .
, this makes for perfectly acceptable , occasionally very enjoyable children 's entertainment . You 'll forget about it by Monday , though , and if they 're old enough to have developed some taste
gives the film its lingering tug
, thought-provoking foreign cinema
her good looks
her childlike smile
That the real Antwone Fisher was able to overcome his personal obstacles and become a good man is a wonderful thing ; that he has been able to share his story so compellingly with us is a minor miracle .
's one of the most beautiful , evocative works I 've seen .
as anything much more
wind chimes
Certainly
himself or
her inexperience and
her better known co-star ,
for in drama , suspense , revenge , and romance
for humor in so many teenage comedies
for history buffs
, three-dimensional characters
, timeless and universal tale
build an uncommonly human character , an almost real-live girl complete with trouble and hope
but , happily , a victim of none
, thoroughly involving
, thoroughly winning flight of revisionist fancy .
, those farts got to my inner nine-year-old
, those who do will have found a cult favorite to enjoy for a lifetime .
, though goofy and lurid ,
, thought-provoking New York fest
, thought-provoking film
, thoughtful , unapologetically raw
those reputedly `` unfilmable '' novels that has bucked the odds to emerge as an exquisite motion picture in its own right
just about more stately than any contemporary movie this year ... a true study , a film with a questioning heart and mind that is n't afraid to admit it
just about more stately than any contemporary movie this year ... a true study , a film with a questioning heart and
just about more stately than any contemporary movie this year ... a true study , a film with a questioning heart
just about more stately than any contemporary movie this year ...
just about more stately than any contemporary movie this year
be comforted by the way it deals with big issues like death and destiny
-- wisdom that comes with experience .
itch to explore more
's actually pretty funny ,
's actually pretty funny
's actually pretty funny , but
is given life when A Selection appears in its final form ( in '' Last Dance ''
likes
liked this film a lot ...
liked this film a lot
liked About Schmidt a lot
like-themed film
literary purists may not be pleased , but as far as mainstream matinee-style entertainment goes , it does a bang-up job of pleasing the crowds
literary purists may not be pleased , but as far as mainstream matinee-style entertainment goes , it does a bang-up job of pleasing the crowds .
scorcher
scores a direct hit
is going to be something really good . '
shocked laughter
scores a direct hit .
scores points for style
scoring
is funny , harmless and as substantial as a tub of popcorn with extra butter
is funny , harmless and as substantial as a tub of popcorn
is funny , insightfully human
is funny , harmless and as substantial as a tub of popcorn with extra butter .
is funny , charming and quirky in her feature film acting debut as Amy .
is funny , charming and quirky in her feature film acting debut as Amy
majidi 's direction has never been smoother or more confident
majidi 's direction has never been smoother or more confident .
pointed personalities
swaggers through his scenes
like watching an Eastern imagination explode
like to ride bikes
like the work of someone
that sucks you in and dares you not to believe it
that takes a stand in favor of tradition and warmth
that takes full , chilling advantage of its rough-around-the-edges , low-budget constraints
no real reason
anthropomorphic
answered
the movie slaloming through its hackneyed elements with enjoyable ease
the movie runs a good race
the movie you 're looking for
dramatically substantial
dramatically moving
dramedy '
dramatized
draw attention to itself
draw attention
imaginative premise
the multi-layers of its characters
ever becoming preachy or syrupy
eventually winning squareness that would make it the darling of many a kids-and-family-oriented cable channel
eventually prevail
even viewers who are n't interested in rap , as it cuts to the heart of American society in an unnerving way
's fun , wispy , wise and surprisingly inoffensive
's fun , wispy , wise and surprisingly inoffensive for a film about a teen in love with his stepmom
monumental as Disney 's 1937 breakthrough
's fun , splashy and entertainingly nasty .
a handful of thrilling moments and a couple of good performances
a handsome-looking
a hatred
Elvira fans
Ellen Pompeo pulls off the feat with aplomb
Elvira fans could hardly ask for more .
clever enough to sustain a reasonable degree of suspense on its own
clever ideas and
clever ideas and visual gags
the story 's promising premise
that proceeds
Thanks to Haynes ' absolute control of the film 's mood
the stirring soundtrack
the stories and faces and music of the men who are its subject
Taymor , the avant garde director of Broadway 's The Lion King and the film Titus , brings
that propels her into the upper echelons of the directing world
warmth to go around , with music and laughter
... is inspiring , ironic , and revelatory of just how ridiculous and money-oriented the record industry really is .
... is magnificent
... it 's Robert Duvall !
... it has sporadic bursts of liveliness , some so-so slapstick and a few ear-pleasing songs on its soundtrack .
warmth and gentle humor
them good
it does a bang-up job of pleasing the crowds
Brown Sugar turns out to be a sweet and enjoyable fantasy
Brussels
it does in Trouble Every Day
'' Antwone Fisher '' is an earnest , by-the-numbers effort by Washington . It wo n't rock any boats but is solid meat-and-potatoes filmmaking .
'' Auto Focus '' works as an unusual biopic and document of male swingers in the Playboy era
'' Being Earnest ''
warmth , wit and interesting characters
warm up to
a flick boasting this many genuine cackles
' ... a great , participatory spectator sport .
One of those movies that catches you up in something bigger than yourself , namely , an archetypal desire to enjoy good trash every now and then .
& heart-rate-raising
donna
One of those movies that catches you up in something bigger than yourself
One of those joyous films that leaps over national boundaries and celebrates universal human nature .
rated EEE for excitement .
rather beautiful
rather shapeless good time
Kudos to the most enchanting film of the year
Koury frighteningly and honestly exposes one teenager 's uncomfortable class resentment and , in turn , his self-inflicted retaliation .
In the new release of Cinema Paradiso , the tale has turned from sweet to bittersweet , and when the tears come during that final , beautiful scene , they finally feel absolutely earned .
Accuracy and
About the Benjamins is a totally formulaic movie
are far more pointed and clear .
are far more pointed and clear
are as intelligent , exuberant
are among cinema 's finest this year . Unfortunately
are charmers
are experienced actors
how the heart accomodates practical needs . It is an unstinting look at a collaboration between damaged people that may or may not qual
far from disappointing
far from being a bow-wow
far funnier
fantasy and adventure
far better
are instantly recognizable , allowing the film to paradoxically feel familiar and foreign at the same time
are instantly recognizable ,
are obviously pretty clever
A dramatic comedy as pleasantly
between the characters that made the first film such a delight
between flaccid satire and what
between deadpan comedy and heartbreaking
comically adept ensemble
comforted by the way it deals with big issues like death and destiny
comforted
comic face
comic set
comically
add up to another ` spectacular spectacle . '
addition to Hoffman 's powerful acting clinic
's why Sex and Lucia is so alluring .
's well worth spending some time with
's well worth
's worth the concentration .
actually pulls off this stylistic juggling act .
is SO De Palma . If you love him , you 'll like it .
dancing , singing , and unforgettable characters
Children of the Century , though well dressed and well made ,
of the fine work done by most of the rest of her cast
boobs
bonus
for a laugh
for a summer of good stuff
if you 're not nearly moved to tears by a couple of scenes
if you expect light romantic comedy
ignites
ignites this gripping tale
make this genre soar
make us jump out of our seats
make us care about them
make us look forward to the Russos ' next offering
alabama
al
great director
great , has solid acting and a neat premise
great Saturday Night Live sketch
great fun to watch performing in a film that is only mildly diverting
great hook
waltzed itself into the art film pantheon
moments out of an Alice
moments to keep it entertaining
moments of spontaneous creativity and authentic co-operative interaction
The film is all a little Lit Crit 101 , but it 's extremely well played and often very funny
The film hinges on its performances ,
The film has just enough of everything -- re-enactments , archival footage , talking-head interviews -- and the music is simply sublime
profiles five extraordinary American homes
profound .
profound , real-life moments
its soul to Screenwriting
made her an interesting character to begin with
's most weirdly engaging and unpredictable character pieces
then look no further , because here it is .
rare for any movie
a beautiful , aching sadness to it all . Paul Cox needed to show it .
a beautiful canvas
a beautiful , aching sadness
a beautiful film
a beautiful film ,
incandescent tones and stupendous performances
in-jokes for the adults
make great marching bands
make for a winning , heartwarming yarn
make an excellent companion piece to the similarly themed ` The French Lieutenant 's Woman
make box office money that makes Michael Jordan jealous
make an old-fashioned nature film that educates viewers with words and pictures while entertaining them
teaches good ethics while entertaining with its unconventionally wacky but loving family
teamwork
Blithely
Blessed with two fine , nuanced lead performances .
Blessed with two fine , nuanced lead performances
in many ways the perfect festival film : a calm , self-assured portrait of small town regret , love , duty and friendship that appeals to the storytelling instincts of a slightly more literate filmgoing audience
in me
the world 's best cuisine
cinematic appeal
cinemantic flair
cinematic art
Director Kapur is a filmmaker with a real flair for epic landscapes and adventure , and this is a better film than his earlier English-language movie , the overpraised Elizabeth .
Director Kapur is a filmmaker with a real flair for epic landscapes and adventure
del
the refugees able to look ahead and resist living in a past
about a wild-and-woolly , wall-to-wall good time
about a domestic unit finding their way to joy
... one of the most entertaining monster movies in ages ...
beloved film
much stronger
much to it
certainly no
Nair does n't treat the issues lightly . She allows each character to confront their problems openly and honestly .
crafty and
crafty and intelligent
this film teaches all too well
some intriguing ambiguity
that is believable , not a confrontation that is not staged
some of the top actors working in independent film
some truly excellent sequences
well-crafted family film
some of their best work in their underwritten roles
some welcome role models
some very welcome wit
offers just enough sweet and traditional romantic comedy to counter the crudity .
savvy about celebrity
won --
offers much to absorb and even more to think about after the final frame .
offers much to absorb and even more to think about after the final frame
All the actors are good in Pauline & Paulette but van der Groen , described as ` Belgium 's national treasure , ' is especially terrific as Pauline
All the actors are good in Pauline & Paulette
All the actors are good in Pauline & Paulette but
Allen 's romantic comedies so pertinent and enduring
All three actresses are simply dazzling , particularly Balk , who 's finally been given a part worthy of her considerable talents .
that this likable movie is n't more accomplished
just breathtaking
that transforms its wearer into a superman
that throws one in the pulsating thick of a truly frightening situation
that time is a fleeting and precious commodity no matter how old you are
its successes
just a leading man away from perfection .
just a leading man away from perfection
As home movie gone haywire , it 's pretty enjoyable , but
As improbable as this premise may seem , Abbass 's understated , shining performance offers us the sense that on some elemental level , Lilia deeply wants to break free of her old life .
even an ambitious adaptation and elaborate production
ingenious
informative , intriguing , observant , often touching ... gives a human face to what 's often discussed in purely abstract terms .
in the mixture , the intoxicating masala , of cultures and film genres
in the nicest possible way
A fine effort
the triumph
the triumph of his band
the true wonder
the trees hooting it 's praises , but it 's definitely worth taking a look
transports you
( Grant 's ) bumbling magic takes over the film
the true wonder of Rintarô 's Metropolis
the true wonder of Rintarô 's Metropolis is the number of lasting images all its own .
from a faraway planet
, you can only love the players it brings to the fore for the gifted but no-nonsense human beings they are and for the still-inestimable contribution they have made to our shared history .
, you 're on the edge of your seat
, you 're gonna like this movie
, you ca n't help but get caught up in the thrill of the company 's astonishing growth .
with laughs
grows in power in retrospect
growth
grown-up escapism
grow attached to their lives , full of strength , warmth and vitality .
in the best sense of the term .
in the best sense
from New Zealand whose boozy , languid air is balanced by a rich visual clarity and deeply
are The Greatest Musicians of All Time .
are The Greatest Musicians of All Time
are a few modest laughs
believes about the goal of its makers , the show ... represents a spectacular piece of theater
bend current technique to the service of a vision of the past that is faithful to both architectural glories and commanding open spaces of the city as it was more than two centuries ago
( Haneke ) steers clear of the sensational and offers instead an unflinching and objective look at a decidedly perverse pathology .
Wiseman 's warmest
With Spy Kids 2 : The Island of Lost Dreams , the Spy Kids franchise establishes itself as a durable part of the movie landscape : a James Bond series for kids .
delicious , quirky movie
delicate performances
delicious pulpiness
delicious colors
delightful blend
delightful .
delightful coming-of-age story .
delightful comedy
seeing a series of perfect black pearls clicking together to form a string .
seeing himself in the other ,
It 's one thing to read about or rail against the ongoing - and unprecedented - construction project going on over our heads . It 's quite another to feel physically caught up in the process .
's worth it ,
's work as well as a remarkably faithful one
's worth it
's work as well as a remarkably faithful one .
's weird , wonderful , and not necessarily for kids
's what makes it worth a recommendation
technical proficiency
, the movie is powerful and provocative .
, the more outrageous bits achieve a shock-you-into-laughter intensity of almost Dadaist proportions .
, the movie will be funny
, the movie runs a good race , one that will have you at the edge of your seat for long stretches . '
, the movie looks genuinely pretty .
the efforts of a first-rate cast
the edge of wild , lunatic invention
the earnest emotional core
eats , meddles , argues , laughs , kibbitzes
eats , meddles , argues , laughs , kibbitzes and fights
been a neat little story about believing in yourself
been a more multifaceted look at this interesting time and place
the modest , crowd-pleasing goals it sets for itself
the misconceived final 5
the moment who can rise to fans ' lofty expectations
a nice concept
\* Corpus and its amiable jerking and reshaping of physical time and space
the best American movie about troubled teens since 1998 's Whatever
, the ( opening ) dance guarantees Karmen 's enthronement among the cinema 's memorable women .
, tender and heart-wrenching
, that 's because Panic Room is interested in nothing more than sucking you in ... and making you sweat .
, talented , charismatic and tragically
Bloody Sunday connects on a visceral level that transcends language .
Bogdanovich tantalizes by offering a peep show into the lives of the era 's creme de la celluloid .
Boisterous
funniest American comedy
funnier .
fun or energy
fun or
fun part
the best film of the year so far , the benchmark against which all other Best Picture contenders should be measured
funniest idea
the best film of the year so far
a nuanced portrait
these lives count
these families interact
it can impart an almost visceral sense of dislocation and change .
it can easily worm its way into your heart . '
C . H . O . Cho proves she has the stuff to stand tall with Pryor , Carlin and Murphy .
Byron and Luther
who is a welcome relief from the usual two-dimensional offerings
all the trappings of an energetic , extreme-sports adventure
moral ascension
this world more complex
any art-house moviegoer is likely to find compelling
a hazy high
a heady whirl
a heartwarming , nonjudgmental kind
a heady whirl of New Age-inspired good intentions
Grant and Bullock make it look as though they are having so much fun
seen as hip ,
Nohe has made a decent ` intro ' documentary ,
Nohe has made a decent ` intro ' documentary , but
nascent
comes close to recapturing the brilliance of his Hong Kong films
comes alive under the attention from two strangers in town
comes closer to any actress I can remember to personifying independence in its purest and , yes , most intimidating form
comes closer to any actress I can remember to personifying independence in its purest and , yes , most intimidating form .
enough to be diverting
enough interesting characters
enough interesting
enough playful
enough interesting characters to fill several movies
enough amusing banter -- blessedly curse-free --
enough complications , close calls and double-crosses to satisfy us
rapt spell
a revealing look at the collaborative process and a timely , tongue-in-cheek profile of the corporate circus that is the recording industry in the current climate of mergers and downsizing
a rich and full life
a revealing look at the collaborative process
a revealing look at the collaborative process and
a rich and intelligent film that uses
a rich and intelligent film that uses its pulpy core conceit to probe questions
a rich and intelligent film
a rich and intelligent film that
a rich stew
a rich stew of longing
of its setting with a good deal of warmth and humor
A potentially good comic premise and excellent cast
but when it 's good , it 's good and horrid .
but you just have to love the big , dumb , happy movie My Big Fat Greek Wedding .
hopefully , be remembered as one of the most important stories to be told in Australia 's film history
horizons
either cracking up
elegant
go from stark desert to gorgeous beaches .
go from stark desert to gorgeous beaches
American Adobo has its heart ( and its palate ) in the right place
Always destined to be measured against Anthony Asquith 's acclaimed 1952 screen adaptation .
you should see this movie
the most ingenious and entertaining thrillers i
There 's a lot to recommend Read My Lips .
There 's ) quite a bit of heart , as you would expect from the directors of The Little Mermaid and Aladdin .
that , with humor , warmth , and intelligence , captures a life interestingly lived
There 's a spontaneity to The Chateau , a sense of light-heartedness , that makes it attractive throughout .
There 's just something about watching a squad of psychopathic underdogs whale the tar out of unsuspecting lawmen that reaches across time and distance .
that Burns is a filmmaker with a bright future ahead of him
the most high-concept sci fi adventures attempted for the screen
the most ingenious and entertaining
images even more haunting than those in Mr . Spielberg 's 1993 classic
illuminating comedy
illustrates the ability of the human spirit to overcome adversity
illustrates the ability of the human spirit to overcome adversity .
the performances of Pacino , Williams , and Swank keep the viewer wide-awake all the way through .
the picture of health with boundless energy
jolts the laughs from the audience --
jolts the laughs from the audience
jolts the laughs
place in Pasadena
play off each other
play out as a clever , charming tale -- as pleasantly in its own way as its self-dramatizing characters
jolts the laughs from the audience -- as if by cattle prod .
jolts the laughs from the audience -- as if by cattle prod
is surely the funniest and most accurate depiction of writer
is surely everything its fans are hoping it will be , and in that sense is a movie that deserves recommendation
is surely everything its fans are hoping it will be , and in that sense is a movie that deserves recommendation .
is sure to raise audience 's spirits and leave them singing long after the credits roll .
is sure to win viewers ' hearts
is suitably elegant
is sure to raise audience 's spirits and leave them singing long after the credits roll
is surprisingly brilliant
oftentimes funny
just as i hoped i would
that requires the enemy to never shoot straight
that really scores
Mr . Deeds '' is suitable summer entertainment
interest almost solely as an exercise in gorgeous visuals .
Ray Liotta and Jason Patric do some of their best work in their underwritten roles , but do n't be fooled
Rare is the ` urban comedy ' that even attempts the insight and honesty of this disarming indie .
comes replete with a flattering sense of mystery and quietness
jacquot 's tosca is a treat .
jacquot 's tosca is a treat
seem authentic
made , on all levels ,
made A Walk to Remember a niche hit
of period drama and flat-out farce that should please history fans
much-needed levity
which may not be cutting-edge indie filmmaking but has a huge heart
It 's another retelling of Alexandre Dumas ' classic . Why ? Who knows , but it works under the direction of Kevin Reynolds
that most frightening of all movies
any actress I can remember to personifying independence in its purest and , yes , most intimidating form
any age
any agent , he 'll get the girl
any awards
? Certainly .
with every cinematic tool well under his control
great power
great movie
with each other
a lot of energy
tear your eyes
great fight scenes
great escapist fun that recreates a place and time that will never happen again
great escapist fun
a lot of energy into his nicely nuanced narrative
great monster movie
great laughs
great impression
great film
's alarmingly current
ranks as the most original in years .
a lovely film
rank as three of the most multilayered and sympathetic female characters of the year
a lovely film with lovely performances by Buy and Accorsi
French malapropisms
French shocker
the nifty premise
Assured
Asks what truth can be discerned from non-firsthand experience , and specifically questions cinema 's capability for recording truth .
Aside from Rohmer 's bold choices regarding point of view , The Lady and the Duke represents the filmmaker 's lifelong concern with formalist experimentation in cinematic art .
to break free of her old life
Lifetime Channel-style anthology
Leguizamo and Jones are both excellent and the rest of the cast is uniformly superb
Leguizamo and Jones are both excellent and the rest of the cast is uniformly superb .
Leigh is one of the rare directors who feels acting is the heart and soul of cinema . He allows his cast members to make creative contributions to the story and dialogue . This method almost never fails him , and it works superbly here .
All comedy is subversive ,
All comedy
a thinking man 's
All in all , a great party .
All in all , a great party
this gentle comedy
part of that delicate canon
part of the fun
part of what makes Dover Kosashvili 's outstanding feature debut so potent
sure to find an enthusiastic audience among American action-adventure buffs , but the film 's interests
These are lives worth watching , paths worth following .
This boisterous comedy
This cheery , down-to-earth film
This cheery , down-to-earth film is warm with the cozy feeling of relaxing around old friends .
by the cool presence of Jean Reno
by the dynamic first act
Shiri is an action film that delivers on the promise of excitement , but it also has a strong dramatic and emotional pull that gradually sneaks up on the audience .
Short-story quaint , touchingly mending a child 's pain for his dead mother via communication with an old woman straight out of Eudora Welty
Short-story quaint , touchingly mending a child 's pain for his dead mother via communication with an old woman straight out of Eudora Welty .
Short-story quaint
Shot in rich , shadowy black-and-white , Devils chronicles
the tone and pacing are shockingly intimate
it 's surprisingly harmless
outrageous pranks and scenes
what we call the ` wow ' factor
what worked last time , repeats it and adds more characters
Christians sensitive to a reductionist view of their Lord as a luv-spreading Dr. Feelgood or omnipotent slacker will feel vastly more affronted than secularists , who might even praise God for delivering such an instant camp classic .
Christmas perennial
reasonably efficient
uproarious humor with an underlying seriousness that sneaks up on the viewer , providing an experience that is richer than anticipated .
produce promotes is beyond us .
As a vehicle to savour Binoche 's skill , the film is well worthwhile .
here 's a sadistic bike flick that would have made Vittorio De Sica proud .
as it pays earnest homage to turntablists and beat jugglers , old schoolers and current innovators
as it is instructive
sees those relationships , including that between the son and his wife , and the wife and the father , and between the two brothers , with incredible subtlety and acumen
, it 's quite fun in places .
, it 's perfect .
, it 's pleasant enough and its ecological , pro-wildlife sentiments are certainly welcome .
, it 's one of the most beautiful , evocative works I 've seen .
, it 's not half-bad .
conservative Christian parents and
consider this a diss . Consider it ` perfection
connection and concern
conservative Christian parents
considerable aplomb
sand to the fierce grandeur of its sweeping battle scenes
of accurately accounting a terrible true story
Huppert gives Erika a persona that is so intriguing that you find yourself staring hypnotically at her , trying to understand her and wondering if she 'll crack .
Human Resources was a good , straightforward tale , but Time Out is better . It 's haunting .
remember the last time I saw an audience laugh so much during a movie
Huston nails both the glad-handing and the choking sense of hollow despair .
remembered as one of ( Witherspoon 's ) better films
with second helpings of love , romance , tragedy , false dawns , real dawns , comic relief , two separate crises during marriage ceremonies , and the lush scenery of the Cotswolds
Cedar takes a very open-minded approach to this sensitive material , showing impressive control , both visually and in the writing .
Casey Kasem-furnished voice
Caviezel into a movie star
been deemed important enough to make a film in which someone has to be hired to portray Richard Dawson
been better in this colorful bio-pic of a Mexican icon
been awarded mythic status in contemporary culture
been able to share his story so compellingly with us is a minor miracle
portray ultimate passion
might have helped
might love this film
few equals this side of Aesop
the way it accumulates power and depth
's his strongest performance since The Doors
revelation
's immensely ambitious , different than anything that 's been done before and amazingly successful in terms of what it 's trying to do
's hard to resist his enthusiasm
's hard to resist his enthusiasm ,
An emotionally strong and politically potent piece of cinema .
An energetic , violent movie with a momentum that never lets up
An energetic , violent movie with a momentum that never lets up .
An engaging
An engaging ,
An engaging , formulaic sports drama that carries a charge of genuine excitement
An engaging criminal romp that will have viewers guessing just who 's being conned right up to the finale .
's hard to stop watching
earthshaking
earnest , intimate film
eagerly and easily
eagerly
Smart
Skip work to see it at the first opportunity .
sexy , and rousing
is one of the most visually stunning and thematically moving epics in recent memory
is one of the best examples of artful Large Format filmmaking you are likely to see anytime soon
is one of the best examples of artful Large Format filmmaking you are likely to see anytime soon .
a fascinating study of isolation and frustration that successfully recreates both the physical setting and emotional tensions of the Papin sisters
a fascinating study of isolation and frustration
a fascinating study
a fascinating part of theater history
a fascinating part
a fantastic dual performance from Ian Holm
is part homage and part remake of the Italian masterpiece
a family-oriented non-Disney film that is actually funny without hitting below the belt
a family-oriented non-Disney film
cinematic innovation
cinematic experience
can tolerate the redneck-versus-blueblood cliches that the film trades in
can still turn out a small , personal film with an emotional wallop
can still leave us with a sense of wonder at the diverse , marvelously twisted shapes history has taken
Smith 's point
Smith 's approach is never to tease , except gently and in that way that makes us consider our own eccentricities and how they are expressed through our homes .
play against each other so intensely ,
Manages to accomplish what few sequels can
Manages to accomplish what few sequels can --
Making such a tragedy the backdrop to a love story risks trivializing it , though Chouraqui no doubt intended the film to affirm love 's power to help people endure almost unimaginable horror .
Mamet 's '' House of Games '' and
a heroine
a heroine as feisty and
a heroine as feisty and principled as Jane
a helping hand
Giggling at the absurdities and inconsistencies is part of the fun .
a high enough level
be as entertaining
be an important movie , or even a good one
has improved upon the first and taken it a step further , richer and deeper .
has freaky scenes where the crew wonder if they 're ghosts imagining themselves as alive .
Jones helps breathe some life into the insubstantial plot
Jones helps breathe some life into the insubstantial plot ,
A marvellous journey from childhood idealism to adolescent self-absorption .
A modest pleasure that accomplishes its goals with ease and confidence .
why , after only three films , director\/co-writer Jacques Audiard , though little known in this country , belongs in the very top rank of French filmmakers
... a cute and sometimes side-splittingly funny blend of Legally Blonde and Drop Dead Gorgeous , starring Piper Perabo in what could be her breakthrough role .
Eerily accurate depiction
Eerily accurate
comes far closer than many movies to expressing the way many of us live -- someplace between consuming self-absorption and insistently demanding otherness
comes far closer than many movies
the unhurried , low-key style
Spectacularly beautiful , not to mention mysterious , sensual , emotionally intense , and replete with virtuoso throat-singing .
Spectacularly beautiful
it 's emotionally engrossing , too , thanks to strong , credible performances from the whole cast .
it 's better to go in knowing full well what 's going to happen , but willing to let the earnestness of its execution and skill of its cast take you down a familiar road with a few twists .
it 's defiantly and delightfully against the grain .
it 's an observant , unfussily poetic meditation about identity and alienation .
it 's as good as you remember .
the worthy successor to A Better Tomorrow and
A funny , triumphant , and moving documentary .
A fun family movie that 's suitable for all ages -- a movie that will make you laugh , cry and realize , ` It 's never too late to believe in your dreams . '
the reality of its characters to go over the edge . a touch of humor or
It 's a long way from Orwell 's dark , intelligent warning cry ( 1984 ) to the empty stud knockabout of Equilibrium , and what once was conviction is now affectation
It 's a masterpiece .
is that it progresses in such a low-key manner that it risks monotony . But it 's worth the concentration
from heaven ''
from firing on all cylinders
from dramatic tension
thought-provoking and even an engaging mystery
thoughtful , reverent
grace and panache
grab you
governmental odds
strong emotions
thought was rather clever .
thought-provoking and
true film addict
Finally , the French-produced '' Read My Lips '' is a movie that understands characters must come first .
Films about loss , grief and recovery are pretty valuable these days . Seen in that light , Moonlight Mile should strike a nerve in many .
Films about loss , grief and recovery are pretty valuable these days . Seen in that light , Moonlight Mile
Films about loss , grief and recovery are pretty valuable these days . Seen in that light ,
Films about loss , grief and recovery are pretty valuable these days . Seen in that light
Films about loss , grief and recovery are pretty valuable these days .
Films about loss , grief and recovery are pretty valuable these days
this shimmering , beautifully costumed
A highly spirited , imaginative kid 's movie
A highly spirited , imaginative kid 's movie that broaches neo-Augustinian theology : Is God
A heartening tale of small victories and enduring
A heartening tale of small victories and enduring hope .
A heartening tale of small victories
A heartening tale of small victories and
A gripping movie , played with performances that are all understated and touching .
A heartening tale
A gripping movie ,
A gripping movie , played with performances that are all understated and touching
turn a larky chase movie into an emotionally satisfying exploration of the very human need
the thing look really slick
is a triumph of imagination
is a visual treat
casts attractive and talented actors
catches you
into a mostly magnificent directorial career , Clint Eastwood 's efficiently minimalist style
and often fascinating
into an insular world that gives the lie to many clichés and showcases a group of dedicated artists
original and highly cerebral
original and highly cerebral examination
by a likable cast
by a terrific performance
by amalgamating genres and adding true
Winds up being both revelatory and narcissistic , achieving some honest insight into relationships that most high-concept films candy-coat with pat storylines , precious circumstances and beautiful stars .
Winds up being both revelatory and narcissistic , achieving some honest insight into relationships that most high-concept films candy-coat with pat storylines , precious circumstances and beautiful stars
Wilco fans will have a great time , and the movie should win the band a few new converts , too .
Wild
, Minority Report commands interest almost solely as an exercise in gorgeous visuals . That 's not vintage Spielberg and that , finally , is minimally satisfying .
Wiseman epic
an enjoyable Big Movie
an enjoyable and frankly told tale
an enjoyable 100 minutes
an enjoyable and frankly told tale of a people who live among us , but not necessarily with us
an epic of astonishing grandeur
an epic tale
keep the story subtle and us in suspense
I liked it
I liked the movie , but I know I would have liked it more if it had just gone that one step further
heart , depth and
heart , depth
heart , depth and , most of all , purpose
heart , depth and , most of all ,
heartfelt enterprise
heart-tugging
holds up in an era in which computer-generated images are the norm
holds up
of the dry humor that first made audiences on both sides of the Atlantic love him
holds the film together .
holds a certain charm
The tone is balanced , reflective and reasonable .
come full circle to end on a positive ( if tragic ) note
come away from his film overwhelmed , hopeful and , perhaps paradoxically , illuminated .
come away with a sense of his reserved but existential poignancy
succeeds in making us believe
much better mother-daughter tale
succeeds in delivering a dramatic slap in the face that 's simultaneously painful and refreshing .
are several truly jolting scares
succeeds as spooky action-packed trash of the highest order
succeeds in delivering a dramatic slap in the face that 's simultaneously painful and refreshing
Miss Wonton floats beyond reality with a certain degree of wit and dignity
Miyazaki is one of world cinema 's most wondrously gifted artists and storytellers .
succeeds .
succeeded beyond all expectation
win any points
will encourage others to stand up and applaud , and will , undoubtedly , leave both camps engaged in a ferocious debate for years to come
will encourage others to stand up and applaud ,
will almost certainly be fascinated , and undoubtedly
will almost certainly be fascinated , and
wins you
winning performances and
the quirky
the ranks of those gay filmmakers who have used the emigre experience to explore same-sex culture in ways that elude the more nationally settled
thoughtful consideration
thoughtful and surprisingly affecting portrait
thoughtful and surprisingly affecting
thoughtful , unapologetically raw
thoughtful war films
thoughtful screenplay
thoughtful what-if
What Full Frontal lacks in thematic coherence it largely makes up for as loosey-goosey , experimental entertainment .
rent this on video
, banter-filled comedy
, as much as it is for Angelique , the ( opening ) dance guarantees Karmen 's enthronement among the cinema 's memorable women .
, awe-inspiring visual poetry
a wholesome attitude
a wickedly eccentric enchantment
a wickedly eccentric enchantment to it
a way to lay bare the tragedies of its setting with a good deal of warmth and humor
a wide audience
raw urban humor
raw comic energy
, there 's guilty fun to be had here .
a teenybopper Ed Wood film ,
a tearjerker
fresh territory
fresh by an intelligent screenplay and gripping performances
tell you
tells it so lovingly and films it so beautifully
romanticized rendering
teen movies go ,
freedom the Iranian people already possess , with or without access to the ballot box
frequently funny thrill
frequently hilarious
fresh and absorbing look
fresh and absorbing
enchanting
endearingly
endearingly offbeat romantic comedy
energetic entertainment
energetic music
energetic music ,
engrossing way to demonstrate the virtues of the IMAX format
enjoy this nonthreatening but thrilling adventure
affluence
afford the $ 20 million ticket to ride a Russian rocket
, then you 'll enjoy The Hot Chick .
brings an absolutely riveting conviction to her role .
brings an absolutely riveting conviction to her role
brings them to life
If you can get past the fantastical aspects and harsh realities of `` The Isle '' you 'll get a sock-you-in-the-eye flick that is a visual tour-de-force and a story that is unlike any you will likely see anywhere else .
brings an absolutely riveting conviction
, the more you 'll enjoy it .
brings us another masterpiece
Rohmer still has a sense of his audience
Rohmer 's drama builds to an intense indoor drama about compassion , sacrifice , and Christian love in the face of political corruption
assembles a fascinating profile of a deeply humanistic artist who , in spite of all that he 's witnessed , remains surprisingly idealistic , and retains an extraordinary faith in the ability of images to communicate the truth of the world around him .
assembles a fascinating profile of a deeply humanistic artist who , in spite of all that he 's witnessed , remains surprisingly idealistic ,
assembles a fascinating profile of a deeply humanistic artist who , in spite of all that he 's witnessed , remains surprisingly idealistic
assembles a fascinating profile of a deeply humanistic artist who , in spite of all that he 's witnessed , remains surprisingly idealistic , and retains an extraordinary faith in the ability of images to communicate the truth of the world around him
assembles a fascinating profile of a deeply humanistic artist who , in spite of all that he 's witnessed , remains surprisingly idealistic , and
aspiration to be a true ` epic '
gleaned from a lifetime of spiritual inquiry
conventional , but well-crafted film
conventional , but well-crafted
proves itself a more streamlined and thought out encounter than the original could ever have hoped to be .
the universal themes ,
may surprise some who thought light-hearted comedy was his forte
may not be the most memorable cinema session but its profound self-evaluation message about our fragile existence and the absence of spiritual guidance should at least invade an abundance of mindsets
a top-notch cast
a ton of laughs that everyone can enjoy
a ton of laughs
a tiny sense of hope
acknowledges the silent screams of workaday inertia but
acknowledges the silent screams of workaday inertia but stops short of indulging its characters ' striving solipsism
acknowledges and celebrates the glorious chicanery and self-delusion of this most American of businesses
achingly human
A bittersweet contemporary comedy about benevolent deception , which , while it may not rival the filmmaker 's period pieces , is still very much worth seeing
nicely done
A bittersweet contemporary comedy about benevolent deception , which , while it may not rival the filmmaker 's period pieces , is still very much worth seeing .
You can take the grandkids or the grandparents and never worry about anyone being bored ... audience is a sea of constant smiles and frequent laughter .
You can watch , giggle and get an adrenaline boost without feeling like you 've completely lowered your entertainment standards .
You come away from his film overwhelmed , hopeful and , perhaps paradoxically , illuminated .
You can take the grandkids or the grandparents and never worry about anyone being bored ...
You can take the grandkids or the grandparents and never worry about anyone being bored ... audience is a sea of constant smiles and frequent laughter
This fascinating look at Israel in ferment
This fascinating look
This deeply spiritual film taps
This deeply spiritual film taps into the meaning
This film biggest
This fascinating look at Israel in ferment feels as immediate as the latest news footage from Gaza and , because of its heightened , well-shaped dramas , twice as powerful .
as expected . In fact , it 's quite fun in places
as famous prima donna Floria Tosca , Roberto Alagna as her lover Mario Cavaradossi , and Ruggero as the villainous , lecherous police chief Scarpia ,
as fascinating
as funny as you 'd hoped .
as good ,
as good , if not
as good , if not better
as good , if not better than much of what 's on Saturday morning TV especially the pseudo-educational stuff we all ca n't stand
Undercover Brother is definitely one for the masses
Undercover Brother as funny , if not more so , than both Austin Powers films
Under a Red Bridge is a quirky and poignant Japanese film that explores the fascinating connections between women , water , nature , and sexuality .
though Brown Sugar is so earnest in its yearning for the days before rap went nihilistic that it summons more spirit and bite than your average formulaic romantic quadrangle
Unlike the nauseating fictions peddled by such ` Have-yourself-a-happy-little-Holocaust ' movies as Life Is Beautiful and Jakob the Liar
though Do n't Ask still finds a few chuckles
has been made with great evident care
has been made with great evident care and manages to deliver up the man in a way to arouse further curiosity in even the most unknowing viewer
has always been something likable about the Marquis de Sade .
has accomplished here
has always been part of For the most part Wilde 's droll whimsy helps '' Being Earnest '' overcome its weaknesses and Parker 's creative interference
triumphantly returns to narrative filmmaking with a visually masterful work of quiet power .
worked wonders with the material
worked wonders
`` Feardotcom '' has the makings of an interesting meditation on the ethereal nature of the internet and the otherworldly energies it could channel ,
what a fine documentary does best
Old-form moviemaking at its best .
Often hilarious , well-shot and , importantly , entertaining , Hell House is a fascinating document of an event that has to be seen to be believed .
Often moving
On its own cinematic terms
finds his inspiration on the fringes of the American underground
finds his inspiration
finds its moviegoing pleasures in the tiny events that could make a person who has lived her life half-asleep suddenly wake up and take notice
finds its moviegoing pleasures
finding their way to joy
finds a nice rhythm .
finds a nice rhythm
finds its moviegoing pleasures in the tiny events that could make a person who has lived her life half-asleep suddenly wake up and take notice .
vivid with color , music and life .
vividly captures the chaotic insanity and personal tragedies that are all too abundant when human hatred spews forth unchecked .
Grant carries the day with impeccable comic timing , raffish charm and piercing intellect .
Grant is certainly amusing
Grant is certainly amusing ,
Grant is certainly amusing , but
Graphic sex may be what 's attracting audiences to Unfaithful ,
good actress
Reign of Fire is so incredibly inane that it is laughingly enjoyable .
song-and-dance-man
somewhat touched
Behind the snow games and lovable Siberian huskies ( plus one sheep dog ) , the picture hosts a parka-wrapped dose of heart .
opportunity to use that term as often as possible .
) talented and terribly charismatic , qualities essential to both movie stars and social anarchists
Provides the kind of ` laugh therapy ' I need from movie comedies
shimmeringly lovely
tongue-in-cheek preposterousness has always been part of For the most part Wilde 's droll whimsy helps `` Being Earnest '' overcome its weaknesses and Parker 's creative interference ...
A psychological thriller with a smart script and an obsessive-compulsive 's attention to detail
A psychological thriller with a smart script and an obsessive-compulsive 's attention
A provocative movie about loss , anger , greed , jealousy , sickness and love
A pro-fat farce that overcomes much of its excessive moral baggage thanks to two appealing lead performances
A pleasurably jacked-up piece of action moviemaking
A pleasant ramble through the sort of idoosyncratic terrain that Errol Morris has often dealt with ...
A pleasant enough movie , held together by skilled ensemble actors
A pleasant enough movie ,
A perverse little truffle , dainty psychological terror on the outside with a creamy filling of familial jealousy and unrepentant domestic psychopathy
the way this all works out
the way that makes you ache with sadness ( the way Chekhov is funny ) , profound without ever being self-important , warm without ever succumbing to sentimentality
and captivating
and catchy songs
and celebrates their cheesiness as the reason why people get a kick out of watching them today
and charming old reel-to-reel recordings of Meeropol entertaining his children to create his song history , but most powerful of all
and curiosity
and darkly funny fable
and distinctive
tour-de-force
must be a serious contender for the title .
of businesses
of cerebral and cinemantic flair
of cat-and-mouse , three-dimensional characters and believable performances
Greatest
Greatest Musicians
life-altering
life-affirming moments
life-affirming message
a strong , character-oriented piece
von Sydow ...
, emotionally devastating piece
, effective
, economical movie
, credible
at 18 or 80
about the ability of the human spirit
about sexy people in gorgeous places
about this largely celebratory film
about the ability of the human spirit to find solace in events that could easily crush it forever
astounding performance
astounding on any number of levels
pleases almost everyone who sees it
pleasurable trifle
plenty to enjoy
both a level of sophisticated intrigue and human-scale characters
One of the best silly horror movies of recent memory , with some real shocks in store for unwary viewers .
One of the best silly horror movies of recent memory
One of the more intelligent children 's movies to hit theaters this year .
One of the most gloriously unsubtle and adrenalized extreme shockers since The Evil Dead .
One of the most gloriously unsubtle and adrenalized extreme
One of the most significant moviegoing pleasures of the year
One of the most significant moviegoing pleasures
One of the smartest takes on singles culture I 've seen in a long time .
both a level of sophisticated intrigue and human-scale characters that suck the audience in
Evokes a palpable sense
Evokes a palpable sense of disconnection , made all the more poignant by the incessant use of cell phones .
Exciting
Exciting and
Exciting and direct
Exciting and direct ,
Exciting and direct , with ghost imagery that shows just enough to keep us on our toes
Exciting and direct , with ghost imagery that shows just enough to keep us on our toes .
steers clear of the sensational and
fit the incredible storyline to a T
fits into a classic genre ,
fits into a classic genre
steeped in mystery and a ravishing , baroque beauty
good sportsmanship
good simmer
good time . Feel free to go get
is so intriguing
is sophisticated , brash , sardonic , completely joyful
is so accessible
is so amusingly contrived and outlandish in its coincidences
is shapelessly gratifying ,
is risky , intelligent , romantic and rapturous
is shapelessly gratifying
is still very much worth
is still very much worth seeing
immensely enjoyable
immensely
immense
immaculate
's especially fit for the kiddies
's enough to sustain laughs
's episode of Behind the Music
knows how to please a crowd , and that 's about all it does well .
knows when to let a gag die
involving , inspirational drama
a straightforward , emotionally honest manner that by the end
for pg-rated , nonthreatening family movies
for good
that 's rare in film today
that 's hard to beat
that 's got oodles of style and substance
not mean-spirited
at times uncommonly moving
are beautifully realized through clever makeup design , leaving one to hope that the eventual DVD release will offer subtitles and the original Italian-language soundtrack
are beautifully
living well because this film , unlike other Dumas adaptations , is far more likened to a treasure than a lengthy jail sentence
even more compelling
transporting is that it 's also one of the smartest
translate well to film
even more important
terms with his picture-perfect life
big ole '
big laughs
big performances
tender movements
the prospect of their own mortality
genuinely honest
the promise of excitement
the proper conviction
genuine tension
to the head of the class of women 's films
provocative and prescient
provides a satisfyingly unsettling ride into the dark places of our national psyche .
provides a window into a subculture hell-bent on expressing itself in every way imaginable .
provides a window into a subculture hell-bent on expressing itself in every way imaginable . '
provides an honest look
provides its target audience of youngsters
provides its target audience of youngsters enough
provides its target audience of youngsters enough stimulating eye and ear candy to make its moral medicine go down
provides its target audience of youngsters enough stimulating eye and ear candy to make its moral medicine go down .
big , colorful characters
who uses the damage of war -- far more often than the warfare itself -- to create the kind of art shots that fill gallery shows
get the enjoyable basic minimum .
get you
gets fine performances
gets all there is to get out of a peculiar premise with promise
gets great laughs , but never
gets great laughs
harmoniously
lavish three-year-old production
largely celebratory film
lavish
addition to gluing you to the edge of your seat
addition to being very funny
discoveries
IMAX trip
dreamed up
draws on an elegant visual sense and a talent for easy , seductive pacing
draws on an elegant visual sense and a talent
dreaminess
is a real treat
is a real treat .
is a really special walk in the woods
is a really special walk in the woods .
is a refreshing departure from the now more prevalent technique of the docu-makers being a visible part of their work
is a refreshingly forthright one
is a seriously intended movie that is not easily forgotten
is a seriously intended movie that is not easily forgotten .
is a shame that more wo n't get an opportunity to embrace small , sweet ` Evelyn
Well , it probably wo n't have you swinging from the trees hooting it 's praises , but it 's definitely worth taking a look .
Well-done supernatural thriller with keen insights
may not be cutting-edge indie filmmaking but has a huge heart
Well-done supernatural thriller
is a remarkable piece of filmmaking ... because you get it
fine valedictory work
filled with subtext
figures of fun
filmed that you can almost taste the desiccated air
its promising cast of characters
A Jewish WW II doc that is n't trying simply to out-shock , out-outrage or out-depress its potential audience ! Who knew ...
A Song
is a remarkable piece of filmmaking
A Jewish WW II doc that is n't trying simply to out-shock , out-outrage or out-depress its potential audience ! Who knew
is a remarkable piece of filmmaking ...
its position
is a refreshingly novel ride .
Some of Seagal 's action pictures are guilty pleasures
Some of Seagal 's action pictures
sexual relationship
reinvigorated
reinvigorated the romance genre
rejects patent solutions to dramatize life 's messiness from inside out , in all its strange quirks
rekindles
exceptional to justify a three hour running time
except for the fine star performances
marvellous
ask for a raise
marks the outstanding feature debut of writer-director Eric Byler , who understands the power of the implicit and the virtues of simplicity and economy .
marvel
eighties
effort to understand everyone 's point of view
effort to put a human face on the travail of thousands of Vietnamese
effortlessly draws you in
effortless performance
odd and intriguing
exhilarating new interpretation
executed it takes your breath away .
save their children
bouncing bravado
Rock and stolid Anthony Hopkins
It 's an ambitious film ,
It 's an ambitious film , and
It 's an ambitious film , and as with all ambitious films , it has some problems
It 's also the year 's sweetest movie .
you can feel the love .
( Hayek ) throws herself into this dream Hispanic role with a teeth-clenching gusto
( Hayek ) throws herself into this dream Hispanic role with a teeth-clenching gusto ,
( Has ) an immediacy and an intimacy that sucks you in and dares you not to believe it
( Has ) an immediacy and an intimacy that sucks you in and dares you not to believe it 's all true .
( Hayek )
( Gulpilil ) is a commanding screen presence , and his character 's abundant humanism makes him the film 's moral compass
( Gulpilil ) is a commanding screen presence , and his character 's abundant humanism makes him the film 's moral compass .
( Has ) an immediacy
uncomfortably real
adored by the movie-going public
a gorgeously strange movie , heaven is deeply concerned with morality ,
a gorgeously strange movie , heaven is deeply concerned with morality
adroitly , and without fuss ;
a gracious
this animated sweet film
this average little story is adorned with some awesome action photography and surfing .
leave you marveling at these guys ' superhuman capacity to withstand pain
leave you speaking in tongues
pot
postcard that is a self-glorified Martin Lawrence lovefest .
post-war art world
following one 's heart and following the demands of tradition
following one 's heart
fondly
still-raw emotions
stimulating and
still-inestimable contribution
all its strange quirks
the high-buffed gloss and high-octane jolts
the hero 's odyssey
The three leads produce adequate performances ,
It will probably prove interesting to Ram Dass fans ,
bigger and more ambitious than the first installment
biggest names
big-screen experience
big-time
bigger , fatter heart
has all the right parts
has all the trappings of an energetic , extreme-sports adventure , but
has all the trappings of an energetic , extreme-sports adventure ,
has all the trappings of an energetic , extreme-sports adventure
very handsomely produced
very effective
very good movie
very funny joke
to be smarter and more diabolical than you could have guessed at the beginning
urban comedy '
is magnificent
is like seeing a series of perfect black pearls clicking together to form a string
is adorned with some awesome action photography and surfing .
is actually a charming triumph where its intended under-12 audience is concerned .
is adorned with some awesome action photography and surfing
is almost unsurpassed
is almost unsurpassed .
is allowed to play out as a clever , charming tale -- as pleasantly in its own way as its self-dramatizing characters
is allowed to play out as a clever , charming tale -- as pleasantly in its own way as its self-dramatizing characters .
The Next Great Thing
The New Guy does have a heart .
is also a troubling interpretation of Ecclesiastes . A rewarding work of art for only the most patient and challenge-hungry moviegoers .
The Movie will reach far beyond its core demographic .
a little closer to human nature
a lively script , sharp acting
a lively script ,
a lively script , sharp acting and partially
a lively script , sharp acting and
a metaphorical visual style and
full effect the energetic cast
full of heartfelt performances
with fantasies , daydreams , memories and one fantastic visual trope
makes a great impression as the writer-director of this little $ 1.8 million charmer , which may not be cutting-edge indie filmmaking
makes a great impression as the writer-director of this little $ 1.8 million charmer , which may not be cutting-edge indie filmmaking but
makes `` Never Again '' worthwhile ,
makes a great impression as the writer-director of this little $ 1.8 million charmer , which may not be cutting-edge indie filmmaking but has a huge heart
makes a great impression as the writer-director of this little $ 1.8 million charmer , which may not be cutting-edge indie filmmaking but has a huge heart .
well-made thriller
well-acted , character-driven comedy
Quando Tiros em Columbine acerta o alvo ( com o perdão do trocadilho )
ongoing - and unprecedented -
one-of-a-kind tour de force
the death report comes to share airtime alongside the farm report
the deeply appealing veteran Bouquet
the deeply appealing veteran Bouquet and the chilling but quite human Berling
fantasies
fandango
fans should have fun meeting
fanatically fetishized every bizarre old-movie idiosyncrasy with such monastic devotion you 're not sure if you should applaud or look into having him committed
fanciful
fanciful touches
be a page-turner
may shape Hawke 's artistic aspirations
unstoppable superman
important message to tell
imply terror by suggestion , rather than the overuse of special effects
the coolness
it a party worth attending
it a great movie
it a comic book with soul
it affords to watch Jackson , who also served as executive producer , take his smooth , shrewd , powerful act abroad
it ai n't half-bad .
us to confront the reality of sexual aberration
The increasingly diverse French director
is reasonably entertaining
good B movies ( The Mask , The Blob )
good B movies
good , achingly human
gonna like this movie
nails the role ,
nails the role
myths and
is rather the way it introduces you to new , fervently held ideas and fanciful thinkers
striking and
striking or fascinating
establish Mr. Cantet as France 's foremost cinematic poet of the workplace
the charm of the original American road movies ,
the chemistry and complex relationship
the chemistry and complex relationship between the marquis ( Auteil ) and Emilie ( Le Besco )
the children of varying ages in my audience never coughed , fidgeted or romped up and down the aisles for bathroom breaks
is warmly affecting and so
is warmly affecting and so is this adroitly minimalist movie
is very believable
is very much a step in the right direction
is very much a step in the right direction ,
is visually dazzling
is warmly
is warmly affecting
is warmly affecting and
truly jolting
a sultry evening
a summer popcorn movie
a sultry evening or a beer-fueled afternoon in the sun can inspire even the most retiring heart to venture forth
unsurpassed
turns his distinctive ` blundering ' style into something that could really help clear up the case
turns his distinctive ` blundering ' style into something that could really help clear up the case .
multi-dimensional
multi-dimensional love
underestimated charm
underestimated
's consistently surprising , easy to watch -- but ,
's consistently surprising , easy to watch -- but
's consistently surprising , easy
's compelling
is a general air of exuberance in All About The Benjamins that 's hard to resist
is a general air of exuberance in All About The Benjamins that 's hard to resist .
is a gem .
is a fun
is a gem
is a genial romance that maintains a surprisingly buoyant tone throughout , notwithstanding some of the writers ' sporadic dips into pop Freudianism
is a genial romance that maintains a surprisingly buoyant tone throughout , notwithstanding some of the writers ' sporadic dips into pop Freudianism .
with the subject of love head-on
with the lovely Hush
with the fast , funny , and even touching story
with the magic he 's spun with the Hollywood empress of Ms. Leoni 's Ellie
with the rat-a-tat energy of `` His Girl Friday , '' maintaining a light touch while tackling serious themes
a condition only the old are privy to
a conventional thriller evolves into a gorgeously atmospheric meditation on life-changing chance encounters
promise
crowd pleaser
crowd-pleasing
outstanding thrillers
outstanding performance
outstanding soundtrack
to Belushi 's easy-going likableness
and well-made entertainment
and yet completely familiar
and wonderful creatures
of laying out some of the major issues that we encounter as we journey through life
of love and destiny
of love , longing , and voting
presents a fascinating glimpse of urban life and the class warfare that embroils two young men
present the biblical message of forgiveness without it ever becoming preachy or syrupy
presents a fascinating but flawed look at the near future
solid performances and eerie atmosphere
solid sci-fi thriller
solid movie
solid performances and
's never a dull moment in the giant spider invasion comic chiller
enjoyable ...
enjoyable , if occasionally flawed , experiment
's much , much better
's much to recommend the film
's much to recommend the film .
enjoy more thoughtful comedies with interesting conflicted characters
enjoy it
enjoy a fast-paced comedy with quirks that might make the award-winning Coen brothers envious
enjoy a fast-paced comedy
enjoyable , if occasionally flawed ,
enjoy yourselves without feeling conned .
enjoy yourselves
enjoy seeing how both evolve
for silly summer entertainment
a juicy , delicious plum on a hot summer day
a juicy , delicious plum
a joyful or at least fascinating subject
a kick out of goofy Brits
to the climactic burst of violence
to the actress , and to her inventive director
to the always hilarious Meara and Levy
to the core in a film you will never forget -- that you should never forget
Boasts enough funny dialogue and sharp
Boasts enough funny dialogue and sharp characterizations to be mildly amusing .
Bogdanovich ties it together with efficiency and an affection for the period
Bluer than the Atlantic and more biologically detailed than an autopsy , the movie
Bluer than the Atlantic and more biologically detailed than an autopsy , the movie ... is , also , frequently hilarious .
Boasts enough funny
There are many things that solid acting can do for a movie
There are many things that solid acting can do for a movie ,
share
shared a great adventure
sharp , often mischievous sense
a wonder
a work of art
a world that is very , very far from the one most of us
a worthwhile topic for a film
With a large cast representing a broad cross-section , Tavernier 's film bounds along with the rat-a-tat energy of `` His Girl Friday , '' maintaining a light touch while tackling serious themes .
With a cast of A-list Brit actors , it is worth searching out .
With Notorious C.H.O. Cho proves she has the stuff to stand tall with Pryor , Carlin and Murphy .
rich promise
dramatic performance
dramatic punch and depth
The film 's constant mood of melancholy and its unhurried narrative are masterfully controlled . But ...
to fully exploit the script 's potential for sick humor
to fully capitalize on its lead 's specific gifts
to fruition in her sophomore effort
It may scream low budget , but this charmer has a spirit that can not be denied
slick and manufactured to claim street credibility
slick and manufactured to claim street credibility .
Parents beware ;
dreams and aspirations
a worthwhile documentary ,
a worthwhile documentary
a worthwhile documentary , whether you 're into rap or not , even if it may still leave you wanting more answers as the credits roll .
a worthwhile documentary , whether you 're into rap or not , even if it may still leave you wanting more answers as the credits roll
shouts classic French nuance .
shouts classic French nuance
its poignant and uplifting story in a stunning fusion of music and images
its provocative conclusion
show business has infiltrated every corner of society -- and not always for the better
Newcastle , the first half of Gangster No. 1 drips with style and , at times , blood
Nicholas Nickleby '' is a perfect family film to take everyone to since there 's no new `` A Christmas Carol '' out in the theaters this year .
Nicholas Nickleby celebrates the human spirit with such unrelenting Dickensian decency that it turned me ( horrors ! )
Next Great Thing
Next Pretty Good Thing
Nicholson 's understated performance is wonderful .
Nicholson walks with a slow , deliberate gait , chooses his words carefully and subdues his natural exuberance .
quirky , charming and often hilarious
quirky , charming and
quirky and satirical touches
quirky and recessive charms
as a clever , charming tale -- as pleasantly in its own way as its self-dramatizing characters
as a film , while at the same time being a most touching reconsideration of the familiar masterpiece
as a boldly experimental , contemporary stylist with a bright future
as a clever , charming tale
Standing in the Shadows of Motown is the best kind of documentary , one that makes a depleted yesterday feel very much like a brand-new tomorrow .
wit or innovation
with Ben Stiller 's Zoolander , which I thought was rather clever .
It falls far short of poetry , but it 's not bad prose .
It falls far short of poetry , but it 's not bad prose
brand name
of the land
the physically spectacular qualities of the film ... or the emotional integrity of the performances
's inoffensive
has been grossly underestimated
bizarre developments
bittersweet , uncommonly sincere movie that portrays the frank humanity of ... emotional recovery
bittersweet drama
bittersweet bite
This odd , poetic road movie , spiked by jolts of pop music , pretty much takes place in Morton 's ever-watchful gaze -- and it 's a tribute to the actress , and to her inventive director , that the journey is such a mesmerizing one .
This odd , poetic road movie , spiked by jolts of pop music , pretty much takes place in Morton 's ever-watchful gaze -- and it 's a tribute to the actress , and to her inventive director , that the journey is such a mesmerizing one
This odd , poetic road movie , spiked by jolts of pop music , pretty much takes place in Morton 's ever-watchful gaze --
This odd , poetic road movie , spiked by jolts of pop music , pretty much takes place in Morton 's ever-watchful gaze
This odd , poetic road movie , spiked by jolts of pop music ,
This odd , poetic road movie , spiked by jolts of pop music
This odd , poetic road movie ,
more than another '' Best Man '' clone by weaving a theme throughout this funny film
Workmanlike , maybe , but still a film with all the elements that made the other three great , scary times at the movies
more than adequately fills the eyes and stirs the emotions
more than ably
more straightforward , dramatic treatment
more streamlined
sci-fi action thriller hybrid
scene-stealing wit and wolfish pessimism
laughed that hard
laughed that hard in years
laugh-out-loud way
laughed
laugh-out-loud lunacy
laugh-out-loud lunacy with a pronounced Monty Pythonesque flavor
laugh at either the obviousness of it all or its stupidity or maybe even its inventiveness
laugh-out-loud
laugh as well .
is n't the most edgy piece of Disney animation to hit the silver screen , then this first film to use a watercolor background since '' Dumbo '' certainly ranks as the most original in years .
is n't the most edgy piece of Disney animation to hit the silver screen , then this first film to use a watercolor background since '' Dumbo '' certainly ranks as the most original in years
is n't nearly as graphic but much more powerful , brutally shocking and difficult to watch
is n't nearly as graphic but much more powerful , brutally shocking and difficult
is an original
is an honestly nice little film that takes us on an examination of young adult life in urban South Korea through the hearts and minds of the five principals .
is an honestly nice little film that takes us on an examination of young adult life in urban South Korea through the hearts and minds of the five principals
is art paying homage to art
delicate little film
delicate , articulate character
delicate balance
delicacy and force
delicate
capturing
captures the way young Japanese live now , chafing against their culture 's manic mix of millennial brusqueness and undying , traditional politesse .
capturing the opera 's drama and lyricism
capturing the innocence and idealism of that first encounter
delicious guilty pleasure
deliciously
some great one-liners
some clever writing
some clever writing and sprightly acting
some arresting effects , incandescent tones and stupendous performances
some awesome action photography
some awesome action photography and surfing
of belly laughs ( including a knockout of a closing line )
mounted , exasperatingly well-behaved film , which ticks off Kahlo 's lifetime milestones with the dutiful precision of a tax accountant .
mounted , exasperatingly well-behaved film , which ticks off Kahlo 's lifetime milestones with the dutiful precision of a tax accountant
moulds itself as an example to up-and-coming documentarians , of the overlooked pitfalls of such an endeavour .
A sports movie with action that 's exciting on the field and a story you care about off it .
A sports movie with action that 's exciting on the field and a story
A somewhat crudely constructed but gripping , questing look at a person so racked with self-loathing
A somewhat crudely constructed but gripping , questing look at a person
A somewhat crudely constructed but gripping , questing look at a person so racked with self-loathing , he becomes an enemy to his own race .
A smart , sweet and playful romantic comedy .
A smart , sweet and playful
A solidly seaworthy chiller .
A solidly seaworthy chiller
very funny as you peek at it through the fingers in front of your eyes
the layered richness
seen through the right eyes , with the right actors and with the kind of visual flair that shows what great cinema can really do
very funny sequences
very fast .
most jaded
most mornings . I still like Moonlight Mile , better judgment be damned
most multilayered and sympathetic
find that The Road to Perdition leads to a satisfying destination
find millions of eager fans .
find ourselves surprised at how much we care about the story
find it with Ring , an indisputably spooky film ;
find it with Ring , an indisputably spooky film ; with a screenplay to die for
find humor . Like blended shades of lipstick
find compelling
very funny ,
very funny , but
is nothing short of refreshing
change tables
good-natured spunk
goofy comedy
... continue to impress
has tons of charm
has the showmanship of Clones ' last 45 minutes
has the showmanship of Clones ' last 45 minutes .
better than Pokemon 4Ever
it 's a lyrical endeavour .
it 's a fantastic movie
it 'd be more accurate to say that I found it intriguing , bizarre , Dogma-like in spots - and quite truthful , in its way
is wonderful as the long-faced sad sack
is your ticket right here .
is splendidly
A film that will enthrall the whole family .
A film that 's flawed and brilliant in equal measure .
A film of ideas and wry comic mayhem .
A film of quiet power
A film of epic scale with an intimate feeling , a saga of the ups and downs of friendships .
better than Pokemon
A film of epic scale
A film of epic scale with an intimate feeling , a saga of the ups and downs of friendships
to liven things up
to keep things moving along at a brisk , amusing pace
Blair Witch-style commitment
Blanchett and Ribisi compellingly tap into a spiritual aspect of their characters ' suffering
Blade II merges bits and pieces from fighting games , wire fu , horror movies , mystery , James Bond , wrestling , sci-fi and anime into one big bloody stew .
itself -- as well its delightful cast --
itself -- as well its delightful cast -- is so breezy
its worthy predecessors
itself could be played out in any working class community in the nation .
the cast and crew thoroughly enjoyed themselves and believed in their small-budget film
the bullseye
the brim with ideas
be an intelligent film about young women
this interesting study
be an outrageous dark satire on fraternity life
be an effectively chilling guilty pleasure
Allows us to hope that Nolan is poised to embark a major career as a commercial yet inventive filmmaker
be an epic
All-in-all , the film is an enjoyable and frankly told tale of a people who live among us , but not necessarily with us .
Allen 's funniest and most likeable movie in years .
Allen 's underestimated charm delivers more goodies than lumps of coal .
Allen shows he can outgag any of those young whippersnappers making moving pictures today .
a very tasteful rock and roll movie
a very valuable film
a very tasteful rock and
a very real and amusing give-and-take
a very good ( but not great ) movie
but thrilling
but spiced with wry humor and genuine pathos , especially between Morgan and Redgrave
but not overly sentimental
this might not seem like the proper cup of tea , however it is almost guaranteed that even the stuffiest cinema goers will laugh their \*\*\* off for an hour-and-a-half .
this might not seem like the proper cup of tea , however it is almost guaranteed that even the stuffiest cinema goers will laugh their \*\*\* off for an hour-and-a-half
this little $ 1.8 million charmer , which may not be cutting-edge indie filmmaking
this little $ 1.8 million charmer ,
this little $ 1.8 million charmer
the film has a gentle , unforced intimacy that never becomes claustrophobic .
the film has an odd purity that does n't bring you into the characters so much as it has you study them .
the film has in Kieran Culkin a pitch-perfect Holden .
Mr . Caine and Mr . Fraser are the whole show here , with their memorable and resourceful performances .
Moulin Rouge
Mostly works because of the universal themes , earnest performances ... and excellent use of music by India 's popular Gulzar and Jagjit Singh .
It 's an ambitious film , and as with all ambitious films , it has some problems . But on the whole , you 're gonna like this movie
It 's an ambitious film , and as with all ambitious films , it has some problems .
It 's always fascinating to watch Marker the essayist at work .
'll mute your kids for nearly 80 minutes
to believe in it the most
to being very funny
to behold -- as long as you 're wearing the somewhat cumbersome 3D goggles the theater
to big box office bucks all but guaranteed
are many things that solid acting can do for a movie
are many tense scenes in Trapped
are made for each other .
are lush and inventive
of veracity and narrative grace
of vampire fun
of virtuosic set pieces
love 's
ends with scenes so true and heartbreaking that tears welled up in my eyes both times
ends with scenes so true and heartbreaking
For all its impressive craftsmanship
continually raises the standard of her profession
contemplation
examining its significance
Even if you 've seen `` Stomp '' ( the stage show ) , you still have to see this !
exactly what was missing from Rabbit-Proof Fence
particularly funny
, yes , ` It 's like having an old friend for dinner ' .
, witty , improbable romantic comedy
, wit and warmth than should be expected from any movie with a `` 2 '' at the end of its title .
, will be ahead of the plot at all times
, you 'll enjoy at least the `` real '' portions of the film .
, you 'll cheer .
Easily one of the best and most exciting movies of the year .
Easily one of the best and most exciting movies
Easily one of the best and most exciting movies of the year
Eastwood 's loyal fans
enough interest
enough insight to keep it from being simpleminded
enough of interest onscreen
enough not to hate
nicely understated expression
What 's invigorating about it is that it does n't give a damn .
What 's invigorating about
, there are great rewards here .
, there is a really cool bit -- the movie 's conception of a future-world holographic librarian ( Orlando Jones ) who knows everything and answers all questions , is visually smart , cleverly written , and nicely realized .
the story , like ravel 's bolero
the story , like ravel 's bolero , builds to a crescendo that encompasses many more paths than we started with
The fight scenes are fun , but
good movie
good guys and
good guys
good movie . good actress .
good movie . good actress
good movie .
good movie . good actress . but if you expect light romantic comedy , good gosh , will you be shocked .
good movie . good actress . but if you expect light romantic comedy , good gosh , will you be shocked
it is also refreshing , disarming , and just outright enjoyable despite its ridiculousness .
it is also refreshing , disarming , and just outright enjoyable despite its ridiculousness
it is a good stepping stone for director Sprecher .
it irresistible
warm ,
wants to tweak them with a taste of tangy new humor .
comprehensive and provocative
comprehensive and provocative film
complications , close calls and double-crosses
comprehensible
struck a responsive chord with many South Koreans
strong case
striking ending
striking
Real Women may have many agendas , but it also will win you over , in a big way .
a story largely untold
a step further , richer and deeper
Really is a pan-American movie , with moments of genuine insight into the urban heart .
attracting audiences
attracting audiences to Unfaithful
attract and sustain an older crowd
attracting
Khouri manages , with terrific flair , to keep the extremes of screwball farce and blood-curdling family intensity on one continuum .
Oh , James ! Your 20th outing shows off a lot of stamina and vitality , and get this
Often shocking but ultimately worthwhile
Often shocking but ultimately worthwhile exploration
Oh , James !
Often shocking but ultimately worthwhile exploration of motherhood and desperate mothers
Often shocking but ultimately worthwhile exploration of motherhood and desperate mothers .
by a soft southern gentility that speaks of beauty , grace and a closet full of skeletons
by a warmth that is n't faked
by a winning family story
by acute writing and a host of splendid performances
by an imaginatively mixed cast of antic spirits
by an energy that puts the dutiful efforts of more disciplined grade-grubbers
rise above its disgusting source material
jaw-dropping action sequences , striking villains , a gorgeous color palette , astounding technology , stirring music and a boffo last hour
Throws in enough clever and unexpected twists to make the formula feel fresh .
Tian 's meticulous talent
Tian 's meticulous talent has not withered during his enforced hiatus
literate presentation
literary lyricism and profound common sense .
literary lyricism and profound common sense
Throws in enough clever and unexpected
little gem
of faith
of everything those of us who do n't object to the description '' unelected '' have suspected all along : George W . Bush
all-powerful ,
all-powerful
all-star
all-powerful , a voice for a pop-cyber culture that feeds on her Bjorkness
all-star reunions
A solidly constructed , entertaining thriller
A smart and funny , albeit sometimes superficial , cautionary tale of a technology in search of an artist .
A smart and funny , albeit sometimes superficial , cautionary tale of a technology in search of an artist
A smart and funny , albeit sometimes superficial , cautionary tale of a technology in search
A smart and funny
A solidly constructed , entertaining thriller that stops short of true inspiration .
A solidly constructed , entertaining thriller that stops short of true inspiration
principled
... there is enough originality in ` Life ' to distance it from the pack of paint-by-number romantic comedies that so often end up on cinema screens .
... once the true impact of the day unfolds , the power of this movie is undeniable .
... with '' The Bourne Identity '' we return to the more traditional action genre .
... very funny , very enjoyable ...
of relationships in such a straightforward , emotionally honest manner that by the end
of relationships that come full circle to end on a positive ( if tragic ) note
of renegade-cop tales
of riveting power and sadness
of romance , dancing , singing , and unforgettable characters
Williams absolutely nails Sy 's queasy infatuation and overall strangeness .
even after the most awful acts are committed , is an overwhelming sadness that feels as if it has made its way into your very bloodstream .
mentally `` superior '' friends
mentally `` superior ''
metal , fireballs and revenge
has a lot in common with Piesiewicz 's and Kieslowski 's earlier work , films like The Double Life of Veronique
of the peculiarly moral amorality of ( Woo 's ) best work
had a wonderful account to work from
of the greatest plays of the last 100 years
of the intelligent , well-made B movie
of the intensity that made her an interesting character to begin with
keep the movie slaloming through its hackneyed elements with enjoyable ease .
keep things interesting
keep them guessing
keep this nicely wound clock not just ticking , but humming
... a guiltless film for nice evening out .
... a gleefully grungy , hilariously wicked black comedy ...
a beautifully sung holiday carol
a beautiful film to watch
a beautiful film for people who like their romances to have that French realism
a beautiful film , full of elaborate and twisted characters
a bewilderingly brilliant and entertaining
a better person
a believable mother\/daughter pair
a big , comforting jar of Marmite
a big , comforting jar
presents his point of view that Ayurveda works .
presents an audacious tour of the past and takes within its warm embrace the bounties of cultural artifacts inside St . Petersburg
presented with a wry dark humor
subtlest works
subtle , poignant picture
the most fun
the most famous author who ever lived
to audiences not already sharing ( the movie 's ) mindset
to appreciate Fire 's bright side
All the pieces fall together without much surprise , but little moments give it a boost .
inhabit their world without cleaving to a narrative arc
inimitable Diaz
infrequently breathtaking
initiation rite
at the audacity , at the who 's who casting and the sheer insanity of it all
All the pieces fall together without much surprise , but little moments give it a boost
its courage ,
its comic
its charming quirks
its charming
make a huge action sequence
make ` Cherish ' a very good ( but not great ) movie .
make ` Cherish ' a very good ( but not great ) movie
make : I did n't particularly like E . T . the first time I saw it as a young boy . That is because - damn it !
make a huge action sequence as any director
sweet home
sweet home alabama
of its stylish surprises
serves as a workable primer for the region 's recent history ,
smoother or more confident
smoother
the capable cast
smart
sleeper
slapstick
all its effective moments
how art -- when done right -- can help heal
host to some truly excellent sequences
hosts a parka-wrapped dose of heart
hosts a parka-wrapped dose of heart .
tens
tenderly observant of his characters . He watches them as they float within the seas of their personalities . His scenes are short and often unexpected
tenderly observant of his characters . He watches them as they float within the seas of their personalities . His scenes are short and
tenderly observant of his characters . He watches them as they float within the seas of their personalities . His scenes are short
tends to remind one of a really solid Woody Allen film , with its excellent use of New York locales and sharp writing
are mesmerizing
the power
, remarkably unpretentious
, remains a filmmaker with an acid viewpoint and a real gift for teasing chilly poetry out of lives and settings that might otherwise seem drab and sordid .
, purpose and emotionally bruised characters
, provocative and prescient
, pulse intensifying escapist adventure
a randy film about sexy people in gorgeous places
a rawness
a remarkably coherent , horrifically vivid snapshot
a remarkably coherent , horrifically vivid snapshot of those turbulent days
a rousing treatise of sensual empowerment
this marvelous documentary touches -- ever so gracefully -- on the entire history of the Yiddish theater , both in America and Israel .
this little-known story of Native Americans and
acclaimed actors and actresses
acclaimed
the two and
accompanying sustenance
Neil Burger 's impressive fake documentary
Neither Parker nor Donovan is a typical romantic lead , but they bring a fresh , quirky charm to the formula
In addition to Hoffman 's powerful acting clinic , this is that rare drama that offers a thoughtful and rewarding glimpse into the sort of heartache everyone has felt , or will feel someday .
In addition to Hoffman 's powerful acting clinic
In The Pianist , Polanski is saying what he has long wanted to say , confronting the roots of his own preoccupations and obsessions , and he allows nothing to get in the way .
In The Pianist
In all fairness , I must report that the children of varying ages in my audience never coughed , fidgeted or romped up and down the aisles for bathroom breaks .
In all fairness
In all
In its dry and forceful way , it delivers the same message as Jiri Menzel 's Closely Watched Trains and Danis Tanovic 's No Man 's Land .
for the heart as well as the mind
for the memorable character creations
for the ones that do n't come off
is actually
is a vivid , vibrant individual and the movie 's focus
those are reasons enough to see it
is a future cult classic or
is a film well worth
is a kind of attentive concern
is a heart-wrenching showcase
is a ravishing consciousness-raiser ,
is a ravishing consciousness-raiser
is a small treasure ,
is a small treasure
passionate heart
passive-aggressive psychology
of thrilling moments and a couple of good performances
passion and pretence
-- that you should never forget
takes its time to tell its story , casts mostly little-known performers in key roles , and introduces some intriguing ambiguity
-- on the way to striking a blow for artistic integrity --
takes its time to tell its story , casts mostly little-known performers in key roles , and introduces some intriguing ambiguity .
like a masterpiece
takes Kurys ' career to a whole new level .
talented and terribly charismatic , qualities essential to both movie stars and social anarchists
give us real situations and characters
Moonlight Mile does n't quite go the distance but the cast is impressive and they all give life to these broken characters who are trying to make their way through this tragedy
Moonlight Mile does n't quite go the distance but the cast is impressive and they all give life to these broken characters who are trying to make their way through this tragedy .
perfect as his outstanding performance as Bond in Die
The film is beautifully mounted , but , more to the point , the issues are subtly presented , managing to walk a fine line with regard to the question of Joan 's madness .
The film is exhilarating to watch because Sandler , liberated from the constraints of formula , reveals unexpected depths as an actor .
The film is an enjoyable family film -- pretty much aimed at any youngster who loves horses .
The film is beautifully mounted
The film is all a little Lit Crit 101 , but it 's extremely well played and often very funny .
The film hinges on its performances , and both leads are up to the task .
The film delivers not just the full assault of Reno 's immense wit and insight
The film delivers not just the full assault of Reno 's immense wit and insight , but a time travel back to what it felt like during those unforgettably uncertain days .
with the lovely hush
Schepisi , aided by a cast that seems to include every top-notch British actor who did not appear in Gosford Park ( as well as one , Ms . Mirren , who did ) , has succeeded beyond all expectation .
Schepisi , aided by a cast that seems to include every top-notch British actor who did not appear in Gosford Park ( as well as one , Ms . Mirren , who did )
Schepisi , aided by a cast that seems to include every top-notch British actor who did not appear in Gosford Park ( as well as one , Ms . Mirren , who did ) ,
bien
big , gorgeous , mind-blowing , breath-taking mess
overcomes its questionable in-the-ring match-up with solid fight choreography and gritty prison authenticity
overcomes its questionable in-the-ring match-up with solid fight choreography and gritty prison authenticity .
Credibility
Course
remind one of a really solid Woody Allen film , with its excellent use of New York locales and sharp writing
remind one of a really solid Woody Allen film
remind one of a really solid Woody Allen film ,
creeps into your heart
Glover , the irrepressible eccentric of River 's Edge , Dead Man and Back to the Future , is perfect casting for the role
creative mettle
credible and remarkably mature
creep the living hell out of you
the stuff of high romance , brought off with considerable wit
the stuff to stand tall with Pryor , Carlin and Murphy
tradition and warmth
an extreme action-packed film
an extraordinary poignancy , and the story
an honorable
an honest attempt to get at something
an honest and loving one
an historical episode that , in the simple telling , proves simultaneously harrowing and uplifting
, she 's appealingly manic and energetic .
102-minute
the character 's instability with a metaphorical visual style and an unnerving , heartbeat-like score
the big , dumb , happy movie My Big Fat Greek Wedding
the big , dumb , happy movie
the best -- whatever that might mean
enjoyable level
enjoy themselves
enjoy this
enjoy the film
It 's a remarkably solid and subtly satirical tour de force .
It 's a stunning lyrical work of considerable force and truth .
It 's a pleasure to see Seinfeld griping about the biz with buddies Chris Rock , Garry Shandling and Colin Quinn .
's the Russian word for Wow ! ? '
It 's a much more emotional journey than what Shyamalan has given us in his past two movies , and Gibson , stepping in for Bruce Willis , is the perfect actor to take us on the trip .
It 's a nicely detailed world of pawns , bishops and kings , of wagers in dingy backrooms or pristine forests .
's the Russian word for Wow ! ?
and interesting characters
first computer-generated feature cartoon
first film something of a sleeper success
's the Russian word for Wow !
and gently humorous
and frequently funny thrill
a bright future
a brief shooting star of love
a breath of fresh air
a brave attempt to tap into the heartbeat of the world , a salute to the universal language of rhythm and a zippy sampling of sounds
's that rare family movie -- genuine and sweet
this gut-buster
meant to be ` inspirational ' and ` uplifting '
proves once again that he 's the best brush in the business
gives this coming-of-age story restraint as well as warmth
contrived to be as naturally charming as it needs to be
conventional thriller
gives Erika a persona that is so intriguing that you find yourself staring hypnotically at her , trying to understand her and wondering if she 'll crack
gives a performance that could not be improved upon .
gives his best movie performance since , well , Performance
gives brutal birth to an unlikely , but likable , hero
give you goosebumps as its uncanny tale of love , communal discord , and justice
gives it an honest , lived-in glow
touchingly
touchingly mending a child 's pain for his dead mother via communication with an old woman straight out of Eudora Welty
touching story
touching story .
tough , funny , rather chaotic show
tough beauty
tough , funny , rather chaotic
proves that director M . Night Shyamalan can weave an eerie spell and that Mel Gibson can gasp , shudder and even tremble without losing his machismo .
tough enough to fit in any modern action movie
proves that elegance is more than tattoo deep
A visual spectacle
string together enough charming moments
seems like a minor miracle
stress-reducing
strike a nerve with anyone who 's ever had family trauma
striking character traits
, poignant and leavened
Manages to be sweet and wickedly satisfying at the same time .
Manages to transcend the sex , drugs and show-tunes plot into something far richer .
Margolo . Their computer-animated faces are very expressive
Marquis
` barbershop '' is a good-hearted ensemble comedy with a variety of quirky characters and an engaging story
` barbershop '' is a good-hearted ensemble comedy with a variety of quirky characters and an engaging story .
New Zealand whose boozy , languid air is balanced by a rich visual clarity and deeply
, the film works as well as it does because of the performances .
, the film unfolds with all the mounting tension of an expert thriller , until the tragedy beneath it all gradually reveals itself .
, the film retains ambiguities that make it well worth watching .
, the film maintains a beguiling serenity and poise that make it accessible for a non-narrative feature .
, the film is not only a love song to the movies but it also is more fully an example of the kind of lush , all-enveloping movie experience it rhapsodizes .
, the film is n't nearly as downbeat as it sounds , but strikes a tone that 's alternately melancholic , hopeful and strangely funny .
, the film is less the cheap thriller you 'd expect than it is a fairly revealing study of its two main characters -- damaged-goods people whose orbits will inevitably and dangerously collide .
they succeed merrily at their noble endeavor
a deeply moving effort to put a human face on the travail of thousands of Vietnamese
a deeper story
they sometimes still can be made
they succeed
a dash of the avant-garde fused with their humor
a deeper , more direct connection between these women
a deeper , more direct connection
a deceptively simple premise
a deceptively casual ode
It 's pretty linear and only makeup-deep , but Bogdanovich ties it together with efficiency and an affection for the period
, perversely undercuts the joie de vivre even as he creates it , giving the movie a mournful undercurrent that places the good-time shenanigans in welcome perspective .
If you think it 's a riot to see Rob Schneider in a young woman 's clothes , then you 'll enjoy The Hot Chick .
If you can read the subtitles ( the opera is sung in Italian ) and you like ` Masterpiece Theatre ' type costumes , you 'll enjoy this movie .
If you go into the theater expecting a scary , action-packed chiller
If you like an extreme action-packed film with a hint of humor , then Triple X marks the spot .
If you like an extreme action-packed film with a hint of humor
If you open yourself up to Mr . Reggio 's theory of this imagery as the movie 's set
action hero performances
action to keep things moving along at a brisk , amusing pace
a great film noir
a greater attention
a greater attention to the parents -- and particularly the fateful fathers -- in the emotional evolution of the two bewitched adolescents
dampens her diva persona enough to spark genuine chemistry with Townsend
compelling Spanish film
comparable to the classic films of Jean Renoir
compelling or comprehensible narrative
compelling journey
compelling and even original
compelling portrait
compelling plot
Its use of the thriller form to examine the labyrinthine ways in which people 's lives cross and change , buffeted by events seemingly out of their control ,
Its use of the thriller form to examine the labyrinthine ways in which people 's lives cross and change , buffeted by events seemingly out of their control , is intriguing , provocative stuff .
while the highly predictable narrative falls short , Treasure Planet is truly gorgeous to behold .
while you watch it , offering fine acting moments and pungent insights into modern L.A. 's show-biz and media
while delivering a more than satisfactory amount of carnage
while Huppert ... is magnificent
a renowned Indian film culture that allows Americans to finally revel in its splendor
a renowned Indian film culture
a revealing look
a return to form for director Peter Bogdanovich
you 're a fan of the series
a young woman who wants many things in life , but fears she 'll become her mother before she gets to fulfill her dreams
a zippy jazzy score
ability to make its subject interesting to those who are n't part of its supposed target audience
ability to pull together easily accessible stories that resonate with profundity
A straight-ahead thriller that
need n't be steeped in '50s sociology , pop culture or movie lore to appreciate the emotional depth of Haynes ' work . Though Haynes ' style apes films from the period
need a good laugh , too
need movies like Tim McCann 's Revolution No . 9
necessary viewing for sci-fi fans
need a good laugh
need a good laugh ,
Hollywood satire
Hollywood program
resist temptation
weak on detail and strong on personality
, meditative , clinical and poetic , The Piano Teacher is a daring work of genius .
the neurotic mindset of all comics -- even those who have reached the absolute top of the game
very stylish
simple , sweet and romantic
simple , sweet and romantic comedy
material this rich it does n't need it
material this rich
is the stuff that Disney movies are made of .
matter , but one whose lessons are well worth revisiting as many times as possible
is this films reason for being .
pretty cool stunts
pretty cool characters
most purely enjoyable and satisfying evenings
most purely enjoyable and
most purely enjoyable and satisfying
most purely enjoyable
mostly admirable
mostly it 's a work that , with humor , warmth , and intelligence , captures a life interestingly lived .
embraces it , energizes it and takes big bloody chomps out of it
embraces it , energizes it and
embraces it , energizes it
Safe Conduct is so rich with period minutiae it 's like dying and going to celluloid heaven .
emotional comfort
seeing something purer than the real thing
calculated to provoke shocked laughter ,
caliber and the message of providing solace through deception
From Heaven ''
served
seeing things from new sides ,
viscerally exciting , and dramatically moving
that rare drama that offers a thoughtful and rewarding glimpse into the sort of heartache everyone has felt , or will feel someday
good a job as anyone
that rare luminary
it does possess a coherence absent in recent crass-a-thons like Tomcats , Freddy Got Fingered , and Slackers
it does well
take centre screen
take an 85-minute brush-up course with the documentary Derrida
the number of lasting images all its own
that relays its universal points without lectures or confrontations
that reminded me of the best of the Disney comedies from the 60s
it progresses in such a low-key manner that it risks monotony . But it 's worth the concentration
it promised it would be
it points out how inseparable the two are
depicting the lives of others onstage
Painful to watch , but viewers willing to take a chance will be rewarded with two of the year 's most accomplished and riveting film performances
Presents an astute appraisal of Middle American musical torpor and the desperate struggle
itself to be truly entertaining
itself some important comment on how life throws us some beguiling curves
with enough amusing banter -- blessedly curse-free -- to keep both kids and parents entertained
with enough amusing banter -- blessedly curse-free --
with great cinematic innovation
with gentle humor
with fleet turns of plot and a feast of visual amazement
with heavy doses of always enticing Sayles dialogue
with great evident care
Narc is as gritty as a movie gets these days .
Narc may not get an ` A ' for originality , but it wears its B-movie heritage like a badge of honor .
My goodness , Queen Latifah has a lot to offer and she seemed to have no problem flaunting her natural gifts . She must have a very strong back .
My goodness , Queen Latifah has a lot to offer and she seemed to have no problem flaunting her natural gifts .
Nair does capture the complexity of a big family and its trials and tribulations ...
directs a crack ensemble cast , bringing screenwriter Tony Gayton 's narcotics noir to life
directs a crack ensemble cast , bringing screenwriter Tony Gayton 's narcotics noir to life .
directorial tour de force
directors abandon their scripts and go where the moment takes them
director to watch
director Peter Kosminsky
Judging by those standards , ` Scratch ' is a pretty decent little documentary
modern stories
Red Dragon is less baroque and showy than Hannibal , and less emotionally affecting than Silence . But , like Silence , it 's a movie that gets under your skin .
are among cinema 's finest this year .
big stars and high production values
jesus '
amusing and unpredictable
amuse even the most resolutely unreligious parents who escort their little ones to megaplex screenings
amusing , interesting and confirming
amuse and
among the best films of the year
among the best films of the year .
big round eyes and
Monte Cristo smartly emphasizes the well-wrought story and omits needless chase scenes and swordfights as the revenge unfolds .
his sleek black BMW
his skill at telling a story -- he also contributed to the screenplay --
his skill at inspiring accomplished portrayals that are all the more impressive for their lack of showiness
should not get the first and last look at one of the most triumphant performances of Vanessa Redgrave 's career .
sweet , and intermittently hilarious
Sex
Sayles ' smart wordplay and clever plot contrivances are as sharp as ever , though they may be overshadowed by some strong performances .
Sayles ' smart wordplay and clever plot contrivances
Seldahl and Wollter 's sterling performances
The best you can say about it is it
commands interest almost solely as an exercise in gorgeous visuals . That 's not vintage Spielberg and that , finally , is minimally satisfying .
commended for taking a fresh approach to familiar material
A good documentary can make interesting a subject you thought would leave you cold .
has fun with the quirks of family life
's a pleasure when you do n't have to endure intermissions
's a pleasurable trifle
's a lyrical endeavour .
has fashioned an absorbing look at provincial bourgeois French society .
has few equals this side of Aesop
has fashioned an absorbing look at provincial bourgeois French society
has filmed the opera exactly as the libretto directs , ideally capturing the opera 's drama and lyricism
has filmed the opera exactly as the libretto directs , ideally capturing the opera 's drama and lyricism .
crucial role
brain-slappingly
overflowing
Sillier , cuter , and
Sillier , cuter ,
Simple , poignant and leavened with humor , it 's a film that affirms the nourishing aspects of love and companionship .
Simple , poignant and leavened with humor
Simple , poignant and leavened
. Feelgood
. Hilariously
think he 'd appreciate this attempt to turn his life into art
they were simply a triumph of the indomitable human will to rebel , connect and create
cleverer , better written
clever sight gags
cleverer
clever idea
truthful . Mr . Koshashvili is a director to watch
This is n't a narrative film -- I do n't know if it 's possible to make a narrative film about September 11th , though I 'm sure some will try -- but it 's as close as anyone has dared to come .
This is cool , slick stuff , ready to quench the thirst of an audience that misses the summer blockbusters .
This is one of the most visually stunning and thematically moving epics in recent memory , and in spite of numerous minor flaws , Scorsese 's best in more than a decade .
This is one of the most visually stunning and thematically moving epics in recent memory
This is one for the ages
This is the kind of movie that used to be right at home at the Saturday matinee
wonderfully loopy tale
miraculously unsentimental comedy-drama
mirth
mirth that should charm all but the most cynical
It seems impossible that an epic four-hour Indian musical about a cricket game could be this good , but
It seems impossible that an epic four-hour Indian musical about a cricket game could be this good ,
It seems impossible that an epic four-hour Indian musical about a cricket game could be this good
It rapidly develops into a gut-wrenching examination of the way cultural differences and emotional expectations collide .
It pulls the rug out from under you , just when you 're ready to hate one character , or really sympathize with another character
It offers a glimpse of the Solomonic decision facing Jewish parents in those turbulent times : to save their children and yet to lose them .
It seems impossible that an epic four-hour Indian musical about a cricket game could be this good , but it is .
It seems impossible that an epic four-hour Indian musical about a cricket game could be this good , but it is
're likely to have one helluva time at the movies
The plot 's clearly mythic structure may owe more to Disney 's strong sense of formula than to the original story . But while the highly predictable narrative falls short , Treasure Planet is truly gorgeous to behold .
When one hears Harry Shearer is going to make his debut as a film director , one would hope for the best
spellbinding fun and deliciously exploitative
consistently funny , in an irresistible junior-high way ,
consistently funny
spellbinding fun and deliciously exploitative .
consistent embracing humanity
consumed by lust and love and crushed by betrayal that it conjures up the intoxicating fumes and emotional ghosts of a freshly painted Rembrandt .
consistent with the messages espoused in the company 's previous video work
considered career-best performances
consistent
At a time when half the so-called real movies are little more than live-action cartoons , it 's refreshing to see a cartoon that knows what it is , and knows the form 's history .
At its best
At times funny and at other times candidly revealing , it 's an intriguing look at two performers who put themselves out there because they love what they do .
Atom
consumed by lust and love and crushed by betrayal that it conjures up the intoxicating fumes and emotional ghosts of a freshly painted Rembrandt
than a spy thriller like The Bourne Identity
on screen thrills
above much of the director 's previous popcorn work
above pat inspirational status
on several levels , openly questioning social mores while ensnaring the audience with its emotional pull
above the run-of-the-mill singles blender
above-average brains
above the globe in dazzling panoramic shots that make the most of the large-screen format , before swooping down on a string of exotic locales , scooping the whole world up in a joyous communal festival of rhythm
away exhilarated
awed by the power and grace of one of the greatest natural sportsmen of modern times
would be like to be smack in the middle of a war zone armed with nothing but a camera
romp that 's always fun to watch
romp that 's always fun to watch .
rollicking good time
romantic crime comedy
piano
picture-perfect life
of a comedy of a premise
emotional depth
's still a sweet , even delectable diversion
emerges as another key contribution
emerge as an exquisite motion picture in its own right
emerges as his most vital work since GoodFellas .
's strongest and most touching movie of recent years
to transcend the rather simplistic filmmaking
to top form
to truly capture the terrifying angst of the modern working man without turning the film into a cheap thriller , a dumb comedy or a sappy
Unfolds with such a wallop of you-are-there immediacy that when the bullets start to fly , your first instinct is to duck .
Unfolds in a low-key , organic way that encourages you to accept it as life and go with its flow .
Unfolds with such a wallop of you-are-there immediacy
Unfolds in a series of achronological vignettes whose cumulative effect is chilling .
as much fun
wall-to-wall toe-tapping music to paint a picture of a subculture that is at once exhilarating , silly , perverse , hopeful and always fun
wall
accumulated enjoyment
ache with sadness ( the way Chekhov is funny )
... a visually seductive , unrepentantly trashy take on rice 's second installment of her vampire chronicles
... one of the most ingenious and entertaining thrillers i
... one of the most ingenious and entertaining thrillers i 've seen in quite a long time
... one of the most ingenious and entertaining thrillers i 've seen in quite a long time .
An ambitiously naturalistic , albeit half-baked , drama about an abused , inner-city autistic
that its luckiest viewers will be seated next to one of those ignorant
that leaps over national boundaries and celebrates universal human nature
that leads up to a strangely sinister happy ending
that likely
the way for adventurous Indian filmmakers toward a crossover
( Howard ) so good as Leon Barlow ...
in this romantic comedy
doc that is n't trying simply to out-shock , out-outrage or out-depress its potential audience !
to have one helluva time at the movies
attractive about this movie
the heart of anyone old enough to have earned a 50-year friendship
is that its dying , in this shower of black-and-white psychedelia , is quite beautiful .
is that it avoids the obvious with humour and lightness
is that it avoids the obvious with humour and lightness .
affected child acting
of the guru who helped
of the giant screen and its hyper-realistic images
comfortable
comfort
comes from a renowned indian film culture that allows americans to finally revel in its splendor
Reno himself can take credit for most of the movie 's success .
Mr . Wollter and Ms . Seldhal give strong and convincing performances , but
Ms . Shu is an institution
of good performances
watchable by a bravura performance
watch it , offering fine acting moments and pungent insights into modern L . A
watch it , offering fine acting moments and pungent insights
The film is beautifully mounted , but , more to the point , the issues are subtly presented
The film is beautifully mounted , but , more to the point , the issues are subtly presented ,
The film is beautifully mounted , but
The film is a verbal duel between two gifted performers .
The film is beautifully mounted ,
has the twinkling eyes , repressed smile and determined face needed to carry out a Dickensian hero
has the twinkling eyes , repressed smile and
has the right stuff for silly summer entertainment and has enough laughs to sustain interest to the end .
has the right stuff for silly summer entertainment and
, sadism and seeing people
no denying that Burns is a filmmaker with a bright future ahead of him
no doubt that this film asks the right questions at the right time in the history of our country
no doubt intended the film to affirm love 's power to help people endure almost unimaginable horror
no doubt the filmmaker is having fun with it all
LaBute masterfully balances both Traditional or Modern stories together in a manner that one never overwhelms the other .
Lagaan is quintessential Bollywood .
through the expected hoops with style and even some depth
through on some solid performances and witty dialogue
the enterprise
Simply
intelligent and considered in its details
intelligence and wit
intelligible story
intelligent and considered in its details , but
seamless ensemble
was fundamentally unknowable even to his closest friends
For most of the distance the picture provides a satisfyingly unsettling ride into the dark places of our national psyche .
For movie lovers as well as opera lovers
For movie lovers as well as opera lovers , Tosca is a real treat .
Kaufman creates an eerie sense of not only being there at the time of these events but
Jules and
Kaufman creates an eerie sense of not only being there at the time of these events but the very night Matthew was killed
Jason X has cheesy effects and a hoary plot , but its macabre , self-deprecating sense of humor makes up for a lot
Jean Genet and John Rechy , the films of Fassbinder
Lathan and Diggs have considerable personal charm ,
the movie gods on a silver platter
's lots of cute animals and clumsy people . ` Snow Dogs ' has both
she sees it as a chance to revitalize what is and always has been remarkable about clung-to traditions .
shines like a lonely beacon
who do n't believe in Santa Claus
got some good , organic character work , lots of obvious political insights and little room for engaging , imaginative filmmaking in its nearly 2 1\/2
got some good , organic character work , lots of obvious political insights and little room
got some good , organic character work , lots of obvious political insights and little room for engaging , imaginative filmmaking in its nearly 2 1\/2 - hour , dissipated length
gourmet
got some good , organic character work , lots of obvious political insights and little room for engaging , imaginative filmmaking in its nearly 2 1\/2 - hour , dissipated length .
greatly
ultimate theme
truly unique
truly unique character studies
turn his life into art
twists worthy of David Mamet
have a great ending
a blast of shallow magnificence that only sex , scandal , and a chorus line of dangerous damsels can deliver
of ( Witherspoon 's ) better films
As a belated nod to some neglected all-stars , Standing in the Shadows of Motown is cultural history of the best kind : informative , revealing and richly entertaining .
the high standards
the hearts of animation enthusiasts of all ages
a bit of yourself in her unfinished story
a bittersweet and lyrical mix
American sports
Koury frighteningly and honestly exposes
The wonderful combination of the sweetness and the extraordinary technical accomplishments of the first film are maintained , but
For the most part Stevens glides through on some solid performances and witty dialogue .
For the most part , it 's a work of incendiary genius , steering clear of knee-jerk reactions and quick solutions .
For the most part , director Anne-Sophie Birot 's first feature is a sensitive , extraordinarily well-acted drama .
The wonderful combination
better hip-hop clips
better entertainment
his usual intelligence and subtlety
better movie
flashy twists
flashes of mordant humor
colorful event
quiet endurance
quiet endurance , of common concern ,
quiet , threatening and unforgettable
Comedian '
Combines a comically dismal social realism with a farcically bawdy fantasy of redemption and regeneration .
Colorful , energetic and sweetly whimsical ... the rare sequel that 's better than its predecessor
Colorful , energetic and sweetly whimsical ...
Colorful , energetic and sweetly whimsical ... the rare sequel that 's better than its predecessor .
one of the saddest films i have ever seen that still manages to be uplifting but not overly sentimental
one of the most ingenious and entertaining thrillers i
one man 's triumph of will
one man 's triumph
one of the most high-concept sci fi adventures attempted for the screen
one never overwhelms the other
inventive , fiercely competitive
inventiveness
allusions
alluring
allows it to rank with its worthy predecessors
allows the characters to inhabit their world without cleaving to a narrative arc
introduces viewers to a good charitable enterprise and some interesting real people
mixes comedy with a serious exploration of ego and jealousy within a seemingly serene marriage
A whole lot of fun and funny in the middle , though somewhat less hard-hitting at the start and finish .
A whole lot of fun and funny in the middle , though somewhat less hard-hitting at the start and finish
A wild , endearing , masterful documentary .
A wild , endearing , masterful documentary
A wild comedy that could only spring from the demented mind
A wild comedy
mixes comedy with a serious exploration of ego and jealousy within a seemingly serene marriage .
is gripping , as are the scenes of Jia with his family
a man whose engaging manner and flamboyant style made him a truly larger-than-life character
a lump of Play-Doh
a magnetic performance
a major director
a major director is emerging in world cinema
a marching band that gets me where I live
's good enough .
's great for the kids
's guilty fun to be had here
's guilty fun to be had here .
's genuinely cool to hear characters talk about early rap records ( Sugar Hill Gang , etc. )
Denzel Washington 's fine performance
Demme gets a lot of flavor and spice into his Charade remake , but
Demme gets a lot of flavor and spice into his Charade remake ,
Denzel Washington 's fine performance in the title role
sinister happy ending
to enhance the franchise
sincere performance
singing , and unforgettable characters
cutesy romance , dark satire and murder mystery
P.T. Anderson understands the grandness of romance and how love is the great equalizer that can calm us of our daily ills and bring out joys in our lives that we never knew were possible
P.T. Anderson understands the grandness of romance and
P.T. Anderson understands the grandness of romance
Hitchens ' obsession with Kissinger is , at bottom , a sophisticated flower child 's desire to purge the world of the tooth and claw of human power
the story relevant in the first place
the strength of their own cleverness
Hitchcockian theme
Hitchcockian
mindsets
mind-blowing
mind when considering the world 's best cuisine
, intelligent
a loosely autobiographical story brushed with sentimentality but brimming with gentle humor , bittersweet pathos , and lyric moments that linger like snapshots of memory
you can do no wrong with Jason X .
Matthew Lillard is born to play Shaggy !
sip your vintage wines and watch your Merchant Ivory productions
vanishes somewhere between her hair and her lips .
a crazy work of disturbed genius
sit back and enjoy a couple of great actors hamming it up
A splendid entertainment , young in spirit but accomplished in all aspects with the fullness
A splendid entertainment
A smart
A sober and affecting chronicle
A smart , witty follow-up .
cinema mad , set-piece mad , style mad .
cinema mad , set-piece mad , style mad . It 's a beautiful madness
cinema master class .
chronicles Seinfeld 's return to stand-up comedy after the wrap of his legendary sitcom , alongside wannabe comic Adams ' attempts to get his shot at the big time .
of Friday-night excitement and Milla
change moods are treasures and even marvels . So
see a movie
Paid in Full has clever ways of capturing inner-city life during the Reagan years .
been waiting my whole life for this movie
see a feature that concentrates on people , a project in which the script and characters hold sway
worth your seven bucks
worthwhile documentary
worth the look
worth watching
worth taking
worth the journey
worth revisiting
Pan Nalin 's exposition is beautiful and mysterious , and
worthwhile for reminding us that this sort of thing does , in fact , still happen in America
worthwhile moviegoing experience
political Blair Witch , a monstrous murk that haunts us precisely because it can never be seen
Pan Nalin 's exposition is beautiful and mysterious ,
pokes , provokes , takes expressionistic license and hits a nerve
starts off with a 1950 's Doris Day feel
startling story
self-aware movies go , Who is Cletis Tout ?
starting with Spielberg and going right through the ranks of the players -- on-camera and off -- that he brings together
do indeed feel for them .
have been the ultimate IMAX trip
have been worth cheering as a breakthrough but
have been worth cheering as a breakthrough
modestly
modestly surprising
modestly made
modestly surprising movie
with wit
tasty and
is nicely shot , well-edited and features a standout performance by Diane Lane .
is nicely shot , well-edited and features a standout performance by Diane Lane
is nicely shot ,
is nicely shot
is nicely shot , well-edited and
is nicely shot , well-edited
her heroine 's book sound convincing
her heroine 's book sound convincing , the gender-war ideas original
her heroine 's book sound convincing , the gender-war ideas original ,
her heroine 's book sound convincing , the gender-war ideas original , or
her heroine 's book sound convincing , the gender-war ideas original , or the comic scenes fly
it 's definitely -- defiantly -- ya ya , what with all of those terrific songs and spirited performances
it 's definitely -- defiantly -- ya ya , what with all of those terrific songs and spirited performances .
it 's challenging , sometimes clever , and always interesting
it 's assured , wonderfully respectful of its past and thrilling enough to make it abundantly clear that this movie phenomenon has once again reinvented itself for a new generation
it 's assured , wonderfully respectful of its past and thrilling enough to make it abundantly clear that this movie phenomenon has once again reinvented itself for a new generation .
it 's as close as anyone has dared to come .
it 's an unpretentious , sociologically pointed slice of life .
it 's approached with imagination and flair
cast actors who are , generally speaking , adored by the movie-going public
cast of solid female talent who build a seamless ensemble . There is n't a weak or careless performance amongst them .
cast of solid female talent who build a seamless ensemble . There is n't a weak or careless performance amongst them
makes for a touching love story
makes for a touching love story ,
makes for a touching love story , mainly because Blanchett and Ribisi compellingly tap into a spiritual aspect of their characters ' suffering
makes for a touching love story , mainly because Blanchett and Ribisi compellingly tap into a spiritual aspect of their characters ' suffering .
makes good B movies ( The Mask , The Blob )
makes him the film 's moral compass
A film that takes you inside the rhythms of its subject : You experience it as you watch
A droll , well-acted , character-driven comedy with unexpected deposits of feeling
A fast-moving and remarkable film that appears destined to become a landmark in Japanese animation
A feel-good picture in the best sense
a lot of life in Hong Kong cinema
a lot to offer
a lot of careful period attention as well as some very welcome wit
a lively script , sharp acting and partially animated interludes make Just a Kiss seem minty fresh .
to present an unflinching look at one man 's downfall , brought about by his lack of self-awareness
other feel-good fiascos like Antwone Fisher or The Emperor 's Club any time
other great documentaries
other hallmarks of his personal cinema painted on their largest-ever historical canvas
again and quite cheered at just that
ca n't quite maintain its initial momentum , but remains sporadically funny throughout .
ca n't recommend it enough
ca n't recommend it enough .
the film 's conflict-powered plot
the film 's easygoing blend
the film 's easygoing blend of comedy and romance
-LRB- Drumline -RRB- is entertaining for what it does , and admirable for what it does n't do .
-LRB- Schweiger is -RRB- talented and terribly charismatic , qualities essential to both movie stars and social anarchists .
-LRB- Wendigo is -RRB- why we go to the cinema : to be fed through the eye , the heart , the mind .
-LRB- A -RRB- rare , beautiful film .
-LRB- But it 's -RRB- worth recommending because of two marvelous performances by Michael Caine and Brendan Fraser
is a compliment to Kuras and Miller .
, the movie is funny , smart , visually inventive , and most of all , alive .
is a bright , light modern day family parable that wears its heart on its sleeve for all to see
trusted audiences
is a bright , light modern day family parable that wears its heart on its sleeve for all to see .
brilliantly bold colors
brilliant original
is a brilliant movie .
what looks like a juicy , delicious plum on a hot summer day
is a children 's film in the truest sense .
all ages at any time
alienating as ` Bartleby ' so effectively makes it
look like a classic
not just the full assault of reno 's immense wit and insight , but a time travel
not just the full assault of reno 's immense wit and insight , but
can inspire a few kids not to grow up to be greedy
get enough of that background for the characters to be involving as individuals rather than types
get at something
flawless amounts
weaving a theme
left with the sensation of having just witnessed a great performance
touching , raucously amusing
touching , raucously amusing ,
Again '' worthwhile
touched by the film 's conviction that all life centered on that place , that time and that sport
touched by this movie
-- she 's pretty and she can act --
the power of the Huston performance , which seems so larger than life and yet so fragile
the power of this movie is undeniable .
the power of the Huston performance
the power of the Huston performance ,
america 's sweetheart
More mature than Fatal Attraction , more complete than Indecent Proposal and
More mature than Fatal Attraction , more complete than Indecent Proposal and more relevant than 9 1\/2 Weeks
is pretty funny now and then without in any way demeaning its subjects
is pretty funny now and then without in any way demeaning its subjects .
More mature than Fatal Attraction , more complete than Indecent Proposal and more relevant than 9 1\/2 Weeks , Unfaithful is at once intimate and universal cinema .
is powerful , accessible and funny .
is pretty damned funny
is pretty damned funny .
is pretty funny
american art house
is priceless
is priceless .
american art
just loved every minute of this film .
just enough to keep us on our toes
just brilliant in this
of profound , real-life moments that anyone can relate to
just that and it 's what makes their project so interesting
just may inspire a few younger moviegoers to read Stevenson 's book , which is a treasure in and of itself .
how admirably
, personal film
detail and nuance
designed to make viewers of all ages
despite the long running time , the pace never feels slack
detail
good , straightforward
good intentions
good
good ,
The exploitative , clumsily staged violence overshadows everything , including most of the actors .
them are funny , a few are sexy
tackles a subject that 's potentially moving
them are funny , a few are sexy and
with witty dialogue and inventive moments
when the fantastic Kathy Bates turns up .
a grand picture
a gorgeously atmospheric meditation on life-changing chance encounters
the makings of an interesting meditation on the ethereal nature of the internet and the otherworldly energies
on a high note
on a bumpy but satisfying journey of the heart
on a devilishly witty script by Heather McGowan and Niels Mueller
on Imax it seems better , not just bigger
much accompanying sustenance in the way of characterization , humor or plain old popcorn fun
faint of heart or conservative of spirit , but for the rest of us -- especially San Francisco lovers
looked as beautiful , desirable , even delectable ,
looked as beautiful , desirable , even delectable , as it does in Trouble Every Day
Deliciously slow .
Delight your senses and crash this wedding !
Delia , Greta , and Paula rank as three of the most multilayered and sympathetic female characters of the year .
The 3-D vistas from orbit , with the space station suspended like a huge set of wind chimes over the great blue globe
are front and center
are fun and reminiscent of combat scenes from the Star Wars series
are fun and reminiscent of combat scenes
are first-rate
are for children and dog lovers
would be a rarity in Hollywood
are fun and reminiscent of combat scenes from the Star Wars series .
of the excellent 1934 MGM version
generally light enough
general and theatrical phenomenon
despite some first-rate performances
generosity
good , organic character work
pros
the age
windshield
wind up sticking in one 's mind a lot more than the cool bits
freshman
fresh point
fresh , sometimes funny , and
fresh , sometimes funny , and usually genuinely worthwhile
a terrible beauty
a tasty balance
a tasty hors-d'oeuvre
a symbolic resonance
a talented head
a surprisingly engaging film
a sweet and charming way
To others , it will remind them that Hong Kong action cinema is still alive and kicking .
Like a skillful fisher
Like a less dizzily gorgeous companion to Mr . Wong 's In the Mood for Love -- very much a Hong Kong movie despite its mainland setting .
Like a veteran head cutter , Barbershop is tuned in to its community .
Like a skillful fisher , the director uses the last act to reel in the audience since its poignancy hooks us completely .
Like all of Egoyan 's work , Ararat is fiercely intelligent and uncommonly ambitious .
to mention absolutely refreshed
A '' black Austin Powers ? '' I prefer to think of it as '' Pootie Tang with a budget . '' Sa da TAY !
Sad to say -- it accurately reflects the rage and alienation that fuels the self-destructiveness of many young people .
a thrill ride .
a thrill ride
a thrill ride . this is a more fascinating look at the future than '' bladerunner ''
a thrill ride . this
a thoughtful , reverent portrait of what is essentially a subculture , with its own rules regarding love and family , governance and hierarchy
a thoughtful , reverent portrait of what
a thrill
a thoughtful , reverent portrait of what is essentially a subculture , with its own rules regarding love and family , governance and hierarchy .
a thriller
Peter Jackson has done the nearly impossible . He has improved upon the first and taken it a step further , richer and deeper . What Jackson has done
Peter Jackson has done the nearly impossible . He has improved upon the first and taken it a step further , richer and deeper .
Peter Jackson and company once again dazzle and delight us , fulfilling practically every expectation either a longtime Tolkien fan or a movie-going neophyte could want .
Peter Jackson and company once again dazzle and delight us , fulfilling practically every expectation either a longtime Tolkien fan or a movie-going neophyte
Peter Jackson has done the nearly impossible . He has improved upon the first and taken it a step further , richer and deeper . What Jackson has done is proven that no amount of imagination , no creature , no fantasy story and no incredibly outlandish scenery
Peter Mattei 's Love in the Time of Money sets itself apart by forming a chain of relationships that come full circle to end on a positive ( if tragic ) note
under our skin simply by crossing the nuclear line
serve up a whole lot of laughs
Predictable and cloying , though Brown Sugar is so earnest in its yearning for the days before rap went nihilistic that it summons more spirit and bite than your average formulaic romantic quadrangle .
Notwithstanding my problem with the movie 's final half hour , I 'm going to recommend SECRETARY , based on the wonderful acting clinic put on by Spader and Gyllenhaal , and also the unique way Shainberg goes about telling what at heart is a sweet little girl -
Notwithstanding my problem with the movie 's final half hour , I 'm going to recommend SECRETARY , based on the wonderful acting clinic put on by Spader and Gyllenhaal , and
Notwithstanding my problem with the movie 's final half hour , I 'm going to recommend SECRETARY , based on the wonderful acting clinic put on by Spader and Gyllenhaal , and also the unique way Shainberg goes about telling what at heart is a sweet little girl
Howard and his co-stars all give committed performances
It 's hard to quibble with a flick boasting this many genuine cackles , but Notorious C.H.O. still feels like a promising work-in-progress .
It 's hard to quibble with a flick boasting this many genuine cackles , but Notorious C.H.O. still feels like a promising work-in-progress
It 's hard to imagine anybody ever being `` in the mood '' to view a movie as harrowing and painful as The Grey Zone , but it 's equally hard to imagine anybody being able to tear their eyes away from the screen once it 's started .
the previous movies
A film that presents an interesting , even sexy premise
So beautifully acted and directed , it 's clear that Washington most certainly has a new career ahead of him if he so chooses .
So fiendishly cunning that even the most jaded cinema audiences will leave the auditorium feeling dizzy , confused , and totally disorientated . Not to mention absolutely refreshed .
So genial is the conceit , this is one of those rare pictures that you root for throughout , dearly hoping that the rich promise of the script will be realized on the screen . It never is , not fully .
So unique
A film really has to be exceptional to justify a three hour running time
So unique and stubborn and charismatic
A film really has to be exceptional to justify a three hour running time , and
A film that plays things so nice
bore except when the fantastic Kathy Bates turns up . Bravado Kathy
bore except when the fantastic Kathy Bates turns up . Bravado Kathy !
universally interesting soul
universally interesting
as a catalyst for the struggle of black manhood in restrictive and chaotic America ... sketchy but nevertheless gripping portrait of Jim Brown , a celebrated wonder in the spotlight
as a chance to revitalize what is and always has been remarkable about clung-to traditions
as a compliment
as a clever exercise in neo-Hitchcockianism
as a comedy
the tooth and claw of human power
the amazingly lifelike Tara Reid
have found a cult favorite to enjoy for a lifetime
have ever seen , constantly pulling the rug from underneath us , seeing things from new sides , plunging deeper , getting more intense .
have ever seen , constantly pulling the rug from underneath us , seeing things from new sides , plunging deeper , getting more intense
have easily become a cold , calculated exercise in postmodern pastiche winds up a powerful and deeply moving example of melodramatic moviemaking
have done a fine job of updating White 's dry wit to a new age .
we care about the story
intelligent , and humanly funny film .
we feel as if the film careens from one colorful event to another without respite
between Chaplin and Kidman
betting her third feature will be something to behold
better video-game-based
better than ` Shindler 's List '
It 's not just a feel-good movie , it 's a feel movie . You feel good ,
of two fine actors , Morgan Freeman and Ashley Judd
It 's not just a feel-good movie , it 's a feel movie . You feel good , you feel sad
surprisingly sweet and gentle comedy
intelligent movie
intelligent humor
sure if you 're a Hartley fan , you might enjoy yourself
is a showcase for Sandler 's many talents .
is a showcase for Sandler 's many talents
is a small treasure , enveloping the viewer in a literal and spiritual torpor that is anything but cathartic .
is a small treasure , enveloping the viewer in a literal and spiritual torpor that is anything but cathartic
is a simple and heart-warming story , full of mirth that should charm all but the most cynical .
is a simple and heart-warming story , full of mirth that should charm all but the most cynical
is a surprisingly effective Peter\/Spider-Man
Witherspoon puts to rest her valley-girl image
With so many bad romances out there , this is the kind of movie that deserves a chance to shine .
With wit and empathy to spare
a vivid , vibrant individual and
a triumph of the indomitable human will
a truly singular character ,
a terrific character study ,
a tight plot with an easy pace and
a sorrowful and hilarious tone poem about alienated labor , or
It 's not just a feel-good movie , it 's a feel movie . You feel good , you feel sad , you feel pissed off ,
a winsome cast and
watch if you only had a week to live
trusting the material
passionate adaptation
U.S. audiences may find ( Attal and Gainsbourg 's ) unfamiliar personas give the film an intimate and quaint reality that is a little closer to human nature than what Hollywood typically concocts .
near-hypnotic physical beauty
cerebral
cerebral and cinemantic flair
surprisingly idealistic
many conclusive answers in the film
in the pants
from its own provocative theme
from its remarkable camerawork and awesome scenery
A venturesome , beautifully realized psychological mood piece that reveals its first-time feature director 's understanding of the expressive power of the camera .
A venturesome , beautifully realized psychological mood piece that reveals its first-time feature director
surprisingly engrossing
by an astonishing voice cast ( excepting Love Hewitt ) , an interesting racial tension , and a storyline
The story , once it gets rolling , is nothing short of a great one .
The story has some nice twists but the ending and some of the back-story is a little tired . The performances are all solid
familiar , funny surface
The story 's scope and pageantry are mesmerizing , and Mr . Day-Lewis roars with leonine power .
... takes Kurys ' career to a whole new level .
... it acknowledges and celebrates their cheesiness as the reason why people get a kick out of watching them today .
... In this incarnation its fizz is infectious
... a roller-coaster ride of a movie
... innocent and well-meaning
frailty to suggest the ravages of a life of corruption and ruthlessness
frailty fascinates
four-star movie
talented enough and charismatic enough to make us care about Zelda 's ultimate fate
talented performers
talented enough and
talk about for hours
demented in a good way
demographic while
and compelling story
and character development
Beautiful ,
Beautiful , angry and sad
Beautiful , angry and sad ,
Beautiful , angry and sad , with a curious sick poetry , as if the Marquis de Sade
Beautiful , angry and sad , with a curious sick poetry , as if the Marquis de Sade had gone in for pastel landscapes .
Beautiful , cold , oddly colorful and just plain otherworldly , a freaky bit of art that 's there to scare while we delight in the images
a romantic comedy plotline straight from the ages
a romantic crime comedy
a rollicking good time for the most part
a romantic comedy plotline
a roaring success
a rollicking good time
a riveting , pulse intensifying escapist adventure
a riveting , pulse intensifying escapist adventure of the first order
a reunion concert
a rich visual clarity and deeply
utter sincerity
utilized the scintillating force of its actors to draw out the menace of its sparse dialogue
usurp the preaching message so that , by the time the credits roll across the pat ending , a warm , fuzzy feeling prevails
real filmmaker 's
Despite Besson 's high-profile name being Wasabi 's big selling point , there is no doubt that Krawczyk deserves a huge amount of the credit for the film 's thoroughly winning tone .
is so rich with period minutiae it 's like dying and going to celluloid heaven
is so rich with period minutiae
is sentimental but feels free to offend , is analytical and then surrenders to the illogic of its characters , is about grief and yet permits laughter .
is sentimental but feels free to offend , is analytical and then surrenders to the illogic of its characters , is about grief and yet permits laughter
is so off-Hollywood that it seems positively French in its rhythms and resonance
positive
portrayed with quiet fastidiousness by Per Christian Ellefsen ,
possible to say that Williams has truly inhabited a character
positive ,
A knowing
A knowing look at female friendship , spiked with raw urban humor .
A little better than Sorcerer 's Stone
A little better than Sorcerer 's Stone .
real pleasure
real masterpiece
the movie to a higher level
refreshingly naive
A three-hour cinema master class .
A touching , small-scale story
A thoughtful movie ,
A thoughtful movie
A thoughtful movie , a movie that is concerned with souls and risk and schemes and the consequences of one 's actions .
A touching , small-scale story of family responsibility and care in the community
A touching , small-scale story of family responsibility and care
Murder hits and generally sustains a higher plateau with Bullock 's memorable first interrogation of Gosling .
sure to give you a lot of laughs in this simple , sweet and romantic comedy
the movie never feels formulaic , because the attention is on the nuances of the emotional development of the delicate characters .
, the emotions seem authentic
, the diva shrewdly surrounds herself with a company of strictly A-list players .
a thoughtful and unflinching examination of an alternative lifestyle
, the characters have a freshness and modesty that transcends their predicament .
, the director uses the last act to reel in the audience since its poignancy hooks us completely .
, the characters make Italian for Beginners worth the journey
a testament to the film 's considerable charm that it succeeds in entertaining , despite playing out like a feature-length sitcom replete with stereotypical familial quandaries
a terrific role for someone like Judd , who really ought to be playing villains
a testament to De Niro and director Michael Caton-Jones
a thirteen-year-old 's book report
a thoroughly modern maiden
a thing that already knows it 's won
revitalize
revitalize what is and always has been remarkable about clung-to traditions
revolutionary spirit
rewritten , and for the uncompromising knowledge that the highest power of all is the power of love
Feelgood
one 's imagination will lead when given the opportunity
once emotional and richly analytical
once emotional and richly
crafted an engaging fantasy of flavours and emotions , one part romance novel , one part recipe book
provocative .
provocative
providing comic relief
crafted , and well executed
's nothing wrong with that if the film is well-crafted and this one is
's nothing more satisfying during a summer of event movies than a spy thriller like The Bourne Identity that 's packed with just as much intelligence as action
's nothing wrong with that
's nothing more satisfying during a summer of event movies than a spy thriller like The Bourne Identity that 's packed with just as much intelligence as action .
's now , more than ever , choosing his roles with the precision of the insurance actuary
... visually striking and slickly staged
... `` Bowling for Columbine '' remains a disquieting and thought-provoking film ...
... a light , yet engrossing piece .
... a great , participatory spectator sport . '
zany '
the rare directors who feels acting is the heart and soul of cinema
Hopkins
Hopkins and Norton are a winning combination
truly funny
whose meaning and
Ash Wednesday is not Edward Burns ' best film , but it is a good and ambitious film
Ash Wednesday is not Edward Burns ' best film , but it is a good and ambitious film .
Asia , where Ms. Shu is an institution
Astonishing is n't the word --
poetically
the charismatic Jackie Chan to even younger audiences
the charm of Kevin Kline
the charm of Kevin Kline and
the charisma of a young woman who knows how to hold the screen
the charismatic Jackie Chan
the charismatic Jackie Chan to
, it 's still a guilty pleasure to watch .
, it 's still entertaining to watch the target practice .
, it 's pleasant enough
I could say '' Thank God It 's Friday ''
I could listen to a teacher with humor , passion , and verve
repeating
renting
behalf of a good cause
Competently
Conrad L . Hall 's cinematography will likely be nominated for an Oscar next year
Conrad L . Hall 's cinematography will likely be nominated for an Oscar next year --
snazzy-looking digital effects
snazzy-looking
The skills of a calculus major at M.I.T.
The story 's scope and pageantry are mesmerizing , and Mr. Day-Lewis roars with leonine power
The story 's scope and pageantry are mesmerizing , and Mr. Day-Lewis roars with leonine power .
has been given a loving screen transferral .
has brilliantly updated his source and grasped its essence , composing a sorrowful and hilarious tone poem about alienated labor , or an absurdist workplace sitcom .
Scorsese 's bold images and generally smart casting ensure that `` Gangs '' is never lethargic
has enough grandeur and scale to satisfy as grown-up escapism
has enough grandeur and scale to satisfy as grown-up escapism .
Schnitzler does a fine job contrasting the sleekness of the film 's present with the playful paranoia of the film 's past . '
for laughs
that have made the original New Testament stories so compelling for 20 centuries
Orgasm
adam sandler 's heart
to be a boy truly in love with a girl
that has made Tucker a star
confection that 's pure entertainment .
confident enough
confection that 's pure entertainment
strikes a tone that 's alternately melancholic , hopeful and strangely funny
strikes a defiantly retro chord , and outpaces its contemporaries with daring and verve .
strikes a defiantly retro chord , and outpaces its contemporaries with daring and verve
viewed and treasured for its extraordinary intelligence and originality
striking about Jolie 's performance
striking , quietly vulnerable personality
with ambitious , eager first-time filmmakers
a visual delight and
a very moving and revelatory footnote to the holocaust
A captivatingly quirky hybrid of character portrait , romantic comedy and beat-the-clock thriller .
A captivatingly quirky hybrid of character portrait , romantic comedy and beat-the-clock thriller
A buoyant romantic comedy about friendship , love , and the truth that we 're all in this together
A buoyant romantic comedy about friendship , love , and the truth
A captivating coming-of-age story
A buoyant romantic comedy about friendship , love , and the truth that we 're all in this together .
A captivating coming-of-age story that may also be the first narrative film to be truly informed by the wireless age .
A captivating coming-of-age story that may also be the first narrative film to be truly informed by the wireless
A captivatingly quirky hybrid
A captivating new film .
of social texture and realism
of small-town competition
of silliness and a little bloodshed
of shape
something as splendid-looking as this particular film
without sacrificing any of the cultural intrigue
is terrific , although the actors must struggle with the fact that they 're playing characters who sometimes feel more like literary conceits than flesh-and-blood humans .
is terrific
is terrific , although the actors must struggle with the fact that they 're playing characters who sometimes feel more like literary conceits than flesh-and-blood humans
is terrific ,
hooting it 's praises
honest working man John Q. Archibald , on a pedestal , then keeps lifting the pedestal higher
facetious comic parody
reunion
This is n't exactly profound cinema , but it 's good-natured and sometimes quite funny .
This is n't exactly profound cinema , but it 's good-natured and sometimes quite funny
This is n't a stand up and cheer flick ; it 's a sit down and ponder affair . And thanks to Kline 's superbly nuanced performance , that pondering is highly pleasurable
This is n't a stand up and cheer flick ; it 's a sit down and ponder affair . And thanks to Kline 's superbly nuanced performance , that pondering is highly pleasurable .
great job
great gift
great films
great film noir
great rewards
great premise
greatest date movies
that 's hard to resist
Frida is n't that much different from many a Hollywood romance . What sets it apart is the vision that Taymor , the avant garde director of Broadway 's The Lion King and the film Titus , brings .
Intriguing and beautiful film ,
Fresnadillo 's dark and jolting images have a way of plying into your subconscious like the nightmare you had a week ago that wo n't go away .
its extraordinary intelligence and originality
its final surprising shots
its excellent storytelling
its excellent storytelling ,
its emphasis on caring for animals and respecting other cultures is particularly welcome
its explosive subject matter
its excellent storytelling , its economical
the Spy Kids franchise establishes itself as a durable part of the movie landscape : a James Bond series for kids .
slam-dunk
her best
her capable cast
her cheery and tranquil suburban life
us to remember that life 's ultimately a gamble and last orders are to be embraced
Intriguing and beautiful film , but
with the task of divining meaning
one Oscar nomination for Julianne Moore this year
one Oscar nomination
one adapted - from-television movie that actually looks as if it belongs on the big screen
top billing .
small , human moments
small , personal film
small but rewarding comedy
very best pictures
slick and sprightly CGI feature
never gets too cloying thanks to the actors ' perfect comic timing and sweet , genuine chemistry .
of high romance , brought off with considerable wit
of his character
tasty
cinematic milestone
the rich promise of the script will be realized on the screen
for a director I admire
its rawness and vitality give it considerable punch .
for a best-foreign-film Oscar
the reason to go see `` Blue Crush '' is the phenomenal , water-born cinematography by David Hennings
the compassion , good-natured humor and the level of insight that made ( Eyre 's ) first film something of a sleeper success
Fans of critics ' darling band Wilco will marvel at the sometimes murky , always brooding look of I Am Trying to Break Your Heart .
Famuyiwa 's feature deals with its subject matter in a tasteful , intelligent manner , rather than forcing us to endure every plot contrivance that the cliché-riddled genre can offer .
satisfaction
My Lips is an original
the emotions seem authentic
My Big Fat Greek Wedding uses stereotypes in a delightful blend of sweet romance and lovingly dished out humor .
Much of this slick and sprightly CGI feature
Much of this slick and sprightly CGI feature is sufficiently funny to amuse even the most resolutely unreligious parents who escort their little ones to megaplex screenings .
sophisticated
sophisticated , brash , sardonic , completely joyful in its execution
sophisticated , brash , sardonic , completely joyful
semi-humorous premise
sweet , tender sermon
sweet , melancholy spell
responsible for this illuminating comedy
retro uplifter .
the most high-concept sci
Better than the tepid Star Trek
Better
Better than the tepid Star Trek : Insurrection
Better than the tepid Star Trek :
Best of all is Garcia , who perfectly portrays the desperation of a very insecure man .
Best of all
Better than the tepid Star Trek : Insurrection ;
, and of the thousands thereafter
, and motorcycles
, and of telling a fascinating character 's story
, and dramatically moving
, and intelligence
understands the workings of its spirit
the form of dazzling pop entertainment
the forest
Son of the Bride , proves it 's never too late to learn .
Sometimes this ` Blood ' seems as tired as its protagonist ... Still , the pulse never disappears entirely , and the picture crosses the finish line winded but still game
Songs from the Second Floor has all the enjoyable randomness of a very lively dream and so manages to be compelling , amusing and unsettling at the same time .
sassy interpretation
Literally
sassy interpretation of the Oscar Wilde play
Ms . Hutchins is talented enough and charismatic enough to make us care about Zelda 's ultimate fate .
Mr . Rose 's updating works surprisingly well .
Mr . Schnitzler proves himself a deft pace master and stylist .
Thanks to Scott 's charismatic Roger and Eisenberg 's sweet nephew
Thanks to Scott 's charismatic Roger and Eisenberg 's sweet nephew , Roger Dodger is one of the most compelling variations on In the Company of Men .
The 3D images only enhance the film 's otherworldly quality , giving it a strange combo of you-are-there closeness with the disorienting unreality of the seemingly broken-down fourth wall of the movie screen .
That rara avis : the intelligent romantic comedy with actual ideas on its mind .
satirical touches
A movie in which laughter and self-exploitation merge into jolly soft-porn 'em powerment . '
A movie in which laughter and self-exploitation merge into jolly soft-porn 'em powerment .
Just watch Bettany strut his stuff
Just watch Bettany strut his stuff . You 'll know a star when you see one .
a blue-chip cast and a provocative title
, Andrew Niccol 's brilliant anti-Hollywood satire ,
, Armenian-Canadian director Atom Egoyan broached an original treatment of a deeply personal subject .
, '' Moretti 's film makes its own , quieter observations
, '' Orange County '' is a refreshing change
, Adrian Lyne comes as close to profundity as he is likely to get .
us on a roller-coaster ride from innocence to experience without even a hint of that typical kiddie-flick sentimentality
, this is a refreshingly novel ride .
, this is even better than The Fellowship .
, this flick is fun , and host to some truly excellent sequences .
affirms the nourishing aspects of love and companionship
affirms
affectionately goofy satire
affects of cultural and geographical displacement .
affectionately
Reyes ' directorial debut has good things to offer
Reyes ' directorial debut has good things to offer ,
Good Stupid Fun
Good actress
God that is accessible
trial movie
tremendous skill
One of the greatest family-oriented , fantasy-adventure movies ever
go , '' Orange County '' is a refreshing change
go see it
go happily along for the ride
glorious groove
glorious
glow
the entertainment bull 's - eye
the entertaining elements
the entertaining elements of the original
's tough , astringent , darkly funny and
's tough , astringent , darkly funny
to see a feature that concentrates on people , a project in which the script and characters hold sway
to see a movie that embraces its old-fashioned themes and in the process comes out looking like something wholly original
to seduce and conquer
dazzling , remarkably unpretentious reminder
and uses Damon 's ability to be focused and sincere
star charisma
stand-up comedy after the wrap of his legendary sitcom
star power
star power ,
's perfect for the proud warrior that still lingers in the souls of these characters
's pleasant enough
be hard-pressed to find a movie with a bigger , fatter heart than Barbershop
be half as entertaining as it is
played this story straight
adorably ditsy but heartfelt performances , and
adorably ditsy but heartfelt performances ,
adorably ditsy but heartfelt performances
adorably ditsy but heartfelt
adorably ditsy but
adorably
adorable Italian guys .
adorable Italian guys
Abandon '' will
Wedding feels a bit anachronistic . Still , not every low-budget movie must be quirky or bleak , and a happy ending is no cinematic sin
majestic achievement
majestic
a brilliant director and charismatic star
the year 's most accomplished and
and that he 's going to make a splash even greater than Arnold Schwarzenegger , Jean-Claud Van Damme or Steven Segal
tons of charm
lets the audience completely
and this is a better film than his earlier English-language movie , the overpraised Elizabeth .
by on Angelina Jolie 's surprising flair for self-deprecating comedy
sell many records
semi-surrealist exploration of the creative act
What makes Salton Sea surprisingly engrossing is that Caruso takes an atypically hypnotic approach to a world that 's often handled in fast-edit , hopped-up fashion .
taking up the current teen movie concern with bodily functions
What makes Esther Kahn so demanding is that it progresses in such a low-key manner that it risks monotony . But it 's worth the concentration .
the thrills pop up frequently
the thrills
What one is left with , even after the most awful acts are committed , is an overwhelming sadness that feels as if it has made its way into your very bloodstream .
he communicates a great deal in his performance
he does all of this , and more , while remaining one of the most savagely hilarious social critics this side of Jonathan Swift .
he 's well worth spending some time with
he allows a gawky actor like Spall -- who could too easily become comic relief in any other film -- to reveal his impressively delicate range .
he can out-stealth any agent
would n't exist without the precedent of Yiddish theater , whose jolly , fun-for-fun 's - sake communal spirit goes to the essence of Broadway
soulful and
with snappy dialogue
with sharp ears and eyes
A rather brilliant little cult item : a pastiche of children 's entertainment , superhero comics , and Japanese animation
A rather brilliant little cult item : a pastiche of children 's entertainment , superhero comics , and Japanese animation .
A rather brilliant little cult item
A rather brilliant little cult item :
A rather average action film that benefits from several funny moments
A quirky comedy set in Newfoundland that cleverly captures the dry wit that 's so prevalent on The Rock .
need stories so much
rich , bittersweet Israeli documentary
rich and exciting
rich , and strange
rich and luscious
rich and sudden
The evocative imagery and gentle , lapping rhythms of this film are infectious -- it gets under our skin and draws us in long before the plot kicks into gear
The evocative imagery and gentle , lapping rhythms of this film are infectious --
The faithful
The evocative imagery and gentle , lapping rhythms of this film are infectious -- it gets under our skin and draws us in long before the plot kicks into gear .
The faithful will enjoy this sometimes wry adaptation of V . S . Naipaul 's novel ,
The faithful will enjoy this sometimes wry adaptation of V . S . Naipaul 's novel
The faithful will enjoy this sometimes wry adaptation of V . S . Naipaul 's novel , but
soulful development
It looks good , Sonny ,
It looks good , Sonny
A stylish but steady , and ultimately very satisfying , piece
directs one of the best ensemble casts of the year
soulful nuances
is creatively
the film could just as well be addressing the turn of the 20th century into the 21st .
the film , which director Gerardo Vera has drenched in swoony music and fever-pitched melodrama
the film careens from one colorful event to another without respite
the film compels
the complexity of a big family and its trials and tribulations
is a far smoother ride .
illuminates
is one of those war movies that focuses on human interaction rather than battle and action sequences
is one that any art-house moviegoer is likely to find compelling
is one that any art-house moviegoer is likely to find compelling .
is one word that best describes this film : honest
is one word that best describes this film : honest .
is a film that defies categorisation . It haunts , horrifies , startles and fascinates ; it is impossible to look away . Ah yes , and then there 's the music
than a worthwhile effort
makes for a terrifying film
hands-on storytelling
handsome and well-made entertainment
urban South Korea
is a gentle film with dramatic punch , a haunting ode to humanity .
the movie runs a good race , one that will have you at the edge of your seat for long stretches . '
the movie looks genuinely pretty .
the movie is powerful and provocative .
absolutely amazing
absorbing documentary
absorbing to American audiences
pristine camerawork
A subtle , humorous , illuminating study of politics , power and social mobility .
witnessed a great performance
Ze movie starts out so funny ,
Ze movie starts out so funny
doing nothing but reacting to it - feeling a part of its grand locations , thinking urgently as the protagonists struggled , feeling at the mercy of its inventiveness , gasping at its visual delights
done any better in bringing the story of Spider-Man to the big screen
done an amazing job of getting realistic performances from his mainly nonprofessional cast
the movie is a silly ( but not sophomoric ) romp through horror and hellish conditions .
and then some . I have n't seen one in so long , no wonder I did n't recognize it at first .
and thoroughly delightful
and there 's no denying the talent of the creative forces behind it .
and thematically moving
and their screen rapport makes the old story seem new .
and thoroughly engage you
urban legend stuff
Do n't plan on the perfect ending , but Sweet Home Alabama hits the mark with critics who escaped from a small town life .
Does what a fine documentary does best : It extends a warm invitation into an unfamiliar world , then illuminates it fully and allows the larger implications of the journey to sink in unobtrusively .
Dogme
Does
Does what a fine documentary does best
hyper-realistic images
hyper-realistic
hypnotic portrait
sufficient
complex , politically charged tapestry
completely honest , open-hearted
completely satisfying
complex from the start -- and , refreshingly , stays that way
urge to get on your feet and shake it
( who never gets to play that flute )
of the few ` cool ' actors who never seems aware of his own coolness
gets you riled up
gets vivid , convincing performances from a fine cast , and generally keeps things going at a rapid pace , occasionally using an omniscient voice-over narrator in the manner of French New Wave films
gets vivid , convincing performances from a fine cast , and generally keeps things going at a rapid pace , occasionally using an omniscient voice-over narrator in the manner of French New Wave films .
gets vivid , convincing performances from a fine cast ,
gets vivid , convincing performances from a fine cast , and
say who might enjoy this , are there Tolstoy groupies out there ? It 's dark and tragic , and lets the business of the greedy talent agents get in the way of saying something meaningful about facing death
saying girls find adolescence difficult to wade through
bittersweet dialogue that cuts to the chase of the modern girl 's dilemma
bittersweet camaraderie and history
bittersweet film
bittersweet dialogue that cuts to the chase of the modern girl 's dilemma .
bitter nor sweet
dampens her diva persona enough to spark genuine chemistry
dampens her diva persona enough to spark genuine chemistry with Townsend . When she speaks
virtuosity
the heart and
's a compelling and horrifying story
's a fairy tale that comes from a renowned indian film culture that allows americans to finally revel in its splendor
's a brilliant , honest performance by nicholson
's a charming and often affecting journey
an engaging nostalgia piece
an engaging mystery
an engaging and moving portrait of a subculture
an engaging and moving portrait
an emotionally satisfying exploration of the very human need
an emotionally satisfying exploration
an enormous feeling
an enjoyable film in its own right
, sentimental
thorough transitions
real film
worth telling
's fun
's fearless in picking apart human foibles , not afraid to lay her life bare in front of an audience .
's frustrating and still oddly likable .
's frustrating and still oddly likable
's fascinating to see how Bettany and McDowell play off each other
's fascinating to see how Bettany and McDowell play off each other .
court maneuvers
Like old myths and wonder tales spun afresh .
Like Mike is a winner for kids , and no doubt a winner for Lil Bow Wow , who can now add movies to the list of things he does well .
worth particular attention
a sobering meditation
a smile on your face and a grumble in your stomach
more to the point , the issues are subtly presented
more tissues
more to grownups
of B-movie excitement
the kind of social texture and realism
Welles groupie\/scholar Peter Bogdanovich took a long time to do it , but he 's finally provided his own broadside at publishing giant William Randolph Hearst .
Welles groupie\/scholar Peter Bogdanovich took a long time to do it , but he 's finally provided his own broadside at publishing giant William Randolph Hearst
An incredibly clever and superbly paced caper filled with scams within scams within scams .
An impossible romance , but we root for the patronized Iranian lad .
An impressive if flawed effort that
An impressive if flawed effort that indicates real talent .
An extraordinary Swedish film
An extraordinary Swedish film about the soul adventure of marriage
I firmly believe that a good video game movie is going to show up soon .
agenda to deliver awe-inspiring , at times sublime , visuals
I enjoyed the movie in a superficial way , while never sure what its purpose was .
touched
touch you to the core in a film you will never forget -- that you should never forget
touched by the film 's conviction
knockabout
knockout
of bittersweet camaraderie and history
epic-horror
epic-horror yarn
Juliette Binoche 's Sand is vivacious , but it 's hard to sense that powerhouse of 19th-century prose behind her childlike smile .
Juliette Binoche 's Sand is vivacious
Juliette Binoche 's Sand is vivacious , but
Juliette Binoche 's Sand is vivacious ,
Yes , soar .
the numerous scenes
Land Beyond Time is an enjoyable Big Movie primarily because Australia is a weirdly beautiful place .
Land Beyond Time is an enjoyable Big Movie primarily because Australia is a weirdly beautiful place
is above all about a young woman 's face , and by casting an actress whose face projects that woman 's doubts and yearnings
is actually funny without hitting below the belt
is actually quite entertaining
is actually quite entertaining .
is actually one of its strengths . Entirely appropriately , the tale unfolds like a lazy summer afternoon and concludes with the crisp clarity of a fall dawn
is actually one of its strengths . Entirely appropriately , the tale unfolds like a lazy summer afternoon and concludes with the crisp clarity of a fall dawn .
is adequate
usual obvious laughs
the engaging ,
the enticing prospect
the enticing prospect of a lot of nubile young actors in a film about campus depravity
than fitfully entertaining
is that her confidence in her material is merited
is structured less as a documentary and more as a found relic
is surprisingly enjoyable
is such a high-energy movie where the drumming and the marching are so excellent , who cares if the story 's a little weak
some good laughs
some good material
some good material in their story about a retail clerk wanting more out of life
you wanting more
you want to see again
you very happy
the long and eventful spiritual journey of the guru who helped
you to take these great leaps of faith
you time
you will laugh at the audacity , at the who 's who casting and the sheer insanity of it all
you what you know when deciding to see it : Anthony . Hopkins
Though it is by no means his best work , Laissez-Passer is a distinguished and distinctive effort by a bona-fide master , a fascinating film replete with rewards to be had by all willing to make the effort to reap them .
creates images even more haunting than those in Mr. Spielberg 's 1993 classic .
creating the layered richness of the imagery in this chiaroscuro of madness and light
will enjoy it
will enjoy .
This may not have the dramatic gut-wrenching impact of other Holocaust films , but it 's a compelling story , mainly because of the way it 's told by the people who were there .
Those outside show business will enjoy a close look at people they do n't really want to know .
create ultimate thrills
of the world 's greatest teacher
of the year 's best
of the year with its exquisite acting , inventive screenplay , mesmerizing music , and many inimitable scenes
of theater history
top notch
contemporary southern adolescence
content
continually challenges perceptions of guilt and innocence , of good guys and bad , and asks us
continually challenges perceptions of guilt and innocence , of good guys and bad , and asks us whether a noble end can justify evil means
continually challenges perceptions of guilt and innocence , of good guys and bad , and asks
Despite its good nature and some genuinely funny moments
The hot topics of the plot are relegated to the background -- a welcome step forward from the Sally Jesse Raphael atmosphere of films like Philadelphia and American Beauty .
The humor and humanity
The hard-to-predict and absolutely essential chemistry between the down-to-earth Bullock and the nonchalant Grant proves to be sensational , and everything meshes in this elegant entertainment
The hard-to-predict and absolutely essential chemistry between the down-to-earth Bullock and the nonchalant Grant proves to be sensational , and everything meshes in this elegant entertainment .
The hard-to-predict and absolutely essential chemistry between the down-to-earth Bullock and the nonchalant Grant proves to be sensational ,
The hard-to-predict and absolutely essential chemistry between the down-to-earth Bullock and the nonchalant Grant proves to be sensational , and
The humor and humanity of Monsoon Wedding
The humor and humanity of Monsoon Wedding are in perfect balance .
than it is funny
might be literate and smart
metaphor
of New York locales and sharp writing
watch a solid tale about a universally interesting soul
watch a solid tale
sit through its tidal wave of imagery and not
sit through its tidal wave of imagery
sit back , relax and have a few
sit back , relax and
sit back , relax
and one that speaks volumes about the ability of the human spirit to find solace in events that could easily crush it forever
and often lovely
's a fantastic movie
Taken purely as an exercise in style , this oppressively gloomy techno-horror clambake is impossible to ignore . But as a movie
Tales from the Crypt
will find Morrison 's iconoclastic uses of technology to be liberating
followed the runaway success of his first film , The Full Monty ,
unleashed by a slightly crazed , overtly determined young woman
the same time , which is a pretty amazing accomplishment
feel the screenwriter at every moment ` Tap , tap , tap ,
real human soul
will enjoy a fast-paced comedy with quirks that might make the award-winning Coen brothers envious .
semi-amusing to watch Robert DeNiro belt out '' When you 're a Jet
the masses with star power , a pop-induced score
the masses with star power , a pop-induced score and sentimental
will enjoy a fast-paced comedy with quirks that might make the award-winning Coen brothers envious
ca n't bring yourself to dislike it
The stars may be college kids , but the subject matter is as adult as you can get
sending the audience
comes off as big
comes together as a coherent whole
his zeal
hit
's not the worst comedy of the year
The stars
An unintentional parody
predictably efficient piece
Visually fascinating ... an often intense character study about fathers and sons , loyalty and duty .
prefer this new version
prepared to cling to the edge of your seat
the direction is intelligently accomplished
a couple of things that elevate `` Glory '' above most of its ilk , most notably the mere presence of Duvall
a cool event for the whole family
a conversation starter
a couple hours of summertime and a bucket of popcorn
the director , Frank Novak , that keeps the film grounded in an undeniable social realism
the latest eccentric
the director at his most sparkling
have to know about music to appreciate the film 's easygoing blend of comedy and romance
's a masterpeice .
Pokemon 4ever
artsy , and even cute
artwork
artsy ,
artsy , and
have so steeped themselves in the majesty of Tolkien 's writing that every frame produces new joys , whether you 're a fan of the books or not
permits laughter
An off-beat and fanciful film about the human need for monsters to blame for all that
An off-beat and fanciful film about the human need for monsters to blame for all that is amiss in the world .
An old-fashioned but emotionally stirring adventure tale of the kind they
An old-fashioned but emotionally stirring adventure tale of the kind they rarely make anymore .
An older cad instructs a younger lad in Zen and the art of getting laid in this prickly indie comedy of manners and misanthropy .
Chouraqui no doubt intended the film to affirm love 's power to help people endure almost unimaginable horror
Chris Columbus ' sequel is faster , livelier and a good deal funnier than his original .
film that 's flawed and brilliant in equal measure
something wholly original
film that 's flawed and brilliant in equal measure .
Choose your reaction : A. ) That sure is funny !
final third
you 're a comic fan
won -- and
unrelentingly grim -- and equally engrossing
Sheridan had a wonderful account to work from , but , curiously , he waters it down , turning grit and vulnerability into light reading
something to behold
amiable but
ambitious and moving
ambitious , sometimes beautiful adaptation
ambitious and
ambitious and personal
something vital
the most powerful thing in life
something vital about the movie
the ` they do n't make 'em like that anymore ' department
who holds the film together with a supremely kittenish performance that gradually accumulates more layers
, for everybody who wants to be a kid again , or show it to their own kids
Martin is a masterfully conducted work .
Marvelously
the Ya-Ya Sisterhood
Martin 's deterioration and Barbara 's sadness -- and , occasionally
that pushes the boundaries of biography , and challenges its audience
that presents an audacious tour of the past and takes within its warm embrace the bounties of cultural artifacts inside St . Petersburg
that only sex , scandal , and a chorus line of dangerous damsels can deliver
that overcomes much
that respects its audience and its source material
can easily imagine Benigni 's Pinocchio becoming a Christmas perennial
can easily imagine Benigni 's Pinocchio becoming a Christmas perennial .
can do no wrong with Jason X.
an actor this uncharismatically beautiful
an addictive guilty pleasure but the material
The punch lines
rest contentedly with the knowledge that he 's made at least one damn fine horror movie
One Hour Photo lives
Jagger the actor is someone you want to see again .
It has a caffeinated , sloppy brilliance , sparkling with ideas you wish had been developed with more care , but animated by an energy that puts the dutiful efforts of more disciplined grade-grubbers to shame .
It grabs you in the dark and shakes you vigorously for its duration .
Guys would probably be duking it out with The Queen of the Damned for the honor .
It finds its moviegoing pleasures in the tiny events that could make a person who has lived her life half-asleep suddenly wake up and take notice .
It excels because , unlike so many other Hollywood movies of its ilk , it offers hope .
It gives devastating testimony to both people 's capacity for evil and their heroic capacity for good .
It has that rare quality of being able to creep the living hell out of you ...
's clear that Washington most certainly has a new career ahead of him
's certainly an honest attempt to get at something
's both charming and well acted
's both charming and well
's characteristically startling visual style and an almost palpable sense of intensity .
the flamboyant mannerisms
, reaffirming that long-held illusions are indeed reality , and that erasing them recasts the self
the pace never feels slack
In his debut as a film director , Denzel Washington delivers a lean and engaging work .
as substantial
redeem their mentally '' superior
redeemed by its stars
seal the deal
by H
search of something different
In a way , the film feels like a breath of fresh air , but only to those that allow it in .
finally comes into sharp focus
at last
at last found a worthy follow-up
qualifies as cool at times
qualifies as cool
this a charmer
this an eminently engrossing film
this ambitious comic escapade
this Wild film
has the perfect face to play a handsome blank yearning to find himself
has the suavity or classical familiarity of Bond
has the right approach and the right opening premise
You experience it as you watch .
turn this fairly parochial melodrama into something really rather special
being about nothing is sometimes funnier than being about something
You 'll gasp appalled and laugh outraged and possibly , watching the spectacle of a promising young lad treading desperately in a nasty sea , shed an errant tear .
turns fanciful , grisly and engagingly quixotic
turn this fairly parochial melodrama into something really rather special .
the hills
that noble , trembling incoherence
to make box office money that makes Michael Jordan jealous
You can feel the heat that ignites this gripping tale , and the humor and humanity that root it in feeling .
that one can honestly describe as looking , sounding and simply feeling like no other film in recent history
the horror fan
It 's harmless , diverting fluff . But
bumps and
is pleasant , diverting and modest
is pleasant , diverting and modest -- definitely a step in the right direction
is pleasant , diverting and modest -- definitely a step in the right direction .
is plenty fetching enough
brings to his characters ,
co-writers Lisa Bazadona and Grace Woodard
the filmmakers to present the biblical message of forgiveness without it ever becoming preachy or syrupy
shows some spunk and promise
intriguing
intrigue
intrigue , treachery
into the life of wladyslaw szpilman , who is not only a pianist , but a good human being
The movie is ingenious fun .
The movie is hardly a masterpiece , but it does mark Ms. Bullock 's best work in some time .
The movie has lots of dancing and fabulous music .
The movie is hardly a masterpiece , but it does mark Ms. Bullock 's best work in some time
a lush , swooning melodrama
's emotionally engrossing , too ,
kathryn bigelow offers no sugar-coating or interludes of lightness
linger long after this film has ended
line between passion and pretence .
limited but enthusiastic
will have an intermittently good time . Feel free to go get popcorn whenever he 's not onscreen .
durable obsessions
Compellingly watchable .
Compellingly
Combines sharp comedy , old-fashioned monster movie atmospherics , and genuine heart
of the universal themes , earnest performances
he does display an original talent
Combines sharp comedy , old-fashioned monster movie atmospherics , and genuine heart to create a film that 's not merely about kicking undead \*\*\* , but also about dealing with regret and , ultimately , finding redemption
simple , but gritty and well-acted
puts to rest her valley-girl image
puts the sting back into the con
puts the dutiful efforts of more disciplined grade-grubbers
Rather quickly , the film falls into a soothing formula of brotherly conflict and reconciliation .
bumping his head
as naturally
as one of Murphy 's better performances in one of his lesser-praised movies
think you 've figured out Bielinsky 's great game , that 's when you 're in the most trouble
direct hit
a few are sexy
a few chuckles ,
avid
of a very old-school kind of quality
The actors are appealing
by '' Project Greenlight '' winner
The actors are appealing ,
to transcend its clever concept
it 's an opera movie for the buffs .
's a remarkably solid and subtly satirical tour de force
's a nicely detailed world of pawns , bishops and kings , of wagers in dingy backrooms or pristine forests
is for fans who ca n't stop loving anime , and the fanatical excess built into it .
is fresh to say about growing up Catholic or , really , anything
is full of memorable performances from top
is funny , touching , smart and complicated
is generally light enough
is generous and deep
's a pleasure to see Seinfeld griping about the biz with buddies Chris Rock , Garry Shandling and Colin Quinn
A smart , provocative drama that does the nearly impossible
A smart , provocative drama
A small movie with a big impact .
A small movie with a big impact
A smart , compelling drama .
A smart , compelling drama
A sly female empowerment movie ,
A sly female empowerment movie , although not in a way anyone would expect .
of style and substance
spunky , spirited fashion
spunky , original
to the finish line
to teach a young audience , which will probably be perfectly happy with the sloppy slapstick comedy
spun afresh .
spun afresh
twice removed
Wow .
far more good-natured spirit and talent
far more good-natured
far more talented than Ali G
the special effects and narrative flow much improved ,
the special effects and narrative flow much improved , and
knows in his bones that he is one of the luckiest men alive
knows the mistakes that bad movies make and is determined not to make them , and maybe that is nobility of a sort
It 's a very tasteful rock and roll movie .
It 's a testament to De Niro and director Michael Caton-Jones that by movie 's end , we accept the characters and the film , flaws and all .
It 's a very valuable film ...
It 's a very tasteful rock and roll movie . You could put it on a coffee table anywhere .
It 's about issues most adults have to face in marriage and
It 's about issues most adults have to face in marriage and I think that 's what I liked about it -- the real issues tucked between the silly and crude storyline .
It 's about issues most adults have to face in marriage and I think that 's what I liked about it -- the real issues tucked between the silly and crude storyline
, it has a more colorful , more playful tone than his other films .
, it has considerable charm .
, it does n't disappoint .
, it does so without compromising that complexity .
confident enough to handle subtlety
condensation
, director Anne-Sophie Birot 's first feature is a sensitive , extraordinarily well-acted drama .
, daring , inventive and refreshingly unusual
, deeply emotional eyes shine through this bogus veneer ...
, dancing , running , sweating , mopping his face and generally displaying the wacky talent that brought him fame in the first place
, credit for trying
, dainty psychological terror on the outside with a creamy filling of familial jealousy and unrepentant domestic psychopathy .
those who like long books and movies will admire the way it accumulates power and depth
those visual in-jokes
those visual in-jokes , as in the film 's verbal pokes at everything from the likes of Miramax chief
love a Disney pic with as little cleavage as this one has , and a heroine as feisty and principled as Jane
love and compassion
love and compassion garnered from years of seeing it all , a condition only the old are privy to , and ... often misconstrued as weakness
love and familial
love and humility
love and power
love it ,
potentially good
continues to cut a swathe through mainstream Hollywood , while retaining an integrity and refusing to compromise his vision .
potentially interesting
potentially good comic premise
potentially interesting idea
americans to finally revel in its splendor
spellbinding African film
Yes , Spirited Away is a triumph of imagination ,
edgy camera work
rare drama that offers a thoughtful and rewarding glimpse into the sort of heartache everyone has felt , or will feel someday
rare drama that offers a thoughtful and rewarding glimpse into the sort of heartache everyone
rare treat
rare luminary
rapid-fire delivery
rare drama
rare directors
editorial process
rarely stoops to cheap manipulation or corny conventions to do it
charmingly
redeemable
charming triumph
its dreaminess
check it out
checking out for the performances alone
Magnifique
Magnifique '
Maik , the firebrand turned savvy ad man ,
Maik , the firebrand turned savvy ad man , would be envious of
n't make 'em like that anymore
into a fascinating part of theater history
into a classic genre
into a believable mother\/daughter pair
very , very good
versatile Stanley Kwan
prepare us
The movie 's progression
A slick ,
the sensational true-crime hell-jaunt purists might like and more experimental in its storytelling ( though no less horrifying for it ) .
by the better film 's ability to make its subject interesting to those who are n't part of its supposed target audience
by sparking debate and encouraging thought
for its courage , ideas , technical proficiency and great acting
for its intelligence and intensity
A slick , skillful little horror film
some lovely pictures
some memorable images ...
some jolly country
They are what makes it worth the trip to the theatre .
covers the same period as Kaufmann 's `` Quills '' with more unsettlingly realistic results
Signs is a good film , and it is
to be involving as individuals rather than types
with a light ( yet unsentimental ) touch
a slightly naughty , just-above-average off - broadway
lightly entertaining
light-heartedness , that makes it attractive throughout
light treat
worthy of her considerable talents
really steals the show
really solid performances by Ving Rhames and Wesley Snipes
really strong second effort
interesting bit
really solid performances
really solid Woody Allen film
really vocalized
really tells the tale
us intriguing glimpses of the insights gleaned from a lifetime of spiritual inquiry
urban comedy
us feeling touched and amused by several moments and ideas
can almost see Mendes and company getting together before a single frame had been shot and collectively vowing , ` This is going to be something really good .
can almost see Mendes and company getting together before a single frame had been shot and collectively vowing , ` This is going to be something really good
's more enjoyable than I expected , though , and that 's because the laughs come from fairly basic comedic constructs .
's mildly interesting to ponder the peculiar American style of justice that plays out here
's mission accomplished
can be distinguished from a mediocre one by the better film 's ability to make its subject interesting to those who are n't part of its supposed target audience
the delicate forcefulness of Greene 's prose
Mr. Scorsese 's bravery and integrity
with raw emotions
with poetic force and buoyant feeling
with remarkable serenity and discipline
lavish grandeur
layer upon layer
of menacing atmosphere
resonates
interest and empathy
While the ideas about techno-saturation are far from novel , they 're presented with a wry dark humor .
's a solid woman - finding-herself story
have a sense of humor
have a story and a script
the power of the implicit and
the physically spectacular qualities of the film ... or
retelling a historically significant , and personal , episode detailing how one international city welcomed tens of thousands of German Jewish refugees while the world 's democracie
detailed down to the signs on the kiosks
Triple X is a double agent , and he 's one bad dude . When you 've got the wildly popular Vin Diesel in the equation , it adds up to big box office bucks all but guaranteed .
Triple X is a double agent , and he 's one bad dude . When you 've got the wildly popular Vin Diesel in the equation
Triple X
Matters play out realistically if not always fairly
a fun , no-frills ride
a fun adventure movie
a fully engaged supporting cast
affords to watch Jackson , who also served as executive producer , take his smooth , shrewd , powerful act abroad
Mastering its formidable arithmetic of cameras and souls , Group articulates a flood of emotion .
a frighteningly fascinating contradiction
Mastering its formidable arithmetic of cameras and souls
a fun adventure movie for kids ( of all ages ) that like adventure
a funny ( sometimes hilarious ) comedy
One fantastic ( and educational )
that it looks neat
beautiful , self-satisfied
that is surprisingly enjoyable
that is made almost impossible by events that set the plot in motion
miraculous as its DreamWorks makers
miraculous movie
miraculous
his latest feature , R Xmas , marks a modest if encouraging return to form
courage ''
it 's sweet , harmless , dumb , occasionally funny and about as compelling as a fishing show .
courage to knock on that door
pure movie
the kind that sacrifices real heroism and abject suffering for melodrama
that is nearly perfect in its relentless descent to the depths of one man
of male hustlers
meditative and
meditative and lyrical
in gorgeous visuals
that 's good
in his charming 2000 debut Shanghai Noon
jarring , new-agey tone
, endearing
imaginative filmmaker
, enveloping affection
every scrap is of the darkest variety
The gags are often a stitch .
The genius
, playful film that constantly frustrates our desire to know the ` truth ' about this man , while deconstructing the very format of the biography in a manner that Derrida would doubtless give his blessing to .
, provocative , insistently humanizing
The graphic carnage and re-creation of war-torn Croatia is uncomfortably timely , relevant , and sickeningly real .
, sardonic , completely joyful
appeal to a mainstream American audience
appealingly juvenile
appealingly
appealing blend
appealing about the characters
seen by anyone
seen as speculative history , as much an exploration of the paranoid impulse as a creative sequel
the stunt work is top-notch ; the dialogue and drama often food-spittingly funny
than it will be to the casual moviegoer who might be lured in by julia roberts
're not merely watching history
his smooth , Goodfellas image
his smart , edgy voice and waddling profile ( emphasized here ) accent the humor of Wilson 's plight ,
his smart , edgy voice and waddling profile ( emphasized here ) accent the humor of Wilson 's plight , and
seem like the proper cup of tea
seem to keep upping the ante on each other , just as their characters do in the film
May be more genial than ingenious , but it gets the job done
splendour
Analyze That is De Niro 's best film since Meet the Parents
can be fertile sources of humor
can be considered work
is n't that much different from many a Hollywood romance . What sets it apart is the vision that Taymor , the avant garde director of Broadway 's The Lion King and the film Titus , brings .
is n't that much different from many a Hollywood romance . What sets it apart is the vision that Taymor , the avant garde director of Broadway 's The Lion King and the film Titus , brings
is n't that the picture is unfamiliar , but that it manages to find new avenues of discourse on old problems .
is n't that the picture is unfamiliar , but that it manages to find new avenues of discourse on old problems
is never dull
A naturally funny film ,
A naturally funny film , Home Movie
A must-see for fans of thoughtful war films and those interested in the sights and sounds of battle .
A naturally funny film
A much better documentary -- more revealing , more emotional and more surprising -- than its pedestrian English title would have you believe .
A must-see for fans of thoughtful war films and those
A much better documentary -- more revealing , more emotional and more surprising --
A much better documentary -- more revealing , more emotional and more surprising -- than its pedestrian English title
the audience in the travails of creating a screenplay
the audience gets pure escapism
A naturally funny film , Home Movie makes you crave Chris Smith 's next movie .
stand-up magic
catchy songs
celebrates
celebrates their cheesiness as the reason why people get a kick out of watching them today
snagged an Oscar nomination
has always been part of For the most part Wilde 's droll whimsy helps `` Being Earnest '' overcome its weaknesses and Parker 's creative interference ...
as important as humor
as in the songs translate well to film
as intellectual masterpieces
as if to say , '' Look at this ! This is an interesting movie
as immediate as the latest news footage from Gaza and , because of its heightened , well-shaped dramas , twice as powerful
Nicole Kidman makes it a party worth attending .
some weird masterpiece
as it provides a fresh view of an old type
rivals Shakespeare for intrigue , treachery and murder
as if they were jokes : a setup , delivery and payoff
Soderbergh 's best films , `` Erin Brockovich , '' `` Out of Sight ''
Soderbergh 's best films , `` Erin Brockovich , '' `` Out of Sight '' and
Soderbergh 's best films , `` Erin Brockovich ,
Soderbergh 's best films , `` Erin Brockovich , ''
Solaris is rigid and evasive in ways that Soderbergh 's best films , `` Erin Brockovich , '' `` Out of Sight '' and `` Ocean 's Eleven , '' never were .
Soderbergh 's best films , `` Erin Brockovich , '' `` Out of Sight '' and `` Ocean 's Eleven , ''
about intelligent high school
screwball farce and blood-curdling family intensity on one continuum
Family togetherness
like the military system of justice
you leaving the theater with a smile on your face
you liked the previous movies in the series
you like an extreme action-packed film with a hint of humor
Fast Runner has a plot that rivals Shakespeare for intrigue , treachery and murder .
Far more imaginative and ambitious than the trivial , cash-in features Nickelodeon has made from its other animated TV series .
Far more imaginative and ambitious than the trivial , cash-in features Nickelodeon
will not disappoint anyone who values the original comic books .
are scenes of cinematic perfection that steal your heart away
are shockingly intimate
are really going to love The Piano Teacher
are put to perfect use in the breathtakingly beautiful outer-space documentary Space Station 3D
are put to perfect use in the breathtakingly beautiful outer-space documentary Space Station 3D .
are pushed to their most virtuous limits , lending the narrative an unusually surreal tone .
Funny and also heartwarming without stooping to gooeyness
is definitely its screenplay , both for the rhapsodic dialogue that jumps off the page , and for the memorable character creations .
Crane 's decline with unblinking candor
is doing something of a public service -- shedding light on a group of extremely talented musicians who might otherwise go unnoticed and underappreciated by music fans .
is doing something of a public service -- shedding light on a group of extremely talented musicians who might otherwise go unnoticed and underappreciated by music fans
are charming performers
will likely prefer to keep on watching .
will live up to the apparent skills of its makers and the talents of its actors
will keep them awake
will leave you wondering about the characters ' lives after the clever credits roll
will likely prefer to keep on watching
will leave fans clamoring for another ride
audiences on both sides of the Atlantic love him
attractive throughout
audacity and openness
audience members will leave feeling as shaken as Nesbitt 's Cooper looks when the bullets stop flying
past your head
compelling , amusing and unsettling
on any list of favorites
on both suspense and payoff
A charming yet poignant tale
, like Kubrick before him , may not touch the planet 's skin , but understands the workings of its spirit .
, like nothing we 've ever seen before , and yet completely familiar .
, loud special-effects-laden extravaganzas
to courage and happiness
its seriousness , high literary aspirations and stunning acting
competent
confident
compelling
comedy
contemporary
making this character understandable ,
this movie introduces a promising , unusual kind of psychological horror .
male hip hop fantasy
a pleasant enough thing ,
, but it also has humor and heart and very talented young actors
The auteur 's ear for the way fears and slights
The all-French cast is marveilleux .
The amazing film work
The amazing film work is so convincing that by movies ' end you 'll swear you are wet in some places and feel sand creeping in others .
The asylum material is gripping , as are the scenes of Jia with his family .
, beautiful people
, brash , sardonic , completely joyful
, as bouncy animation and catchy songs escort you through the entire 85 minutes
, as there are plenty of laughs and good lines for everyone in this comedy
, beautiful film
eagerly and
possible angle
possibly the best actor
possibly the best actor working in movies today
it 's rare to find a film to which the adjective ` gentle ' applies
propulsive
it 's on par with the first one
it 's one of the saddest films i have ever seen that still manages to be uplifting but not overly sentimental .
it 's one of the saddest films i have ever seen that still manages to be uplifting but not overly sentimental
of despair about entrapment in the maze of modern life
of delicate interpersonal dances . Caine
of discovery
of director Abel Ferrara
about the artistic instinct that pushes a majority-oriented director like Steven Spielberg to follow A . I . with this challenging report so liable to unnerve the majority
about the film that makes it a suitable entry into the fest circuit
about the best straight-up
energizes
energizes it
endear
engrossing
has become one of our best actors
has as much right to make a huge action sequence as any director
strikes hardest
raise the bar on stylized screen violence
you 'll be entertained as well
at least he provides a strong itch to explore more .
is highly enjoyable .
is heroic
is highly enjoyable
the act is still charming here
its welcome well
its two older , more accessible Qatsi siblings
terrific look
rush right out and see it
that appeals to me
rush right out and
compassionately explores the seemingly irreconcilable situation between conservative christian parents and their estranged gay and lesbian children
the second coming
Reveals how important our special talents can be when put in service of of others
're presented with a wry dark humor
is an undeniably fascinating and playful fellow
The success of Undercover Brother
The success
The success of Undercover Brother is found in its ability to spoof both black and white stereotypes equally .
The subtitled costume drama is set in a remote African empire before cell phones , guns , and the internal combustion engine , but the politics that thump through it are as timely as tomorrow .
The subtitled costume drama is set in a remote African empire before cell phones , guns , and the internal combustion engine , but the politics that thump through it are as timely as tomorrow
The sword fighting is well done and
The sword fighting is well done
Lots of effort and intelligence are on display
Lots of effort and intelligence
Lopez himself , who approaches his difficult , endless work with remarkable serenity and discipline .
Lopez himself , who approaches his difficult , endless work with remarkable serenity and discipline
Ferrara 's strongest and most touching movie of recent years .
Fessenden 's narrative is just as much about the ownership and redefinition of myth as it is about a domestic unit finding their way to joy .
Festival In Cannes offers rare insight into the structure of relationships .
of a good story
of a movie , full of images and events ,
of a modern situation comedy
. It 's also , clearly , great fun .
. Bush
a total winner
ethical and philosophical
takes on Nickleby with all the halfhearted zeal of an 8th grade boy delving
takes its techniques into such fresh territory that the film never feels derivative
takes its techniques into such fresh territory
takes the most unexpected material
takes place in Morton 's ever-watchful gaze
more to the point , the issues are subtly presented , managing to walk a fine line with regard to the question of Joan 's madness .
did an appealing job directing Persuasion and Notting Hill in England
( It ) has the feel of a summer popcorn movie . Nothing too deep or substantial . Explosions , jokes , and sexual innuendoes abound .
( Grant ) goes beyond his usual fluttering and stammering and captures the soul of a man in pain who gradually comes to recognize it and deal with it .
( Harmon )
weaves us into a complex web .
a gem that could stand alone
a fuzzy treat
a future cult classic
a frighteningly capable debut and genre piece , but also a snapshot of a dangerous political situation on the verge of coming to a head
a frighteningly capable debut and genre piece
exactly assured in its execution
sustain interest
a gifted director
a gem that could stand alone , a perfectly realized observation of mood , behavior and intent
Smart , sassy interpretation of the Oscar Wilde play .
Smart and
Slow and ponderous , but Rohmer 's drama builds to an intense indoor drama about compassion , sacrifice , and Christian love in the face of political corruption .
Smart , sassy interpretation of the Oscar Wilde play
Slow and ponderous , but Rohmer 's drama builds to an intense indoor drama about compassion , sacrifice , and Christian love in the face of political corruption
Smart and alert
Smart and alert , Thirteen Conversations About One Thing is a small gem .
right movie
has surpassed himself with the magic he 's spun with the Hollywood empress of Ms. Leoni 's Ellie
right inside the massive waves that lifts Blue Crush into one of the summer 's most pleasurable movies
Danilo Donati 's witty designs
right choices
has surpassed himself with the magic he 's spun with the Hollywood empress of Ms. Leoni 's Ellie .
very strong
has thankfully ditched the saccharine sentimentality of Bicentennial Man in favour of an altogether darker side
has thankfully ditched the saccharine sentimentality of Bicentennial Man in favour of an altogether darker side .
Stay
Stay clear of reminding yourself that it 's a '' true story '' and you 're likely to have one helluva time at the movies .
Standing in the Shadows of Motown is cultural history of the best kind : informative , revealing and richly entertaining .
kids-cute sentimentality by a warmth that is n't faked
that writer and director Burr Steers knows the territory
most genuinely sweet films
both colorful pop junk and the classics that unequivocally qualify as art
If you love him , you 'll like it .
is powerful and provocative
a customarily jovial air
sophisticated entertainment
something the true film buff will enjoy .
Versace
dawns , comic relief
dawns , real dawns , comic relief
dazzling .
yearning , the roots of friendship and sexual identity .
funny to shattering and featuring some of the year 's best acting
funny from
furious and full
further curiosity in even the most unknowing viewer
further declares its director , Zhang Yang of Shower , as a boldly experimental , contemporary stylist with a bright future .
A well-made but emotionally scattered film whose hero gives his heart only to the dog
, you 're definitely convinced that these women are spectacular .
, you 're a Jet all the way
A vivid , spicy footnote to history ,
A vivid , spicy footnote to history , and a movie that grips and holds you in rapt attention from
A vivid , spicy footnote to history , and
A vivid , spicy footnote to history , and a movie that grips and holds you in rapt attention from start to finish .
A well-made
A well made indieflick in need of some trims and a more chemistry between its stars .
's so crammed with scenes and vistas and pretty moments
His warriors collide in balletic explosion that implies an underlying order throughout the chaos
His Best
His Best Friend Remembers
Hilarious , acidic Brit comedy .
Hilarious , touching and wonderfully dyspeptic .
appeal beyond being a Sandra Bullock vehicle or a standard romantic comedy
solemn insights
good and different
is generally amusing from time to time
is generally amusing from time
is funny .
is funny , not actually exploiting it yourself
is genial but never inspired , and little
Del
the finest chef
Del Toro has brought unexpected gravity to Blade II
What makes Barbershop so likable , with all its flaws , is that it has none of the pushiness and decibel volume of most contemporary comedies .
What makes How I Killed My Father compelling , besides its terrific performances , is Fontaine 's willingness to wander into the dark areas of parent-child relationships without flinching .
What makes it worth watching
What makes it worth watching is Quaid 's performance .
What makes the film special
What makes the film special is the refreshingly unhibited enthusiasm that the people , in spite of clearly evident poverty and hardship , bring to their music .
What makes the movie special
from perfect
the spirit of a man and his work
Hu and Liu offer natural , matter-of-fact performances that glint with sorrow , longing and love .
I can testify to the comparative accuracy of Ms . Vardalos ' memories and insights .
I admired it , particularly that unexpected downer of an ending .
suggests a director fighting against the urge to sensationalize his material .
suspense , intriguing characters and
through dishonesty , but because they genuinely believe it 's the only way to bring happiness to their loved ones
terrific , sweaty-palmed fun
thrilling moments
to the core of what it actually means to face your fears , to be a girl in a world of boys , to be a boy truly in love with a girl ,
to the core of what it actually means to face your fears , to be a girl in a world of boys , to be a boy truly in love with a girl
to the core of what it actually means to face your fears , to be a girl in a world of boys
to the classic Disney adaptation
to the core of what it actually means to face your fears , to be a girl in a world of boys , to be a boy truly in love with a girl , and to ride the big metaphorical wave that is life -- wherever it takes you
to the core of what it actually means to face your fears , to be a girl in a world of boys , to be a boy truly in love with a girl , and
was reading the minds of the audience .
terrific as Pauline
was particularly funny
was poetically romantic and full of indelible images
was reading the minds of the audience
execution and skill
exhilaratingly
exhilarating documentary
terrific 10th-grade learning tool
some clever bits
It 's an old story , but a lively script , sharp acting and partially animated interludes make Just a Kiss seem minty fresh
some comic sparks
a luv-spreading Dr. Feelgood
a luv-spreading Dr. Feelgood or
some decent performances
roughly equal amounts of beautiful movement and inside information .
with a great premise
get the enjoyable basic minimum
heaped upon a project of such vast proportions need to reap more rewards than spiffy bluescreen technique and stylish weaponry .
of educational energy
of enjoyable , Conan-esque claptrap than the punishing , special-effects soul assaults the Mummy pictures
a picture-perfect
a perfect family film
a perfect family
a perfect
nothing short of a minor miracle in Unfaithful
nothing like love to give a movie a B-12 shot
nothing but net
nothing short of a great one
nothing of the audience other than to sit back and enjoy a couple of great actors hamming it up
That rare movie
That rare film whose real-life basis is , in fact , so interesting that no embellishment is needed .
That rare documentary that incorporates so much of human experience -- drama , conflict , tears and surprise -- that it transcends the normal divisions between fiction and nonfiction film .
That rare documentary that incorporates so much of human experience -- drama , conflict , tears and surprise -- that it transcends the normal divisions between fiction and nonfiction film
That rare film whose real-life basis is , in fact , so interesting that no embellishment is
That old adage about women being unknowable gets an exhilarating new interpretation in Morvern Callar .
That old adage about women being unknowable
That rare documentary that incorporates so much
That rare documentary
be treated to an impressive and highly entertaining celebration of its sounds
be why it 's so successful at lodging itself in the brain
to congratulate himself for having the guts to confront it
of the journey
with a generous cast , who at times lift the material from its well-meaning clunkiness
politics , power and
politically potent
good performances
Succeeds
hip , young adult entertainment
The Lady and the Duke is a smart , romantic drama that dares to depict the French Revolution from the aristocrats ' perspective .
sometimes felt as though I was in the tiny two seater plane that carried the giant camera around Australia , sweeping and gliding , banking
sometimes a chuckle
sophisticated , discerning taste
admire ... the intensity with which he 's willing to express his convictions
admirable quality
admirable look
adept
admire its conception and
admire its conception
colour and depth ,
While locals will get a kick out of spotting Cleveland sites
While locals will get a kick out of spotting Cleveland sites , the rest of the world will enjoy a fast-paced comedy with quirks that might make the award-winning Coen brothers envious .
root for ( clara and paul )
romantics
root for ( clara and paul ) , even like them
root for ( clara and paul ) , even like them ,
is very clever
is very funny but too concerned
is very funny but too concerned with giving us a plot
colour and depth , and
actually happened as if it were the third ending of Clue
actually make a pretty good team
actually amusing
two marvelously
with a bouncy score
been 13 months and 295 preview screenings
gives gifts to grownups
his surprising discovery of love and humility
imaginative and
Scorsese 's best in more than a decade
Scottish comedy
illustrates
worth the promise
worth the time
worth the trip
worth watching , paths worth following
ca n't miss it .
worth seeing just on the basis of the wisdom , and at times , the startling optimism , of the children
of the skateboarding boom
worth the price of admission
of the smarter offerings the horror genre
the richness of characterization that makes his films so memorable
the heartbeat of the world , a salute to the universal language of rhythm and a zippy sampling of sounds
the hearts and minds
the heart of Italian for Beginners
an intriguing and alluring premise
an intricate plot
an intense political and psychological thriller
an interesting racial tension
an interesting dynamic
saved the film is with the aid of those wisecracking Mystery Science Theater 3000 guys
cares
, a formula comedy redeemed by its stars ,
, Warm Water may well be the year 's best and most unpredictable comedy .
, Warm Water Under a Red Bridge is a celebration of feminine energy , a tribute to the power of women to heal .
, Undisputed scores a direct hit .
Some writer dude , I think his name was , uh , Michael Zaidan , was supposed to have like written the screenplay or something , but , dude
phenomenal
philosophical
physically spectacular
... ( the film ) addresses in a fascinating , intelligent manner the intermingling of race , politics and local commerce .
... ( it ) finds a way to lay bare the tragedies of its setting with a good deal of warmth and humor .
... Blade II is more enjoyable than the original .
that are quite touching
defensive driving : It 's careful , conscientious and makes no major mistakes .
they love and make
want you to enjoy yourselves without feeling conned
I love it ... hell
I liked about it
I liked it just enough .
characters worthy of its strong cast
charges
re-create the excitement of such '50s flicks
( Moore 's ) noisy , cocky energy , his passion and class consciousness ; we need his shticks
sneaks up on the viewer
snazzy dialogue
( Howard ) so good as Leon Barlow
( Howard ) so good as Leon Barlow ... that he hardly seems to be acting .
( Lawrence bounces ) all over the stage , dancing , running , sweating , mopping his face and generally displaying the wacky talent that brought him fame in the first place .
drag them to this movie for the Hugh factor
down-to-earth
drama about a father and son connection that is a brief shooting star of love
, polished
dramatic momentum
can be made
its audience -- in a heartwarming , nonjudgmental kind of way --
a stately sense
a startling story that works both as a detailed personal portrait and as a rather frightening examination of modern times
a stirring visual sequence
a stately sense of composition
a stirring visual sequence like a surge through swirling rapids or a leap from pinnacle to pinnacle rouses us .
a stirring visual sequence like a surge through swirling rapids or a leap from pinnacle to pinnacle
its audience -- in a heartwarming , nonjudgmental kind of way -- to consider what we value in our daily lives
the most high-concept sci fi
of substance about a teacher
of surprises
of spontaneity in its execution and a dearth of real poignancy
of sweet romance
Watchable
Washington , as honest working man John Q . Archibald , on a pedestal , then keeps lifting the pedestal higher
from the classics
from the brave , uninhibited performances
could so easily have been fumbled by a lesser filmmaker
remotely triumphant about this motion picture
courage , tragedy and the little guys vs .
coupled with pitch-perfect acting
funny , smart
can draw people together across the walls that might otherwise separate them
its atmosphere is intriguing
quality and a nostalgic , twisty yarn that will keep them guessing
it is generally amusing from time to time
welcomes
be uplifting but not overly sentimental
beautiful
be the year 's best and most unpredictable comedy
be transported into the life of wladyslaw szpilman , who is not only a pianist , but a good human being
beauty or humor
the possibility of hope
the possibility of hope in Auschwitz
the power of the implicit and the virtues of simplicity and economy
What 's infuriating about Full Frontal is that it 's too close to real life to make sense . What 's invigorating about it is that it does n't give a damn .
What 's most refreshing about Real Women Have Curves is its unforced comedy-drama and its relaxed , natural-seeming actors .
What 's most refreshing about Real Women Have Curves
undoubted stylistic tour-de-force
unearthed a rare gem
undoubtedly , leave both camps engaged in a ferocious debate for years to come
uneasily as a horror picture ... but finds surprising depth in its look at the binds of a small family .
uneasily as a horror picture ... but finds surprising depth in its look at the binds of a small family
the kaleidoscope of big , colorful characters
the kids are as cute as all get-out
the kind of dramatic unity
the kind of dramatic unity that transports you
Adroit but finally
Adroit
breathes surprising new life into the familiar by amalgamating genres and adding true human complexity to its not-so-stock characters
breathes surprising new life into the familiar by amalgamating genres and adding true human complexity to its not-so-stock characters .
Frida 's artistic brilliance is undeniable --
Takes a fresh and absorbing look at a figure whose legacy had begun to bronze .
in the long , dishonorable history of quickie teen-pop exploitation , like mike stands out for its only partly synthetic decency .
in the larger picture it paints - of a culture in conflict with itself , with the thin veneer of nationalism that covers our deepest , media-soaked fears
in the life of the celebrated irish playwright , poet and drinker
Frailty is n't as gory or explicit . But in its child-centered , claustrophobic context , it can be just as frightening and disturbing -- even punishing
Corcuera 's attention to detail
Cool ? This movie is a snow emergency .
Cool ?
Coppola 's directorial debut is an incredibly layered and stylistic film that , despite a fairly slow paced , almost humdrum approach to character development , still manages at least a decent attempt at meaningful cinema .
Then you 'd do well to check this one out because it 's straight up Twin Peaks action ...
stories require the full emotional involvement
Their computer-animated faces are very expressive .
breezy spontaneity
them are funny
Full of profound , real-life moments
delivers what it promises : A look at the `` wild ride '' that ensues when brash young men set out to conquer the online world with laptops , cell phones and sketchy business plans .
delivers on that promise .
delivers what it promises : A look at the `` wild ride '' that ensues when brash young men set out to conquer the online world with laptops , cell phones and sketchy business plans
delivers and
delivers and then some
demonstrate the emotional clout to sweep U.S. viewers
demonstrate the emotional clout to sweep U.S. viewers off their feet
it 's worth seeing .
it 's won
it 's this rich and luscious
it 's the very definition of epic adventure .
it 's well worth a rental .
it 's waltzed itself into the art film pantheon .
it 's unnerving suspense
daring and original
dares to depict the french revolution from the aristocrats ' perspective
of why animation is such a perfect medium for children , because of the way it allows the mind to enter and accept another world
of whimsicality , narrative discipline and serious improvisation
of what makes Dover Kosashvili 's outstanding feature debut so potent
subtle and
have a few cute moments
have a good time with this one too
have a good time here
have a new favorite musical
have a radar for juicy roles
works as a treatise on spirituality as well as a solid sci-fi thriller
romance .
A great comedy filmmaker knows great comedy need n't always make us laugh . Tim Story 's not there yet - but ` Barbershop ' shows he 's on his way
to go see it
to get to the heart of the movie
illuminated
illuminated by shards of feeling
if you 're in a mind set for goofy comedy
if you 're in a mind set for goofy comedy , the troopers will entertain with their gross outs , bawdy comedy and head games .
vivid , convincing
The Saigon of 1952 is an uneasy mix of sensual delights and simmering violence , and The Quiet American brings us right into the center of that world .
The Saigon of 1952 is an uneasy mix of sensual delights and simmering violence , and The Quiet American brings us right into the center of that world
a physique to match
understands that a generation defines its music as much as the music defines a generation
of a great one
the rarest kinds
and a fascinating documentary
and a feast of visual amazement
and a few fanciful touches
and a few unabashedly sentimental tears
the picture provides a satisfyingly unsettling ride into the dark places of our national psyche .
the piece , the unerring professionalism of the chilly production , and the fascination embedded in the lurid topic
can do something fun tonight
feeling refreshed and hopeful
feeling like you 've seen a movie instead of an endless trailer
feel-good territory
feel-good movie
A live-wire film that
watch witherspoon 's talents
, amusing , sad and reflective
, lackadaisical charm
, kids will go happily along for the ride .
, laugh-filled little gem
, landmark movie
, leave both camps engaged in a ferocious debate for years to come
to filming the teeming life on the reefs , making this gorgeous film a must for everyone from junior scientists to grown-up fish lovers
the brilliant performances by Testud
to expertly drum up repressed teenage memories in any viewer
the brilliant performances
witty dialogue
continues to improve
continues to improve .
continues .
continues to do interesting work
score
a good script , good dialogue , funny even for adults
a good script , good dialogue ,
a good race , one that will have you at the edge of your seat for long stretches
a good race ,
a good name for a movie
a good film in `` Trouble Every Day
a glorious spectacle like those D.W. Griffith made in the early days of silent film
a glorious dose of humankind 's liberating ability
a gorgeous film -
A sobering and powerful documentary about the most severe kind of personal loss :
are just two of the elements that will grab you
are just two of the elements that will grab you .
are just so WEIRD that I honestly never knew what the hell was coming next .
are intriguing and realistic
are instantly recognizable , allowing the film to paradoxically feel familiar and foreign at the same time .
are kinetic enough to engross even the most antsy youngsters
are kinetic enough to engross even the most antsy youngsters .
A smart , provocative drama that does the nearly impossible :
Fear permeates the whole of Stortelling , Todd Solondz ' oftentimes funny , yet ultimately cowardly autocritique .
Features Fincher 's characteristically startling visual style and an almost palpable sense of intensity .
Mr . Wollter and Ms . Seldhal give strong and convincing performances
Mr . Wollter and Ms . Seldhal give strong and convincing performances ,
Mr . Plympton
Rich in shadowy metaphor and as sharp as a samurai sword
successful )
truly inhabited a character
true to Wilde 's own vision of a pure comedy with absolutely no meaning , and no desire to be anything but a polished , sophisticated entertainment that is in love with its own cleverness
undeniably fascinating and playful
expected flair
true film buff
The movie is brilliant , really . It is philosophy , illustrated through everyday events .
unforced comedy-drama
unfolds like a lazy summer afternoon and concludes with the crisp clarity of a fall dawn
unfolds with grace and humor and gradually
its execution and skill
better drama
its disturbingly close-up look at damaged psyches and its subtle undercurrents of danger
better celebration
its fizz is infectious .
-- and admirably --
-- and admirably -- uncommercial
-- I can testify to the comparative accuracy of Ms . Vardalos ' memories and insights .
-- but , happily , a victim of none
-- but you just have to love the big , dumb , happy movie My Big Fat Greek Wedding .
The kind of trifle that date nights were invented for .
The kind of primal storytelling that George Lucas can only dream of .
The kind of primal storytelling that George Lucas can only dream of
The kind of sense of humor that derives from a workman 's grasp of pun and entendre and its attendant
an all-star salute
an allegedly inspiring and easily marketable flick
an air of dignity that 's perfect for the proud warrior that still lingers in the souls of these characters
an aging filmmaker still thumbing his nose at convention
two winning lead performances and charm to spare
an alluring backdrop
an alluring backdrop for this sensuous and spirited tale of a prim widow who finds an unlikely release in belly-dancing clubs
for a new generation
for a mildly entertaining 77 minutes , if that 's what you 're in the mood for
can testify to the comparative accuracy of Ms. Vardalos ' memories and insights
capable of charming the masses with star power , a pop-induced score and sentimental moments that have become a Spielberg trademark
captivating .
takes a surprising , subtle turn at the midway point .
takes a surprising , subtle turn at the midway point
of serious subject matter and dark , funny humor
of solid female talent who build a seamless ensemble
the sex , a wonderful tale of love and destiny
take an 85-minute brush-up course with the documentary Derrida .
so convincingly
so cool
shimmering cinematography
so crisp and
Hashiguchi covers this territory with wit and originality , suggesting that with his fourth feature -- the first to be released in the U . S . --
shimmering cinematography that lends the setting the ethereal beauty of an Asian landscape painting
shines on all the characters
shines on all the characters ,
shines on all the characters , as the direction is intelligently accomplished
shines on all the characters , as the direction is intelligently accomplished .
shining
shining with all the usual Spielberg flair
shining with all the usual Spielberg flair ,
an esteemed writer-actor
an established filmmaker
an example to up-and-coming documentarians
I liked the movie , but
I liked the movie ,
I liked the movie
I like all four of the lead actors a lot and they manage to squeeze a few laughs out of the material , but they 're treading water at best in this forgettable effort .
I like all four of the lead actors a lot and they manage to squeeze a few laughs out of the material , but
I like all four of the lead actors a lot and they manage to squeeze a few laughs out of the material ,
I like all four of the lead actors a lot and they manage to squeeze a few laughs out of the material
I like all four of the lead actors a lot and
small part thanks
the nerve-raked acting , the crackle of lines , the impressive stagings of hardware , make for some robust and scary entertainment
the next Animal House
the nifty
the movie 's charm
the most visually stunning and thematically moving epics in recent memory
the most transporting or gripping film from Iran -- or , indeed
the most visually stunning and thematically moving epics
the most transporting or gripping film from Iran -- or , indeed , by its director
the movie becomes a heady experience .
the movie 's soundtrack , a joyful effusion of disco Bollywood that , by the end of Monsoon Wedding , sent my spirit soaring out of the theater
relax and have a few laughs while the little ones get a fuzzy treat . '
knew about generating suspense
Amélie 's Audrey Tautou with another fabuleux destin
generally smart
generally sustains a higher plateau with Bullock 's memorable first interrogation of Gosling
generally smart casting
generally a huge fan
there 's enough here to make us look forward to the Russos ' next offering
ca n't help but think he 'd appreciate this attempt to turn his life into art
Knows how to make our imagination
Knows how to make our imagination wonder .
how exciting
Kirsten Dunst 's remarkable performance
, it irrigates our souls .
It 's a sharp movie about otherwise dull subjects .
does n't ignore the more problematic aspects of Brown 's life .
the surprisingly somber conclusion
does n't hurt anyone and works for its participants
does n't exactly reveal what makes Vincent tick , but perhaps any definitive explanation for it would have felt like a cheat
charming old reel-to-reel recordings of Meeropol
charm all but
charming yet
charming or
charisma and
challenges perceptions of guilt and innocence , of good guys and bad , and asks us whether a noble end can justify evil means
the momentary joys
was created for the non-fan to figure out what makes Wilco a big deal
those old '50 's giant creature features --
the more you 'll enjoy it .
was better than Saving Private Ryan . He may have meant the Internet short Saving Ryan 's Privates .
comedic writing
certainly delivers the goods .
'' admirably
A great idea
Tootsie
Tosca 's intoxicating ardor
'' Mr . Deeds '' is suitable summer entertainment that offers escapism without requiring a great deal of thought .
is in there somewhere
is interesting
Full of profound , real-life moments that anyone can relate to , it deserves a wide audience .
Fun
clinical and poetic
Full of profound , real-life moments that anyone can relate to
From the big giant titles of the opening credits to Elmer Bernstein 's perfectly melodic score , Haynes gets just about everything right .
Full Frontal is the antidote for Soderbergh fans who think he 's gone too commercial since his two Oscar nominated films in 2000
The warnings to resist temptation in this film
who enjoy thinking about compelling questions with no easy answers
in Manhattan , Jennifer Lopez 's most aggressive and most sincere attempt
in Ireland over a man
bliss-less work
for Damon\/Bourne or his predicament
emotionally grand
historically significant , and personal
historically significant , and
historically significant , and personal , episode
historically significant , and personal ,
A giggle a minute .
A giggle a minute
A genuine mind-bender .
A gripping drama .
A good thriller .
assured , wonderfully respectful of its past and thrilling enough to make it abundantly clear that this movie phenomenon has once again reinvented itself for a new generation
assuredness
astonishing
astonishing , considering her inexperience and her subject matter
assimilated as an all-American girl with a brand new name in southern Tennessee
astonishing delicacy and force
astounding
the Disney comedies
distinctive as his visuals
before booking passage
been worth cheering as a breakthrough
fest that 'll put hairs on your chest .
coming-of-age romance
commendable
very people
slice-of-depression life that touches nerves and rings true
the intensity with which he 's willing to express his convictions
the intoxicating masala
the intensity of the film
the intensity of the film high
the intensity
the ins and outs of modern moviemaking
the intelligent French drama
projector 's
diverting and modest
It 's sort of in-between
It 's sort of a 21st century morality play with a Latino hip hop beat .
to keep upping the ante on each other , just as their characters do in the film .
some flashy twists
in the utter cuteness of Stuart and Margolo . Their computer-animated faces are very expressive
in the true potential of the medium
in the series
to outshine the role
Enduring love
Mr. Taylor tries to shift the tone to a thriller 's rush
Mr. Tsai is a very original artist in his medium , and What Time Is It There ?
stylish and
the most sympathetic male
passion and talent
passion and attitude
pat storylines , precious circumstances
manages to take us to that elusive , lovely place where we suspend our disbelief
manages to sustain a good simmer for most of its running time
manipulating our collective fear
writer \/ director m . night shyamalan 's ability to pull together easily accessible stories that resonate with profundity is undeniable
a number of other assets to commend it to movie audiences both innocent and jaded
the earmarks
such affecting grace and cultural specificity
such affecting grace
such a terrible beauty
such a fine job of engulfing you in its world and allying you with its characters ' choices , good and ill , that its shortcomings are remembered only as an afterthought
such a fine job
successfully showcases the passions of both the director and novelist Byatt .
successfully crushes a best selling novel into a timeframe that mandates that you avoid the Godzilla sized soda
is there a deeper , more direct connection between these women , one that spans time and reveals meaning ? You bet there is and it 's what makes this rather convoluted journey worth taking .
is there to give them a good time
is there to give them a good time .
is tight and truthful , full of funny situations and honest observations
is to always make it look easy , even though the reality is anything but
is to catch the pitch of his poetics , savor the pleasure of his sounds and images , and ponder the historical , philosophical , and ethical issues that intersect with them
is to catch the pitch of his poetics , savor the pleasure of his sounds and images , and ponder the historical , philosophical , and ethical issues that intersect with them .
palma . if you love him , you 'll like it
of its characters , its protagonist , or of us
of its groundbreaking small-screen progenitor
, vibrant
, tossing around obscure expressions like Bellini and Mullinski , that the compact 86 minutes breezes by
, though that did n't stop me from enjoying much of it
Skins is heartfelt and achingly real .
, which still makes it much better than your typical Bond knock-offs
A touch of humor or an unexpected plot twist
A thought-provoking picture .
A true-blue delight .
A true pleasure .
only belly laughs
nominated films
noble characters
in your heart
in world cinema
in-depth portrait
uplift
, you 're too interested to care
, you 'll have a good time with this one too
, you 'll see Del Toro has brought unexpected gravity to Blade II .
, you 'll still be glued to the screen .
, you 'll enjoy this movie .
, you 'll find yourself remembering this refreshing visit to a Sunshine State .
pretty tasty
most of the people who loved the 1989 Paradiso will prefer this new version
most oddly honest
can not be faulted .
as good
I am not generally a huge fan of cartoons derived from TV shows , but Hey Arnold !
I also wanted a little alien as a friend !
seem as cleverly plotted as The Usual Suspects
with its subject matter in a tasteful , intelligent manner
with its shape-shifting perils , political intrigue and brushes
with its love of life and beauty
with inventive cinematic tricks and an ironically killer soundtrack
as great
A time machine , a journey back to your childhood ,
technical virtuosity
technical triumph
a renowned
a remarkable
a remarkable film that explores the monster 's psychology not in order to excuse him but rather to demonstrate that his pathology evolved from human impulses that grew hideously twisted
a remarkable film
a real winner
a lot of charm
reach satisfying conclusions
Yiddish stage
With a tighter editorial process and firmer direction this material could work , especially since the actresses in the lead roles are all more than competent
political courage
wonderfully lush
wonderfully funny moments
wonderfully funny
wonderful performances that tug at your heart in ways that utterly transcend gender
wonderful performances
wonderful film to bring to IMAX
wonderful creatures
precious at the start
Birthday Girl '' is an actor 's movie first and foremost .
Birthday Girl is an amusing joy ride , with some surprisingly violent moments .
Birthday Girl lucks out with Chaplin and Kidman , who are capable of anteing up some movie star charisma when they need it to sell us on this twisted love story , but who can also negotiate the movie 's darker turns .
genuinely sweet
genuinely witty
genuinely enthusiastic
genuinely enthusiastic performances
genuinely bone-chilling
genuinely bone-chilling tale
genuine quirkiness
genuine rather than pandering
a tale full of nuance and character dimension
dumplings
could be mistaken for giving a public oration , rather than contributing to a film 's narrative
singles out any of these performances as award-worthy
charting the rise of hip-hop culture in general and the art of scratching ( or turntablism ) in particular
about all kinds of love
about a father and son connection that is a brief shooting star of love
about a Pentecostal church in Dallas that assembles an elaborate haunted house each year to scare
about September 11th
about Hollywood
a cutesy romantic
filmed more irresistibly than in ` Baran
filmed Tosca that you want .
spontaneous creativity and authentic co-operative interaction
a crescendo
well-formed
well-formed satire
well-paced and ultimately
well-put-together
it is clever
it is clever ,
it is clever , but
it is also weirdly fascinating
with aplomb
a rousing success
quite makes it to the boiling point , but manages to sustain a good simmer for most of its running time .
quite makes it to the boiling point , but manages to sustain a good simmer for most of its running time
quite possibly the sturdiest example yet
`` Home Movie '' is a sweet treasure and something well worth your time .
move so easily across racial and cultural lines in the film
charming in comedies like American Pie
charming and funny story
Cut through the layers of soap-opera emotion and you find a scathing portrayal of a powerful entity strangling the life out of the people who want to believe in it the most
Cut through the layers of soap-opera emotion and you find a scathing portrayal of a powerful entity strangling the life out of the people who want to believe in it the most .
charming , quirky , original
charming , funny and beautifully
charming , banter-filled comedy
charming and evoking little ditty
charming and evoking
charming 2000 debut Shanghai Noon
charming , sometimes infuriating
lively script
, indeed almost never , is such high-wattage brainpower coupled with pitch-perfect acting and an exquisite , unfakable sense of cinema .
, inescapably gorgeous ,
, insightfully human
, inspiring
, intelligence and verve
, interestingly told film .
, intermittently powerful study
, intimate and intelligent
, intricate magic
s face is chillingly unemotive ,
The most wondrous love story in years
The most wondrous love story in years , it is a great film .
The most compelling performance of the year
The most compelling performance of the year adds substantial depth to this shocking testament to anti-Semitism and neo-fascism .
The most wondrous love story
The most brilliant and brutal UK crime film since Jack Carter went back to Newcastle , the first half of Gangster No . 1 drips with style and , at times , blood .
The most brilliant work in this genre since the 1984 uncut version of Sergio Leone 's flawed but staggering Once Upon a Time in America .
around a gripping story
argue that it ranks with the best of Herzog 's works
are worthwhile .
sharp focus
Reno himself can take credit for most of the movie 's success . He 's one of the few ` cool ' actors who never seems aware of his own coolness .
Reno himself can take credit for most of the movie 's success
Represents a worthy departure from the culture clash comedies that have marked an emerging Indian American cinema .
Represents a worthy departure from the culture clash comedies that have marked an emerging Indian American cinema
hooked on the delicious pulpiness of its lurid fiction
hooked on the delicious pulpiness of its lurid fiction .
hooked
honest insight
honest performances and exceptional detail
youthful and good-looking diva
youthful and good-looking
with better characters , some genuine quirkiness and at least a measure of style . The difference is that I truly enjoyed most of Mostly Martha while I ne
a magnificent drama
A highly intriguing thriller
a lot of warmth
a lot smarter and more unnerving than the sequels
a lot of life
A jaw-droppingly beautiful work that upends nearly every cliché
A jaw-droppingly beautiful work that upends nearly every cliché of Japanese animation
a magnificent drama well worth tracking down
a magnificent drama well worth tracking down .
virtuoso
visceral and
virtuous
virtuoso throat-singing
a future-world holographic librarian ( Orlando Jones ) who knows everything and answers all questions , is visually smart , cleverly written , and nicely realized
a funny yet dark and seedy clash of cultures and generations
a funny yet dark and seedy clash of cultures and generations .
a game performance
The animated sequences are well done and perfectly constructed to convey a sense of childhood imagination
The animated sequences are well done and perfectly constructed to convey a sense of childhood imagination and
The animated sequences are well done and perfectly constructed to convey a sense of childhood imagination and creating adventure out of angst
The animated sequences are well done and perfectly constructed to convey a sense of childhood imagination and creating adventure out of angst .
it hits its mark
it forces you to ponder anew what a movie can be
it interesting as a character study is the fact that the story is told from Paul 's perspective
it intriguing , bizarre
it holds you with its outrageousness
as a conventional thriller evolves into a gorgeously atmospheric meditation on life-changing chance encounters
sad without being shrill , '' A Walk to Remember '' succeeds through sincerity .
Not only does Spider-Man deliver , but I suspect it might deliver again and again .
Not only better than its predecessor , it may rate as the most magical and most fun family fare of this or any recent holiday season .
Not only better than its predecessor
well-structured
Not quite as miraculous as its DreamWorks makers would have you believe , but it more than adequately fills the eyes and stirs the emotions .
Not quite as miraculous as its DreamWorks makers would have you believe , but it more than adequately fills the eyes and stirs the emotions
a deserved co-winner of the Audience Award for documentaries at the Sundance Film Festival
( headbanger )
( improvised over many months ) and for conveying the way tiny acts of kindness make ordinary life survivable
Not really as bad as you might think ! ''
daft by half ... but supremely good natured .
Essentially a collection of bits -- and they 're all naughty .
you still have to see this !
you swinging from the trees hooting it 's praises , but it 's definitely worth taking a look
into an engrossing thriller almost in spite of itself
grasped its essence
providing a precious twinkle of insight into their lives
provides the grand , intelligent entertainment of a superior cast playing smart people amid a compelling plot .
providing good , lively company
provocative movie
provocative and entertaining
provoke adventurous adults in specialty venues
psychological thriller
psychological masterpiece
its most delightful moments
its most delightful moments come when various characters express their quirky inner selves
its namesake proud
its moviegoing pleasures
grandeur and
into a roll that could have otherwise been bland and run of the mill
madness -- and strength
made you love it
the striking , quietly vulnerable personality of Ms . Ambrose
to take this film at face value and enjoy its slightly humorous and tender story
is at its most valuable
is as visceral as a gut punch
is astounding on any number of levels
is as often imaginative as it is gory
is as uncompromising as it is nonjudgmental , and makes clear that a prostitute can be as lonely and needy as any of the clients
liberating ability
lies in its complexity
lies in the utter cuteness of Stuart and Margolo .
lies in the utter cuteness of Stuart and Margolo
life and small delights
some very good acting
some very good acting ,
some terrific setpieces
some very good comedic songs
some very good comedic songs ,
some very good acting , dialogue
some very good acting , dialogue ,
some very good comedic songs , strong finish
some visual virtues
beautifully
beauty
Gangs excels in spectacle and pacing .
a fabric of complex ideas
what it would be like to be smack in the middle of a war zone armed with nothing but a camera
some appealing ingredients
solid woman - finding-herself story
solid tale
solid film
solid fight choreography and gritty prison authenticity
what it means sometimes to be inside looking out , and at other times outside looking in
float like butterflies and the spinning styx sting like bees .
to pick apart its faults even as you have to admit that somehow it hit you where you live
has all the enjoyable randomness of a very lively dream and so manages to be compelling , amusing and unsettling at the same time .
needed .
needed
need to stay in touch with your own skin , at 18 or 80
need to see it
they show a remarkable ability to document both sides of this emotional car-wreck .
place in Pasadena , ''
until you feel fully embraced by this gentle comedy
personalities , inventive photography and cutting , and
picking apart
picture that extols the virtues of comradeship and community in a spunky , spirited fashion
The town has kind of an authentic feel , but
Cho 's face is ) an amazing slapstick instrument , creating a scrapbook of living mug shots .
Cho continues her exploration of the outer limits of raunch with considerable brio .
Sweetest Thing
Sweetly
Sweetly sexy , funny and touching .
Sweet Home Alabama is n't going to win any Academy Awards , but this date-night diversion will definitely win some hearts
Sweet Home Alabama is n't going to win any Academy Awards , but this date-night diversion will definitely win some hearts .
Swimming is above all about a young woman 's face , and by casting an actress whose face projects that woman 's doubts and yearnings
Swimming is above all about a young woman 's face , and by casting an actress whose face projects that woman 's doubts and yearnings , it succeeds .
for following up a delightful , well-crafted family film with a computer-generated cold fish
while the new film is much more eye-catching than its blood-drenched stephen norrington-directed predecessor , the new script by the returning david s . goyer
for everyone
` hypertime '
` innovative ' and ` realistic '
` masterpiece ' and ` triumph '
` just letting the mountain tell you what to do
` masterpiece ' and ` triumph ' and
blisteringly funny
wickedly funny and
persistence that is sure to win viewers ' hearts
fast-moving and
fascinating and
valid points
Skillful as he is
of inspiration
In his U.S. debut , Mr. Schnitzler proves himself a deft pace master and stylist .
choirs at the same time , which is a pretty amazing accomplishment .
single-handedly turned a plane full of hard-bitten , cynical journalists into what was essentially , by campaign 's end , an extended publicity department
some pretty cool characters
a sweet and modest
a sweet and modest and
a sweet , laugh-a-minute crowd pleaser that lifts your spirits as well as
a sweet , laugh-a-minute crowd pleaser that lifts your spirits as well as the corners of your mouth
a sweet , laugh-a-minute crowd pleaser
a sweet , laugh-a-minute crowd pleaser that lifts your spirits
a surprisingly cinematic experience
a suitable entry into the fest circuit
quietly hopeful
the characters have a freshness and modesty that transcends their predicament .
the characters inhabit into a poem of art , music and metaphor
the chilled breath of oral storytelling frozen onto film
, On Guard delivers .
, Notorious C.H.O. hits all the verbal marks it should .
, Red Dragon satisfies -- from its ripe recipe , inspiring ingredients , certified cuisine and palatable presentation .
, Rampling gives a performance that could not be improved upon . '
, Queen is campy fun like the Vincent Price horror classics of the '60s .
Super Troopers is above Academy standards
taken as a stylish and energetic one-shot , The Queen of the Damned can not be said to suck .
taken as a stylish and energetic one-shot , The Queen of the Damned can not be said to suck
Director Kapur is a filmmaker with a real flair for epic landscapes and adventure ,
taken as a stylish and energetic one-shot
splendid-looking
spits out Denzel Washington 's fine performance in the title role
a lighthearted comedy
his characters in a way that intrigues and even fascinates us
his cadness to perfection
his cast with appealing fresh faces
childhood imagination
with a solid cast ,
as on the engaging
as one of ( Witherspoon 's ) better films
more strongly
more strongly to storytelling
more self-absorbed women than the mother and daughters featured in this film ? I do n't think so . Nothing wrong with performances here
of Divine Secrets of the Ya-Ya Sisterhood
surprise us
surprise you
surprise us with plot twists
, comforting jar
, compelling
, comedy and romance
, confident
Leigh is n't breaking new ground , but he knows how a daily grind can kill love .
Leigh is n't breaking new ground , but he knows how a daily grind can kill love
a masterpiece -- and
a masterpiece --
a masterpiece -- and a challenging one
a matter of finding entertainment in the experiences of Zishe and the fiery presence of Hanussen
a meaty subject
slapstick humor for the kids
slapstick humor for the kids , lots of in-jokes for the adults and heart enough for everyone
brushed with sentimentality but brimming with gentle humor
directed by episodic TV veteran Joe Zwick
( and lovely
( and lovely )
beautifully realized
beautifully shaped
beautifully made
beautifully photographed
beautiful paean
beautifully acted and directed , it 's clear that Washington most certainly has a new career ahead of him if he so chooses .
beatings
A big-budget\/all-star movie
A beautiful paean to a time
A beautiful paean to a time long past .
A beautiful paean to a time long past
a dream image of the West to savor whenever the film 's lamer instincts are in the saddle
a drawling , slobbering , lovable run-on sentence of a film , a Southern Gothic with the emotional arc of its raw blues soundtrack
surprising highs , sorrowful lows and hidden impulsive niches ...
quality band
an interesting and at times captivating take on loss and loneliness .
an interesting and at times captivating
an intense and engrossing head-trip
an intense indoor drama
an intelligent screenplay
an intelligent flick that examines many different ideas from happiness to guilt in an intriguing bit of storytelling
an intelligent screenplay and gripping performances
an intelligent screenplay and
, be remembered as one of the most important stories to be told in Australia 's film history
, because it thinks the gamble is worth the promise
Some of the most inventive silliness you are likely to witness in a movie theatre for some time .
Some of the most inventive
comes to life in the performances .
Some of the most ravaging , gut-wrenching , frightening war scenes since `` Saving Private Ryan '' have been recreated by John Woo in this little-known story of Native Americans and their role in the second great war .
Some of the most ravaging , gut-wrenching , frightening war scenes since `` Saving Private Ryan ''
with a treasure chest of material
to a kinetic life so teeming that even cranky adults may rediscover the quivering kid inside
who welcomes a dash of the avant-garde fused with their humor
whole family
whole mildly pleasant outing
, I can not mount a cogent defense of the film as entertainment , or even performance art , although the movie does leave you marveling at these guys ' superhuman capacity to withstand pain .
, then you will probably have a reasonably good time with The Salton Sea .
, then this should keep you reasonably entertained .
, then Blood Work is for you .
we would expect nothing less from this bunch
we grow attached to their lives , full of strength , warmth and vitality .
Murderous Maids pulls no punches in its depiction of the lives of the Papin sister and the events that led to their notorious rise to infamy ...
for the performances alone
for the patronized Iranian lad
cultural elite
cultural identity
unexpectedly giddy viewing
unexpectedly rewarding
lampoons the moviemaking process itself , while shining a not particularly flattering spotlight on America 's skin-deep notions of pulchritude
landscape to create a feature film that is wickedly fun to watch
its invitingly upbeat overture to
its invitingly upbeat overture
language and locations
you sometimes like to go to the movies to have fun
brisk , amusing
loved the people onscreen ,
you can get past the fantastical aspects and harsh realities of '' The Isle '' you 'll get a sock-you-in-the-eye flick that is a visual tour-de-force and a story that is unlike any
you ca n't wait to see what happens next .
Murderous Maids has a lot going for it , not least the brilliant performances by Testud ... and Parmentier .
love the opening scenes of a wintry New York City in 1899 .
love the robust middle of this picture
love the opening scenes of a wintry New York City in 1899
the goal
While the story 's undeniably hard to follow , Iwai 's gorgeous visuals seduce .
While there are times when the film 's reach exceeds its grasp , the production works more often than it does n't .
While this gentle and affecting melodrama will have luvvies in raptures
While the path may be familiar , first-time director Denzel Washington and a top-notch cast manage to keep things interesting .
While the plot follows a predictable connect-the-dots course ... director John Schultz colors the picture in some evocative shades .
the gorgeous , ramshackle landscape of the filmmaker 's motherland
you 'll enjoy it .
to make Enough into ` an inspiring tale of survival wrapped in the heart-pounding suspense of a stylish psychological thriller '
a brilliant movie
a bright , light modern day family parable that wears its heart on its sleeve
a bit exploitative but also nicely done , morally alert and
a bit exploitative but also nicely done , morally alert
a bright , light modern day family parable
a bit exploitative but also nicely done , morally alert and street-smart
a bit exploitative but also nicely done ,
a bit exploitative but also nicely done
both look and sound great
best straight-up
borrows a bit from the classics `` Wait Until Dark '' and `` Extremities '' ... But in terms of its style , the movie is in a class by itself
borrows a bit from the classics `` Wait Until Dark '' and `` Extremities '' ... But in terms of its style , the movie is in a class by itself .
both excellent
both hokey and super-cool , and definitely not in a hurry , so sit back , relax and have a few laughs while the little ones get a fuzzy treat . '
hoping it will be , and in that sense is a movie that deserves recommendation
pointed personalities , courage ,
pointed personalities , courage , tragedy
poetry , passion , and genius
poised for titillation , raw insight or both
pointed personalities , courage , tragedy and the little guys
when it 's approached with imagination and flair
's an entertaining and informative documentary .
's always fun to watch
's an offbeat treat that pokes fun at the democratic exercise while also examining its significance for those who take part .
in 1958 Brooklyn
's as hard to classify as it is hard to resist
's as morning-glory exuberant
Parker holds true to Wilde 's own vision of a pure comedy with absolutely no meaning , and no desire to be anything but a polished , sophisticated entertainment that is in love with its own cleverness .
One of the greatest romantic comedies of the past decade .
the fantastical aspects and
the fantastical aspects
the fantastical
the fantastic kathy bates turns up
the final day of the season
where few American films dare to delve -- into the world of ambivalence and ambiguity
the final product is a ghost
most of the work
than ` Magnifique '
The Last Kiss will probably never achieve the popularity of My Big Fat Greek Wedding , but its provocative central wedding sequence has far more impact .
The Last Metro )
fun and funny in the middle , though somewhat less
fun and funny in the middle , though somewhat less hard-hitting
fun family fare
fun for all
fun and
fun and funny in the middle
fun and funny in the middle ,
fun and funny in the middle , though
fun for kids of any age
reveals unexpected depths
restraint as well as
respect than enthuse
resonate far
the working class to life
the work of a genuine and singular artist
praises
is wickedly fun
is wickedly fun to watch
is without a doubt a memorable directorial debut from king hunk
is worthwhile for reminding us that this sort of thing does , in fact , still happen in america
felt like an answer to Irvine Welsh 's book Trainspotting
felt fantasy of a director 's travel
slapstick well
and enough beauty to make it unforgettable
a mix of smiles and tears
and excitement
on expressing itself in every way imaginable
on its own ,
uses stereotypes in a delightful blend of sweet romance and lovingly dished out humor
uses humor and a heartfelt conviction to tell a story about discovering your destination in life
will reach far beyond its core demographic
will probably stay amused at the kaleidoscope of big , colorful characters
absorbing movie that 's as hard to classify as it is hard to resist
absorbing as well as
An intermittently pleasing but mostly routine effort
that makes it attractive throughout
how to do
how to please a crowd
how to please a crowd ,
how to please a crowd , and
strong effort
a nicely detailed world of pawns , bishops and kings , of wagers in dingy backrooms or pristine forests
a perfectly realized observation
a perfectly realized observation of mood , behavior and intent
the edge of your seat
grandeur ' shots
laugh along
of Reggio 's images and Glass ' evocative music ...
of San Francisco 's most vital , if least widely recognized , creative fountainheads
elegant technology for the masses --
del director
elegantly appointed period drama
elegantly appointed
elegiac portrait
her breakthrough role
helps that the central performers are experienced actors , and that they know their roles so well .
helps that the central performers are experienced actors , and that they know their roles so well
An instant candidate
to cast actors who are , generally speaking , adored by the movie-going public
in control of both his medium and his message
in delicious colors
in as much humor as pathos
to capture the dizzying heights achieved by motocross and BMX riders , whose balletic hotdogging occasionally ends in bone-crushing screwups
in fact , the best in recent memory
to capture a cruelly hilarious vein of black comedy in the situation with his cast of non-actors and a gritty , no-budget approach
's a smartly directed , grown-up film of ideas
's a smart , solid , kinetically-charged spy flick worthy of a couple hours of summertime and a bucket of popcorn . Nothing overly original , mind you , but solidly entertaining .
's a solid movie about people whose lives are anything but
's a smartly directed , grown-up film of ideas .
Reinforces the talents of screenwriter Charlie Kaufman , creator of Adaptation and Being John Malkovich .
's a square , sentimental drama that satisfies , as comfort food often can
's a spontaneity to The Chateau , a sense of light-heartedness , that makes it attractive throughout .
Reign of Fire may be little more than another platter of reheated Aliens , but it 's still pretty tasty .
Reinforces the often forgotten fact of the world 's remarkably varying human population and mindset , and its capacity to heal using creative , natural and ancient antidotes .
Reinforces the often forgotten fact of the world 's remarkably varying human population and mindset , and its capacity to heal using creative , natural and ancient antidotes
Reign
Reign of Fire looks as if it was made without much thought -- and is best watched that way .
The young stars are too cute ;
cutesy romance , dark satire and
so lovely toward the end
so likable
so it 's not a brilliant piece of filmmaking , but it is a funny ( sometimes hilarious ) comedy with a deft sense of humor about itself , a playful spirit and a game cast
so it 's not a brilliant piece of filmmaking , but it is a funny ( sometimes hilarious ) comedy with a deft sense of humor about itself , a playful spirit and a game cast .
experienced
Maggie G. makes an amazing breakthrough in her first starring role and eats up the screen .
Mafia , rap stars and hood rats butt their ugly heads in a regurgitation of cinematic violence that gives brutal birth to an unlikely , but likable , hero . '
Hitchcock 's
His work transcends the boy-meets-girl posturing of typical love stories .
Hitchcockian suspense
Each of these stories has the potential for Touched by an Angel simplicity and sappiness , but Thirteen Conversations About One Thing , for all its generosity and optimism , never resorts to easy feel-good sentiments .
Each of these stories has the potential for Touched by an Angel simplicity and sappiness ,
as you might to resist , if you 've got a place in your heart for Smokey Robinson
a truly singular character
a truly singular character , one whose frailties are only slightly magnified versions of the ones that vex nearly everyone
as you peek at it through the fingers in front of your eyes
Maggie Smith as the Ya-Ya member with the O2-tank will absolutely crack you up with her crass , then gasp for gas , verbal deportment .
famed
famed charisma
effective and claustrophobic thriller
the beloved film
deserved all the hearts it won -- and wins still
deserved all the hearts it won -- and wins still ,
deserved co-winner
deserves a chance to shine
deserves an Oscar nomination
may even find that it goes by quickly , because it has some of the funniest jokes of any movie this year , including those intended for adults .
weird , wonderful
fine-looking film
cutting Hollywood satire
is well-crafted
Boys '
A comic gem with some serious sparkles
A clever blend of fact and fiction
makes a feature debut that is fully formed and remarkably assured .
the film , which very simply sets out to entertain and ends up delivering in good measure
makes a feature debut that is fully formed and remarkably assured
is well crafted
not from any cinematic razzle-dazzle but from its recovery of an historical episode that , in the simple telling , proves simultaneously harrowing and uplifting
is well done
The film fits into a genre that has been overexposed , redolent of a thousand cliches , and yet remains uniquely itself , vibrant with originality .
The film feels uncomfortably real , its language and locations bearing the unmistakable stamp of authority .
not without cheesy fun factor .
, we long for a greater sense of urgency in the here and now of The Two Towers .
the slapstick antics and
, ` Lovely ! Brilliant ! '
during World War II
climate
climactic burst
clients
climactic
you feel like you owe her big-time
cling to the edge of your seat
uniformly well
unifying
uniformly well acted
well-made and satisfying thriller
well-made entertainment
well worth watching
well wrought
well-acted and
well-acted and well-intentioned
well-characterized
well-crafted psychological study
well-made and satisfying
intriguing movie experiences
you can find humor
intriguing what-if premise
gushing -- Imamura squirts the screen in ` Warm Water Under a Red Bridge '
guilty fun to be had here
gushing --
gushing
that makes The Banger Sisters a fascinating character study with laughs to spare
, but it 's also one of the smarter , savvier spoofs to come along in some time
innovative ,
If you are into splatter movies , then you will probably have a reasonably good time with The Salton Sea .
profound without ever being self-important
great marching bands
great help from Kevin Kline
unaffected style
, but it 's great cinematic polemic
is his best film yet
is his best film
is hilarious
is highly pleasurable
is heartfelt and hilarious in ways you ca n't fake .
is heartfelt and hilarious in ways you ca n't fake
is hilarious as she tries to resuscitate the fun-loving libertine lost somewhere inside the conservative , handbag-clutching Sarandon .
is hilarious as she tries to resuscitate the fun-loving libertine lost somewhere inside the conservative , handbag-clutching Sarandon
significant moviegoing pleasures
It 's one of the saddest films I have ever seen that still manages to be uplifting but not overly sentimental .
It 's rare to find a film that dazzles the eye , challenges the brain
It 's amazingly perceptive in its subtle , supportive but unsentimental look at the Marks family .
It 's not so much enjoyable to watch as it is enlightening to listen to new sides of a previous reality , and to visit with some of the people who were able to make an impact in the theater world .
It 's a terrific American sports movie and Dennis Quaid is its athletic heart .
It 's almost impossible not to be moved by the movie 's depiction of sacrifice and its stirring epilogue in post-Soviet Russia .
It 's a sly wink to The Others without becoming a postmodern joke
It 's a terrific American sports movie
It 's rare to find a film that dazzles the eye , challenges the brain , AND satisfies our lust for fast-paced action , but Minority Report delivers all that and a whole lot more .
It 's solid and affecting and exactly as thought-provoking as it should be .
cleansing
no doubt delight Plympton 's legion of fans
is achingly honest and delightfully cheeky .
is about something very interesting and odd that
is achingly honest and delightfully cheeky
of quiet , confident craftsmanship that tells a sweet , charming tale of intergalactic friendship
side-splittingly
clever and unflinching in its comic barbs , slap her
clever and unflinching in its comic barbs , slap her is a small but rewarding comedy that takes aim at contemporary southern adolescence and never lets up
the film an intimate and quaint reality that is a little closer to human nature than what Hollywood typically concocts
the film a fuller experience , like an old friend haunted by the exigencies of time
the film a fuller experience
is a film that manages to find greatness in the hue of its drastic iconography .
is a film that takes a stand in favor of tradition and warmth
is a fierce dance of destruction . Its flame-like , roiling black-and-white inspires trembling and gratitude .
is a film that manages to find greatness in the hue of its drastic iconography
is a finely written , superbly acted offbeat thriller
is a finely written , superbly acted offbeat thriller .
is a film that takes a stand in favor of tradition and warmth .
is a fine-looking film with a bouncy score and a clutch of lively songs for deft punctuation .
the film conjures the magic of author J . K . Rowling 's books
simple and heart-warming story
stunning visuals
to rush right out and see it
to savour Binoche 's skill
the funniest thing
the funniest thing in the world
the funniest person
silly , perverse , hopeful and always fun
courtesy of John Pogue , the Yale grad who previously gave us '' The Skulls '' and last year 's '' Rollerball
courage and
courage and dedication
courage and happiness
By candidly detailing the politics involved in the creation of an extraordinary piece of music , ( Jones ) calls our attention to the inherent conflict between commerce and creativity .
By candidly detailing the politics involved in the creation of an extraordinary piece of music
But darned if it does n't also keep us riveted to our seats .
intelligence
integrity
By no means a great movie , but it is a refreshingly forthright one .
symbolic characters
swooning melodrama
from stark desert
from several funny moments
from showing us in explicit detail how difficult it is to win over the two-drink-minimum crowd
the off-the-wall dialogue , visual playfulness and
pick up new admirers
impressive performances
impressive images
's happiest surprise , a movie that deals with a real subject in an always surprising way .
Benefits from a strong performance from Zhao
physically caught up in the process
can both maintain and dismantle the facades that his genre and his character construct is a wonderous accomplishment of veracity and narrative grace
can both maintain and dismantle the facades that his genre and his character construct is a wonderous accomplishment of veracity and narrative grace .
derivative
Schrader examines Crane 's decline with unblinking candor .
has something a little more special behind it : music that did n't sell many records but helped change a nation
has some of the best special effects ever
has skin looked as beautiful , desirable , even delectable , as it does in Trouble Every Day
has some of the best special effects
has really found his groove these days .
has really found his groove these days
A deft , delightful mix of sulky teen drama and overcoming-obstacles sports-movie triumph
A decent-enough nail-biter
A dazzling thing to behold -- as long as you 're wearing the somewhat cumbersome 3D goggles the theater provides .
A dazzling thing to behold -- as long as you 're wearing the somewhat cumbersome 3D goggles the theater
A dazzling dream of a documentary .
A deft
A deeply felt and vividly detailed story about newcomers in a strange new world .
A decent-enough nail-biter that stands a good chance of being the big hit Franklin needs to stay afloat in Hollywood .
A decent-enough nail-biter that stands a good chance of being the big
an American movie might demand
an American movie
amped-up Tony Hawk-style stunts
amusing lark
of the greatest family-oriented , fantasy-adventure movies
of the most famous author who ever lived
of the greatest family-oriented , fantasy-adventure movies ever .
of the fresh air of true sophistication
is a man with enough charisma and audacity to carry a dozen films
have tremendous chemistry
more of the ` laughing at ' variety than the ` laughing with
more intelligent
more gory than psychological -- with a highly satisfying quotient of Friday-night excitement and Milla
a much funnier film
aristocratic , luminous yet careworn in Jane Hamilton 's exemplary costumes
arguments one way
are when he 's getting busy on the basketball court because that 's when he really scores .
are very expressive
are utterly convincing
have you at the edge of your seat for long stretches
dramatically forceful , and beautifully shot
dramatize life 's messiness from inside out , in all its strange quirks
The new faces are interesting ,
The new faces are interesting
colorful , action-filled crime story
college
collective memory
collective
Implicitly acknowledges and celebrates the glorious chicanery and self-delusion of this most American of businesses
Ignorant Fairies is still quite good-natured and not a bad way to spend an hour or two .
Imamura has said that Warm Water Under a Red Bridge is a poem to the enduring strengths of women .
Imamura has said that Warm Water Under a Red Bridge is a poem to the enduring strengths of women . It may also be the best sex comedy about environmental pollution ever made .
Implicitly
A competent , unpretentious entertainment destined to fill the after-school slot at shopping mall theaters across the country .
a narrative film
a nail-biting thriller
a much more emotional journey than what Shyamalan has given us in his past two movies
a much more emotional journey
a movie worthy of his talents
fascinating little thriller
a movie with no soft edges
fascinating issues
fascinating little tale
fascinating but flawed look
fascinating glimpse
a narrative film about September 11th
, Safe Conduct is anything but languorous . It 's packed to bursting with incident , and with scores of characters , some fictional , some from history .
A compelling story of musical passion
, Robert Rodriguez adorns his family-film plot with an elegance and maturity that even most contemporary adult movies are lacking .
, Revolution # 9 proves to be a compelling
, Rabbit-Proof Fence is a quest story as grand as The Lord of the Rings
, Quitting hits home with disorienting force .
, Ryan Gosling ( Murder By Numbers ) delivers a magnetic performance .
, RunTelDat is something of a triumph .
, Rocky-like
's consistently funny , in an irresistible junior-high way , and consistently free of any gag that would force you to give it a millisecond of thought .
's certainly an invaluable record of that special fishy community
's certainly an invaluable record of that special fishy community .
's bright
's consistently funny , in an irresistible junior-high way , and consistently free
the director uses the last act to reel in the audience since its poignancy hooks us completely .
your interest , your imagination , your empathy
Going to this movie is a little like chewing whale blubber - it 's an acquired taste that takes time to enjoy , but it 's worth it , even if it does take 3 hours to get through
Gondry 's direction is adequate
Gondry 's direction is adequate ... but what gives Human Nature its unique feel is Kaufman 's script
Gondry 's direction is adequate ... but what gives Human Nature its unique feel is Kaufman 's script .
A compelling story of musical passion against governmental odds .
bring a sense of closure to an ugly chapter of the twentieth century
bring anything new
comic touch
comic sparks
More sophisticated and literate than such pictures usually are ... an amusing little catch
More sophisticated and literate than such pictures usually are ...
More sophisticated and literate than such pictures usually are
More sophisticated and literate than such pictures
Moretti ... is the rare common-man artist who 's wise enough to recognize that there are few things in this world more complex -- and , as it turns out , more fragile -- than happiness .
More sophisticated and literate than such pictures usually are ... an amusing little catch .
in a natural , unforced style that makes its characters
in a way that does n't make you feel like a sucker
Assayas ' ambitious , sometimes beautiful adaptation
Assayas ' ambitious , sometimes beautiful adaptation of Jacques Chardonne
Assayas ' ambitious , sometimes beautiful adaptation of Jacques Chardonne 's novel .
Assured , vital
Assured , vital and
Assured , vital and well wrought
Assured , vital and well wrought , the film is , arguably , the most accomplished work to date from Hong Kong 's versatile Stanley Kwan .
Susan Sarandon , Dustin Hoffman and Holly Hunter , yet newcomer Ellen Pompeo pulls off the feat with aplomb
traditional layers of awakening and ripening and
traditional romantic
traditional layers of awakening and ripening and separation and recovery
Favor
For a good chunk of its running time , Trapped is an effective and claustrophobic thriller .
to affirm love 's power to help people endure almost unimaginable horror
is a gripping , tidy little movie that takes Mr. Hill higher than he 's been in a while
is a great story , terrifically told by the man who wrote it but this Cliff Notes edition is a cheat
is a harmlessly naïve slice of b-ball fantasy , fit for filling in during the real NBA 's off-season
is a harmlessly naïve slice of b-ball fantasy , fit for filling in during the real NBA 's off-season .
is a gripping , tidy little movie that takes Mr. Hill higher than he 's been in a while .
Nice piece
the cast delivers mildly amusing performances
Wendigo is ) why we go to the cinema : to be fed through the eye , the heart , the mind .
R-rated )
Schweiger is ) talented and terribly charismatic , qualities essential to both movie stars and social anarchists .
If there 's a way to effectively teach kids about the dangers of drugs , I think it 's in projects like the ( unfortunately R-rated ) Paid .
Its mysteries are transparently obvious , and it 's too slowly paced to be a thriller . ( But it 's ) worth recommending because of two marvelous performances by Michael Caine and Brendan Fraser .
Gloriously goofy ( and gory ) midnight movie stuff .
the trio 's absorbing narrative is a heart-wrenching showcase indeed .
the trio 's absorbing narrative is a heart-wrenching showcase indeed
the trio 's absorbing narrative
the tragedies of its setting with a good deal of warmth and humor
cute and sometimes side-splittingly
cute and sometimes side-splittingly funny blend
cuteness
cuts deeper than expected
help increase an average student 's self-esteem
will encourage others to stand up and applaud
will emerge with a clearer view of how the gears of justice grind on and the death report comes to share airtime alongside the farm report .
will emerge with a clearer view of how the gears of justice grind on and the death report comes to share airtime alongside the farm report
laughs aplenty
laughs that may make you hate yourself for giving in . Ah , what the hell
laughing in the crowd
laughs that may make you hate yourself for giving in . Ah , what the hell .
launch
Translating complex characters from novels to the big screen
earnest and well-meaning
Trademark American triteness and simplicity are tossed out the window with the intelligent French drama that deftly explores the difficult relationship between a father and son .
finesse
firmly above the level of other coming-of-age films
first , quiet cadences
first , quiet cadences of pure finesse
flattering
flaunting her natural gifts
earnest and well-meaning ,
transported into the life of wladyslaw szpilman , who is not only a pianist , but a good human being
the impressively discreet filmmakers
privy to
the best of a growing strain of daring films
deft comic timing
deft and subtle
deft and subtle poetry
deftly captures the wise-beyond-her-years teen
deftly entertaining film
deft sense
deftly captures
trim shape as an athlete as well as an actor
deftly executed
deftly manages to avoid many of the condescending stereotypes that so often plague films dealing with the mentally ill
fill their scenes and , fine judges both , never overcook the hysteria
fill their scenes
filled with heavy doses of always enticing Sayles dialogue
filled with enjoyably complex characters who are never what they first appear
filled out his cast with appealing fresh faces
fill their scenes and , fine judges both , never overcook the hysteria .
clear point
classic text
clears the cynicism right out of you .
out the best from his large cast in beautifully articulated portrayals that are subtle and so expressive they can sustain the poetic flights in Burdette 's dialogue
out there because they love what they do
out to be a cut above the norm , thanks to some clever writing and sprightly acting
out with Samantha
out with such aching beauty and truth that it brings tears to your eyes
teenage sex comedy
wonderful ensemble cast
wonderful subject
wonderful but sometimes confusing
wonderful but sometimes confusing flashback
wonderfully speculative
wonderfully speculative character
wonderful thing
wonderfully edited
wonderfully vulgar
honesty and good sportsmanship
who might even praise God for delivering such an instant camp classic
clear and reliable
clear-cut
filled with surprises , Read My Lips
clearly see the world of our making .
you wo n't want to miss .
gentle melding
genuine insight
gawk at or applaud his special effects
gentle and occasionally cloying
the best actors
A properly spooky film about the power of spirits to influence us whether we believe in them or not
A properly spooky film about the power of spirits to influence us whether we believe in them or not .
with passion and energy
is raised a few notches above kiddie fantasy pablum by Allen 's astringent wit
A pretty decent kid-pleasing , tolerable-to-adults lark of a movie
A pretty decent kid-pleasing , tolerable-to-adults lark of a movie .
A properly spooky film
A properly spooky film about the power of spirits
a spirited film and a must-see
is made fresh by an intelligent screenplay and gripping performances in this low-budget , video-shot , debut indie effort .
is made infinitely more wrenching by the performances of real-life spouses Seldahl and Wollter
is little question that this is a serious work by an important director who has something new to say about how , in the flip-flop of courtship , we often reel in when we should be playing out .
is made fresh by an intelligent screenplay and gripping performances in this low-budget , video-shot , debut indie effort
is like a progressive bull in a china shop , a provocateur crashing into ideas and special-interest groups as he slaps together his own brand of liberalism . '
is like seeing a series of perfect black pearls clicking together to form a string .
is little question that this is a serious work by an important director who has something new to say about how , in the flip-flop of courtship , we often reel in when we should be playing out
even touch us
even the most jaded cinema audiences
even non-techies can enjoy
even more to think about after the final frame
a Jackie Chan movie
amusedly
amusedly ,
ultimately takes hold and grips hard .
imagines
imaginatively mixed cast
imaginative teacher
imaginatively mixed
While the story does seem pretty unbelievable at times , it 's awfully entertaining to watch .
makes the banger sisters a fascinating character study with laughs to spare
While the performances are often engaging
While the filmmaking may be a bit disjointed , the subject matter is so fascinating that you wo n't care .
While the mystery unravels
more harmless
charms are immediately apparent
the emotion or timelessness of Disney 's great past , or even that of more recent successes such
the emotion or timelessness of Disney 's great past , or even
the emotional resonance
in its courageousness , and comedic employment
in its deft portrait of tinseltown
handbag-clutching
hand it to director George Clooney
An unorthodox little film noir organized crime story that includes one of the strangest love stories you will ever see .
An unorthodox little film noir organized crime story that includes one of the strangest
An unflinching , complex portrait of a modern Israel that is rarely seen on-screen .
An unflinching , complex portrait of a modern Israel that is rarely seen on-screen
An unexpectedly sweet story of sisterhood .
An unexpectedly sweet story of
An unflinching ,
they turn out to be delightfully compatible here
` laugh therapy '
` it 's better to go in knowing full well what 's going to happen , but willing to let the earnestness of its execution and skill of its cast take you down a familiar road with a few twists .
it 's good enough for our girls
it 's hard not to be a sucker for its charms
it 's funny
a gritty police thriller
a gripping thriller
based filmmakers Anne de Marcken and Marilyn Freeman did just that and it 's what makes their project so interesting
Otto-Sallies has a real filmmaker 's eye .
Overall , Cletis Tout is a winning comedy that excites the imagination and tickles the funny bone .
Overall , it 's a very entertaining , thought-provoking film with a simple message
Overall , it 's a very entertaining , thought-provoking film with a simple message :
Overall , it 's a very entertaining , thought-provoking film with a simple message : God is love
Overall , it 's a very entertaining , thought-provoking film with a simple message : God is love .
promotes a reasonable landscape of conflict and
promotes a reasonable landscape of conflict
, beautifully produced film
we also need movies like Tim McCann 's Revolution No. 9 .
All 's well that ends well ,
All 's well that ends well
all at once . The extent to which it succeeds is impressive
all it needs to be
that it emerges as another key contribution to the flowering of the South Korean cinema
that keeps the film grounded in an undeniable social realism
that its relentless , polished wit can withstand not only inept school productions , but even Oliver Parker 's movie adaptation
that its dying , in this shower of black-and-white psychedelia , is quite beautiful
that it seems positively French in its rhythms and resonance
that lends the setting the ethereal beauty of an Asian landscape painting
that keeps you
watch Jackson , who also served as executive producer , take his smooth , shrewd , powerful act abroad
does have its charms .
does have its charms
does a solid job of slowly , steadily building up to the climactic burst of violence .
does because ( the leads ) are such a companionable couple
Talky
Talky , artificial and opaque ... an interesting technical exercise , but a tedious picture
The Greatest Musicians
that delivers and then some
The Hood
there are for children and dog lovers
there are enough high points to keep this from being a complete waste of time
there 's the inimitable Diaz , holding it all together
there are great rewards here .
provocative central wedding sequence
provocative material
provocative drama
and a likably delinquent attitude
and a sobering rumination
and a zippy sampling of sounds
and a wonderful all-ages triumph besides --
treats him human enough
, powerful act
, potent exploration
keep the film grounded and keep the audience riveted .
Nicole Holofcener 's Lovely and Amazing , from her own screenplay , jumps to the head of the class of women 's films that manage to avoid the ghetto of sentimental chick-flicks by treating female follies with a satirical style .
Nicholson 's goofy , heartfelt , mesmerizing King Lear
hospitals , courts and welfare centers
, not once , but three times in this animated sweet film
, nothing satisfies like old-fashioned swashbuckling . And in this regard , On Guard delivers .
fills the time with drama , romance , tragedy , bravery , political intrigue , partisans and sabotage
, nonthreatening family movies
, not afraid to lay her life bare in front of an audience .
, no-budget approach
filling nearly every minute ... with a lighthearted glow , some impudent snickers , and a glorious dose of humankind 's liberating ability to triumph over a Scrooge or two
filling nearly every minute ... with a lighthearted glow , some impudent snickers , and a glorious dose of humankind 's liberating ability
filling nearly every minute ...
, now 82 , to find a way to bend current technique to the service of a vision of the past that is faithful to both architectural glories and commanding open spaces of the city as it was more than two centuries ago
, pristine style and bold colors make it as much fun as reading an oversized picture book before bedtime .
Mr. Burns is trying something in the Martin Scorsese street-realist mode
Mr. Caine and Mr. Fraser are the whole show here , with their memorable and resourceful performances .
titillating
brave and
bracing intelligence and a vision both painterly and literary
bracing truth
being exciting
of modern life
a lighthearted glow ,
a light , yet engrossing piece .
a lighthearted glow
a light , yet engrossing piece
a leap from pinnacle to pinnacle
no denying the elaborateness of the artist 's conceptions , nor his ability to depict them with outrageous elan
seen 10,000 times
intelligent romantic comedy
intelligent entertainment
intelligent manner
interesting characters
intense and thrilling
intense and thrilling at times
interesting enough to make a sinner
interesting in concept
the world 's best actors , Daniel Auteuil
inspire a trip to the video store --
inspirational prep-school professors
inspire even the most retiring heart to venture forth
, remains a complete blank
its visual appeal
children , a heartfelt romance for teenagers and
children , a heartfelt romance for teenagers and a compelling argument about death
chilling advantage
cozy or ingratiating
cozy feeling
the best espionage picture
inescapably gorgeous ,
Twenty-three movies into a mostly magnificent directorial career , Clint Eastwood 's efficiently minimalist style
Twenty years later , E.T. is still a cinematic touchstone .
Twenty years after its first release , E.T. remains the most wondrous of all Hollywood fantasies -- and the apex of Steven Spielberg 's misunderstood career .
Tierney and the inimitable Walken especially
the right opening premise
movie comedies -- offbeat humor , amusing characters , and
movie comedies -- offbeat humor , amusing characters , and a happy ending
movie comedies -- offbeat humor , amusing characters
a feel-good formula with a winning style
performances to enjoy in a memorable ensemble piece
perfectly realized
perfectly melodic score
perfectly realized observation
perhaps because he 's been stirred by the powerful work of his co-stars
perhaps ,
scary enough
scary here except for some awful acting and lame special effects .
real magic
Shiner can certainly go the distance , but is n't world championship material
be just
be having a wonderful time
is how much it 's not just another connect-the-dots , spy-on-the-run picture
is how much it 's not just another connect-the-dots , spy-on-the-run picture .
is enormous fun for thinking audiences
is full of necessary discussion points
this shimmering , beautifully
that director M. Night Shyamalan can weave an eerie spell and
that deserved better than a ` direct-to-video ' release
that elevate `` Glory '' above most of its ilk
that director M. Night Shyamalan can weave an eerie spell and that Mel Gibson can gasp , shudder and even tremble without losing his machismo
satisfy as grown-up escapism
satisfy
's all bluster -- in the end it 's as sweet as Greenfingers
inquisitive
's all the stronger because of it
... Despite lagging near the finish line , the movie runs a good race
... Despite lagging near the finish line , the movie runs a good race , one that will have you at the edge of your seat for long stretches . '
... '' Bowling for Columbine '' remains a disquieting and thought-provoking film ...
... Belinsky is still able to create an engaging story that keeps you guessing at almost every turn .
lyrical tale probes the ambiguous welcome extended by Iran to the Afghani refugees who streamed across its borders , desperate for work and food .
lyrical tale probes the ambiguous welcome extended by Iran to the Afghani refugees who streamed across its borders , desperate for work and food
likable performances
likable movie
lighter and sunnier
her makes it successful and accessible
heartbeat-like
exudes the urbane sweetness that Woody Allen seems to have bitterly forsaken .
Shiri is a must for genre fans .
`` Feardotcom '' has the makings of an interesting meditation on the ethereal nature of the internet and the otherworldly energies it could channel
`` Far From Heaven '' is a masterpiece .
Audrey Tatou has a knack for picking roles that magnify her outrageous charm
Audrey Tatou has a knack for picking roles that magnify her outrageous charm ,
Audrey Tatou has a knack for picking roles that magnify her outrageous charm , and
At the end , when the now computerized Yoda finally reveals his martial artistry , the film ascends to a kinetic life so teeming that even cranky adults may rediscover the quivering kid inside .
Atom Egoyan has conjured up a multilayered work that tackles any number of fascinating issues
`` Extreme Ops '' exceeds expectations .
Audrey Tatou has a knack for picking roles that magnify her outrageous charm , and in this literate French comedy , she 's as morning-glory exuberant as she was in Amélie .
so fresh
so excellent
of the more daring and surprising American movies of the year
of the most important and exhilarating forms of animated filmmaking since old Walt
of the most entertaining monster movies in ages
of the most exciting action films
of the most interesting writer\/directors
beating heart
be told in Australia 's film history
be when it 's approached with imagination and flair
beat and supercharged
beat and supercharged cartoon warfare
beat-charged urban western
all other Best Picture contenders should be measured
all other Best Picture contenders
alive and well and living in LA
alive
When cowering and begging at the feet a scruffy Giannini , Madonna gives her best performance since Abel Ferrara had her beaten to a pulp in his Dangerous Game .
When compared to the usual , more somber festival entries , Davis ' highly personal brand of romantic comedy is a tart , smart breath of fresh air that stands out from the pack even if the picture itself is somewhat problematic .
When compared to the usual , more somber festival entries , Davis ' highly personal brand of romantic comedy is a tart , smart breath of fresh air
When it 's this rich and luscious
memorable
the right bands for the playlist and the costuming of the stars
the atmosphere of the crime expertly
equate to being good ,
equals the original and in some ways even betters it
equals the original
now add movies to the list of things he does well
the assumption that '' crazy '' people are innocent , childlike and inherently funny
gets uniformly engaging performances from his largely amateur cast
the astonishingly pivotal role
gets uniformly engaging performances from his largely amateur cast .
I thought the relationships were wonderful , the comedy was funny
energetic and smart
energetic frontman
an ambiguous icon
an ambiguity that lends its conflicts a symbolic resonance
an admirable achievement
an agreeable time-wasting device -- but George Pal 's low-tech 1960 version still rules the epochs
energy , intelligence and verve ,
the ideas about techno-saturation
a quietly introspective portrait of the self-esteem of employment and the shame of losing a job
well-developed
, determined
` It looks good , Sonny
I thought the relationships were wonderful ,
` Red Shoe Diaries
Trouble Every Day is a success in some sense ,
's absolutely amazing how first-time director Kevin Donovan managed to find something new to add to the canon of Chan .
comes to dreaming up romantic comedies
's actually watchable
The streets , shot by cinematographer Michael Ballhaus , may be as authentic as they are mean ,
, it 's a beaut .
giant Chuck Jones
for a shoot-out in the o . k .
raw emotion
, it 's only because we would expect nothing less from this bunch .
Woo 's fights have a distinct flair .
at least a few good ideas and features some decent performances
at least during their '70s heyday
is a purposefully reductive movie -- which may be why it 's so successful at lodging itself in the brain .
all round , but what really sets the film apart is Debrauwer 's refusal to push the easy emotional buttons
that presents a fascinating glimpse of urban life and the class warfare that embroils two young men
A solid cast , assured direction and complete lack of modern day irony .
A special kind
that pokes fun at the democratic exercise while also examining its significance for those who take part
tricky and satisfying as any of David
astoundingly rich film
astoundingly rich
astoundingly
astonishing grandeur
astringent wit
García Bernal and Talancón are an immensely appealing couple , and even though their story is predictable , you 'll want things to work out .
A sobering and powerful documentary about the most severe kind of personal loss : rejection by one 's mother
A sobering and powerful documentary about the most severe kind of personal loss : rejection by one 's mother .
Payne has created a beautiful canvas , and Nicholson proves once again that he 's the best brush in the business
Payne has created a beautiful canvas , and
Payne has created a beautiful canvas , and Nicholson proves once again that he 's the best brush in the business .
Payne constructs a hilarious ode to middle America and middle age with this unlikely odyssey , featuring a pathetic , endearing hero who is all too human .
Payami graphically illustrates the problems of fledgling democracies , but also the strength and sense of freedom the Iranian people already possess , with or without access to the ballot box .
Payne has created a beautiful canvas ,
Payne has created a beautiful canvas
amusing , let alone funny
amusing enough
amusing , but ultimately so
amusing ,
amuses
is a film brimming with detail and nuance and one that speaks volumes about the ability of the human spirit to find solace in events that could easily crush it forever
is a film brimming with detail and nuance and one that speaks volumes about the ability of the human spirit to find solace in events that could easily crush it forever .
is a crash course in movie mythology
is , as usual , brilliant
is , as usual , brilliant .
amusing enough while you watch it , offering fine acting moments and pungent insights into modern L . A .
amusing from time
Savvy director Robert J . Siegel
Sayles has a knack for casting , often resurrecting performers who rarely work in movies now ... and drawing flavorful performances from bland actors .
sharp eye
shared by the nation
sharp , amusing study
shared by the nation at their sacrifice .
Anchored by Friel and Williams 's exceptional performances , the film 's power lies in its complexity .
And , thanks to the presence of ` the King , ' it also rocks .
An uplifting , near-masterpiece
An uplifting , near-masterpiece .
spectacular
satire Lucky Break
even promotes understanding
even more magical
even more magical than the first and simply the best family film of the year
even some depth
Festival in Cannes bubbles with the excitement of the festival in Cannes .
Ferrara 's best film in years .
are a few modest laughs ,
the very best
make you think about existential suffering
pretty but
wit and empathy
Warm Water may well be the year 's best and most unpredictable comedy .
Warm Water Under a Red Bridge is a celebration of feminine energy , a tribute to the power of women to heal .
a brilliant , honest performance by nicholson
a brisk , amusing
Achieves a sort of filmic epiphany that revels in the true potential of the medium .
a brisk , amusing pace
measured or polished
makes the clothes
sparkles
an equally beautiful , self-satisfied 18-year-old
an equally beautiful , self-satisfied 18-year-old mistress
an enjoyable one
an entertaining and informative
an enjoyable
an enjoyable film
an equally beautiful , self-satisfied
an entertaining and informative documentary
wry comic mayhem
wry observations
humble , teach and ultimately
humble , teach and
humbling little film
humor , warmth
humor , characterization , poignancy , and intelligence
a biting satire
a bang-up
Simone , Andrew Niccol 's brilliant anti-Hollywood satire ,
a bang-up job of pleasing the crowds
a bang-up job
a brilliant
's a refreshing change from the self-interest and paranoia that shape most American representations of Castro .
its story of actorly existential despair than for its boundary-hopping formal innovations and glimpse into another kind of Chinese
swoony music and fever-pitched melodrama
sword-and-sorcery plot
symbolic graphic design
simply the best family film of the year
his most daring , and complicated , performances
The work of an artist
into one terrific story with lots of laughs
into minutely detailed wonders of dreamlike ecstasy
into its intriguing subject
's a pleasure to enjoy their eccentricities
his most personal work yet
The word that comes to mind , while watching Eric Rohmer 's tribute to a courageous Scottish lady , is painterly .
never hogs the scenes from his fellow cast , as there are plenty of laughs and good lines for everyone in this comedy
A ... cynical and serious look at teenage boys doing what they do best - being teenagers
some cute moments , funny scenes , and hits the target audience ( young Bow Wow fans ) -
soars above the material realm
soars every bit as high
? Well , it probably wo n't have you swinging from the trees hooting it 's praises , but it 's definitely worth taking a look .
The wonder of Mostly Martha is the performance of Gedeck , who makes Martha enormously endearing .
despite downplaying her good looks
occasionally very enjoyable children 's entertainment
despite downplaying her good looks , carries a little too much ai n't - she-cute baggage into her lead role as a troubled and determined homicide cop to quite pull off the heavy stuff .
the subgenre 's most enabling
because Panic Room is interested in nothing more than sucking you in ... and making you sweat
Hong Kong master John Woo
of the best short story writing
of the best rock documentaries ever . Wilco
of the best war movies ever made
of the big summer movies
of the biggest names in Japanese anime , with impressive results
-- in a heartwarming , nonjudgmental kind of way --
-- every member of the ensemble has something fascinating to do --
-- casting excellent Latin actors of all ages --
Vardalos ' humor , which transcends ethnic boundaries
This seductive tease
Hong Kong action cinema is still alive and kicking
the Saturday morning cartoons
a web of dazzling entertainment
a welcome , if downbeat , missive
a welcome relief from the usual two-dimensional offerings
a well-made and satisfying thriller
a welcome , if downbeat , missive from a forgotten front
Meeting , even exceeding expectations
Measured against practically any like-themed film other than its Oscar-sweeping franchise predecessor The Silence of the Lambs , Red Dragon rates as an exceptional thriller .
Measured against practically any like-themed film other than its Oscar-sweeping franchise predecessor
Me '' feels capable of charming the masses with star power , a pop-induced score and sentimental moments that have become a Spielberg trademark .
Me '' feels capable of charming the masses with star power , a pop-induced score and sentimental moments that have become a Spielberg trademark
scream of consciousness that is tortured and unsettling -- but unquestionably alive .
( the film ) works , due mostly to the tongue-in-cheek attitude of the screenplay .
from an honored screen veteran and a sparkling newcomer who instantly transform themselves into a believable mother\/daughter pair
from an eccentric and good-naturedly aimless story
from an adventurous young talent who finds his inspiration on the fringes of the American underground
from accomplished Oscar winners Susan Sarandon , Dustin Hoffman and Holly Hunter , yet newcomer Ellen Pompeo pulls off the feat with aplomb
from a renowned Indian film culture that allows Americans to finally revel in its splendor
young in spirit but
sheer joy and pride
raise audience 's spirits and leave them singing long after the credits roll
such a dependable concept
whose bittersweet themes are reinforced
such a delight
Terrific casting and solid execution
Terrific casting and solid execution give all three stories life .
Terrific performances
Terrific performances , great to look at
Terrific performances , great to look at , and funny . A little uneven to be the cat 's meow , but it 's good enough to be the purr .
Has a certain ghoulish fascination , and generates a fair amount of B-movie excitement .
Has a lot of the virtues of
Harvey Weinstein 's bluff personal style
Building slowly and subtly , the film , sporting a breezy spontaneity and realistically drawn characterizations , develops into a significant character study that is both moving and wise
Bullock 's best work
a comedic moment in this romantic comedy
a comedic context
a comedic moment
pitch-perfect
pitch-perfect Forster
pitch-perfect acting
awed
that actually has something interesting to say
that accomplishes so much that one viewing ca n't possibly be enough
that actually manages to bring something new into the mix
that affirms the nourishing aspects of love and companionship
that allows Americans to finally revel in its splendor
Interacting eyeball-to-eyeball and toe-to-toe , Hopkins and Norton are a winning combination -- but Fiennes steals ` Red Dragon ' right from under their noses
Interacting eyeball-to-eyeball and toe-to-toe , Hopkins and Norton are a winning combination --
Interacting eyeball-to-eyeball and toe-to-toe , Hopkins and Norton are a winning combination -- but
buddies Chris Rock , Garry Shandling and Colin Quinn
of those rare remakes
brought him fame in the first place
poised for titillation , raw insight or both .
if you grew up on the stalker flicks of the 1980 's this one should appease you for 90 minutes
where something 's happening
tell a story about the Vietnam War before the pathology set in
, in itself , is extraordinary .
, imaginative
the movie is the one with the most emotional resonance
The thriller side
This is an interesting movie
This is an elegantly balanced movie -- every member of the ensemble has something fascinating to do -- that does n't reveal even a hint of artifice .
This is a very ambitious project for a fairly inexperienced filmmaker , but good actors , good poetry and good music help sustain it .
This is a very ambitious project for a fairly inexperienced filmmaker , but good actors , good poetry and good music help sustain it
This is a very ambitious project for a fairly inexperienced filmmaker , but
This is one of Mr . Chabrol 's subtlest works , but also one of his most uncanny .
being very funny
being wickedly funny and just plain wicked
grownups
grows into something of considerable power
makes worth taking
makes valid points about the depersonalization of modern life .
makes you want to like it
gut-bustingly
gut-bustingly funny
makes valid points about the depersonalization of modern life
makes valid points
an insane comic undertaking that ultimately coheres into a sane and breathtakingly creative film
transfixes the audience .
a fairy tale that comes from a renowned indian film culture that allows americans to finally revel in its splendor
a fascinating
a fairy tale
a fairly disposable yet still entertaining b picture
an intelligent , realistic portrayal
transfixes the audience
wonderfully loopy
an infectious enthusiasm
terrific and bewilderingly
terrific and
terrific insider
terrific climax
terrific screenplay
than I want to believe
an insane comic undertaking
what a thrill ride .
what a thrill ride . This is a more fascinating look at the future than '' Bladerunner '' and one of the most high-concept sci fi adventures attempted for the screen
what a world we 'd live in if Argento 's Hollywood counterparts ... had this much imagination and nerve
some effecting moments
which proves that Rohmer still has a sense of his audience
you 've actually spent time living in another community
about either the nature of women or
sensual
sensual empowerment
serves as an examination of a society in transition
serves as an examination of a society in transition .
set against the strange , stark beauty of the Mideast desert , so lovingly and perceptively filmed that you can almost taste the desiccated air
you slice it
inspirational love story
Medem may have disrobed most of the cast , leaving their bodies exposed , but the plot remains as guarded as a virgin with a chastity belt . That 's why Sex and Lucia is so alluring .
Medem may have disrobed most of the cast , leaving their bodies exposed , but the plot remains as guarded as a virgin with a chastity belt . That 's why Sex and Lucia is so alluring
Mel Gibson fights the good fight in Vietnam in director Randall Wallace 's flag-waving war flick with a core of decency .
I do .
why human beings long for what they do n't have
a look for its true-to-life characters , its sensitive acting , its unadorned view of rural life and the subtle direction of first-timer Hilary Birmingham
will keep you watching , as will the fight scenes
? A romance ?
the film 's best trick
Happy Gilmore or The Waterboy
Hanna-Barbera 's half-hour cartoons
Hanna-Barbera charm
Some of the most ravaging , gut-wrenching , frightening war scenes since '' Saving Private Ryan ''
the women 's stories
the women 's stories are ably intercut and involving
is the picture of health with boundless energy until a few days before she dies
is the picture of health with boundless energy
who will be moved to the edge of their seats by the dynamic first act
A melancholy
A mature , deeply felt fantasy of a director 's travel through 300 years of Russian history .
shows excess in business and pleasure ,
A melancholy , emotional film
a fresh approach
a fresh and dramatically substantial spin on the genre
a fresh infusion of creativity
a fresh infusion
a fresh and dramatically substantial spin
a friend
hearts and minds
no lie
no lika da accents so good , but I thoroughly enjoyed the love story
heartwarming
candy-coat with pat storylines , precious circumstances and beautiful stars
His best film
capable of anteing up some movie star charisma
caper thrills
getting their fair shot in the movie business
capable thriller
The fun
your entertainment standards
knows , and very likely
knows , and very likely is
is definitely a cut above the rest
that interest Attal and Gainsbourg
is deceptively simple , deeply satisfying .
that interweaves individual stories
seem so real in small doses
that watching it leaves you giddy . Half Past Dead is just such an achievement
seem so real
seem smart and well-crafted in comparison
such an achievement
cartoon characters
in picking apart human foibles , not afraid to lay her life bare in front of an audience
in showing us well-thought stunts or a car chase that we have n't seen 10,000 times
A reasonably entertaining sequel to 1994 's surprise family hit that may strain adult credibility .
A reasonably entertaining sequel to 1994 's surprise family
A rich tale of our times
A rich tale
A rip-roaring comedy action
A rich tale of our times , very well told with an appropriate minimum of means .
A romantic comedy enriched by a sharp eye for manners and mores .
A rip-roaring comedy action fest that 'll put hairs on your chest .
that uses a sensational , real-life 19th-Century crime as a metaphor for
By presenting an impossible romance in an impossible world , Pumpkin dares us to say why either is impossible -- which forces us to confront what 's possible and what we might do to make it so .
is an ` action film ' mired in stasis .
is an amicable endeavor .
to serve the work especially well
works smoothly
let the earnestness of its execution and skill of its cast take you down a familiar road with a few twists
with Steven Seagal
keep the audience riveted
the intricate preciseness
the intricate preciseness of the best short story writing
simply feeling like no other film in recent history
the joie de vivre even as he creates
the journey is such a mesmerizing one
that good
to match that movie 's intermittent moments of inspiration
to match the power of their surroundings
Diggs and Lathan are among the chief reasons Brown Sugar is such a sweet and sexy film .
Diesel is that rare creature -- an action hero with table manners , and one who proves that elegance is more than tattoo deep .
that gives viewers a chance to learn , to grow , to travel
true fans of the Stevenson 's novel
told with humor and poignancy
teen-targeted action TV series
hard to imagine anyone managing to steal a movie not only from charismatic rising star Jake Gyllenhaal but also from accomplished Oscar winners Susan Sarandon , Dustin Hoffman and Holly Hunter , yet newcomer Ellen Pompeo pulls off the feat with aplomb
hard to imagine having more fun watching a documentary
hard to stop watching
hard to resist his enthusiasm
's sure a lot smarter and more unnerving than the sequels
's that rare luminary who continually raises the standard of her profession
's still damn funny stuff
's still a rollicking good time for the most part
's steeped in mystery and a ravishing , baroque beauty
's still a good yarn -- which is nothing to sneeze at these days
the potential success inherent in the mixture of Bullock Bubble and Hugh Goo
the potential success
the politics that thump through it are as timely as tomorrow
the positive change in tone here seems to have recharged him
the positive change in tone
the positive change
by Anne-Sophie Birot
a thoughtful , reverent
a thoughtful , reverent portrait
Succeeds where its recent predecessor miserably
Succeeds as a well-made evocation of a subculture .
Succeeds where its recent predecessor miserably fails because it demands that you suffer the dreadfulness of war from both sides .
Stuart 's poor-me persona needs a whole bunch of Snowball 's cynicism to cut through the sugar coating . But once the falcon arrives in the skies above Manhattan , the adventure is on red alert
Succeeds as a well-made evocation of a subculture
Succeeds as a well-made evocation
about the pitfalls of bad behavior
a thoughtful , emotional movie
a thoughtful , emotional movie experience
pieces of the famous director 's life
piercing
it is
it is exotic
it is great summer fun to watch arnold
it is great summer fun to watch arnold and
partly because it is aware of its own grasp of the absurd
me want to get made-up and go see this movie with my sisters
means a great movie , but it is a refreshingly forthright one .
medicine
A beautifully observed character piece .
A beautifully tooled action thriller about love and terrorism in Korea .
A beautiful , timeless and universal tale of heated passions -- jealousy , betrayal , forgiveness and murder .
A beautifully
A beguiling evocation of the quality that keeps Dickens evergreen : the exuberant openness with which he expresses our most basic emotions .
A beguiling evocation
A beguiling evocation of the quality that keeps Dickens evergreen : the exuberant openness with which he expresses our most basic emotions
A clever script and skilled actors bring new energy to the familiar topic of office politics .
A clever script and skilled actors
A classic fairy tale that perfectly captures the wonders and worries of childhood in a way that few movies have ever approached .
A classic fairy tale that perfectly captures the wonders and worries of childhood in a way that few movies have ever approached
with a solid pedigree both in front of and , more specifically , behind the camera
A clever script and
A clever script
gets the once-over once again in Gangster No . 1
A classic fairy tale that perfectly captures the wonders and worries of childhood
A classic fairy tale
It 's incredible the number of stories the Holocaust has generated .
Although it 's a bit smug and repetitive , this documentary engages your brain in a way few current films do .
Although Life or Something Like It is very much in the mold of feel-good movies , the cast and director Stephen Herek 's polished direction pour delightfully piquant wine from aged bottles .
Although Life or Something Like It is very much in the mold of feel-good movies
Although German cooking does not come readily to mind when considering the world 's best cuisine , Mostly Martha could make Deutchland a popular destination for hungry tourists .
Almost every scene in this film is a gem that could stand alone , a perfectly realized observation of mood , behavior and intent .
unerring respect
Hot with the WWII espionage thriller
makes up for in intelligence and B-grade stylishness .
makes up for in intelligence and B-grade stylishness
makes this '' Two Weddings and a Funeral '' fun
obvious affection , scored to perfection with some tasty boogaloo beats
obvious affection
observes life inside a one-room schoolhouse in northern France in his documentary To Be and to Have , easily one of the best films of the year
observes life inside a one-room schoolhouse in northern France in his documentary To Be and to Have , easily one of the best films of the year .
observe the inequities in the death penalty , not just the inherent immorality
, may not touch the planet 's skin , but understands the workings of its spirit .
not to be awed by the power and grace of one of the greatest natural sportsmen of modern times
not because of its epic scope , but because of the startling intimacy
This makes it not only a detailed historical document , but an engaging and moving portrait of a subculture
This is the stuff that Disney movies are made of .
This is the best Star Trek movie in a long time .
This kind of hands-on storytelling is ultimately what makes Shanghai Ghetto move beyond a good , dry , reliable textbook and what allows it to rank with its worthy predecessors .
This kind of hands-on storytelling
strangely tempting bouquet
makes a wonderful subject for the camera .
strangely believable
's what you 're in the mood for
strangely liberating
strangely moved by even the corniest and most hackneyed contrivances
strangely tempting
This romantic thriller is steeped in the atmosphere of wartime England
This romantic thriller is steeped in the atmosphere of wartime England , and ably captures the speech patterns , moral codes and ideals of the 1940s .
This road movie gives you emotional whiplash , and you 'll be glad you went along for the ride .
This romantic thriller
This riveting World War II moral suspense story deals with the shadow side of American culture
This is the kind of movie that used to be right at home at the Saturday matinee , and it still is .
amusing , sad and reflective
amused with its low groan-to-guffaw ratio
amusing and unexpectedly insightful
amusing and engrossing
amusing and unsettling
amusing personalities
amusing characters
his smart , edgy voice and waddling profile ( emphasized here ) accent the humor of Wilson 's plight , and that saves his pathos from drippiness .
emphasizes the well-wrought story
emphasizes the computer and the cool
emphasising her plight and isolation
his smart , edgy voice and waddling profile ( emphasized here )
his smart , edgy voice
his smart , edgy voice and waddling profile ( emphasized here ) accent the humor of Wilson 's plight , and that saves his pathos from drippiness
his smart , edgy voice and waddling profile ( emphasized here ) accent the humor of Wilson 's plight
tour de
regal charisma
its final form ( in '' Last Dance ''
regal
that exquisitely blends music , dance , song ,
that exquisitely blends music , dance , song , and
that even cranky adults may rediscover the quivering kid inside
that exquisitely blends music
that exquisitely blends music , dance ,
that exquisitely blends music , dance , song
that exquisitely blends music ,
that exquisitely blends music , dance
, Paxton is surprisingly brilliant , deftly sewing together what could have been a confusing and horrifying vision into an intense and engrossing head-trip .
Takes a simple premise and carries it to unexpected heights
ride the Hogwarts Express toward a new year of magic and mischief
richer by his own experiences , making his other movies somehow
ribald humor and touching nostalgia
Bisset delivers a game performance
Birot 's film apart from others in the genre is a greater attention to the parents -- and particularly the fateful fathers -- in the emotional evolution of the two bewitched adolescents
Bisset delivers a game performance ,
Davis is funny , charming and quirky in her feature film acting debut as Amy .
with an acid viewpoint and a real gift for teasing chilly poetry out of lives and settings that might otherwise seem drab and sordid
for the kiddies
for the greatness
its moral medicine
its otherwise comic narrative
segues
segues from Oscar winner to Oscar-winning potential with a smooth sleight of hand
seen in years
a better film than his earlier English-language movie , the overpraised Elizabeth
Devotees
a British flick gleefully unconcerned with plausibility , yet just as determined to entertain you
a Kiss
a Kiss seem minty fresh
a badge of honor
a better film
are consistently delightful .
still manages to get a few punches in
still fun and enjoyable and
still fun and enjoyable and so aggressively silly
still fun and enjoyable
Perry 's good and his is an interesting character ,
Perhaps it 's cliche to call the film ` refreshing , ' but it is
Perhaps it 's cliche to call the film ` refreshing , ' but it is .
Perry 's good and his is an interesting character
throughout his resolutely dramatic variation on the novel
with an underlying seriousness that sneaks up on the viewer , providing an experience that is richer than anticipated
Broomfield dresses it up
weaves a carefully balanced scenario that is controlled by neither character , is weirdly sympathetic to both and
with an unflappable '50s dignity somewhere between Jane Wyman and June Cleaver
weaves a carefully balanced scenario that is controlled by neither character , is weirdly sympathetic to both
weaves a carefully balanced scenario that is controlled by neither character ,
are two such likeable actors .
are two such likeable actors
matured quite a bit with Spider-Man ,
are nice to look at while you wait for the story to get going
are incredibly beautiful to look at .
are plenty of laughs and good lines for everyone in this comedy
illustrates the problems of fledgling democracies , but also the strength and sense of freedom the Iranian people already possess , with or without access to the ballot box
that movie 's intermittent moments of inspiration
did , with a serious minded patience , respect and affection
did n't Hollywood think of this sooner
of determination and the human spirit
of diverse political perspectives
weirdly fascinating
weighty revelations , flowery dialogue ,
weighty revelations , flowery dialogue , and nostalgia for the past
far more polished documentaries to shame
far richer
far more polished
fascinates
May be spoofing an easy target -- those old ' 50 's giant creature features -- but ... it acknowledges and celebrates their cheesiness as the reason why people get a kick out of watching them today .
May be spoofing an easy target -- those old ' 50 's giant creature features -- but ... it acknowledges and celebrates their cheesiness as the reason why people get a kick out of watching them today
fascinates us
Matters play out realistically if not always fairly .
By turns pretentious , fascinating , ludicrous , provocative and vainglorious .
The solid filmmaking and
By the end of the movie , you 're definitely convinced that these women are spectacular .
The solid filmmaking and convincing characters
The sort of film that makes me miss Hitchcock , but also feel optimistic that there 's hope for popular cinema yet .
Eccentric
Eccentric enough to stave off doldrums
Eckstraordinarily
verve and fun
his fun friendly demeanor
an engrossing way to demonstrate the virtues of the IMAX format
an astute appraisal of Middle American musical torpor and the desperate struggle to escape it
an avalanche of eye-popping visual effects
an emotional , though still positive , wrench
an emotional , though still positive , wrench of a sit
is hard not to be especially grateful for freedom after a film like this .
is hard to dismiss -- moody , thoughtful
is handled with intelligence and care
is handsome
is hard to dismiss -- moody , thoughtful ,
is hard to dismiss -- moody , thoughtful , and
engaging on an emotional level , funnier , and on the whole less
engaging performers
ends with scenes so terrifying I 'm still stunned
energy and innovation
engaging fantasy
flourish
more interesting ,
more interesting , less symmetrical ,
mostly intelligent ,
most visually stunning and
mostly intelligent , engrossing
floating narrative
of expository material
of extraordinary journalism
In spite of featuring a script credited to no fewer than five writers
The color sense of Stuart Little 2 is its most immediate and most obvious pleasure
so bad it starts to become good .
is entertainment opportunism at its most glaring
is essentially a series of fleetingly interesting actors ' moments .
both traditional or modern stories together in
's best dramatic performance to date ( is ) almost enough to lift ( this ) thrill-kill cat-and-mouser ... above its paint-by-numbers plot
's brilliant ` Videodrome
's brilliant `
's certainly laudable that the movie deals with hot-button issues in a comedic context
's certainly laudable
i have two words to say about reign of fire . great dragons !
laughed at
i like it . there is a freedom to watching stunts that are this crude , this fast-paced and this insane
laugh for not quite and hour and a half
that this bold move works
i like it .
and dog lovers
and engaging film
and effective film
dramatic arc
dramatic animated feature
dramatic comedy
dramatic enlightenment ,
dramatic enough
dramatic enlightenment , the screenplay by Billy Ray and Terry George
dramatic enough to sustain interest
moderately successful but
mixing action and idiosyncratic humor in his charming 2000 debut Shanghai Noon
moderately successful
the intelligent romantic comedy with actual ideas on its mind
cultivation
crystallize key plot moments into minutely detailed wonders of dreamlike ecstasy
crystallize key plot moments into minutely detailed wonders of dreamlike ecstasy .
had more fun watching Spy than I had with most of the big summer movies .
had been developed with more care
had gone in for pastel landscapes .
had more fun watching Spy than I had with most of the big summer movies
Visually rather stunning
Visually rather stunning , but ultimately a handsome-looking
sparkling
sparkles with the the wisdom and humor of its subjects .
, it still comes off as a touching , transcendent love story .
a satisfying destination
a satisfying well-made romantic comedy
a satisfying well-made romantic comedy that 's both charming and well acted
a scary , action-packed chiller
let you bask in your own cleverness as you figure it out
lets go your emotions , taking them to surprising highs , sorrowful lows and hidden impulsive niches ... gorgeous , passionate , and at times uncommonly moving
lets go your emotions , taking them to surprising highs , sorrowful lows and hidden impulsive niches ... gorgeous , passionate , and at times uncommonly moving .
really cool bit
to see a comedy about shoddy airport security
to see a Chinese film depict a homosexual relationship in a mature and frank fashion
well-edited
made with great evident care
magnificence
majesty
major kudos
major kudos go to Leigh for actually casting people who look working-class .
a music scene that transcends culture and race
a neat trick
a nation whose songs spring directly from the lives of the people
dutifully pulling on heartstrings
The latest installment in the Pokemon canon , Pokemon 4ever is surprising less moldy and trite than the last two , likely because much of the Japanese anime is set in a scenic forest where Pokemon graze in peace .
romantic tale
should jolt you out of your seat a couple of times , give you a few laughs , and leave you feeling like it was worth your seven bucks , even though it does turn out to be a bit of a cheat in the end
should jolt you out of your seat a couple of times , give you a few laughs , and leave you feeling like it was worth your seven bucks , even though it does turn out to be a bit of a cheat in the end .
should make it required viewing in university computer science departments for years to come .
should make it required viewing in university computer science departments for years to come
to be uplifting but not overly sentimental
commended for its straight-ahead approach to creepiness
commended for its straight-ahead approach
I was impressed by how many tit-for-tat retaliatory responses the filmmakers allow before pulling the plug on the conspirators and averting an American-Russian Armageddon .
commands
commands the screen , using his frailty to suggest the ravages of a life of corruption and ruthlessness .
commands the screen , using his frailty to suggest the ravages of a life of corruption and ruthlessness
commands the screen ,
the runaway success
the runaway success of his first film , The Full Monty ,
draw you deeply into its world
his ability to startle
really good premise
fact and fancy with such confidence
fact , even better
facing change in both their inner and outer lives
and flair
and for anyone who appreciates intelligent , stylish moviemaking
and fresh examination
and fresh romantic comedy
strong , character-oriented piece
strikingly devious
, visually striking
well-structured film
, ultimately , it wins you over .
, undoubtedly , leave both camps engaged in a ferocious debate for years to come
, very much its own droll and delicate little film ,
, unlike other Dumas adaptations , is far more likened to a treasure than a lengthy jail sentence
, viciously honest coming-of-age films
, very watchable
Henry Bean 's thoughtful screenplay provides no easy answers , but offers a compelling investigation of faith versus intellect
Here 's yet another cool crime movie that actually manages to bring something new into the mix .
Hence , Storytelling is far more appealing
Henry Bean 's thoughtful screenplay
was longer than an hour
was kind of terrific
was kind of terrific once
was lazy but enjoyable
draws our attention like a magnet , and
in European markets , where Mr. Besson is a brand name , and in Asia , where Ms. Shu is an institution
a Dickensian hero
a Christmas perennial
`` wild ride ''
A refreshing Korean film
staring
A real movie , about real people , that gives us a rare glimpse into a culture most of us do n't know .
A refreshing Korean film about five female high school friends who face an uphill battle when they try to take their relationships into deeper waters .
A romantic comedy that operates by the rules of its own self-contained universe .
A sad , superior human comedy played out on the back roads of life .
well-honed
Outer-space buffs might love this film , but others will find its pleasures intermittent
is just too easy to be genuinely satisfying
This is the kind of movie that used to be right at home at the Saturday matinee , and
This is the kind of movie that used to be right at home at the Saturday matinee , and it still is
This may not have the dramatic gut-wrenching impact of other Holocaust films , but it 's a compelling story , mainly because of the way it 's told by the people who were there
This road movie gives you emotional whiplash ,
who worship Lil ' Bow Wow
made a more sheerly beautiful film
intelligence or invention
well-behaved film , which ticks off Kahlo 's lifetime milestones with the dutiful precision of a tax accountant
well-conceived
well-drawn , if standard issue , characters
In this incarnation its fizz is infectious
fast , funny , and even touching story
is best for the stunning star turn by Djeinaba Diop Gai
is better than any summer blockbuster
Poignant if familiar story of a young person
Pocas veces
Poignant if familiar story of a young person suspended between two cultures .
went back to Newcastle , the first half of Gangster No. 1 drips with style and , at times , blood .
well-made pizza
, Pumpkin dares us to say why either is impossible -- which forces us to confront what 's possible and what we might do to make it so .
, Ram Dass : Fierce Grace is worth seeking out .
well-executed spy-thriller .
, Clockstoppers is a lively and enjoyable adventure for all ages at any time .
, Michael Reilly Burke ( Octopus 2 : River of Fear ) has just the right amount of charisma and menace .
, Mr . Ratliff wisely rejects the temptation to make fun of his subjects .
, I 'll certainly be keeping an eye out for his next project
the big giant titles of the opening credits to Elmer Bernstein 's perfectly melodic score
casts its spooky net out into the Atlantic Ocean and spits it back ,
Blair Witch video-cam footage .
Bledel
Blessed with a searing lead performance
What distinguishes Time of Favor from countless other thrillers is its underlying concern with the consequences of words and with the complicated emotions fueling terrorist acts .
What a great way to spend 4 units of your day .
map thematically and stylistically , and
in this properly intense , claustrophobic tale of obsessive love
in this remarkable and memorable film
in this marvelous film
The engagingly primitive animated special effects contribute to a mood that 's sustained through the surprisingly somber conclusion .
The ending feels at odds with the rest of the film .
Nearly surreal , dabbling in French , this is no simple movie , and you 'll be taking a risk if you choose to see it . I enjoyed the ride ( bumps and all ) , creamy depth , and ultimate theme .
The entire movie has a truncated feeling , but what 's available is lovely and lovable
fast enough
fast , furious and full
fast , funny , highly enjoyable movie
fast , funny , highly enjoyable
fashions the sort of delicate , articulate character - and - relationship study he 's favored for decades .
fashions the sort of delicate , articulate character - and - relationship study he 's favored for decades
fast-moving and remarkable
fast-moving
a bravura lead performance by Bruce Campbell that does n't deserve to leave the building until everyone is aware of it
a bravura lead performance
a beaut
comedic moments
an unusually surreal tone
an unusual but pleasantly haunting debut behind the camera
an unusual but pleasantly haunting debut
pleasure .
as captured by their 1970s predecessors
as cleverly plotted as The Usual Suspects
as compelling
who has lived her life half-asleep suddenly wake up
who handily makes the move from pleasing
who has been awarded mythic status in contemporary culture
, this is that rare drama that offers a thoughtful and rewarding glimpse into the sort of heartache everyone has felt , or will feel someday .
her personal odyssey trumps the carnage that claims so many lives around her
, they are pitted against shimmering cinematography that lends the setting the ethereal beauty of an Asian landscape painting .
unbearably beautiful
the screenplay or something
will find Morrison 's iconoclastic uses of technology to be liberating .
elevate `` Glory '' above most of its ilk
elevate `` Glory ''
elegant film
elaborate continuation
for finding meaning in relationships or work
bold
bold and lyrical
big , dumb , happy
big , dumb , happy movie
, truths emerge .
bold and lyrical first feature
, touching
, to find a place among the studio 's animated classics
things he does well
play their roles with vibrant charm
it will be , and in that sense is a movie that deserves recommendation
juicy role
jumps to the head of the class of women 's films
's a werewolf itself by avoiding eye contact and walking slowly away . It 's fun
's absolutely amazing
want to get up and dance
like a well-made PB & J sandwich
the life of Wladyslaw Szpilman , who is not only a pianist , but a good human being
makes it interesting trying to find out
manages sweetness
a cinephile 's feast ,
lines , the impressive stagings of hardware
a comedy , a romance , a fairy tale
that the director of such Hollywood blockbusters as Patriot Games can still turn out a small , personal film with an emotional wallop
that the artist 's work may take on a striking new significance for anyone who sees the film
that tells stories that work -- is charming , is moving
that the film comes off winningly , even though it 's never as solid as you want it to be
rich and
richly imagined and
ride the Hogwarts Express
drawn engaging characters
drawn engaging characters while peppering the pages with memorable zingers
drawn into the exotic world of belly dancing
drawing flavorful performances
drawing flavorful performances from bland actors
every moviegoer 's appetite
every self-mocking moment
every shot enhances the excellent performances
's funny and human and really pretty damned wonderful , all at once .
's funny and human and really pretty damned wonderful ,
moments of inspired humour
's funny , touching , dramatically forceful , and beautifully shot
's fun for kids of any age
's fun , wispy , wise and surprisingly inoffensive for a film about a teen in love with his stepmom .
fuel our best achievements and other times
the wars he shows and empathizes with the victims he reveals
the appeal of Hey Arnold ! The Movie will reach far beyond its core demographic
it shine
the spirits of these young women
the spirit of good clean fun
the stamina
unleashes
Those who want to be jolted out of their gourd should drop everything and run to Ichi .
unadulterated thrills
10,000
Though Lan Yu lacks a sense of dramatic urgency , the film makes up for it with a pleasing verisimilitude .
's a lot richer than the ones
a strong script , powerful direction and splendid production design allows us to be transported into the life of wladyslaw szpilman , who is not only a pianist , but a good human being
When it 's all wet , Blue Crush is highly enjoyable .
When it 's this rich and luscious , who cares ?
Bullock 's memorable first interrogation of Gosling
Bullock 's memorable first interrogation
it could become a cult classic
as Sand , who brings to the role her pale , dark beauty and characteristic warmth
'' Big Deal on Madonna Street '' that 's a sly , amusing , laugh-filled little gem in which the ultimate '' Bellini '' begins to look like a '' real Kaputschnik
'' His Best Friend Remembers ''
futuristic sets
esteemed writer-actor
's a head-turner -- thoughtfully written , beautifully read and , finally , deeply humanizing
done his subject justice
done his homework
done a fine job of updating White 's dry wit to a new age
done cinematically
done excellent work here
done excellent work
reaches across time and distance
reach much further than we imagine
reach much further than we imagine .
reaching happiness
thoroughly satisfying entertainment
Kissing Jessica Steinis quirky , charming and often hilarious . Yet
Kissing Jessica Stein injects freshness and spirit into the romantic comedy genre , which has been held hostage by generic scripts that seek to remake Sleepless in Seattle again and again .
Kissing Jessica Steinis quirky , charming and often hilarious .
Insanely hilarious ! I have n't laughed that hard in years !
Inherently caustic and oddly whimsical , the film chimes in on the grieving process and strangely draws the audience into the unexplainable pain and eccentricities that are attached to the concept of loss .
Insanely hilarious !
the most navel-gazing film
are like a tasty hors-d'oeuvre
are hilarious throughout
are hilarious throughout .
are just enough twists in the tale to make it far more satisfying than almost any horror film in recent memory .
are just interesting enough to make a sinner
are flawless
are flawless .
are good sparring partners
are good sparring partners .
vehicle to adore the star
emotionally rich , poetically plump and visually fulsome
emotionally rich
emotionally assertive
emotional truth
minor classic
of its excessive moral baggage thanks to two appealing lead performances
of intimate and character-driven film
of intimate and character-driven film that Bille August does best
've marveled at Disney 's rendering of water , snow , flames and shadows in a hand-drawn animated world
A compelling story of musical passion against governmental odds
for Happiness
for Griffiths ' warm and winning central performance
daring and surprising
daring and verve
of the dramatic conviction that underlies the best of comedies
so smart
if they were tales that had been handed down since the beginning of time
if not more so ,
makes Chaplin 's City Lights
ah
to show some presence and star quality
It 's a compelling and horrifying story , and
guest appearance
moody , oozing , chilling and heart-warming
moral favorite
morality tale
The movie has lots of dancing and fabulous music . There are slow and repetitive parts , but
The movie has lots of dancing and fabulous music . There are slow and repetitive parts ,
The film is painfully authentic , and the performances of the young players are utterly convincing
some entertainment value - how much depends on how well you like Chris Rock
made a point or two regarding life
made by the smartest kids in class
its leaden acting , dull exposition
a Wonderful Life marathons
a Wonderful Life marathons and bored with A Christmas Carol , it might just be the movie you 're looking for .
Serious movie-goers embarking upon this journey
indulgent
indicates real talent .
indicates
indicates real talent
indeed a duty of art to reflect life
indie of the year , so far .
indie of the year , so far
indie of the year ,
indie of the year
indie comedy
indispensable
s face is chillingly unemotive , yet he communicates a great deal in his performance
tasty balance
taps into genuine artistic befuddlement , and at the same time presents a scathing indictment of what drives Hollywood .
taps into genuine artistic befuddlement , and at the same time
tapped something in himself as an actor that provides Frailty with its dark soul
It 's a feel-good movie about which you can actually feel good .
is playful but highly studied and dependent for its success on a patient viewer .
is pleasingly emphatic in this properly intense , claustrophobic tale of obsessive love
is pleasingly emphatic in this properly intense , claustrophobic tale of obsessive love .
is plenty of fun for all
is plenty of fun for all .
is predictable in the reassuring manner of a beautifully sung holiday carol
The stars may be college kids , but the subject matter is as adult as you can get : the temptations of the flesh are unleashed by a slightly crazed , overtly determined young woman
in private
gutsy and perfectly
The story 's scope and pageantry
writer and director Burr Steers knows the territory
guts and crazy beasts stalking men with guns though ... you will likely enjoy this monster .
of a new teen-targeted action TV series
strong themes of familial ties and spirituality that are powerful and moving without stooping to base melodrama
to Ram Dass
degrading and strangely liberating
exotic-looking
the courage of New York 's finest and a nicely understated expression of the grief
about E . T
about Reign of Fire . Great dragons
graceful dual narrative
struck less by its lavish grandeur
the greatest date movies
much power
much more than
the greatest date movies in years
that is really funny
that is revelatory
that is splendidly mummified and thoroughly
can start looking good
fiendishly cunning that even the most jaded cinema audiences will leave the auditorium feeling dizzy , confused , and totally disorientated . Not to mention absolutely refreshed .
All in all , an interesting look at the life of the campaign-trail press , especially ones that do n't really care for the candidate they 're forced to follow .
All in all , it 's a pretty good execution of a story that 's a lot richer than the ones Hollywood action screenwriters usually come up with on their own .
All leather pants & augmented boobs , Hawn is hilarious as she tries to resuscitate the fun-loving libertine lost somewhere inside the conservative , handbag-clutching Sarandon .
All of it works smoothly under the direction of Spielberg , who does a convincing impersonation here of a director enjoying himself immensely .
All right , so it 's not a brilliant piece of filmmaking , but it is a funny ( sometimes hilarious ) comedy with a deft sense of humor about itself , a playful spirit and a game cast .
that peace is possible
its subtle , supportive but unsentimental look at the Marks family
its stirring epilogue
its stirring epilogue in post-Soviet Russia
its ribald humor and touching nostalgia
its ribald humor and touching nostalgia are sure to please anyone in search of a Jules and Jim for the new millennium .
As home movie gone haywire , it 's pretty enjoyable
As commander-in-chief of this film , Bigelow demonstrates a breadth of vision and an attention to detail that propels her into the upper echelons of the directing world .
As chilling and fascinating as Philippe Mora 's modern Hitler-study , Snide and Prejudice .
As chilling and fascinating as Philippe Mora 's modern Hitler-study
As banal as the telling may be -- and at times , All My Loved Ones more than flirts with kitsch -- the tale commands attention .
As animation increasingly emphasizes the computer and the cool , this is a film that takes a stand in favor of tradition and warmth .
keeps arising that the movie will live up to the apparent skills of its makers and the talents of its actors
keep you engaged
even the most elemental literacy , an inkling of genuine wit ,
a string of ensemble cast romances recently
a strong and unforced supporting cast
infectious exuberance
greatly moving
with morality
grandeur and scale to satisfy as grown-up escapism
gratifying
grasped its essence , composing a sorrowful and hilarious tone poem about alienated labor , or an absurdist workplace sitcom
great meet-cute gimmick
great Bond movie
greatest romantic comedies
greatest asset
redeems it
that underlies the best of comedies
An impeccable study
An impeccable study in perversity .
An important movie
An important movie ,
An important movie , a reminder of the power of film to move us and to make us examine our values
An important movie , a reminder of the power of film to move us and to make us examine our values .
An infectious cultural fable with a tasty balance
An infectious cultural fable with a tasty balance of family drama and frenetic comedy
An intense and effective film
are actually fascinating
are all more than competent
these bromides would be barely enough to sustain an interstitial program on the Discovery Channel . But in Imax 3-D , the clichés disappear into the vertiginous perspectives opened up by the photography .
believability
believability to its limits
being the funniest movie of the year
believe it 's the only way to bring happiness to their loved ones
believe much of it
delivers more goodies
delivers more goodies than lumps of coal
delivers more goodies than lumps of coal .
see this , the final part of the ` qatsi ' trilogy , directed by Godfrey Reggio , with music
see the movie
see the forest for the trees
It 's not like having a real film of Nijinsky , but at least it 's better than that eponymous 1980 biopic that used soap in the places where the mysteries lingered .
've never seen the deep like you see it in these harrowing surf shots
've seen a movie instead of an endless trailer
've told a nice little story in the process
altered
alternate sexuality
, the improbable `` Formula 51 '' is somewhat entertaining
to investigate
to its clever what-if concept
to its proper home
the emotion or timelessness of Disney 's great past
the emotion or timelessness of Disney 's great past ,
the emotion or timelessness of Disney 's great past , or
eating , sleeping and stress-reducing
easy to swallow thanks to remarkable performances by Ferrera and Ontiveros
encompassing
encouraging effort
beautifully designed
beautifully detailed performances
beautiful canvas
beautiful film to watch
beautiful movement and inside information
beautiful outer-space documentary Space Station 3D
beautiful scene
beautiful than either of those films
beautifully choreographed
beautifully choreographed kitchen ballet
picture-perfect beach
the most oddly honest Hollywood document
the most oddly honest Hollywood document of all
the most entertaining Bonds
the most entertaining Bonds in years
the most enchanting film
the most enchanting film of the year
the most magical and most fun family fare
the most magical and most fun family fare of this or any recent holiday season
the most genuinely sweet films
the most good-hearted yet sensual entertainment
capable cast
capability to soothe and break your heart with a single stroke
capitalize on the popularity of Vin Diesel , Seth Green and Barry Pepper .
, the characters move with grace and panache
, the capable Clayburgh and Tambor really do a great job of anchoring the characters in the emotional realities of middle age .
, the essence of a great one is in there somewhere .
, the documentary gives an especially poignant portrait of her friendship with the never flagging legal investigator David Presson .
a satisfyingly unsettling ride
ravishing costumes , eye-filling ,
Blade II is more enjoyable than the original .
funny performers
funny moment
funny and light
a particularly good film
a rounded and revealing overview of this ancient holistic healing system
these characters ' foibles a timeless and unique perspective
there will be plenty of female audience members drooling over Michael Idemoto as Michael
lies in the ease with which it integrates thoughtfulness and pasta-fagioli comedy .
a half dozen
Goofy , nutty , consistently funny .
a halfway intriguing plot
Good-naturedly cornball sequel .
Good-naturedly
Good film , but very glum .
Good old-fashioned slash-and-hack is back !
Good fun , good action , good acting , good dialogue , good pace , good cinematography .
seen as hip , winking social commentary
comic gem
comfortably into her skin
coming-of-age drama
shows the promise of digital filmmaking
a ride , basically the kind of greatest-hits reel that might come with a subscription to ESPN the Magazine
a ride , basically
a ripper of a yarn and
a ripper of a yarn and I for one enjoyed the thrill of the chill .
a ripper of a yarn and I for one enjoyed the thrill of the chill
this modest little number
of just how exciting and satisfying the fantasy cinema can be when it 's approached with imagination and flair .
of just how exciting and satisfying the fantasy cinema can be when it 's approached with imagination and flair
of justice
via Kirsten Dunst 's remarkable performance
vibrant creative instincts
very well-made , funny and entertaining picture
also has a strong dramatic and emotional pull that gradually sneaks up on the audience
also has many of the things that made the first one charming
also heartwarming without stooping to gooeyness
also leaves you intriguingly contemplative .
also reminds us of our own responsibility to question what is told as the truth
easily
easily accessible stories that resonate with profundity
easily accessible stories
ease and confidence
is someone you want to see again .
ebullient
spontaneous intimacy
spontaneity in its execution and
showtime is a fine-looking film with a bouncy score and a clutch of lively songs for deft punctuation
showtime is a fine-looking film with a bouncy score and a clutch of lively songs for deft punctuation .
spontaneity in its execution
go anywhere new ,
glorious , gaudy benefit
of this reactionary thriller
is an effective and claustrophobic thriller
is almost spooky in her sulky , calculating Lolita turn .
of these young women
juiced with enough energy and excitement
juiced with enough energy and excitement for at least three films
juiced
is a sophisticated , funny and good-natured treat , slight but a pleasure .
is a sophisticated , funny and good-natured treat , slight but a pleasure
proves he 's quite a talented director and Sam Rockwell shows us
is a startling film that gives you a fascinating , albeit depressing view of Iranian rural life close to the Iraqi border .
for the character at all stages of her life
that Hong Kong action cinema is still alive and kicking
that Chin 's film serves up with style and empathy
is a triumph for its maverick director
There 's no conversion effort , much of the writing is genuinely witty and both stars are appealing enough to probably have a good shot at a Hollywood career , if they want one .
deftly setting off uproarious humor with an underlying seriousness that sneaks up on the viewer , providing an experience that is richer than anticipated .
for the most part , credible
There 's no conversion effort , much of the writing is genuinely witty and
There 's no conversion effort , much of the writing is genuinely witty
a charmer
if you liked the previous movies in the series , you 'll have a good time with this one too
if you liked the previous movies in the series
A chilling movie
the popularity of Vin Diesel , Seth Green and Barry Pepper
the positive change in tone here seems to have recharged him .
the plot at all times
A chilling movie without oppressive
pleasurable , featherweight charm
pleasantly in its own way
playfulness and excitement
pleasant enough comedy
pleasantly
pleasant romantic comedy .
is such a perfect medium for children , because of the way it allows the mind to enter and accept another world
is such a perfect medium for children ,
is such high-wattage brainpower coupled with pitch-perfect acting and an exquisite , unfakable sense of cinema
is such a sweet and sexy film
is such a perfect medium for children
is such a mesmerizing one
Pray turns the idea of the documentary on its head , making it rousing , invigorating fun lacking any MTV puffery .
is suitable summer entertainment
is such high-wattage brainpower coupled with pitch-perfect acting and an exquisite , unfakable sense of cinema .
A full world
a core
A fine film
A first-class road movie
A first-class road movie that proves you
A first-class road movie that proves you can run away from home , but your ego
A first-class road movie that proves you can run away from home , but your ego and
A first-class road movie that proves you can run away from home , but your ego and all your problems go with you
A first-class road movie that proves you can run away from home , but your ego and all your problems go with you .
creates a visceral sense of its characters ' lives and conflicted emotions that carries it far above ... what could have been a melodramatic , Lifetime Channel-style anthology .
creates a visceral sense of its characters ' lives and conflicted emotions that carries it far above ... what could have been a melodramatic , Lifetime Channel-style anthology
that presents an interesting , even sexy premise
that plays things so nice
that powerhouse
that powerhouse of 19th-century prose
predecessors
intense experience
creatively
creative urge
powerful direction
jam-packed
jam-packed with literally bruising jokes . every five minutes or so
jam-packed with literally bruising jokes . every five minutes or so ,
jam-packed with literally bruising jokes . every five minutes or so , someone
jam-packed with literally bruising jokes . every five minutes or so , someone gets clocked
jam-packed with literally bruising jokes . every five minutes or so , someone gets clocked .
powerful and
powerful , accessible and funny
constantly frustrates our desire to know the ` truth ' about this man , while deconstructing the very format of the biography in a manner that Derrida would doubtless give his blessing to
contenders
lush , all-enveloping movie experience
lyrical and celebratory
lyrical and celebratory vision
luminous interviews and amazingly evocative film from three decades ago
luscious
of our most flamboyant female comics
Few films have captured the chaos of an urban conflagration with such fury , and audience members will leave feeling as shaken as Nesbitt 's Cooper looks when the bullets stop flying
It 's ) a clever thriller with enough unexpected twists to keep our interest .
any true film addict will want to check
any true film addict
Fessenden continues to do interesting work , and it would be nice to see what he could make with a decent budget
greater sense
great visual stylists
greater beause director
great time
great power , yet some members of the audience
great summer fun to watch Arnold and his buddy Gerald bounce off a quirky cast of characters
great power ,
great power , yet
's a wickedly subversive bent to the best parts of Birthday Girl
's a technically superb film , shining with all the usual Spielberg flair , expertly utilizing the talents of his top-notch creative team .
's a work by an artist
's a wickedly subversive bent to the best parts of Birthday Girl .
's a work by an artist so in control of both his medium and his message that he can improvise like a jazzman
's a work by an artist so in control of both his medium and his message
's a work of enthralling drama
's a work by an artist so in control of both his medium and his message that he can improvise like a jazzman .
's a worthy entry in the French coming-of-age genre
with human kindness and hopefulness
with it
with interesting conflicted characters
qualify as revolutionary
puts Washington , as honest working man John Q. Archibald , on a pedestal , then keeps lifting the pedestal higher
French to truly capture the terrifying angst of the modern working man without turning the film into a cheap thriller , a dumb comedy or a sappy melodrama
Frequent flurries of creative belly laughs
Frequent flurries of creative belly laughs and genuinely enthusiastic performances
Frequent flurries of creative belly laughs and
Fresh
Frequent flurries of creative belly laughs and genuinely enthusiastic performances ... keep the movie slaloming through its hackneyed elements with enjoyable ease .
much colorful eye candy , including the spectacle of Gere in his dancing shoes , hoofing and crooning with the best of them
much colorful eye candy , including the spectacle of Gere in his dancing shoes ,
Roger Dodger is one of the most compelling variations on In the Company of Men .
the old saying goes , because it 's true
the occasional bursts of sharp writing
promises a new kind of high
admirable ambition
admire the ensemble players
Leguizamo and Jones are both excellent and
Leguizamo and Jones are both excellent
a therapeutic zap of shock treatment
a text to ` lick
that it truly is romance
that keeps you guessing at almost every turn
that makes the formula fresh again
that makes all the difference .
packed with just as much intelligence
packed with moments out of an Alice
a watch that makes time go faster rather than
supremely good natured
supremely good
Seagal , who looks more like Danny Aiello these days
heart-warming
This cuddly sequel
This concoction , so bizarre to the adult mind , is actually a charming triumph where its intended under-12 audience is concerned .
This cuddly sequel to the 1999 hit is a little more visually polished , a little funnier , and a little more madcap .
This cuddly sequel to the 1999 hit
This ecologically minded , wildlife friendly film teaches good ethics while entertaining with its unconventionally wacky but loving family
This ecologically minded , wildlife friendly film
Pink Floyd tickets
by a talented director
Should be required viewing for civics classes and would-be public servants alike
Shot in rich , shadowy black-and-white , Devils chronicles , with increasingly amused irony , the relationship between reluctant captors and befuddled captives .
Showtime is a fine-looking film with a bouncy score and a clutch of lively songs for deft punctuation .
Shrek
Showtime the most savory and hilarious guilty pleasure of many a recent movie season
Shyamalan 's gifts
shining star
has its share of high points
has just enough charm and good acting to make it interesting
has just enough charm and good acting to make it interesting ,
has its merits
love Motown music
turns out to be significantly different ( and better ) than most films with this theme
turns out to be another winning star vehicle
There 's something with potential here
threefold expansion
to the film 's music
to the divine calling of education and a demonstration of the painstaking
loved Cool as Ice
to the edge of your seat
a more colorful , more playful tone than his other films
wondrously
Cinematic poetry
Cinematic poetry showcases the city 's old-world charm before machines change nearly everything .
would have a good time here
an enjoyable trifle
an enjoyable choice for younger kids
her love
an engrossing story about a horrifying historical event and
an engrossing story about a horrifying historical event
serious read
serious sense
as it does because ( the leads ) are such a companionable couple
as it is Schmidt 's , no matter if it 's viewed as a self-reflection or cautionary tale
serious sparkles
achieves its emotional power and moments of revelation with restraint and a delicate ambiguity .
achieving the modest , crowd-pleasing goals it sets for itself
ace Japanimator Hayao Miyazaki 's Spirited Away
achieve a shock-you-into-laughter intensity of almost Dadaist proportions
achieve the popularity of My Big Fat Greek Wedding
achieves its emotional power and moments of revelation
achieves its emotional power and moments of revelation with restraint and a delicate ambiguity
has just enough spice to keep it interesting
The story and
I can state that Kissing Jessica Stein may be the best same-sex romance I have seen .
A film neither bitter nor sweet , neither romantic nor comedic , neither warm nor fuzzy .
revigorates the mind to see a feature that concentrates on people , a project in which the script and characters hold sway
been a confusing and horrifying vision into an intense and engrossing head-trip
becoming a better person through love
Myers
Myers is no longer simply spoofing the mini-mod-madness of '60s spy movies
Más
Naipaul 's lively mix
Naipaul 's lively mix of characters from the page
fetishism . It is a movie about passion
festival
artsy
artsy and
is one occasion when they have unearthed a rare gem
is one for the ages
( Fiji diver Rusi Vulakoro and the married couple Howard and Michelle Hall ) show us the world they love and make us love it , too .
is not only than a frighteningly capable debut and genre piece , but also a snapshot of a dangerous political situation on the verge of coming to a head .
is not only than a frighteningly capable debut and genre piece , but also a snapshot of a dangerous political situation on the verge of coming to a head
retains a soft spot for precollegiate humor
revealing and richly entertaining
reveals unexpected depths as an actor
reveals his characters in a way that intrigues and even fascinates us
even like
An engrossing portrait
An engrossing and infectiously enthusiastic documentary .
An engrossing and infectiously enthusiastic documentary
An engrossing and grim portrait of hookers : what they think of themselves and their clients .
An engrossing and grim portrait of hookers : what they think of themselves and their clients
An engrossing and grim portrait of hookers
An engrossing and grim portrait
An engrossing portrait of a man whose engaging manner and flamboyant style made him a truly larger-than-life character .
An engrossing portrait of a man whose engaging manner and flamboyant style made him a truly larger-than-life character
a hint of joy
a hint of humor
a high enough level of invention
a highly ambitious and personal project
a hilarious adventure
a few nifty twists that are so crucial to the genre and another first-rate performance by top-billed star Bruce Willis
a fierce dance
a fierce dance of destruction . Its flame-like
can see without feeling embarrassed
can see the forest for the trees
can rise to fans ' lofty expectations
can rest contentedly with the knowledge that he 's made at least one damn fine horror movie
McCoist , the players
Give credit to everyone from Robinson down to the key grip
Give credit to everyone from Robinson down to the key grip that this bold move works
Give credit to everyone from Robinson down to the key grip that this bold move works .
has plenty of laughs .
has plenty of laughs
be both hugely entertaining and uplifting
be as naturally charming as it needs to be
has some nice twists but the ending
has some entertainment value - how much depends on how well you like Chris Rock .
be called the best Korean film of 2002
be caught in a heady whirl of New Age-inspired good intentions
John Turturro , who 's simply fab as a Spanish butler with a foot fetish
there is no doubt that Krawczyk deserves a huge amount of the credit for the film 's thoroughly winning tone .
acceptable ,
exceptionally well-written , well-edited , well-directed , well-acted , bald rip-off
allying you
exceptionally well-written , well-edited , well-directed , well-acted , bald
will love this movie
it 's a work that , with humor , warmth , and intelligence , captures a life interestingly lived .
it 's actually watchable
it 's a very very strong `` B + . ''
it 's a sit down and ponder affair
solid cast
bubbly
the best since The Last Waltz
the best possible senses of both those words
the best possible ways
It 's a brilliant , honest performance by Nicholson , but
It 's a brilliant , honest performance by Nicholson , but the film is an agonizing bore except when the fantastic Kathy Bates turns up . Bravado Kathy !
Lee 's achievement
solid execution
is that Rob Schneider actually turns in a pretty convincing performance as a prissy teenage girl
is that I ca n't wait to see what the director does next .
is that I ca n't wait to see what the director does next
is that Caruso takes an atypically hypnotic approach to a world that 's often handled in fast-edit , hopped-up fashion
the end an honorable
the end an honorable ,
the end it 's as sweet as Greenfingers
from both a great and a terrible story , mr . nelson has made a film that is an undeniably worthy and devastating experience
from a groundbreaking endeavor
from a renowned indian film culture that allows americans to finally revel in its splendor
from both a great and a terrible story , mr . nelson
grand picture
graphic treatment
Aptly
April
such talent
First World
First-time writer-director Serry shows a remarkable gift for storytelling with this moving , effective little film .
A knowing sense of humor and a lot of warmth
tackled a meaty subject
A hugely rewarding experience that 's every bit as enlightening , insightful and entertaining as Grant 's two best films -- Four Weddings and a Funeral and Bridget Jones 's Diary .
A hugely rewarding experience that 's every bit as enlightening , insightful and entertaining as Grant 's two best films -- Four Weddings and a Funeral and Bridget Jones 's Diary
A knowing sense of humor
A hugely rewarding experience
A highly spirited , imaginative kid 's movie that broaches neo-Augustinian theology : Is God stuck in Heaven because He 's afraid of His best-known creation ?
A hugely rewarding experience that 's every bit as enlightening , insightful and entertaining as Grant 's two best films --
A hugely rewarding experience that 's every bit as enlightening , insightful and entertaining as Grant 's two best films
the screenplay , but rather
trying to create something original
is a monumental achievement
certainly more naturalistic than its australian counterpart
celebrated
catches you up in something bigger than yourself
May be spoofing an easy target -- those old '50 's giant creature features -- but
May be spoofing an easy target -- those old '50 's giant creature features -- but ... it acknowledges and celebrates their cheesiness as the reason why people get a kick out of watching them today .
inspiring tale
inspiration and ambition
inspiration and
insightful moments .
insightful moments
inside it he 's well worth spending some time with
most delightful moments
of Bewitched that takes place during Spring Break
most delightful
by Griffin 's smartly nuanced performance and enthusiasm
by Schweig , who carries the film on his broad , handsome shoulders
originality of plot
original hit movie
original cartoon
original is its content , look , and style
With a romantic comedy plotline straight from the ages , this Cinderella story does n't have a single surprise up its sleeve . But it does somehow manage to get you under its spell .
With each of her three protagonists , Miller eloquently captures the moment when a woman 's life , out of a deep-seated , emotional need , is about to turn onto a different path .
With Dirty Deeds , David Caesar has stepped into the mainstream of filmmaking with an assurance worthy of international acclaim and with every cinematic tool well under his control -- driven by a natural sense for what works on screen .
With a romantic comedy plotline straight from the ages
With Rabbit-Proof Fence , Noyce has tailored an epic tale into a lean , economical movie .
With or without the sex , a wonderful tale of love and destiny
an evocative , accurate observation of a distinctive milieu
an evocative , accurate observation
an exceptional thriller
an exceptionally well-written , well-edited , well-directed , well-acted , bald rip-off
an exquisite motion picture in its own right
an exquisite motion picture
most enchanting film
heart ,
resulted in a smoother , more focused narrative without sacrificing any of the cultural intrigue
most edgy piece
There 's a vastness implied in Metropolis that is just breathtaking .
The unique tug-of-war with viewer expectations is undeniable , if not a pleasure in its own right .
The whole cast looks to be having so much fun with the slapstick antics and silly street patois , tossing around obscure expressions like Bellini and Mullinski , that the compact 86 minutes breezes by .
The tug of war that ensues is as much a snapshot of modern China in microcosm as it is a crash course in movie mythology .
Drug abuse , infidelity and death are n't usually comedy fare , but Turpin 's film allows us to chuckle through the angst
Drug abuse , infidelity and death are n't usually comedy fare , but Turpin 's film allows us to chuckle through the angst .
returns with a chase to end all chases
she 's that rare luminary who continually raises the standard of her profession
the pure adrenalin
the punk kids ' revolution
if that 's not too glorified a term
thriller with enough unexpected twists
thrill you , touch you and
thrill you , touch you and make you
thrill you ,
thrill you , touch you
thrill you
thriller with enough unexpected twists to keep our interest
thrillingly
, being about nothing is sometimes funnier than being about something
, beautifully realized
, because of its heightened , well-shaped dramas , twice as powerful
offers some flashy twists and
offers some flashy twists
offers a ray of hope to the refugees able to look ahead and resist living in a past
offers a ray of hope
offers big , fat , dumb laughs that may make you hate yourself for giving in . ah , what the hell
offers big , fat , dumb laughs that may make you hate yourself for giving in . ah , what the hell .
It 's probably worth catching solely on its visual merits .
a way to bend current technique to the service of a vision of the past that is faithful to both architectural glories and commanding open spaces of the city as it was more than two centuries ago
a way that seems compelling and even original
a warm invitation into an unfamiliar world
a warm invitation
a warm glow
a way that makes your spine tingle with revelation and excitement
a way that intrigues and even fascinates us
a way of infecting the entire crowd as the film rolls on
n't put down
n't stop me from enjoying much of it
n't wait to see what they do next
n't it great
n't know precisely what to make of Steven Soderbergh 's Full Frontal , though that did n't stop me from enjoying much of it
freshness , imagination and insight
freshness and
freshness and modesty
freshness and spirit
fresh-faced , big-hearted and frequently funny thrill
freshly painted Rembrandt
emotionally engrossing
emotional , though still positive , wrench
emotional , though still positive ,
improves
improved upon the first and taken it a step further , richer and deeper
improved upon the first and
improved upon the first
impressive talent
impressive style
impressive stagings
empathetic caretakers
! Wow
! Zoom !
a part of its fun
If you answered yes , by all means enjoy The New Guy .
If you are curious to see the darker side of what 's going on with young TV actors ( Dawson Leery did what ?!? ) , or see some interesting storytelling devices , you might want to check it out
aspiration
meaningful
asking of us
A film of delicate interpersonal dances . Caine makes us watch as his character awakens to the notion that to be human is eventually to have to choose .
makes a fine backdrop
Zhuangzhuang creates delicate balance of style , text , and subtext that 's so simple and precise that anything discordant would topple the balance ,
conventional but heartwarming
conventional but heartwarming tale
conventional direction to give the film a soul and an unabashed sense of good old-fashioned escapism
convey a strong sense of the girls ' environment
Zhuangzhuang creates delicate balance of style , text , and subtext that 's so simple and precise that anything discordant would topple the balance
genuine ones
genuine narrative
genuinely worthwhile
clarity and deeply
genuinely pretty .
gesturing
a tenacious , humane fighter who was also the prisoner ( and ultimately the victim ) of history
a tenacious , humane fighter
a terrific job
a terrific performance in this fascinating portrait of a modern Lothario
that contains some hefty thematic material on time , death , eternity , and what
acquainted with the tiniest details of Tom Hanks ' face
necessary and timely one
necessarily with us
necessary and timely
need a playful respite
While you have to admit it 's semi-amusing to watch Robert DeNiro belt out '' When you 're a Jet
While you have to admit it 's semi-amusing to watch Robert DeNiro belt out '' When you 're a Jet , you 're a Jet all the way
This amiable picture talks tough , but it 's all bluster -- in the end it 's as sweet as Greenfingers
This amiable picture
working properly
works -
This amiable picture talks tough , but it 's all bluster -- in the end it 's as sweet as Greenfingers ...
as he creates
as grand as The Lord of the Rings
as good as you remember .
as good as the original
as good as The Full Monty , but a really strong second effort .
as good as The Full Monty , but a really strong second effort
an important message to tell
W . Bush
Visually
Visually imaginative
Vividly
Vividly conveys both the pitfalls and the pleasures of over-the-top love .
Visually imaginative , thematically instructive and thoroughly delightful
Visually imaginative , thematically instructive and thoroughly delightful , it takes us on a roller-coaster ride from innocence to experience without even a hint of that typical kiddie-flick sentimentality .
has constructed this motion picture in such a way that even the most cynical curmudgeon with find himself or herself smiling at one time or another .
has constructed this motion picture in such a way that even the most cynical curmudgeon with find himself or herself smiling at one time or another
has created a tour de force that is weird , wacky and wonderful
has created a masterful piece of artistry right here
has been transformed into the stronger of the two films by the thinnest of margins .
has been transformed into the stronger of the two films by the thinnest of margins
has clearly been made with affection and care
has created a tour de force that is weird , wacky and wonderful .
, and ably captures the speech patterns , moral codes and ideals of the 1940s .
truth stranger than fiction ?
truth and fiction are equally strange , and his for the taking .
trusts the story it sets out to tell
trusts the story it sets out to tell .
trumpet blast that there may be a New Mexican Cinema a-bornin ' .
what makes it worthwhile
what keeps this slightly disappointing sequel going , with enough amusing banter -- blessedly curse-free -- to keep both kids and parents entertained
what makes it irresistible
what really makes it special is that it pulls us into its world , gives us a hero whose suffering and triumphs we can share , surrounds him with interesting characters and sends us out of the theater feeling
what really makes it special is that it pulls us into its world , gives us a hero whose suffering and triumphs we can share , surrounds him with interesting characters and sends us out of the theater feeling we 've shared a great adventure .
what movies are supposed to be
what really makes it special
what summer screen escapism used to be in the decades when it was geared more to grownups
, and because the owners seem fully aware of the uses and abuses of fame , it 's a pleasure to enjoy their eccentricities .
Offers enough playful fun to entertain the preschool set while embracing a wholesome attitude .
Offers enough playful
Off the Hook 's buildup with remarkable assuredness for a first-timer
Offers an unusual opportunity to observe the inequities in the death penalty , not just the inherent immorality but also the haphazard administration of it and public misperception of how the whole thing works
Often hilarious , well-shot and , importantly , entertaining
a fine-looking film with a bouncy score and a clutch of lively songs for deft punctuation
a fine-looking film with a bouncy score and
a fine-looking
a fine-looking film with a bouncy score
a fine-looking film
backbone
balances both traditional or modern stories together in a manner that one never overwhelms the other . something for everyone
that revives the free-wheeling noir spirit of old French cinema
that seems tailor
that seem so real in small doses
soothe and break
Terrific performances , great to look at , and funny
Tends to pile too many `` serious issues '' on its plate at times , yet remains fairly light , always entertaining , and smartly written .
Graphic sex may be what 's attracting audiences to Unfaithful , but gripping performances by Lane and Gere are what will keep them awake
Great American Comedy
Graphic sex may be what 's attracting audiences to Unfaithful , but gripping performances by Lane and Gere are what will keep them awake .
Greg Kinnear gives a mesmerizing performance as a full-fledged sex addict who is in complete denial about his obsessive behavior .
is one of the best actors there is .
is one of Mr. Chabrol 's subtlest works , but also one of his most uncanny .
is one of Mr. Chabrol 's subtlest works , but also one of his most uncanny
is one of the rare directors who feels acting is the heart and soul of cinema
( Wendigo is ) why we go to the cinema : to be fed through the eye , the heart , the mind .
openness , the little surprises
openness ,
opened it up for all of us to understand
opened it up for all of us
works so well for the first 89 minutes ,
Precocious smarter-than-thou wayward teen
Precocious smarter-than-thou wayward teen struggles to rebel against his oppressive , right-wing , propriety-obsessed family .
Prepare to marvel again .
and borrowed materials is as much fun as it must have been for them to make it
and best of all
and at times exhilarating movie a great yarn
and bracing
lots of cool stuff packed into ESPN 's Ultimate X.
lots of cute animals and clumsy people
lots of dancing and fabulous music
Shanghai Ghetto may not be as dramatic as Roman Polanski 's The Pianist , but its compassionate spirit soars every bit as high
my great pleasure
when they were high
Greenlight '' winner
Greenlight
exporing sexual politics and the challenges of friendships between women
exporing sexual politics and the challenges of friendships between women .
is working properly .
is worth a look
is worth a look ,
is worth a look , if you do n't demand much more than a few cheap thrills from your Halloween entertainment
is worthwhile for reminding us that this sort of thing does , in fact , still happen in America
is wry and engrossing .
is your film .
lifetime milestones
lifting the pedestal higher
goes by quickly
the dark visions already relayed by superb
, but worth seeing for Ambrose 's performance .
initially succeeds by allowing itself to go crazy ,
, clarity and emotional
, colorful , action-filled crime story
, captivating film
inhabit their roles
initially succeeds by allowing itself to go crazy
initial high
aspires to be more than another '' Best Man '' clone by weaving a theme throughout this funny film .
able to make an impact in the theater world
about acceptance and growth
simply the most fun you 'll ever have with a documentary
go-for-broke
Oscar-sweeping franchise predecessor
Oscar-winners
Oscar-winning sound
Oscar-worthy
Oscar Wilde 's masterpiece , The Importance of Being Earnest
Oscar Wilde 's masterpiece , The Importance of Being Earnest ,
Oscar Wilde 's masterpiece , The Importance of Being Earnest , may be the best play of the 19th century . It 's so good that its relentless , polished wit can withstand not only inept school productions , but even Oliver Parker 's movie adaptation .
Oscar-sweeping
a statement and issue worthy
Every dance becomes about seduction , where backstabbing and betrayals are celebrated ,
Even the digressions are funny .
first-rate , especially Sorvino
first-rate performance
first-class , thoroughly involving
first-rate
first-time director Denzel Washington and a top-notch cast
first-time director Denzel Washington and a top-notch cast manage to keep things interesting .
good-natured and never dull
good-natured ensemble comedy
good-for-you
good-for-you quality
is popular and powerful
is nurturing
is so resolutely
is so relentlessly harmless that it almost wins you over in the end
would be forgettable if it were n't such a clever adaptation of the bard 's tragic play
go to Grant , who has n't lost a bit of the dry humor that first made audiences on both sides of the Atlantic love him
go unnoticed and underappreciated
to be considered as a possible successor to the best European directors
worthy of the price of a ticket
true creativity
hugely imaginative and successful casting to its great credit , as well as
hugely imaginative and successful casting to its great credit ,
hugely imaginative and successful casting to its great credit
hugely imaginative and successful casting
hugely imaginative and successful
hugely entertaining and uplifting
hugely entertaining and
hugely entertaining
human drama
hugely imaginative and successful casting to its great credit , as well as one terrific score and attitude to spare
invaluable service
inventive action sequences
inventive and mordantly humorous
introspective and entertaining
introspective portrait
invaluable historical document thanks
inventive moments
friend
fresh
freely
syncopated style
not to grow up to be greedy
two marvelous performances
two marvelous performances by Michael Caine and Brendan Fraser
truly moving experience
truly excellent sequences
truly moving
turns the idea of the documentary on its head , making it rousing , invigorating fun lacking any MTV puffery
turns the idea of the documentary on its head , making it rousing , invigorating fun lacking any MTV puffery .
turns in a snappy screenplay that curls at the edges
approaches his difficult , endless work with remarkable serenity and discipline
archly funny
who appropriated turfs as they found them and become self-made celebrity athletes
dialogue and likeable characters
dialogue and inventive moments
dialog between realistic characters showing honest emotions
devote time to see it
The concept is a hoot .
The connected stories of Breitbart and Hanussen are actually fascinating ,
The connected stories of Breitbart and Hanussen are actually fascinating
provocative film
Boll uses a lot of quick cutting and blurry step-printing to goose things up ,
The Porky
warm as it is wise
warm your heart
for this illuminating comedy
A strangely stirring experience that finds warmth in the coldest environment and makes each crumb of emotional comfort feel like a 10-course banquet .
A strong and confident work
A strong and confident work which works so well for the first 89 minutes , but ends so horrendously confusing in the final two
A strong first act
A strong first act and
A strong first act and absolutely , inescapably gorgeous , skyscraper-trapeze motion of the amazing Spider-Man
A strong first act and absolutely , inescapably gorgeous , skyscraper-trapeze motion of the amazing Spider-Man .
A strong script
light on the screen
noble and lofty ambitions
by a gritty style and an excellent cast
by a basic , credible compassion
more than make up for its logical loopholes , which fly by so fast there 's no time to think about them anyway .
more than makes up for in drama , suspense , revenge , and romance
more than makes up for in drama , suspense , revenge , and romance .
more than merely a Holocaust movie
dramatically satisfying
dramatically satisfying heroine
wait till you see Maid in Manhattan .
wait till you see Maid in Manhattan
is a solid performance by Arliss Howard
should be credited to Dennis Quaid , in fighting trim shape as an athlete as well as an actor
is a succinct low-budget film whose compelling characters and intelligent script are exactly what was missing from Rabbit-Proof Fence
master class .
exceedingly memorable one
exceedingly memorable
exceedingly pleasant , designed
exceedingly memorable one for most people
matched the spirit of a man and his work
matinee price
A Walk to Remember is an inspirational love story , capturing the innocence and idealism of that first encounter .
A Walk to Remember '' succeeds through sincerity .
A Walk to Remember ''
A beautiful , timeless and universal tale of heated passions
A beautiful , timeless and universal tale
A beautiful , entertaining two hours . You get the idea , though , that Kapur intended the film to be more than that .
A beautiful
well and living
pull out all the stops in nearly every scene
A beautiful , timeless and universal tale of heated passions -- jealousy , betrayal , forgiveness and murder
A beautiful , timeless and universal tale of heated passions --
wit and hoopla
Some decent actors
wit and interesting characters
relatively lightweight commercial fare such as Notting Hill to commercial fare with real thematic heft .
relatively lightweight commercial fare such as Notting Hill to commercial
relationship and
to recognize that there are few things in this world more complex -- and , as it turns out , more fragile -- than happiness
both a necessary political work and a fascinating documentary
effective horror
effective portrait
effectively combines two surefire , beloved genres
effectiveness
effects , better acting and a hilarious Kenneth Branagh . An excellent sequel
efficiency and
efficiency and an affection for the period
of America , history and the awkwardness of human life
exceptionally well-acted
exceptionally charming
excites the imagination and tickles the funny bone
excites the imagination and
excites the imagination
excites
exciting plot
satisfying well-made
satisfying well-made romantic comedy
satisfying destination
satisfying niblet
satisfies with its moving story
satisfying conclusions
satisfied
It 's been done before but never so vividly or with so much passion .
I 'll put it this way : If you 're in the mood for a melodrama narrated by talking fish , this is the movie for you
I 'll settle for a nice cool glass of iced tea and
I 'll settle for a nice cool glass of iced tea and a Jerry Bruckheimer flick any day of the week
I 'm all for that
( Hayek ) throws herself into this dream Hispanic role with a teeth-clenching gusto , she strikes a potent chemistry with Molina and she gradually makes us believe she is Kahlo .
( Hayek ) throws herself into this dream Hispanic role with a teeth-clenching gusto , she strikes a potent chemistry with Molina and she gradually makes us believe she is Kahlo
( Hayek ) throws herself into this dream Hispanic role with a teeth-clenching gusto , she strikes a potent chemistry with Molina and
( Hayek ) throws herself into this dream Hispanic role with a teeth-clenching gusto , she strikes a potent chemistry with Molina
( It 's ) what punk rock music used to be ,
( It 's ) a clever thriller with enough unexpected twists to keep our interest .
( It 's ) what punk rock music used to be , and what the video medium could use more of : spirit , perception , conviction
( It 's ) what punk rock music used to be , and
to fairly judge a film like RINGU when you 've seen the remake first . Many of the effective horror elements are dampened through familiarity , ( yet ) are worthwhile
actors who are , generally speaking , adored by the movie-going public
a gracious , eloquent film that by its end offers a ray of hope to the refugees able to look ahead and resist living in a past
action\/effects on the spectacular scale
a great one
a great premise
this is still a nice little picture , made by bright and friendly souls with a lot of good cheer
this is still a nice little picture , made by bright and friendly souls with a lot of good cheer .
this is successful as a film , while at the same time being a most touching reconsideration of the familiar masterpiece .
this is a coming-of-age story with a twist
this is a terrific flick replete with dazzling camera-work , dancing and music .
this is one occasion when they have unearthed a rare gem
this is one occasion when they have unearthed a rare gem .
leftovers
fondly remembered in the endlessly challenging maze of moviegoing
stirring , funny
stirring ,
stirring visual sequence
stirring road movie .
stirs the emotions
big-hearted and frequently funny thrill
big twists
big summer movies
big-hearted
to the original Casey Kasem-furnished voice
the humor , characterization , poignancy , and intelligence
the hype , the celebrity ,
the Academy loves
the 1971 musical '' Bedknobs and Broomsticks
has a nearly terminal case of the cutes
has a great presence but one battle after another is not the same as one battle followed by killer CGI effects .
has a handful of smart jokes
might actually want to watch .
Even Murphy 's expert comic timing and
very light
the daddy of all slashers
very inspiring or insightful
very humble
is light and fun ...
has many of the things that made the first one charming
has n't lost his touch , bringing off a superb performance in an admittedly middling film
has proved important to him and is especially so in the finale
is a winner for kids , and no doubt a winner for Lil Bow Wow , who can now add movies to the list of things he does well .
is a winner for kids , and no doubt
is a wonderful movie
is a wonderful movie .
The Pianist ( is ) a supremely hopeful cautionary tale of war 's madness remembered that we , today , can prevent its tragic waste of life
a compelling journey ...
a compelling journey ... and
a compelling journey ... and ''
a blast of shallow magnificence
a bona-fide master ,
a budget affair that exposes the generally sad existence of the Bedouins while providing a precious twinkle of insight into their lives
a compelling journey ... and '' His Best Friend Remembers
fuelled DeVito 's early work
infinitely more grace and eloquence
with boundless energy
with beautiful , half-naked women
the testosterone-charged wizardry of Jerry Bruckheimer productions
Pull ( s ) off the rare trick of recreating not only the look of a certain era , but also the feel
the cozy feeling of relaxing around old friends
the cozy feeling
of high humidity
the courage of its convictions
the courage
of high hilarity
deserves to be seen by anyone with even a passing interest in the events shaping the world beyond their own horizons .
despite its overt self-awareness , parts of the movie still manage to break past the artifice and thoroughly engage you
family drama
famous love-jealousy
The vivid lead performances sustain interest and empathy ,
The vivid lead performances sustain interest and empathy , but
The vivid lead performances
The vivid lead performances sustain interest and empathy
The vitality of the actors
The vitality of the actors keeps the intensity of the film high , even as the strafings blend together .
The vitality
The vivid lead performances sustain interest and empathy , but the journey is far more interesting than the final destination
The vivid lead performances sustain interest and empathy , but the journey is far more interesting than the final destination .
may look cool
may marginally enjoy the film
impossibly long limbs
impossible , irrevocable choices
important political documentary
to see Robin Williams turn 180 degrees from the string of insultingly innocuous
blissfully exhausted
it also has many of the things that made the first one charming
it also treats the subject with fondness and respect
it also leaves you intriguingly contemplative .
it also has a strong dramatic and emotional pull that gradually sneaks up on the audience
it allows the mind to enter and accept another world
it also will win you over , in a big way
walked away from this new version of E . T . just as I hoped I would -- with moist eyes .
prettiest
good fight
good human
good documentary
good enough to be the purr
good chance
good documentarian
good as you remember .
good bark
good as The Full Monty , but a really strong second effort
good as the original
A movie that sends you out of the theater feeling like you 've actually spent time living in another community .
A movie that will thrill you , touch you and make you
A modestly made but profoundly moving documentary
A modestly made but profoundly moving documentary .
A modestly surprising movie
A modestly surprising movie .
A movie I loved on first sight and , even more important , love in remembrance .
workmanlike in the extreme
strolls
the charm of the original American road movies
expertly cast
, but because it is so accessible that it makes complex politics understandable to viewers looking for nothing but energetic entertainment
, but Seldahl and Wollter 's sterling performances raise this far above the level of the usual maudlin disease movie .
, the French-produced '' Read My Lips '' is a movie that understands characters must come first .
, but also surprisingly funny
is uniformly superb
is truth
a subtlety that is an object lesson in period filmmaking
a success
a successful adaptation and
a successful adaptation and an enjoyable film in its own right
a stunning fusion of music and images
a substantive movie
as sharp as ever
as sharp as ever , though they may be overshadowed by some strong performances
as they were simply a triumph of the indomitable human will to rebel , connect and create
as thought-provoking
top billing
to life in the performances
with remarkable skill
with so much passion
light romantic comedy , good gosh ,
a complex web
a complicated hero
lighten things up
enjoyed it just
enjoyed it
enjoyed Barbershop . It 's a funny little movie with clever dialogue and likeable characters
enjoys the Friday series
enjoyment to be had from films crammed with movie references
enjoyed it just as much
enlightenment
crisp psychological drama
It 's a fine , focused piece of work that reopens an interesting controversy and never succumbs to sensationalism .
It 's a fine , old-fashioned-movie movie , which is to say it 's unburdened by pretensions to great artistic significance .
over the head with a moral
over the bombastic self-glorification of other feel-good fiascos like Antwone Fisher or The Emperor 's Club any time
It 's a fairy tale that comes from a renowned Indian film culture that allows Americans to finally revel in its splendor .
It 's a familiar story , but one that is presented with great sympathy and intelligence .
's mostly a pleasure to watch
1995 's Forget Paris
and welfare centers
and well acted ... but admittedly problematic in its narrative specifics
feel for them
As lo-fi as the special effects are , the folks who cobbled Nemesis together indulge the force of humanity over hardware in a way that George Lucas has long forgotten .
and unforgettable characters
of its sweeping battle scenes
feel the pieces of the Star Wars saga falling into place in a way that makes your spine tingle with revelation and excitement .
feel the pieces of the Star Wars saga falling into place in a way that makes your spine tingle with revelation and excitement
princesses
to the French to truly capture the terrifying angst of the modern working man without turning the film into a cheap thriller , a dumb comedy or a sappy melodrama
The performances of the four main actresses bring their characters to life . A little melodramatic , but with enough hope to keep you engaged .
The performances are immaculate , with Roussillon providing comic relief .
The performances are an absolute joy .
The performances are strong , though the subject matter demands acting that borders on hammy at times .
this modern mob music drama
The philosophical musings of the dialogue jar against the tawdry soap opera antics of the film 's action in a way that is surprisingly enjoyable
enhances the quality of Neil Burger 's impressive fake documentary
enhances the quality of Neil Burger 's impressive fake documentary .
engrossing melodrama
enhances the excellent performances
engrossing and moving in its own right
engrossing entertainment
engrossing and different
engrossing and moving
As literary desecrations go , this makes for perfectly acceptable , occasionally very enjoyable children 's entertainment .
As quiet , patient and tenacious as Mr. Lopez himself , who approaches his difficult , endless work with remarkable serenity and discipline .
As relationships shift , director Robert J. Siegel allows the characters to inhabit their world without cleaving to a narrative arc .
As part of Mr. Dong 's continuing exploration of homosexuality in America , Family Fundamentals is an earnest study in despair .
As quiet , patient and tenacious as Mr. Lopez himself
a hot summer day
a very moving and revelatory footnote
a very moving and revelatory
Evelyn 's strong cast and surehanded direction
Evelyn 's strong cast and surehanded direction make for a winning , heartwarming yarn .
Even as it pays earnest homage to turntablists and beat jugglers , old schoolers and current innovators
Even as it pays earnest homage to turntablists and beat jugglers , old schoolers and current innovators , Scratch is great fun , full of the kind of energy it 's documenting .
Even bigger and more ambitious than the first installment
Even during the climactic hourlong cricket match , boredom never takes hold .
Bloody Sunday has the grace to call for prevention rather than to place blame , making it one of the best war movies ever made . It 's a movie that accomplishes so much that one viewing ca n't possibly be enough .
Bloody Sunday has the grace to call for prevention rather than to place blame , making it one of the best war movies ever made .
Blood Work is a strong , character-oriented piece .
Blue Crush thrillingly uses modern technology to take the viewer inside the wave .
There 's nothing exactly wrong here
be lovely
be intriguing
be labelled ` hip ' , ` innovative ' and ` realistic '
be intimate and socially encompassing
she is backed by a likable cast
shattering and featuring some of the year 's best acting
they do
that it 's funny
to give Blade fans another look at Wesley Snipes ' iconic hero doing battle with dozens of bad guys -- at once
to generate the belly laughs of lowbrow comedy without sacrificing its high-minded appeal
By and large this is Mr. Kilmer 's movie , and it 's his strongest performance since The Doors .
Playing a role of almost Bergmanesque intensity ... Bisset is both convincing and radiant
Playing a role of almost Bergmanesque intensity ... Bisset is both convincing and radiant .
Plummer steals the show without resorting to camp as Nicholas ' wounded and wounding Uncle Ralph . It 's a great performance and a reminder of Dickens ' grandeur .
Plutonium
Poignant Japanese epic
driven by appealing leads
able to look ahead and resist living in a past
drooling over Michael Idemoto as Michael
show the gentle and humane side of Middle Eastern world politics
Parker should be commended for taking a fresh approach to familiar material ,
Part of the film 's cheeky charm
Part of the film 's cheeky charm comes from its vintage schmaltz .
No Such Thing is sort of a minimalist Beauty and the Beast , but in this case the Beast should definitely get top billing .
'll have an idea of the film 's creepy , scary effectiveness
the truly good stuff
'll find it with Ring , an indisputably spooky film ; with a screenplay to die for
'll find yourself remembering this refreshing visit to a Sunshine State
A live-action cartoon , a fast-moving and cheerfully simplistic 88 minutes of exaggerated action put together with the preteen boy in mind .
A live-action cartoon , a fast-moving and cheerfully simplistic 88 minutes of exaggerated action
Star Trek was kind of terrific once ,
confirms Tezuka 's status as both the primary visual influence on the animé tradition and its defining philosophical conscience .
confirms Lynne Ramsay as an important , original talent in international cinema .
confirms Tezuka 's status as both the primary visual influence
broadly metaphorical
holiday carol
pure adrenalin
( cool visual backmasking )
's got its heart in the right place
's going to be great
, is extraordinary .
20th
watch , giggle and get an adrenaline boost without feeling like you 've completely lowered your entertainment standards
watch , giggle and get an adrenaline boost
watch , giggle and get
watch , giggle and
watch , giggle
blue hilarity
blown up to the size of a house
story-telling and visual clarity
It is , by conventional standards , a fairly terrible movie ... but it is also weirdly fascinating , a ready-made Eurotrash cult object . It is also , at times , curiously moving .
It gets the details of its time frame right
is at once exhilarating , silly , perverse , hopeful and always fun
is as powerful a set of evidence as you 'll ever find of why art matters , and how it can resonate far beyond museum walls and through to the most painfully marginal lives
is as powerful a set of evidence as you 'll ever find of why art matters , and how it can resonate far beyond museum walls and through to the most painfully marginal lives .
is art paying homage to art .
is as bold as anything the cinema
is astonishing , considering her inexperience and her subject matter
is astonishing , considering her inexperience and her subject matter .
is as respectful a film as Byatt fans could hope for , though lovers of the book may wonder why it 's necessary
is as respectful a film as Byatt fans could hope for , though lovers of the book may wonder why it 's necessary .
more straightforward
more smarts , but just as endearing and easy to watch
more smarts
Who knows what exactly Godard is on about in this film , but his words and images do n't have to add up to mesmerize you
more satisfying during a summer of event movies than a spy thriller like The Bourne Identity that 's packed with just as much intelligence as action
satirical tour
satisfies like old-fashioned swashbuckling
satisfies like old-fashioned swashbuckling .
saucy
saucy and endearing
latest eccentric
lately , you may be surprised at the variety of tones in Spielberg 's work .
is n't blind to the silliness , but also captures moments of spontaneous creativity and authentic co-operative interaction
one of the year 's best
delights that gets even better in hindsight , as you mull over its every nuance in your mind
delights
delights that gets even better in hindsight , as you mull over its every nuance in your mind .
delightfully
deliciously mordant
delightfully piquant wine from aged bottles
delightfully piquant wine
career-best
career-best performances
career-defining
career-defining revelation
delirious celebration
career peak
in their own idiosyncratic way , sum up the strange horror of life in the new millennium
magic and whimsy for children , a heartfelt romance for teenagers and a compelling argument about death ,
magic and whimsy for children , a heartfelt romance for teenagers and a compelling argument about death , both pro and con , for adults
some lavishly built settings
some ingenious plot devices and some lavishly built settings .
some ingenious plot devices and some lavishly built settings
some of the year 's best acting
some solid performances
some serious sparkles
would have made Vittorio De Sica proud
The rare movie that 's as crisp and to the point as the novel on which it 's based .
The rare movie that 's as crisp and to the point as the novel on which it 's based
The rare movie that 's as crisp and to the point
The rare movie
The quirky and recessive charms of co-stars Martin Donovan and Mary-Louise Parker help overcome the problematic script .
The quirky and recessive charms of co-stars Martin Donovan and Mary-Louise Parker
The quirky and recessive charms
The production design , score and choreography are simply intoxicating .
The premise of Jason X is silly but strangely believable .
solid meat-and-potatoes filmmaking .
the greatness
solid female talent who build a seamless ensemble . There is n't a weak or careless performance
A domestic melodrama
how they make their choices , and
you 've figured out Late Marriage
you 've got to admire ... the intensity with which he 's willing to express his convictions
you 've ever seen
you , you ca n't forget it , you admire its conception and are able to resolve some of the confusions you had while watching it
you admire its conception and are able to resolve some of the confusions you had while watching it
smart-aleck movie
very best movies
Blessed
Blithely anachronistic
neatly and effectively
Myrtle Beach , S . C .
certainly has its share of clever moments and biting dialogue
Nair does n't treat the issues lightly .
certainly not without merit
haunts you , you ca n't forget it , you admire its conception and are able to resolve some of the confusions you had while watching it
haunts , horrifies , startles and fascinates
have a 90-minute , four-star movie
haunts you , you ca n't forget it , you admire its conception and are able to resolve some of the confusions you had while watching it .
have a Barrie good time
have a great time
, believe it or not , immensely entertaining , a David and Goliath story that 's still very much playing itself out
A fine , rousing , G-rated family film , aimed mainly at little kids but with plenty of entertainment value to keep grown-ups from squirming in their seats .
A fine , rousing , G-rated family film ,
A film with contemporary political resonance illustrated by a winning family story .
A fine , rousing , G-rated family film
A fine ,
, well-directed , well-acted , bald
who anchors the film with his effortless performance and that trademark grin of his -- so perfect for a ballplayer
who are enthusiastic about something and then
, very well told with an appropriate minimum of means .
, very enjoyable ...
the sweet Cinderella story
, when the now computerized Yoda finally reveals his martial artistry , the film ascends to a kinetic life so teeming that even cranky adults may rediscover the quivering kid inside .
An entertaining documentary that freshly considers arguments the Bard 's immortal plays
An entertaining documentary that freshly considers arguments the Bard 's immortal plays were written by somebody else .
An entertaining British hybrid
An entertaining British hybrid of comedy , caper thrills and quirky romance
An entertaining British hybrid of comedy , caper thrills and quirky romance .
An entertaining documentary
An enjoyable , if occasionally flawed , experiment .
An entertaining , colorful , action-filled crime story
An entertaining , colorful , action-filled crime story with an intimate heart
An entertaining , colorful , action-filled crime story with an intimate heart .
a vivid imagination
a visual treat for all audiences
a virgin with a chastity belt . That 's why Sex and Lucia is so alluring
a virgin with a chastity belt .
a vivid imagination and an impressive style
a vivid imagination and
but what art direction !
the right-on satiric humor
A funny and touching film
the right track
while i ca n't say it 's on par with the first one , stuart little 2 is a light , fun cheese puff of a movie
riveting set pieces
riveting story
roars with leonine power
robbed and
Mr . Day-Lewis roars with leonine power
Mr . Deeds '' is suitable summer entertainment that offers escapism without requiring a great deal of thought .
Mr . Deeds '' is suitable summer entertainment that
Mr . Deeds '' is suitable summer entertainment that offers escapism without requiring a great deal of thought
Mr . Deeds is , as comedy goes , very silly -- and in the best way
It 's an interesting effort ( particularly for JFK conspiracy nuts ) , and
It 's an interesting effort ( particularly for JFK conspiracy nuts ) ,
It 's an interesting effort ( particularly for JFK conspiracy nuts ) , and Barry 's cold-fish act makes the experience worthwhile .
It 's an interesting effort ( particularly for JFK conspiracy nuts ) , and Barry 's cold-fish act makes the experience worthwhile
as the remarkable ensemble cast brings them to life
to build a movie around some flawed but rather unexceptional women , emerging with a fine character study that 's short on plot but rich in the tiny revelations of real life
provides the grand , intelligent entertainment of a superior cast playing smart people amid a compelling plot
of urgency and suspense
of unparalleled proportions , writer-director Parker
to feel good about
lovely
love a joy
love a joy to behold
love and
scenic splendor
energizing
energy and geniality
energetic and sweetly
energetic and sweetly whimsical
energetic and engaging film
energy and geniality to please not only the fanatical adherents on either side , but also people who know nothing about the subject and think they
energy and geniality to please not only the fanatical adherents on either side , but also people who know nothing about the subject and think they 're not interested .
sees it as a chance to revitalize what is and always has been remarkable about clung-to traditions .
sees it as a chance to revitalize what is and always has been remarkable about clung-to traditions
excel in insightful , empathetic performances
excel
exceeding expectations
excellent principal singers
excellent music
excel in insightful , empathetic performances .
except that the writing , acting and character development are a lot better
except that it looks even better
stand as intellectual masterpieces next to The Scorpion King
Eventually , it wins you over .
stand as intellectual masterpieces
's immensely ambitious , different than anything that 's been done before and amazingly successful in terms of what it 's trying to do .
stance is admirable ,
, you ca n't miss it .
, you can do no wrong with Jason X.
, you 'll still have a good time . ''
, you 're gonna like this movie .
, you 're too interested to care .
'll certainly be keeping an eye out for his next project .
'll buy the soundtrack .
Eerily accurate depiction of depression
Effective in all its aspects , Margarita Happy Hour represents an auspicious feature debut for Chaiken .
Effective in all its aspects
much needed
retains an extraordinary faith in the ability of images to communicate the truth of the world around him
holds up well after two decades
The pleasures of Super Troopers may be fleeting ,
Has a shambling charm ... a cheerfully inconsequential diversion .
Harsh , effective documentary
Harsh , effective documentary on life in the Israeli-occupied Palestinian territories .
Has a lot of the virtues of Eastwood at his best .
holds up well
the funnier movies
the funniest 5 minutes
the funniest 5 minutes to date in this spy comedy franchise
the funniest film
Beresford nicely mixes in as much humor as pathos to take us on his sentimental journey of the heart .
the funniest moments
Below may not mark Mr. Twohy 's emergence into the mainstream , but his promise remains undiminished
Below may not mark Mr. Twohy 's emergence into the mainstream , but his promise remains undiminished .
Ben Kingsley is truly funny , playing a kind of Ghandi gone bad .
Ben Stiller 's Zoolander , which I thought was rather clever
much imagination
What Eric Schaeffer has accomplished with Never Again
What 's the Russian word for Wow !? '
What 's so fun about this silly , outrageous , ingenious thriller
The principals in this cast are all fine ,
her share of the holiday box office pie
, then Triple X marks the spot .
, then the film is a pleasant enough dish .
, the visuals and enveloping sounds of Blue Crush make this surprisingly decent flick worth a summertime look-see .
a greater sense
retaining an integrity and refusing to compromise his vision
much further than we imagine
The seaside splendor and
remains utterly satisfied to remain the same throughout .
going to win any academy awards
gold
a gripping , tidy little movie that takes Mr . Hill higher than he 's been in a while
good camp
it has clearly been made with affection and care
it has clearly been made with affection and care .
it has been made with great evident care and manages to deliver up the man in a way to arouse further curiosity in even the most unknowing viewer
it held my interest from start to finish
it has just enough spice to keep it interesting
it has just enough spice to keep it interesting .
it held my interest from start to finish .
it humor and poignancy
von Sydow ... is itself Intacto 's luckiest stroke
volumes more truth than any ` reality ' show
competent but unremarkable
complejos
compelling slice
Reign of Fire . Great dragons
Red Dragon is less baroque and showy than Hannibal , and less emotionally affecting than Silence . But , like Silence , it 's a movie that gets under your skin
a strangely sinister happy ending
a straightforward , emotionally honest manner
a story that puts old-fashioned values under the microscope
will go happily along for the ride
One of the best of a growing strain of daring films ... that argue that any sexual relationship that does n't hurt anyone and works for its participants is a relationship that is worthy of our respect .
One of the best of a growing strain of daring films ... that argue that any sexual relationship that does n't hurt anyone and works for its participants is a relationship that is worthy of our respect
One of the best of a growing strain of daring films ...
One of the best of a growing strain of daring films
One of the best looking and stylish animated movies in quite a while ...
One of the best looking and stylish animated movies in quite a while
One of the best looking and stylish
One of ( Jaglom 's ) better efforts -- a wry and sometime bitter movie about love
One of ( Jaglom 's ) better efforts --
by a cast that seems to include every top-notch British actor who did not appear in Gosford Park ( as well as one , Ms . Mirren , who did )
by a fantastic dual performance from Ian Holm
Fontaine masterfully
innocent
lends the setting the ethereal beauty of an Asian landscape painting
you 'll want things to work out
you 'll still have a good time . ''
will make you very happy
you 'll enjoy at least the `` real '' portions of the film .
you 'll cheer .
you 'll love it and probably want to see it twice .
lends itself beautifully to filming the teeming life on the reefs , making this gorgeous film a must for everyone from junior scientists to grown-up fish lovers .
you 'll get a sock-you-in-the-eye flick that is a visual tour-de-force and a story that is unlike any you will likely see anywhere else .
of emotional truth
of engulfing you in its world and allying you with its characters ' choices , good and ill , that its shortcomings are remembered only as an afterthought
of ease that comes only with experience
of epic struggle -- inner and outer -- that 's all too rare in Hollywood 's hastier productions
of entangled interrelationships and complex morality
small in scope , yet perfectly formed
legendary
from the vast collective memory of the combatants
infectious
ingeniously
A small movie with a big heart
A small movie with a big heart .
A small gem from Belgium
A small gem from Belgium .
A small gem of a movie that defies classification and is as thought-provoking as it
A small gem of a movie that defies classification and is as thought-provoking as it is funny , scary and sad .
well-balanced
of more appealing holiday-season product
take his smooth , shrewd , powerful act
shut out the real world , and take a vicarious voyage to the last frontier
shut out the real world
do n't have the slightest difficulty accepting him in the role
recommended
recycling
had from films crammed with movie references
had more fun
had more fun with Ben Stiller 's Zoolander , which I thought was rather clever .
had more to do with imagination than market research
jaw-dropping
jaw-dropping action sequences
that Calvin Jr. 's Barbershop represents some sort of beacon of hope in the middle of Chicago 's South Side
jaw-dropping action sequences ,
jaw-dropping action sequences , striking villains
jarring shocks
keep you at the edge of your seat with its shape-shifting perils , political intrigue and brushes with calamity
keep you interested without coming close to bowling you over
keep you at the edge of your seat with its shape-shifting perils , political intrigue and brushes
keep upping the ante on each other , just as their characters do in the film .
keep watching the skies for his next project
keep upping the ante on each other ,
Between bursts of automatic gunfire , the story offers a trenchant critique of capitalism .
keep you wide awake and
jaw-dropping action sequences , striking villains ,
jaw-dropping action sequences , striking villains , a gorgeous color palette
substantive movie
substantive
submerging
preschool
premier stylist
the latter 's attendant intelligence , poetry , passion , and genius
, too , thanks to strong , credible performances from the whole cast
smart ,
make for some robust and scary entertainment
make an alluring backdrop for this sensuous and spirited tale of a prim widow who finds an unlikely release in belly-dancing clubs .
make for great cinema
make for one splendidly cast pair
make for one splendidly cast pair .
captures the erotics of intimacy in a way that makes most American love stories look downright unfree
very good
very good film
are there Tolstoy groupies out there ? It 's dark and tragic
are to ourselves and each other
does a good job of laying out some of the major issues that we encounter as we journey through life .
documents a culture in the throes of rapid change
does a good job of laying out some of the major issues that we encounter as we journey through life
human comedy
huge charm factor
humor in the foibles of human behavior
humanizing
of lasting images all its own
of joyful solo performance
tried hard
two-actor master class
the cartoons look almost Shakespearean -- both in depth and breadth -- after watching this digital-effects-heavy , supposed family-friendly comedy .
the casual moviegoer who might be lured in by Julia Roberts
a sane regimen
has dressed up this little parable in a fairly irresistible package full of privileged moments and memorable performances
has dressed up this little parable in a fairly irresistible package full of privileged moments and memorable performances .
has charm to spare
has been presented onscreen
has bucked the odds
has done an amazing job of getting realistic performances from his mainly nonprofessional cast
has done an amazing job of getting realistic performances from his mainly nonprofessional cast .
has completely transformed himself from his smooth , Goodfellas image
has conjured up a multilayered work that tackles any number of fascinating issues
, smart and complicated
, she 's as morning-glory exuberant as she was in Amélie
a serious exploration
a seemingly serene marriage
a sly wink to The Others without becoming a postmodern joke
a sly wink
this is the ultimate movie experience
this is one summer film that satisfies
this is one adapted - from-television movie that actually looks as if it belongs on the big screen .
this is sure to raise audience 's spirits and leave them singing long after the credits roll .
this is the movie for you
this is the kind of movie that deserves a chance to shine .
the movie could be released in this condition
the movie does leave you marveling at these guys ' superhuman capacity to withstand pain
the movie deals with hot-button issues in a comedic context
Arnold ! The Movie is clever , offbeat and even gritty enough to overcome my resistance
Arteta paints a picture of lives lived in a state of quiet desperation .
Armed with a game supporting cast , from the pitch-perfect Forster to the always hilarious Meara and Levy , Like Mike shoots and scores , doing its namesake proud
Armed with a game supporting cast , from the pitch-perfect Forster to the always hilarious Meara and Levy , Like Mike shoots and scores , doing its namesake proud .
New York 's finest and a nicely understated expression of the grief
New York 's finest and
New York 's finest
absorbing characters
absurdist wit
Indiana Jones around the globe
In the disturbingly involving family dysfunctional drama How I Killed My Father , French director Anne Fontaine delivers an inspired portrait of male-ridden angst and the emotional blockage that accompanies this human condition
Informative
Informative ,
for the rhapsodic dialogue that jumps off the page , and for the memorable character creations
for the quirky
for the sights and sounds of the wondrous beats
interesting and
interesting and fun
insightful and beautifully rendered film .
inspiring and
intelligent and
intense and
innocent and
insightful and
of this well-meaning , beautifully produced film that sacrifices its promise for a high-powered star pedigree
smart , funny and just honest enough to provide the pleasures of a slightly naughty , just-above-average off - Broadway play .
modest
're not likely to have seen before , but beneath the exotic surface ( and exotic dancing ) it 's surprisingly old-fashioned
Credit must be given to Harland Williams , Michael Rosenbaum and Barry Watson
Credit must be given to Harland Williams , Michael Rosenbaum and Barry Watson , who inject far more good-natured spirit and talent into this project than it deserves
Creepy but ultimately
The film benefits greatly from a less manic tone than its predecessor , as Cho appears to have settled comfortably into her skin .
The film 's welcome breeziness and some unbelievably hilarious moments -- most portraying the idiocy of the film industry -- make it mostly worth the trip .
The film 's welcome breeziness and some unbelievably hilarious moments -- most portraying the idiocy of the film industry --
The film 's welcome breeziness and some unbelievably hilarious moments
The film 's sharp , often mischievous sense of humor
The film 's sharp , often mischievous sense
The film 's sharp , often mischievous sense of humor will catch some off guard ...
Sayles has an eye for the ways people of different ethnicities talk to and about others outside the group .
like real people
Saturday Night Live-style parody , '70s Blaxploitation films and goofball action comedy
between a minute-by-minute account of the British court 's extradition chess game and the regime 's talking-head survivors
wit , humor and snappy dialogue
of her life with the imagery in her paintings
a few cute ideas and several modest chuckles
a few laughs ,
a few laughs surrounding an unremarkable soft center
laughs out loud
laughs
laughingly
most slyly exquisite
creepy and dead-on performance
creepy and dead-on
creepy , intermittently powerful study
creeps into your heart .
most uncanny
most triumphant performances
A solid film
A solid film ... but more conscientious than it is truly stirring .
an extraordinary faith
an extraordinary faith in the ability of images
an extended , open-ended poem than a traditionally structured story
an extraordinary poignancy
an extraordinary poignancy ,
, thanks to the presence of ` the King , ' it also rocks .
recent action-fantasy extravaganzas
to enjoy good trash every now and then
15 years old
the film , which skirts that rapidly deteriorating line between fantasy and reality ... takes a tongue-in-cheek attitude even as it pushes the Croc Hunter agenda .
the film constantly taut ... reflecting the character 's instability with a metaphorical visual style and an unnerving , heartbeat-like score
the film uses humour to make its points about acceptance and growth
the film uses humour to make its points about acceptance and growth .
the film is designed to make viewers of all ages
What if ?
It 's a good film -- not a classic , but odd , entertaining and authentic .
It 's a glorious groove that leaves you wanting more .
It 's a comedy full of gentle humor that chides the absurdity of its protagonist 's plight .
It 's a comedy full of gentle humor that chides the absurdity of its protagonist 's plight
It 's a beautifully accomplished lyrical meditation on a bunch of despondent and vulnerable characters living in the renown Chelsea Hotel ...
It 's a brave attempt to tap into the heartbeat of the world , a salute to the universal language of rhythm and a zippy sampling of sounds .
It 's a bittersweet and lyrical mix of elements .
fine star performances
fine sex onscreen
a boldly experimental , contemporary stylist with a bright future
fine actors
fine acting moments
fine music
fine idea
fine performance
all about a young woman 's face , and by casting an actress whose face projects that woman 's doubts and yearnings
all add up to a satisfying crime drama .
genius
generally speaking , adored by the movie-going public
touching British comedy
touching , raucously amusing , uncomfortable , and , yes , even sexy
touching film
touching as The Son 's Room
touching good sense on the experience of its women
touching good sense
touching melodrama
touching love story
touching reflection
touching movie
strengths and
streamed across its borders
street-smart
Broomfield turns his distinctive ` blundering ' style into something that could really help clear up the case .
Mamet enthusiast
Makes S&M seem very romantic , and Maggie Gyllenhaal is a delight .
Makes an aborbing if arguable case for the man 's greatness .
Majidi 's poetic love story is a ravishing consciousness-raiser , if a bit draggy at times .
Majidi gets uniformly engaging performances from his largely amateur cast .
Makes
It 's another retelling of Alexandre Dumas ' classic . Why ? Who knows , but it works under the direction of Kevin Reynolds .
It 's as raw and action-packed an experience as a ringside seat at a tough-man contest .
the comedy equivalent
is as gritty as a movie gets these days .
It 's consistently funny , in an irresistible junior-high way , and consistently free of any gag that would force you to give it a millisecond of thought .
, the heart of the film rests in the relationship between Sullivan and his son .
, the more you will probably like it .
It 's crafty , energetic and smart
, the movie is pretty diverting
Vonnegut
Volletta Wallace 's maternal fury , her fearlessness
a deft sense of humor about itself , a playful spirit and a game cast
a deft pace master and stylist
a deft pace master
a definitive account
a definitive account of Eisenstein 's life
the comic elements of the premise ,
Well-shot
If you thought Tom Hanks was just an ordinary big-screen star
a great American adventure
a great , participatory spectator sport
a great American adventure and a wonderful film to bring to IMAX
a great American adventure and
a grand picture of an era
dark , funny humor
of off-the-cuff imaginative flourishes
everyone in my group extemporaneously shouted , ` Thank you !
Simply put , `` Far From Heaven '' is a masterpiece .
The drama is played out with such aching beauty and truth that it brings tears to your eyes .
you took Orwell , Bradbury , Kafka , George Lucas and the Wachowski Brothers and threw them into a blender
when we hear the ultimate fate of these girls and realize , much to our dismay , that this really did happen
a refreshing and comical spin
a refreshing and comical spin on the all-too-familiar saga of the contemporary single woman
a recommendation
a reasonably attractive holiday contraption , one that families looking for a clean , kid-friendly outing should investigate
a reasonably attractive holiday contraption
a reasonably attractive holiday contraption ,
you 're too interested to care .
you 're paying attention
a refreshingly smart and newfangled variation
a refreshingly smart and newfangled variation on several themes derived from far less sophisticated and knowing horror films
brisk pace
brings out the latent 15-year-old romantic in everyone
brings out the latent 15-year-old romantic in everyone .
brash , sardonic , completely joyful
bringing beloved kids ' books to the screen
bracing
a testament to the film 's considerable charm
a terrific effort
a timely and invaluable implicit reminder of the role
the original 's nostalgia for the communal film experiences of yesteryear
: It extends a warm invitation into an unfamiliar world , then illuminates it fully and allows the larger implications of the journey to sink in unobtrusively .
nearly three decades of bittersweet camaraderie and history
A very pretty after-school special
neatly and effectively captures the debilitating grief
A venturesome , beautifully realized psychological mood piece
A triumph , a film that hews out a world and carries us effortlessly from darkness to light .
A triumph , a film that hews out a world and carries us effortlessly from darkness to light
A triumph ,
A treat for its depiction on not giving up on dreams when you 're a struggling nobody .
A tour de force of modern cinema .
Holofcener 's film offers just enough insight to keep it from being simpleminded , and
Holm is terrific as both men
Holm is terrific as both men and
Holm is terrific as both men and Hjejle quite appealing
retains an extraordinary faith in the ability of images
retains ambiguities that make it well worth watching .
retains ambiguities that make it well worth watching
Holofcener 's film offers just enough insight to keep it from being simpleminded , and the ensemble cast is engaging enough to keep you from shifting in your chair too often
retaining an integrity
The auteur 's ear for the way fears and slights are telegraphed in the most blithe exchanges gives the film its lingering tug .
The beautifully choreographed kitchen ballet
The beautifully choreographed kitchen ballet is simple but absorbing .
The best
The best Disney movie since the Lion King ''
The best of the Pierce Brosnan James Bond
The best of the Pierce Brosnan James Bond films to date .
The best way
interesting to see where one 's imagination will lead when given the opportunity
will no doubt
Stands as a document of what it felt like to be a New Yorker -- or , really , to be a human being -- in the weeks after 9\/11 .
Stanley Kwan has directed not only one of the best gay love stories ever made , but
Stanley Kwan has directed not only one of the best gay love stories ever made , but one of the best love stories of any stripe
will nevertheless find moving .
Stanley Kwan has directed not only one of the best gay love stories ever made
Stanley Kwan has directed not only one of the best gay love stories ever made ,
stupendous performances
will nevertheless find moving
the reputation of the most famous author who ever lived
the right place ... innocent and well-meaning
stupendous
Lawrence unleashes his trademark misogyny -- er , comedy -- like a human volcano or an overflowing septic tank ,
where the drumming and the marching are so excellent
is too savvy a filmmaker to let this morph into a typical romantic triangle . Instead
is top shelf
is truly funny
encompasses many more paths
emphasizes the q in quirky ,
S1M0NE 's satire is not subtle , but it is effective . It 's a quirky , off-beat project ...
S1M0NE 's satire is not subtle , but it is effective .
Friday-night excitement
Friday-night excitement and
call the ` wow ' factor
sentimental
self-promotion ends and
it contains Jesse Ventura 's best work since the XFL .
takes on a whole other meaning .
taken as a stylish and energetic one-shot , The Queen of the Damned
takes Mr. Hill higher than he 's been in a while
take us on his sentimental journey of the heart
something rare and riveting
the rest of the cast was outshined by LL Cool J.
the reason to go see `` Blue Crush '' is the phenomenal , water-born cinematography by David Hennings .
something really good
the reason for that is a self-aware , often self-mocking , intelligence .
it offers flickering reminders of the ties that bind us
it offers large rewards
it more closely resembles this year 's version of Tomcats
it offers much to absorb and even more to think about after the final frame .
something that really matters
despite the gravity of its subject matter
should drop everything and run to Ichi
the most important stories
Only an epic documentary could get it all down , and
Only an epic documentary could get it all down ,
One of the most haunting , viciously honest coming-of-age films in recent memory
One of the most haunting , viciously honest coming-of-age films
One of the greatest romantic comedies of the past decade
One of the greatest romantic comedies
One of the greatest family-oriented , fantasy-adventure movies
with more laughs
with lovely performances by Buy and Accorsi
with its open-endedness and surprises
with its fully-written characters , its determined stylishness ( which always relates to characters and story ) and Johnny Dankworth 's best soundtrack in years .
with obvious affection , scored to perfection with some tasty boogaloo beats
is a strength of a documentary to disregard available bias ,
what IMAX was made for : Strap on a pair of 3-D goggles , shut out the real world , and take a vicarious voyage to the last frontier -- space
is a strong directorial stamp on every frame of this stylish film that is able to visualize schizophrenia but is still confident enough to step back and look at the sick character with a sane eye .
directs this intricately structured and well-realized drama that presents a fascinating glimpse of urban life and the class warfare that embroils two young men .
directs this film always keeping the balance between the fantastic and the believable
directs this intricately structured and well-realized drama that presents a fascinating glimpse of urban life and the class warfare that embroils two young men
directs this film always keeping the balance between the fantastic and the believable ...
Judith and Zaza 's extended bedroom sequence ... is so intimate and sensual and funny and psychologically self-revealing that it makes most of what passes for sex in the movies look like cheap hysterics .
what it does with a dedicated and good-hearted professionalism
is a strong , character-oriented piece
Prurient
among Jean-Luc Godard 's finest work
I 'm guessing the director is a magician .
amiable
amiable and committed
amazing job
always keeping the balance between the fantastic and the believable
smarter than your average Bond .
historical .
his sweetness and vulnerability
the rueful , wry humor springing out of Yiddish culture and language
the rueful , wry humor
the routine day to day
the sad cad that really gives the film its oomph
From the dull , surreal ache of mortal awareness emerges a radiant character portrait .
From its invitingly upbeat overture to its pathos-filled but ultimately life-affirming finale , Martin is a masterfully conducted work .
From a deceptively simple premise , this deeply moving French drama develops a startling story that works both as a detailed personal portrait and as a rather frightening examination of modern times .
From its invitingly upbeat overture to its pathos-filled but ultimately life-affirming finale
Fudges fact and fancy with such confidence that we feel as if we 're seeing something purer than the real thing
Chan 's uniqueness
The charms of willful eccentricity ,
The charms of willful eccentricity
The charms of willful eccentricity , at least as evidenced by this latest cinematic essay
whose suffering and triumphs
affords us intriguing glimpses of the insights gleaned from a lifetime of spiritual inquiry
has far more energy , wit and warmth than should be expected from any movie with a '' 2 '' at the end of its title .
has far more energy
's a day at the beach -- with air conditioning and popcorn .
's a diverting enough hour-and-a-half for the family audience
's a day at the beach -- with air conditioning and popcorn
's a clear-eyed portrait of an intensely lived time , filled with nervous energy , moral ambiguity and great uncertainties .
has enough moments to keep it entertaining
has enough vitality to justify the notion of creating a screen adaptation of Evans ' saga of Hollywood excess
has enough moments to keep it entertaining .
whose suffering and triumphs we can share
, E . T . is still a cinematic touchstone .
bravery and dedication
breach gaps in their relationships with their fathers
, high-adrenaline documentary .
, hilarious
, holds the screen like a true star .
emotionally complex
emotionally at least )
emotionally complex , dramatically satisfying heroine
the ensemble gives it a buoyant delivery
a master 's
that made the first film such a delight
In the end there is one word that best describes this film : honest .
In the end , the film is less the cheap thriller you 'd expect than it is a fairly revealing study of its two main characters -- damaged-goods people whose orbits will inevitably and dangerously collide .
In the telling of a story largely untold
In the name of an allegedly inspiring and easily marketable flick
cleverly worked out
works - mostly due to its superior cast
strong and funny ,
turns fanciful , grisly and engagingly quixotic .
the enduring strengths of women
scruffy , dopey old Hanna-Barbera charm
zinger-filled
emotionally strong and politically potent piece
minor miracle
Combines sharp comedy , old-fashioned monster movie atmospherics , and genuine heart to create a film that 's not merely about kicking undead \*\*\* , but also about dealing with regret and , ultimately , finding redemption .
miraculously able to entertain anyway
, is pleasant , diverting and modest -- definitely a step in the right direction .
, is the edge of wild , lunatic invention that we associate with Cage 's best acting
, is original
It may not be a huge cut of above the rest , but I enjoyed Barbershop . It 's a funny little movie with clever dialogue and likeable characters
It may not be a huge cut of above the rest , but I enjoyed Barbershop . It 's a funny little movie with clever dialogue and likeable characters .
It may not be particularly innovative , but the film 's crisp , unaffected style and air of gentle longing make it unexpectedly rewarding
It may not be particularly innovative , but the film 's crisp , unaffected style and air of gentle longing make it unexpectedly rewarding .
's a pleasure to see Seinfeld griping about the biz with buddies Chris Rock , Garry Shandling and Colin Quinn .
's a refreshing change from the self-interest and paranoia that shape most American representations of Castro
's a nicely detailed world of pawns , bishops and kings , of wagers in dingy backrooms or pristine forests .
's a remarkably solid and subtly satirical tour de force .
's a sly , amusing , laugh-filled little gem in which the ultimate '' Bellini '' begins to look like a '' real Kaputschnik
youthful affluence
emotionally strong
Austin Powers films
gives us another peek at some of the magic we saw in Glitter here in Wisegirls .
gives us another peek at some of the magic we saw in Glitter here in Wisegirls
a bracing truth that 's refreshing after the phoniness of female-bonding pictures like Divine Secrets of the Ya-Ya Sisterhood
right actors
's sharply comic and surprisingly touching , so hold the gong
's short on plot but rich in the tiny revelations of real life
's saucy , full-bodied performance gives this aging series a much needed kick , making '' Die Another Day '' one of the most entertaining Bonds in years
's sharply comic and surprisingly touching
's sharply comic and surprisingly touching ,
's secondary to American Psycho but still has claws enough to get inside you and stay there for a couple of hours
's secondary to American Psycho but still has claws enough to get inside you and stay there for a couple of hours .
once again reinvented itself for a new generation
on your feet
about what an unhappy , repressed and twisted personal life their tormentor deserved . These people are really going to love The Piano Teacher
about which you can actually feel good
above all about a young woman 's face , and by casting an actress whose face projects that woman 's doubts and yearnings
one for the ages
of being able to give full performances
of carefully structured plot points
of character portrait , romantic comedy and beat-the-clock thriller
of charm
of charming the masses with star power , a pop-induced score and sentimental moments that have become a Spielberg trademark
root for ( Clara and Paul ) ,
rounded and revealing
rousing score
rounded and revealing overview
to unexpected heights
to use a watercolor background since '' Dumbo '' certainly ranks as the most original in years
to understand what made Allen 's romantic comedies so pertinent and enduring
physical beauty
phrase ` life affirming '
physically and emotionally disintegrating over the course of the movie has a certain poignancy in light of his recent death
of a deeply humanistic artist who , in spite of all that he 's witnessed , remains surprisingly idealistic
of a film , a Southern Gothic with the emotional arc of its raw blues soundtrack
springing
of a future-world holographic librarian ( Orlando Jones ) who knows everything and answers all questions , is visually smart , cleverly written , and nicely realized
empathize with others
While surprisingly sincere
While surprisingly sincere , this average little story is adorned with some awesome action photography and surfing .
While Undercover Brother is definitely one for the masses , it 's also full of sharp , smart satire .
While not as aggressively impressive as its American counterpart , '' In the Bedroom , '' Moretti 's film makes its own , quieter observations
emotionally and narratively complex
emotionally and narratively complex filmmaking
emotions can draw people together across the walls that might otherwise separate them
empathize
Kirkegaard
undeniable entertainment value
undeniably exceedingly clever
wacky and wonderful
wacky talent
vivid cinematic portrait .
visualmente espectacular y muy entretenida
anyone managing to steal a movie not only from charismatic rising star Jake Gyllenhaal but also from accomplished Oscar winners Susan Sarandon , Dustin Hoffman and Holly Hunter , yet newcomer Ellen Pompeo pulls off the feat with aplomb
riveting World War II
riveting World War II moral suspense story deals
rivaling Blair Witch or The Others
any thinking person is bound to appreciate
risky , intelligent , romantic and rapturous from start to finish
rivaling
risky , intelligent , romantic and rapturous
any stylish sizzle
what 's best about
An encouraging effort from McCrudden
An encouraging effort
An entertainment
An enigmatic film
that it succeeds in entertaining , despite playing out like a feature-length sitcom replete with stereotypical familial quandaries
that it risks monotony . But it 's worth the concentration
, and lyric moments that linger like snapshots of memory
Surprisingly , the film is a hilarious adventure and I shamelessly enjoyed it .
families looking for a clean , kid-friendly outing
in this case the Beast should definitely get top billing . Robert John Burke as The Monster horns in and steals the show
to Nicholson . Gone are the flamboyant mannerisms that are the trademark of several of his performances . As Schmidt , Nicholson walks with a slow , deliberate gait , chooses his words carefully and subdues his natural exuberance
Sure , I hated myself in the morning . But then
Steers turns in a snappy screenplay that curls at the edges
Steers turns in a snappy screenplay that curls at the edges ; it 's so clever you want to hate it . But he somehow pulls it off .
is that it 's a rock-solid little genre picture
is that it 's funny .
is that it 's actually watchable .
is that it 's actually watchable
at heart is a sweet little girl
comic relief
comparative
of the idealistic kid who chooses to champion his ultimately losing cause
of the ideal casting of the masterful British actor Ian Holm
compassionately
a hallucinatory dreamscape
of the insurance actuary
of the impossibly long limbs and sweetly conspiratorial smile
Rewarding
Rewarding .
the man
the majesty
the majesty of Tolkien 's writing
uncompromising film
The film is visually dazzling , the depicted events dramatic , funny and poignant
The film is visually dazzling ,
The film is powerful , accessible and funny .
The film is beautifully mounted , but , more to the point , the issues are subtly presented , managing to walk a fine line with regard to the question of Joan 's madness
The film is powerful , accessible and funny . You wo n't miss its messages , but
The film is powerful , accessible and funny . You wo n't miss its messages ,
The film is powerful , accessible and funny . You wo n't miss its messages , but you 'll be entertained as well .
The film is powerful , accessible and funny . You wo n't miss its messages , but you 'll be entertained as well
The film is visually dazzling
The film is quiet , threatening and unforgettable .
but a pleasure
but a lively script , sharp acting and partially animated interludes make Just a Kiss seem minty fresh .
but gripping , questing look at a person
has the feel of a summer popcorn movie
has the feel of a summer popcorn movie .
but it 's done with a lot of careful period attention as well as some very welcome wit .
but it 's a compelling story , mainly because of the way it 's told by the people who were there .
told fairly well and
no fantasy story
two young men in the prime of their talent
rather brilliant
was better
was an amusing lark that will probably rank as one of Murphy 's better performances in one of his lesser-praised movies .
Large budget notwithstanding , the movie is such a blip on the year 's radar screen that it 's tempting just to go with it for the ride .
thrillers I 've seen in quite a long time
thrilling enough to make it abundantly clear that this movie phenomenon has once again reinvented itself for a new generation
applaud
applaud his special effects
great comedy
'' is an actor 's movie first and foremost .
'' is a sweet treasure and something well worth your time .
the world devastated by war , famine and poverty and documented the cruelty and suffering he has found with an devastating , eloquent clarity
reached the absolute top of the game
n't help being captivated by it
n't help but warmly extend your arms and yell ` Safe
the unerring professionalism of the chilly production ,
the unerring professionalism of the chilly production , and
though , there is a really cool bit -- the movie 's conception of a future-world holographic librarian ( Orlando Jones ) who knows everything and answers all questions , is visually smart , cleverly written , and nicely realized .
this is a perceptive study of two families in crisis -- and of two girls whose friendship is severely tested by bad luck and their own immaturity .
those who like quirky , slightly strange French films
those words
topnotch foursome
, period-perfect biopic hammers
watch the movie
and possibly , watching the spectacle of a promising young lad treading desperately in a nasty sea , shed an errant tear .
gorgeous scenes , masterful performances ,
gorgeous scenes , masterful performances , but the sickly sweet gender normative narrative
gorgeous scenes ,
gorgeous scenes , masterful performances
gorgeous
gorgeous scenes
goose-pimple
gorgeous scenes , masterful performances , but the sickly sweet gender normative narrative left an acrid test in this gourmet 's mouth
they so heartwarmingly motivate
a casual intelligence that permeates the script
a caricature -- not even with that radioactive hair
a casual intelligence
a cast of A-list Brit actors
ode to tackling life 's wonderment
of '' Carmen '' which is best for the stunning star
the heart as well as
to hit theaters since Field of Dreams
Amy 's Orgasm has a key strength in its willingness to explore its principal characters with honesty , insight and humor .
Perry and Hurley make inspiring efforts to breathe life into the disjointed , haphazard script by Jay Scherick and David Ronn
offering exceptionally well-detailed characters
offer a brutal form of charisma
put on 30 pounds for the role , and has completely transformed himself from his smooth , Goodfellas image
puts history in perspective
Fun , flip and terribly hip bit of cinematic entertainment .
The unique niche of self-critical , behind-the-scenes navel-gazing Kaufman has carved from Orleans ' story and his own infinite insecurity is a work of outstanding originality
The unique niche of self-critical , behind-the-scenes navel-gazing Kaufman has carved from Orleans ' story and his own infinite insecurity is a work of outstanding originality .
From spiritual rebirth to bruising defeat , Vincent 's odyssey resonates in a profound way , comparable to the classic films of Jean Renoir .
From the big giant titles of the opening credits to Elmer Bernstein 's perfectly melodic score
historically significant ,
flatter
flattering spotlight
flavorful
flavorful performances
flawed humanity
flawless film
flawless film ,
flawless film , ( Wang )
The direction has a fluid , no-nonsense authority , and the performances by Harris , Phifer and Cam ` ron seal the deal
colorful , joyous celebration
colorful , semimusical
The direction has a fluid , no-nonsense authority , and the performances by Harris , Phifer and Cam ` ron seal the deal .
to keep things interesting
to keep the film entertaining
to keep you at the edge of your seat with its shape-shifting perils , political intrigue and brushes with calamity
Conceptually brilliant
Conceptually brilliant ... Plays like a living-room War Of The Worlds , gaining most of its unsettling force from the suggested and the unknown .
Compassionately explores the seemingly irreconcilable situation between conservative Christian parents and their estranged gay and lesbian children .
one of those movies that catches you up in something bigger than yourself , namely
one of those movies that catches you up in something bigger than yourself , namely ,
one of the smartest
one of the smartest takes on singles culture i 've seen in a long time
one of the smartest takes on singles culture i 've seen in a long time .
one of the year 's best films
one of those movies that catches you up in something bigger than yourself
one of those movies that catches you up in something bigger than yourself ,
glamour
glancing vividly back
glorious spectacle
intricately structured and well-realized drama
intricately structured and well-realized
intricately constructed
intricately
intriguing , observant
intriguing , bizarre
intrigues and
intriguing and honorable ,
intriguing and honorable
middle-aged women just wanna have fun into a rousing treatise of sensual empowerment
A time machine , a journey back to your childhood , when cares melted away in the dark theater
A time machine , a journey back to your childhood , when cares melted away in the dark theater ,
A time machine , a journey back to your childhood , when cares melted away in the dark theater , and
A time machine , a journey back to your childhood , when cares melted away in the dark theater , and films had the ability to mesmerize , astonish and entertain
A time machine , a journey back to your childhood
remember the picture
can deftly change moods are treasures and even marvels . So
a masterfully
a masterful work of art of their own
a masterful work
a master of shadow , quietude , and room noise
a masterpiece of nuance and characterization ,
a masterpiece of nuance and characterization
a masterpeice
a masterfully made one
the sensational true-crime
contains some thrilling moments
contemplative
romantic and
's funny .
's fun for kids of any age .
the secret 's eventual discovery
's exactly what these two people need to find each other
's fearless in picking apart human foibles , not afraid to lay her life bare in front of an audience
of characters worthy of its strong cast
simply astounding
simpler , leaner
the style and flash of the double-cross that made Mamet 's '' House of Games '' and last fall 's '' Heist '' so much fun
Humorous and
Humorous and heartfelt
, starring Piper Perabo in what could be her breakthrough role .
Hughes comedy
Humorous
Hugely entertaining from start to finish , featuring a fall from grace that still leaves shockwaves
Hugely entertaining from start to finish , featuring a fall from grace that still leaves shockwaves , it will gratify anyone who has ever suspected Hollywood of being overrun by corrupt and hedonistic weasels .
storytellers
, sporting a breezy spontaneity and realistically drawn characterizations ,
an unusual biopic and document of male swingers in the Playboy era
an uppity musical
an uppity musical beat that you can dance to
, surviving footage of Burstein and his family performing , historical archives , and telling stills .
a loosely autobiographical story brushed with sentimentality but brimming with gentle humor , bittersweet pathos , and lyric moments
in Jane Hamilton 's exemplary costumes
can feel the love
Harrison 's Flowers puts its heart in the right place , but its brains are in no particular place at all .
Skillful
In fact , it 's quite fun in places .
In fact , even better .
chronicles Seinfeld 's return to stand-up comedy after the wrap of his legendary sitcom , alongside wannabe comic Adams ' attempts to get his shot at the big time
In an ART FILM !
the last 15 minutes
play well
play well with the affable cast
just ca n't tear himself away from the characters
have chosen a fascinating subject matter
play equally well
the sensational true-crime hell-jaunt purists might like and more experimental in its storytelling
Good actress .
It 's a decent glimpse into a time period , and an outcast , that is no longer accessible ,
It 's a decent glimpse into a time period , and an outcast , that is no longer accessible
It 's a decent glimpse into a time period , and an outcast , that is no longer accessible , but it does n't necessarily shed more light on its subject than the popular predecessor
Good ol' urban legend stuff .
peels layers from this character that may well not have existed on paper .
Gorgeous
acting , good dialogue ,
addresses in a fascinating , intelligent manner
admired it
admired it ,
is not without talent
is nonetheless -- and likely inadvertently -- a timely and invaluable implicit reminder of the role that U.S. foreign policy has played in the rise of Castro
his open-faced , smiling
his parisian rebirth
it 's not that , it 's the tension that keeps you in your seat .
it 's extremely well played and often very funny .
it 's extremely well played and often very funny
it 's more of the same
it 's frustrating and still oddly likable .
it 's easily his finest American film ... comes close to recapturing the brilliance of his Hong Kong films .
it 's easily his finest American film ... comes close to recapturing the brilliance of his Hong Kong films
capture a cruelly hilarious vein of black comedy in the situation with his cast of non-actors and a gritty , no-budget approach
captivated
captivated by it
captivating cross-cultural comedy
captivating throughout Michele 's religious and romantic quests
caper .
capsule to remind us of the devastating horror suffered by an entire people
makes an unusual but pleasantly haunting debut behind the camera
A compelling ,
makes a valiant effort to understand everyone 's point of view
A deliciously mordant , bitter black comedy
A deliciously mordant ,
makes an unusual but pleasantly haunting debut behind the camera .
a legend who may have nothing left to prove
a lively script
a legend
a last-minute happy ending that 's even less plausible than the rest of the picture . Much of the way , though , this is a refreshingly novel ride
a lively script , sharp acting and partially animated interludes make Just a Kiss seem minty fresh
a lively script , sharp acting and partially animated interludes
effective horror film
effectively chilling guilty pleasure
effectively chilling
, ( Jones ) calls our attention to the inherent conflict between commerce and creativity .
clever and unflinching in its comic barbs
clever and unflinching in its comic barbs ,
clearly well-intentioned
clever and
classic cinema served up with heart and humor
have been better than the fiction
have been an important documentary about stand-up comedy
caffeinated , sloppy brilliance
the film evokes strong emotions and pushes viewers to question their deepest notions of moral right and wrong .
call for prevention rather than to place blame , making it one of the best war movies ever made
the suspense is palpable
-- I 'm not sure even Miyazaki himself does -- but they will almost certainly be fascinated , and undoubtedly delighted .
bringing audiences
if it is n't entirely persuasive , it does give exposure to some talented performers
bring off this kind of whimsy
at inspiring accomplished portrayals
at heart-tugging
at how clever it 's being
aggressive and alive
against the strange , stark beauty of the Mideast desert , so lovingly and perceptively filmed that you can almost taste the desiccated air
a convincing one
wraps back around
a convincing impersonation here of a director enjoying himself immensely
the evocative aesthetics evincing the hollow state of modern love life
moviegoers who enjoy thinking about compelling questions with no easy answers
a straight face
to keep both kids and parents entertained
moving and wise
moving and invigorating
The film is an earnest try at beachcombing verismo
the old story seem new
felt like to be a New Yorker -- or , really , to be a human being -- in the weeks after 9\/11
to share his story so compellingly with us is a minor miracle
The film is ... determined to treat its characters , weak and strong , as fallible human beings , not caricatures , and to carefully delineate the cost of the inevitable conflicts between human urges and an institution concerned with self-preservation .
is quiet , threatening and unforgettable
is prime escapist fare .
is prime escapist fare
flawed and brilliant
is quiet , threatening and unforgettable .
gets its greatest play from the timeless spectacle of people really talking to each other .
gets its greatest play from the timeless spectacle of people really talking to each other
gets full mileage
gets full mileage out of the rolling of a stray barrel or the unexpected blast of a phonograph record
gets full mileage out
gets its greatest play from the timeless spectacle of people
gets its greatest play
a passing interest in the skate\/surf culture , the L . A . beach scene and
a passing interest in the skate\/surf culture , the L . A . beach scene and the imaginative ( and sometimes illegal ) ways kids can make a playground out of the refuse of adults
a novice to the form comes away exhilarated
a pair of fascinating performances
a part of its grand locations
the promise of digital filmmaking
the project is sensational and revelatory , even if scratching makes you itch .
the proceedings as funny for grown-ups as for rugrats
charitable enterprise
started doing nothing but reacting to it - feeling a part of its grand locations , thinking urgently as the protagonists struggled , feeling at the mercy of its inventiveness , gasping at its visual delights
of friendships between women
of fun with the material
( P ) artnering Murphy with Robert De Niro for the TV-cops comedy Showtime would seem to be surefire casting .
of genuine feeling
status
keep the proceedings as funny for grown-ups as for rugrats
allows a gawky actor like Spall -- who could too easily become comic relief in any other film -- to reveal his impressively delicate range
keep the film grounded and
keep the film grounded and keep the audience riveted
household name
could change America , not only because it is full of necessary discussion points , but because it is so accessible that it makes complex politics understandable to viewers looking for nothing but energetic entertainment .
the world 's best actors ,
the world 's best actors
the world 's best actors , Daniel Auteuil ,
The ethos of the Chelsea Hotel
Energetic
look good
a step further , richer
that everyone see this movie -- for its historical significance alone
on his sentimental journey of the heart
` If you are in the mood for an intelligent weepy , it can easily worm its way into your heart . '
know you 're in for a real winner , creativity at its peak
purely abstract
Faultlessly professional
Faultlessly
Strap on a pair of 3-D goggles ,
star-making project
are immaculate , with Roussillon providing comic relief
are immaculate , with Roussillon providing comic relief .
are great rewards here .
are great rewards
are great rewards here
are gorgeous and finely detailed
are in place for a great film noir
maintain both a level of sophisticated intrigue and human-scale characters that suck the audience in
maintained
pumps a lot of energy
pumps a lot of energy into his nicely nuanced narrative and
pulse intensifying escapist adventure
pulls us into its world , gives us a hero whose suffering and triumphs we can share , surrounds him with interesting characters
pulls us into its world , gives us a hero whose suffering and triumphs we can share , surrounds him with interesting characters and
with a stellar performance by Al Pacino
with a smooth sleight of hand
with Stevenson 's tale as well as
gentle but insistent
gentle but
generosity and diplomacy
generous and deep
generous and
gentle but insistent sincerity
who are capable of anteing up some movie star charisma when they need it to sell us on this twisted love story , but who can also negotiate the movie 's darker turns
who , in spite of tragic loss and increasing decrepitude , knows in his bones that he is one of the luckiest men alive
whit
slam-bam action flicks
the action and special effects
the actors ' perfect comic timing and sweet , genuine chemistry
the actors ' perfect comic timing
the actors ' perfect comic timing and
the actors involved in the enterprise
technically proficient and without the pop-up comments
If Melville is creatively a great whale
will break your heart many times over
Ideal predecessor
they go to a picture-perfect beach during sunset .
win over
a tight plot with an easy pace
you love him
a terrific performance
a terrific flick replete with dazzling camera-work , dancing and music
a theme that will resonate with singles of many ages
a terrific character study
a terrific flick
a terrific character study , a probe into the life of a complex man
The laser-projected paintings provide a spell-casting beauty
Toback 's deranged immediacy makes it seem fresh again .
Together ( Time Out and Human Resources ) establish Mr. Cantet as France 's foremost cinematic poet of the workplace .
Together ( Time Out and Human Resources ) establish Mr. Cantet as France 's foremost cinematic poet of the workplace
Like its bizarre heroine , it irrigates our souls .
Like its New England characters , most of whom wander about in thick clouds of denial , the movie eventually gets around to its real emotional business , striking deep chords of sadness .
Like any good romance , Son of the Bride , proves it 's never too late to learn .
Like any good romance
to match the freshness of the actress-producer and writer
to make everyone who has been there squirm with recognition
to make the formula feel fresh
and even some depth
Pete 's screenplay manages to find that real natural , even-flowing tone that few movies are able to accomplish .
a thoughtful
a testament to the integrity and vision of the band
Peter Jackson and company once again dazzle and delight us
Peter Jackson and company once again dazzle and delight us ,
a thoughtful ,
a thoughtful , emotional
Admirable , certainly ,
reflective and beautifully
reflect that its visual imagination is breathtaking
Admirable , certainly
It 's like an old Warner Bros. costumer jived with sex --
Smoke Signals
Smothered
with an action movie that actually has a brain
with an artistry that also smacks of revelation
Snow White
with an original idea for a teen movie
the perfect movie
the perfect movie many have made it out to be
as a ` very sneaky ' butler who excels in the art of impossible disappearing\/reappearing acts
as Sand 's masculine persona , with its love of life and beauty , takes form
as Sexy Beast
as ` Belgium 's national treasure
If it 's unnerving suspense you 're after -- you 'll find it with Ring , an indisputably spooky film ; with a screenplay to die for
the ultimate mysteries
My thoughts were focused on the characters .
these components combine into one terrific story with lots of laughs .
have a good time as it doles out pieces of the famous director 's life
have a passion for the material
have a good shot at a Hollywood career , if they want one
have a good time
have always appreciated a smartly written motion picture
have absolutely no idea who the main characters are until the film is well under way -- and yet it 's hard to stop watching
have absolutely no idea who the main characters are until the film is well under way -- and yet it 's hard to stop watching .
have an honesty and dignity that breaks your heart
have an honesty and dignity that breaks your heart .
just what this strenuously unconventional movie is supposed to be
has ( its ) moments
of those staggeringly well-produced
of today 's hottest and hippest acts from the world of television , music and stand-up comedy
This charming , thought-provoking New York fest of life and love has its rewards .
is a refreshingly adult take on adultery
is a refreshingly adult take on adultery ...
is a refreshing absence of cynicism in Stuart Little 2 -- quite a rarity , even in the family film market . Eventually , it wins you over .
is a refreshing change
is a refreshing absence of cynicism in Stuart Little 2 -- quite a rarity , even in the family film market . Eventually , it wins you over
is a ravishing consciousness-raiser , if a bit draggy at times .
With few respites , Marshall keeps the energy humming , and his edits , unlike those in Moulin Rouge , are crisp and purposeful without overdoing it .
is a refreshingly serious look at young women
With lesser talents , High Crimes would be entertaining , but
a world that 's at once surreal and disturbingly familiar
about real people ,
a witness to several Greek-American weddings --
a witness to several Greek-American weddings -- but , happily ,
mention leaving you with some laughs and a smile on your face
to make a point with poetic imagery
that celebrates radical
that clever angle ! Wow
's a diverting enough hour-and-a-half for the family audience .
in such a straightforward , emotionally honest manner that by the end
in spite of all that he 's witnessed , remains surprisingly idealistic
the year 's most intriguing explorations of alientation
may be relieved that his latest feature , R Xmas , marks a modest if encouraging return to form
may be relieved that his latest feature , R Xmas , marks a modest if encouraging return to form .
the year 's most intriguing movie experiences
improbable melodrama ( gored bullfighters , comatose ballerinas ) with subtly kinky bedside vigils and sensational denouements , and yet at the end
improvement
The story 's scope and pageantry are mesmerizing , and Mr . Day-Lewis roars with leonine power
The story 's scope and pageantry are mesmerizing , and
A fascinating and fun film
A fascinating and fun film .
The stars may be college kids , but the subject matter is as adult as you can get : the temptations of the flesh are unleashed by a slightly crazed , overtly determined young woman and a one-night swim turns into an ocean of trouble .
A droll , well-acted , character-driven comedy
A droll , well-acted , character-driven comedy with unexpected deposits of feeling .
A cop story that understands the medium
A cop story that understands the medium amazingly well .
A disturbing and frighteningly evocative assembly
and civic action laudable
that has been overexposed , redolent of a thousand cliches , and yet remains uniquely itself
taking us through a film that is part biography , part entertainment and part history
talented cast
taking your expectations and twisting them just a bit
deranged immediacy
an unforgettable visual panache
an unflinching and objective look
an utterly charming French comedy
Be prepared to cling to the edge of your seat , tense with suspense . The Ring never lets you off the hook .
Be prepared to cling to the edge of your seat
Be patient with the lovely Hush ! and your reward will be a thoughtful , emotional movie experience .
a satisfying summer blockbuster
a sane regimen of eating , sleeping and stress-reducing contemplation
a satisfying summer blockbuster and worth a look
a satisfying summer blockbuster and
a rounded and revealing overview
a romantic crime comedy that turns out to be clever , amusing and unpredictable
Bears ... should keep parents amused with its low groan-to-guffaw ratio .
Bears ... should keep parents amused with its low groan-to-guffaw ratio
usual intelligence and subtlety
Raimi and his team could n't have done any better in bringing the story of Spider-Man to the big screen .
Ramsay , as in Ratcatcher , remains a filmmaker with an acid viewpoint and a real gift for teasing chilly poetry out of lives and settings that might otherwise seem drab and sordid .
Rabbit-Proof Fence will probably make you angry . But it will just as likely make you weep , and it will do so in a way that does n't make you feel like a sucker .
Rabbit-Proof Fence will probably make you angry . But it will just as likely make you weep , and it will do so in a way that does n't make you feel like a sucker
Despite the film 's shortcomings , the stories are quietly moving .
Despite its shortcomings , Girls Ca n't Swim represents an engaging and intimate first feature by a talented director to watch , and it 's a worthy entry in the French coming-of-age genre .
Despite its title , Punch-Drunk Love is never heavy-handed . The jabs it employs are short , carefully placed and dead-center .
Despite the 2-D animation , The Wild Thornberrys Movie makes for a surprisingly cinematic experience .
the film , directed by Joel Zwick , is heartfelt and hilarious in ways you ca n't fake .
is the film Roman Polanski may have been born to make
the film above anything Sandler 's been attached to before
is the director 's talent
is the director 's talent .
is the best he 's been in years
A keep - 'em - guessing plot and an affectionate take on its screwed-up characters .
A keep - 'em - guessing plot and an affectionate take on its screwed-up characters
A hypnotic portrait of this sad , compulsive life .
A journey that is as difficult for the audience to take as it is for the protagonist -- yet it 's potentially just as rewarding .
A journey that is as difficult for the audience to take as it is for the protagonist -- yet it 's potentially just as rewarding
talented people
talking a talk that appeals to me
the charm of Satin Rouge
the charisma of Hugh Grant and Sandra Bullock
talking to Americans . That 's muy loco , but no more ridiculous than most of
talented director as Chen Kaige
talented friends
rekindle the magic of the first film
Tailored to entertain !
Tautou remains captivating throughout Michele 's religious and romantic quests , and she is backed by a likable cast .
TV
Tadpole is very much a step in the right direction , with its blend of frankness , civility and compassion .
Munch 's screenplay is tenderly observant of his characters . He watches them as they float within the seas of their personalities . His scenes are short and often unexpected .
Much of what we see is horrible but it 's also undeniably exceedingly clever .
Some remarkable achival film
Some remarkable achival film about how Shanghai ( of all places )
Some remarkable achival film about how Shanghai ( of all places ) served Jews who escaped the Holocaust .
Something for everyone
left sitting in the sun
a decent glimpse into a time period , and
a deeply serious movie
a delightful , well-crafted family film
a delicate , surgical touch
unequivocally
Instead of simply handling conventional material in a conventional way
revigorates the mind to see a feature that concentrates on people , a project in which the script and characters hold sway .
revenge , and romance
reverent , and subtly different
revigorates
revisionist
revisionist fancy
Barry 's dead-eyed , perfectly chilled delivery
one can honestly describe as looking , sounding and simply feeling like no other film in recent history
one appreciate Silence of the Lambs
the story and theme make up for it
one carried by a strong sense of humanism
the story compels
like a change in ( Herzog 's ) personal policy
psychologically
psychologically rich
psychologically rich and
psychologically rich and suspenseful
pull a cohesive story out
some laughs
some laughs and
some jazzy new revisionist theories about the origins of Nazi politics and aesthetics
some intelligent observations on the success of Bollywood
some intelligent observations
some laughs and a smile
007
... In this incarnation its fizz is infectious .
-- violence and whimsy do n't combine easily -- `` Cherish '' certainly is n't dull .
your own precious life
's rendering of Puccini 's tale of devotion
's seldom boring
laughed throughout the movie
the energetic and always surprising performance
The cast has a high time
The cast has a high time ,
The campy results make Mel Brooks ' Borscht Belt schtick look sophisticated .
The camera twirls ! Oh , look at that clever angle ! Wow , a jump cut !
The bottom line with Nemesis is the same as it has been with all the films in the series : Fans will undoubtedly enjoy it , and the uncommitted need n't waste their time on it .
balance pointed , often incisive satire and unabashed sweetness ,
balance pointed , often incisive satire and unabashed sweetness , with results that are sometimes bracing , sometimes baffling and quite often , and in unexpected ways , touching
balanced or fair
balances both Traditional or Modern stories
balances both Traditional or Modern stories together in a manner that one never overwhelms the other .
balances both Traditional or Modern stories together in a manner that one never overwhelms the other . Something for everyone
balances both Traditional or Modern stories together in a manner that one never overwhelms the other . Something for everyone .
balances real-time rhythms
balances real-time rhythms with propulsive incident
though he only scratches the surface , at least he provides a strong itch to explore more .
, it 's Black Hawk Down with more heart . At its worst , it 's Rambo - meets-John Ford .
, is often as fun to watch as a good spaghetti western .
very satisfying
punch and depth
own Mystery Science Theatre 3000 tribute
Content merely
high-powered
smoothly enough
revelled in the entertaining shallows
revered TV show
revered
without neglecting character development for even one minute
without once denying the hardscrabble lives of people on the economic fringes of Margaret Thatcher 's ruinous legacy
a movie that will make you laugh
is an ode to unconditional love and compassion garnered from years of seeing it all , a condition only the old are privy to , and ... often misconstrued as weakness
a movie that will leave you wondering about the characters ' lives after the clever credits roll
for people who make movies and watch them
, Much Ado About Something is an amicable endeavor .
for once
for originality , wit , or intelligence
confidently orchestrated , aesthetically and sexually
confidently orchestrated
confidently
confident enough to step back and look at the sick character with a sane eye
confirms Lynne Ramsay as an important , original talent in international cinema
like the new footage
a movie-movie than a funny and weird meditation on Hollywood , success , artistic integrity and intellectual bankruptcy
its slightly humorous and tender story
it to a crystalline point
a technically well-made suspenser ...
a thought-provoking
a thought-provoking , haunting
a thought-provoking ,
a thought-provoking , haunting film
they can sustain the poetic flights in Burdette 's dialogue
they bring a fresh , quirky charm to the formula
they bring a fresh , quirky charm to the formula .
they are magnificent
they 're each interesting .
they 're presented with a wry dark humor .
is its unforced comedy-drama and its relaxed , natural-seeming actors .
moments of promise
without doubt an artist of uncompromising vision
without intent
is suspenseful and ultimately unpredictable ,
is suspenseful and ultimately unpredictable , with a sterling ensemble cast
is suspenseful and ultimately unpredictable
is struck less by its lavish grandeur than by its intimacy and precision
everyman 's romance comedy
everyman 's romance
This is not an easy film . But it could be , by its art and heart , a necessary one
This is one of the rarest kinds of films : a family-oriented non-Disney film that is actually funny without hitting below the belt .
This is one of the outstanding thrillers of recent years .
great , participatory spectator sport
great American adventure
great and a terrible story
great companion piece
great credit
Mordantly funny and intimately knowing ...
its emphasis on caring for animals and respecting other cultures
its economical
its ecological , pro-wildlife sentiments are certainly welcome
its diverting grim message is a good one
its director 's cut glory
such exuberance and passion
the Vertical Limit of surfing movies -
the Vertical Limit of surfing movies - memorable stunts with lots of downtime in between
for the mind
the Vertical Limit of surfing movies
reach the heart
reach far beyond its core demographic
is either a saving dark humor or the feel of poetic tragedy .
stand as intellectual masterpieces next to The Scorpion King .
its most vibrant scene
its message of Christian love and compassion
unsettlingly realistic results
sibling reconciliation with flashes of warmth and gentle humor
spirited and touching occasion
one makes
as a fanciful film about the typical problems of average people
as a cult film
smart , sassy and exceptionally charming
smart , sassy and
smart , sassy
smart , provocative drama
smart , nuanced look
smart , funny look
smart , funny and just honest enough to provide the pleasures of a slightly naughty , just-above-average off - Broadway play
smart , compelling drama
smart , compelling
most slyly exquisite anti-adult movies
most triumphant
most savagely hilarious
of her considerable talents
tangy new humor
tangy new
tangy
talents
talented
The script by David Koepp is perfectly serviceable and because he gives the story some soul ...
The script by David Koepp is perfectly serviceable and because he gives the story some soul ... he elevates the experience to a more mythic level
The script by David Koepp is perfectly serviceable and because he gives the story some soul
The screenplay never lets us forget that Bourne was once an amoral assassin just like the ones who are pursuing him ... There is never really a true '' us '' versus '' them '' .
Fast-paced and wonderfully edited , the film is extremely thorough .
Fast-paced and wonderfully edited
the comic elements of the premise
Fast and funny ,
Fast and funny
Fast and funny , an action cartoon that 's suspenseful enough for older kids but not too scary for the school-age crowd .
Fast and funny , an action cartoon that 's suspenseful enough for older kids but not too scary for the school-age crowd
Fast-paced and
Fast-paced
Ms . Bullock 's best work in some time
offers winning performances and some effecting moments
Mr . Tsai is a very original artist in his medium , and What Time Is It There ? should be seen at the very least for its spasms of absurdist humor .
Much as we might be interested in gratuitous sexualization , Haneke has a different objective in mind
Ms . Seigner and Mr . Serrault bring fresh , unforced naturalism to their characters .
Ms . Seigner and Mr . Serrault bring fresh
Much as we might be interested in gratuitous sexualization , Haneke has a different objective in mind -- namely
have fun with it
have earned a 50-year friendship
have chemistry both as friends and lovers
have developed some taste
sweet and enjoyable fantasy
sweet and sexy
sweet Cinderella story
sweet and enjoyable
sweet and sexy film
sweet spot
offers piercing domestic drama with spikes of sly humor .
return to the more traditional action genre
retrospectively , his most personal work yet .
offers piercing domestic drama with spikes of sly humor
movie moment gems
about a universally interesting soul
the ups and downs of friendships
the fun-loving libertine lost somewhere inside the conservative , handbag-clutching Sarandon
is so funny in drag he should consider permanent sex-reassignment
is so engagingly messing around like Slob City reductions of Damon Runyon crooks
is so funny in drag
sealed with a kiss
Sparkling , often hilarious romantic jealousy comedy
Sparkling
Sorvino
Sorvino is delightful in the central role . She nearly glows with enthusiasm , sensuality and a conniving wit .
Sorvino is delightful in the central role .
something different
Lovingly choreographed bloodshed taking place in a pristine movie neverland , basically .
Muccino seems to be exploring the idea of why human beings long for what they do n't have , and how this gets us in trouble .
Muccino , who directed from his own screenplay , is a canny crowd pleaser , and The Last Kiss ... provides more than enough sentimental catharsis for a satisfying evening at the multiplex .
Good Thing
Much of All About Lily Chou-Chou is mesmerizing :
Much of All About Lily Chou-Chou is mesmerizing
The Bourne Identity proves that a fresh take is always possible
The Bourne Identity is what summer screen escapism used to be in the decades when it was geared more to grownups .
The Bourne Identity proves that a fresh take is always possible .
A momentary escape from the summer heat and the sedentary doldrums that set in at this time of year
n't have to know about music to appreciate the film 's easygoing blend of comedy and romance
Just as the recent Argentine film Son of the Bride reminded us that a feel-good movie can still show real heart
Just because A Walk to Remember
Just as the recent Argentine film Son of the Bride reminded us that a feel-good movie can still show real heart , Time of Favor presents us with an action movie that actually has a brain .
a bright sheen
a bright sheen .
a bright , chipper style
a bright , chipper style that keeps things moving , while never quite managing to connect her wish-fulfilling characters to the human race
( Seagal 's )
, El Bola is a movie steeped in an ambiguity that lends its conflicts a symbolic resonance .
, Divine Secrets of the Ya-Ya Sisterhood is nurturing , in a gauzy , dithering way .
, Denzel Washington delivers a lean and engaging work .
, De Niro digs deep emotionally , perhaps because he 's been stirred by the powerful work of his co-stars .
, Columbus capturou o pomo de ouro .
, Clooney 's a good director .
, Clockstoppers will fulfill your wildest fantasies about being a different kind of time traveler , while happily killing 94 minutes .
, Auto Focus becomes both gut-bustingly funny and crushingly depressing .
that most frightening of all movies --
Its rawness and vitality give it considerable punch .
Its rawness and vitality
frosting
aesthetically and sexually
affecting , amusing , sad and reflective
of the familiar masterpiece
of the creative forces behind it
of the delicate characters
of the emotional development of the delicate characters
of the director 's previous Full Frontal
impeccable
would make this a moving experience for people who have n't read the book
much to enjoy
Got Her Groove Back
Good movie
pegged into the groove of a New York dating comedy with ` issues ' to simplify
Good movie . Good actress .
Good movie . Good actress . But if you expect light romantic comedy , good gosh , will you be shocked .
Got
oddly sweet comedy
oddly sweet
of '' Intacto 's '' dangerous and seductively stylish game
ode to unconditional love and compassion garnered from years of seeing it all , a condition only the old are privy to , and ... often misconstrued as weakness
Jim Carrey
the evocative aesthetics
the excellent 1934 MGM version
remarkably accessible and haunting
to seek our tears , our sympathies
to see people working so hard at leading lives of sexy intrigue , only to be revealed by the dispassionate Gantz brothers as ordinary , pasty lumpen
to see over and over again
starts out
star power , a pop-induced score
We want the funk - and this movie 's got it
We want the funk - and this movie 's got it .
's old-fashioned in all the best possible ways
's one of the few ` cool ' actors who never seems aware of his own coolness
's one of the few ` cool ' actors who never seems aware of his own coolness .
Elling , portrayed with quiet fastidiousness by Per Christian Ellefsen , is a truly singular character , one whose frailties are only slightly magnified versions of the ones that vex nearly everyone .
be found a tough beauty
be familiar
be engaging
be entertaining
Elling , portrayed with quiet fastidiousness by Per Christian Ellefsen ,
adorably whimsical comedy
adrenaline boost
adult world
the teens
startling film
steady , if not very imaginative ,
by letting you share her one-room world for a while
by movies ' end you 'll swear you are wet in some places and feel sand creeping in others
the human cost of the conflict that came to define a generation
would make it a great piece to watch with kids and use to introduce video as art .
would have liked it more if it had just gone that one step further
having an old friend
have you swinging from the trees hooting it 's praises
having so much fun
having an old friend for dinner '
a provocative piece of work
a provocative piece
a profit .
Though the aboriginal aspect lends the ending an extraordinary poignancy , and the story
A live-wire film
The film is saved from are n't - kids-cute sentimentality by a warmth that is n't faked and a stately sense of composition .
The film is stark , straightforward and deadly ... an unnatural calm that 's occasionally shaken by ... blasts of rage , and later , violent jealousy . '
The film jolts the laughs from the audience -- as if by cattle prod .
The film just might turn on many people to opera , in general
The film is one of the year 's best .
The film is predictable in the reassuring manner of a beautifully sung holiday carol .
The film is reasonably entertaining , though it begins to drag two-thirds through , when the melodramatic aspects start to overtake the comedy .
The film just might turn on many people to opera , in general , an art form at once visceral and spiritual , wonderfully vulgar and sublimely lofty -- and as emotionally grand as life .
The film presents visceral and dangerously honest revelations about the men and machines behind the curtains of our planet .
tantalizing
's to this film 's ( and its makers ' ) credit that we believe that that 's exactly what these two people need to find each other -- and themselves
the film ) works
the dramatic gut-wrenching impact of other Holocaust films
the drama of Cube ? s personal revelations regarding what the shop means in the big picture
the dramatic gut-wrenching impact
not a cozy or ingratiating work , but it 's challenging , sometimes clever , and always interesting , and those are reasons enough to see it .
serious subject matter and dark , funny humor
serious subject matter and
of movie that comes along only occasionally , one so unconventional , gutsy and perfectly
of motherhood deferred and desire
is only intermittently entertaining but it 's hard not to be a sucker for its charms
gutsy
a promising meditation on one of America 's most durable obsessions
the humor and intelligence of the script
the six-time winner
Unbreakable
Under a Red Bridge is a celebration of feminine energy , a tribute to the power of women to heal .
padding
Funny and also heartwarming without stooping to gooeyness .
page-turning
paean
pack a powerful emotional wallop
pack 'em in on the subcontinent
the best intentions
to be a suspenseful horror movie or a weepy melodrama
a plucky heroine
is so de palma . if you love him , you 'll like it .
is played out with such aching beauty and truth that it brings tears to your eyes
is often as fun to watch as a good spaghetti western
is often as fun
does the trick of making us care about its protagonist and celebrate his victories
dogged good will of the parents and ` vain ' Jia 's defoliation of ego , make the film touching despite some doldrums .
dogged good will of the parents and ` vain ' Jia 's defoliation of ego , make the film touching despite some doldrums
handle the mix of verbal jokes and
handsome-looking
handle the mix of verbal jokes and slapstick well . Their film
Divine
Divine Secrets of the Ya-Ya Sisterhood is nurturing , in a gauzy , dithering way .
Divine Secrets of the Ya-Ya Sisterhood may not be exactly divine , but it 's definitely -- defiantly -- ya ya , what with all of those terrific songs and spirited performances .
humane fighter
human moments
human power
humane and important
humane
completely honest ,
completely honest
Evokes the style and flash of the double-cross that made Mamet 's '' House of Games '' and last fall 's '' Heist '' so much fun .
Evokes the style and flash of the double-cross that made Mamet 's '' House of Games '' and last fall 's '' Heist '' so much fun
Evokes the 19th century with a subtlety that is an object lesson in period filmmaking .
Evokes the 19th century with a subtlety that is an object lesson in period filmmaking
Evil Dead II
completely delightful
Examines its explosive subject matter
par with the first one
along for the ride
ghetto fabulousness
getting together before a single frame had been shot and collectively vowing , ` This is going to be something really good . '
an emotional level , funnier
an emotional level , funnier ,
an elegantly balanced movie
an elegantly balanced movie -- every member of the ensemble has something fascinating to do --
an elegantly balanced movie -- every member of the ensemble has something fascinating to do -- that does n't reveal even a hint of artifice
an eloquent , deeply felt meditation
an eloquent , deeply felt meditation on the nature of compassion
dazed and enervated , drenched-in-the -
dazzling cinematography
's humorously tendentious intervention into the who-wrote-shakespeare controversy
that Hitchens ' obsession with Kissinger is , at bottom , a sophisticated flower child 's desire to purge the world of the tooth and claw of human power
Life or Something Like It is very much in the mold of feel-good movies
Like Dickens with his passages
Like Dickens with his passages , McGrath crafts quite moving scenes throughout his resolutely dramatic variation on the novel .
Like It
Like It is very much in the mold of feel-good movies
Like Leon , it 's frustrating and still oddly likable .
winning ensemble comedy
winning piece
winning star vehicle
winning squareness that would make it the darling of many a kids-and-family-oriented cable channel
a solid movie about people whose lives are anything but
a solid sci-fi thriller
a solid , well-formed satire .
a solid action pic
a solid ,
a solid , well-formed satire
a solid movie
a solid action pic that returns the martial arts master to top form
a solid cast
4Ever has the same sledgehammer appeal as Pokemon videos , but it breathes more on the big screen and induces headaches more slowly .
also need movies like Tim McCann 's Revolution No. 9 .
also is n't embarrassed to make you reach for the tissues
of a romantic crime comedy that turns out to be clever , amusing and unpredictable
relative
provides a fresh view of an old type
the original
An epic of grandeur and scale that 's been decades
An enjoyably half-wit remake of the venerable Italian comedy Big Deal on Madonna Street .
An enjoyably half-wit remake
An exciting and involving rock music doc
An excellent romp that boasts both a heart and a mind .
An excellent
An exciting and involving rock music doc , a smart and satisfying look inside that tumultuous world .
An exciting and involving rock music doc , a smart and satisfying
this goes after one truth ( the Ford administration 's complicity in tearing ` orphans ' from their mothers ) and stumbles upon others even more compelling .
the power and grace of one of the greatest natural sportsmen of modern times
agreeably startling
ahead of paint-by-number American blockbusters like Pearl Harbor , at least artistically .
ahead of paint-by-number American blockbusters like Pearl Harbor , at least
the politics involved in the creation of an extraordinary piece of music
toss logic and science into what is essentially a '' Dungeons and Dragons '' fantasy with modern military weaponry
can make it work
know how to please the eye
peppering the pages with memorable zingers
of awakening and ripening
of appealing characters
feel the beat down to your toes
Just a bunch of good actors
Just a bunch of good actors flailing around in a caper that 's neither original nor terribly funny
slightly better than Men in Black 2 as far as slapdash extraterrestrial comedies
As a good old-fashioned adventure for kids , Spirit : Stallion of the Cimarron is a winner .
the odd enjoyably chewy lump
the odds and the human spirit triumphs
is able to visualize schizophrenia
is about a domestic unit finding their way to joy
is about quiet , decisive moments between members of the cultural elite as they determine how to proceed as the world implodes
is about the need to stay in touch with your own skin , at 18 or 80
is about quiet , decisive moments between members of the cultural elite as they determine how to proceed as the world implodes .
Walter Hill 's Undisputed is like a 1940s Warner Bros . B picture , and I mean that as a compliment .
Wang at the forefront of China 's Sixth Generation of film makers
up to the task
the excitement of such '50s flicks
the experience is profound
the familiar by amalgamating genres and adding true human
the most practiced curmudgeon
is still charming here
is still pretty darned good
is still charming
is so fresh and free of the usual thriller nonsense that it all seems to be happening for the first time
is so fresh and
is so fresh and free of the usual thriller nonsense
The delicious trimmings ... arrive early and stay late , filling nearly every minute ... with a lighthearted glow , some impudent snickers , and a glorious dose of humankind 's liberating ability to triumph over a Scrooge or two .
The delicious trimmings ... arrive early and stay late , filling nearly every minute ... with a lighthearted glow , some impudent snickers , and a glorious dose of humankind 's liberating ability to triumph over a Scrooge or two
The delicious trimmings ...
The draw ( for `` Big Bad Love '' ) is a solid performance by Arliss Howard .
the most original fantasy film ever made
the most original fantasy film
the most original
you should applaud or look into having him committed
you love Motown music
the most original in years
you loved about it in 1982
This is what IMAX was made for : Strap on a pair of 3-D goggles , shut out the real world , and take a vicarious voyage to the last frontier -- space .
This is a film well worth seeing , talking and singing heads and all .
This is a startling film that gives you a fascinating , albeit depressing view of Iranian rural life close to the Iraqi border .
This is simply the most fun you 'll ever have with a documentary !
This is the best American movie about troubled teens since 1998 's Whatever .
This delicately observed story , deeply felt and masterfully stylized , is a triumph for its maverick director .
This insightful , Oscar-nominated documentary
This insightful , Oscar-nominated documentary , in which children on both sides of the ever-escalating conflict have their say away from watchful parental eyes , gives peace yet another chance .
of the wondrous beats
of the victorious revolutionaries
to provoke introspection in both its characters and its audience
constant smiles and frequent laughter
constant smiles and
constant smiles
consistently delightful
considerable punch
considerable
Short and sweet
Short and sweet , but also more than anything else slight ... Tadpole pulls back from the consequences of its own actions and revelations .
Despite some gulps the film is a fuzzy huggy .
Should be required viewing for civics classes and would-be public servants alike .
The gentle comic treatment of adolescent sturm und drang
The gentle comic treatment
The hard-to-predict and absolutely essential chemistry
The gentle comic treatment of adolescent sturm und drang should please fans of Chris Fuhrman 's posthumously published cult novel .
The funny thing
The hard-to-predict and absolutely essential chemistry between the down-to-earth Bullock and the nonchalant Grant proves to be sensational
The hard-to-predict and absolutely essential chemistry between the down-to-earth Bullock and the nonchalant Grant
most accomplished
most famous
most famous author
most fun
watch Witherspoon 's talents
sizzle it is
and delightful
and clever plot contrivances
and beautiful film
and beauty
imagery and
for the fleeting joys of love 's brief moment
of the smartest
of the real deal
humanism
the memorable experience
simple pleasures
comes together as a coherent whole .
watching Spy
despite a fairly slow paced , almost humdrum approach to character development , still manages at least a decent attempt at meaningful cinema
, gorgeous , sprawling swashbuckler
, gorgeously shot and beautifully
holland lets things peter out midway , but it 's notably better acted -- and far less crass - than some other recent efforts in the burgeoning genre of films about black urban professionals
holland lets things peter out midway , but it 's notably better acted -- and far less crass - than some other recent efforts in the burgeoning genre of films about black urban professionals .
, generally speaking , adored by the movie-going public
, genuine characters
, gives us a hero whose suffering and triumphs we can share , surrounds him with interesting characters and sends us out of the theater feeling
, good-humored ethnic comedy
, gorgeous , mind-blowing , breath-taking mess
's plenty of evidence
does have some very funny sequences
does his sly , intricate magic
that much different from many a Hollywood romance . What sets it apart is the vision that Taymor , the avant garde director of Broadway 's The Lion King and the film Titus , brings
simple message
This latest installment of the horror film franchise that is apparently as invulnerable as its trademark villain
to light on the screen
a cute alien creature who mimics everyone and everything around
a decent sense of humor and plenty
a decent sense of humor and plenty of things that go boom
a cute alien creature
as an intense , brooding character study
completely familiar
completely enlightening
top-notch creative team
said that he is an imaginative filmmaker who can see the forest for the trees
are very , very good reasons
are usually
are universal and involving
An odd drama set in the world of lingerie models and bar dancers in the Midwest that held my interest precisely because it did n't try to .
An involving , inspirational drama that sometimes falls
An invaluable historical document thanks to the filmmaker 's extraordinary access to Massoud , whose charm , cultivation and devotion to his people are readily apparent
An involving , inspirational drama
An invaluable historical document thanks to the filmmaker 's extraordinary access to Massoud , whose charm , cultivation and devotion to his people are readily apparent .
Chouraqui brings documentary-like credibility to the horrors of the killing field and the barbarism of ` ethnic cleansing . '
Chin 's film serves up with style and empathy
Cho 's previous concert comedy film
seems intimidated by both her subject matter and the period trappings of this debut venture into the heritage business .
undeniably moving film
beacon of hope
performed a difficult task indeed
an MTV , sugar hysteria
an Angel simplicity
glides
Writer\/director Burr Steers emphasizes the Q in Quirky , with mixed results .
to faith and rainbows
Marvelously entertaining and
Marvelously entertaining
Marvelously entertaining and deliriously joyous documentary .
Marvelously entertaining and deliriously
meant well in its horse tale about freedom ,
that most surprising
that no human screenwriter could have hoped to match
that misses the summer blockbusters
welcome or accept The Trials of Henry Kissinger as faithful portraiture
welcome with audiences
can find humor
a sea of constant smiles and frequent laughter
a searing lead performance
a searing lead
shows why , of all the period 's volatile romantic lives , Sand and Musset are worth particular attention
shows why , of all the period 's volatile romantic lives , Sand and Musset are worth particular attention .
results is the best performance from either in years
Jane Hamilton 's exemplary costumes
's both charming
's both charming and
's better than one might expect when you look at the list of movies starring Ice-T in a major role
's better than one might expect when you look at the list of movies starring Ice-T in a major role .
's become one of the movies ' creepiest conventions , in which the developmentally disabled
's better than its predecessor
Koury 's
some unexpected zigs and
a homage
pretty good team
score points for political correctness
authentic and dark .
be the best sex comedy about environmental pollution ever made
attuned
audacious return to form that can comfortably sit among Jean-Luc Godard 's finest work
reminds us of our own responsibility to question what is told as the truth
reminds us of our own responsibility
undeniably subversive and involving in its bold presentation
Beijing
undeniably gorgeous , terminally
reminds you that the key to stand-up is to always make it look easy , even though the reality is anything but
undeniably gorgeous
reminds you of why animation is such a perfect medium for children , because of the way it allows the mind to enter and accept another world .
undeniably moving
undeniably intriguing film
dazed and enervated ,
that neatly and effectively captures the debilitating grief
that nevertheless will leave fans clamoring for another ride
gets the tone just right
gets the tone just right --
gets the tone just right -- funny in the middle of sad in the middle of hopeful
gets the tone just right -- funny in the middle of sad in the middle of hopeful .
It 's not without its pleasures
gets under our skin and
for excitement
must be said that he is an imaginative filmmaker who can see the forest for the trees .
must go to Grant , who has n't lost a bit of the dry humor that first made audiences on both sides of the Atlantic love him
my enjoyment
my enjoyment came at the expense of seeing justice served , even if it 's a dish that 's best served cold
at once exhilarating , silly
at once exhilarating , silly ,
want to laugh at it
for drawing wrenching performances from his actors ( improvised over many months ) and for conveying the way tiny acts of kindness make ordinary life survivable
coasting . There are a few modest laughs
everywhere will forgive the flaws and love the film .
for each other
The movie is well shot and very tragic , and
The movie is well shot and very tragic , and one to ponder after the credits roll
The movie is well shot and very tragic
The movie is well shot and very tragic ,
The movie is well crafted , and well executed .
show a fair amount of intelligence and wit -- but
` It 's like having an old friend for dinner ' .
of getting under your skin and sticking with you long after it 's over
the film makes the viewer feel like the movie 's various victimized audience members after a while , but it also happens to be the movie 's most admirable quality
the film operates nicely off the element of surprise
lingering terror punctuated by sudden shocks and not constant bloodshed
link together
` Drumline ' shows a level of young , Black manhood that is funny , touching , smart and complicated .
will likely be nominated for an Oscar next year
of real interest
of real interest -
confidence
confessions is without a doubt a memorable directorial debut from king hunk .
he delivers a long , low-heat chase
, the film certainly does n't disappoint .
, the film acquires an undeniable entertainment value as the slight , pale Mr. Broomfield continues to force himself on people and into situations that would make lesser men run for cover .
through Balzac and the Little Chinese Seamstress that transforms this story about love and culture into a cinematic poem
, the film 's power lies in its complexity .
silly comedy
silly , outrageous , ingenious thriller
silly , outrageous , ingenious
significantly different ( and better ) than most films
significantly different ( and better )
are appealing
puts a suspenseful spin on standard horror flick formula
puts a suspenseful spin on standard horror flick formula .
puts a human face on Derrida , and makes one of the great minds of our times interesting and accessible to people who normally could n't care less
puts a human face on Derrida , and makes one of the great minds of our times interesting and accessible to people who normally could n't care less .
Redgrave 's noblest efforts
Redgrave 's noblest efforts can redeem it from hopeless sentimentality .
in effective if cheap moments of fright and dread
in eye-popping visuals
in exploring an attraction that crosses sexual identity
digs beyond the usual portrayals of good kids and bad seeds to reveal a more ambivalent set of characters and motivations
digs into their very minds
a few good ideas
a few good laughs
a few ear-pleasing songs
a few ear-pleasing songs on its soundtrack
of bravery
director Rick Famuyiwa 's emergence as an articulate , grown-up voice in African-American cinema
is extraordinarily good .
is extraordinarily good
is existential drama without any of the pretension associated with the term .
is for fans who ca n't stop loving anime , and the fanatical excess built into it
is far more interesting than the final destination
A simple tale of an unlikely friendship , but thanks to the gorgeous locales and exceptional lead performances , it has considerable charm .
A slam-bang extravaganza
A slam-bang extravaganza that
A slam-bang extravaganza that is all about a wild-and-woolly , wall-to-wall good time .
A slight but sweet film
A slight but sweet film .
A sloppy , amusing comedy
A sloppy , amusing comedy that proceeds from a stunningly unoriginal premise .
A sly female empowerment movie
of strength , warmth and vitality
of precious increments
Admirable
to watch as a good spaghetti western
too smart
far as slapdash
Admirable ,
the smarter ,
equal amounts of beautiful movement and inside information .
enveloping affection
equal amounts of beautiful movement and inside information
be steeped in '50s sociology , pop culture or movie lore to appreciate the emotional depth of Haynes ' work .
epic scale
epic American story
know the band or the album 's songs by heart
know-how
, it ai n't half-bad .
, it demonstrates that Werner Herzog can still leave us with a sense of wonder at the diverse , marvelously twisted shapes history has taken .
, it comes to life in the performances .
, it also leaves you intriguingly contemplative .
, it also has plenty for those ( like me ) who are n't .
It 's an entertaining movie , and
, it deserved all the hearts it won -- and wins still , 20 years later .
, creator of Adaptation and Being John Malkovich
listen to a teacher with humor , passion , and verve
lot to do with the casting of Juliette Binoche as Sand , who brings to the role her pale , dark beauty and characteristic warmth
loud special-effects-laden extravaganzas
treads where few American films dare to delve
fun-seeking summer audiences
a Vietnamese-born youngster who eagerly and easily assimilated as an all-American girl with a brand new name in southern Tennessee
must-see list
. Instead , she sees it as a chance to revitalize what is and always has been remarkable about clung-to traditions .
its characters and its audience
its charms and its funny moments
its charms and
provides a window into a subculture hell-bent on expressing itself in every way imaginable
interested in the sights and sounds of battle
thrillingly uses modern technology to take the viewer inside the wave .
Best Man ''
Bertrand Tavernier 's oft-brilliant Safe Conduct ( `` Laissez-passer '' ) wears its heart on its sleeve
Best Friend Remembers
Better effects , better acting and a hilarious Kenneth Branagh
Better effects , better acting and a hilarious Kenneth Branagh .
Better effects ,
Opens as promising as any war\/adventure film
n't the most transporting or gripping film from Iran -- or , indeed , by its director
opera 's a pleasure when you do n't have to endure intermissions --
that upends nearly every cliché
very compelling , sensitive , intelligent and
the heart and soul of cinema
very compelling , sensitive
very compelling ,
very compelling , sensitive , intelligent
very compelling , sensitive ,
these characters love each other
the fine work done by most of the rest of her cast
there is truth here
there is enough originality in ` Life ' to distance it from the pack of paint-by-number romantic comedies that so often end up on cinema screens .
These people are really going to love The Piano Teacher .
get a kick out of goofy Brits
to be said for a studio-produced film that never bothers to hand viewers a suitcase full of easy answers
to be proud of her Rubenesque physique
to be passionate and truthful
most breathtakingly designed
the beauty and power
among the chief reasons Brown Sugar is such a sweet and sexy film
a small but rewarding
a small but rewarding comedy
like a docu-drama but builds its multi-character story with a flourish
like a docu-drama but builds its multi-character story with a flourish .
a smart , romantic
a smart , romantic drama
the beauty and power of the opera
subtle , and resonant
uses water as a metaphor for subconscious desire
successful at lodging itself in the brain
succeeds due to its rapid-fire delivery
succeed merrily at their noble endeavor
welcomes a dash of the avant-garde fused with their humor
succeed merrily
alone will keep you watching , as will the fight scenes .
with sensitivity and skill
laughs and insight into one of the toughest ages a kid can go through .
laugther
also has many of the things that made the first one charming .
in favor
of a well-established genre
of masterpiece . It is , however , a completely honest , open-hearted
managed elements such as sound and cinematography with skill
of loyalty , courage and dedication
of magic
movie or an action-packed submarine spectacular
sex , duty and love
the gentle melding
relationships in such a straightforward , emotionally honest manner that by the end
the authenticity of the trappings
the humor is of the sweet , gentle and occasionally cloying kind that has become an Iranian specialty
's a very sincere work
Transcends its agenda to deliver awe-inspiring , at times sublime , visuals and offer a fascinating glimpse into the subculture of extreme athletes whose derring-do puts the X into the games .
the greatest romantic comedies
Transcends its agenda to deliver awe-inspiring , at times sublime , visuals and
Transcends its agenda to deliver awe-inspiring , at times sublime , visuals and offer a fascinating glimpse into the subculture of extreme athletes whose derring-do puts the X into the games
Transcends
Transcends its agenda to deliver awe-inspiring , at times sublime , visuals
these bromides would be barely enough to sustain an interstitial program on the Discovery Channel . But in Imax 3-D , the clichés disappear into the vertiginous perspectives opened up by the photography
the year 's most thought-provoking film . But it pays a price for its intricate intellectual gamesmanship
the writings of Jean Genet and John Rechy , the films of Fassbinder , perhaps
has any sting to it
has all the sibling rivalry and general family chaos to which anyone can relate .
has an odd purity that does n't bring you into the characters so much as it has you study them .
on the premise
lead performances
, more incredible
lay her life bare in front of an audience .
leads chomp considerably more scenery with their acting than fire-breathing monsters barbecue with their breath ...
would have a good time here .
the music defines a generation
a gamble and last orders are to be embraced .
a funny , puzzling movie
a funny ( sometimes hilarious ) comedy with a deft sense of humor about itself , a playful spirit and a game cast
a funny little film
a funny , puzzling movie ambiguous enough to be engaging and oddly moving
a game supporting cast
acted and directed , it 's clear that Washington most certainly has a new career ahead of him
An epic
his latest effort ,
covering all the drama
An epic of grandeur and scale that 's been decades gone from the popcorn pushing sound stages of Hollywood .
the glorious chicanery and self-delusion
that trademark grin of his
tribute
`` A '' range
`` 13 Conversations About One Thing '' is an intelligent flick that examines many different ideas from happiness to guilt in an intriguing bit of storytelling .
Holland lets things peter out midway , but it 's notably better acted -- and far less crass - than some other recent efforts in the burgeoning genre of films about black urban professionals .
, even delectable
, every once in a while a film arrives from the margin that gives viewers a chance to learn , to grow , to travel .
, every blighter in this particular South London housing project digs into dysfunction like it 's a big , comforting jar of Marmite , to be slathered on crackers and served as a feast of bleakness .
The history is fascinating ;
The heat of the moment prevails . It cooks Conduct in a low , smoky and inviting sizzle .
The heart of the film is a touching reflection on aging , suffering and the prospect of death .
The heart of the film
everybody else is in the background
the special effects and narrative flow
are capable of anteing up some movie star charisma
are capable of anteing up some movie star charisma when they need it to sell us on this twisted love story , but who can also negotiate the movie 's darker turns
are both excellent
are amiable and committed
are an actor who can relate to the search for inner peace by dramatically depicting the lives of others onstage
of being the big hit franklin
of artistic collaboration
of alexandre dumas ' classic
of a golden book sprung to life
of Balto
an irrepressible passion
his vitality
that holds up well after two decades
his unemployment . Good film ,
his unemployment . Good film
's ) a clever thriller with enough unexpected twists to keep our interest .
's ) quite a bit of heart , as you would expect from the directors of The Little Mermaid and Aladdin
're touched by the film 's conviction that all life centered on that place , that time and that sport
's ) a clever thriller with enough unexpected twists to keep our interest
're wrapped up in the characters , how they make their choices , and why
seems just as expectant of an adoring , wide-smiling reception .
can be a knockout
can be as intelligent as this one is in every regard except its storyline
is a brilliant movie
a few cute moments
a feel-good movie can still show real heart
a feel-good fantasy
a few advantages
A perfectly respectable , perfectly inoffensive
A photographic marvel
A new film from Bill Plympton , the animation master , is always welcome .
A penetrating , potent exploration of sanctimony , self-awareness , self-hatred and self-determination
the animation master
the animé tradition and its defining philosophical conscience
A photographic marvel of sorts , and it 's certainly an invaluable record of that special fishy community .
A photographic marvel of sorts , and it
the amazing Spider-Man
I laughed so much that I did n't mind
is a children 's film in the truest sense
the spectacle
the special effects and narrative flow much improved , and Daniel Radcliffe more emotionally assertive this time around as Harry
as far as art is concerned , it 's mission accomplished
as fresh or enjoyable
as filling as the treat of the title
as funny or entertaining
crafting
the soul adventure of marriage
The pleasures of Super Troopers may be fleeting , but they 'll register strongly with anybody who still retains a soft spot for precollegiate humor
cheeky
the spare precision of the narratives
New York locales and sharp writing
of pastel colors and prankish comedy from Disney
logistically
a Down video
So , too , is this comedy about mild culture clashing in today 's New Delhi .
Smart and taut .
Smart and taut
saving grace
The viewer takes great pleasure in watching the resourceful Molly stay a step ahead of her pursuers .
Excellent Adventure
Excellent acting and direction
Exactly what it claims to be -- a simple diversion for the kids
Excellent acting and direction .
young talent
, see Scratch for the music , see Scratch for a lesson in scratching , but , most of all , see it for the passion .
you-are-there immediacy
Far more enjoyable than its predecessor .
Although tender and touching
Although shot with little style , Skins is heartfelt and achingly real .
Although largely a heavy-handed indictment of parental failings and the indifference of Spanish social workers and legal system towards child abuse , the film retains ambiguities that make it well worth watching .
you have nothing better to do with 94 minutes .
Everything you loved about it in 1982 is still there , for everybody who wants to be a kid again , or show it to their own kids .
Everywhere the camera looks there is something worth seeing .
Evokes
Evokes a little of the fear that parents have for the possible futures of their children -- and the sometimes bad choices mothers and fathers make in the interests of doing them good .
Exquisitely
are profound and thoughtfully delivered
are often funny fanatics
Darling
: It 's careful , conscientious and makes no major mistakes .
the memorable character creations
, savvy , compelling
is due primarily to the perkiness of Witherspoon ( who is always a joy to watch , even when her material is not first-rate )
is dreamy and evocative
is driven by appealing leads
most splendid
's low-cal Woody at best
short of true inspiration
will surely widen the perspective of those of us who see the continent through rose-colored glasses
will strike a chord with anyone who 's ever
will still come away with a sense of his reserved but existential poignancy .
will still come away with a sense of his reserved but existential poignancy
attraction and interdependence
attractive men
attract upscale audiences hungry for quality and a nostalgic , twisty yarn that will keep them guessing
attraction
attention , the '' big twists
passionate enthusiasms
passionate enthusiasms like Martin Scorsese
that an American movie might demand
that a strong , unified showing among Germany and Eastern European Jews might have changed 20th-Century history
that are all the more impressive for their lack of showiness
intermittently hilarious
interestingly
intermittently powerful study
intermittently powerful
serious subject matter and dark
piece to watch with kids and use to introduce video as art
picking apart human foibles , not afraid to lay her life bare in front of an audience
photographed with colour and depth , and rather a good time .
photographed with colour and depth , and rather a good time
its unusual relationship slowly unfolds
its warm
its wryly subversive tone
prolific director
most savagely hilarious social critics
serious-minded the film
lends itself beautifully to filming the teeming life on the reefs , making this gorgeous film a must for everyone from junior scientists to grown-up fish lovers
several modest chuckles
is somewhat satisfying -- it still comes from Spielberg , who has never made anything that was n't at least watchable .
tight and nasty
still photographs and charming old reel-to-reel recordings of Meeropol entertaining his children to create his song history , but most powerful of all
's what makes their project so interesting
two words to say about reign of fire . great dragons
tweak them with a taste of tangy new humor
is something rare and riveting : a wild ride that relies on more than special effects
Washington as possibly the best actor working in movies today
is about the people who live in them , who have carved their own comfortable niche in the world and have been kind enough to share it .
honest observations
is about the people who live in them , who have carved their own comfortable niche in the world and have been kind enough to share it
The actresses find their own rhythm and protect each other from the script 's bad ideas and awkwardness .
The actors are simply too good , and the story too intriguing , for technical flaws to get in the way .
The actors are simply too good , and the story too intriguing ,
The actors are simply too good , and the story too intriguing
The actors are simply too good , and
The actors are simply too good ,
The actors are simply too good
wow
the likes
directs the traffic well , gets a nice wintry look from his locations , absorbs us with the movie 's spycraft
directs the traffic well , gets a nice wintry look from his locations , absorbs us with the movie 's spycraft and
directs the traffic well , gets a nice wintry look from his locations
directs the traffic well , gets a nice wintry look from his locations ,
distinguished and
displays a rare gift
possibilities which imbue the theme with added depth and resonance
, but it 's a compelling story , mainly because of the way it 's told by the people who were there .
, but a lively script , sharp acting and partially animated interludes make Just a Kiss seem minty fresh .
, but its boasts a huge charm factor and smacks of originality .
, but it wears its B-movie heritage like a badge of honor .
, but it 's done with a lot of careful period attention as well as some very welcome wit .
it 's sweet ... but
it 's sweet
it 's sweet ...
it 's still pretty tasty
it 's rare to find a film to which the adjective ` gentle ' applies , but the word perfectly describes pauline & paulette
it 's rare to find a film to which the adjective ` gentle ' applies , but the word perfectly describes pauline & paulette .
it 's rare to find a film to which the adjective ` gentle ' applies ,
it 's rare to find a film to which the adjective ` gentle ' applies , but
the energetic frontman
funnier gags
funky look into an artificial creation in a world that thrives on artificiality
funniest film
funniest 5 minutes
funnier than being about something
funniest moments
funniest moment
a charismatic charmer
of funny movies
of four fine
about this silly , outrageous , ingenious thriller
the film 's crisp , unaffected style and air of gentle longing
mystical
bleakly amusing about how we go about our lives
blessing
the film 's considerable charm
boasts a huge charm factor
mysterious , sensual , emotionally intense , and
boasts a huge charm factor and smacks of originality
how clever
mysterious , sensual , emotionally intense , and replete
has been properly digested
has been properly digested .
the Bees Knees
If a big musical number like ` Praise the Lord , He 's the God of Second Chances ' does n't put you off , this will be an enjoyable choice for younger kids .
mysterious , sensual , emotionally intense ,
the Audience Award
The most amazing super-sized dosage of goofball
thrills from your Halloween entertainment
sometimes creepy intimacy
The most amazing super-sized dosage
its technical virtuosity
its total promise
skilled ensemble actors
surprisingly effective Peter\/Spider-Man
A marvel of production design
A tightly directed , highly professional film that 's old-fashioned in all the best possible ways .
may ... work as a jaunt down memory lane for teens and young adults who grew up on televised Scooby-Doo shows or reruns .
may be as history
A thoughtful , reverent portrait
A thoughtful , reverent portrait of what is essentially a subculture , with its own rules regarding love and family , governance and hierarchy .
that begins as a Seven rip-off , only to switch to a mix of The Shining , The Thing , and any naked teenagers horror flick from the 1980s
never fails to entertain
alternately amused and
come away from his film overwhelmed , hopeful and , perhaps paradoxically , illuminated
restore
takes place in Pasadena , `` a city where people still read
a powerful look at a failure of our justice system
injects freshness and spirit into the romantic comedy genre , which has been held hostage by generic scripts that seek to remake Sleepless in Seattle again and again
is entertaining for what it does , and admirable for what it does n't do
is destined to be the 21st Century 's new '' Conan '' and that he 's going to make a splash even greater than Arnold Schwarzenegger , Jean-Claud Van Damme or Steven Segal .
is destined to be the 21st Century 's new '' Conan '' and that he 's going to make a splash even greater than Arnold Schwarzenegger , Jean-Claud Van Damme or Steven Segal
is great in his role
is fun
inimitable scenes
The cast , collectively a successful example of the lovable-loser protagonist ,
Love Liza
Love '' is a little like a chocolate milk moustache ...
Lots of effort and intelligence are on display but
Features one of the most affecting depictions of a love affair ever committed to film .
Features what is surely the funniest and most accurate depiction of writer 's block ever .
Features
Features one of the most affecting depictions of a love affair
The cast is top-notch
The cast is top-notch and
The cast delivers without sham the raw-nerved story .
Despite the film 's bizarre developments , Hoffman keeps us riveted with every painful nuance , unexpected flashes of dark comedy and the character 's gripping humanity .
a thrilling sci-fi cinematic ride
it is does not rely on dumb gags , anatomical humor , or character cliches
it is handled with intelligence and care
-- the kind of intimate and character-driven film that Bille August does best .
. '' It 's astonishing .
takes hold .
takes hold and grips
takes great pleasure in watching the resourceful Molly stay a step ahead of her pursuers .
takes hold
takes great pleasure
takes form
takes full , chilling advantage of its rough-around-the-edges , low-budget constraints
just might go down as one of the all-time great apocalypse movies .
takes hold and grips hard
takes hold and grips hard .
grown up
some first-rate performances
looking at his 12th Oscar nomination
dialogue and delightful performance
Brady
exalts the Marxian dream of honest working folk
exalts the Marxian dream of honest working folk ,
exalts the Marxian dream of honest working folk , with little to show for their labor , living harmoniously , joined in song .
examines many different ideas from happiness to guilt in an intriguing bit of storytelling
examines many different ideas from happiness
look no further ,
a group of people together in a sweet and charming way , if a little convenient
a haunting literary detective story
a haunting vision
a happy throwback
a happy throwback to the time when cartoons were cinema 's most idiosyncratic form instead of one of its most predictable
Slight but enjoyable documentary .
Slap Her is a small but rewarding comedy that takes aim at contemporary southern adolescence and never lets up .
car chase
capturing the climate of the times and , perhaps unwittingly , relating it to what is happening in America in 2002
radiant ,
color , music , and dance that only the most practiced curmudgeon could fail to crack a smile at
the most transporting or gripping film
Spike Lee 's Jim Brown : All American at long last gives its subject a movie worthy of his talents .
Spike Lee 's Jim Brown : All American at long last gives its subject a movie worthy of his talents
Sound the trumpets : For the first time since Desperately Seeking Susan , Madonna does n't suck as an actress .
Spanish film
Austin Powers extravaganza
( or Robert Aldrich
( no more racist portraits of Indians , for instance )
( including a knockout of a closing line )
dazzling thing to behold -- as long as you 're wearing the somewhat cumbersome 3D goggles the theater
dazzling pop entertainment
dazzling panoramic shots that make the most of the large-screen format , before swooping down on a string of exotic locales , scooping the whole world up in a joyous communal festival of rhythm
dazzling panoramic shots
dazzling dream
solid and affecting and exactly as thought-provoking
solid and affecting and exactly as thought-provoking as it should be
solid and affecting
some truly unique character studies
some truly unique character studies and a cross-section of Americana
Gussied up
from the best of the series
from stock redneck ` types '
victorious
universal and involving
uniqueness
uniquely itself
universal in its themes of loyalty , courage and dedication
A well-rounded tribute to a man whose achievements -- and complexities -- reached far beyond the end zone .
A whale of a good time for both children and parents
A whale of a good time for both children and parents seeking Christian-themed fun
Highbrow self-appointed guardians of culture need not apply , but those who loved Cool as Ice have at last found a worthy follow-up .
Highbrow
shining with all the usual Spielberg flair , expertly utilizing the talents of his top-notch creative team
Hilarious
Highlights are the terrific performances by Christopher Plummer , as the prime villain , and Nathan Lane as Vincent Crummles , the eccentric theater company manager .
appealing leads
a world of artistic abandon and political madness and very nearly
appealing enough
appealing enough to probably have a good shot at a Hollywood career , if they want one
appealing character quirks
appealing character quirks to forgive that still serious problem
appeal to women looking for a howlingly trashy time
appeals
appeals to the storytelling instincts of a slightly more literate filmgoing audience
shining with all the usual Spielberg flair , expertly
Alexandre Dumas classic
is good at being the ultra-violent gangster wannabe
is good for a laugh . The problem
the final dance work , The Selection
What the movie lacks in action it more than makes up for in drama , suspense , revenge , and romance .
What saves it ... and makes it one of the better video-game-based flicks , is that the film acknowledges upfront that the plot makes no sense , such that the lack of linearity is the point of emotional and moral departure for protagonist Alice .
immersed in a foreign culture only
What results is the best performance from either in years
What redeems the film is the cast , particularly the Ya-Yas themselves .
What makes this film special is Serry 's ability to take what is essentially a contained family conflict and put it into a much larger historical context .
Whatever complaints I might have , I 'd take ( its ) earnest errors and hard-won rewards over the bombastic self-glorification of other feel-good fiascos like Antwone Fisher or The Emperor 's Club any time .
, this is one of the best-sustained ideas I have ever seen on the screen .
with a final lap that 's all too suspiciously smooth
Hollywood action epics
Hollywood action epics .
ponder and chew on as its unusual relationship slowly unfolds
to the power of the eccentric and the strange
to the edge of your seat , tense with suspense
shakes you vigorously for its duration
shakes you vigorously
of the way it allows the mind to enter and accept another world
of the very best movies
Not for everyone , but for those with whom it will connect
substantial or fresh
expanded vision
expect light romantic comedy , good gosh
Coen Brothers
a performance of sustained intelligence from Stanford and another of subtle humour from Bebe Neuwirth
on every frame of this stylish film that is able to visualize schizophrenia but is still confident enough to step back and look at the sick character with a sane eye
on different levels
She is a lioness , protecting her cub , and he a reluctant villain
with few exceptions , it rarely stoops to cheap manipulation or corny conventions to do it
has twists worthy of David Mamet
She is a lioness , protecting her cub , and he a reluctant villain ,
. He makes you realize that deep inside righteousness can be found a tough beauty .
. Great dragons
Attal and Gainsbourg 's )
have fun into a rousing treatise of sensual empowerment
have in our hearts for acceptance within the family circle
of careful period attention as well as some very welcome wit
to a T.
featuring an Oscar-worthy performance by Julianne Moore .
featuring an Oscar-worthy performance
not to mention mysterious , sensual , emotionally intense , and replete with virtuoso throat-singing .
notable for its sheer audacity and openness
notable largely for its overwhelming creepiness , for an eagerness
noteworthy
with '' The Bourne Identity '' we return to the more traditional action genre .
with Chaplin and Kidman , who are capable of anteing up some movie star charisma when they need it to sell us on this twisted love story , but who can also negotiate the movie 's darker turns
is utterly fearless as the tortured husband
some of the filmmakers who have directed him , especially the Coen brothers and Steven Soderbergh
some intriguing characters
some interesting storytelling devices
some lovely comedic moments and
some lovely comedic moments
some nice twists
some lovely comedic moments and several fine performances
be the best play of the 19th century . It 's so good that its relentless , polished wit can withstand not only inept school productions , but even Oliver Parker 's movie adaptation
be the best and most mature comedy of the 2002 summer season speaks more of the season than the picture
embraces life in public
be significantly different ( and better ) than most films with this theme
be significantly different ( and better ) than most films
be sensational
be sweet and wickedly satisfying
ponder the whole notion of passion
Strip it of all its excess debris , and you 'd have a 90-minute , four-star movie .
Strip
good sources ,
good writers
important director
the grandkids or the grandparents
is a well worn conceit
is a well worn conceit .
typically observant , carefully nuanced
entirely irresistible
robert de niro for the tv-cops comedy showtime
if rather precious ,
if rather precious
praise
its good nature
acts light on great scares and a good surprise ending
acts light on great scares and a good surprise ending .
precious increments
become cinematic poetry
become a classic
Search it out
Secretary
Secretary stays in your head and makes you question your own firmly held positions .
imagine anybody being able to tear their eyes away from the screen
imagine a scenario where Bergman approaches Swedish fatalism using Gary Larson 's Far Side humor
imaginative through out
imaginative kid 's movie
's also undeniably exceedingly clever
the most emotional resonance
coming through in the end
's almost impossible not to be swept away by the sheer beauty of his images
's almost impossible not to be swept away by the sheer beauty of his images .
's also a -- dare I say it twice -- delightfully charming -- and totally American , I might add -- slice of comedic bliss
's also a -- dare I say it twice -- delightfully charming -- and totally American , I might add -- slice of comedic bliss .
's also pretty funny
's also probably the most good-hearted yet sensual entertainment I 'm likely to see all year
The most surprising thing
say that I liked Homeboy
Yakusho , as always , is wonderful as the long-faced sad sack ... and his chemistry with Shimizu is very believable
Yakusho , as always , is wonderful as the long-faced sad sack ... and his chemistry with Shimizu is very believable .
to the brilliant original
Yakusho , as always , is wonderful as the long-faced sad sack
animated sweet film
animated space adventure
of Shakespeare 's better known tragedies
an occasionally insightful acting exercise
( director ) O'Fallon manages to put some lovely pictures up on the big screen ,
( director ) O'Fallon manages to put some lovely pictures up on the big screen , but
Witch Project real-time roots
its scenes and sensibility are all more than familiar , but it exudes a kind of nostalgic spy-movie charm and , at the same time , is so fresh and free of the usual thriller nonsense that it all seems to be happening for the first time
its scenes and sensibility are all more than familiar , but it exudes a kind of nostalgic spy-movie charm and , at the same time , is so fresh and free of the usual thriller nonsense that it all seems to be happening for the first time .
particularly Balk , who 's finally been given a part worthy of her considerable talents
its scenes and sensibility
your own life in much the same way its characters do
Elling builds gradually until you feel fully embraced by this gentle comedy .
Ellen Pompeo sitting next to you for the ride
Elling never gets too cloying thanks to the actors ' perfect comic timing and sweet , genuine chemistry .
, The Sum of All Fears is simply a well-made and satisfying thriller .
, Time of Favor presents us with an action movie that actually has a brain .
poetry in motion captured on film . while it can be a bit repetitive , overall it 's an entertaining and informative documentary .
... the movie becomes a heady experience .
... that feels very human and very true to life .
your spine tingle with revelation and excitement
interesting trying to find out
seem minty fresh
interesting real people
interesting story
your spine tingle
interesting conflicted characters
interesting look
things to like about Murder By Numbers
think of a film more cloyingly
it 's a beaut .
is merited
defines a comedy that 's strongly mediocre , with funny bits surfacing every once in a while
take us to that elusive , lovely place
take us to that elusive , lovely place where we suspend our disbelief
of survival wrapped in the heart-pounding suspense of a stylish psychological thriller
of subtle humour from Bebe Neuwirth
of sustained intelligence from Stanford and another of subtle humour from Bebe Neuwirth
The gags that fly at such a furiously funny pace that the only rip off that we were aware of was the one we felt when the movie ended so damned soon .
The fourth '' Pokemon '' is a diverting -- if predictable -- adventure suitable for a matinee , with a message that cautions children about disturbing the world 's delicate ecological balance .
the film above anything Sandler
with such confidence
cunning
charm -- especially Allodi and Nolden --
charm , wit and invention
charisma and audacity
charismatic tough guy Vinnie Jones
charm and charisma
charm and good
( Crudup ) a suburban architect ,
( Assayas ' ) homage to the Gallic ` tradition of quality
( T ) his beguiling Belgian fable , very much its own droll and delicate little film , has some touching things to say about what is important in life and why .
( T ) his beguiling Belgian fable , very much its own droll and delicate little film ,
dyspeptic
the film acquires an undeniable entertainment value as the slight
At once disarmingly straightforward and strikingly devious .
the film belongs to the marvelous Verdu , a sexy slip of an earth mother who mourns her tragedies in private and embraces life in public
look no further , because here it is .
a sweet treasure
a stark portrait
a stand up and cheer flick
a stand in favor of tradition and warmth
escape story
What we get ... is Caddyshack crossed with the Loyal Order of Raccoons
quiet , confident
a stark portrait of motherhood deferred and desire
a sweet
quiet , confident craftsmanship
with a chase to end all chases
from its promenade of barely clad bodies in Myrtle Beach , S.C. , to the adrenaline jolt of a sudden lunch rush at the diner
from its ripe recipe , inspiring ingredients
quick-witted
from laugh-out-loud
Warmth
reminded us that a feel-good movie can still show real heart
quick-witted than any English Lit
amusing joy ride
it holds itself
I sort of loved the people onscreen
I stay positive
is more accurate than anything
is moody , oozing , chilling and heart-warming all at once ... a twisting , unpredictable , cat-and-mouse thriller .
is more accurately Chabrolian .
is more accurate than anything I have seen in an American film
has the courage to wonder about big questions with sincerity and devotion .
uniformly engaging performances from his largely amateur cast
uniformly excellent
uniformly engaging performances
unindicted here , which is probably for the best . And if you 're not nearly moved to tears by a couple of scenes
dreamy
feel genuinely good
dreamy and
become good
become the next Texas Chainsaw Massacre
become the master of innuendo
the long and eventful spiritual journey
in the reality of its characters to go over the edge . a touch of humor or an unexpected plot twist always pulls it back
The unexplored story opportunities of `` Punch-Drunk Love '' may have worked against the maker 's minimalist intent but it is an interesting exercise by talented writer\/director Anderson .
The unexpected thing is that its dying , in this shower of black-and-white psychedelia , is quite beautiful .
The trailer is a riot .
be the lighter-than-air adventure
savvy exploration
that would make it the darling of many a kids-and-family-oriented cable channel
that works
the tears come during that final , beautiful scene
it --
it 's worth the concentration
it 's worth yet another visit
of your eyes
of you-are-there immediacy
have an idea of the film 's creepy , scary effectiveness
should be applauded for finding a new angle on a tireless story
if not a pleasure in its own right
with such operatic grandeur
ideological
humour to make its points about acceptance and growth
humour
Scooby Dooby Doo \ \/ And Shaggy too \
not often seen in today 's cinema du sarcasm
to eat popcorn
tactfully
to do all three quite well , making it one of the year 's most enjoyable releases
K-19 will not go down in the annals of cinema as one of the great submarine stories , but it is an engaging and exciting narrative of Man confronting the Demons of his own fear and paranoia .
with superb performances throughout
dreamy and evocative
its powerful moments
always surprising
a powerful portrayal by Binoche
a powerful portrayal
a potentially terrific flick
the first one charming
provided an engrossing dramatic through line
second helpings of love , romance , tragedy , false dawns , real dawns , comic relief , two separate crises during marriage ceremonies ,
amazing performance
sharp acting
with such sensitivity
any movie with a life-affirming message
and Parker 's creative interference
and Spike Lee 's Jim Brown : All American at long last gives its subject a movie worthy of his talents .
feel absolutely earned
feel ` stoked
feel absolutely
feel as if we 're seeing something purer than the real thing
feel alive -
feel alive - which is what they did
feel better already .
close to the level of intelligence and visual splendour that can be seen in other films
close to being exciting
, its determined stylishness
, it takes us on a roller-coaster ride from innocence to experience without even a hint of that typical kiddie-flick sentimentality .
, it taps into genuine artistic befuddlement , and at the same time presents a scathing indictment of what drives Hollywood .
, it wins you over
, it wins you over .
to embrace small , sweet ` Evelyn
to embark a major career as a commercial yet inventive filmmaker
to enjoy
to empathize with others
to emerge as an exquisite motion picture in its own right
to enjoy yourselves without feeling conned .
-- more revealing , more emotional and more surprising --
between its powerful moments
Naipaul original
other thrillers
otherwise comic
otherwise comic narrative
otherwise excellent
otherwise excellent film
At once subtle and visceral , the film never succumbs to the trap of the maudlin or tearful , offering instead with its unflinching gaze a measure of faith in the future .
a glorious dose
a fun and funky look into an artificial creation in a world that thrives on artificiality
a fun one
a gamble and last orders are to be embraced
end up laughing
-- like a rather unbelievable love interest and a meandering ending -- this '60s caper film is a riveting , brisk delight .
Ferrara 's
Ferrara 's best film
Ferrara 's best film in years
Eight Crazy Nights is a showcase for Sandler 's many talents .
Egoyan tackles his themes and explores his characters ' crises with seriousness and compassion
Egoyan tackles his themes and explores his characters ' crises with seriousness and compassion .
without bludgeoning the audience over the head
will give you goosebumps as its uncanny tale of love , communal discord , and justice
unflinching look
unflappable air
unfolds as Sand 's masculine persona , with its love of life and beauty , takes form .
unfolds as Sand 's masculine persona , with its love of life and beauty , takes form
unflappable
the full assault of reno 's immense wit and insight
there are entertaining and audacious moments
best dramatic performance to date
best dramatic performance
best Irish sense
benevolent deception , which , while it may not rival the filmmaker 's period pieces , is still very much worth seeing
, you 'll appreciate much of Vardalos ' humor , which transcends ethnic boundaries .
, you 'll be wondering what will happen to her and wishing her the best -- whatever that might mean .
Divine Secrets of the Ya-Ya Sisterhood may not be exactly divine , but it 's definitely -- defiantly -- ya ya , what with all of those terrific songs and spirited performances
The locations go from stark desert to gorgeous beaches .
The lively appeal of The Last Kiss
The lively appeal of The Last Kiss lies in the ease with which it integrates thoughtfulness and pasta-fagioli comedy .
typical Miike : fast , furious and full of off-the-cuff imaginative flourishes
focused films emerging from that most surprising of nations
can take credit for most of the movie 's success .
taking a fresh approach
taking a fresh approach to familiar material
takes off in totally unexpected directions
taking the Shakespeare parallels quite far enough
this is one of the year 's best films
the cat 's meow
, good gosh , will you be shocked .
with vibrant charm
with two fine , nuanced lead performances
shining performance offers us the sense that on some elemental level , Lilia deeply wants to break free of her old life .
with us is a minor miracle
with universal appeal
with unexpected comedy
steamy
speaks volumes about the ability of the human spirit
to string together enough charming moments to work
sweep U . S . viewers
sweet enough
are immaculate , with roussillon providing comic relief
are immaculate ,
are immaculate
are consistently delightful
projects such noble and lofty ambitions
so crisp and economical in One False Move
While the mystery surrounding the nature of the boat 's malediction remains intriguing enough to sustain mild interest
promising ideas
profound social commentary
promising as any war\/adventure film
shining performance
well worth revisiting as many times as possible
little time
profound humanity
distinguished and thoughtful
well-acted and thought-provoking
only excitement
I liked the movie , but I know I would have liked it more if it had just gone that one step further .
I pledge allegiance to Cagney and Lacey .
in a sincere performance
in a thriller , and the performances
shines bright on this frozen tundra soap opera that breathes extraordinary life into the private existence of the Inuit people .
the mysteries of human behavior
the mystery of four decades back the springboard for a more immediate mystery in the present
( DeNiro ) brings to this part
( Davis ) has a bright , chipper style that keeps things moving , while never quite managing to connect her wish-fulfilling characters to the human race .
gay filmmakers
gay love stories
gender-bending comedy
the film conjures the magic of author J.K. Rowling 's books
the film certainly does n't disappoint .
pathos-filled but ultimately life-affirming finale
pathos-filled but ultimately life-affirming
shines bright on this frozen tundra soap opera that breathes extraordinary life into the private existence of the Inuit people
Keenly observed and refreshingly natural , Swimming gets the details right , from its promenade of barely clad bodies in Myrtle Beach , S . C . , to the adrenaline jolt of a sudden lunch rush at the diner .
Keenly observed and refreshingly natural
Keenly observed and
Kept aloft largely by a comically adept ensemble
Kidman
is an exercise in chilling style , and Twohy films the sub , inside and out , with an eye on preserving a sense of mystery .
is an extraordinary film , not least
is an exercise in chilling style , and Twohy films the sub , inside and out ,
is an exercise in chilling style , and Twohy films the sub , inside and out , with an eye on preserving a sense of mystery
is an epic , but also a tragedy , the record of a tenacious , humane fighter who was also the prisoner ( and ultimately the victim ) of history .
is an exercise in chilling style , and Twohy films the sub , inside and out
is an engaging and exciting narrative of Man confronting the Demons of his own fear and paranoia
is an epic , but also a tragedy , the record of a tenacious , humane fighter who was also the prisoner ( and ultimately the victim ) of history
is an extraordinary film , not least because it is Japanese and yet feels universal
is an extraordinary film , not least because it is Japanese and yet feels universal .
does display greatness
does deliver a few gut-busting laughs
does give a pretty good overall picture of the situation in Laramie following the murder of Matthew Shepard .
does give a pretty good overall picture of the situation in Laramie following the murder of Matthew Shepard
does her best
does have a few cute moments
does hold up pretty well
where exciting
was as graceful
was at least funny
second chance to find love in the most unlikely place
comedia
come to life
Totally
is notable for its stylistic austerity and forcefulness
is not only a pianist , but a good human being
buoyed by three terrific performances
buoyant romantic comedy
buoyant , expressive flow
but also nicely done
but also intriguing and honorable ,
buried at the heart of his story
enough charm and good acting to make it interesting
enough charm and good
enough charisma and audacity
enough dramatic resonance to make us care about them
enough dramatic
the updated Dickensian sensibility of writer Craig Bartlett 's story is appealing .
the updated Dickensian sensibility of writer Craig Bartlett 's story
the upbeat ending
striking skill and depth
treats the subject with fondness and respect
a smashing success
a smoother , more focused
a crowd-pleaser
a crowd-pleaser ,
a crowd-pleaser , but then
a crowd-pleaser , but then ,
a crowd-pleaser , but then , so
these guys ' superhuman capacity
to know what to praise first
at its visual delights
at least the third-best
at least a decent attempt at meaningful cinema
at least the third-best , and maybe even a notch above the previous runner-up , Nicholas Meyer 's Star Trek VI
feel good about themselves
a film maker who artfully bends technical know-how to the service of psychological insight
a film that defies categorisation . It haunts , horrifies , startles and fascinates ; it is impossible to look away . Ah yes , and then there 's the music
a film that deftly balances action and reflection as it lets you grasp and feel the passion others have for their work
a film that deftly balances action and reflection as it lets you grasp and feel the passion others have for their work .
tidal
do well to check this one out because it 's straight up Twin Peaks action
do what he does best
do well to check this one out
at a community striving to anchor itself in new grounds
at Oscar time for crafting this wonderful portrait of a conflicted soldier
at Oscar time
been worth caring about
two surefire , beloved genres
you love it
as sharp
has all the qualities of a modern situation comedy
a fairly impressive debut from the director , Charles Stone III
as one of the year 's most intriguing movie experiences
as much humor as pathos
the kind of movie we were hoping '' Ecks vs . Sever '' or '' xXx '' was going to be
the large cast is solid
the journey is far more interesting than the final destination
the key turning point of the 20th century
and energetic
and engages one in a sense of epic struggle -- inner and outer -- that 's all too rare in Hollywood 's hastier productions
puts its heart in the right place
and diverse
and edits around his screenplay 's sappier elements ... and sustains Off the Hook 's buildup with remarkable assuredness for a first-timer
and endearing
profound characterizations
progressed as nicely as ` Wayne
do justice to either effort in three hours of screen time
do justice
It 's rare to find a film to which the adjective ` gentle ' applies , but the word perfectly describes Pauline & Paulette
It 's rare to find a film to which the adjective ` gentle ' applies , but the word perfectly describes Pauline & Paulette .
It 's rare to find a film to which the adjective ` gentle ' applies ,
It 's rare to find a film to which the adjective ` gentle ' applies , but
It 's rare to find a film to which the adjective ` gentle ' applies
in the mysterious spring but in the richness of its performances
in the prime of their talent
in the privileged position of eavesdropping
in the richness of its performances
in the right direction
primary visual influence
patriotic
pay the full ticket price to see '' Simone
pat storylines , precious circumstances and beautiful stars
pay the full ticket price to see '' Simone , ''
manages the dubious feat of turning one man 's triumph of will into everyman 's romance comedy .
documentarian
a fascinating little thriller that would have been perfect for an old `` Twilight Zone '' episode
a fascinating curiosity piece -- fascinating , that is ,
a fascinating curiosity piece -- fascinating , that is
Love in the Time of Money
Lucky Break is perfectly inoffensive and harmless
Lucky Break is perfectly inoffensive and harmless ,
superbly
superbly acted by the deeply appealing veteran Bouquet and the chilling but quite human Berling
super-cool
super-cool , and definitely not in a hurry
supercharged
superbly controlled , passionate adaptation of Graham Greene 's 1955 novel .
superbly paced
superficially understands his characters
is told as the truth
is to say that it does n't follow the stale , standard , connect-the-dots storyline which has become commonplace in movies that explore the seamy underbelly of the criminal world
is to imply terror by suggestion , rather than the overuse of special effects .
the depicted events dramatic , funny and poignant
of its strong cast
A vibrant whirlwind of love , family and all that goes with it
A vibrant whirlwind of love , family and all that goes with it , My Big Fat Greek Wedding is a non-stop funny feast of warmth , colour and cringe .
A vibrant whirlwind
A vibrant whirlwind of love , family and all that
A very pretty after-school
two cinematic icons with chemistry galore
A weird little movie that 's amusing enough while you watch it , offering fine acting moments and pungent insights into modern L.A. 's show-biz and media
with originality , humour and pathos
shines in her quiet blue eyes
two cinematic icons
teeth-clenching
they are having so much fun
starts off as a potentially incredibly twisting mystery
no longer simply spoofing the mini-mod-madness of '60s spy movies
no human screenwriter could have hoped to match
no mistaking the filmmaker in the tall grass , true to himself
in understanding a unique culture that is presented with universal appeal
in this sense the movie becomes a study of the gambles of the publishing world , offering a case study that exists apart from all the movie 's political ramifications
Kenneth Branagh 's energetic sweet-and-sour performance as a curmudgeonly British playwright
Visually captivating .
Vin Diesel is the man .
Vincent Price horror classics
-- a film less about refracting all of World War II through the specific conditions of one man , and more about that man
-- and timely
the essence of a great one
can not help be entertained by the sight of someone getting away with something
most pleasurable movies
can not help but love Cinema Paradiso , whether the original version or new Director 's Cut .
most personal
most original fantasy film
most original
the familiar topic of office politics
our most conservative and hidebound movie-making traditions
seem sincere , and just
white-knuckled
a fine little amuse-bouche to keep your appetite
with increasingly amused irony , the relationship between reluctant captors and befuddled captives .
a fine , understated piece of filmmaking
with impressive results
with humor
with his usual intelligence and subtlety
a fine little amuse-bouche to keep your appetite whetted
An impressive hybrid .
of hopeful perseverance and hopeless closure
a filmmaker who has secrets buried at the heart of his story and knows how to take time revealing them . Strange occurrences
a ray of hope
Whereas the extremely competent hitman films such as Pulp Fiction and Get Shorty resonate a sardonic verve to their caustic purpose for existing
's hard to resist
's hard not to be a sucker for its charms
's funny . It wears its heart on the sleeve of its gaudy Hawaiian shirt
the character 's gripping humanity
women she knows , and very likely is . When all is said and done , she loves them to pieces -- and so , I trust
won my heart
wonderful cinematography
they ca n't go wrong .
in its combination of entertainment and evangelical
in imagination and authentic Christmas spirit
Bleakly funny , its characters all the more touching for refusing to pity or memorialize themselves .
Blanchett 's performance confirms her power once again .
of the sweetness and the extraordinary technical accomplishments of the first film
manner and flamboyant style
silly summer entertainment
respects the material without sentimentalizing it
get all five
geriatric Dirty Harry , which will please Eastwood 's loyal fans -- and suits the story , wherein our hero must ride roughshod over incompetent cops to get his man
trust and loyalty
true to the essence of what it is to be Ya-Ya
true impact
could be a passable date film
the film benefits greatly from a less manic tone than its predecessor , as cho appears to have settled comfortably into her skin
to treat its characters , weak and strong , as fallible human beings , not caricatures , and to carefully delineate the cost of the inevitable conflicts between human urges and an institution concerned with self-preservation
the film benefits greatly from a less manic tone than its predecessor , as cho appears to have settled comfortably into her skin .
about right
about the goal of its makers , the show ... represents a spectacular piece of theater
most elusive
have a few laughs while the little ones get a fuzzy treat
understanding of the expressive power of the camera
have at last found a worthy follow-up
quite tasteful to look at
consistently funny . And educational
Cuaron repeatedly , perversely undercuts the joie de vivre even as he creates it , giving the movie a mournful undercurrent that places the good-time shenanigans in welcome perspective .
charm , cultivation and devotion to his people are readily apparent
charming ,
Crocodile Hunter Steve Irwin do what he does best
charismatic and tragically
charm , cultivation and devotion
charm , cultivation and devotion to his people
Cube 's charisma and chemistry
superior horror flick
superior crime movie
superb performances throughout
superb performances
superbly acted offbeat thriller
lightens your wallet without leaving a sting
, imagination and insight
, illuminating study
lifts the film firmly above the level of other coming-of-age films
fluidity and sense
focus , point and purpose
arresting little ride
artful , intelligent film
artists and the love of cinema-and-self
artfully bends technical know-how to the service of psychological insight
an avid interest in the subject
not-quite-suburban milieu as to have viewers recoiling from the reality
Return to Never Land may be another shameless attempt by Disney to rake in dough from baby boomer families , but it 's not half-bad .
Resident
Resident Evil
homage to such films as '' All That Heaven Allows '' and '' Imitation of Life '' transcends them . Simply put
homages to a classic low-budget film noir movie
holds you with its outrageousness
honest , sensitive story
your kids
your ego
director Robert J . Siegel allows the characters to inhabit their world without cleaving to a narrative arc .
director Randall Wallace 's flag-waving war flick with a core of decency
director Shekhar Kapur supplies with tremendous skill
Simultaneously heartbreakingly beautiful and
A meatier deeper beginning and\/or ending would have easily tipped this film into the `` A '' range , as is , it 's a very very strong `` B + . ''
a majestic achievement , an epic of astonishing grandeur and
A meatier deeper beginning
A meatier
a majestic achievement ,
A modest masterpiece .
visually masterful
visually engrossing
visually flashy
been preferable
been properly digested
throws away
Not since Freddy Got Fingered
The art direction is often exquisite
The art direction and costumes are gorgeous and finely detailed , and Kurys ' direction is clever and insightful .
The art direction and costumes are gorgeous and finely detailed ,
The art direction and costumes are gorgeous and finely detailed
The art direction and costumes are gorgeous and finely detailed , and Kurys ' direction is clever and insightful
The art direction and costumes are gorgeous and finely detailed , and
Freundlich 's World Traveler
Fresnadillo has something serious to say about the ways in which extravagant chance can distort our perspective and throw us off the path of good sense .
Freundlich 's World Traveler might have been one of the more daring and surprising American movies of the year .
of cool , beautiful , thought-provoking foreign cinema
of cool stuff packed into ESPN 's Ultimate X
as a reverie about memory and regret
Special P.O.V. camera mounts on bikes , skateboards , and motorcycles provide an intense experience when splashed across the immense IMAX screen .
rouses us
rouses us .
OK for a movie
O Fantasma is boldly , confidently orchestrated , aesthetically and sexually , and its impact is deeply and rightly disturbing .
O Fantasma is boldly , confidently orchestrated , aesthetically and sexually , and
O Fantasma is boldly , confidently orchestrated , aesthetically and sexually , and its impact is deeply and rightly disturbing
certified
preliminary notes for a science-fiction horror film
Any Chekhov is better than no Chekhov ,
Antwone Fisher manages the dubious feat of turning one man 's triumph of will into everyman 's romance comedy .
Anthony Asquith 's acclaimed 1952 screen adaptation
as Mr. Deeds was to that of Frank Capra
European candor
deals with first love sweetly
It cuts to the core of what it actually means to face your fears , to be a girl in a world of boys , to be a boy truly in love with a girl , and to ride the big metaphorical wave that is life -- wherever it takes you .
deals with first love sweetly but also seriously .
flat-out amusing , sometimes endearing and often fabulous
you can only love the players it brings to the fore for the gifted but no-nonsense human beings they are and for the still-inestimable contribution they have made to our shared history .
you crave Chris Smith 's next movie
flat-out amusing , sometimes endearing and often fabulous , with a solid cast ,
contemplative , and
Show me the mugging
quench the thirst of an audience that misses the summer blockbusters
questioning social mores while ensnaring the audience with its emotional pull
its love
its love of life and beauty
its makers actually seem to understand what made Allen 's romantic comedies so pertinent and enduring
its mainland setting
competence
embellished by editing
It zips along with B-movie verve while adding the rich details and go-for-broke acting that heralds something special .
compensated in large part by the off-the-wall dialogue , visual playfulness and the outlandishness of the idea itself
emerged as hilarious lunacy
It works well enough , since the thrills pop up frequently , and
emerged as hilarious lunacy in the hands of Woody Allen
It works well enough , since the thrills pop up frequently , and the dispatching of the cast is as often imaginative as it is gory .
It works well enough , since the thrills pop up frequently , and the dispatching of the cast is as often imaginative as it is gory
as a new art form
lighthearted glow
something serious to say about the ways in which extravagant chance can distort our perspective and throw us off the path of good sense
something provocative , rich , and strange
something provocative ,
something provocative
something that is so meditative and lyrical about Babak Payami 's boldly quirky Iranian drama Secret Ballot ... a charming and evoking little ditty that manages to show the gentle and humane side of Middle Eastern world politics
to explore its principal characters with honesty , insight and humor
been smoother or more confident
a dizzying , volatile , pressure-cooker of a situation that quickly snowballs out of control , while focusing on the what much more than the why
a diverting enough hour-and-a-half for the family audience
a distinguished film legacy
a distinctive blend of European , American and Asian influences
a distinctive blend
a director to watch
sole bright spot
sole purpose
solemn and horrifying , yet
solid fight choreography
solid fight choreography and
Turturro is fabulously funny and over the top as a ` very sneaky ' butler who excels in the art of impossible disappearing\/reappearing acts
offbeat humor , amusing characters , and a happy ending
offbeat humor , amusing characters , and
offbeat humor , amusing characters ,
of interest
offers chills much like those
offers chills
offers chills much like those that you get when sitting around a campfire around midnight , telling creepy stories to give each other the willies .
offers chills much like those that you get when sitting around a campfire around midnight , telling creepy stories to give each other the willies
is so intriguing that you find yourself staring hypnotically at her , trying to understand her and wondering if she 'll crack
Simultaneously heartbreakingly beautiful and exquisitely sad
is something worth seeing
the French-produced '' Read My Lips '' is a movie that understands characters must come first .
a fine job contrasting the sleekness of the film 's present with the playful paranoia of the film 's past
very well-made
very well-made ,
very well-made , funny and
very romantic
personalities , inventive photography and cutting ,
personalities , inventive photography and cutting
people together in a sweet and charming way ,
penetrates with a rawness
timeless and
timeless and unique
timeless
the pre-teen crowd
Christian love
Christian Bale 's charisma make up for a derivative plot
its fully-written characters , its determined stylishness ( which always relates to characters and story ) and
THE GUYS taps into some powerful emotions
Sy , another of his open-faced , smiling madmen ,
T . Anderson
Sy , another of his open-faced , smiling madmen , like the killer in Insomnia . He does this so well
a '' Friday '' worth waiting for
finds a new way to surprise and
finds humor
find solace
film that is a portrait of grace in an imperfect world
mannered
takes way too many years
persuasive
pervasive
pertinent and enduring
an amusing concept
taking a child younger
garnered from years of seeing it all , a condition only the old are privy to , and ...
effectively creepy-scary thriller
effective moments
effective film
effective if you stick with it
edge to it
edge to it .
sizzle and
than this unexpectedly moving meditation on love , history , memory , resistance and artistic transcendence
than to sit back and enjoy a couple of great actors hamming it up
a sudden lunch rush
a strong impression
this DVD
spooky new thriller
parents ' appreciation
parents ' appreciation of it
who 's simply fab as a Spanish butler with a foot fetish
who , when she 's given the right lines , can charm the paint off the wall ...
who are obviously pretty clever --
shrewd and effective film
so incisive ,
the classic tradition
the city 's old-world charm
On a certain base level
, Tavernier 's film bounds along with the rat-a-tat energy of `` His Girl Friday , '' maintaining a light touch while tackling serious themes .
, The Hours is one of those reputedly `` unfilmable '' novels that has bucked the odds to emerge as an exquisite motion picture in its own right .
, Sorvino glides gracefully from male persona to female without missing a beat .
, Swimming gets the details right , from its promenade of barely clad bodies in Myrtle Beach , S.C. , to the adrenaline jolt of a sudden lunch rush at the diner .
to capture the novel 's deeper intimate resonances
Jaglom ... put ( s ) the audience in the privileged position of eavesdropping on his characters
in which the script and characters hold sway
quite the equal
quite the equal of Woo 's best earlier work
nicely
nice little picture
Pokemon franchise
a lasting impression
his broad , handsome shoulders
his best movie performance since , well , Performance
his best movie
his best
that Krawczyk deserves a huge amount of the credit for the film 's thoroughly winning tone
that Nolan is poised to embark a major career as a commercial yet inventive filmmaker
a coming-of-age story and cautionary parable , but also a perfectly rendered period piece
that I found it intriguing , bizarre , Dogma-like in spots - and quite truthful , in its way
that I liked Homeboy
Humorous , artsy , and even cute
Humorous ,
as splendid-looking as this particular film
sweet
sweet ,
surprisingly ` solid ' achievement
surprisingly affecting
surprising romance
surprisingly ` solid '
surprises you with unexpected comedy
surprising flair
surprised at the variety of tones in Spielberg 's work
surprises you
'll enjoy it
surprisingly charming
'll enjoy it .
Twenty years later , Reggio still knows how to make a point with poetic imagery ,
Laugh-out-loud lines , adorably ditsy but heartfelt performances , and sparkling , bittersweet dialogue that cuts to the chase of the modern girl 's dilemma .
Lawrence 's delivery remains perfect
a mesmerizing performance
a mesmerizing performance as a full-fledged sex addict
a mesmerizing performance as a full-fledged sex addict who is in complete denial about his obsessive behavior
skill and depth
a middle-aged romance
Jacquot 's strategy allows his cast the benefit of being able to give full performances ... while demonstrating vividly that the beauty and power of the opera reside primarily in the music itself .
( Washington 's ) strong hand
( Washington 's ) strong hand , keen eye , sweet spirit and good taste
( Washington 's ) strong hand , keen eye , sweet spirit and good taste are reflected in almost every scene .
that it actually makes the heart soar . Yes , soar
that it 's shot on digital video , whose tiny camera enables Shafer to navigate spaces both large ... and small ... with considerable aplomb
It 's often faintly amusing
the fantastic and the believable
Twenty years later , Reggio still knows how to make a point with poetic imagery , but his ability to startle has been stifled by the very prevalence of the fast-forward technology that he so stringently takes to task
Minority Report is exactly what the title indicates , a report .
Miller is playing so free with emotions , and the fact that children are hostages to fortune , that he makes the audience hostage to his swaggering affectation of seriousness .
of cool stuff packed into ESPN 's Ultimate X.
of considerable
wonderous accomplishment
see a movie with its heart
a dumb , fun , curiously adolescent movie
a dumb , fun , curiously adolescent movie this
a dualistic battle between good and evil
a durable part
words do n't really do the era justice .
never lets you off the hook .
never fails to fascinate .
never feels derivative
never lacks in eye-popping visuals
an intriguing species of artifice
an intriguing twist
an invaluable record
an ironically killer soundtrack
an irresistible blend of warmth and humor and a consistent embracing humanity in the face of life 's harshness
consider Blue Crush to be an intelligent film about young women
consciousness-raising
, but Australian director John Polson , making his American feature debut , jazzes it up adroitly .
, but Abbas infuses the role with an unimpeachable core of emotional truth .
, but , more to the point , the issues are subtly presented , managing to walk a fine line with regard to the question of Joan 's madness .
, broad comedy
, bittersweet pathos , and lyric moments that linger like snapshots of memory
, but I cried , not once , but three times in this animated sweet film .
, but Family Fundamentals displays a rare gift for unflinching impartiality .
comes from a renowned Indian film culture that allows Americans to finally revel in its splendor
comes from its soul 's - eye view of how well-meaning patronizing masked a social injustice , at least as represented by this case
comes from the heart
Something for everyone .
comes off winningly
Somehow Ms. Griffiths and Mr. Pryce bring off this wild Welsh whimsy .
comes off winningly , even though it 's never as solid as you want it to be
Sometimes entertaining
whose real-life basis is , in fact , so interesting that no embellishment is
whose legacy had begun to bronze
into a mostly magnificent directorial career
, the updated Dickensian sensibility of writer Craig Bartlett 's story is appealing .
, the worst of tragedies can be fertile sources of humor
become one of our best actors
volumes about the ability of the human spirit to find solace in events that could easily crush it forever
good thriller .
vivid
vivid , vibrant
good action , good acting , good dialogue , good pace , good cinematography
good action , good acting , good dialogue , good pace ,
good action , good acting , good dialogue , good pace
good action , good acting , good dialogue ,
good for a laugh
good cinematography
good action , good acting , good dialogue , good pace , good cinematography .
cultivated
cult favorite
cultural and economic subtext
than his opening scene encounter with an over-amorous terrier
Farrelly Brothers-style , down-and-dirty laugher
Feardotcom '' has the makings of an interesting meditation on the ethereal nature of the internet and the otherworldly energies it could channel
large rewards
live the mood
no trouble sitting for Blade II
of a river of sadness that pours into every frame
ambiguous icon
to be something really good
is clever enough
is clever enough ,
is completely at sea
that even an ambitious adaptation and elaborate production
that ends well
that ends the movie is the one with the most emotional resonance , but twists
While somewhat less than it might have been , the film is a good one , and you 've got to hand it to director George Clooney for biting off such a big job the first time out
While somewhat less than it might have been , the film is a good one , and
While somewhat less than it might have been , the film is a good one ,
While somewhat less than it might have been , the film is a good one
While the humor is recognizably Plympton , he has actually bothered to construct a real story this time .
While the humor is recognizably Plympton
While somewhat less than it might have been , the film is a good one , and you 've got to hand it to director George Clooney for biting off such a big job the first time out .
While the now 72-year-old Robert Evans been slowed down by a stroke , he has at least one more story to tell : his own .
was poetically romantic and full
sharply comic and surprisingly touching
All but the most persnickety preteens should enjoy this nonthreatening but thrilling adventure .
All or Nothing becomes an emotional , though still positive , wrench of a sit
All the performances are top notch
All the performances are top notch and , once you get through the accents , All or Nothing becomes an emotional , though still positive , wrench of a sit .
to keep upping the ante on each other , just as their characters do in the film
to let the earnestness of its execution and skill of its cast take you down a familiar road with a few twists
to scale the lunatic heights of Joe Dante 's similarly styled Gremlins
is still charming here .
bravery and integrity
bound to show up at theatres for it
bounds along with the rat-a-tat energy of `` His Girl Friday , '' maintaining a light touch while tackling serious themes
brave , uninhibited
brave , uninhibited performances
bounds along with the rat-a-tat energy of `` His Girl Friday , '' maintaining a light touch while tackling serious themes .
is the drama within the drama
plenty to impress about E.T.
grows on you .
's back in form , with an astoundingly rich film
's back in form ,
's back-stabbing , inter-racial desire and , most importantly , singing and dancing .
grow into a movie career
growing up that we do n't see often enough these days
grown-up film
grown-up voice
the origins
the film 's best trick is the way that it treats conspiracy as a kind of political blair witch , a monstrous murk that haunts us precisely because it can never be seen .
improvise and scream
Polanski 's best films
by sheer force of charm
it sounds , but strikes a tone that 's alternately melancholic , hopeful and strangely funny
by movie 's end , we accept the characters and the film , flaws and all
The Sweetest Thing ,
The Sweetest Thing , a romantic comedy with outrageous tendencies
The Scorpion King is more fun than Conan the Barbarian .
The Scorpion King more than ably
The Scorpion King more than ably meets those standards
The Santa Clause 2 proves itself a more streamlined and thought out encounter than the original could ever have hoped to be .
funnier version of the old Police Academy flicks .
funnier version of the old Police Academy flicks
fun-loving
fun-for-fun 's - sake communal spirit goes to the essence of Broadway .
fun-for-fun
fun with the quirks of family life
fun-loving libertine
the women shine .
the wit and hoopla
the wit and revolutionary spirit
the wildly popular Vin Diesel in the equation
the wildly popular Vin Diesel
the wise-beyond-her-years teen
on the fame freeway
on the bigger-than-life screen
on surprises
it 's a brilliant , honest performance by nicholson ,
it 's a brilliant , honest performance by nicholson
it 's a brilliant , honest performance by nicholson , but
one glued to the screen
smart , solid , kinetically-charged spy flick worthy
sneaks up on you and
sneaks up on you
small delights
sneaks up on you and stays with you long after you have left the theatre
must report that the children of varying ages in my audience never coughed , fidgeted or romped up and down the aisles for bathroom breaks
's a good film --
uses stereotypes in a delightful blend of sweet romance and lovingly dished out humor .
The movie feels like it 's going to be great , and it carries on feeling that way for a long time ,
organic
opts to overlook this goofily endearing and well-lensed gorefest
open this year
open
is an icon of moviemaking , one of the best actors , directors and producers around ,
is an icon of moviemaking , one of the best actors , directors and producers around , responsible for some excellent work .
is an odd amalgam of comedy genres , existing somewhere between the often literal riffs of early Zucker Brothers\/Abrahams films , and the decidedly foul stylings of their post-modern contemporaries , The Farrelly Brothers
is an icon of moviemaking , one of the best actors , directors and producers
is an icon of moviemaking , one of the best actors , directors and producers around
you 'll still like it now .
that make the most of the large-screen format , before swooping down on a string of exotic locales , scooping the whole world up in a joyous communal festival of rhythm
that loves its characters and communicates something rather beautiful about human nature
that made up for its rather slow beginning by drawing me into the picture
that made the original Men in Black such a pleasure
that lifts Blue Crush into one of the summer 's most pleasurable movies
that life 's ultimately a gamble and last orders are to be embraced .
backed by sheer nerve
back the springboard for a more immediate mystery in the present
winking social commentary
exudes the urbane sweetness that Woody Allen seems to have bitterly forsaken
a nearly impeccable cinematic experience
a neater trick
a necessary political work and a fascinating documentary
a nice little picture
a new generation
a nicely detailed world
extraordinary piece
extraordinary themes
extremely imaginative through out
A spunky , original
exudes the urbane sweetness
of Touched by an Angel
of a Vietnamese-born youngster who eagerly and easily assimilated as an all-American girl with a brand new name in southern Tennessee
of a compelling or comprehensible narrative
an attraction that crosses sexual identity
an auspicious feature debut
an auspicious feature debut for Chaiken
embodies the transformation of his character completely
embodies the transformation of his character completely .
elusive , yet inexplicably
embedded in the sexy demise of James Dean
here , which is probably for the best . And if you 're not nearly moved to tears by a couple of scenes
here is unmistakable and hard to resist .
embraces its old-fashioned themes
embraces life
His work with actors is particularly impressive .
some spunk and promise
's a film that affirms the nourishing aspects of love and companionship .
's a fine , focused piece of work that reopens an interesting controversy and never succumbs to sensationalism
's a feel-good movie about which you can actually feel good .
's a film that 's destined to win a wide summer audience through word-of-mouth reviews and , not far down the line , to find a place among the studio 's animated classics
's a film that 's destined to win a wide summer audience through word-of-mouth reviews and , not far down the line , to find a place among the studio 's animated classics .
's a film that affirms the nourishing aspects of love and companionship
in an evocative , accurate observation of a distinctive milieu
's a fine , old-fashioned-movie movie , which is to say it 's unburdened by pretensions to great artistic significance .
's a fun adventure movie for kids ( of all ages ) that like adventure
There 's an audience for it ,
There 's an audience for it
said the film was better than Saving Private Ryan
Hoffman 's quirks and mannerisms , particularly his penchant for tearing up on cue -- things that seem so real in small doses --
Dog Soldiers does n't transcend genre -- it embraces it , energizes it and takes big bloody chomps out of it .
Dog Soldiers does n't transcend genre -- it embraces it , energizes it and takes big bloody chomps out of it
Does n't do more than expand a TV show to movie length . However , it 's pleasant enough and its ecological , pro-wildlife sentiments are certainly welcome
Does n't do more than expand a TV show to movie length . However , it 's pleasant enough and
family dynamics
family dynamic
dwarfs everything else in the film
matches about it .
mark Ms. Bullock 's best work
deserving of its Oscar nomination
mark Ms. Bullock 's best work in some time
deserves recommendation
deserves an Oscar nomination .
, deeply absorbing
, but when it 's good , it 's good and horrid .
, challenges the brain
, committed performances
, composing a sorrowful and hilarious tone poem about alienated labor , or an absurdist workplace sitcom
, creamy depth , and ultimate theme
, credible performances
, cultural backgrounds and rhythmic ability want to get up and dance .
Bravado Kathy
Very psychoanalytical -- provocatively so -- and also refreshingly literary .
gets under our skin and draws us in long
nothing less than a provocative piece of work
nothing could be more appropriate
every top-notch British actor
some glimpses of nature and family warmth
Its initial excitement
Its impressive images of crematorium chimney fires and stacks of dead bodies
Its impressive images
gracious , eloquent film
( Tries )
the easy emotional buttons
must go to Grant , who has n't lost a bit of the dry humor that first made audiences on both sides of the Atlantic love him .
at once exhilarating , silly , perverse
the mark
at once exhilarating , silly , perverse ,
at once exhilarating ,
gorgeous imagery , effective performances
gorgeous imagery , effective performances ,
go happily
good and
gorgeous imagery ,
that does n't bring you into the characters so much as it has you study them
gut-wrenching , frightening war scenes since `` Saving Private Ryan ''
of New Age-inspired good intentions
savviest
which was shot two years ago
which undercuts the devastatingly telling impact of utter loss personified in the film 's simple title
sex
which should appeal to women
If legendary shlockmeister Ed Wood had ever made a movie about a vampire
is honestly affecting
is honestly
a massive infusion of old-fashioned Hollywood magic
you really want to understand what this story is really all about
seeming at once both refreshingly different and reassuringly familiar
It 's a humble effort , but spiced with wry humor and genuine pathos , especially between Morgan and Redgrave .
It 's a movie -- and an album -- you wo n't want to miss .
Is n't it great
Is n't it great ?
no business going
this clever idea
is a visual treat for all audiences
is a very ambitious project for a fairly inexperienced filmmaker
is a visual treat for all audiences .
is a welcome relief from the usual two-dimensional offerings
is a work of outstanding originality
is a wonderous accomplishment of veracity and narrative grace
who 's wise enough to recognize that there are few things in this world more complex -- and , as it turns out , more fragile -- than happiness
is a fierce dance of destruction . Its flame-like , roiling black-and-white inspires trembling and gratitude
is a feast for the eyes .
is a deliberately unsteady mixture of stylistic elements
is a convincing one , and should give anyone with a conscience reason to pause .
is a disarmingly lived-in movie
is a feast for the eyes
just honest enough
more chillingly effective
the full visceral impact of a ruthless army on the warpath but
the full visceral impact
Burns ' visuals , characters and his punchy dialogue ,
The sheer joy and pride they took in their work -- and in each other -- shines through every frame .
The sheer joy and pride they took in their work -- and in each other --
The slam-bang superheroics are kinetic enough to engross even the most antsy youngsters .
the one thing this Wild film has that other Imax films do n't : chimps , lots of chimps , all blown up to the size of a house . That 's fun for kids of any age .
the one thing most will take away is the sense that peace is possible .
can cross swords with the best of them and helm a more traditionally plotted popcorn thriller while surrendering little of his intellectual rigor or creative composure
can comfortably hold
can certainly go the distance ,
detailing a chapter in the life of the celebrated irish playwright , poet and drinker
detailing
show genuine promise
would say , yes , ` It 's like having an old friend for dinner ' .
the way the roundelay of partners functions , and the interplay within partnerships and among partnerships and the general air of gator-bashing are consistently delightful
the way the roundelay of partners functions , and the interplay within partnerships and among partnerships and the general air of gator-bashing are consistently delightful .
has plenty of laughs . It just does n't have much else ... especially in a moral sense
has pictures of them cavorting in ladies ' underwear
A delightful , if minor , pastry of a movie .
A delightful entree
A delightful , if minor , pastry
A delightful , if minor , pastry of a movie
A deliberative account of a lifestyle
A deliberative account of a lifestyle characterized by its surface-obsession -- one that typifies the delirium of post , pre , and extant stardom .
A deftly entertaining film , smartly played and smartly directed .
A deft , delightful mix of sulky teen drama and overcoming-obstacles sports-movie triumph .
A deftly entertaining film
an Angel school
an Angel school of non-God spiritual-uplift movies
a great presence
a great story ,
a great story
more often than not hits the bullseye
more satisfying than the teary-eyed original
Captivates as it
Captivates and shows how a skillful filmmaker can impart a message without bludgeoning the audience over the head .
dramatically forceful
dramatic urgency
dramatic treatment
dramatic impact
dramatic experience .
dramatic and emotional pull
dramatic and emotional
classic low-budget film noir movie
clear-eyed portrait
Such a fine idea
A gripping , searing portrait
In Auteil 's less dramatic but equally incisive performance , he 's a charismatic charmer likely to seduce and conquer .
In Auteil 's less dramatic but equally incisive performance
A graceful , contemplative film that gradually and artfully draws us into a world where the personal and the political get
A graceful , contemplative film
A gentle blend of present day testimonials , surviving footage of Burstein and his family performing , historical archives , and telling stills .
A great comedy filmmaker knows great comedy need n't always make us laugh . Tim Story 's not there yet - but ` Barbershop ' shows he 's on his way .
A great comedy filmmaker knows great comedy need n't always make us laugh .
A great comedy filmmaker
A graceful , contemplative film that gradually and artfully draws us into a world where the personal and the political get fatally intertwined .
successfully maintains suspense on different levels throughout a film that is both gripping and compelling .
successfully recreates both the physical setting and emotional tensions of the Papin sisters
fashioning an engrossing entertainment out of an almost sure-fire prescription for a critical and commercial disaster
fashioning an engrossing entertainment out
fascination ,
fascination
fascination , and generates a fair amount of B-movie excitement
fascination , and
remarkable new trick
turns very dark and very funny
, MIBII is rote work and predictable , but with a philosophical visual coming right at the end that extravagantly redeems it .
, Margarita Happy Hour represents an auspicious feature debut for Chaiken .
, Lagaan is quintessential Bollywood . Except it 's much , much better .
, Like Mike shoots and scores , doing its namesake proud
, Kissing Jessica Stein injects freshness and spirit into the romantic comedy genre , which has been held hostage by generic scripts that seek to remake Sleepless in Seattle again and again .
, Iwai 's gorgeous visuals seduce .
's definitely worth
's crafty , energetic and smart
's definitely an improvement on the first Blade
's definitely an improvement on the first Blade , since it does n't take itself so deadly seriously
's definitely an improvement on the first Blade ,
, pleasurable , featherweight charm
, poetically plump and visually fulsome
, provocative
, provocative and entertaining
Good performances and
Good performances
Gong Li and a vivid personality
Good performances and a realistic , non-exploitive approach make Paid in Full worth seeing .
Good performances and a realistic , non-exploitive approach
relaxed in its perfect quiet pace and proud in its message
works on several levels , openly questioning social mores while ensnaring the audience with its emotional pull
maintains a surprisingly buoyant tone throughout
relaxed in its perfect quiet pace and
Moore provides an invaluable service by sparking debate and encouraging thought . Better still , he does all of this , and more , while remaining one of the most savagely hilarious social critics this side of Jonathan Swift .
Moore wonderfully
Moore wonderfully underplays the long-suffering heroine with an unflappable '50s dignity somewhere between Jane Wyman and June Cleaver
More sophisticated and
At once emotional and richly analytical
At the end of the movie , my 6-year-old nephew said , '' I guess I come from a broken family , and my uncles are all aliens , too . '' Congrats Disney on a job well done , I enjoyed it just as much !
the ` laughing
with terrific flair
works on several levels , openly questioning social mores while ensnaring the audience with its emotional pull .
works on so many different levels that it not only invites
`` The best Disney movie
`` The best Disney movie since the Lion King ''
a classic theater piece
with taking insane liberties and doing the goofiest stuff out of left field
uncompromising artists trying to create something original
touching and tender
maintains a cool distance
a cinematic postcard
of real pleasure
confessions is without a doubt a memorable directorial debut from king hunk
Gloriously
uncompromising , difficult and unbearably beautiful
is actually one of its strengths .
is actually one of its strengths
is about as true to the spirit of the Festival of Lights as Mr. Deeds was to that of Frank Capra
tov to a film about a family 's joyous life
is ) why we go to the cinema : to be fed through the eye , the heart , the mind .
is ) talented and terribly charismatic , qualities essential to both movie stars and social anarchists
is ) why we go to the cinema : to be fed through the eye , the heart , the mind
is ) talented and terribly charismatic , qualities essential to both movie stars and social anarchists .
and lovable Siberian huskies ( plus one sheep dog )
the time-honored truth that the most powerful thing in life is
the time when cartoons were cinema 's most idiosyncratic form instead of one of its most predictable
the time-honored truth
the men and machines behind the curtains of our planet
with the best of them
current technique to the service of a vision of the past that is faithful to both architectural glories and commanding open spaces of the city as it was more than two centuries ago
invulnerable as its trademark villain
will make you very happy .
will quickly recognize him
lavish formalism
True tale of courage -- and complicity -- at Auschwitz is a harrowing drama that tries to tell of the unspeakable .
Travels a fascinating arc from hope and euphoria to reality and disillusionment .
fluidly through the story , with charming results
flow of friendship
flourishes
focused and sincere
very sweet
definitive
definitely gives you something to chew on
definitive account
tremendous energy from the cast , a sense of playfulness and excitement
tremendous energy from the cast
treat a subject , you 're not fully aware is being examined , much like a photo of yourself you did n't know
find What Time Is It There ? well worth the time
find a way to bend current technique to the service of a vision of the past that is faithful to both architectural glories and commanding open spaces of the city as it was more than two centuries ago
finally delivers the goods for Schwarzenegger fans .
find ( Attal and Gainsbourg 's ) unfamiliar personas give the film an intimate and quaint reality that is a little closer to human nature than what Hollywood typically concocts
films it so beautifully
films come along that are as intelligent , exuberant , and moving as Monsoon Wedding
films emerging from that most surprising of nations
cherished
out his cast with appealing fresh faces
out gunning to make a great one
out as a clever , charming tale -- as pleasantly in its own way as its self-dramatizing characters
out a tight plot with an easy pace and a focus on character drama over crime-film complications
a triumph for its maverick director
a technical , logistical feat
a vicarious voyage to the last frontier
a very strong back
than a chronicle of the ups and downs that accompany lifelong friendships
than a fitfully clever doodle
few nice twists
broomfield reveals an ironic manifestation of institutionalized slavery that ties a black-owned record label with a white-empowered police force .
teaches all
'm happy to have seen it
'm happy to have seen it --
'm happy to have seen it -- not as an alternate version , but as the ultimate exercise in viewing deleted scenes
'm happy to have seen it -- not as an alternate version , but as the ultimate exercise in viewing deleted scenes .
una parodia absolutamente predecible
smart jokes
fun into a rousing treatise of sensual empowerment
fun film
full of strength , warmth and vitality .
full of strength , warmth and vitality
full of necessary discussion points
kept much of the plot
key strength
it finds a nice rhythm .
longtime admirer
be as intelligent
to makes us laugh
' romantic
puts enough salt
simple and heart-warming
more than a
to make us look forward to the Russos ' next offering
is marveilleux .
is marveilleux
is moody , oozing , chilling and heart-warming
is meaningful or memorable
is masterly
is moody , oozing , chilling and heart-warming all at once ...
is moody , oozing , chilling and heart-warming all at once
even more haunting than those in Mr . Spielberg 's 1993 classic
even more indistinct than it is were it not for the striking , quietly vulnerable personality of Ms . Ambrose
in engaging the audience in the travails of creating a screenplay
built his career
in earnest dramaturgy
built to inspire the young people
has more literally showed that the road to hell is paved with good intentions
has more literally showed that the road to hell is paved with good intentions .
has nothing but love for its posse of trailer park denizens
While not quite '' Shrek '' or Monsters , Inc . '' , it 's not too bad . It 's worth taking the kids to .
has the chops
makes s & m seem very romantic
a twisty double-cross
a two-actor master class
Time of Favor presents us with an action movie that actually has a brain .
Time Out is as serious as a pink slip . And more than that , it 's an observant , unfussily poetic meditation about identity and alienation
more than people
more than a worthwhile effort
teaches all too well
cheering
bring audiences to the edge of their seats
bring happiness to their loved ones
tragedy , bravery , political intrigue , partisans and sabotage
finest work
Angelina Jolie 's surprising flair
Angelina Jolie 's surprising flair for self-deprecating comedy
Aniston has at last decisively broken with her Friends image in an independent film of satiric fire and emotional turmoil .
Another entertaining
Another entertaining romp from Robert Rodriguez .
enjoy mindless action
it 's more than a worthwhile effort
it 's mission accomplished
it 's lovely that Cal works out his issues with his dad and comes to terms with his picture-perfect life
it 's just as wonderful on the big screen .
to be the 21st Century 's new '' Conan
with most of the big summer movies
from the movie gods on a silver platter
a group of talented friends
a guarantee
be an unendurable viewing experience for this ultra-provincial New Yorker if 26-year-old Reese Witherspoon were not on hand to inject her pure fantasy character , Melanie Carmichael , with a massive infusion of old-fashioned Hollywood magic
be a somewhat backhanded compliment to say that the film makes the viewer feel like the movie 's various victimized audience members after a while , but it also happens to be the movie 's most admirable quality
be a most hard-hearted person not to be moved by this drama
Oscar-caliber performances
Oscar-caliber
Oscar winners
Oscar nomination
Oscar Wilde 's classic satire
Originality ai n't on the menu , but there 's never a dull moment in the giant spider invasion comic chiller .
Originality ai n't on the menu , but there 's never a dull moment in the giant spider invasion comic chiller
prove diverting enough
loyal
the gift of tears
the gifted Pearce
this movie proves you wrong on both counts .
this movie makes one thing perfectly clear
the gifted Pearce on hand
the gifted Pearce on hand to keep things on semi-stable ground dramatically
there is a really cool bit -- the movie 's conception of a future-world holographic librarian ( Orlando Jones ) who knows everything and answers all questions , is visually smart , cleverly written , and nicely realized .
Alternately hilarious and sad , aggravating and soulful , scathing and joyous
Alternately hilarious and sad , aggravating and soulful , scathing and joyous .
after the wrap of his legendary sitcom
Although I did n't hate this one
that it 's the equal of some of its predecessors
that it 'll probably be the best and most mature comedy of the 2002 summer season speaks more of the season than the picture
that is nothing short of mesmerizing
was utterly charming
that it does afford
Tchaikovsky soundtrack
ca n't help but engage an audience
thriller and murder mystery
the reassuring manner of a beautifully sung holiday carol
blending entrepreneurial zeal
blazing
to be a thriller . -LRB- But it 's -RRB- worth recommending because of two marvelous performances by Michael Caine and Brendan Fraser
is raised a few notches above kiddie fantasy pablum by Allen 's astringent wit .
of the previous two
of the plot ` surprises '
breathe out of every frame
earn our love
, nature , and sexuality
, natural and ancient antidotes
film that presents an audacious tour of the past and takes within its warm
say it 's on par with the first one
allows each character to confront their problems openly and honestly
say about reign of fire . great dragons
Christopher Walken kinda romanced Cyndi Lauper in The Opportunists
warm
Mr. Allen has surpassed himself with the magic he 's spun with the Hollywood empress of Ms. Leoni 's Ellie .
Mr. Audiard 's direction is fluid and quick .
wants to tweak them with a taste of tangy new humor
is vivacious
is very , very good
possesses a quite pleasing , headlong thrust and a likably delinquent attitude .
possesses a quite pleasing , headlong thrust and a likably delinquent attitude
keep grown-ups from squirming in their seats
justify the notion of creating a screen adaptation of Evans ' saga of Hollywood excess
keen insights
keenest pleasures
keep - 'em
no better film than Half Past Dead
the biggest names in Japanese anime ,
is quite entertaining
its writer-director 's heart is in the right place , his plea for democracy and civic action laudable .
its élan
the bizarre is credible
is quite beautiful
intimate and character-driven
intimate , good-humored ethnic comedy
a breadth of vision
a breadth of vision and
a breadth of vision and an attention to detail that propels her into the upper echelons of the directing world
a brilliant piece
a brilliant piece of filmmaking
a credible account of a puzzling real-life happening
inspirational drama
a credible case
a credible case for reports
, organic character work
fully developed story
, one would hope for the best
ultimately very satisfying
infuses Hubert with a mixture of deadpan cool , wry humor and just the measure of tenderness required to give this comic slugfest some heart
infuses Hubert with a mixture of deadpan cool , wry humor and just the measure of tenderness required to give this comic slugfest some heart .
ultimately stands forth as an important chronicle of the abuses of one of Latin America 's most oppressive regimes .
infuse the rocky path to sibling reconciliation with flashes of warmth and gentle humor
infused Frida with a visual style unique and inherent to the titular character 's paintings and in the process created a masterful work of art of their own
infused with the sensibility of a video director
infused Frida with a visual style unique and inherent
If we sometimes need comforting fantasies about mental illness , we also need movies like Tim McCann 's Revolution No. 9 .
the summer blockbusters
the sum
unabashedly schmaltzy and thoroughly enjoyable true
the talents of screenwriter Charlie Kaufman , creator of Adaptation and Being John Malkovich
the talent of the creative forces behind it
chilling and heart-warming
chilling and fascinating as Philippe Mora 's modern Hitler-study
chilling and fascinating
chillingly
chilling style
chilling movie
of the more influential works
demonstrates that the director of such Hollywood blockbusters as Patriot Games can still turn out a small , personal film with an emotional wallop
Rife with the rueful , wry humor springing out of Yiddish culture and language .
of the most affecting depictions of a love affair
a wartime farce in the alternately comic and
Rife with the rueful , wry humor springing out of Yiddish culture and language
a way of seeping into your consciousness
a way that speaks forcefully enough about the mechanisms of poverty to transcend the rather simplistic filmmaking
in a heady whirl of New Age-inspired good intentions
has a sure hand
focus on the hero 's odyssey from cowering poverty to courage and happiness
has a pleasing way with a metaphor .
move beyond the crime-land action genre
fluttering
uncovers a story powerful enough to leave the screen sizzling with intrigue .
A wonderfully speculative character study that made up for its rather slow beginning by drawing me into the picture .
A wonderfully speculative character
followed through
A witty
follow-your-dream
be just as fun ( and scary )
is interesting and entertaining
is just breathtaking
is more like it
A zinger-filled crowd-pleaser that open-minded Elvis fans ( but by no means all ) will have fun with .
A-list
A-list director
A-list players
that even in sorrow you can find humor
that even the stuffiest cinema goers will laugh their \*\*\* off for an hour-and-a-half
that epic quality
the slow parade of human frailty fascinates
revels in its own simplicity
the slow parade of human frailty fascinates you
I bought this movie
Consider this review life-affirming
I 've never bought from telemarketers , but I bought this movie
I 've never bought from telemarketers , but I bought this movie .
shaped the story to show us why it 's compelling
inspire reaction in its audience
inspire reaction
inspire a few younger moviegoers to read Stevenson 's book , which is a treasure in and of itself
inspire a few younger moviegoers
inspirational screenplay
insightful enough to be fondly remembered in the endlessly challenging maze of moviegoing
the subject matter is as adult as you can get
the subculture of extreme athletes whose derring-do puts the X into the games
made me want to get made-up and go see this movie with my sisters
hero
hip
likableness
like Arnold Schwarzenegger
to be more than another `` Best Man '' clone by weaving a theme throughout this funny film
their hearts in the right place .
their hearts in the right place
to be funny , uplifting and moving , sometimes
to be fun , and bouncy , with energetic musicals
adolescent heroes
admired this work a lot .
against which all other Best Picture contenders should be measured
agreeably
against progress . In Fessenden 's horror trilogy , this theme has proved important to him and is especially so in the finale
should be seen at the very least for its spasms of absurdist humor
revelatory performance
As unseemly as its title suggests .
Aside from minor tinkering , this is the same movie you probably loved in 1994 , except that it looks even better .
slick and
of the elements that will grab you
of the family vacation
of the expressive power of the camera
Daring , mesmerizing
Daring , mesmerizing and
Dark ,
beautifully shot and scored
beautifully shot
beautifully articulated
beautifully accomplished lyrical meditation
beautiful to behold
beautiful and haunting examination
beautiful and haunting
Whether or not Ram Dass proves as clear and reliable an authority on that as he was about inner consciousness , Fierce Grace reassures us that he will once again be an honest and loving one .
Whether our action-and-popcorn obsessed culture will embrace this engaging and literate psychodrama
Where Janice Beard falters in its recycled aspects , implausibility , and sags in pace , it rises in its courageousness , and comedic employment .
Where This was lazy but enjoyable
any sexual relationship that does n't hurt anyone and works for its participants is a relationship that is worthy of our respect
's still a worthy addition to the growing canon of post-Saving Private Ryan tributes to the greatest generation
any sexual relationship that does n't hurt anyone and works for its participants
It 's always enthralling .
It 's an entertaining movie
It 's an entertaining movie ,
this flick is fun ,
has a subtle way of getting under your skin and sticking with you long after it 's over
this flick is fun
even the most unlikely can link together to conquer all kinds of obstacles , whether they be of nature , of man or of one another
this disarming indie
an earnest
an audacious tour
an audacious tour of the past
an athlete
an athlete as well as an actor
an ambling , broad comedy about all
, it does give exposure to some talented performers
an ambling , broad comedy
It 's an entertaining movie , and the effects , boosted to the size of a downtown hotel , will all but take you to outer space
this gutsy and at times exhilarating movie a great yarn
this is a refreshingly novel ride
merry and , yes , melancholy film .
at delivering genuine , acerbic laughs
memory , a celebration of living , and a sobering rumination
's also the year 's sweetest movie .
's amusing enough while you watch it , offering fine acting moments and pungent insights into modern L.A. 's show-biz and media
merry and , yes , melancholy film
Generally , Clockstoppers will fulfill your wildest fantasies about being a different kind of time traveler , while happily killing 94 minutes .
The underworld urban angst is derivative of Martin Scorsese 's Taxi Driver and Goodfellas , but this film speaks for itself
Genuinely touching because it 's realistic about all kinds of love .
where the hero is stoic
this clever and very satisfying picture
this clever and very satisfying picture is more accurately Chabrolian .
at existing photos
at how hope can breed a certain kind of madness -- and strength
the modern masculine journey
the modern masculine
a nice change
, coupled with some ingenious plot devices and some lavishly built settings . .
, coupled with some arresting effects , incandescent tones and stupendous performances
, contemplative film
, conventional , well-acted tale
blue-chip
mixes in as much humor as pathos
McWilliams 's melancholy music , are charged with metaphor ,
mixes in as much humor as pathos to take us on his sentimental journey of the heart . It really is a shame that more wo n't get an opportunity to embrace small , sweet ` Evelyn .
mixes in as much humor as pathos to take us on his sentimental journey of the heart . It really is a shame that more wo n't get an opportunity to embrace small , sweet ` Evelyn
ascends to a kinetic life so teeming that even cranky adults may rediscover the quivering kid inside .
ascension
mixes in as much humor as pathos to take us on his sentimental journey of the heart . It really is a shame that more wo n't get an opportunity to embrace small , sweet ` Evelyn . '
assurance
assurance worthy
a lot better
is a vivid , vibrant individual and the movie 's focus upon her makes it successful and accessible
is a movie that 's got oodles of style and substance .
is a treat .
is a good Bond movie , which still makes it much better than your typical Bond knock-offs
is a gem . His characters are engaging , intimate and the dialogue is realistic and greatly moving . The scope of the Silberstein family is large and we grow attached to their lives , full of strength , warmth and vitality . .
is a lively and enjoyable adventure for all ages at any time .
is a lively and enjoyable adventure for all ages at any time
a lot like a well-made PB & J sandwich
Saved from being merely way-cool by a basic , credible compassion
goes deeper than that , to fundamental choices that include the complexity of the Catholic doctrine
Satisfyingly scarifying
Satisfyingly scarifying ,
Satisfyingly scarifying , fresh
Satisfyingly scarifying , fresh and
Satisfyingly scarifying , fresh and old-fashioned at the same time
Satisfyingly scarifying , fresh and old-fashioned at the same time .
Saved
does n't demand a dumb , distracted audience
charming romantic comedy
charming tale
charm all but the most cynical
charm to make it memorable
charm to spare
charmers
charming , quirky and leisurely
charming , quirky and leisurely paced Scottish comedy
charming or angst-ridden
even more interesting , less symmetrical , less obviously cross-shaped
even if it 's nonsense , its claws dig surprisingly deep
even its exacting author might admire
goes a long way toward restoring the luster of the National Lampoon film franchise , too long reduced to direct-to-video irrelevancy
goes a long way toward restoring the luster of the National Lampoon film franchise , too long reduced to direct-to-video irrelevancy .
visionary
New Best Friend 's
pointed , often tender , examination
visceral sensation
but because it has a bigger-name cast , it gets a full theatrical release
but certainly not without merit
The Sum of All Fears is simply a well-made and satisfying thriller .
poignant picture
disquieting triumph
poignant and wryly amusing film
poignant and wryly amusing
poignant and uplifting story
at once visceral and spiritual , wonderfully vulgar and sublimely lofty -- and as emotionally grand
at once visceral and spiritual , wonderfully vulgar and
at once visceral and spiritual , wonderfully vulgar
at once visceral and spiritual , wonderfully vulgar and sublimely lofty --
at once visceral and spiritual , wonderfully vulgar and sublimely lofty
poignant portrait
Franco is an excellent choice for the walled-off but combustible hustler , but
Franco is an excellent choice for the walled-off but combustible hustler ,
Franco is an excellent choice for the walled-off but combustible hustler
Fortunately , Elling never gets too cloying thanks to the actors ' perfect comic timing and sweet , genuine chemistry .
for wow !
for wow
wise and powerful tale
wise-beyond-her-years
wise-beyond-her-years teen
Washington most certainly has a new career ahead of him
Washington overcomes the script 's flaws and envelops the audience in his character 's anguish , anger and frustration .
Watching Austin Powers in Goldmember is like binging on cotton candy .
Watching Austin Powers in Goldmember is like binging on cotton candy . It 's sweet and fluffy at the time ,
put on an intoxicating show
put on an intoxicating show .
to inject some real vitality and even art into a pulpy concept that , in many other hands would be completely forgettable
to interpret the film 's end as hopeful or optimistic
Congrats Disney
may surprise you
a genre-curling crime story
an intelligent romantic thriller of a very old-school kind of quality .
an intelligent romantic thriller of a very old-school kind of quality
is truly funny , playing a kind of Ghandi gone bad
humor , warmth , and intelligence
humor .
humor , warmth ,
humor , warmth , and
humorous .
humorous and tender
a brilliant ,
a brilliant , absurd
a brilliant , absurd collection
a brilliant , absurd collection of vignettes that , in their own idiosyncratic way , sum up the strange horror of life in the new millennium
a brilliant , absurd collection of vignettes that , in their own idiosyncratic way , sum up the strange horror of life in the new millennium .
its subject matter in a tasteful , intelligent manner
its subject interesting to those who are n't part of its supposed target audience .
its stylish surprises
its strengths
its aspiration to be a true ` epic '
A pleasant and engaging enough sit , but
is truly funny ,
sweet spirit
sweet time building
sweet and gentle
sweet as Greenfingers
A pleasant and engaging enough sit ,
sweet without the decay
sweet without the decay factor
that you find yourself staring hypnotically at her , trying to understand her and wondering if she 'll crack
work up much entertainment value
sucks you in and dares you not to believe it
into the 21st
into sub-Tarantino cuteness
into something provocative , rich , and strange
into the art film pantheon
into the complexities of the Middle East struggle and
More a load of enjoyable , Conan-esque claptrap than the punishing , special-effects soul assaults the Mummy pictures represent .
Morton is a great actress portraying a complex character
joy
jose campanella delivers a loosely autobiographical story brushed with sentimentality but brimming with gentle humor , bittersweet pathos , and lyric moments that linger like snapshots of memory .
walk , to see this barbed and bracing comedy on the big screen
vibrant and intoxicating
try to surprise us with plot twists
try to balance pointed , often incisive satire and unabashed sweetness , with results that are sometimes bracing , sometimes baffling and quite often , and in unexpected ways , touching .
Curling may be a unique sport
plenty of style in Guillermo Del Toro 's sequel to the 1998 hit but
would make it a great piece to watch with kids and use to introduce video as art
wildly popular Vin Diesel
plenty of style in Guillermo Del Toro 's sequel to the 1998 hit
-- and timely --
-- as well its delightful cast --
plenty of style in Guillermo Del Toro 's sequel to the 1998
to this sensitive material
if this was your introduction to one of the greatest plays of the last 100 years
'' is a bright , light modern day family parable that wears its heart on its sleeve
'' succeeds due to its rapid-fire delivery
as a durable part of the movie landscape
works spectacularly well ...
Does an impressive job of relating the complicated history of the war and of filling in the background .
Does point the way for adventurous Indian filmmakers toward a crossover into nonethnic markets .
most thoughtful films about art , ethics , and the cost of moral compromise
most touching movie
most touching movie of recent years
most substantial feature for some time
most thoughtful films
Changing Lanes tries for more . It does n't reach them , but the effort is gratefully received .
Changing Lanes is an anomaly for a Hollywood movie ; it 's a well-written and occasionally challenging social drama that actually has something interesting to say .
the payoff for the audience , as well as
Changing Lanes is an anomaly for a Hollywood movie ; it 's a well-written and occasionally challenging social drama that actually has something interesting to say
Changing Lanes is also a film of freshness , imagination and insight .
Beyond the cleverness , the weirdness and the pristine camerawork
Martin Scorcese 's Gangs of New York still emerges as his most vital work since GoodFellas .
Martin and Barbara are complex characters -- sometimes tender , sometimes angry
Martin and Barbara are complex characters -- sometimes tender , sometimes angry --
Martin and Barbara are complex characters -- sometimes tender , sometimes angry -- and the delicate performances by Sven Wollter and Viveka Seldahl make their hopes and frustrations vivid
right
a talk that appeals to me
a talent
a lovingly rendered coffee table book
stinging at times , and lots of fun .
stimulates the higher brain functions as well as the libido .
stimulates the higher brain functions as well as the libido
such a well loved classic
such a well-defined sense
such a talented director as Chen Kaige
Terrific as Nadia , a Russian mail-order bride who comes to America speaking not a word of English , it 's Kidman who holds the film together with a supremely kittenish performance that gradually accumulates more layers .
Terrific as Nadia , a Russian mail-order bride who comes to America speaking not a word of English
Terrific
Tense , terrific , sweaty-palmed fun .
Tense , terrific , sweaty-palmed fun
Haynes ' ) homage to such films as '' All That Heaven Allows '' and '' Imitation of Life '' transcends them . Simply put
Haynes ' absolute control of the film 's mood
Has a lot of the virtues of Eastwood at his best
Terrific casting and
Terrific casting
eager to please
eager fans
each one of these people stand out and
each other psychologically
rather unique
Revolution # 9 proves to be a compelling
Returning director Rob Minkoff ... and screenwriter Bruce Joel Rubin
Returning director Rob Minkoff ... and screenwriter Bruce Joel Rubin ... have done a fine job of updating White 's dry wit to a new age .
pinnacle
piercing domestic drama
piercing and feisty
slam-bang extravaganza
slap-happy
to a film about a family 's joyous life
that The Accidental Spy is a solid action pic that returns the martial arts master to top form
that Warm Water Under a Red Bridge is a poem to the enduring strengths of women
that Rohmer still has a sense of his audience
that Secret Ballot is a comedy , both gentle and biting
that Werner Herzog can still leave us with a sense of wonder at the diverse , marvelously twisted shapes history has taken
A harmless and mildly amusing family
Romantic , riveting and handsomely animated .
but The Bourne Identity proves that a fresh take is always possible .
but a winsome cast and nice dialogue
but a winsome cast and nice dialogue keeps it going
but accomplished in all aspects with the fullness
of trashy , kinky fun
of traditional layers of awakening and ripening and separation and recovery
of true inspiration
The people in Dogtown and Z-Boys are so funny , aggressive and alive
, road-trip version
quite able
The principals in this cast are all fine , but Bishop and Stevenson are standouts .
What could have become just another cautionary fable is allowed to play out as a clever , charming tale -- as pleasantly in its own way as its self-dramatizing characters .
What Jackson has accomplished here
What Jackson has accomplished here is amazing on a technical level .
What Time Is It There ? well worth the time
What better message than ` love thyself '
What better message than ` love thyself ' could young women of any size receive ?
the movie as a whole
or The Others
had the good sense to cast actors who are , generally speaking , adored by the movie-going public
gut-bustingly funny and crushingly depressing
The title 's
This is a very ambitious project for a fairly inexperienced filmmaker
This is a very ambitious project for a fairly inexperienced filmmaker ,
This is a movie that refreshes the mind and spirit along with the body , so original is its content , look , and style .
This is a nervy , risky film , and
This is a nervy , risky film , and Villeneuve has inspired Croze to give herself over completely to the tormented persona of Bibi
This is a shrewd and effective film from a director who understands how to create and sustain a mood .
believable that you feel what they feel
believable mother\/daughter pair
believe that Nachtwey hates the wars he shows and empathizes with the victims he reveals
poetically states at one point in this movie that we '' do n't care about the truth . ''
poetic imagery
makes the picture work .
makes the picture work
makes the mix-and - match metaphors intriguing , while lulling us into torpor with his cultivated allergy to action
makes the kind of points Egoyan wanted to make
a few nice twists
a few nice
a few nice twists in a standard plot and the charisma of hugh grant and sandra bullock
a few nice twists in a standard plot and
a few nice twists in a standard plot
's Something About Mary and both American Pie movies
taut psychological thriller
teacher
what 's happening but you 'll be blissfully exhausted
what 's even more remarkable is the integrity of DeVito 's misanthropic vision
what 's even more remarkable
team for the all-too - inevitable American remake
about memory and regret
about movie love
register strongly with anybody who still retains a soft spot for precollegiate humor
self-assured directorial debut
a pleasure to have a film like The Hours as an alternative
Melds derivative elements into something that is often quite rich and exciting , and always a beauty to behold
Melds derivative elements into something that is often quite rich and exciting , and always a beauty to behold .
Merry
a more fascinating look at the future
stellar performance
's mildly entertaining
begins as a conventional thriller evolves into a gorgeously atmospheric meditation on life-changing chance encounters .
begins as a conventional thriller evolves into a gorgeously atmospheric meditation on life-changing chance encounters
Better still
Looking aristocratic , luminous yet careworn in Jane Hamilton 's exemplary costumes , Rampling gives a performance that could not be improved upon . '
the wonderful cinematography and naturalistic acting
the wonderful cinematography
but fun .
but it makes for one of the most purely enjoyable and satisfying evenings at the movies I 've had in a while .
there 's stuff here to like
is unlike any you will likely see anywhere else
is undoubtedly one of the finest films of the year .
is undoubtedly one of the finest films of the year
a delicate balance
never change .
needs to be heard in the sea of Holocaust movies
never cuts corners .
a formula comedy redeemed by its stars
a formula comedy redeemed by its stars ,
A metaphor for a modern-day urban China
A metaphor for a modern-day urban China searching for its identity .
and even touching
and fabulous music
and funky look
about an artist of 90-plus years taking the effort to share his impressions of life and loss and time and art with us
nonjudgmental
nonstop hoot
it turns out to be another winning star vehicle
about a filmmaker when he can be wacky without clobbering the audience over the head and still maintain a sense of urgency and suspense
give
give a backbone to the company
the clever credits roll
ear-pleasing
the cleverest , most deceptively amusing comedies of the year
the cleverest ,
the cleverest
to swallow thanks to remarkable performances by Ferrera and Ontiveros
obvious affection ,
is having fun with it all
is hard to dismiss -- moody , thoughtful , and lit by flashes of mordant humor
is hard to dismiss -- moody , thoughtful , and lit by flashes of mordant humor .
is heartening in the same way that each season marks a new start .
is heartfelt and achingly real
is heartening in the same way that each season marks a new start
is heartfelt and achingly real .
Love a joy to behold
that is filled with raw emotions conveying despair and love
Love a joy
that is actually funny with the material
that is dark , disturbing , painful to watch , yet compelling
not to be dismissed
been nice if the screenwriters had trusted audiences to understand a complex story , and left off the film 's predictable denouement .
intimate and intelligent
to stand-up comedy after the wrap of his legendary sitcom
intimate feeling
provides an honest look at a community striving to anchor itself in new grounds
to stand in for true , lived experience
in the heart-pounding suspense of a stylish psychological thriller
in the kind of low-key way that allows us to forget that they are actually movie folk
A smart , steamy mix of road movie , coming-of-age story and political satire
A smart , steamy mix of road movie , coming-of-age story and political satire .
A smart , witty follow-up
A smart ,
A smart , arch and rather cold-blooded comedy
A smart , arch and rather cold-blooded comedy .
A smart , steamy mix
A solid , spooky entertainment
A solid , spooky entertainment worthy of the price of a ticket
Behan himself knew how to spin a tale and one
own considerable achievement
to show how its done
to some truly excellent sequences
on televised Scooby-Doo shows or reruns
on the anguish that can develop when one mulls leaving the familiar to traverse uncharted ground
is an exercise not in biography but in hero worship .
but also to show acting range that may surprise some who thought light-hearted comedy was his forte
but at this level of manic whimsy , it is just about right .
but brimming with gentle humor
its oh-so-Hollywood rejiggering
clever and suspenseful
of the best examples of how to treat a subject , you 're not fully aware is being examined , much like a photo of yourself you did n't know
the sweetness
Ghandi
very compelling , sensitive , intelligent and almost cohesive
the killer in Insomnia . He does this so well
the kids will want to see over and over again
the key to stand-up is to always make it look easy , even though the reality is anything but
to quibble with a flick boasting this many genuine cackles
Director Charles Stone III applies more detail to the film 's music than to the story line ; what 's best about Drumline is its energy
Director Alfonso Cuaron gets vivid , convincing performances from a fine cast , and generally keeps things going at a rapid pace , occasionally using an omniscient voice-over narrator in the manner of French New Wave films .
Directed with purpose and finesse
Directed with purpose and finesse by England 's Roger Mitchell , who handily makes the move from pleasing , relatively lightweight commercial fare such as Notting Hill to commercial fare with real thematic heft .
Directed with purpose and finesse by England 's Roger Mitchell , who handily makes the move from pleasing
hallmark film
hallelujah for small favors
to A Better Tomorrow
's something auspicious , and daring , too ,
's something auspicious , and daring , too
's something auspicious , and daring , too , about the artistic instinct that pushes a majority-oriented director like Steven Spielberg to follow A . I . with this challenging report so liable to unnerve the majority .
's something auspicious , and daring , too , about the artistic instinct that pushes a majority-oriented director like Steven Spielberg to follow A . I . with this challenging report so liable to unnerve the majority
's something auspicious , and daring ,
's so successful at lodging itself in the brain
the pitch-perfect Forster to the always hilarious Meara and Levy , Like Mike shoots and scores , doing its namesake proud
the difference between cho and most comics is that her confidence in her material is merited
but every bit as filling as the treat of the title
Intriguing and downright intoxicating .
well played
a light , fun cheese
well plotted , visually striking
well because this film , unlike other Dumas adaptations , is far more likened to a treasure than a lengthy jail sentence
welcome breeziness
welcome contrast
very touching
Steers turns in a snappy screenplay that curls at the edges ; it 's so clever you want to hate it
very top rank
generous
pulls his even-handed ideological ship to their dock for unloading
purest and
provocative and
Stay for the credits and see a devastating comic impersonation by Dustin Hoffman that is revelatory
very welcome
paced to be a thriller . -LRB- But it 's -RRB- worth recommending because of two marvelous performances by Michael Caine and Brendan Fraser
page-turner
you 're in the right B-movie frame of mind
decorous
a masterful piece of artistry right here
, except that it seems to take itself far more seriously .
A bit of a downer and a little over-dramatic at times , but this is a beautiful film for people who like their romances to have that French realism
A bittersweet drama
A bit of a downer and a little over-dramatic at times , but this is a beautiful film for people who like their romances to have that French realism .
A bittersweet drama about the limbo of grief and how truth-telling can open the door to liberation .
A bittersweet drama about the limbo of grief and how truth-telling
very top
participation
particularly interesting
The impulses that produced this project ... are commendable
Adrian Lyne comes as close to profundity as he is likely to get .
Adobo
Affleck and Jackson are good sparring partners .
Sandra Bullock and Hugh Grant make a great team , but
Sandra Bullock and Hugh Grant make a great team ,
After making several adaptations of other writers ' work , Armenian-Canadian director Atom Egoyan broached an original treatment of a deeply personal subject .
Santa gives gifts to grownups
Santa Clause 2 ' is wondrously creative .
skillfully assembled , highly polished and
skillfully assembled , highly polished and professional
makes it irresistible
makes it special
as pleasantly
makes the film a fuller experience , like an old friend haunted by the exigencies of time
makes it worthwhile
as one of the great films about movie love
makes the film a fuller experience , like an old friend haunted by the exigencies of time .
time to get to its gasp-inducing ending
as pretty contagious fun
nothing to sneeze at these days
nothing short of mesmerizing
not to make fun of these curious owners of architectural oddities . Instead , he shows them the respect they are due
not to like about a movie with a ` children 's ' song that includes the line ` My stepdad 's not mean , he 's just adjusting '
They ' begins and ends with scenes so terrifying I 'm still stunned .
This was lazy but enjoyable
strategies
A jaw-droppingly beautiful work
This warm and gentle romantic comedy
This version incarnates the prophetic book in a way even its exacting author might admire .
This version 's no classic like its predecessor , but its pleasures are still plentiful .
This surreal Gilliam-esque film is also a troubling interpretation of Ecclesiastes . A rewarding work of art for only the most patient and challenge-hungry moviegoers .
an amiable aimlessness that keeps it from seeming predictably formulaic
an amiably idiosyncratic work
an almost constant mindset of suspense
an amazing slapstick
an amazing slapstick instrument
an ambitious film
symbolic
this romantic\/comedy
toward keeping the picture compelling
we 're seeing something purer than the real thing
recalls the classics of early Italian neorealism
that he is one of the luckiest men alive
that he can improvise like a jazzman
that exquisitely blends music , dance , song , and high drama .
that exquisitely blends music , dance , song , and high drama
that freshly considers arguments the Bard 's immortal plays
that have become a Spielberg trademark
that has bucked the odds
of animation enthusiasts of all ages
have settled comfortably into her skin
with a mixture of deadpan cool , wry humor and just the measure
with a modicum of patience
visual veneer
is at once a tough pill to swallow and a minor miracle of self-expression
with a momentum that never lets up
Bigelow offers some flashy twists and turns that occasionally fortify this turgid fable . But
Bigelow offers some flashy twists and turns that occasionally fortify this turgid fable .
Bill Morrison 's Decasia
Bill Morrison 's Decasia is uncompromising , difficult and unbearably beautiful .
DeVito 's misanthropic vision
De Niro and Murphy make Showtime the most savory and hilarious guilty pleasure of many a recent movie season .
its perfect quiet pace
a breath of the fresh air of true sophistication
a bona-fide master , a fascinating film replete with rewards to be had by all willing to make the effort to reap them
a bona-fide master
a blast of educational energy , as bouncy animation and catchy songs escort you through the entire 85 minutes
a blast of educational energy
a blast
your own cleverness
Part of the charm of Satin Rouge
Part of the charm of Satin Rouge is that it avoids the obvious with humour and lightness .
eye-catching art direction
inspiring or insightful
animated subplot keenly
animation and catchy songs
and well-meaning
and yet -- unlike Quills -- deftly shows us the temper of the times
and well and living
dialogue and sharp
with a lot of careful period attention as well as some very welcome wit
with a real flair for epic landscapes and adventure
of education
of `` His Girl Friday , '' maintaining a light touch while tackling serious themes
welcome to see a Chinese film depict a homosexual relationship in a mature and frank fashion
a smart
far from the worst , thanks to the topical issues it raises , the performances of Stewart and Hardy
far from the worst , thanks to the topical issues it raises , the performances of Stewart and Hardy , and that essential feature -- a decent full-on space battle
far more likened to a treasure than a lengthy jail sentence
far more pointed and clear
a small but rewarding comedy that takes aim at contemporary southern adolescence and never lets up
Maybe not a classic , but a movie the kids will want to see over and over again .
By halfway through this picture I was beginning to hate it , and , of course , feeling guilty for it ... Then , miracle of miracles , the movie does a flip-flop .
The primitive force of this film seems to bubble up from the vast collective memory of the combatants . It 's like watching a nightmare made flesh .
The production has been made with an enormous amount of affection
The quality of the art combined with the humor and intelligence of the script
The quality of the art combined with the humor and intelligence of the script allow the filmmakers to present the biblical message of forgiveness without it ever becoming preachy or syrupy .
making a statement about the inability of dreams and aspirations to carry forward into the next generation
making a statement
including a knockout of a closing line )
including a knockout of a closing line
transcend any awards it bags
an important chronicle
an impact in the theater world
style . Entertaining
endearing .
the force of humanity over hardware in a way that George Lucas has long forgotten
looks to be having so much fun with the slapstick antics and silly street patois , tossing around obscure expressions like Bellini and Mullinski ,
love the big , dumb , happy movie
love the way
looks to be having so much fun with the slapstick antics and silly street patois
looks to be having so much fun with the slapstick antics and silly street patois ,
looks to be having so much fun with the slapstick antics and silly street patois , tossing around obscure expressions like Bellini and Mullinski
flower-power liberation
loved about it
loving what you 're seeing ,
flow through the Hollywood pipeline without a hitch
With lesser talents , High Crimes would be entertaining , but forgettable . With Freeman and Judd , I 'll at least remember their characters .
so compelling
Initial strangeness inexorably gives way to rote sentimentality
me
bounce off a quirky cast of characters
's coherent
's coherent , well shot ,
's coherent , well shot , and
's coherent , well shot
's coherent , well shot , and tartly
's coherent , well shot , and tartly acted
that the film never feels derivative
that the highest power of all is the power of love
that the gang feels comfortable with taking insane liberties and doing the goofiest stuff out of left field
none can equal
quirky charm
quirky and poignant Japanese film
and comedy bits
the stunt work is top-notch
welcomed
original little film
original fantasy film
yet -- unlike Quills -- deftly shows us the temper of the times
welcome perspective
drama , romance , tragedy , bravery , political intrigue
drama , romance , tragedy , bravery , political intrigue , partisans and
modern master
here seems to have recharged him
that there 's a casual intelligence that permeates the script
crystallize key plot moments
had the inclination to make the most sincere and artful movie in which Adam Sandler will probably ever appear
had the ability to mesmerize , astonish and entertain
had this much imagination and nerve
by writer-director Kurt Wimmer
sophisticated film
sons , loyalty and duty
soulful , incisive meditation
still love the old stuff
with scenes so true and heartbreaking
nothing to drink
superhero
against itself
laughs and not the last time
welcome and heartwarming
a black comedy ,
a bigger-name cast
a serious debt to The Road Warrior
an admirable ambition
legs
legendary actor Michel Serrault
lends the ending an extraordinary poignancy , and the story
provide an emotional edge
P . C .
Leaping from one arresting image to another
Leaping from one arresting image to another , Songs from the Second Floor has all the enjoyable randomness of a very lively dream and so manages to be compelling , amusing and unsettling at the same time .
Leading a double life in an American film only comes to no good , but not here . Matters play out realistically if not always fairly
Leading a double life in an American film only comes to no good , but not here . Matters play out realistically if not always fairly .
make in the interests of doing them good
make for excellent company
make for a mildly entertaining 77 minutes , if that 's what you 're in the mood for .
make for a mildly entertaining 77 minutes , if that 's what you 're in the mood for
make The Sound of Music play like a nail-biting thriller
a nice cool glass of iced tea
dresses them in lovely costumes , Southern California locations and star power
a new , or inventive , journey
make in the interests of doing them good .
allying you with its characters ' choices , good and ill
allying you with its characters ' choices , good and ill ,
allows the larger implications of the journey
for human connection
ambiguity and creating
dynamic decades
duty and love
fairly judge a film like RINGU when you 've seen the remake first . Many of the effective horror elements are dampened through familiarity , ( yet ) are worthwhile
rooted in a sincere performance by the title character undergoing midlife crisis
rooted in a sincere performance
rooted
fairly enjoyable
fairly enjoyable mixture
brought something fresher
brought something fresher to the proceedings
brought to life
brutally honest individual
brought to life on the big screen
competitive
compelling quest
compelling yarn
I truly enjoyed most of Mostly Martha while I ne
I thoroughly enjoyed the love story
the reunion
I say , entertaining
I suspect it might deliver again and again
I simply ca n't recommend it enough .
sillier
and finely directed
and films it so beautifully
and fabulous music .
and exquisitely
and featuring some of the year 's best acting
and fiercely atheistic
and filled with enjoyably complex characters who are never what they first appear
and fiercely committed
pretty and gifted
pretty contagious fun
smart satire
, the picture becomes increasingly mesmerizing .
, the film works on several levels , openly questioning social mores while ensnaring the audience with its emotional pull .
, the movie is serviceable
He nonetheless appreciates the art and reveals a music scene that transcends culture and race
He makes you realize that deep inside righteousness can be found a tough beauty .
He is n't blind to the silliness , but also captures moments of spontaneous creativity and authentic co-operative interaction
He does this so well
Heart
He watches them as they float within the seas of their personalities .
Heaven proves to be a good match of the sensibilities of two directors .
Heaven is one such beast
It almost plays like Solaris , but with guns and jokes .
It 's tough , astringent , darkly funny and
It 's tough , astringent , darkly funny and ...
was n't as bad as I thought it was going to be
was otherwise a fascinating , riveting story
was rather clever
bold biographical fantasia
bold choices
boisterous and utterly charming
bold colors
in Northern Ireland in favour of an approach
in Mr. Spielberg 's 1993 classic
`` the road paved with good intentions leads to the video store ''
to display his cadness to perfection , but also to show acting range that may surprise some who thought light-hearted comedy was his forte
is funny from
is giddily entertaining
is giddily entertaining .
is honest enough to deny the possibility of hope in Auschwitz
This is one of the most visually stunning and thematically moving epics in recent memory , and
This is one of the most visually stunning and thematically moving epics in recent memory ,
This is a raw and disturbing tale that took five years to make , and the trio 's absorbing narrative is a heart-wrenching showcase indeed
This is a raw and disturbing tale that took five years to make , and
This is a raw and disturbing tale that took five years to make ,
made of little moments
made the film more cohesive
made the old boy 's characters more quick-witted than any English Lit
who lie not through dishonesty , but because they genuinely believe it 's the only way to bring happiness to their loved ones
well made , but does n't generate a lot of tension .
well-acted ,
well loved classic
well-acted by James Spader and Maggie Gyllenhaal
well-acted , but
show real heart
well-behaved film
laughed out loud once
Bullock does a good job here of working against her natural likability .
it 's a worthy companion to the many fine , focused films emerging from that most surprising of nations .
wonder , `
worth sitting through
it 's a worthy companion to the many fine , focused films emerging from that most surprising of nations
She 's a pretty woman
Pleasant but not
Pleasant
Shanghai Ghetto may not be as dramatic as Roman Polanski 's The Pianist , but its compassionate spirit soars every bit as high .
the authenticity of the performances
the audience with its emotional pull
laugh their \*\*\* off for an hour-and-a-half
demands and receives excellent performances
laugh their \*\*\* off
a guilty-pleasure ,
a guilty-pleasure , daytime-drama sort
fast-moving and remarkable film
father and son connection
What Eric Schaeffer has accomplished with Never Again may not , strictly speaking , qualify as revolutionary . But it 's defiantly and delightfully against the grain .
What Eric Schaeffer has accomplished with Never Again may not , strictly speaking , qualify as revolutionary . But it 's defiantly and delightfully against the grain
can state that Kissing Jessica Stein may be the best same-sex romance I have seen
less psycho
less for its story of actorly existential despair than for its boundary-hopping formal innovations and glimpse into another kind of Chinese
very capable nailbiter
marks for political courage
in this fascinating portrait of a modern Lothario
in this engaging film about two men who discover what William James once called ` the gift of tears
in this colorful bio-pic of a Mexican icon
ca n't help but get caught up in the thrill of the company 's astonishing growth .
a fine valedictory work
a fine valedictory work for Polanski
a footnote to history seldom brought to light on the screen
a gem
a gem .
a gem . His characters are engaging
a gem . His characters are engaging , intimate and the dialogue is realistic and greatly moving . The scope of the Silberstein family is large and we grow attached to their lives , full of strength , warmth and vitality .
a generation defines its music as much as the music defines a generation
A great comedy filmmaker knows great comedy need n't always make us laugh . Tim Story 's not there yet - but `
completely honest , open-hearted film
complexity to its not-so-stock characters
completely loveable
compelling film .
compelling coming-of-age drama
complexity to its not-so-stock characters .
A love for films shines through each frame and the era is recreated with obvious affection , scored to perfection with some tasty boogaloo beats
A love for films shines through each frame and
an undeniable energy
an undeniable entertainment value
an uncompromising film
an undeniably intriguing film
an undeniably intriguing film from an adventurous young talent who finds his inspiration on the fringes of the American underground
unconventionally
gives us compelling , damaged characters who we want to help -- or hurt .
gives viewers a chance to learn , to grow , to travel
, uplifting and moving
, unforced style
, uplifting and funny
, unforced naturalism to their characters .
, twisted , brilliant and macabre
, trust and loyalty
our lust for fast-paced action
ostentatious
our hearts for acceptance
a majestic achievement
terribly funny
think and talk about their goals
the absurdity of the situation in a well-balanced fashion
the acting is far from painful
the adrenaline jolt
the adrenaline jolt of a sudden lunch rush at the diner
the affable cast
'' Safe Conduct
for its story of actorly existential despair than for its boundary-hopping formal innovations and glimpse into another kind of Chinese
for its success on a patient viewer
, this is a remarkably accessible and haunting film .
, this is beautiful filmmaking from one of French cinema 's master craftsmen .
, this is a film that takes a stand in favor of tradition and warmth .
, this is a movie that tells stories that work -- is charming , is moving
, this is one adapted - from-television movie that actually looks as if it belongs on the big screen .
, this is even better than The Fellowship . There are scenes of cinematic perfection that steal your heart away .
, this is grand-scale moviemaking for a larger-than-life figure , an artist who has been awarded mythic status in contemporary culture .
, this is sure to raise audience 's spirits and leave them singing long after the credits roll .
, this is surely what they 'd look like .
both in terms of style and ethnicity , prevents the proceedings from feeling repetitious , as does the appropriately brief 40-minute running time
boldly provocative
bravura lead performance
bravura
both unflinching and tantalizing
is so fine
works because its flabbergasting principals , 14-year-old Robert MacNaughton , 6-year-old Drew Barrymore and 10-year-old Henry Thomas , convince us of the existence of the wise , wizened visitor from a faraway planet
it probably wo n't have you swinging from the trees hooting it 's praises , but it 's definitely worth taking a look .
it provides a reasonably attractive holiday contraption , one that families looking for a clean , kid-friendly outing should investigate
it pays earnest homage to turntablists and beat jugglers , old schoolers and current innovators
it plays like a powerful 1957 drama we 've somehow never seen before
it nonetheless sustains interest during the long build-up of expository material .
it offers hope
it one of the best war movies ever made
unblinkingly pure as The Hours
unbridled delight
uncanny skill in getting under the skin of her characters
up being both revelatory and narcissistic , achieving some honest insight into relationships that most high-concept films candy-coat with pat storylines , precious circumstances and beautiful stars
uplifting and funny
uplifting and
An exquisitely crafted and acted tale .
An honest , sensitive story
An exquisitely
An honest , sensitive story from a Vietnamese point of view .
An immensely entertaining look
An honest , sensitive story from a Vietnamese point
An honest , sensitive story from a Vietnamese point of view
An immensely entertaining look at some of the unsung heroes of 20th century
An immensely entertaining look at some of the unsung heroes of 20th century pop music .
like few others
like many of his works
is appealing .
what he does best
will you be shocked .
manages sweetness largely without stickiness
but rather delivers a performance of striking skill and depth
liked sometimes
likely to find compelling
all too clever complexity
stays in your head and makes you question your own firmly held positions .
genuine depth that would make them redeemable
genuine depth
feel is n't mainly suspense or excitement
evocative , accurate
everything meshes in this elegant entertainment
evocative , accurate observation
evolve
evoke surprising poignance
dreamlike ecstasy
's good enough to be the purr
's got just enough charm and appealing character quirks to forgive that still serious problem
's good to see Michael Caine whipping out the dirty words and punching people in the stomach again .
bronx
with a pleasing verisimilitude
fruitful
B +
genuine
a glossy , rich green , environment almost makes the picture work .
a gift for generating nightmarish images
a gift
cinematic postcard
cinematography and exhilarating
cinematography and exhilarating point-of-view shots
cinematography and exhilarating point-of-view shots and
cinematography and exhilarating point-of-view shots and fewer slow-motion ` grandeur ' shots
cinematography and exhilarating point-of-view shots and fewer slow-motion ` grandeur ' shots and
with a series of riveting set pieces
Broomfield is energized by Volletta Wallace 's maternal fury , her fearlessness , and because of that , his film crackles
Broomfield is energized by Volletta Wallace 's maternal fury , her fearlessness , and because of that , his film crackles .
British comedy
British stage icon
Broomfield is energized by Volletta Wallace 's maternal fury , her fearlessness ,
Broomfield is energized by Volletta Wallace 's maternal fury , her fearlessness , and
Broomfield is energized by Volletta Wallace 's maternal fury , her fearlessness
with a sense of wonder
photographed and beautifully recorded .
's a nice departure from standard moviegoing fare
a pretty good team
's a lovers-on-the-run crime flick
When you 've got the wildly popular Vin Diesel in the equation , it adds up to big box office bucks all but guaranteed .
Whenever it threatens to get bogged down in earnest dramaturgy , a stirring visual sequence like a surge through swirling rapids or a leap from pinnacle to pinnacle rouses us .
the power of love
'' Two Weddings and a Funeral '' fun
'' The Emperor 's New Clothes '' begins with a simple plan ... Well , at least that 's the plan .
'' Moretti 's film makes its own , quieter observations
'' Orange County '' is a refreshing change
even as they are being framed in conversation --
a good job of painting this family dynamic for the audience
a good movie ye
a good movie ye who enter here
a good natured warning
a good simmer
a good surprise ending
a good three days
a good vampire tale
a good video game movie
goes a long way toward keeping the picture compelling
the same movie you probably loved in 1994 , except that it looks even better
reading an oversized picture book before bedtime
reaffirms life
reaffirming Washington as possibly the best actor working in movies today
ready-made midnight movie
thoughtful examination
thoughtful and unflinching examination
thoughtful , visually graceful
thoughtful , reverent portrait
Kline 's ) utterly convincing -- and deeply appealing -- as a noble teacher who embraces a strict moral code
Kline 's superbly nuanced performance ,
Kline 's superbly nuanced performance
are magnificent
are lives worth watching , paths worth following .
are lives worth watching , paths worth following
are more than compensated for by its wryly subversive tone
are moments it can be heart-rending in an honest and unaffected ( and gentle ) way .
are moments it can be heart-rending in an honest and unaffected ( and gentle ) way
is ... determined to treat its characters , weak and strong , as fallible human beings , not caricatures , and to carefully delineate the cost of the inevitable conflicts between human urges and an institution concerned with self-preservation
are more than compensated for by its wryly subversive tone .
once again dazzle and delight us
of characters in this picture
embraces the time-honored truth that the most powerful thing in life is
embracing
embrace the bounties of cultural artifacts inside St . Petersburg
shedding light on a group of extremely talented musicians
shedding light on a group of extremely talented musicians who might otherwise go unnoticed and underappreciated by music fans
emerging from that most surprising of nations
emotional development
sheer goofiness and cameos
sheer audacity and openness
sheer beauty
gay coming-of-age tale
warmly extend your arms
of innocence and wisdom
of how to treat a subject , you 're not fully aware is being examined , much like a photo of yourself you did n't know
of incendiary genius , steering clear of knee-jerk reactions and quick solutions
of incendiary genius
importantly ,
important in life
well worthwhile
warm with the cozy feeling of relaxing around old friends
does sustain an enjoyable level of ridiculousness
warmly
doggie
of such a well loved classic
of such a minute idea
tell the best story
forget that they are actually movie folk
forgoes the larger socio-political picture of the situation in Northern Ireland in favour of an approach that throws one in the pulsating thick of a truly frightening situation
foremost cinematic poet
go-for-broke acting that heralds something special
wanted to fully capitalize on its lead 's specific gifts
more fascinating look
more fascinating than the results . Last Dance , whatever its flaws , fulfills one facet of its mission in making me want to find out whether , in this case , that 's true
more experimental
more experimental in its storytelling
more fascinating -- being real --
The principals in this cast are all fine , but Bishop and Stevenson are standouts
more fun watching Spy than I had with most of the big summer movies
he will once again be an honest and loving one
know it 's going to be a trip .
made Tucker a star
made The Full Monty a smashing success
made The Full Monty a smashing success ...
made The Full Monty a smashing success ... but
its handful of redeeming features
its imaginative premise
` ron seal the deal
` stoked
incredibly clever and superbly paced
incredibly clever
incredibly clever and superbly paced caper
increasingly mesmerizing
dazzling
dazzling camera-work , dancing and music
darn good , despite its smarty-pants aura .
is pure , exciting moviemaking .
is pure , exciting moviemaking
is pretty cute
is presented with universal appeal
is presented with great sympathy and intelligence
is present Brown as a catalyst for the struggle of black manhood in restrictive and chaotic America ... sketchy but nevertheless gripping portrait of Jim Brown , a celebrated wonder in the spotlight
tantalizes by offering a peep show into the lives of the era 's creme de la celluloid .
is quintessential Bollywood . Except it 's much , much better .
is quintessential Bollywood . Except it 's much , much better
magnetic performance
in remembrance
of a happy ending
revealing nothing about the pathology it pretends to investigate
Britney has been delivered to the big screen safe and sound , the way we like our 20-year-old superstar girls to travel on the fame freeway .
ourselves and
our moviemakers
out ballsy and stylish
about the astonishingly pivotal role of imagination in the soulful development of two rowdy teenagers
about tattoos
positively decadent in its cinematic flash and
to play out as a clever , charming tale -- as pleasantly in its own way as its self-dramatizing characters
through the eyes of the idealistic kid who chooses to champion his ultimately losing cause
move with grace and panache
fights the good fight in Vietnam in director Randall Wallace 's flag-waving war flick with a core of decency
fights the good fight in Vietnam in director Randall Wallace 's flag-waving war flick with a core of decency .
tightly organized efficiency , numerous flashbacks and a constant edge of tension
presents a frightening and compelling ` What if ? '
presents a frightening and compelling ` What if ?
timely than its director could ever have dreamed
whole lot scarier
handsome locations
witty and beneath
without vulgarity , sex scenes , and cussing
wittier
without the vulgarity and with an intelligent , life-affirming script
had the good sense
Amazing !
incredibly layered and stylistic film
incredibly layered and stylistic
its music as much as the music defines a generation
its intricate intellectual gamesmanship
its historical significance
that needs to be heard in the sea of Holocaust movies
keeps this pretty watchable
keeps this pretty watchable ,
keeps this pretty watchable , and
keeps this pretty watchable , and casting Mick Jagger as director of the escort service was inspired
even the bull gets recycled .
manages to be kind of heartwarming , nonetheless .
manages to find new avenues of discourse on old problems
manage to get you under its spell
manages to be decent instead of dead brilliant
manages to be kind of heartwarming , nonetheless
managed to make its way past my crappola radar and find a small place in my heart
manages at least a decent attempt at meaningful cinema
choirs at the same time , which is a pretty amazing accomplishment
perfected the art of highly entertaining , self-aggrandizing , politically motivated documentary-making
perfectly acceptable widget
perfect use in the breathtakingly beautiful outer-space documentary Space Station 3D
perfected
perfect show
perfect starting point
perfect medium
perfect performance
perfect for a ballplayer
perfect in their roles
's a glorious spectacle like those D . W . Griffith made in the early days of silent film .
with one of France 's most inventive directors
that we associate with Cage 's best acting
An interesting story with a pertinent ( cinematically unique ) message , told fairly well and scored to perfection , I found myself struggling to put my finger on that elusive '' missing thing . ''
An interesting story
An interesting look
An intense and effective film about loneliness and the chilly anonymity of the environments where so many of us spend so much of our time .
An inventive
An intriguing cinematic omnibus and
like an old Warner Bros . costumer jived with sex
like an all-star salute
like an extreme action-packed film
like an extended , open-ended poem than a traditionally structured story
like an extreme action-packed film with a hint of humor
chronicles Seinfeld 's return to stand-up comedy after the wrap of his legendary sitcom ,
offers some flashy twists and turns that occasionally fortify this turgid fable .
ofrecen actuaciones verdaderamente memorables
appreciate original romantic comedies
beguiling splash
being captivated by it
being a most touching reconsideration of the familiar masterpiece
being a different kind of time traveler
pretty good in the first few minutes
pretty moments
Whatever Eyre 's failings as a dramatist , he deserves credit for bringing audiences into this hard and bitter place .
many of the things that made the first one charming
every member of the ensemble has something fascinating to do --
every member of the ensemble has something fascinating to do
every member
every bit as high
It 's soulful and unslick
It 's soulful and unslick , and that 's apparently just what ( Aniston ) has always needed to grow into a movie career
It 's rare for any movie to be as subtle and touching as The Son 's Room .
It 's refreshing to see a romance this smart .
It 's secondary to American Psycho but still has claws enough to get inside you and stay there for a couple of hours .
It 's something of the ultimate Scorsese film , with all the stomach-turning violence , colorful New York gang lore and other hallmarks of his personal cinema painted on their largest-ever historical canvas .
delivers a monologue that manages to incorporate both the horror and the absurdity of the situation in a well-balanced fashion .
It 's soulful and unslick , and that 's apparently just what ( Aniston ) has always needed to grow into a movie career .
delivers an inspired portrait of male-ridden angst and the emotional blockage that accompanies this human condition
delivers a surprising
've marveled at Disney 's rendering of water , snow , flames and shadows in a hand-drawn animated world .
've got to hand it to director George Clooney for biting off such a big job the first time out
inspires more
mildly pleasant
gentle and humane side
've marveled at Disney 's rendering of water , snow , flames and shadows in a hand-drawn animated world . Prepare to marvel again .
've marveled at Disney 's rendering of water , snow , flames and shadows in a hand-drawn animated world . Prepare to marvel again
always the prettiest pictures
always the prettiest pictures that tell the best story
to jump in my chair
genteel yet decadent
the dramatic conviction that underlies the best of comedies
stunning star turn
beauty ,
beautifully sung holiday carol
beautifully sung
beautifully read and , finally , deeply humanizing
beautifully read and , finally ,
beautifully read and
beautifully read
beautifully illuminates what it means sometimes to be inside looking out , and at other times outside looking in .
beautifully edited
beautifully detailed performances by all of the actors
persuades you , with every scene ,
phenomenal performances
students that deals with first love sweetly but also seriously .
could put it on a coffee table anywhere .
the most complex , generous and subversive artworks
the most blithe exchanges gives the film its lingering tug
the most creative , energetic and original
the most complex , generous and subversive artworks of the last decade
candid , archly funny and deeply authentic
candid , archly funny and deeply authentic take
can write and deliver a one liner as well as anybody .
for its intricate intellectual gamesmanship
candid , archly funny
candid , archly funny and
, the film has a gentle , unforced intimacy that never becomes claustrophobic .
, the film does hold up pretty well .
, the film is , arguably , the most accomplished work to date from Hong Kong 's versatile Stanley Kwan .
, the film is a hilarious adventure and I shamelessly enjoyed it .
, the film has an odd purity that does n't bring you into the characters so much as it has you study them .
, the film has in Kieran Culkin a pitch-perfect Holden .
, the film is also imbued with strong themes of familial ties and spirituality that are powerful and moving without stooping to base melodrama
Bourne , Jason Bourne . He can scale a building like a super hero , he can out-stealth any agent , he 'll get the girl . He 's Super Spy !
Bourne , Jason Bourne . He can scale a building
Bow 's best moments are when he 's getting busy on the basketball court because that 's when he really scores .
everyone making it
really takes off
really what we demand of the director
with a clear passion for sociology
Jet
Good , solid storytelling .
Gollum 's ` performance ' is incredible !
God It
Pan Nalin 's exposition is beautiful and mysterious , and the interviews that follow , with the practitioners of this ancient Indian practice , are as subtle and as enigmatic
Pan Nalin 's exposition is beautiful and mysterious , and the interviews that follow , with the practitioners of this ancient Indian practice , are as subtle and as enigmatic .
clear of knee-jerk reactions and quick solutions
clear of reminding yourself that it 's a '' true story '' and you 're likely to have one helluva time at the movies
clear of reminding yourself that it 's a '' true story '' and you 're likely to have one helluva time at the movies .
bursts with a goofy energy
bursting with incident , and with scores of characters , some fictional , some from history
clear-eyed boldness and quiet irony
bursting
of playfulness and excitement
of post-Saving Private Ryan tributes to the greatest generation
of people together in a sweet and charming way , if a little convenient
A visionary marvel ,
A visionary marvel
never dull
the unsettled tenor of that post 9-11 period far better
alternative housing options
alternately fascinating and frustrating documentary
alternately fascinating and frustrating
also will win you over , in a big way
also utilized the scintillating force of its actors to draw out the menace of its sparse dialogue
also treats the subject with fondness and respect
teaches good ethics
edge
effective
glides gracefully from male persona to female without missing a beat . Ben Kingsley is truly funny ,
glides gracefully from male persona to female without missing a beat . Ben Kingsley is truly funny
glides gracefully from male persona to female without missing a beat . Ben Kingsley is truly funny , playing a kind of Ghandi gone bad
glimpse into the mysteries of human behavior
glorified
Alternates between deadpan comedy and heartbreaking
Alternates between deadpan comedy and heartbreaking loneliness and is n't afraid to provoke introspection in both its characters and its audience .
of those films that requires the enemy to never shoot straight
it 's a nice girl-buddy movie once it gets rock-n-rolling
it 's a dark , gritty story but
it 's a love story as sanguine as its title
it 's a heck of a ride . Samuel L . Jackson is one of the best actors there is
it 's a funny no-brainer
judicious editing
, relatively lightweight commercial fare such as Notting Hill to commercial fare with real thematic heft .
, reflective and beautifully
joyous documentary
joyous communal festival
joyous romp of a film .
joyous documentary .
joys in our lives
The year 's greatest adventure , and Jackson 's limited but enthusiastic adaptation has made literature literal without killing its soul -- a feat any thinking person is bound to appreciate
The year 's greatest adventure , and Jackson 's limited but enthusiastic adaptation has made literature literal without killing its soul -- a feat any thinking person is bound to appreciate .
The year 's greatest adventure , and
The year 's greatest adventure , and Jackson 's limited but enthusiastic adaptation
The year 's greatest adventure
The year 's greatest adventure ,
The writing is clever and the cast is appealing .
The writing is clever and
The writing is clever and the cast is appealing
a class by itself
a cinematic touchstone
a child with an important message to tell
a china shop , a provocateur crashing into ideas and special-interest groups as he slaps together his own brand of liberalism
a chuckle
a cinematic poem
provides an amazing performance that dwarfs everything else in the film .
if you go in knowing that , you might have fun in this cinematic sandbox
labute masterfully
the precedent of Yiddish theater , whose jolly , fun-for-fun 's - sake communal spirit goes to the essence of Broadway
provides perspective with his intelligent grasp of human foibles and contradictions
provides some great insight into the neurotic mindset of all comics -- even those who have reached the absolute top of the game .
provides some great insight into the neurotic mindset of all comics -- even those who have reached the absolute top of the game
plentiful
plenty of dramatic momentum
plenty of slapstick humor for the kids , lots of in-jokes for the adults and heart enough for everyone
plenty to ponder and chew on as its unusual relationship slowly unfolds
pleasurably
pleasurably jacked-up piece
pleasure to enjoy their eccentricities
pleasure to see Seinfeld griping about the biz with buddies Chris Rock , Garry Shandling and Colin Quinn
labute masterfully balances both traditional or modern stories together in a manner that one never overwhelms the other . something for everyone .
as the film has some of the best special effects ever
since The Empire Strikes Back ... a majestic achievement , an epic of astonishing grandeur and surprising emotional depth
A film about a young man finding God that is accessible and touching to the marrow
A fascinating documentary that provides a rounded and revealing overview of this ancient holistic healing system
A fascinating documentary
A fascinating , dark thriller that keeps you hooked on the delicious pulpiness of its lurid fiction .
A fascinating , dark thriller that keeps you
A fascinating , dark thriller
A fantastically vital movie that manages to invest real humor , sensuality , and sympathy into a story about two adolescent boys .
A fantastically vital movie that manages to invest real humor ,
A fantastically vital movie that manages to invest real humor
A fantastically vital movie
that should have been the ultimate IMAX trip
that should tell you everything you need to know about All the Queen 's Men
that solid acting can do for a movie
rises above the level of a telanovela .
opening ) dance
with which actor and director take on life 's urgent questions
rises to its clever what-if concept
oozes craft .
oozes craft
oodles of charm
its peak
completely joyful
compelling story
complex
complexity
will encourage others to stand up and applaud , and will , undoubtedly , leave both camps engaged in a ferocious debate for years to come .
made by a proper , middle-aged woman .
great way
's the sweet Cinderella story
helps make great marching bands half the fun of college football games
helps create a complex , unpredictable character .
message resonate
another cautionary fable is allowed to play out as a clever , charming tale -- as pleasantly in its own way as its self-dramatizing characters .
You wo n't miss its messages
movie that portrays the frank humanity of ... emotional recovery
her agreeably startling use
another great ` what you do n't see ' is much more terrifying than what you do
another hat
meticulous talent
Yale grad
Ya-Yas everywhere will forgive the flaws and love the film .
still memorable for some great one-liners
her agreeably startling use of close-ups
grimly competent and stolid and earnest
greatly enhances the quality of Neil Burger 's impressive fake documentary .
with performances that are all understated and touching
with passion and attitude
with pat storylines , precious circumstances and beautiful stars
with nervous energy , moral ambiguity and great uncertainties
with love for the movies of the 1960s
quite admirable
quite endearing .
hold our attention
hold dear about cinema ,
hold dear about cinema
Frailty will turn Bill Paxton into an A-list director
France 's most inventive directors
admire the ensemble players and
admiring
Liotta put on 30 pounds for the role , and has completely transformed himself from his smooth , Goodfellas image .
swinging London in the time of the mods and the rockers
shattering and
sane and healthy
sane person
this is n't exactly profound cinema , but it 's good-natured and sometimes quite funny
this is n't exactly profound cinema , but it 's good-natured and sometimes quite funny .
this vision can hardly be underestimated
this will be an enjoyable choice for younger kids .
this is a harrowing movie about how parents know where all the buttons are , and how to push them .
painstaking
painful and refreshing
The smartest bonehead comedy
The smartest bonehead comedy of the summer .
The spark of special anime magic
The second chapter of the Harry Potter series is even more magical than the first and simply the best family film of the year .
The second coming
The second coming of Harry Potter
The second coming of Harry Potter is a film far superior to its predecessor . A movie that successfully crushes a best selling novel into a timeframe that mandates that you avoid the Godzilla sized soda .
The spark of special anime magic here is unmistakable and hard to resist .
Time Changer may not be the most memorable cinema session but its profound self-evaluation message about our fragile existence and the absence of spiritual guidance should at least invade an abundance of mindsets
Sensitive ensemble performances and good period reconstruction add up to a moving tragedy with some buoyant human moments .
Sensual
ca n't stop loving anime
Sensitive ensemble performances
Sensitive ensemble performances and
Sensitive ensemble performances and good period reconstruction
ca n't be dismissed as mindless
ca n't forget it
shine through the gloomy film noir veil
shimmering , beautifully costumed
like XXX
been a huge fan of Dickens ' 800-page novel
becomes increasingly mesmerizing .
becomes an obsession
becomes both gut-bustingly funny and crushingly depressing
becomes both gut-bustingly funny and crushingly depressing .
becomes increasingly mesmerizing
has been
has always held dear
'' por favor
glory days
Cherish '' certainly is n't dull .
Chelsea Walls deserves a medal .
, but it works under the direction of Kevin Reynolds .
A penetrating , potent exploration of sanctimony , self-awareness , self-hatred and self-determination .
an American actress who becomes fully English
Will give many ministers and Bible-study groups hours of material to discuss .
A penetrating , potent exploration
surehanded
surehanded direction
as his outstanding performance as Bond in Die
as if it belongs on the big screen
as if we 're seeing something purer than the real thing
the always hilarious Meara and Levy
Yakusho and Shimizu ... create engaging characterizations in Imamura 's lively and enjoyable cultural mix .
Writer\/director Joe Carnahan 's grimy crime drama is a manual of precinct cliches , but it moves fast enough to cover its clunky dialogue and lapses in logic .
a powerful sequel and one of the best films of the year
a powerful sequel and one
a powerful sequel and
ace
accurately reflects the rage and alienation that fuels the self-destructiveness of many young people
accomplishes so much that one viewing ca n't possibly be enough
a powerful political message
has filled out his cast with appealing fresh faces .
has fashioned a comedy with more laughs than many , no question .
has enough interesting characters to fill several movies
has drawn excellent performances from his cast
's been done before but never so vividly or with so much passion
has delivered an undoubted stylistic tour-de-force
has fun being grown up
The soul-searching deliberateness of the film
The sort of movie that gives
told with the intricate preciseness of the best short story writing
If you love Motown music
If you love Motown music , you 'll love this documentary .
If you 're not into the Pokemon franchise , this fourth animated movie in four years wo n't convert you -- or even keep your eyes open . But fans should have fun meeting
If you can stomach the rough content , it 's worth checking out for the performances alone .
a powerful sequel and one of the best films of the year .
works on so many different levels
manages to be tender and darkly comic
Nancy Drew
Nalin
Nair has constructed this motion picture in such a way that even the most cynical curmudgeon with find himself or herself smiling at one time or another .
` gentle '
An effective portrait of a life in stasis -- of the power of inertia to arrest development in a dead-end existence
An effective portrait of a life in stasis -- of the power of inertia to arrest development in a dead-end existence .
An edifying glimpse into the wit and revolutionary spirit of these performers and their era
An earnest , roughshod document
An earnest , roughshod document , it serves as a workable primer for the region 's recent history , and would make a terrific 10th-grade learning tool .
An effective portrait of a life in stasis
An effective portrait of a life in stasis --
An edifying glimpse into the wit and revolutionary spirit of these performers and their era .
An effective portrait
ferocity and
ferocity and thoughtfulness
around some intriguing questions about the difference between human and android life
feral intensity
summer blockbuster
summer fun to watch Arnold and his buddy Gerald bounce off a quirky cast of characters
summer season
sumptuous
sumptuous ocean visuals
sumptuous ocean visuals and
sumptuous ocean visuals and the cinematic stylings of director John Stockwell
the wisdom and humor
the work of an artist , one whose view of America , history and the awkwardness of human life is generous and deep
is saved from unbearable lightness by the simplicity of the storytelling and the authenticity of the performances .
is serviceable
is risky , intelligent , romantic and rapturous from start to finish .
is saved from unbearable lightness by the simplicity of the storytelling and the authenticity of the performances
is risky , intelligent , romantic and rapturous from start to finish
Happy !
Hard Copy
Happy Times maintains an appealing veneer without becoming too cute about it .
responsible
respectful of its past
respects
respects its audience and its source material
respects the Marvel version without becoming
restraint as well as warmth
a hint of joy ,
as fresh-faced as its young-guns cast
a feel-good movie
a feel movie
a feel-good movie about which you can actually feel good
a female friendship that is more complex and honest than anything represented in a Hollywood film
a female friendship set against a few dynamic decades
canny and
canny and spiced
canny crowd pleaser
May not be a breakthrough in filmmaking , but it is unwavering and arresting
May not be a breakthrough in filmmaking , but it is unwavering and arresting .
Mazel tov to a film about a family 's joyous life acting on the Yiddish stage .
A surprisingly ` solid ' achievement by director Malcolm D . Lee and writer John Ridley
, the movie has a cinematic fluidity and sense of intelligence that makes it work more than it probably should .
acceptable , occasionally very enjoyable
of a story that 's a lot richer than the ones Hollywood action screenwriters usually come up with on their own
of a slightly more literate filmgoing audience
of a sports extravaganza
to hit the entertainment bull 's - eye
salvation
in all , a great party
right approach
this conflict
not a classic , but a movie the kids will want to see over and over again .
with a creepy and dead-on performance
with a deft sense of humor about itself , a playful spirit and a game cast
with a curiously stylized , quasi-Shakespearean portrait of pure misogynist evil
with a clever pseudo-bio that manages to have a good time as it doles out pieces of the famous director 's life
with a company of strictly A-list players
with a few lingering animated thoughts
It 's a brilliant , honest performance by Nicholson
It 's a brilliant , honest performance by Nicholson ,
It 's a big idea
It 's a boring movie about a boring man , made watchable by a bravura performance from a consummate actor incapable of being boring .
is that it 's also one of the smartest
is that it 's funny
is that it 's actually watchable . Even more baffling is that it 's funny
is that it 's actually watchable . Even more baffling is that it 's funny .
is that it 's a rock-solid little genre picture . Whether you like it or not is basically a matter of taste .
is that it 's a rock-solid little genre picture .
the double-cross that made Mamet 's '' House of Games '' and last fall 's '' Heist '' so much fun
the documentary gives an especially poignant portrait of her friendship with the never flagging legal investigator David Presson .
things that elevate '' Glory '' above most of its ilk , most notably
plays like a reading from Bartlett 's Familiar Quotations
pointed , often tender ,
A work of intricate elegance
super - violent , super-serious
super -
suitable summer entertainment that offers escapism without requiring a great deal of thought
a pretty good job
Food
For anyone unfamiliar with pentacostal practices in general and theatrical phenomenon of Hell Houses in particular , it 's an eye-opener .
For devotees of French cinema , Safe Conduct is so rich with period minutiae it 's like dying and going to celluloid heaven .
For devotees of French cinema
For his first attempt at film noir , Spielberg presents a fascinating but flawed look at the near future .
gives it a sturdiness and solidity that we 've long associated with Washington
is the first computer-generated feature cartoon to feel like other movies
the twist endings were actually surprising
witty and inventive , too
witty follow-up .
witty follow-up
wo n't be to Clooney fans or adventure buffs , but to moviegoers who enjoy thinking about compelling questions with no easy answers .
wo n't be to Clooney fans or adventure buffs , but to moviegoers who enjoy thinking about compelling questions with no easy answers
McFarlane 's animation lifts the film firmly above the level of other coming-of-age films
Merely as a technical , logistical feat , Russian Ark marks a cinematic milestone .
Merely as a technical , logistical feat
where the bizarre is credible and the real turns magical
career
care
captures the chaotic insanity and personal tragedies that are all too abundant when human hatred spews forth unchecked
care about a film that proposes as epic tragedy the plight of a callow rich boy who is forced to choose between his beautiful , self-satisfied 22-year-old girlfriend and an equally beautiful , self-satisfied 18-year-old mistress
ingenious fun
ingeniously constructed than `` Memento ''
ingenue
insanely funny
camera-work , dancing and music
airs out a tight plot with an easy pace and a focus on character drama over crime-film complications
an extraordinary piece
an extraordinary piece of music
an eye-opener
a hilarious
an impressive and highly entertaining celebration
melodramatic movie
melodramatic mountain
saved from
all that and a whole lot
all pretty
all its technical virtuosity
Think of it as a sort of comfort food for the mind
There are a few stabs at absurdist comedy ... but mostly the humor is of the sweet , gentle and occasionally cloying kind that has become an Iranian specialty .
This bold and lyrical first feature from Raja Amari expands the pat notion that middle-aged women just wanna have fun into a rousing treatise of sensual empowerment .
This bold and lyrical first feature
Think of it as a sort of comfort food for the mind .
This clever caper movie has twists worthy of David Mamet and is enormous fun for thinking audiences .
Driven by a fantastic dual performance from Ian Holm ... the film is funny , insightfully human and a delightful lark for history buffs .
the down-to-earth Bullock and the nonchalant Grant
Dream
Driven by a fantastic dual performance from Ian Holm
Driven by a fantastic dual performance from Ian Holm ... the film is funny , insightfully human and a delightful lark for history buffs
Driven by a fantastic dual performance from Ian Holm ...
are sure to be entertained
the down-to-earth Bullock
has a compelling story to tell
has a compelling story to tell .
has a film used Manhattan 's architecture in such a gloriously goofy way .
has a fluid , no-nonsense authority
has a genuine dramatic impact
has a good bark
works on several levels
Horrid little propaganda film with fascinating connections not only to the Serbs themselves but also to a network of American right-wing extremists .
works on several levels , openly
works on several levels ,
the lovely
n't as much about gender , sexual preference or political agitprop as they were simply a triumph of the indomitable human will to rebel , connect and create
n't deserve to leave the building until everyone is aware of it
brilliant touches
brilliant motion picture
brimming with coltish , neurotic energy , holds the screen like a true star .
brimming with coltish , neurotic energy
beat . Ben Kingsley
, brimming with coltish , neurotic energy , holds the screen like a true star .
, bravery , political intrigue
, but director Carl Franklin adds enough flourishes and freak-outs to make it entertaining
, but director Carl Franklin adds enough flourishes and freak-outs to make it entertaining .
, but if you liked the previous movies in the series , you 'll have a good time with this one too .
smart , funny , subtle , and resonant
often food-spittingly
often food-spittingly funny
offers some flashy twists and turns that occasionally fortify this turgid fable
the distance
a worthy addition to the growing canon of post-Saving Private Ryan tributes to the greatest generation
a worthy companion
a worthwhile tutorial in quantum physics and slash-dash
a worthy addition
a worthwhile tutorial
a wonderful movie
a work of incendiary genius , steering clear of knee-jerk reactions and quick solutions
friends will be friends through thick and thin
frighteningly fascinating contradiction
frighteningly fascinating
improves on it ,
improves on it , with terrific computer graphics , inventive action sequences and a droll sense of humor
improves upon the original hit movie
enthusiast
entirely close its characters ' emotional wounds
entertain with their gross outs , bawdy comedy and head games
entertaining , a David and Goliath story that 's still very much playing itself out
enough grandeur and scale to satisfy as grown-up escapism
entertaining even if none of it makes a lick of sense
entertaining enough at ` face value ' to recommend to anyone looking for something different
entertaining enough at ` face value ' to recommend to anyone looking for something different .
Blisteringly rude , scarily funny , sorrowfully sympathetic to the damage it surveys , the film has in Kieran Culkin a pitch-perfect Holden .
' appeared in 1938
' and ` realistic '
a one-of-a-kind work
If you 're part of her targeted audience , you 'll cheer .
maturity
maturity displayed by this 33-year-old first-time feature director
matters less than the characters , although the filmmakers supply enough complications , close calls and double-crosses to satisfy us
a moving experience for people who have n't read the book
a moving experience
Occasionally funny ,
even with the two-wrongs-make-a-right chemistry between Jolie and Burns
Your children will be occupied for 72 minutes .
realistic characters
realistic characters showing honest emotions
You will likely prefer to keep on watching .
You never know where Changing Lanes is going to take you but it 's a heck of a ride . Samuel L . Jackson is one of the best actors there is
You never know where Changing Lanes is going to take you but it 's a heck of a ride . Samuel L . Jackson is one of the best actors there is .
conveying the way tiny acts of kindness make ordinary life survivable
convey a tiny sense of hope
convey a strong sense of the girls ' environment .
conveys the shadow side of the 30-year friendship between two English women .
I 'd take ( its ) earnest errors and hard-won rewards over the bombastic self-glorification of other feel-good fiascos like Antwone Fisher or The Emperor 's Club any time .
I 'd be lying if I said my ribcage did n't ache by the end of Kung Pow .
I 'll at least remember their characters
I 'd watch these two together again in a New York minute .
a testament to the divine calling of education and a demonstration of the painstaking
a testament to the divine calling of education and a demonstration of the painstaking process of imparting knowledge .
a thoughtful what-if for the heart as well as the mind
a thoughtful what-if
that come by once in a while with flawless amounts of acting , direction , story and pace
, proves simultaneously harrowing and uplifting
two best films
naturalistic performance
Wins my vote
Wins
narratively complex
natural sportsmen
work of extraordinary journalism
work in concert
work as well as a remarkably faithful one
work -- is charming ,
work -- is charming
, pretty and gifted , it really won my heart
figures prominently in this movie
figures prominently in this movie ,
figures prominently in this movie , and
Vincent 's odyssey resonates in a profound way , comparable to the classic films of Jean Renoir .
Viewed on its own terms , Treasure Planet is better-than-average family entertainment
the pleasures in Walter 's documentary
energy , intelligence and verve , enhanced by a surplus of vintage archive footage
you have to pay if you want to see it
fest that 'll put hairs on your chest
truly larger-than-life character
truly wonderful tale
truly larger-than-life
truly enjoyed most of Mostly Martha while I ne
what the election symbolizes
what that mind looks like , but how the creative process itself operates
what punk rock music
a subtle way of getting under your skin and sticking with you long after it 's over
what may be the performances of their careers
what might be going on inside each trailer park you drive past -- even if it chiefly inspires you to drive a little faster
what makes it worth a recommendation
what makes the movie fresh
you have Ellen Pompeo sitting next to you for the ride
a stunning lyrical work of considerable force and truth
about refracting all of World War II through the specific conditions of one man , and more about that man
about something , one that attempts and often achieves a level of connection and concern
about ten
a film that proposes as epic tragedy the plight of a callow rich boy who is forced to choose between his beautiful , self-satisfied 22-year-old girlfriend and an equally beautiful , self-satisfied 18-year-old mistress
a film to which the adjective ` gentle ' applies
a film that is an undeniably worthy and devastating experience
that should appeal to anyone willing to succumb to it
that segment of the populace that made A Walk to Remember a niche hit
bared his soul
sophisticated performance
sophisticated wit
sophisticated and
sophisticated for the cheese-laced spectacles that pack 'em in on the subcontinent
sophisticated and surprising
very special type
Tavernier 's film bounds along with the rat-a-tat energy of `` His Girl Friday , '' maintaining a light touch while tackling serious themes .
Tambor and Clayburgh make an appealing couple -- he 's understated and sardonic , she 's appealingly manic and energetic .
too many films that can be as simultaneously funny , offbeat and heartwarming ( without a thick shmear of the goo , at least )
ditched the saccharine sentimentality of Bicentennial Man in favour of an altogether darker side
divine monument
distinct flair
distinct parallels between this story and the 1971 musical `` Bedknobs and Broomsticks , '' which also dealt with British children rediscovering the power of fantasy during wartime
an interesting look at the life of the campaign-trail press , especially ones that do n't really care for the candidate
ditched the saccharine sentimentality of Bicentennial Man
, more to the point , the issues are subtly presented , managing to walk a fine line with regard to the question of Joan 's madness .
is one of the rare directors who feels acting is the heart and soul of cinema .
is one of those reputedly `` unfilmable '' novels that has bucked the odds to emerge as an exquisite motion picture in its own right .
open windows
open-ended questions
love , family and
love , family
love it ... hell , I dunno .
Punitively affirmational
throwaway references to faith and rainbows to plant smile-button faces on that segment of the populace that made A Walk to Remember a niche hit
talks about canning his stockbroker and repairing his pool
There 's really only one good idea in this movie , but the director runs with it and presents it with an unforgettable visual panache .
There are no special effects , and no Hollywood endings .
There are some wonderfully fresh moments that smooth the moral stiffness with human kindness and hopefulness .
have n't laughed that hard in years !
and good lines for everyone in this comedy
my preferred way of spending 100 minutes or $ 7.00
comic chiller
of becoming a better person through love
of being a good documentarian
of beauty , grace and a closet full of skeletons
of beautiful movement and inside information
H .
exquisitely polished and upholstered
exquisitely polished
exquisitely polished and upholstered .
expressive
exquisitely modulated psychological thriller .
exquisitely
a wonderful film with a bravura lead performance by Bruce Campbell that does n't deserve to leave the building until everyone is aware of it
a watchful affection for the monster
a watchful affection
a vivid , vibrant individual and the movie 's focus upon her makes it successful and accessible
a wonderful film
is wonderful . As Warren he stumbles in search of all the emotions and life experiences he 's neglected over the years
is without a doubt a memorable directorial debut from King Hunk .
is without a doubt a memorable directorial debut from King Hunk
is wise
is widely seen and debated with appropriate ferocity and thoughtfulness
is what matters .
visualized with such operatic grandeur
is working properly
is wonderful . As Warren he stumbles in search of all the emotions and life experiences he 's neglected over the years .
liberally seasoned with emotional outbursts
visually dazzling
Oscar Wilde 's masterpiece ,
Oscar Wilde 's masterpiece
vivid lead performances
great writer
greatest adventure
, but it is a refreshingly forthright one
, but it introduces viewers to a good charitable enterprise and some interesting real people .
great piece
great pleasure
great sympathy and intelligence
great trashy fun
inject far more good-natured spirit and talent into this project than it deserves
assured direction and complete lack of modern day irony
It 's a ripper of a yarn and
assured of the wrong things
assured in its execution
good for a laugh . The problem
good films
good at being the ultra-violent gangster wannabe
good cast
captures the moment when a woman 's life , out of a deep-seated , emotional need , is about to turn onto a different path .
good cinema
good clean fun
carefully structured plot points
a story worth caring about
what gives Human Nature its unique feel is Kaufman 's script
which they have been patiently waiting for
first real masterpiece
huge box-office
if signs is a good film , and it is ,
if nothing else , this movie introduces a promising , unusual kind of psychological horror .
if nothing else , this movie introduces a promising , unusual kind of psychological horror
to Haynes ' absolute control of the film 's mood
to Anspaugh 's three lead actresses
is duly impressive in IMAX dimensions , as are shots of the astronauts floating in their cabins
the chops of a smart-aleck film school brat and the imagination of a big kid
is ) one of the few reasons to watch the film , which director Gerardo Vera has drenched in swoony music and fever-pitched melodrama
is , arguably , the most accomplished work to date from Hong Kong 's versatile Stanley Kwan
is , arguably , the most accomplished work to date from Hong Kong 's versatile Stanley Kwan .
for a guy who has waited three years with breathless anticipation for a new hal hartley movie to pore over ,
to show acting range that may surprise some who thought light-hearted comedy was his forte
not without merit
to some clever writing and sprightly acting
not without cheesy fun factor
the cinematography to the outstanding soundtrack and unconventional narrative
are Oscar-size . Quaid is utterly fearless as the tortured husband living a painful lie
are able to accomplish
are ably intercut and involving
are all aliens , too . '' Congrats Disney on a job well done
to reach a level of high drama
There are enough throwaway references to faith and rainbows to plant smile-button faces on that segment of the populace that made A Walk to Remember a niche hit .
There 's undeniable enjoyment to be had from films crammed with movie references , but the fun wears thin -- then out -- when there 's nothing else happening .
There are problems with this film that even 3 Oscar winners ca n't overcome , but it 's a nice girl-buddy movie once it gets rock-n-rolling
dialogue that cuts to the chase of the modern girl 's dilemma
The terrific and bewilderingly underrated Campbell Scott gives a star performance that is nothing short of mesmerizing .
The touch
Glover , the irrepressible eccentric of River 's Edge , Dead Man and Back to the Future ,
for the most creative mayhem in a brief amount of time
for the most part he makes sure The Salton Sea works the way a good noir should , keeping it tight and nasty
for the perspective it offers
this timely sci-fi mystery works on so many different levels that it not only invites
The story and structure are well-honed .
psychological -- with a highly satisfying quotient of Friday-night excitement and Milla
pull us deep into the girls ' confusion and pain as they struggle tragically to comprehend the chasm of knowledge that 's opened between them
subtly kinky bedside vigils and sensational denouements
be a different kind of film
Electric
A subtle , humorous , illuminating study
A stylish but steady , and ultimately very satisfying , piece of character-driven storytelling .
is a movie that will stimulate hours of post viewing discussion , if only to be reminded of who did what to whom and why .
A strong script , powerful direction and splendid production design allows us to be transported into the life of Wladyslaw Szpilman , who is not only a pianist , but a good human being .
A strong script , powerful direction and splendid production design
A strong script , powerful direction and
A strong script , powerful direction
is a lot like a well-made PB & J sandwich : familiar , fairly uneventful and boasting no real surprises -- but still quite tasty and inviting all the same
is a lot like a well-made PB & J sandwich : familiar , fairly uneventful and boasting no real surprises -- but still quite tasty and inviting all the same .
is a light , fun cheese puff of a movie .
is a movie that will stimulate hours of post viewing discussion , if only to be reminded of who did what to whom and why
A subtle , humorous , illuminating study of politics , power and social mobility
magical quality
nobody treats him human enough
noblest
made richer by his own experiences , making his other movies somehow
made richer by his own experiences , making his other movies somehow richer in the bargain .
magical
nominal
by a strong and unforced supporting cast
by all means enjoy The New Guy
by an Angel simplicity
is a film far superior to its predecessor . A movie
for with its heart
shed an errant tear
from one visual marvel
shines
may also be the first narrative film to be truly informed by the wireless
exalted
: Stallion of the Cimarron is a winner .
95 often hilarious minutes
95 minutes
90-minute postmodern voyage
: The Widowmaker is a great yarn .
Some Like It
Some Like It Hot is like saying the sun rises in the east
several funny moments
A compelling , gut-clutching piece
When the first few villians are introduced as '' Spider '' and '' Snake '' you know you 're in for a real winner , creativity at its peak .
A comedy-drama of nearly epic proportions rooted in a sincere performance by the title character undergoing midlife crisis .
A comedy-drama of nearly epic proportions
to rank with its worthy predecessors
A compelling French psychological drama examining the encounter of an aloof father and his chilly son after 20 years apart
A compelling French psychological drama
A compelling , gut-clutching piece of advocacy cinema that carries you along in a torrent of emotion as it explores the awful complications of one terrifying day .
A compelling , gut-clutching piece of advocacy cinema that carries you along in a torrent of emotion as it explores the awful complications of one terrifying day
a quest story as grand as The Lord of the Rings
a provocative
a provocateur
a pulpy concept that , in many other hands would be completely forgettable
that a thriller can be sleekly shot , expertly cast , paced with crisp professionalism
effecting change and inspiring hope
effecting change
effecting
eerily suspenseful , deeply absorbing piece
eerily suspenseful
eerily
blockbusters
effective enough at achieving the modest , crowd-pleasing goals it sets for itself
effective enough
excels because , unlike so many other Hollywood movies of its ilk , it offers hope .
excels in the art of impossible disappearing\/reappearing acts
excels as the enigmatic Mika and Anna Mouglalis is a stunning new young talent in one of Chabrol 's most intense psychological mysteries .
excels because , unlike so many other Hollywood movies of its ilk , it offers hope
excels
excels as the enigmatic Mika and Anna Mouglalis is a stunning new young talent in one of Chabrol 's most intense psychological mysteries
a grinning
a groundbreaking endeavor
exceptional honesty
exceptional lead performances
It 's far from a frothy piece , and the characters are complex , laden with plenty of baggage and tinged with tragic undertones
, naturally dramatic
It 's funny .
It 's fun , but it 's a real howler
candidly detailing the politics involved in the creation of an extraordinary piece of music
I 'm not generally a fan of vegetables but this batch is pretty cute
I 'm likely to see all year
can relate to the search for inner peace by dramatically depicting the lives of others onstage
can usually be traced back to the little things
( Kline 's ) utterly convincing -- and deeply appealing -- as a noble teacher who embraces a strict moral code , and as a flawed human being who ca n't quite live up to it
( Kline 's ) utterly convincing -- and deeply appealing -- as a noble teacher who embraces a strict moral code , and as a flawed human being who ca n't quite live up to it .
( Kline 's ) utterly convincing -- and deeply appealing -- as a noble teacher who embraces a strict moral code ,
( Kline 's ) utterly convincing -- and deeply appealing -- as a noble teacher who embraces a strict moral code , and
( Kline 's ) utterly convincing -- and deeply appealing -- as a noble teacher who embraces a strict moral code
, my 6-year-old nephew said , '' I guess I come from a broken family , and my uncles are all aliens , too . '' Congrats Disney on a job well done , I enjoyed it just as much !
( Leigh ) has a true talent for drawing wrenching performances from his actors ( improvised over many months ) and for conveying the way tiny acts of kindness make ordinary life survivable .
add movies to the list of things he does well
adding true
adding
actually casting people who look working-class
addresses a hungry need for PG-rated , nonthreatening family movies
for a greater sense of urgency in the here and now of The Two
for a surprisingly cinematic experience
Read My Lips is a genre-curling crime story that revives the free-wheeling noir spirit of old French cinema .
make a clear point
its initial promise
will delight newcomers to the story and those who know it from bygone days
its intended audience -- children --
the one of the world 's best actors , Daniel Auteuil ,
the human spirit triumphs
the humanity of its people
the English call ` too clever by half
brisk ,
brisk
, young in spirit but accomplished in all aspects with the fullness
It is also , at times , curiously moving .
warmth and
visually polished , a little funnier , and
wacky and
a great humanitarian and
might go down as one of the all-time great apocalypse movies .
might go down as one of the all-time great apocalypse movies
might deliver again and again
vehicle that even he seems embarrassed to be part of .
brings documentary-like credibility
mind-bender .
digs deep emotionally , perhaps because he 's been stirred by the powerful work of his co-stars
will almost certainly be fascinated ,
the one thing most will take away is the sense that peace is possible
is more worshipful than your random E
is more than a movie
is more original .
is more appetizing than a side dish of asparagus
haunts us precisely
inquisitive enough
inoffensive and harmless
innovative ' and ` realistic '
inner-city streets
with complications
with chemistry galore
only the most practiced curmudgeon could fail to crack a smile at
only one of the best gay love stories ever made
only of one man 's quest to be president , but of how that man single-handedly turned a plane full of hard-bitten , cynical journalists into what was essentially , by campaign 's end , an extended publicity department
Raimi crafted a complicated hero who is a welcome relief from the usual two-dimensional offerings .
of good actors
of good acting
of good clean fun
deserves to be remembered at Oscar time for crafting this wonderful portrait of a conflicted soldier
deserves a wide audience .
deserves a wide audience
depth it makes up for with its heart
the director 's
deserves to be seen by anyone with even a passing interest in the events shaping the world beyond their own horizons
deserves to be remembered at Oscar time for crafting this wonderful portrait of a conflicted soldier .
familiar masterpiece
A masterful film
A masterful film from a master filmmaker , unique in its deceptive grimness ,
A mostly intelligent , engrossing and psychologically resonant suspenser .
A pleasant enough movie
A mostly intelligent , engrossing and psychologically resonant suspenser
A pleasant enough movie , held together by skilled ensemble actors .
The weight of the piece , the unerring professionalism of the chilly production , and the fascination embedded in the lurid topic prove recommendation enough .
The weight of the piece , the unerring professionalism of the chilly production , and the fascination embedded in the lurid topic
The whole is quite entertaining
The whole
The whole is quite entertaining , but
The whole is quite entertaining ,
with bloody beauty as vivid
with breathless anticipation for a new Hal Hartley movie
impress about E . T
impossibly long limbs and sweetly conspiratorial
impressed by how many tit-for-tat retaliatory responses the filmmakers allow before pulling the plug on the conspirators and averting an American-Russian Armageddon
impressive achievement
impressive for the sights and sounds of the wondrous beats
to recapturing the brilliance of his Hong Kong films
to recommend
to quench the thirst of an audience that misses the summer blockbusters
and Wollter 's sterling performances
the compelling historical tale
special qualities
good old-fashioned adventure
good news
good measure
good news to anyone who 's fallen under the sweet , melancholy spell of this unique director 's previous films
good news to anyone
good little movie
good in Pauline & Paulette
good match
good man
A modestly made but
A mix of gritty realism , crisp storytelling and radiant compassion that effortlessly draws you in .
A mix of gritty realism , crisp storytelling and radiant compassion that effortlessly draws you in
A miraculous movie , I 'm Going Home is so slight , yet overflows with wisdom and emotion .
A miraculous movie , I 'm Going Home is so slight ,
A miraculous movie
fondness and respect
speaks volumes , offering up a hallucinatory dreamscape that frustrates and captivates .
the creation of an extraordinary piece of music
special effect
art and commerce
the cuddly Shower
experiences you bring to it
speaks volumes ,
evolved from star to superstar some time
a strong thumbs up
a student film
a stunning , Taxi Driver-esque portrayal
a stunning , Taxi Driver-esque portrayal of a man teetering on the edge of sanity
as much a snapshot of modern China in microcosm as it is a crash course in movie mythology
as lively and as fun as it is unapologetically dumb
as lively and as fun
as lively
holiday box office pie
holds you in rapt attention from
holds you in rapt attention
holds the screen like a true star .
holds the screen like a true star
holds interest in the midst of a mushy , existential exploration of why men leave their families
holds interest
holds as many good ideas as bad is the cold comfort that Chin 's film serves up with style and empathy .
The best film of the year 2002 .
what a film can be
of fighting hard for something that really matters
The best part about '' Gangs ''
serve the work especially well
The best thing I can say about this film is that I ca n't wait to see what the director does next .
what I liked about it
Alan Arkin being better than he is in this performance
to happiness
an engrossing entertainment
works , it 's thanks to Huston 's revelatory performance .
the unusual power
lift
life type of flick
life on the rez is no picnic : this picture shows you why .
light romantic comedy
an engaging and intimate first feature
enjoy the perfectly pitched web of tension that Chabrol spins
enjoy the ride
enjoy this movie
enjoy its slightly humorous and tender story
enjoy more because you 're one of the lucky few who sought it out
enjoy the big screen
enjoyable above average summer diversion
creatively constructed from figure to backstory
creativity , and fearlessness
pro-serb
outdoes its spectacle
outdoes its spectacle .
outing with one of France 's most inventive directors
It 's a beautiful film , full of elaborate and twisted characters - and
It 's a beautiful film , full of elaborate and twisted characters -
It 's a beautiful film , full of elaborate and twisted characters
It 's a Wonderful Life marathons and bored with A Christmas Carol , it might just be the movie you 're looking for .
It 's Quaid who anchors the film with his effortless performance and that trademark grin of his -- so perfect for a ballplayer .
's made at least one damn fine horror movie
of naiveté , passion and talent
of observation in the work of the director , Frank Novak , that keeps the film grounded in an undeniable social realism
more than a few moments that are insightful enough to be fondly remembered in the endlessly challenging maze of moviegoing
prevail
pretty valuable
to the gorgeous locales and exceptional lead performances
to the genre and another first-rate performance
to the gifted Korean American stand-up
The package in which this fascinating -- and timely -- content comes wrapped
downplays the raunch in favor of gags that rely on the strength of their own cleverness as opposed to the extent of their outrageousness
downright intoxicating
downright Hitchcockian
engagingly
engaging and intimate first feature
amusing , breezily apolitical documentary
engages one
engage anyone with a passing interest in the skate\/surf culture , the L . A . beach scene and the imaginative ( and sometimes illegal ) ways kids can make a playground out of the refuse of adults
engaging and intimate
engaging and
energetic and satisfying if not deep and psychological
energetic and satisfying if
energetic surprises
Argentinian thriller
amaze them
works on some levels
Especially give credit to Affleck
Escapes the precious trappings of most romantic comedies , infusing into the story very real , complicated emotions .
Escapes the precious trappings of most romantic comedies , infusing into the story very real , complicated emotions
Bound to appeal to women looking for a howlingly trashy time
Both a grand tour through 300 hundred years of Russian cultural identity and a stunning technical achievement
Both a grand tour through 300 hundred years of Russian cultural identity and a stunning technical achievement .
Both Grant and Hoult carry the movie because they are believable as people -- flawed , assured of the wrong things , and scared to admit how much they may really need the company of others .
the best ` old neighborhood ' project
the best Star Trek movie in a long time
the best little '' horror '' movie
the best kind of documentary , one that makes a depleted yesterday feel very much like a brand-new tomorrow
Bound to appeal to women looking for a howlingly trashy time .
There 's some outrageously creative action in The Transporter ... ( b ) ut by the time Frank parachutes down onto a moving truck
digital photography
manage to keep things interesting .
insightful discourse
respectable new one
manage to be spectacularly outrageous .
resoundingly
Will undoubtedly play well in European markets , where Mr. Besson is a brand name , and in Asia , where Ms. Shu is an institution ,
Will undoubtedly play well in European markets , where Mr. Besson is a brand name , and in Asia , where Ms. Shu is an institution , but
manage to be spectacularly outrageous
Wilco is a phenomenal band with such an engrossing story that will capture the minds and hearts of many .
Wilde 's droll whimsy helps `` Being Earnest '' overcome its weaknesses
Wilde 's play is a masterpiece of elegant wit and artifice .
Will undoubtedly play well in European markets , where Mr. Besson is a brand name , and in Asia , where Ms. Shu is an institution
inside an enigma
has made a decent ` intro ' documentary
The photographer 's show-don ` t-tell stance is admirable ,
The photographer 's show-don ` t-tell stance is admirable
The performances are all solid ;
The performances of the four main actresses bring their characters to life .
you 'll be wondering what will happen to her and wishing her the best -- whatever that might mean .
you 'll definitely want the T-shirt
wry humor and genuine pathos , especially
wry humor
you 'll appreciate much of Vardalos ' humor , which transcends ethnic boundaries .
yet poignant
works as well as it does because of the performances
Playfully profound ... and crazier than Michael Jackson on the top floor of a skyscraper nursery surrounded by open windows .
Playfully profound ... and crazier than Michael Jackson on the top floor of a skyscraper nursery
Playfully profound ... and crazier than Michael Jackson on the top floor of a skyscraper
Playfully profound ... and
Playfully profound ...
Playfully profound
Playfully
Playing a role of almost Bergmanesque intensity ...
Playing a role of almost Bergmanesque intensity
every once in a while a film
a well-made thriller with a certain level
a well-made thriller
a well-made evocation of a subculture
a well-made evocation
a well-made thriller with a certain level of intelligence and non-reactionary morality .
resemblance to ,
has a great hook , some clever bits and well-drawn , if standard issue , characters , but
No , I love it ... hell , I dunno .
very , very good reasons
A look at the ''
A look
works its magic with such exuberance and passion
Steadfastly uncinematic but powerfully dramatic .
conjured up more coming-of-age stories
are some movies that hit you from the first scene
are sometimes bracing
are such a companionable couple
are such that we 'll keep watching the skies for his next project
are telegraphed in the most blithe exchanges gives the film its lingering tug
are the hallmark of this bittersweet , uncommonly sincere movie that portrays the frank humanity of ... emotional recovery
the endless action
to inspire the young people
as a promising meditation on one of America 's most durable obsessions
, E.T. is still a cinematic touchstone .
, E.T. remains the most wondrous of all Hollywood fantasies -- and the apex of Steven Spielberg 's misunderstood career .
, Grant and Bullock 's characters are made for each other .
good-time
good-naturedly
2 million
2002 's first great film
watch Huppert scheming , with her small , intelligent eyes as steady as any noir villain
boarders from Venice Beach that was a deserved co-winner of the Audience Award for documentaries at the Sundance Film Festival .
in an easily accessible way
follows a resolutely realistic path in this uncompromising insight
timeless quality
the edge-of-your-seat , educational antics of Steve Irwin
the edge-of-your-seat , educational antics
is beautifully mounted
the edge of their seats
is at the heart of Italian for Beginners .
is backed by a likable cast
is at times imaginatively overwhelming
is beautiful to behold
is beautiful to behold and engages one in a sense of epic struggle -- inner and outer -- that 's all too rare in Hollywood 's hastier productions .
is beautiful to behold and engages one in a sense of epic struggle -- inner and outer -- that 's all too rare in Hollywood 's hastier productions
went back to Newcastle , the first half of Gangster No. 1 drips with style and , at times , blood
say about what is important in life and why
savvier spoofs to come along in some time
savored
savor every minute of Cox 's work
saves
saved from unbearable lightness by the simplicity of the storytelling and the authenticity of the performances
lasting images
lasting images all its own
lasting traces
lasting traces of Charlotte 's web
is n't afraid to try any genre and to do it his own way
is n't a retooled genre piece , the tale of a guy and his gun , but an amiably idiosyncratic work .
is n't afraid to try any genre and to do it his own way .
Yiddish theater , whose jolly , fun-for-fun 's - sake communal spirit goes to the essence of Broadway .
Yong Kang
caring , warm .
caring , warm
caring ,
in the world devastated by war , famine and poverty and documented the cruelty and suffering he has found with an devastating , eloquent clarity
in the way that makes you ache with sadness ( the way Chekhov is funny ) , profound without ever being self-important , warm without ever succumbing to sentimentality
made the original Men in Black such a pleasure
magic and is enjoyable family fare
magic and whimsy
magic and is enjoyable family fare .
sociologically pointed
social mores while ensnaring the audience with its emotional pull
soccer action
rises above easy , cynical potshots at morally bankrupt characters
positive change
portrays young Brendan with his usual intelligence and subtlety , not to mention a convincing brogue .
portrays young Brendan with his usual intelligence and subtlety , not to mention a convincing brogue
portrays young Brendan with his usual intelligence and subtlety ,
portrays young Brendan with his usual intelligence and subtlety
the fantastic kathy
the fantastic kathy bates
wearing a cloak of unsentimental , straightforward text
scary , action-packed chiller
scarily funny ,
scarily funny , sorrowfully sympathetic to the damage it surveys
scarily funny , sorrowfully sympathetic to the damage it
of intergalactic friendship
of its Oscar nomination
The re-release of Ron Howard 's Apollo 13 in the IMAX format proves absolutely that really , really , really good things can come in enormous packages .
The result is somewhat satisfying -- it still comes from Spielberg , who has never made anything that was n't at least watchable .
The result is somewhat satisfying -- it still comes from Spielberg , who has never made anything that was n't at least watchable . But it 's also disappointing to a certain degree .
The result puts a human face on Derrida , and makes one of the great minds of our times interesting and accessible to people who normally could n't care less .
The result is somewhat satisfying -- it still comes from Spielberg , who has never made anything that was n't at least watchable . But
unique
unique in its deceptive grimness ,
unpretentious way to spend ninety minutes
affection for its characters
unpretentious way to spend ninety minutes .
the filmmaker 's characteristic style
most important and exhilarating
how love is the great equalizer that can calm us of our daily ills and bring out joys in our lives that we never knew were possible
how love is the great equalizer that can calm us of our daily ills and bring out joys in our lives that we never knew
A cutesy romantic tale with a twist
A cutesy romantic tale
most important and exhilarating forms
tackles its relatively serious subject with an open mind and considerable good cheer , and
tackles its relatively serious subject with an open mind and considerable good cheer , and is never less than engaging
tackles its relatively serious subject with an open mind and considerable good cheer , and is never less than engaging .
the most fragmented charms
the most entertaining moments here are unintentional .
My Wife Is an Actress is an utterly charming French comedy that feels so American in sensibility and style
My Wife Is an Actress is an utterly charming French comedy that feels so American in sensibility and style it 's virtually its own Hollywood remake .
has several strong performances .
has stepped into the mainstream of filmmaking with an assurance worthy of international acclaim
has stepped into the mainstream of filmmaking with an assurance worthy of international acclaim and
has secrets buried at the heart of his story and knows how to take time revealing them
has several strong performances
has stepped into the mainstream of filmmaking with an assurance worthy of international acclaim and with every cinematic tool well under his control
has stepped into the mainstream of filmmaking with an assurance worthy of international acclaim and with every cinematic tool well under his control --
Zhuangzhuang creates delicate balance of style , text , and subtext that 's so simple and precise that anything discordant would topple the balance , but
the Beast should definitely get top billing
It 's an offbeat treat that pokes fun at the democratic exercise while also examining its significance for those who take part .
It 's endlessly inventive , consistently intelligent and sickeningly savage .
It 's fun lite .
It 's good , hard-edged stuff , violent and a bit exploitative but also nicely done , morally alert and street-smart .
It 's great escapist fun that recreates a place and time that will never happen again .
It 's hard to imagine Alan Arkin being better than he is in this performance .
An artful , intelligent film that stays within the confines of a well-established genre .
An artful , intelligent film that
An effectively creepy ,
An edgy thriller that delivers a surprising punch .
An edgy thriller that delivers a surprising
An edgy thriller
An enjoyable , if occasionally flawed , experiment
little amuse-bouche to keep your appetite
laughter and self-exploitation merge into jolly soft-porn 'em powerment
laughs at how clever it 's being .
laughter and self-exploitation
this one makes up for in heart what it lacks in outright newness .
so many talented people could participate in such an
to be daring and original
rock-solid gangster movie
rock-solid
robustness
Mr . Deeds is , as comedy goes , very silly -- and in the best way .
Mr . Kilmer 's movie
Mr . Fraser
Mr . Polanski is in his element here
Mr . Polanski is in his element here : alone , abandoned , but still consoled by his art , which is more than he has ever revealed before about the source of his spiritual survival
Mr . Polanski is in his element here :
Mr . Polanski is in his element here : alone , abandoned , but still consoled by his art , which is more than he has ever revealed before about the source of his spiritual survival .
offers a fair amount of trashy , kinky fun
offers a desperately ingratiating performance .
offer some modest amusements when one has nothing else to watch
offer some modest amusements
to express warmth
his generation 's
some very funny sequences
seldom hammy
seldom hammy ,
enough to the story to fill two hours
enough to sustain laughs
enough vices to merit its 103-minute length
ensure that the film is never dull
's incredible
Especially give credit to Affleck .
's informative and breathtakingly spectacular
's incredible the number of stories the Holocaust has generated . Just when you think that every possible angle has been exhausted by documentarians
Eric Schaeffer has accomplished with Never Again
Entirely appropriately , the tale unfolds like a lazy summer afternoon and concludes with the crisp clarity of a fall dawn .
back-stabbing babes
'll feel as the credits roll
greatly from a less manic tone than its predecessor , as Cho appears to have settled comfortably into her skin
greatness
great performance
greatest generation
a torrent of emotion
Having never been a huge fan of Dickens ' 800-page novel , it surprised me how much pleasure I had watching McGrath 's version .
Having had the good sense to cast actors who are , generally speaking , adored by the movie-going public , Khouri then gets terrific performances from them all .
Having had the good sense to cast actors who are , generally speaking , adored by the movie-going public
a torrent
to be america 's sweetheart
Berry 's saucy , full-bodied performance gives this aging series a much needed kick , making `` Die Another Day '' one of the most entertaining Bonds in years
Bertrand Tavernier 's oft-brilliant Safe Conduct ( `` Laissez-passer '' )
Berry 's saucy ,
Berry 's saucy , full-bodied performance
Berry 's saucy
on straight versus gay personal ads , on how men would act if they had periods , and on the perils of a certain outré sexual practice
moving
Involves two mysteries --
, the seesawing of the general 's fate in the arguments of competing lawyers has the stomach-knotting suspense of a legal thriller , while the testimony of witnesses lends the film a resonant undertone of tragedy .
, the picture realizes a fullness that does not negate the subject .
, the movie stirs us as well .
capitalize on its lead 's specific gifts
treacly films about inspirational prep-school professors and the children they so heartwarmingly motivate
gorgeously
a courageous Scottish lady
it does possess a loose , lackadaisical charm .
it does possess a loose , lackadaisical charm
it far more satisfying than almost any horror film in recent memory
it enough to recommend
it for what it is
a couple of great actors hamming it up
a couple of things that elevate '' Glory '' above most of its ilk , most notably the mere presence of Duvall
walked away from this new version of E . T . just as I hoped I would --
by a British cast
waiting my whole life
waiting my whole life for this movie
by Volletta Wallace 's maternal fury , her fearlessness
a torn book jacket
, it is kind of enjoyable thanks mainly to Belushi 's easy-going likableness .
a spirited film
a splendid job of racial profiling Hollywood style -- casting excellent Latin actors of all ages -- a trend long overdue
a splendid job
living in U . S
lives worth watching , paths worth following
attempt to do something different over actually pulling it off
live-action swashbuckling classic
lively , funny and ultimately sobering film
lively and enjoyable cultural mix
lively , funny and ultimately sobering film .
lively mix
One funny popcorn
One funny popcorn flick .
romantic and full
need another film that praises female self-sacrifice
neat twist
of a self-reflexive , philosophical nature
love , betrayal ,
a sense of dramatic urgency
a sense of light-heartedness , that makes it attractive throughout
a sense of mystery
a sense of wonder
yet engrossing piece
yet it proves surprisingly serviceable
truly edgy --
sharp
probably one of the best since The Last Waltz
probing or penetrating
she seemed to have no problem flaunting her natural gifts .
of musical passion
visible enthusiasm
means to face your fears
means check it out .
the Audience Award for documentaries at the Sundance Film Festival
reflect
ha ha '' funny ,
ha ha '' funny
ha '' funny
ha
gut-clutching piece
gut-wrenching examination
that 's so bad it starts to become good
that 's exactly what these two people need to find each other
that 's good enough .
that 's been given the drive of a narrative and
is sadly heightened by current world events
keeps Dickens evergreen : the exuberant openness with which he expresses our most basic emotions
keeping the picture compelling
keep you wide awake and ... very tense
true intent
her life bare in front of an audience
keep the story compelling
keep the audience guessing and guessing
the larger socio-political picture of the situation in Northern Ireland in favour of an approach that throws one in the pulsating thick of a truly frightening situation
raunchy sex gags
the riveting performances by the incredibly flexible cast
strongest performance
the best movies
the riveting performances by the incredibly flexible cast make love a joy to behold
through memory , a celebration of living , and a sobering rumination on fatality , classism , and ignorance .
Jackie Chan movies are a guilty pleasure
make it well worth watching
make it unexpectedly rewarding
the riveting performances
The sight of the spaceship on the launching pad is duly impressive in IMAX dimensions , as are shots of the astronauts floating in their cabins .
tries to shift the tone to a thriller 's rush
tries to touch on spousal abuse
are ultimately winning
do cinema , eu estava feliz
honestly
hogs the scenes from his fellow cast , as there are plenty of laughs and good lines for everyone in this comedy
homespun
About nowhere kids who appropriated turfs as they found them and become self-made celebrity athletes -- a low-down version of the American dream .
of moral compromise
's no denying the fun of watching De Niro and Crystal having fun
's no denying the potency of Miller 's strange , fleeting brew of hopeful perseverance and hopeless closure .
's no reason to miss Interview with the Assassin
's no denying the fun of watching De Niro and Crystal having fun .
's no denying the potency of Miller 's strange , fleeting brew of hopeful perseverance and hopeless closure
the adjective ` gentle ' applies
a polished , sophisticated entertainment
a new year of magic and mischief
a poignant and powerful narrative that reveals that reading writing and arithmetic
a poignant and powerful narrative that reveals that reading writing and arithmetic are not the only subjects to learn in life .
a pleasure in its own right
a poignant and powerful narrative
the central story
brings a tragic dimension and savage full-bodied wit and cunning to the aging Sandeman
the comedy was funny
the eye , challenges the brain
Niro ... is a veritable source of sincere passion that this Hollywood contrivance orbits around . '
has been made with an enormous amount of affection
has become the master of innuendo . It is not what you see
terrific as Rachel
has an infectious exuberance that will engage anyone with a passing interest in the skate\/surf culture , the L . A . beach scene and the imaginative ( and sometimes illegal ) ways kids can make a playground out of the refuse of adults
has an actor made such a strong impression in his underwear .
has an infectious exuberance that will engage anyone with a passing interest in the skate\/surf culture , the L . A . beach scene and the imaginative ( and sometimes illegal ) ways kids can make a playground out of the refuse of adults .
, neatly ,
, occasionally very enjoyable children 's entertainment .
wisdom and humor
wise , wizened
wit and dignity
wiser
this is even better than The Fellowship . There are scenes of cinematic perfection that steal your heart away .
this is grand-scale moviemaking for a larger-than-life figure , an artist who has been awarded mythic status in contemporary culture .
this is a remarkably accessible and haunting film .
this is beautiful filmmaking from one of French cinema 's master craftsmen .
this is compensated in large part by the off-the-wall dialogue , visual playfulness and the outlandishness of the idea itself
this is a beautiful film for people who like their romances to have that French realism
this is a movie that tells stories that work -- is charming , is moving
Argento , at only 26 , brings a youthful , out-to-change-the-world aggressiveness to the project , as if she 's cut open a vein and bled the raw film stock .
Arguably the best script that Besson has written in years .
puts a human face
Armed with a game supporting cast ,
Armed with a game supporting cast
utterly charming and hilarious film that reminded me of the best of the Disney comedies from the 60s
above the ordinary
above your generic sand 'n' sandal adventure
Inside the film 's conflict-powered plot there is a decent moral trying to get out ,
Informative , intriguing , observant , often touching ... gives a human face to what 's often discussed in purely abstract terms .
Informative , intriguing , observant ,
Informative , intriguing , observant
Informative , intriguing , observant , often touching ...
Informative , intriguing , observant , often touching
usual Spielberg flair
the dry humor that first made audiences on both sides of the Atlantic love him
the drama that gives added clout to this doc
inventive and
intriguing and
for that sense of openness , the little surprises
interesting enough
inventively detailed and
for taking the sometimes improbable story and making it
for that reason it may be the most oddly honest Hollywood document of all
gives us a hero whose suffering and triumphs we can share , surrounds him with interesting characters and sends us out of the theater feeling
children should enjoy
chipper
model
're definitely convinced that these women are spectacular .
Criminal conspiracies and true romances move so easily across racial and cultural lines in the film that it makes My Big Fat Greek Wedding look like an apartheid drama .
very thrilling
yet just as determined
ripe , enrapturing beauty
A standard haunted house tale
right place
a fine job of capturing the climate of the times and , perhaps unwittingly , relating it to what is happening in America in 2002
long on glamour
reminiscent of Gong Li and a vivid personality
creates an impeccable sense of place ,
creates an impeccable sense of place , while Thurman and Lewis give what can easily be considered career-best performances
creates a portrait of two strong men in conflict , inextricably entwined through family history , each seeing himself in the other , neither liking what he sees .
creates an impeccable sense of place
creates in Maelstrom a world where the bizarre is credible and the real turns magical
creates in Maelstrom a world where the bizarre is credible and the real turns magical .
creates an impeccable sense of place , while Thurman and Lewis give what can easily be considered career-best performances .
creates sheerly cinematic appeal
creates sheerly cinematic appeal .
that jumps off the page , and for the memorable character creations
riveting film performances
with this moving , effective little film
with us
of young people in modern Japan
But the performances of Pacino , Williams , and Swank keep the viewer wide-awake all the way through .
But the nerve-raked acting , the crackle of lines , the impressive stagings of hardware , make for some robust and scary entertainment .
But the talented cast alone will keep you watching , as will the fight scenes .
The socio-histo-political treatise is told in earnest strides ... ( and ) personal illusion is deconstructed with poignancy .
maintains a brisk pace as it races through the familiar story .
all entertaining enough
, than Leigh has created a masterful piece of artistry right here .
all give life to these broken characters who are trying to make their way through this tragedy
an in-your-face family drama and black comedy that is filled with raw emotions conveying despair and love
an important movie , or even
an impressive roster of stars and direction
an impressive roster
an impressive style
an impressive roster of stars and direction from Kathryn Bigelow
of an intensely lived time , filled with nervous energy , moral ambiguity and great uncertainties
of an extraordinary piece of music
of artists and the love of cinema-and-self
of astonishing grandeur
A fine effort ,
What might have emerged as hilarious lunacy in the hands of Woody Allen or
make J.K. Rowling 's marvelous series
some intriguing
really is a shame that more wo n't get an opportunity to embrace small , sweet ` Evelyn . '
and church meetings
The solid filmmaking
make Gangster No. 1 a worthwhile moviegoing experience .
and artistic transcendence
a best selling novel into a timeframe that mandates that you avoid the Godzilla sized soda
a big , gorgeous , mind-blowing , breath-taking mess
a big middle-fingered '' shut up '' to those who talk up what is nothing more than two guys beating the hell outta
a big part
a big part of why we go to the movies
finest non-Bondish performance
fine work
finery
The solid filmmaking and convincing characters makes this a high water mark for this genre .
's no surprise that as a director Washington demands and receives excellent performances , from himself and from newcomer Derek Luke
mechanism
very human and
gentle blend
gentle )
genre storytelling , which gets under our skin simply by crossing the nuclear line .
genuine feeling
genuine characters
genuinely
that grips and holds you in rapt attention from
wrought suspense yarn
's telling that his funniest moment comes when he falls about ten feet onto his head
's sweet and fluffy at the time
's sweet . It 's funny . It wears its heart on the sleeve of its gaudy Hawaiian shirt .
such a clever adaptation
such a clever adaptation of the bard 's tragic play
's the inimitable Diaz
such a buoyant , expressive flow of images
Branagh , in his most forceful non-Shakespeare screen performance , grounds even the softest moments in the angry revolt of his wit .
Branagh , in his most forceful non-Shakespeare screen performance , grounds even the softest moments in the angry revolt of his wit
Bright
Brilliant
A fine documentary can be distinguished from a mediocre one by the better film 's ability to make its subject interesting to those who are n't part of its supposed target audience . Judging by those standards , ` Scratch ' is a pretty decent little documentary .
Maggie Gyllenhaal is a delight
Maggie Gyllenhaal
Maguire is a surprisingly effective Peter\/Spider-Man .
Maggie Gyllenhaal is a delight .
Majidi 's poetic love story
A fine documentary
acted and directed , it 's clear that Washington most certainly has a new career ahead of him if he so chooses .
acted and directed , it 's clear that Washington most certainly has a new career ahead of him if he so chooses
acted by Diane Lane and Richard Gere .
himself a deft pace master and stylist
Walk to Remember
Wallace is smart to vary the pitch of his movie , balancing deafening battle scenes with quieter domestic scenes of women back home receiving War Department telegrams .
Walk to Remember ''
a delightful romantic comedy
a delightful lark for history buffs
a delicious crime drama on par with the slickest of Mamet
a delicious crime drama on par
a delightful lark
a delicious crime drama on par with the slickest of Mamet .
a delicate ambiguity
a deliberately unsteady mixture of stylistic elements
a delicious crime drama
a delicately crafted film
hilariously
hilarious place to visit
hilariously wicked black comedy ...
is more in love with strangeness than excellence .
hilariously wicked black comedy
If you 've the patience , there are great rewards here .
If you 've grown tired of going where no man has gone before , but several movies have - take heart . This is the best Star Trek movie in a long time .
If you 've grown tired of going where no man has gone before , but several movies have - take heart .
If you 're looking for an intelligent movie in which you can release your pent up anger , ENOUGH is just the ticket you need .
is more fully an example of the kind of lush , all-enveloping movie experience it rhapsodizes
a gorgeous color palette
a good way
a good time for both children and parents
a good time with this one too
a good noir
a gorgeous film
be as simultaneously funny , offbeat and heartwarming ( without a thick shmear of the goo , at least )
be as simultaneously funny , offbeat and heartwarming
wince in embarrassment and others , thanks to the actors , that are quite touching .
serial murders
serenity and poise
serenity and discipline
but oddly compelling
is more fully
but no-nonsense human beings they are and
but film buffs should get to know
the characters , who are so believable that you feel what they feel
a remarkable ability to document both sides of this emotional car-wreck
a relaxed Firth displays impeccable comic skill
a remarkable amount of material in the film 's short 90 minutes
a remarkable amount
creepy stories
bouncy animation and catchy songs escort you through the entire 85 minutes
bouncy animation and catchy songs
a sweet , honest , and enjoyable comedy-drama
a sweet , honest , and enjoyable comedy-drama about a young woman who wants many things in life , but fears she 'll become her mother before she gets to fulfill her dreams
a sweet little girl
a talent as outstanding as director Bruce McCulloch
nearly epic
nearly as fresh or enjoyable
nearly flickering out by its perfunctory conclusion
rethink their attitudes when they see the joy the characters take in this creed
little grace ( Rifkin 's ) tale of precarious skid-row dignity
J.K. Rowling 's marvelous series
The case is a convincing one , and should give anyone with a conscience reason to pause .
The camera soars above the globe in dazzling panoramic shots that make the most of the large-screen format , before swooping down on a string of exotic locales , scooping the whole world up in a joyous communal festival of rhythm .
The bottom line is the piece works brilliantly .
given its Labor Day weekend upload
cunning that even the most jaded cinema audiences will leave the auditorium feeling dizzy , confused , and totally disorientated . Not to mention absolutely refreshed
visceral sense
virtue
violent and a bit exploitative but also nicely done , morally alert and street-smart
the reasons we need stories so much
the regular minefield of coming-of-age cliches with potent doses of honesty and sensitivity
visual delights
to some talented performers
visual clarity and deeply
Leather
signs is a good film , and it is
title performance
signs is a good film ,
signs is a good film , and
is too cute by half .
squareness that would make it the darling of many a kids-and-family-oriented cable channel
Roman Polanski may have been born to make
Rock solid family fun out of the gates , extremely imaginative through out , but wanes in the middle
Ryan Gosling ... is at 22 a powerful young actor .
A little uneven to be the cat 's meow , but it 's good enough to be the purr .
A little uneven to be the cat 's meow , but it 's good enough to be the purr
French director Anne Fontaine delivers an inspired portrait of male-ridden angst and the emotional blockage that accompanies this human condition
several survivors ,
A lively and engaging examination
A live-wire film that never loses its ability to shock and amaze .
veterans
viewed and treasured
elegance and
Roman Coppola may never become the filmmaker his Dad was , but heck -- few filmmakers will . But based on CQ , I 'll certainly be keeping an eye out for his next project
Rowling 's phenomenal fantasy best sellers ,
Resourceful and
Reinforces the talents of screenwriter Charlie Kaufman , creator of Adaptation and Being John Malkovich
elegant , witty and beneath a prim exterior
is great in his role but never hogs the scenes from his fellow cast , as there are plenty of laughs and good lines for everyone in this comedy .
elegant , witty and beneath a prim exterior unabashedly romantic
is great in his role but never hogs the scenes from his fellow cast , as there are plenty of laughs and good lines for everyone in this comedy
help but warmly extend your arms and yell ` Safe
help clear up the case
a rollicking adventure for you and all your mateys , regardless of their ages
a rollicking adventure for you and
a rush
move away from his usual bumbling , tongue-tied screen persona
is perfectly inoffensive and harmless
, along the way ,
most wondrously gifted artists
like snapshots of memory
with its characters ' choices , good and ill , that its shortcomings are remembered only as an afterthought
with its emotional pull
with interesting characters
to great performances
with its blend of frankness , civility and compassion
with intrigue
with its fully-written characters , its determined stylishness ( which always relates to characters and story ) and Johnny Dankworth 's best soundtrack in years
's some outrageously creative action in The Transporter ... ( b ) ut by the time Frank parachutes down onto a moving truck
's some good material in their story about a retail clerk wanting more out of life
discovering your destination in life
dished out humor
K-19 will not go down in the annals of cinema as one of the great submarine stories , but it is an engaging and exciting narrative of Man confronting the Demons of his own fear and paranoia
K-19 will not go down in the annals of cinema as one of the great submarine stories , but
K-19 : The Widowmaker is a great yarn .
K 19 stays afloat as decent drama\/action flick
Just offbeat enough to keep you interested without coming close to bowling you over .
of ` eh
settles in and becomes compulsively watchable in a guilty-pleasure , daytime-drama sort of fashion
as intelligent
covers the same period as Kaufmann 's '' Quills '' with more unsettlingly realistic results .
covers the same period as Kaufmann 's '' Quills '' with more unsettlingly realistic results
Culkin , who 's in virtually every scene , shines as a young man who uses sarcastic lies like a shield .
Cute
A compelling film .
all aliens , too . '' Congrats Disney on a job well done
covers a lot of ground , perhaps too much , but ties things together , neatly , by the end .
covers a lot of ground , perhaps too much , but ties things together , neatly , by the end
must be a serious contender for the title
murderous ambition
the same way Goodall did , with a serious minded patience , respect and affection
the same from Taiwanese auteur Tsai Ming-liang , which is good news to anyone who 's fallen under the sweet , melancholy spell of this unique director 's previous films
mixed-up
the scariest movie
Fudges fact and fancy with such confidence that we feel as if we 're seeing something purer than the real thing .
Chamber of Secrets will find millions of eager fans .
Chamber of Secrets
Cedar somewhat defuses this provocative theme by submerging it in a hoary love triangle .
one of those movies that catches you up in something bigger than yourself , namely , an archetypal desire to enjoy good trash every now and then .
one of those movies that catches you up in something bigger than yourself , namely , an archetypal
one of those movies that catches you up in something bigger than yourself , namely , an archetypal desire to enjoy good trash every now and then
one saving
's a beautiful madness
has something interesting to say
has something new to say about how , in the flip-flop of courtship , we often reel in when we should be playing out
's Burns ' visuals , characters and his punchy dialogue , not his plot , that carry waydowntown .
has some quietly moving moments and an intelligent subtlety
has some special qualities and the soulful gravity of Crudup 's anchoring performance
has some special qualities and the soulful gravity of Crudup 's anchoring performance .
has some of the funniest jokes of any movie this year
has some of the funniest jokes of any movie this year ,
has some of the funniest jokes of any movie this year , including those intended for adults
as punching bags
crisp professionalism
critic-proof
to get to its gasp-inducing ending
Brash , intelligent and erotically perplexing , Haneke 's portrait of an upper class Austrian society and the suppression of its tucked away demons is uniquely felt with a sardonic jolt .
, heartfelt , mesmerizing King Lear
emotional gravity
emotional conviction
the dynamic first act
this is a better film than his earlier English-language movie , the overpraised Elizabeth
full-throated humor
Bravo for history
an act of spiritual faith -- an eloquent , deeply felt meditation on the nature of compassion
an action hero motivated by something more than franchise possibilities
an actor 's showcase that accomplishes its primary goal without the use of special effects , but rather by emphasizing the characters
an actress she is
's a tour de force , written and directed so quietly that it 's implosion rather than explosion you fear .
's a treat watching Shaw , a British stage icon , melting under the heat of Phocion 's attentions
. viewers
. Schaeffer
In the director 's cut , the film is not only a love song to the movies but it also is more fully an example of the kind of lush , all-enveloping movie experience it rhapsodizes .
make a dream seem possible
a most traditional , reserved kind of filmmaking
's a work of incendiary genius , steering clear of knee-jerk reactions and quick solutions
's a stunning lyrical work of considerable force and truth .
's a stunning lyrical work of considerable force and truth
's absolutely spooky how Lillard channels the Shagster right down to the original Casey Kasem-furnished voice
's a worthy companion to the many fine , focused films emerging from that most surprising of nations
's a work of incendiary genius , steering clear of knee-jerk reactions and quick solutions .
crime drama fare
true events
Kaufman 's script is still memorable for some great one-liners .
. A rewarding work of art
If a horror movie 's primary goal is to frighten and disturb , then They works spectacularly well ... A shiver-inducing , nerve-rattling ride .
Conrad L. Hall 's cinematography will likely be nominated for an Oscar next year
Conrad L. Hall 's cinematography will likely be nominated for an Oscar next year --
Congrats Disney on a job
Congrats Disney on a job well done , I enjoyed it just as much !
Consider it ` perfection .
Consider it ` perfection . '
-- though unhappily for his subjects -- the invisible hand of the marketplace wrote a script that no human screenwriter could have hoped to match .
modulated psychological thriller
modulated psychological thriller .
moments it can be heart-rending in an honest and unaffected ( and gentle ) way
It uses some of the figures from the real-life story to portray themselves in the film . The result is a powerful , naturally dramatic piece of low-budget filmmaking .
It wears its heart on the sleeve of its gaudy Hawaiian shirt
the nonconformist in us
the virtues of the IMAX format
the year 's most thought-provoking film .
the year 's most thought-provoking film . But it pays a price for its intricate intellectual gamesmanship .
takes great pleasure in watching the resourceful Molly stay a step ahead of her pursuers
deep-seated , emotional
gives out
deep and psychological
deep bow
It wo n't hold up over the long haul , but in the moment , Finch 's tale provides the forgettable pleasures of a Saturday matinee .
It works well enough , since the thrills pop up frequently
Australian director John Polson , making his American feature debut , jazzes it up adroitly
Australian director John Polson , making his American feature debut , jazzes it up adroitly .
Australian director John Polson , making his American feature debut ,
Auto Focus '' works
Auto Focus '' works as an unusual biopic and document of male swingers in the Playboy era
's so much to look at in Metropolis you hate to tear your eyes away from the images long enough to read the subtitles .
's so much to look at in Metropolis you hate to tear your eyes away from the images long enough to read the subtitles
's simply , and surprisingly , a nice , light treat
's simultaneously painful and refreshing
's so fascinating you wo n't be able to look away for a second
's smooth and professional
on the nuances of the emotional development of the delicate characters
on the spectacular scale
on the perfect ending
on the gorgeous , ramshackle landscape of the filmmaker 's motherland
abundant humanism
abstract approach
abstract characters
do indeed feel for them
rowdy slapstick
to view one of Shakespeare 's better known tragedies as a dark comedy
would n't turn down a big bowl of that
would make an excellent companion piece to the similarly themed ` The French Lieutenant 's Woman
would make an excellent companion piece to the similarly themed ` The French Lieutenant 's Woman . '
would make an excellent companion piece to the similarly themed ` The French Lieutenant 's Woman .
of a handsome and well-made entertainment
of a growing strain of daring films
of a good time for both children and parents
of a good time
Will amuse and provoke adventurous adults in specialty venues .
Wilde 's droll whimsy helps '' Being Earnest '' overcome its weaknesses and Parker 's creative interference
em um desfecho que certamente fica na memória
Wilde 's droll whimsy helps '' Being Earnest ''
Wilde 's droll whimsy
elevated by the wholesome twist of a pesky mother interfering during her son 's discovery of his homosexuality .
eloquently
LaBute continues to improve .
La cinta comienza intentando
La Salle 's performance
daft by half ... but
the most original American productions this year
the most original American productions
the most positive comment we can make
Using an endearing cast
Until it goes off the rails in its final 10 or 15 minutes , Wendigo , Larry Fessenden 's spooky new thriller , is a refreshingly smart and newfangled variation on several themes derived from far less sophisticated and knowing horror films .
that it does have a few cute moments
Using an endearing cast , writer\/director Dover Kosashvili takes a slightly dark look at relationships , both sexual and kindred .
is a real filmmaker
It 's one of those baseball pictures where the hero is stoic , the wife is patient , the kids are as cute as all get-out and
It 's one of those baseball pictures where the hero is stoic , the wife is patient , the kids are as cute as all get-out
It 's one of those baseball pictures where the hero is stoic , the wife is patient , the kids are as cute as all get-out and the odds against success are long enough to intimidate , but short enough to make a dream seem possible .
It 's one of those baseball pictures where the hero is stoic , the wife is patient , the kids are as cute as all get-out and the odds against success are long enough to intimidate , but short enough to make a dream seem possible
is a pretty good job
is a pretty good job ,
is a pretty good job , if it 's filmed Tosca that you want .
is a probing examination of a female friendship set against a few dynamic decades
is a real charmer
Provides a very moving and revelatory footnote to the Holocaust
Provides a satisfactory overview of the bizarre world of extreme athletes as several daredevils express their own views .
terrific American sports movie
A conventional , but well-crafted film about a historic legal battle in Ireland over a man
Provides the kind of ` laugh therapy ' I need from movie comedies -- offbeat humor , amusing characters , and a happy ending . After seeing ` Analyze That
Provides the kind of ` laugh therapy ' I need from movie comedies -- offbeat humor , amusing characters , and a happy ending .
Provides the kind of ` laugh therapy ' I need from movie comedies -- offbeat humor , amusing characters , and a happy ending . After seeing ` Analyze That , ' I feel better already .
Bravo 's
reveals itself slowly , intelligently , artfully
reveals itself slowly , intelligently , artfully .
so slick and
terms of style and ethnicity , prevents the proceedings from feeling repetitious , as does the appropriately brief 40-minute running time
reveals a music scene that transcends culture and race
reveals a real human soul buried beneath a spellbinding serpent 's smirk
in the way of saying something meaningful about facing death
Steve Irwin 's method is Ernest Hemmingway at accelerated speed and volume .
Stephen Earnhart 's homespun documentary Mule Skinner Blues has nothing but love for its posse of trailer park denizens .
is tenderly observant of his characters
is tenderly observant of his characters .
is terrific , bringing an unforced , rapid-fire delivery to Toback 's Heidegger - and Nietzsche-referencing dialogue
is terrific , bringing an unforced , rapid-fire delivery to Toback 's Heidegger - and Nietzsche-referencing dialogue .
is sure to give you a lot of laughs in this simple , sweet and romantic comedy
is sure to give you a lot of laughs in this simple , sweet and romantic comedy .
is terrific as Rachel
like Silence , it 's a movie that gets under your skin .
The film has the high-buffed gloss and high-octane jolts you expect of De Palma , but what makes it transporting is that it 's also one of the smartest , most pleasurable expressions of pure movie love to come from an American director in years .
terrific
compelling and
compelling and horrifying
compelling as it is exotic
compelling as it is exotic ,
compelling as it is exotic , fast runner
of the finest
of the finest films of the year
of the film with a creepy and dead-on performance
strikes a very resonant chord
the list of things he does well
the comic effects
Road to Perdition does display greatness , and it 's worth seeing
should give '' Scratch '' a second look .
should give '' Scratch '' a second look
The emotions are raw and will strike a nerve with anyone who 's ever had family trauma .
The draw ( for '' Big Bad Love '' ) is a solid performance by Arliss Howard .
The director explores all three sides of his story with a sensitivity and an inquisitiveness reminiscent of Truffaut .
but most powerful of all
but never hogs the scenes from his fellow cast , as there are plenty of laughs and good lines for everyone in this comedy
but its heart is in the right place ... innocent and well-meaning .
but love for its posse of trailer park denizens
but its boasts a huge charm factor and smacks of originality .
but its heart is in the right place ... innocent and well-meaning
striking new significance
but still has the chops and drive to show how its done
but still has the chops and drive to show how its done .
seems based on ugly ideas instead of ugly behavior , as happiness was ... hence , storytelling is far more appealing .
Laughably
three great , scary times
three times in this animated sweet film
appropriately brief 40-minute running time
appreciate much of Vardalos ' humor , which transcends ethnic boundaries
Ms . Bullock 's best work
a solid tale
a solid woman - finding-herself story
a slightly believable love triangle
a romantic relationship
a salute to the universal language of rhythm
a salute to the universal language of rhythm and a zippy sampling of sounds
a rousing good story
to have the best of both worlds
-- full of life and small delights --
the true impact
the throes of rapid change
to hear how John Malkovich 's reedy consigliere will pronounce his next line
big stars and high production values are standard procedure
be seen as hip , winking social commentary
you have to admit it 's semi-amusing to watch Robert DeNiro belt out '' When you 're a Jet
, touching and wonderfully dyspeptic .
could change America , not only because it is full of necessary discussion points , but because it is so accessible that it makes complex politics understandable to viewers looking for nothing but energetic entertainment
constantly taut ... reflecting the character 's instability with a metaphorical visual style and an unnerving , heartbeat-like score
constructed a remarkably coherent , horrifically vivid snapshot of those turbulent days
competent enough filmmaker
the real masterpiece
compelling historical tale
compassion and mercy
the storytelling instincts of a slightly more literate filmgoing audience
Has its share of arresting images
Has an unmistakable , easy joie de vivre .
guts
the rare sequel
very minds
will assuredly
will at least have a dream image of the West to savor whenever the film 's lamer instincts are in the saddle
watching beanie and his gang put together his slasher video from spare parts and borrowed materials is as much fun as it must have been for them to make it .
watching beanie and his gang put together his slasher video from spare parts and borrowed materials is as much fun as it must have been for them to make it
Has the capability of effecting change and inspiring hope
uncommonly human character
Though uniformly well acted
understandable
a brilliant motion picture
Though the film is static , its writer-director 's heart is in the right place , his plea for democracy and civic action laudable .
a brief amount of time
a breathtakingly assured and stylish work
a breathtakingly assured and stylish work of spare dialogue and acute expressiveness
a breakthrough
a breakthrough in filmmaking
has a lot to offer
occasionally inspired dialogue bits
has been delivered to the big screen safe and sound , the way we like our 20-year-old superstar girls to travel on the fame freeway .
some fine sex onscreen ,
any insight
any fiction
any kind of masterpiece . It is , however , a completely honest , open-hearted
An achingly enthralling premise
An action\/thriller
An achingly enthralling premise ,
An achingly enthralling premise , the film
An action\/thriller of the finest kind
An action\/thriller of the finest kind , evoking memories of Day of the Jackal , The French Connection , and Heat .
off the element of surprise
of young , Black manhood that is funny , touching , smart and complicated
of world cinema 's most wondrously gifted artists
fantastic Kathy Bates
fantastic Reign
put in fine performances as does French actor Oliver Martinez .
put in fine performances
put in fine performances as does French actor Oliver Martinez
The unique niche of self-critical , behind-the-scenes navel-gazing Kaufman has carved from Orleans ' story
Frida 's artistic brilliance is undeniable
Frida 's artistic brilliance
Frida 's artistic brilliance is undeniable -- it 's among the most breathtakingly designed films I 've ever seen .
historically significant work
some entertainment value
fixating on a far corner of the screen at times
fixating
fantastic visual trope
their natural instinct for self-preservation
ride for the kiddies , with enough eye candy and cheeky wit to keep parents away from the concession stand . '
combines the enigmatic features of ` Memento ' with the hallucinatory drug culture of ` Requiem for a Dream .
combines the enigmatic features of ` Memento ' with the hallucinatory drug culture of ` Requiem for a Dream
definitely one for the masses
come away from his film overwhelmed ,
to keep our interest
right choice
right at home in this French shocker
no-holds-barred cinematic
Parker should be commended for taking a fresh approach to familiar material
gives a star performance that is nothing short of mesmerizing
gives a human face to what 's often discussed in purely abstract terms .
gives itself the freedom to feel contradictory things .
is , I did n't mind all this contrived nonsense a bit
irresistible package
A thriller
A thoughtful and surprisingly affecting portrait of a screwed-up man who dared to mess with some powerful people , seen through the eyes of the idealistic kid who chooses to champion his ultimately losing cause .
A thoughtful and surprisingly affecting portrait of a screwed-up man who dared to mess with some powerful people , seen through the eyes of the idealistic kid who chooses to champion his ultimately losing cause
A thoughtful and surprisingly affecting portrait of a screwed-up man who dared to mess with some powerful people ,
A thriller with an edge --
A thriller with an edge
A thriller whose style , structure and rhythms are so integrated with the story , you can not separate them .
A thriller whose style , structure and rhythms are so integrated with the story
A thriller with an edge -- which is to say that it does n't follow the stale , standard , connect-the-dots storyline which has become commonplace in movies that explore the seamy underbelly of the criminal world .
some fine sex onscreen , and some tense arguing ,
a meditation on the deep deceptions of innocence
a measure of faith in the future
` Sophisticated ' viewers
to come from an American director in years
to commend it to movie audiences both innocent and jaded
a potentially incredibly twisting mystery
a powerful , naturally dramatic piece of low-budget filmmaking
a powerful , naturally dramatic piece
a positive ( if tragic ) note
a powerful emotional wallop
a powerful commentary
's emotionally engrossing , too , thanks to strong , credible performances from the whole cast .
's endearing
's emotionally engrossing , too , thanks to strong , credible performances
's emotionally engrossing , too , thanks to strong , credible performances from the whole cast
's endearing to hear Madame D. refer to her husband as ` Jackie ' -- and he does make for excellent company , not least as a self-conscious performer
's endearing to hear Madame D. refer to her husband as ` Jackie ' -- and he does make for excellent company , not least as a self-conscious performer .
's endearing to hear Madame D. refer to her husband as ` Jackie ' -- and he does make for excellent company
's endearing to hear Madame D. refer to her husband as ` Jackie ' -- and he does make for excellent company ,
delectable and intriguing thriller
Deserving
-- and a wonderful all-ages triumph besides --
dark , intelligent
dark , intelligent warning cry
Out of Sight
-- a decent full-on space battle
dark and bittersweet
dark and bittersweet twist
Lynne Ramsay as an important , original talent in international cinema
How good
How I Killed My Father compelling
Houseboat and Father Goose in its affectionate depiction of the gentle war between a reluctant , irresponsible man and the kid who latches onto him
How good this film might be , depends if you believe that the shocking conclusion is too much of a plunge or not .
Hubert with a mixture of deadpan cool , wry humor and just the measure of tenderness required to give this comic slugfest some heart
Hubert with a mixture of deadpan cool , wry humor and just the measure
perfectly executed
a touching reflection on aging , suffering and the prospect of death
a touching love story
the subtle direction
and small delights
and precious commodity
and more entertaining , too .
and more entertaining , too
and snappy dialogue
a literate presentation that wonderfully weaves a murderous event in 1873 with murderous rage in 2002 .
a literate presentation that wonderfully weaves a murderous event in 1873 with murderous rage in 2002
a literate presentation that wonderfully
a literate presentation
children 's ' song
In Fessenden 's horror trilogy , this theme has proved important to him and is especially so in the finale .
the intelligent romantic comedy with actual ideas on its mind .
reminds us that , in any language , the huge stuff in life can usually be traced back to the little things .
update her beloved genre for the thousands of Indians who fancy themselves too sophisticated for the cheese-laced spectacles that pack 'em in on the subcontinent
Frank Capra 's classic
it succeeds in entertaining , despite playing out like a feature-length sitcom replete with stereotypical familial quandaries
The movie is well crafted , and well executed . If you 're paying attention , the '' big twists '' are pretty easy to guess - but that does n't make the movie any less entertaining
perfectly pitched
perfectly executed and wonderfully sympathetic characters , who are alternately touching and funny
that the film 's length becomes a part of its fun
acknowledges and celebrates their cheesiness
acknowledges and celebrates
accessible and
absorbs us
acted and masterfully if
surprisingly brilliant
top Japanese animations
his future wife
is what summer screen escapism used to be in the decades when it was geared more to grownups .
is worth the price of admission
is worth the price of admission .
is worth the promise
is young enough to be the nonagenarian filmmaker 's son , more incredible
it 's a '' true story '' and you 're likely to have one helluva time at the movies
it 's a pleasure to enjoy their eccentricities
it 's a story that we as Americans , and human beings , should know
it 's a work of incendiary genius , steering clear of knee-jerk reactions and quick solutions .
The Believer is nothing less than a provocative piece of work
captures the speech patterns , moral codes and ideals of the 1940s
ca n't help but feel ` stoked
captures the often futile lifestyle of young people in modern Japan
capturou o pomo de ouro
ca n't deny its seriousness and quality
ca n't deny its seriousness and quality .
carefully balanced scenario
carefully balanced
ca n't help but be drawn in by the sympathetic characters
A masterpiece four years
A masterpiece four years in the making
A loving little film of considerable appeal
A masterful film from a master filmmaker
in some terrific setpieces
makes The Banger Sisters a fascinating character study with laughs
makes The Banger Sisters a fascinating character study with laughs to spare
makes Barbershop so likable
makes Dover Kosashvili 's outstanding feature debut so potent
make you misty even when you do n't
make you think twice about what might be going on inside each trailer park you drive past -- even if it chiefly inspires you to drive a little faster
makes Martha enormously endearing
with Cage 's best acting
some of the people who were able to make an impact in the theater world
some strong performances
wit and humor
wit and compassion
appealing
have been expanded and worked into a compelling single feature
have been groundbreaking
the film on his broad , handsome shoulders
the film portrays
the film is almost unsurpassed .
the film is a refreshingly serious look at young women .
the film feels like a breath of fresh air , but only to those that allow it in .
the film from the very beginning
It is nature against progress . In Fessenden 's horror trilogy , this theme has proved important to him and is especially so in the finale .
make an appealing couple -- he 's understated and sardonic
style and bold colors
It is intensely personal and yet -- unlike Quills -- deftly shows us the temper of the times .
style , structure and rhythms are so integrated with the story
accuracy
stylish but steady
replete with acclaimed actors and actresses
stylish but steady , and ultimately very satisfying
stylish but steady , and
if it belongs on the big screen
if it chiefly inspires you to drive a little faster
, here 's one for you .
, heartbreaking , and filmed in a natural , unforced style that makes its characters seem entirely convincing even when its script is not .
, he 'd sure make a courtroom trial great fun to watch .
, he showcases Davies as a young woman of great charm , generosity and diplomacy
, haunting film
occasionally very enjoyable
The film becomes an overwhelming pleasure , and you find yourself rooting for Gai 's character to avoid the fate that has befallen every other Carmen before her
notable
notable for its stylistic austerity and forcefulness
wants to break free of her old life
The film fearlessly gets under the skin of the people involved ... This makes it not only a detailed historical document , but an engaging and moving portrait of a subculture .
The film fearlessly gets under the skin of the people involved ... This makes it not only a detailed historical document , but an engaging and moving portrait of a subculture
observant of his characters
occasional belly laugh
not only because it is full of necessary discussion points , but because it is so accessible that it makes complex politics understandable to viewers looking for nothing but energetic entertainment
get together
A quiet , disquieting triumph
students that deals with first love sweetly
a non-threatening multi-character piece
a nicely understated expression of the grief
a nicely understated expression
a new voice that deserves to be considered as a possible successor to the best European directors
a new voice
which pokes fun at the price of popularity and small-town pretension in the Lone Star State
keeps the intensity of the film high , even as the strafings blend together .
keeps the intensity of the film high , even as the strafings blend together
keeping the balance between the fantastic and the believable
keep us riveted to our seats
keeps the film grounded in an undeniable social realism
keeps the intensity of the film high ,
keeps the intensity of the film high
creates an eerie sense of not only being there at the time of these events
creamy depth
credible performances
credible
, provocative drama
crowd-pleaser
the year 's most enjoyable releases
keep this unusual comedy from choking on its own conceit .
the world 's political situation seems little different , and ( director Phillip ) Noyce brings out the allegory with remarkable skill .
the world 's political situation seems little different , and ( director Phillip ) Noyce brings out the allegory with remarkable skill
well-oiled machine
A whale of a good time for both children and parents seeking Christian-themed fun .
A wildly entertaining
look at the backstage angst of the stand-up comic .
well-oiled machine ,
look at religious fanatics -- or backyard sheds -- the same way again
look as fully ` rendered ' as Pixar 's industry standard
well-shot
well-shot and , importantly , entertaining
` Yes , that 's right : it 's Forrest Gump , Angel Of Death . '
Trapped presents a frightening and compelling ` What if ? ' scenario that will give most parents pause
fact that this is Revenge Of The Nerds Revisited
while Russell and Dreyfus are a romantic pairing of hearts , preciously exposed as history corners them .
its laid-back way
which is probably for the best . And if you 're not nearly moved to tears by a couple of scenes
while ensnaring the audience with its emotional pull
while at the same time being a most touching reconsideration of the familiar masterpiece
while embracing a wholesome attitude
This may be Dover Kosashvili 's feature directing debut ,
punchy dialogue
purely enjoyable that you might not even notice it
purely enjoyable
purely enjoyable that you might not even notice it 's a fairly straightforward remake of Hollywood comedies such as Father of the Bride .
are more than effectively
designed to give some of the characters a ` back story
Birot creates a drama with such a well-defined sense of place and age -- as in , 15 years old -- that the torments and angst become almost as operatic to us as they are to her characters .
the courage to go over the top and movies that do n't care about being stupid
Visually imaginative , thematically instructive
was entranced
clever exercise
Visually imaginative ,
, refreshingly ,
, quirky , original
Visually imaginative , thematically instructive and
, remains surprisingly idealistic
Ideal
be called animation
IHOPs
was a guilty pleasure
a story powerful enough to leave the screen sizzling with intrigue
a story that could touch anyone regardless of their familiarity with the sport
a story that we as Americans , and human beings , should know
a story we have n't seen on the big screen before , and it 's a story that we as Americans , and human beings , should know
a story we have n't seen on the big screen before , and it 's a story that we as Americans , and human beings , should know .
a strange combo of you-are-there closeness with the disorienting unreality of the seemingly broken-down fourth wall of the movie screen
a stunning lyrical work
with a sense of his reserved but existential poignancy
most amazing super-sized dosage
most appealing
top shelf
This time Mr. Burns is trying something in the Martin Scorsese street-realist mode
This surreal Gilliam-esque film is also a troubling interpretation of Ecclesiastes .
This seductive tease of a thriller gets the job done .
that is wickedly fun to watch
Like the best 60 Minutes
Like the best of Godard 's movies
Like the best 60 Minutes exposé , the film ( at 80 minutes ) is actually quite entertaining .
Like other great documentaries
Like the chilled breath of oral storytelling frozen onto film
Like the best of Godard 's movies ... it is visually ravishing , penetrating , impenetrable .
of Read My Lips
to overcome adversity
to occasionally break up the live-action scenes with animated sequences
Runs on the pure adrenalin
RunTelDat is something of a triumph .
Runs on the pure adrenalin of Pacino 's performance .
Runs on the pure adrenalin of Pacino 's performance
Russian cultural identity and a stunning technical achievement
a tribute
a treat
a touch of humor
Performances are potent , and the women 's stories are ably intercut and involving
Performances are potent , and
sent to and buried on Pluto
sensual performance
Peralta 's
Peppered with witty dialogue and inventive moments .
Perdition
Performances are potent ,
Performances are potent
refreshed and hopeful
refreshed and
refreshed
reflects their earnestness -- which makes for a terrifying film
refreshing and comical spin
refreshing and comical
refreshing and
refreshing to see a romance this smart
refreshing to see a movie that embraces its old-fashioned themes and in the process comes out looking like something wholly original
are so crucial to the genre and another first-rate performance by top-billed star Bruce Willis
are so spot on
are so well
Smarter than its commercials make it seem .
Sly , sophisticated and surprising .
Smarter
Sly , sophisticated and surprising
with drama , romance , tragedy , bravery , political intrigue , partisans and sabotage . Viva le Resistance
with considerable aplomb
Smith examines the intimate , unguarded moments of folks who live in unusual homes -- which pop up in nearly every corner of the country .
Smith finds amusing juxtapositions that justify his exercise .
of good sense
of good material
of goodness that is flawed , compromised and sad
of grace
arthouse . The power of this script ,
artful , watery tones
artful , watery tones of blue , green and brown
artfully restrained in others , 65-year-old Jack Nicholson
have any trouble getting kids to eat up these Veggies
have been kind enough to share it
have been more geeked when I heard that Apollo 13 was going to be released in IMAX format ? In a word : No
to tease , except gently and in that way that makes us consider our own eccentricities and how they are expressed through our homes
offbeat sensibilities
stepped into the mainstream of filmmaking with an assurance worthy of international acclaim
there 's no denying the physically spectacular qualities of the film ... or the emotional integrity of the performances
the devilish complexity
is a portrait of grace in an imperfect world
is a nearly impeccable cinematic experience -- and a wonderful all-ages triumph besides --
is a precise and moving portrait of someone whose world is turned upside down , first by passion and then by illness .
is a precise and moving portrait of someone whose world is turned upside down , first by passion and then by illness
is a miracle akin to the story the film portrays .
is a miracle akin to the story the film portrays
is a movie steeped in an ambiguity that lends its conflicts a symbolic resonance
Woven together handsomely
Woven together handsomely , recalling sixties ' rockumentary milestones from Lonely Boy to Do n't Look Back .
Wow !
Wow , so who knew Charles Dickens could be so light-hearted ?
Worth seeing just for Weaver and LaPaglia
is a quirky and poignant Japanese film that explores the fascinating connections between women , water , nature , and sexuality
hilarious writer-director himself
hilarious adventure
him eight stories tall
with the testimony of satisfied customers
mention mysterious , sensual , emotionally intense , and replete
mention mysterious , sensual , emotionally intense , and replete with virtuoso throat-singing
to Diesel 's XXX flex-a-thon
captivating coming-of-age story
in swank apartments , clothes and parties
in that it is does not rely on dumb gags , anatomical humor , or character cliches
in the Midwest that held my interest precisely because it did n't try to
to the film 's considerable charm
as honest working man John Q . Archibald , on a pedestal , then keeps lifting the pedestal higher
as gripping
as hilariously raunchy as South Park
as hilarious lunacy
as hilarious
a pleasant distraction , a Friday night diversion , an excuse to eat popcorn
may have worked up a back story for the women they portray so convincingly
may just scare the pants off you .
anchored by splendid performances
family , forgiveness and love
family and community
family warmth
A few artsy flourishes aside
A feel-good picture in the best sense of the term .
A feel-good picture
A gentle , compassionate drama about grief and healing .
A gentle , compassionate drama
The spaniel-eyed Jean Reno infuses Hubert with a mixture of deadpan cool , wry humor and just the measure of tenderness required to give this comic slugfest some heart .
why we go to the movies
why art matters , and how it can resonate far beyond museum walls and through to the most painfully marginal lives
he 's been in a while
he 's willing to express his convictions
he allows nothing to get in the way
he can outgag any of those young whippersnappers making moving pictures today
he has n't lost his touch , bringing off a superb performance in an admittedly middling film
really slick
really need a remake of `` Charade
depict the French Revolution
an utterly charming French comedy that feels so American in sensibility and style
Be patient with the lovely Hush ! and your reward
using his storytelling ability
Barry convinces us he 's a dangerous , secretly unhinged guy who could easily have killed a president because it made him feel powerful .
Based on Dave Barry 's popular book of the same name , the movie benefits from having a real writer plot out all of the characters ' moves and overlapping story .
clever bits
Rarely , a movie is more than a movie . Go .
Defies logic , the laws of physics and almost anyone 's willingness to believe in it . But darned if it does n't also keep us riveted to our seats .
Decasia is what has happened already to so many silent movies , newsreels and the like . The unexpected thing is that its dying , in this shower of black-and-white psychedelia , is quite beautiful .
is sufficiently funny to amuse even the most resolutely unreligious parents who escort their little ones to megaplex screenings .
is sufficiently funny to amuse even the most resolutely unreligious parents who escort their little ones to megaplex screenings
is sufficiently funny
is strong as always .
is that rare drama that offers a thoughtful and rewarding glimpse into the sort of heartache everyone has felt , or will feel someday
is that its dying , in this shower of black-and-white psychedelia , is quite beautiful
is surely
is superbly
is that the screen is most alive when it seems most likely that Broomfield 's interviewees , or even himself , will not be for much longer
is that rare drama that offers a thoughtful and rewarding glimpse into the sort of heartache everyone has felt , or will feel someday .
the film , and at times , elevate it to a superior crime movie
A lot of the credit for the film 's winning tone
A lot of the credit for the film 's winning tone must go to Grant , who has n't lost a bit of the dry humor that first made audiences on both sides of the Atlantic love him .
A lot of fun , with an undeniable energy
A lot of fun , with an undeniable energy sparked by two actresses in their 50s working at the peak of their powers .
the buoyant energy level of the film 's city beginnings
the cartoonish clichés and sneering humor of the genre as it provides a fresh view of an old type
the cast portrays their cartoon counterparts well ... but quite frankly
, then Esther 's story is a compelling quest for truth .
, then go see this delightful comedy .
, the stories are quietly moving .
, the way to that destination is a really special walk in the woods .
to my adoration
, there 's no denying the fun of watching De Niro and Crystal having fun .
, there is an accuracy of observation in the work of the director , Frank Novak , that keeps the film grounded in an undeniable social realism .
, then you 're at the right film .
self-aware , often self-mocking ,
with a message that cautions children about disturbing the world 's delicate ecological balance
Much of what we see is horrible but it 's also undeniably exceedingly clever
Much of it is funny
Much of All About Lily Chou-Chou is mesmerizing : some of its plaintiveness could make you weep .
Much of All About Lily Chou-Chou is mesmerizing : some of its plaintiveness could make you weep
Much of The Lady and the Duke is about quiet , decisive moments between members of the cultural elite as they determine how to proceed as the world implodes .
prove absorbing to American audiences
Sweet
Swedish
Sweet Home Alabama hits the mark with critics who escaped from a small town life .
Sweet Home Alabama hits the mark with critics who escaped from a small town life
In his debut as a director , Washington has a sure hand .
still comes off as a touching , transcendent love story .
Some movies suck you in despite their flaws , and Heaven is one such beast .
Some people march to the beat of a different drum
a decent children 's
a decent children 's movie
a decent endeavor
a decent glimpse
a decent glimpse into a time period ,
better effects
better effects ,
-- toward the end , you can feel your veins cringing from the workout .
An engaging overview
are also some startling , surrealistic moments
are among the chief reasons Brown Sugar is such a sweet and sexy film
are among the chief reasons Brown Sugar is such a sweet and sexy film .
An enthralling
female orgasm
An experience so engrossing it
100 %
your nose
's simply fab as a Spanish butler with a foot fetish
lead actress Andie MacDowell
lead a group of talented friends
lead a group of talented friends astray
The band performances featured in Drumline are red hot ...
The band performances featured in Drumline are red hot
balancing deafening battle scenes with quieter domestic scenes of women back home receiving War Department telegrams
balances real-time rhythms with propulsive incident .
was witty .
is exhilarating to watch because Sandler , liberated from the constraints of formula , reveals unexpected depths as an actor
is exhilarating to watch because Sandler , liberated from the constraints of formula , reveals unexpected depths as an actor .
There are some laughs in this movie ,
There are some laughs in this movie
, it 's better than one might expect when you look at the list of movies starring Ice-T in a major role .
There are plenty of scenes in Frida that do work , but rarely do they involve the title character herself .
, it 's a howler .
, it 's an adventure story and history lesson all in one .
, it 's an observant , unfussily poetic meditation about identity and alienation
, it 's a wacky and inspired little film that works effortlessly at delivering genuine , acerbic laughs .
both a successful adaptation and an enjoyable film
packed with adventure and a worthwhile environmental message
paced and satisfying
paced and suspenseful Argentinian thriller
there , for everybody who wants to be a kid again , or show it to their own kids
there is a decent moral trying to get out
the e-graveyard
can enjoy as mild escapism
smoothes over sources of conflict
a wry and sometime bitter movie about love
smoothes over hard truths
smiles and
tasty performance
'd expect to see on Showtime 's ` Red Shoe Diaries
, Reggio still knows how to make a point with poetic imagery
a postmodern joke , made creepy by its `` men in a sardine can '' warped
a precisely layered performance by an actor in his mid-seventies , Michel Piccoli
for some excellent work
recording
concentrates on people , a project in which the script and characters hold sway
both a successful adaptation and an enjoyable film in its own right .
A few nonbelievers may rethink their attitudes when they see the joy the characters take in this creed , but skeptics are n't likely to enter the theater .
A few nonbelievers may rethink their attitudes when they see the joy the characters take in this creed ,
but with a revelatory performance
whimsicality , narrative discipline
A hit -
A hit
the absolute top of the game
that goes a long way toward keeping the picture compelling
they know their roles so well
the ` urban comedy ' that even attempts the insight and honesty of this disarming indie
the absolute top
a young woman who knows how to hold the screen
Tully is in many ways the perfect festival film : a calm , self-assured portrait of small town regret , love , duty and friendship that appeals to the storytelling instincts of a slightly more literate filmgoing audience .
is spot on
is spot
is spooky and subtly in love with myth
is spooky and subtly
is still fun and enjoyable and so aggressively silly
accumulates power and depth
accurate
is still fun and enjoyable and so aggressively silly that it 's more than a worthwhile effort .
is still fun and enjoyable and so aggressively silly that it 's more than a worthwhile effort
achieves its main strategic objective
achieves its main strategic objective :
a younger lad
except when the fantastic kathy bates turns up
excellent
exciting
exciting and
This is the kind of subject matter that could so easily have been fumbled by a lesser filmmaker , but Ayres makes the right choices at every turn
This is the kind of subject matter that could so easily have been fumbled by a lesser filmmaker , but Ayres makes the right choices at every turn .
This is pure , exciting moviemaking . You wo n't exactly know what 's happening but you 'll be blissfully exhausted .
This is the kind of subject matter that could so easily have been fumbled by a lesser filmmaker
This is one of the year 's best films .
This is pure , exciting moviemaking .
humor , passion , and
humor , passion
humor to lighten things up
humor , passion , and verve
resourceful and ingenious entertainment .
resourceful and ingenious entertainment
resourceful and ingenious
resourceful and
resourceful
gripping documentary
gripping , amusing , tender and heart-wrenching
gripping performances by Lane and Gere are what will keep them awake
gripping performances by Lane and Gere
grips and holds you in rapt attention from
its dark , delicate treatment
its dark , delicate treatment of these characters
its delightful cast
the resurrection of the Halloween franchise
great idea
stand up in the theater
her pale , dark beauty and
her own screenplay , jumps to the head of the class of women 's films that manage to avoid the ghetto of sentimental chick-flicks by treating female follies with a satirical style
its overall sense of mystery
their memorable and resourceful performances
an interesting story of pointed personalities , courage , tragedy and the little guys
great ending
of criminals
their own comfortable niche
an interesting story of pointed personalities , courage , tragedy and the little guys vs. the big guys
their own mortality
helps create a complex , unpredictable character
one film that 's truly deserving of its Oscar nomination
one ca n't help but be drawn in by the sympathetic characters
one film
unlike many revenge fantasies , it ultimately delivers
happens to be that rarity among sequels
focuses on the anguish that can develop when one mulls leaving the familiar to traverse uncharted ground .
slovenly life in this self-deprecating , biting and witty feature written by Charlie Kaufman and his twin brother , Donald , and directed by Spike Jonze
slow down , shake off your tensions and take this picture at its own breezy , distracted rhythms
Smith 's point is simple and obvious -- people 's homes are extensions of themselves , and particularly eccentric people have particularly eccentric living spaces --
most pleasurable expressions of pure movie love to come from an American director in years .
most positive
most pleasurable expressions
most pleasurable expressions of pure movie
most original American productions
earnest emotional core
most positive comment
The script manages the rare trick of seeming at once both refreshingly different and reassuringly familiar .
The script is smart and dark - hallelujah for small favors .
The script by David Koepp is perfectly serviceable and because he gives the story some soul ... he elevates the experience to a more mythic level .
The search for redemption makes for a touching love story , mainly because Blanchett and Ribisi compellingly tap into a spiritual aspect of their characters ' suffering .
Every moment crackles with tension , and by the end of the flick , you 're on the edge of your seat
Every moment crackles with tension , and by the end of the flick , you 're on the edge of your seat .
Every moment crackles with tension
Every moment crackles with tension ,
Every moment crackles with tension , and
Every individual will see the movie through the prism of his or her own beliefs and prejudices ,
Every individual will see the movie through the prism of his or her own beliefs and prejudices , but the one thing most will take away is the sense that peace is possible .
Every individual will see the movie through the prism of his or her own beliefs and prejudices , but the one thing most will take away is the sense that peace is possible . That , in itself , is extraordinary .
several decent laughs
several decent
Mr . Tsai is a very original artist in his medium
13-year-old girl
have the highest production values you 've ever seen
have seen a comedy
you probably loved in 1994 , except that it looks even better
you might wind up remembering with a degree of affection rather than revulsion
sweet-tempered
of all comics -- even those who have reached the absolute top of the game
sweetly conspiratorial
sweet-tempered comedy
right , from its promenade of barely clad bodies in Myrtle Beach , S.C. , to the adrenaline jolt of a sudden lunch rush at the diner
noteworthy characters
depict a homosexual relationship in a mature and frank fashion
for the striking , quietly vulnerable personality of Ms . Ambrose
powerful
powerful , accessible
powerful ,
Lovely and Amazing ,
Lovely and Amazing , '
finest kind
going for it , not least the brilliant performances by Testud
to check this one out
Sprecher and her screenwriting partner and sister , Karen Sprecher , do n't seem ever to run out of ideas
thought-provoking potential
interested
romp that will have viewers guessing just who 's being conned right up to the finale
romp of a film
romp of a film .
romp that has something to say .
The best revenge may just be living well because this film , unlike other Dumas adaptations , is far more likened to a treasure than a lengthy jail sentence .
The best thing
manages to deliver a fair bit of vampire fun .
The band 's courage in the face of official repression is inspiring , especially for aging hippies ( this one included ) .
The best film
The best film about baseball to hit theaters since Field of Dreams .
The best revenge
The band 's courage
The band 's courage in the face of official repression
, this has to be among the rare ones
A mixed bag
n't deny either the tragic loss of two young men in the prime of their talent or the power of this movie
n't be to Clooney fans or adventure buffs , but to moviegoers who enjoy thinking about compelling questions with no easy answers
( Screenwriter ) Pimental took the Farrelly Brothers comedy and feminized it ,
a brilliantly played , deeply unsettling experience
a bunch of talented thesps
most audacious , outrageous
is fascinating
of hopeful
most audacious ,
adventurous young talent
adventurous Indian filmmakers toward a crossover
is filled with humorous observations about the general absurdity of modern life as seen through the eyes outsiders
of the biennial Disney boy movie
of the best films of the year
of the best films of the year with its exploration of the obstacles to happiness
of the best kind : informative , revealing and richly entertaining
of the best of the year
of the best examples of artful Large Format filmmaking you are likely to see anytime soon
of the more serious-minded concerns of other year-end movies
of the most gloriously unsubtle and adrenalized extreme
of the luckiest men
plays as well as it does thanks in large measure to Anspaugh 's three lead actresses .
plays as well as it does thanks in large measure to Anspaugh 's three lead actresses
played with performances that are all understated and touching
play well with the affable cast .
playful spark
playful respite
playfulness and
Return to Neverland manages to straddle the line between another classic for the company and
Grant that for the first time he 'll probably appeal more to guys than to their girlfriends who drag them to this movie for the Hugh factor .
peels layers
peels layers from this character that may well not have existed on paper
another retelling of Alexandre Dumas ' classic .
scoring high
Jeunet
the exception of some fleetingly amusing improvisations by Cedric the Entertainer as Perry 's boss
the excellent cast
to reflect that its visual imagination is breathtaking
to remind one of a really solid Woody Allen film , with its excellent use of New York locales and sharp writing
to reveal his impressively delicate range
to revitalize what is and always has been remarkable about clung-to traditions
up the man in a way to arouse further curiosity in even the most unknowing viewer
We Were Soldiers
We admire this film for its harsh objectivity and refusal to seek our tears , our sympathies .
We 've seen it all before in one form or another , but director Hoffman , with great help from Kevin Kline , makes us care about this latest reincarnation of the world 's greatest teacher
We 've seen it all before in one form or another , but director Hoffman , with great help from Kevin Kline , makes us care about this latest reincarnation of the world 's greatest teacher .
We 're drawn in by the dark luster .
Even with all those rough edges safely sanded down , the American Insomnia is still pretty darned good .
Even if you ca n't pronounce '' gyro '' correctly , you 'll appreciate much of Vardalos ' humor , which transcends ethnic boundaries .
Energetic and boldly provocative .
Energetic and boldly provocative
admire these people 's dedication to their cause or be repelled by their dogmatism , manipulativeness and narrow , fearful view of American life
admire these people 's dedication to their cause or
admire the film 's stately nature and
admire these people 's dedication to their cause
admire these people 's dedication
Stuart Little 2 is a light , fun cheese puff of a movie .
A worthy idea
the best ensemble casts of the year
it offers plenty to ponder and chew on as its unusual relationship slowly unfolds
it offers plenty to ponder and chew on as its unusual relationship slowly unfolds .
it not only invites
it offers gorgeous imagery , effective performances , and an increasingly unsettling sense of foreboding .
it never loses touch with the reality of the grim situation
good stuff
that speaks forcefully enough about the mechanisms of poverty to transcend the rather simplistic filmmaking
lay bare the tragedies of its setting with a good deal of warmth and humor
that shows what great cinema can really do
can be fruitful : ` In Praise of Love ' is the director 's epitaph for himself
Neatly constructed thriller
Neatly constructed thriller .
Neatly
Naomi Watts is terrific as Rachel ; her petite frame and vulnerable persona emphasising her plight and isolation
Naomi Watts is terrific as Rachel
Naomi Watts is terrific as Rachel ;
Nadia 's birthday might not have been such a bad day after all .
spontaneous creativity
often surprises you with unexpected comedy
a remarkable piece
a refreshing absence of cynicism in Stuart Little 2
a remarkable piece of filmmaking
nice wintry look
nice departure
oddly fascinating
oddly fascinating depiction
oddly honest
oddly moving
oddly whimsical
intelligent psychological drama
intelligent psychological drama .
The film is moody , oozing , chilling and heart-warming all at once ... a twisting , unpredictable , cat-and-mouse thriller .
It is a kickass , dense sci-fi action thriller hybrid that delivers and then some .
It is , however , a completely honest , open-hearted film that should appeal to anyone willing to succumb to it .
The film is enriched by an imaginatively mixed cast of antic spirits , headed by Christopher Plummer as the subtlest and most complexly evil Uncle Ralph I 've ever seen in the many film and stage adaptations of the work .
It haunts you , you ca n't forget it , you admire its conception and are able to resolve some of the confusions you had while watching it
intense
the filmmaker 's extraordinary access to Massoud ,
the filmmaker 's extraordinary access to Massoud
the filmmaker 's extraordinary access
the film works as well as it does because of the performances .
the film works
the fare is fair , even coming from the drive-thru
, then look no further , because here it is .
snappy screenplay
leaves us feeling touched and amused by several moments and ideas
smacks of originality
whose riveting memories are rendered with such clarity that it 's as if it all happened only yesterday
smart , sweet and playful
made the first one charming
is otherwise a sumptuous work of B-movie imagination
showcases Davies as a young woman of great charm , generosity and diplomacy
treat for its depiction
wry understanding
remains fairly light ,
remains fairly light , always entertaining , and smartly written
accentuating
accentuating ,
of oral storytelling frozen onto film
has never been more charming than in About a Boy
UB equally spoofs and celebrates the more outre aspects of ` black culture ' and the dorkier aspects of ` white culture , ' even as it points out how inseparable the two are .
Twohy 's a good yarn-spinner , and ultimately the story compels .
Twohy knows how to inflate the mundane into the scarifying , and gets full mileage out of the rolling of a stray barrel or the unexpected blast of a phonograph record .
painters
to be genuinely satisfying
to be exceptional to justify a three hour running time
Young is cool
Young is cool , and
Young is cool ,
Your appreciation of it
is laughingly enjoyable
is loaded with good intentions
is far more appealing
Big Fat Liar is a real charmer
moment gems
is nevertheless efficiently amusing
Japan bustling
Japanese epic
Japanese director Shohei Imamura 's latest film is an odd but ultimately satisfying blend of the sophomoric and the sublime .
provides a very moving and revelatory footnote to the holocaust .
are things to like about Murder By Numbers
Bigelow demonstrates a breadth of vision and an attention to detail that propels her into the upper echelons of the directing world .
are the flamboyant mannerisms that are the trademark of several of his performances .
As a thoughtful and unflinching examination of an alternative lifestyle , Sex with Strangers is a success .
As a thoughtful and unflinching examination of an alternative lifestyle
As a movie
As Schmidt , Nicholson walks with a slow , deliberate gait , chooses his words carefully and subdues his natural exuberance
As a science fiction movie , '' Minority Report '' astounds .
Disney 's more faithful 1950 live-action swashbuckling classic
Disney 's live-action division has a history of releasing cinematic flotsam , but this is one occasion when they have unearthed a rare gem .
Disturbing and brilliant documentary
Disturbing and brilliant documentary .
very pleasing at its best moments
very real
humor wry
humor throughout
humanist ( not to mention gently political ) meditation
humanly
humor about itself , a playful spirit and a game cast
humor and technological finish
creates a stunning , Taxi Driver-esque portrayal of a man teetering on the edge of sanity .
classified as one of those ` alternate reality '
competent direction
competently
competent , unpretentious entertainment
, ' have never been more appropriate .
Exceptionally
Exceptionally well acted by Diane Lane and Richard Gere .
Exhilarating ,
Exhilarating , funny and fun
Exhilarating , funny and fun .
creates a film of near-hypnotic physical beauty even as he tells a story as horrifying as any in the heart-breakingly extensive annals of white-on-black racism
unmistakable , easy joie
classical familiarity
clean fun
to be delightfully compatible here
to be compelling , amusing and unsettling at the same time
's exciting on the field and a story you
's good-natured and sometimes quite funny
overcome blah characters
of dancing and fabulous music
of cute animals and clumsy people
of dedicated artists
Does what should seem impossible
Does what should seem impossible :
I 've yet to find an actual Vietnam War combat movie actually produced by either the North or South Vietnamese , but at least now we 've got something pretty damn close
I 've yet to find an actual Vietnam War combat movie actually produced by either the North or South Vietnamese , but at least now we 've got something pretty damn close .
I Spy is still fun and enjoyable and so aggressively silly that it 's more than a worthwhile effort .
I admire
cinematic ride
Sling Blade and South of Heaven , West of Hell
cinematic poetry
so similar to the 1953 Disney classic
the finest films of the year
Lewis
Les Destinees is , in its quiet , epic way , daring , inventive and refreshingly unusual .
could possibly be more contemptuous of the single female population .
most compelling
most compelling variations
most breathtakingly designed films
most closely
a sophisticated and unsentimental treatment
worked last time , repeats it and adds more characters
almost every single facet of production
almost guaranteed that even the stuffiest cinema goers will laugh their \*\*\* off for an hour-and-a-half
allows a gawky actor like Spall -- who could too easily become comic relief in any other film -- to reveal his impressively delicate range .
allows us to forget that they are actually movie folk
almost anyone 's willingness to believe in it
of a good sitcom
of a peculiar premise with promise
relayed by superb
relatively gore-free
What 's next ?
An endlessly fascinating , landmark movie that is as bold as anything the cinema
An endlessly fascinating , landmark movie that is as bold as anything the cinema has seen in years .
An enchanting film that presents an audacious tour of the past and takes within its warm embrace the bounties of cultural artifacts inside St . Petersburg 's Hermitage Museum .
An endlessly fascinating , landmark movie
An elegant , exquisitely modulated psychological thriller .
An enchanting film that presents an audacious tour of the past and takes within its warm embrace the bounties of cultural artifacts inside St . Petersburg
An effectively creepy , fear-inducing ( not fear-reducing ) film from Japanese director Hideo Nakata , who takes the superstitious curse on chain letters and actually applies it .
An elegant
An enjoyable film
An enjoyable film for the family , amusing and cute for both adults and kids .
I imagined a movie ever could be
I laughed throughout the movie
I like all four of the lead actors a lot
more goodies
tormented by his heritage , using his storytelling ability to honor the many faceless victims
perfect comic timing
perfect material
perfect for the proud warrior that still lingers in the souls of these characters
perceptive , good-natured movie
perceptive , good-natured
perfect teaming
perfect movie
It 's traditional moviemaking all the way , but
J. Lo will earn her share of the holiday box office pie , although this movie makes one thing perfectly clear : She 's a pretty woman , but she 's no working girl .
a movie that has n't been focus-grouped into tedium
are up to the task
self-determination
self-discovery handled with such sensitivity
Watching War Photographer , you come to believe that Nachtwey hates the wars he shows and empathizes with the victims he reveals .
is a wonderful thing
is a wonderful thing ;
is a wonderful thing ; that he has been able to share his story so compellingly with us is a minor miracle
is a welcome lack of pretension about the film , which very simply sets out to entertain and ends up delivering in good measure .
is a winner
is a winner .
is a winning comedy that excites the imagination and tickles the funny bone
Watching this gentle , mesmerizing portrait of a man coming to terms with time
Watching this film , one is left with the inescapable conclusion that Hitchens ' obsession with Kissinger is , at bottom , a sophisticated flower child 's desire to purge the world of the tooth and claw of human power .
is a wonderful thing ; that he has been able to share his story so compellingly with us is a minor miracle .
is a young artist 's thoughtful consideration of fatherhood
the heart soar .
the double-cross that made Mamet 's `` House of Games '' and last fall 's `` Heist '' so much fun
the droll scene-stealing wit and wolfish pessimism of Anna Chancellor that makes this `` Two Weddings and a Funeral '' fun
many different ideas from happiness
directs the traffic
directs the traffic well ,
directs and edits around his screenplay 's sappier elements
director Denis Villeneuve 's beating heart and
the level of classic romantic comedy to which it aspires
the level of intelligence and visual splendour that can be seen in other films
A weird little movie that 's amusing enough while you watch it , offering fine acting moments and pungent insights into modern L . A . 's show-biz
Wasabi is slight fare indeed , with the entire project having the feel of something tossed off quickly ( like one of Hubert 's punches ) , but it should go down smoothly enough with popcorn .
A weird little movie that 's amusing enough while you watch it , offering fine acting moments and pungent insights into modern L . A . 's show-biz and media subcultures .
A weird little movie that 's amusing enough while you watch it , offering fine acting moments and pungent insights into modern L . A . 's show-biz and media subcultures . But it does n't leave you with much
has energy
has a plot that rivals shakespeare for intrigue , treachery and murder
has a few nice twists in a standard plot and the charisma of hugh grant and sandra bullock
harvard aspires
more closely resembles this year 's version of Tomcats
its courage , ideas , technical proficiency and
The concept behind Kung Pow : Enter the Fist is hilarious
The concept behind Kung Pow : Enter the Fist is hilarious .
The characters are interesting and often very creatively constructed from figure to backstory .
The delicious
The delicious trimmings
's finally been given a part worthy of her considerable talents
who 's seen George Roy Hill 's 1973 film , `` The Sting
who approaches his difficult , endless work with remarkable serenity and discipline .
whirlwind
many artists
who build a seamless ensemble
you gotta give director Roger Michell , best known for the superfluous Notting Hill , credit for trying .
you get into its rhythm
critics be damned .
There are as many misses as hits , but ultimately , it finds humor in the foibles of human behavior , and it 's a welcome return to the roots of a genre that should depend on surprises .
This delicately observed story , deeply felt and masterfully stylized ,
is a happy , heady jumble of thought and storytelling , an insane comic undertaking that ultimately coheres into a sane and breathtakingly creative film
such an engrossing story that will capture the minds and hearts of many
is a happy , heady jumble of thought and storytelling , an insane comic undertaking that ultimately coheres into a sane and breathtakingly creative film .
of this bittersweet , uncommonly sincere movie that portrays the frank humanity of ... emotional recovery
of things that elevate '' Glory '' above most of its ilk , most notably the mere presence of Duvall
Shattering , devastating documentary on two maladjusted teens in a downward narcotized spiral .
She is a lioness ,
She is a lioness
the special spark between the characters that made the first film such a delight
is a gorgeous and deceptively minimalist cinematic tone poem
A dream cast of solid female talent who build a seamless ensemble . There is n't a weak or careless performance amongst them .
is a great film
minty fresh
closer to the mark
more ingeniously constructed
of Russian cultural identity and a stunning technical achievement
watching a dress rehearsal the week
it 's tremendously moving
and amaze them and amuse them
and as fun
and an unnerving , heartbeat-like score
of the most ingenious and entertaining thrillers i
of the most high-concept sci fi adventures attempted for the screen
you wo n't want to miss
you will enjoy seeing how both evolve
the era of Richard Nixon
you will also learn a good deal about the state of the music business in the 21st Century
and both leads are up to the task .
and brilliant documentary
the mood for a Bollywood film
and authentic
and beautiful
and beautifully
and beautifully shot and scored
and because the owners seem fully aware of the uses and abuses of fame , it 's a pleasure to enjoy their eccentricities .
and become self-made celebrity athletes
and bizarrely original
of cynicism in Stuart Little 2 -- quite a rarity , even in the family film market . Eventually , it wins you over
colorful characters
colorful , dramatized PBS program
, he 'll get the girl
to take us on his sentimental journey of the heart . It really is a shame that more wo n't get an opportunity to embrace small , sweet ` Evelyn
to the Afghani refugees who streamed across its borders , desperate for work and food
a full-blooded film
a funny moment
believable story
This is the kind of movie that you only need to watch for about thirty seconds before you say to yourself , ` Ah , yes ,
a delightful , witty , improbable romantic comedy with a zippy jazzy score
a delightful , witty , improbable romantic comedy
a delightful comedy centering on food
a delightful comedy
to love the big , dumb , happy movie My Big Fat Greek Wedding
Renner ? s face is chillingly unemotive , yet he communicates a great deal in his performance .
to listen to new sides of a previous reality , and to visit with some of the people who were able to make an impact in the theater world
11-year-old boys with sports dreams of their own
Remove Spider-Man the movie from its red herring surroundings and it 's apparent that this is one summer film that satisfies
much funnier than anything
are very , very good reasons for certain movies
are well done and perfectly
are well done and perfectly constructed to convey a sense of childhood imagination
are worth particular attention
are worth the price of admission
An intimate contemplation of two marvelously
An intimate contemplation of two marvelously messy lives .
An intimate contemplation
who 's fallen under the sweet , melancholy spell of this unique director 's previous films
provides a very moving and revelatory footnote to the holocaust
provides
proud
white-knuckled and unable to look away
Lisa Rinzler 's cinematography may be lovely ,
Lisa Rinzler 's cinematography may be lovely
be utterly entranced by its subject and
updating White 's dry wit to a new age
director Anne Fontaine
period drag ,
, freaky and funny
, deeply thought-provoking look
, dreamlike visuals
, dumb , happy
, energetic music ,
, Paid in Full has clever ways of capturing inner-city life during the Reagan years .
an absolute joy
an accomplished actress
an achievement
an act of spiritual faith
, Narc takes a walking-dead , cop-flick subgenre and beats new life into it .
, Never Again is a welcome and heartwarming addition to the romantic comedy genre .
, Nolan 's penetrating undercurrent of cerebral and cinemantic flair lends ( it ) stimulating depth .
Davis the performer is plenty fetching enough ,
elusive , lovely place
elusive , lovely
a likable story
a likable story ,
a lightweight story about matchmaking
a likable story , told with competence
( director ) O'Fallon manages to put some lovely pictures up on the big screen
Marshall keeps the energy humming ,
Marshall keeps the energy humming , and
Margarita Happy Hour represents an auspicious feature debut for Chaiken .
transcends our preconceived vision of the Holy Land and its inhabitants ,
most intelligent viewers
off-beat and fanciful film
can make interesting a subject you thought would leave you cold
a renowned indian film
a renowned indian film culture
a renowned indian film culture that allows americans to finally revel in its splendor
a romantic
a romantic comedy
most interesting
taking its message seriously
shows uncanny skill in getting under the skin of her characters
most ingenious film
shows off a lot of stamina and vitality ,
shows off a lot of stamina and vitality , and
shows off a lot of stamina and vitality
's easy to be cynical about documentaries in which underdogs beat the odds and the human spirit triumphs
's endgame
's easy to love Robin Tunney
's enough to watch Huppert scheming , with her small , intelligent eyes as steady as any noir villain , and to enjoy the perfectly pitched web of tension that Chabrol spins
wonderfully sympathetic
wonderfully warm
wonderfully sprawling
wonderfully sprawling soap opera
wonderfully warm human drama
spunk and promise
screen presence
screenplay to keep the film entertaining
Standing by Yourself is haunting ... ( It 's ) what punk rock music used to be , and what the video medium could use more of : spirit , perception , conviction .
the feel of a summer popcorn movie
gets vivid , convincing performances from a fine cast
gets vivid , convincing performances
gets under our skin and draws us in long before the plot kicks into gear
gets us
gets under your skin and , some plot blips aside
the genuinely funny jokes
of big , colorful characters
my ribcage
be a cut above the norm
mysterious , sensual ,
wanted so badly for the protagonist
want to watch if you only had a week to live
cohesive story
where few American films dare to delve
show some presence and star quality
showcases Carvey 's talent for voices ,
showcases Carvey 's talent for voices
of sensitive observation
like you 've seen a movie instead of an endless trailer
like you 've actually spent time living in another community
like to skip but film buffs should get to know
a sufficient explanation
like to be a New Yorker -- or , really , to be a human being -- in the weeks after 9\/11
likeable thanks to its cast , its cuisine and its quirky tunes
levity
he 's shaking up a classic the way Kenneth Branagh and Baz Luhrmann have
he 's making Dog Day Afternoon with a cause
builds up a head of emotional steam
in anything ever , and easily the most watchable film of the year
in artful , watery tones of blue , green and brown
in an irresistible junior-high way ,
in answering them
shapes history
gradually and artfully draws us into a world where the personal and the political get
gradually and artfully
put a lump in your throat while reaffirming Washington as possibly the best actor working in movies today
put together a bold biographical fantasia
put to perfect use in the breathtakingly beautiful outer-space documentary Space Station 3D
are John Leguizamo 's cool jackets .
gotta give director Roger Michell , best known for the superfluous Notting Hill , credit for trying
as its origins in an Anne Rice novel dictate
difficult to spot the culprit early-on in this predictable thriller
a fanciful film about the typical problems of average people
a fanciful film
a fascinating curiosity piece
a fanciful motion picture
as his most vital work since GoodFellas
as in Ratcatcher , remains a filmmaker with an acid viewpoint and a real gift for teasing chilly poetry out of lives and settings that might otherwise seem drab and sordid .
authentic Christmas spirit
audacious ambitions
attributable to a movie like this
... represents a spectacular piece of theater
... revenge is sweet !
thrillers actually thrilled
thrilling movie
director\/co-writer Jacques Audiard , though little known in this country , belongs in the very top rank of French filmmakers
A simple tale
A shimmeringly lovely coming-of-age portrait , shot in artful , watery tones of blue , green and brown .
A shimmeringly lovely coming-of-age portrait
A sharp satire of desperation and cinematic deception .
is economically packed with telling scenes .
is effective
is enough originality in ` Life ' to distance it from the pack of paint-by-number romantic comedies that so often end up on cinema screens
is enough originality in ` Life ' to distance it from the pack of paint-by-number romantic comedies that so often end up on cinema screens .
is effective .
of particular interest to students and enthusiast of international dance and world music
of particular interest to students and enthusiast of international dance and world music , the film is designed to make viewers of all ages
of movie that invites you to pick apart its faults even as you have to admit that somehow it hit you where you live
of necessary discussion points
clever and captivating
the first film so special
the steady pulse
the steady pulse of life
the stories are quietly moving .
equally engrossing
fascinate me
fascinating stories
fascinating but choppy documentary
presents an interesting , even sexy premise
presents a frightening and compelling ` What if ? ' scenario that will give most parents pause
presents classic moral-condundrum drama : What would you have done to survive ? The problem with the film is whether these ambitions , laudable in themselves , justify a theatrical simulation of the death camp of Auschwitz II-Birkenau
kindness and hopefulness
kind of heartwarming
kindness and
kindness
kitschy goodwill
, it 's quite fun in places
, it 's just another sports drama\/character study . Yet this one makes up for in heart what it lacks in outright newness . Plus , like I already mentioned ... it 's Robert Duvall ! C'mon !
It 's an exhilarating place to visit , this laboratory of laughter .
, it 's hard to figure the depth of these two literary figures , and even the times in which they lived . But they fascinate in their recklessness .
, it 's still a sweet , even delectable diversion .
, it 's thanks to Huston 's revelatory performance .
are really going to love The Piano Teacher .
are quite admirable
are portrayed with almost supernatural powers to humble , teach and ultimately redeem their mentally `` superior '' friends , family ...
, easily rivaling Blair Witch or The Others
, edgy
, elliptical film
, entertaining period drama ... both Caine and Fraser have their moments .
One of the best films of the year with its exquisite acting , inventive screenplay , mesmerizing music , and many inimitable scenes
One of the best films of the year with its exquisite acting , inventive screenplay , mesmerizing music , and many inimitable scenes of tenderness , loss , discontent , and yearning
One of the best films of the year with its exquisite acting , inventive screenplay , mesmerizing music , and many inimitable scenes of tenderness , loss , discontent , and yearning .
One of recent memory 's most thoughtful films about art , ethics , and the cost of moral compromise .
One of the best films
One of the best films I have ever seen , constantly pulling the rug from underneath us , seeing things from new sides , plunging deeper , getting more intense .
One of the best inside-show-biz yarns ever .
One of the best movies of the year
love , communal discord ,
lovably
Every good actor
all comes together to create a very compelling , sensitive , intelligent and almost cohesive piece of film entertainment
more than you can say for plenty of movies that flow through the Hollywood pipeline without a hitch
myself wrapped up in the visuals and eccentricities of many of the characters
us a hero whose suffering and triumphs we can share
my preferred way of spending 100 minutes or $ 7 . 00
updating works surprisingly well
thick with wit it plays like a reading from Bartlett 's Familiar Quotations
seems as safe as a children 's film . Well , in some of those
to make us care about Zelda 's ultimate fate
to make us share their enthusiasm
to make up for the ones that do n't come off
to make the most sincere and artful movie in which Adam Sandler will probably ever appear
to make its subject interesting to those who are n't part of its supposed target audience . Judging by those standards , ` Scratch ' is a pretty decent little documentary
to marry science fiction with film noir and action flicks with philosophical inquiry
its clever concept
rare
rare to find a film that dazzles the eye , challenges the brain , and satisfies our lust for fast-paced action
purpose
As immaculate as Stuart Little 2 is , it could be a lot better if it were , well , more adventurous .
As elegantly crafted as it often is
Brilliant ! '
Brilliant !
neatly into the category of Good Stupid Fun .
necessarily apply
interpret the film 's end as hopeful or optimistic
watch the film
very compelling or much fun
very compelling , sensitive , intelligent and almost cohesive piece
very compelling or
very dark and very funny
upbeat
very much in the mold of feel-good movies
Cho 's fans are sure to be entertained ;
is a kickass , dense sci-fi action thriller hybrid that delivers and then some
Cho 's fans are sure to be entertained
Driving
considerable appeal
with attractive men
is a kickass , dense sci-fi action thriller hybrid that delivers and then some .
with appropriate ferocity and thoughtfulness
with an undeniable energy
with big heart
Drumline is -- the mere suggestion , albeit a visually compelling one , of a fully realized story .
is a little like a chocolate milk moustache ...
adventure movie
adventurous Indian filmmakers
like Ravel 's Bolero
like RINGU when you 've seen the remake first . Many of the effective horror elements are dampened through familiarity , ( yet ) are worthwhile
like Shiner 's organizing of the big fight , pulls off enough
a soothing formula
a soothing
a smart , romantic drama that dares to depict the french revolution from the aristocrats ' perspective
a sock-you-in-the-eye flick that is a visual tour-de-force and a story that is unlike any
a sock-you-in-the-eye
seems to be having a wonderful time
, sent my spirit soaring out of the theater
stolid and earnest
for most of the characters
for its spasms of absurdist humor
, showing impressive control , both visually and in the writing
to see a three-dimensional , average , middle-aged woman 's experience of self-discovery handled with such sensitivity
leaden closing act
you rode the Zipper after eating a corn dog and an extra-large cotton candy
with so much first-rate talent
with some glimpses of nature and family warmth
with something cool
it 's worth checking out for the performances alone .
the true potential of the medium
's about following your dreams , no matter what your parents think . Socrates motions for hemlock .
Trapped wo n't score points for political correctness , but it may cause parents a few sleepless hours -- a sign of its effectiveness .
Transforms one of ( Shakespeare 's ) deepest tragedies
Transforms one of ( Shakespeare 's ) deepest tragedies into a smart new comedy .
the terrific performances by Christopher Plummer , as the prime villain , and
the utter cuteness of Stuart and
the sort of delicate , articulate character -
has all the outward elements of the original
has all the earmarks of French cinema at its best
has all the earmarks of French cinema at its best .
has about 25 minutes of decent material .
local commerce
has a whip-smart sense of narrative bluffs .
Greengrass
local
Greene delivers a typically solid performance in a role that is a bit of a departure from the noble characters he has played in the past , and he is matched by Schweig , who carries the film on his broad , handsome shoulders .
Greene delivers a typically solid performance in a role that is a bit of a departure from the noble characters he has played in the past
Greengrass has delivered an undoubted stylistic tour-de-force , and has managed elements such as sound and cinematography with skill
Griffin 's smartly nuanced performance
will be in warthog heaven
will catch some off guard
wildly funny
his intellectual rigor or
his intellectual rigor
his impressions of life and loss and time and art with us
his impressions of life and loss and
his imagination so vivid
his heart
crammed with scenes and vistas and pretty moments
with all of those terrific songs and spirited performances
( Sade ) is an unsettlingly familiar figure -- in turns loyal and deceitful , responsible and reckless , idealistically selfless and coldly self-interested .
( T ) his beguiling Belgian fable
the last time I saw an audience laugh so much during a movie
he somehow pulls it off
( Næs ) directed the stage version of Elling , and gets fine performances from his two leads who originated the characters on stage .
Top-notch
Too damn weird to pass up , and for the blacklight crowd , way cheaper ( and better ) than Pink Floyd tickets .
each interesting
Tosca is a real treat .
Top-notch action powers this romantic drama
too much fun
very much like the first movie based on J . K .
`` Auto Focus '' works as an unusual biopic and document of male swingers in the Playboy era
`` Antwone Fisher '' is an earnest , by-the-numbers effort by Washington .
`` Austin Powers in Goldmember '' has the right stuff for silly summer entertainment and has enough laughs to sustain interest to the end .
it 's compelling
comfort in familiarity
evoke any sort of naturalism on the set
evoke memories and emotions which are anything
everywhere
The first five minutes will have you talking 'til the end of the year
The first Bond movie in ages that is n't fake fun
The first Bond movie in ages that is n't fake fun .
The first Tunisian film I have ever seen , and it 's also probably the most good-hearted yet sensual entertainment I 'm likely to see all year
The first Tunisian film I have ever seen , and it 's also probably the most good-hearted yet sensual entertainment I 'm likely to see all year .
are all understated and touching
are a lot better
an interesting character
an interesting character , but '' Serving Sara
is clever and insightful
of Cho 's life story , which provided an engrossing dramatic through line
of Christian love and compassion
an intriguing curiosity
suspense on different levels
suspense , intriguing characters and bizarre bank robberies
suspense , intriguing characters and bizarre bank robberies ,
suspense , intriguing characters and bizarre bank robberies , plus a heavy dose of father-and-son dynamics
suspenseful enough
that finally returns De Palma to his pulpy thrillers of the early '80s
sleekly
that first made audiences on both sides of the Atlantic love him
highly spirited
highly spirited , imaginative kid 's movie
highly referential film
highly satisfying
highly satisfying quotient
higher than he 's been in a while
highest production values
highly entertaining
is commentary enough
's - sake communal spirit goes to the essence of Broadway .
's ) quite a bit of heart , as you would expect from the directors of The Little Mermaid and Aladdin .
's Dench who really steals the show
see this movie , even though everyone in my group extemporaneously shouted
see some interesting storytelling devices
Caddyshack
a precise and moving portrait of someone
a preordained '' big moment ''
a preordained '' big moment '' will occur
a pretty amazing accomplishment
a powerful drama
a powerful drama with enough sardonic wit
a powerful drama with enough sardonic wit to keep it from being maudlin
a powerful young actor
can handle
a few points about modern man and his problematic quest for human connection
a few new swings thrown in
a few gut-busting laughs
a few movie moment gems
a few new swings
the artist 's work may take on a striking new significance for anyone who sees the film
the power and grace
But the actors make this worth a peek .
as good a job as anyone
as guarded as a virgin with a chastity belt . That 's why Sex and Lucia is so alluring
as he was about inner consciousness
too \/ You both look and sound great .
So original in its base concept that you can not help but get caught up .
So fiendishly cunning that even the most jaded cinema audiences will leave the auditorium feeling dizzy , confused , and totally disorientated .
So genial is the conceit , this is one of those rare pictures that you root for throughout , dearly hoping that the rich promise of the script will be realized on the screen .
Nicholson 's understated performance is wonderful . As Warren he stumbles in search of all the emotions and life experiences he 's neglected over the years .
filling
up for in intelligence and B-grade stylishness
up for as loosey-goosey , experimental entertainment . Still
triumphs
film radar
true fans
as simultaneously funny ,
as simultaneously funny , offbeat
as simultaneously funny
as outstanding as director Bruce McCulloch
a Hartley fan
saw the potential success inherent in the mixture of Bullock Bubble and Hugh Goo
savvy producer
savvy , compelling
savory and hilarious
savory and
savory
savor the pleasure of his sounds and images
But that they are doing it is thought-provoking .
fresh again
from military epics
Eyes
to be a wacky , screwball comedy
you wo n't be able to look away for a second
you wo n't be disappointed
you wo n't feel like it 's wasted yours
very solid , very watchable first feature
innovation
from its ripe recipe , inspiring ingredients ,
is gripping , as are the scenes of Jia with his family .
from its ripe recipe , inspiring ingredients , certified
Fans will undoubtedly enjoy it ,
literal and spiritual torpor
you find yourself rooting for Gai 's character to avoid the fate that has befallen every other Carmen before her
Although Estela Bravo 's documentary is cloyingly hagiographic in its portrait of Cuban leader Fidel Castro , it 's still a guilty pleasure to watch .
Although bright , well-acted and thought-provoking
Falls neatly into the category of Good Stupid Fun .
Exquisitely nuanced in mood tics and dialogue , this chamber drama is superbly acted by the deeply appealing veteran Bouquet and the chilling but quite human Berling .
Exquisitely nuanced in mood tics and dialogue
Exquisitely acted and masterfully if preciously interwoven ... ( the film ) addresses in a fascinating , intelligent manner the intermingling of race , politics and local commerce .
Exquisitely acted and masterfully if preciously interwoven
are more deeply thought through than in most ` right-thinking ' films
are n't - kids-cute sentimentality by a warmth that is n't faked and a stately sense of composition
are n't - kids-cute sentimentality by a warmth that is n't faked and a stately sense of composition .
are natural and lovely
a serious work by an important director who has something new to say about how , in the flip-flop of courtship , we often reel in when we should be playing out
Dazzling in its complexity , disturbing for its extraordinary themes , The Piano Teacher is a film that defies categorisation .
will be rewarded with two of the year 's most accomplished and riveting film performances
with buddies Chris Rock , Garry Shandling and Colin Quinn
will be rewarded by Borstal Boy
Cuba Gooding Jr .
is enjoyable family fare
is energized by Volletta Wallace 's maternal fury , her fearlessness
is either a more rigid , Blair Witch-style commitment to its mockumentary format , or a more straightforward , dramatic treatment , with all the grandiosity that that implies
is duly impressive in IMAX dimensions , as are shots of the astronauts floating in their cabins .
is emerging in world cinema
is elevated by Michael Caine 's performance as a weary journalist in a changing world .
is elevated by Michael Caine 's performance as a weary journalist in a changing world
will almost certainly be fascinated , and undoubtedly delighted
will probably like it .
will remind them that Hong Kong action cinema is still alive and kicking
will remind them that Hong Kong action cinema is still alive and kicking .
with dazzling camera-work , dancing and music
passable enough for a shoot-out in the o . k . court house
clearly well-meaning and sincere
classic
clearly well-meaning
clearly well-meaning and
cinematic
make it worth watching
why people get a kick out of watching them today
irrepressible passion
on great scares and a good surprise ending
, most pleasurable expressions of pure movie love to come from an American director in years .
, more of an impish divertissement of themes that interest Attal and Gainsbourg -- they live together -- the film has a lot of charm .
, melodrama , sorrow , laugther , and tears
that are equally lovely but also relentlessly brutal and brutally intelligent
, moving , and adventurous directorial debut
it accumulates power and depth
were made to share the silver screen
its unusual relationship
its subject a movie worthy of his talents
its two predecessors
its truths with spellbinding imagery and the entrancing music of Philip Glass
The enjoyable Undercover Brother , a zany mix of Saturday Night Live-style parody , '70s Blaxploitation films and goofball action comedy gone wild ,
to be focused and sincere
Chan has done in the United States
Mummy and The Mummy Returns
the perfect ingredients
ultimate
have no problem giving it an unqualified recommendation
, and better
are fantasti
are every bit as distinctive as his visuals .
the franchise 's best years
's hard to know what to praise first
do so again-courage , self-sacrifice and patience
do some of their best work in their underwritten roles , but
do some of their best work in their underwritten roles ,
, completely joyful
, compassionate drama
, character-driven comedy
, charming movie allows us to see them , finally , as artists .
, casts mostly little-known performers in key roles , and introduces some intriguing ambiguity
, but viewers willing to take a chance will be rewarded with two of the year 's most accomplished and riveting film performances .
have its charms
funny , smart , visually inventive ,
funny , smart , visually inventive , and
funny , smart , visually inventive , and most
funniness
funny , triumphant ,
have loved it
some entertainment value - how much depends on how well you like
is moody , oozing , chilling and heart-warming all at once ... a twisting , unpredictable , cat-and-mouse thriller
some ingenious plot devices and some
of gags that rely on the strength of their own cleverness
of gentle longing
of gently swaying back and forth as it cradles its characters , veiling tension beneath otherwise tender movements
of genuine depth
of going where no man has gone before , but several movies have - take heart .
the pleasures of over-the-top love
a wonderful tale
a wonderful tale of love and destiny
a winning ensemble comedy that shows Canadians can put gentle laughs and equally gentle sentiments on the button , just as easily as their counterparts anywhere else in the world
a wonderfully creepy mood
a work by an artist
thrills , suspense
thrilling , touching or , yikes , uproarious
making Kahlo 's art a living , breathing part of the movie , often
thrills ,
thrilling moments and
, but fun .
making Kahlo 's art a living , breathing part of the movie ,
to an unending soundtrack of beach party pop numbers
has crafted an intriguing story of maternal instincts and misguided acts of affection
has crafted a solid formula for successful animated movies
has crafted an intriguing story of maternal instincts and misguided acts of affection .
has brought unexpected gravity to Blade II
has compelling new material
has come to New York City to replace past tragedy with the American Dream
has created a breathtakingly assured and stylish work of spare dialogue and acute expressiveness .
has created a breathtakingly assured and stylish work of spare dialogue and acute expressiveness
choosing his roles with the precision of the insurance actuary
serves as a paper skeleton for some very good acting , dialogue ,
the Home Alone formula
the courageous Molly Craig
Damon 's ability to be focused and sincere
five contemporary individuals
serves as a paper skeleton for some very good acting , dialogue , comedy , direction and especially charm .
making Kahlo 's art a living , breathing part of the movie
serves as a paper skeleton for some very good acting , dialogue , comedy , direction and especially charm
its superstar
its story is n't bogged down by idiocy involving the CIA and a lost U . S . satellite
its strong cast
made Spy Kids a surprising winner with both adults and younger audiences
dearly
about compassion , sacrifice , and Christian love
matches the page-turning frenzy
matches the page-turning frenzy that Clancy creates .
match his ambition
masterpieces
match the freshness of the actress-producer and writer
material realm
about female friendship that men can embrace and women
the courage of its convictions and excellent performances on its side
leaving you with some laughs and a smile on your face
left me feeling refreshed and hopeful .
left me feeling refreshed and hopeful
There are touching moments in Etoiles ,
There are touching moments in Etoiles
you expect of De Palma , but what makes it transporting is that it 's also one of the smartest
found it intriguing , bizarre , Dogma-like in spots - and quite truthful , in its way
is intensely personal and yet -- unlike Quills -- deftly shows us the temper of the times .
is infectious
is intensely personal
is in the right place ... innocent and well-meaning
found The Ring moderately absorbing , largely for its elegantly colorful look and sound .
the most purely enjoyable and satisfying evenings at the movies
Literary purists may not be pleased , but as far as mainstream matinee-style entertainment goes , it does a bang-up job of pleasing the crowds .
and Elizabeth Hurley
takes a walking-dead , cop-flick subgenre and beats new life into it .
takes care
takes a stand in favor of tradition and warmth
takes a walking-dead , cop-flick subgenre and beats new life into it
takes care with the characters , who are so believable that you feel what they feel .
takes care with the characters , who are so believable that you feel what they feel
independent ; the one where actors play
wise and knowing
will probably be perfectly happy with the sloppy slapstick comedy
will be far more interesting to the soderbergh faithful than it will be to the casual moviegoer who might be lured in by julia roberts ...
will be to the casual moviegoer who might be lured in by julia roberts
will probably
takes you somewhere
a great performance
a good stepping stone
a good page-turner
a good time
a good stepping stone for director Sprecher
a great adventure
a good time at the movies
a great humanitarian and her vibrant ` co-stars
a great humanitarian
It puts Washington , as honest working man John Q . Archibald , on a pedestal , then keeps lifting the pedestal higher .
It never quite makes it to the boiling point , but manages to sustain a good simmer for most of its running time .
captures the wonder and menace of growing up
capable of engendering an emotional response of any kind
capturing the climate of the times and , perhaps unwittingly
capturing the climate of the times and , perhaps unwittingly ,
Beers , who , when she 's given the right lines , can charm the paint off the wall ...
colors the picture in some evocative shades
much lurking below its abstract surface
color and creativity
colorful bio-pic
colorful , vibrant introduction
the movie completely transfixes the audience .
Authentic
Upper West Sidey
- , Irish
soft , percolating magic
so lovingly
so funny , aggressive and alive
so much enjoyable to watch as it is enlightening to listen to new sides of a previous reality , and to visit with some of the people who were able to make an impact in the theater world
so lovingly and perceptively filmed that you can almost taste the desiccated air
so much fun with the slapstick antics and silly street patois
it counts heart as important as humor
so well , that even a simple '' Goddammit ! '' near the end takes on a whole other meaning .
deadpan cool , wry humor
from the page
dead-on
unlock the full potential of what is in many ways a fresh and dramatically substantial spin on the genre
unlike most animaton from Japan , the characters move with grace and panache
For something as splendid-looking as this particular film
looking good
trails
appetizer that leaves you wanting more .
appetizer that leaves you wanting more
appetizing
dog soldiers does n't transcend genre -- it embraces it , energizes it and takes big bloody chomps out of it
is great
is good-natured and never dull
is great material for a film -- rowdy , brawny and lyrical in the best Irish sense
is great fun to watch performing in a film that is only mildly diverting
get past the fantastical aspects and harsh realities of '' The Isle '' you 'll get a sock-you-in-the-eye flick that is a visual tour-de-force and a story that is unlike any
get a kick out of watching them today
genuine tenderness
get an ` A ' for originality
gambol fluidly through the story , with charming results .
gentle , compassionate drama
gem
What bubbles up out of John C . Walsh 's Pipe Dream is the distinct and very welcome sense of watching intelligent people making a movie
What bubbles up out of John C . Walsh 's Pipe Dream is the distinct and very welcome sense of watching intelligent people making a movie they might actually want to watch .
What a bewilderingly brilliant and entertaining
What Time offers Tsai 's usual style and themes
What ` Dumb and Dumber ' would have been without the vulgarity and with an intelligent , life-affirming script
What a concept
What a concept , what an idea , what a thrill ride . This is a more fascinating look at the future than '' Bladerunner '' and one of the most high-concept sci fi adventures attempted for the screen .
What a bewilderingly brilliant and entertaining movie
What a bewilderingly brilliant and entertaining movie this is .
His characters are engaging
Here , thankfully
High on melodrama . But it 's emotionally engrossing , too , thanks to strong , credible performances from the whole cast .
High Fidelity
submerged here ,
subjugate truth
watch with kids and use to introduce video as art
everything we 've come to expect from movies nowadays .
exactly what it wants to be
a non-stop funny feast of warmth , colour and cringe
a part of us that can not help be entertained by the sight of someone getting away with something
a perfect family film to take everyone to since there 's no new `` A Christmas Carol '' out in the theaters this year
genuinely engaging performers
genuinely pretty
genuine heart
genuine mind-bender .
genial is the conceit , this is one of those rare pictures that you root for throughout , dearly hoping that the rich promise of the script will be realized on the screen
genial is the conceit , this is one of those rare pictures that you root for throughout
genial is the conceit , this is one of those rare pictures that you root for throughout ,
without being shrill
provides an amazing performance that dwarfs everything else in the film
The film is darkly funny in its observation of just how much more grueling and time-consuming the illusion of work is than actual work .
be a gift
and fun
of Meeropol entertaining his children to create his song history , but most powerful of all
provides perspective with his intelligent grasp of human foibles and contradictions .
has taken promising material for a black comedy and
not to mention leaving you with some laughs and a smile on your face
not to mention mysterious , sensual , emotionally intense , and replete with virtuoso throat-singing
not to be swept away by the sheer beauty of his images
feel fresh
The cast is top-notch and I predict there will be plenty of female audience members drooling over Michael Idemoto as Michael
and good-natured
you examine your own life in much the same way its characters do
Corcuera manages to find the seeds of hope in the form of collective action
be a fascinating ,
feel a nagging sense of deja vu
Country
feel compelled to watch the film twice or pick up a book on the subject
somehow pulls it off .
Crackerjack entertainment -- nonstop romance , music , suspense and action
somehow manages to bring together Kevin Pollak , former wrestler Chyna and Dolly Parton
Crackerjack entertainment --
to develop an energy level
The cast is top-notch and I predict there will be plenty of female audience members drooling over Michael Idemoto as Michael .
beautifully to filming the teeming life on the reefs , making this gorgeous film a must for everyone from junior scientists to grown-up fish lovers
beautifully acted
beautiful stars
beautiful , thought-provoking foreign cinema
beautiful city
popular Gulzar and Jagjit Singh
popcorn adventure
is ) a fascinating character
Almost everyone growing up believes their family must look like '' The Addams Family '' to everyone looking in ... '' My Big Fat Greek Wedding '' comes from the heart ...
story to show us why it 's compelling
good bits
good acting
good actor
good ( successful )
good .
good ( successful ) rental
this engaging film
the best films of the year with its exquisite acting , inventive screenplay , mesmerizing music , and many inimitable scenes
provocative , insistently humanizing
beyond the momentary joys of pretty and weightless intellectual entertainment
beyond its formula
is well told
is what we call the ` wow ' factor
is what we call the ` wow ' factor .
is strange and compelling
the best date movie of the year
is strong as always
mostly magnificent directorial career
the best brush
mostly to the tongue-in-cheek attitude of the screenplay
a kid again
a kind of attentive concern
a joke at once flaky and resonant , lightweight and bizarrely original .
a joyful effusion
a joyful effusion of disco Bollywood that , by the end of Monsoon Wedding , sent my spirit soaring out of the theater
a kickass , dense sci-fi action thriller hybrid
a kickass , dense sci-fi action thriller hybrid that delivers
Funny and touching .
of fun , with an undeniable energy
Funny and touching
prevails
constructed to convey a sense of childhood imagination
if you 've paid a matinee price and bought a big tub of popcorn , there 's guilty fun to be had here . Chomp chomp
and visually fulsome
's an interesting effort ( particularly for JFK conspiracy nuts )
's an experience in understanding a unique culture that is presented with universal appeal .
's an experience in understanding a unique culture that is presented with universal appeal
's an enjoyable trifle nonetheless
Several degrees
's an acquired taste that takes time to enjoy
's always fascinating to watch Marker the essayist at work .
Fun and
our eyes
Full of surprises .
the special effects and narrative flow much improved
us on an examination of young adult life in urban South Korea through the hearts and minds of the five principals
( bizarre , funny , tragic - like love in New York )
are the terrific performances by Christopher Plummer , as the prime villain , and Nathan Lane as Vincent Crummles , the eccentric theater company manager .
Ejemplo de una cinta en que no importa el talento de su reparto o lo interesante que pudo haber resultado su premisa , pues el resultado es francamente aburrido y , por momentos , deplorable . '
Elegantly
gives it an honest , lived-in glow .
Elegantly produced and
Ejemplo
Elegantly produced and expressively performed
Elegantly produced and expressively performed , the six musical numbers crystallize key plot moments into minutely detailed wonders of dreamlike ecstasy .
, all-enveloping movie experience
, amusing , tender and heart-wrenching
, also like its hero , it remains brightly optimistic , coming through in the end
, and at times uncommonly moving
poetry in motion captured
poetry in motion captured on film
poetry
poetry in girls
poetry in motion captured on film . while it can be a bit repetitive ,
poetry in motion captured on film . while it can be a bit repetitive , overall
poetry in motion captured on film .
poetry in motion captured on film . while it can be a bit repetitive
poetry in motion captured on film . while it can be a bit repetitive , overall it
poetry in motion captured on film . while it can be a bit repetitive , overall it 's an entertaining and informative documentary
... tremendous energy from the cast , a sense of playfulness and excitement that seems appropriate
... tremendous energy from the cast , a sense of playfulness and excitement
Sophisticated
We 've seen the hippie-turned-yuppie plot before , but there 's an enthusiastic charm in Fire that makes the formula fresh again .
... the reason to go see '' Blue Crush ''
the sweetest thing , a romantic comedy with outrageous tendencies , may be a mess in a lot of ways
the sweetest
the sweetest thing
of things that elevate `` Glory '' above most of its ilk , most notably the mere presence of Duvall
of the year 's most enjoyable releases
of the world 's best actors , Daniel Auteuil ,
very bright
very interesting
us
us to see them , finally , as artists
The first shocking thing about Sorority Boys is that it 's actually watchable . Even more baffling is that it 's funny .
The footage of the rappers at play and the prison interview with Suge Knight
takes Kurys ' career to a whole new level
- kids-cute sentimentality by a warmth that is n't faked and
take their relationships into deeper waters
- funny level
willing to let the earnestness of its execution and skill of its cast take you down a familiar road with a few twists . Cynics need not apply
-- and at times , All
sweetness with coarseness
sweet and playful
( It ) highlights not so much the crime lord 's messianic bent ,
( I ) t 's certainly laudable that the movie deals with hot-button issues in a comedic context ,
( Villeneuve ) seems to realize intuitively that even morality is reduced to an option by the ultimate mysteries of life and death .
have so much charisma that you 'd be happy to listen to them reading the phone book .
dropped from their record label , proving that one man 's ruin may be another 's fortune
dropped
have reached the absolute top of the game
have so much charisma that you 'd be happy to listen to them reading the phone book
have no problem flaunting her natural gifts
Ver Wiel 's
To paraphrase a line from another Dickens ' novel
a square , sentimental drama that satisfies , as comfort food often can
a staggeringly compelling character
a stadium-seat megaplex
does its best to work us over , with second helpings of love , romance , tragedy , false dawns , real dawns , comic relief , two separate crises during marriage ceremonies , and the lush scenery of the Cotswolds
a staggeringly compelling character , a young man whose sharp intellect is at the very root of his contradictory , self-hating , self-destructive ways
a staggeringly compelling character ,
it is a remarkably original work .
it is about a domestic unit finding their way to joy
Kidman has become one of our best actors
Kids should have a stirring time at this beautifully drawn movie . And
Kids should have a stirring time at this beautifully drawn movie .
it is Schmidt 's , no matter if it 's viewed as a self-reflection or cautionary tale
Kids should have a stirring time at this beautifully drawn movie . And adults will at least have a dream image of the West to savor whenever the film 's lamer instincts are in the saddle .
Kids should have a stirring time at this beautifully drawn movie . And adults will at least have a dream image of the West to savor whenever the film 's lamer instincts are in the saddle
it is Japanese and yet feels universal
it is a great film .
it is a funny ( sometimes hilarious ) comedy with a deft sense of humor about itself , a playful spirit and a game cast
memorable first interrogation
remarkably alluring film
remarkably engaging despite being noticeably derivative of Goodfellas and at least a half dozen other trouble-in-the-ghetto flicks
remarkably insightful
remembering this refreshing visit
memorable directorial debut
your pulse ever racing
were insulted
the quiet american is n't a bad film
memorable cinematic experience
the real deal
average coming-of-age tale
I saw an audience laugh so much during a movie
the parade
the parents -- and particularly the fateful fathers --
is more complex and honest than anything represented in a Hollywood film
is more complex and honest
is more engaging than the usual fantasies Hollywood produces .
is more engaging than the usual fantasies Hollywood produces
is more fascinating -- being real -- than anything seen on Jerry Springer .
is more fascinating -- being real -- than anything seen on Jerry Springer
is more fun than Conan the Barbarian .
is more fun than Conan the Barbarian
be patient with the lovely hush ! and your reward will be a thoughtful , emotional movie experience
be patient with the lovely hush ! and your reward
just enough insight to keep it from being simpleminded
the prime
authentic to the core of his being
memorable and
the film was better than Saving Private Ryan
Full
award-winning Coen brothers envious
Frailty '' has been written so well , that even a simple '' Goddammit ! '' near the end takes on a whole other meaning .
Freedom
the movie knew what to do with him
the movie looks genuinely pretty . Your nightmares , on the other hand , will be anything but .
award-winning
the movie looks genuinely pretty . Your nightmares , on the other hand , will be anything but . Not
ca n't wait to see what they do next
intriguing characters and
intriguing characters and a sad ending
intriguing characters and a sad ending .
intriguing species
intriguing twist
introduces characters who illuminate mysteries of sex , duty and love
introduces you to new , fervently held ideas and fanciful thinkers
ca n't put down
transcend its clever concept
the impressive cast list
the impossible task
the impact of the Disney classic , and even that of the excellent 1934 MGM version
the impact of the Disney classic , and even
refreshingly literary
Cho 's latest comic set
Chilling , well-acted , and finely directed :
Chilling , well-acted , and finely directed : David Jacobson 's Dahmer
The use of CGI and digital ink-and-paint make the thing look really slick .
The voices are fine as well .
the-night
enjoys seeing Joan grow from awkward young woman to strong , determined monarch
enormous comic potential
enlightening and inviting
enormous yacht
can testify to the comparative accuracy of Ms . Vardalos ' memories and insights
play out as a clever , charming tale --
of your seat with its shape-shifting perils , political intrigue and brushes
off the hook
crushes
in the film that surprises or delights
pretty decent
have marked an emerging Indian American cinema
have made a remarkable film that explores the monster 's psychology not in order to excuse him but rather to demonstrate that his pathology evolved from human impulses that grew hideously twisted .
all the charm
all the comedy
impresses
impresses almost as much as her work with Haynes in 1995 's Safe
impress
impress even those viewers who have little patience for Euro-film pretension
Scorsese at his best makes gangster films that are equally lovely but also relentlessly brutal and brutally intelligent ;
Scorsese at his best
Scorsese at his best makes gangster films that are equally lovely but also relentlessly brutal and brutally intelligent
of '' The Isle '' you 'll get a sock-you-in-the-eye flick that is a visual tour-de-force and a story that is unlike any
obviously struck a responsive chord with many South Koreans
is De Niro 's best film since Meet the Parents
splendid production
splendid production design
splash
every bit as imperious as Katzenberg 's The Prince of Egypt from 1998 .
splendor
Teddy Bears ' Picnic ranks
Teddy Bears '
wind up remembering with a degree of affection rather than revulsion
an unlikely , but likable , hero
an unpretentious , sociologically pointed slice
an unpretentious , sociologically pointed slice of life
anchor itself in new grounds
the passion , creativity , and fearlessness of one of Mexico 's most colorful and controversial artists -- a captivating drama that will speak to the nonconformist in us all
the passion , creativity , and fearlessness of one of Mexico 's most colorful and controversial artists --
feel good
feel like a 10-course banquet .
winning performances by an unlikely team of Oscar-winners
warm but realistic
, it surprised me how much pleasure I had watching McGrath 's version .
, it successfully showcases the passions of both the director and novelist Byatt .
, it is just about right
, it gets the job done -- a sleepy afternoon rental .
, it deserves a wide audience .
, it puts far more polished documentaries to shame .
, it offers gorgeous imagery , effective performances , and an increasingly unsettling sense of foreboding .
, it marks the outstanding feature debut of writer-director Eric Byler , who understands the power of the implicit and the virtues of simplicity and economy .
' a perfect family film
' a perfect family film , '
' a perfect family film ,
' a perfect family film , ' because it 's about family
'll like it
quietly affecting cop drama
the second coming of harry potter is a film far superior to its predecessor .
between Sullivan and his son
betters it
My Wife 's plotting is nothing special ; it 's the delivery that matters here
originality in ` Life ' to distance it from the pack of paint-by-number romantic comedies
originality in ` Life '
organized
other than its Oscar-sweeping franchise predecessor
It 's not just a feel-good movie , it 's a feel movie . You feel good , you feel sad ,
It 's not just a feel-good movie , it 's a feel movie . You feel good , you feel sad , you feel pissed off
a fun and funky look
a frightening and compelling
a fresh view of an old type
a frightening and compelling ` What if
a frightening and compelling `
a fleeting and precious commodity
a fresh view
It 's not just a feel-good movie , it 's a feel movie . You feel good , you feel sad , you feel pissed off , but in the end , you feel alive - which is what they did
's very Beavis and Butthead , yet always seems to elicit a chuckle
's updating works surprisingly well .
we value in our daily lives
... an enjoyably frothy ` date movie ' ...
's very Beavis and Butthead ,
of dramatic unity
Effectively feeds our senses with the chilling sights and sounds from within the camp to create a completely numbing experience .
is , however , a completely honest , open-hearted film that should appeal to anyone willing to succumb to it
is , however , a completely honest , open-hearted film that should appeal to anyone willing to succumb to it .
of solid performances
The magic
The magic of the film
The long-range appeal of '' Minority Report '' should transcend any awards it bags . This is one for the ages .
The movie 's eventual success should be credited to Dennis Quaid , in fighting trim shape as an athlete as well as an actor
The magic of the film lies not in the mysterious spring but in the richness of its performances .
The movie 's eventual success
play out realistically if not always fairly .
inside righteousness
best dramatic performance to date ( is ) almost enough to lift ( this ) thrill-kill cat-and-mouser ... above its paint-by-numbers plot
best for the stunning star
best intentions
best part '
best part ' of the movie
best story
inside information
of sensual delights and simmering violence
A deceivingly simple film
A deceivingly simple film , one that grows in power in retrospect .
A film of precious increments
its share of laughs -- sometimes a chuckle , sometimes a guffaw and , to my great pleasure , the occasional belly laugh
A charming yet poignant tale of the irrevocable
A charming yet poignant tale of the irrevocable ties that bind .
its ripe recipe , inspiring ingredients
A film of precious increments artfully camouflaged as everyday activities .
A hip
ultimate '' Bellini
typically solid
typically solid performance
for some very good acting , dialogue ,
deliver a riveting and surprisingly romantic ride
deliver a riveting and surprisingly romantic ride .
delightful surprise
delightfully charming --
delightfully charming -- and
delightfully charming -- and totally American
delightfully compatible
can scale a building like a super hero
can not help but love Cinema Paradiso , whether the original version or new Director 's Cut . '
talented , charismatic and tragically
taking the effort to share his impressions of life and loss and time and art with us
Scratch is great fun , full of the kind of energy it 's documenting .
taking them to surprising highs , sorrowful lows and hidden impulsive niches ... gorgeous , passionate , and at times uncommonly moving
taking them
a wonderful time
within a wallflower
with wit and originality
with yet another remarkable yet shockingly little-known perspective
with virtuoso throat-singing
with vivid characters and a warm , moving message
with wisdom and emotion
the most positive thing
for staying clean
look no further
are just enough twists in the tale to make it far more satisfying than almost any horror film in recent memory
so heartwarmingly motivate
so heartwarmingly
so grainy and rough , so
the opulent lushness
the phenomenal , water-born cinematography
the phenomenal , water-born cinematography by david hennings
do with the casting of Juliette Binoche as Sand , who brings to the role her pale , dark beauty and characteristic warmth
documentaries in which underdogs beat the odds and the human spirit triumphs
the passion others have for their work
worth yet another visit
the perfect kind
worth the concentration
worth the extra effort to see an artist , still committed to growth in his ninth decade , change while remaining true to his principles
worth seeing at least once
worth particular
the perfect kind of film
worth a summertime look-see
worth checking out at theaters
the performances , for the most part , credible
the performances are worthwhile .
thoughtfulness and insight
in a pretty convincing performance as a prissy teenage girl
in a more ambitious movie
in a new way
remains aloft not on its own self-referential hot air , but on the inspired performance of Tim Allen .
the nature of compassion
remains prominent
the mystic genres of cinema :
remains sporadically funny throughout
remains sporadically funny
kill Michael Myers for good
gasp , shudder and even tremble without losing his machismo
the film is well worthwhile .
there are several truly jolting scares
there 's still a real sense that the Star Trek tradition has been honored as best it can
's TV sitcom material at best
Laced with liberal doses of dark humor , gorgeous exterior photography , and a stable-full of solid performances , No Such Thing is a fascinating little tale .
Laced with liberal doses of dark humor , gorgeous exterior photography , and a stable-full of solid performances
L . A . beach scene
is an elegiac portrait of a transit city on the West African coast struggling against foreign influences
is an encouraging debut feature
is an elegiac portrait of a transit city on the West African coast struggling against foreign influences .
is an action film that delivers on the promise of excitement
is an earnest study in despair
is an encouraging debut feature but has a needlessly downbeat ending that
is an encouraging debut feature but
does its sensitive handling of some delicate subject matter
does hold up pretty well .
the heat that ignites this gripping tale ,
was an honest effort
It 's up to ( Watts ) to lend credibility to this strange scenario , and her presence succeeds in making us believe
come close to justifying the hype that surrounded its debut at the Sundance Film Festival two years ago
Treasure Planet rivals the top Japanese animations of recent vintage .
the so-bad-it 's - good camp
the bizarre is credible and the real turns magical
As an actor 's showcase , Hart 's War has much to recommend it , even if the top-billed Willis is not the most impressive player . As a story of dramatic enlightenment , the screenplay by Billy Ray and Terry George leaves something to be desired .
the heartbeat of the world , a salute to the universal language of rhythm and
was made for : Strap on a pair of 3-D goggles , shut out the real world , and take a vicarious voyage to the last frontier -- space
A synthesis
this engaging film about two men who discover what William James once called ` the gift of tears
this engaging mix
the under-7 crowd
in the characters you see
in the central relationship
A technical triumph and
following your dream
a sleeper success
a slice of American Pie hijinks
a slice of counterculture
a slap-happy series
a decent TV outing
an asset
to keep it interested
feel funny and light
feel good about
a few evocative images
a father and son
we want to help -- or hurt
wear you out and make you misty even when you do n't
feels like a breath of fresh air , but only to those that allow it in .
the National Lampoon film franchise
as you 'll ever find of why art matters , and how it can resonate far beyond museum walls and through to the most painfully marginal lives
as you mull over its every nuance in your mind
as well as thought-provoking
as well as warmth
as well as the integrity of the filmmakers
as well as the libido
as well as bring audiences to the edge of their seats
as visually dexterous as it is at times imaginatively overwhelming .
as we 'll ever come to looking through a photographer 's viewfinder as he works
do n't see often enough these days
enter
enriched by an imaginatively mixed cast of antic spirits ,
enriched by an imaginatively mixed cast of antic spirits , headed by Christopher Plummer as the subtlest and most complexly evil Uncle Ralph I 've ever seen in the many film
enough vitality to justify the notion of creating a screen adaptation of Evans ' saga of Hollywood excess
enriched by an imaginatively mixed cast of antic spirits
enriched by an imaginatively mixed cast of antic spirits , headed by Christopher Plummer as the subtlest and most complexly evil Uncle Ralph I 've ever seen in the many film and
enriched by an imaginatively mixed cast of antic spirits , headed by Christopher Plummer as the subtlest and most complexly evil Uncle Ralph I 've ever seen in the many film and stage adaptations of the work
Frei assembles a fascinating profile of a deeply humanistic artist who , in spite of all that he 's witnessed , remains surprisingly idealistic , and retains an extraordinary faith in the ability of images to communicate the truth of the world around him .
French cinema at its best
French coming-of-age import
French filmmaker Karim Dridi that celebrates the hardy spirit of Cuban music
French nuance
and explores his characters ' crises with seriousness and compassion
and enthusiasm
and even if it 's nonsense , its claws dig surprisingly deep .
and even fascinates us
and even promotes understanding
and even original
and expertly
watchful
were far more entertaining than i had expected
the sweetness and the extraordinary technical accomplishments of the first film
watch your Merchant Ivory productions
that 's so honest and keenly observed that it does n't feel like one
that makes the movie a spirited and touching occasion , despite its patchy construction
pretension about the film , which very simply sets out to entertain and ends up delivering in good measure
that makes you feel genuinely good
in the interests of doing them good
in the majesty of Tolkien 's writing
in the majesty of Tolkien 's writing that every frame produces new joys , whether you 're a fan of the books or not
, in its quiet , epic way , daring , inventive and refreshingly unusual
, in the course of reviewing art-house obscurities and slam-bam action flicks , a jaded critic smacks into something truly new .
, importantly , entertaining
, in his most forceful non-Shakespeare screen performance , grounds even the softest moments in the angry revolt of his wit
a nice Belgian waffle
that lifts your spirits
that magnify her outrageous charm
that makes Eight Legged Freaks a perfectly entertaining summer diversion
a few advantages to never growing old
a few nice twists in a standard plot and the charisma of Hugh Grant and Sandra Bullock
a film -- full of life and small delights --
a film -- full of life and small delights -- that has all the wiggling energy of young kitten
Dante Spinotti 's luscious cinematography
would seem to be surefire casting
His Girl Friday , '' maintaining a light touch while tackling serious themes
Highly watchable stuff .
Highly engaging .
Hilariously inept and ridiculous .
a good spaghetti
a good spaghetti western
a good job
a good movie
Everybody loves a David and Goliath story ,
, 84 minutes is short
Love Liza 's tale
Love Liza 's
suffused with complexity
summer screen escapism
summer blockbusters
Everybody loves a David and Goliath story
is the number of lasting images all its own .
is the performance of Gedeck , who makes Martha enormously endearing
is the movie for you
is the piece works brilliantly
is the piece works brilliantly .
is the performance of Gedeck , who makes Martha enormously endearing .
is the power of love
perfectly happy
of kinky soft-core imagery with naughty fun
perfect
perfectly
there is and it 's what makes this rather convoluted journey worth taking
period drama and flat-out farce that should please history fans
be wacky without clobbering the audience over the head and still maintain a sense of urgency and suspense
touching , transcendent love story
one very funny joke and a few other decent ones
one very funny joke and
one visual marvel
in welcome perspective
in unexpected ways , touching
in watching the resourceful Molly stay a step ahead of her pursuers
Watching Scarlet Diva , one is poised for titillation , raw insight or both .
most ravaging
feel involved with the story , as all of its ideas remain just that : abstract ideas
most practiced
most resonant film since The Killer
most resonant film since The Killer .
most refreshing
most refreshing about Real Women Have Curves
most romantic
most romantic comedies
this grandiloquent quartet lolling
this intricately structured and well-realized drama
secularists , who might even praise God for delivering such an instant camp classic
secularists
But tongue-in-cheek preposterousness has always been part of For the most part Wilde 's droll whimsy helps `` Being Earnest '' overcome its weaknesses and Parker 's creative interference ...
to win a wide summer audience through word-of-mouth reviews
vintage Looney Tunes
a psychologically rich and suspenseful moral thriller with a stellar performance by al pacino .
a psychologically rich and suspenseful moral thriller with a stellar performance by al pacino
a psychologically rich and suspenseful moral thriller with a stellar performance
lots of laughs
a psychologically rich and suspenseful
a promising , unusual kind of psychological horror
lot to recommend Read My Lips
well-timed explosion
suitably kooky which should appeal to women and
suitably kooky which should appeal to women and they strip down often enough to keep men alert , if not amused
its objective portrait
suitably kooky which should appeal to women
's enough to watch Huppert scheming , with her small , intelligent eyes as steady as any noir villain , and to enjoy the perfectly pitched web of tension that Chabrol spins .
It 's worth seeing just on the basis of the wisdom , and at times , the startling optimism , of the children .
's foremost cinematic poet of the workplace
it is a kind , unapologetic , sweetheart of a movie ,
you can get past the fantastical aspects and harsh realities of '' the isle '' you 'll get a sock-you-in-the-eye flick that is a visual tour-de-force and a story that is unlike any
you can take the grandkids or the grandparents and never worry about anyone being bored ...
you can take the grandkids or the grandparents and never worry about anyone being bored
you can take the grandkids or the grandparents and never worry about anyone being bored ... audience is a sea of constant smiles and frequent laughter .
you can take the grandkids or the grandparents and never worry about anyone being bored ... audience is a sea of constant smiles and frequent laughter
you can thank me for this
It extends a warm invitation into an unfamiliar world , then illuminates it fully and allows the larger implications of the journey to sink in unobtrusively .
at the right film
wo n't look at religious fanatics -- or backyard sheds -- the same way again .
edge or
ecstasy
ecological
eclipses nearly everything else she 's ever done
eclipses
eclipse the original
to watch Jackson , who also served as executive producer , take his smooth , shrewd , powerful act abroad
bullock
with a tasty balance of family drama and frenetic comedy .
's not that , it 's the tension that keeps you in your seat
and action\/effects on the spectacular scale
with enjoyable performances
the audience , like Beatrice , has a watchful affection for the monster .
about compelling questions with no easy answers
about everything right
about real people living their lives
Mick Jagger gives his best movie performance since , well , Performance
does such high-profile talent serve such literate material
does such a good job of it that Family Fundamentals gets you riled up
does so without compromising that complexity
this interesting time
does so marvelously compelling is present Brown as a catalyst for the struggle of black manhood in restrictive and chaotic America ... sketchy but nevertheless gripping portrait of Jim Brown , a celebrated wonder in the spotlight
does such a good job of it
does so without compromising that complexity .
this interesting study of the cultural mores of Georgian Jews in Tel Aviv
good qualities
it is a refreshingly forthright one
see Robin Williams turn 180 degrees from the string of insultingly innocuous
The writers , director Wally Wolodarsky ,
seduced
Anna Chancellor that makes this '' Two Weddings and a Funeral '' fun
it goes further than both
seduced by ( Witherspoon 's ) charisma , even
the fun of watching De Niro and Crystal having fun
their lives , loves and the art
quirky and taken with its own style
quirky at moments
as we
as well-conceived as either of those films
characters drop their pants for laughs and not the last time
characters of the year
characters of the year .
`` Real Women Have Curves '' is a sweet , honest , and enjoyable comedy-drama about a young woman who wants many things in life , but fears she 'll become her mother before she gets to fulfill her dreams .
`` Red Dragon '' is entertaining .
`` Red Dragon '' never cuts corners .
super-dooper-adorability intact
super-simple animation
superb actors
see a bit of yourself in her unfinished story
( haynes ' ) homage to such films as '' all that heaven allows '' and '' imitation of life '' transcends them . simply put ,
good joke
likable
like a badge of honor
like a magnet
, if not memorable , are at least interesting .
, however , Robert Rodriguez adorns his family-film plot with an elegance and maturity that even most contemporary adult movies are lacking .
, human moments
, humorous , illuminating study
The movie does its best to work us over , with second helpings of love , romance , tragedy , false dawns , real dawns , comic relief , two separate crises during marriage ceremonies , and the lush scenery of the Cotswolds .
The movie enters a realm where few non-porn films venture , and comes across as darkly funny , energetic , and surprisingly gentle .
The movie is a trove of delights .
gangster films that are equally lovely but also relentlessly brutal and brutally intelligent
Nicely combines the enigmatic features of ` Memento ' with the hallucinatory drug culture of ` Requiem for a Dream . '
Huppert ... is magnificent
Eisenberg
Human Resources was a good , straightforward tale , but Time Out is better
Human Resources was a good , straightforward tale , but
Human Resources was a good , straightforward tale ,
Human Resources was a good , straightforward tale
as I 'm the One That I Want
as Grant 's two best films
Humorous and heartfelt ,
should please fans of Chris Fuhrman 's posthumously published cult novel .
show-stoppingly
shakes the oppressive , morally superior good-for-you quality that almost automatically accompanies didactic entertainment
an earnest moment
an eerie thriller
Rich in atmosphere of the post-war art world
Rich in atmosphere of the post-war art world , it manages to instruct without reeking of research library dust .
offering itself up in subtle plot maneuvers
young and old alike to go see this unique and entertaining twist on the classic whale 's tale
before getting to the truly good stuff
A living testament to the power of the eccentric and the strange .
A look at the `` wild ride '' that ensues when brash young men set out to conquer the online world with laptops , cell phones and sketchy business plans
The artwork is spectacular and unlike most animaton from Japan , the characters move with grace and panache .
The artwork is spectacular and
The artwork is spectacular and unlike most animaton from Japan , the characters move with grace and panache
The artwork
The artwork is spectacular
The art direction is often exquisite , and the anthropomorphic animal characters are beautifully realized through clever makeup design , leaving one to hope that the eventual DVD release will offer subtitles and the original Italian-language soundtrack
The art direction is often exquisite , and the anthropomorphic animal characters are beautifully realized through clever makeup design , leaving one to hope that the eventual DVD release will offer subtitles and the original Italian-language soundtrack .
The art direction is often exquisite ,
The art direction is often exquisite , and
of characters that bring the routine day to day struggles of the working class to life
From both a great and a terrible story , Mr . Nelson has made a film that is an undeniably worthy and devastating experience .
as a powerful look at a failure of our justice system
as a potentially incredibly twisting mystery
as a paper skeleton for some very good acting , dialogue ,
as a movie for teens to laugh , groan and hiss at
Sometimes is a brilliant movie .
Sometimes is a gem .
round out the square edges .
Sorvino glides gracefully from male persona to female without missing a beat .
Now as a former Gong Show addict
Noyce has worked wonders with the material .
Now as a former Gong Show addict , I 'll admit it , my only complaint is that we did n't get more re-creations of all those famous moments from the show .
Britney Spears is really cute
O Fantasma is boldly , confidently orchestrated , aesthetically and sexually
presented in convincing way
will be well worth your time
will be something to behold
will enthrall the whole family
will enjoy this sometimes wry adaptation of V . S . Naipaul 's novel
will eat up like so much gelati
quite good at providing some good old fashioned spooks
quite good
quite rich and exciting
quite good at providing some good old fashioned spooks .
artifact , capturing a brief era of insanity in the sports arena that surely can not last .
as France 's foremost cinematic poet of the workplace
cinema 's finest this year .
you feel alive - which is what they did
the whole enterprise
you do n't have the slightest difficulty accepting him in the role .
you drive past -- even if it chiefly inspires you to drive a little faster
you expect and often surprises you with unexpected comedy
its relaxed
its relaxed ,
its relaxed , natural-seeming actors
quickly , adroitly , and without fuss ; it does n't give you time
of animated filmmaking since old Walt
brings the proper conviction to his role as ( Jason Bourne )
brings the proper conviction
sun-splashed whites
sumptuous work
brisk , reverent , and subtly different sequel
brisk delight
brisk 85-minute screwball thriller
May be spoofing an easy target -- those old '50 's giant creature features -- but ... it acknowledges and celebrates their cheesiness as the reason why people get a kick out of watching them today
takes this never-ending confusion and hatred , puts a human face on it , evokes shame among all who are party to it and even promotes understanding .
takes place in Pasadena , '' a city where people still read . ''
takes a very open-minded approach to this sensitive material , showing impressive control , both visually and in the writing
takes a very open-minded approach to this sensitive material , showing impressive control , both visually and in the writing .
of a freshly painted Rembrandt
takes the beauty of baseball and melds it
wanting to see another foreign film
sometimes beautiful
sometimes beautiful adaptation
something to be said for a studio-produced film that never bothers to hand viewers a suitcase full of easy answers
sometime bitter movie about love
a delightfully dour , deadpan tone and stylistic consistency
a delightfully dour , deadpan tone
a devilishly witty script
a devilishly witty script by Heather McGowan and Niels Mueller
than their funny accents
some great human truths ,
some genuine spontaneity
some fleetingly amusing improvisations by Cedric the Entertainer as Perry 's boss
some great human truths
some genuinely funny moments
offers plenty to ponder and chew on as its unusual relationship slowly unfolds .
oft-brilliant Safe Conduct ( `` Laissez-passer '' )
offers escapism
offers flickering reminders of the ties that bind us .
... a good film that must have baffled the folks in the marketing department .
... a funny yet dark and seedy clash of cultures and generations .
where janice beard falters in its recycled aspects , implausibility , and sags in pace , it rises in its courageousness , and comedic employment .
... a delightfully unpredictable , hilarious comedy with wonderful performances that tug at your heart in ways that utterly transcend gender labels .
Giggling at the absurdities and inconsistencies is part of the fun . But the talented cast alone will keep you watching
a director enjoying himself immensely
, you have to watch them because you ca n't wait to see what they do next .
, you could say that a few of the characters act in ways that real people would n't , but one thing you could n't say is that Alias Betty is predictable .
the celebrated irish playwright ,
the celebrated irish playwright , poet and
the celebrated irish playwright , poet and drinker
Much monkeyfun for all
pleasuring its audience
Though Jones and Snipes are enthralling
builds to an intense indoor drama about compassion , sacrifice , and Christian love in the face of political corruption
a sincerely crafted picture
builds its multi-character story with a flourish
The lively appeal
about an hour
popular and
polished and
powerful enough
portrayed with quiet fastidiousness
presents an audacious tour of the past and
very human and very true to life
very human and very true
timely , tongue-in-cheek
timeless and universal tale
Cinematic poetry showcases
viewers to question their deepest notions of moral right and wrong
the whole ( bizarre , funny , tragic - like love in New York )
typical Miike : fast , furious and full
visual amazement
bitchy frolic which pokes fun at the price of popularity and small-town pretension in the Lone Star State
` triumph '
filled with a sense of pure wonderment and excitement
fighting trim shape
fill their scenes and , fine judges both ,
fiction for grown-ups
fetishized every bizarre old-movie idiosyncrasy
fiction for grown-ups ,
, Lovely & Amazing involves us because it is so incisive , so bleakly amusing about how we go about our lives .
performances of exceptional honesty
perfectly serviceable and because he gives the story some soul
perfectly respectable , perfectly inoffensive
perfectly serviceable
perfectly respectable
perfectly respectable ,
perfectly inoffensive
perfectly portrays the desperation of a very insecure man
While obviously aimed at kids , The Country Bears ... should keep parents amused with its low groan-to-guffaw ratio .
gangster\/crime comedy
effort to share his impressions of life and loss and time and art with us
effort to see an artist , still committed to growth in his ninth decade , change while remaining true to his principles
efficiently minimalist style
effort and
efficiently
staying home and watching The X-Files
than you could have guessed at the beginning
than well-constructed narrative
a good alternative
a good and ambitious film
paint some memorable images ...
impossible to ignore .
impossible to ignore
impressive craftsmanship
impressive cast list
be played out in any working class community in the nation
impressive potency
who love alternate versions of the Bard
relieved that his latest feature , R Xmas , marks a modest if encouraging return to form
lighthearted
brings this unknown slice of history affectingly
life inside a one-room schoolhouse in northern France in his documentary To Be and to Have , easily one of the best films of the year
this cartoon adventure is that wind-in-the-hair exhilarating .
, Treasure Planet is truly gorgeous to behold .
, Unfaithful is at once intimate and universal cinema .
, Treasure Planet maintains a brisk pace as it races through the familiar story .
, Wilde 's play is a masterpiece of elegant wit and artifice .
, ` Scratch ' is a pretty decent little documentary .
, ` It 's like having an old friend for dinner ' .
the cleverness , the weirdness and
the cleverness ,
the classics '' Wait Until Dark ''
the cleverness
Sweetheart
takes off in totally unexpected directions and
Those moviegoers who would automatically bypass a hip-hop documentary should give '' Scratch '' a second look .
Those of you who do n't believe in Santa Claus probably also think that sequels can never capture the magic of the original . Well
Those of you who do n't believe in Santa Claus probably also think that sequels can never capture the magic of the original . Well , this movie proves you wrong on both counts .
speculative effort
speeds up
spend more time with familiar cartoon characters
American road movies
Paxton has tapped something in himself as an actor that provides Frailty with its dark soul .
Personal Velocity
People cinema at its finest .
Personal Velocity gathers plenty of dramatic momentum .
has charm -- especially Allodi and Nolden --
hint
himself with the magic he 's spun with the Hollywood empress of Ms . Leoni 's Ellie
where janice beard falters in its recycled aspects , implausibility , and sags in pace , it rises in its courageousness , and comedic employment
that Parker displays in freshening the play
Hugh Grant , who has a good line in charm
Hugh Grant , who has a good line in charm ,
Hugh Grant , who has a good line in charm , has never been more charming than in About a Boy .
Hugh Grant 's act is so consuming that sometimes it 's difficult to tell who the other actors in the movie are .
as scary-funny as Tremors
as rogue CIA assassins working for Chris Cooper 's agency boss close in on the resourceful amnesiac
A sometimes incisive and sensitive portrait
technically well-made
technically
broad cross-section
surprisingly gentle
surprisingly funny movie
surprisingly charming and even witty
surprisingly charming and
surprisingly decent
surprisingly refreshing
is a good script , good dialogue , funny even for adults
broader vision
bristles with passion and energy
is a fun and funky look into an artificial creation in a world that thrives on artificiality
Like Mike raises some worthwhile themes while delivering a wholesome fantasy for kids .
Like Kissing Jessica Stein , Amy 's Orgasm has a key strength in its willingness to explore its principal characters with honesty , insight and humor .
Like Brosnan 's performance
Like Brosnan 's performance , Evelyn comes from the heart .
Let 's issue a moratorium , effective immediately , on treacly films about inspirational prep-school professors and the children they so heartwarmingly motivate .
falling in love
with vibrance and warmth
Does a good job
Does a good job of establishing a time and place , and of telling a fascinating character 's story .
Does a good job of establishing a time and place , and of telling a fascinating character 's story
( Tsai 's ) masterpiece
( The film ) tackles the topic of relationships in such a straightforward , emotionally honest manner that by the end
( Time Out and Human Resources ) establish Mr . Cantet as France 's foremost cinematic poet of the workplace .
( The film ) tackles the topic of relationships in such a straightforward , emotionally honest manner that by the end , it 's impossible to ascertain whether the film is , at its core , deeply pessimistic or quietly hopeful .
following your dreams
following a feel-good formula with a winning style , and by offering its target audience of urban kids
with verve
dinner party
Michelle Williams
A bold ( and lovely ) experiment
A bodice-ripper for intellectuals .
A bold ( and lovely ) experiment that will almost certainly bore most audiences into their own brightly colored dreams .
A bold ( and lovely ) experiment that will
see this terrific film with your kids
see this terrific film
see this terrific film with your kids -- if you do n't have kids borrow some
see this terrific film with your kids --
a fairly revealing study
a fairly disposable yet still entertaining B picture .
a fairly disposable yet still entertaining B picture
a fairly disposable yet still entertaining B
a fair bit of vampire fun
a fair bit
the film is typical Miike : fast , furious and full of off-the-cuff imaginative flourishes .
rush to the theatre
never quite goes where you expect and often surprises you with unexpected comedy
never loses its ability to shock and amaze .
consider that a good thing
an intriguing species
an intriguing bit of storytelling
comes at film with bracing intelligence and a vision both painterly and literary
comes along only occasionally , one so unconventional , gutsy and perfectly
comes along only occasionally , one so unconventional ,
comes along only occasionally , one so unconventional
comes along only occasionally
, and will , undoubtedly , leave both camps engaged in a ferocious debate for years to come .
, and those are reasons enough to see it .
, and you 'll be glad you went along for the ride .
, anger , greed , jealousy , sickness and love
comes from Spielberg , who has never made anything that was n't at least watchable
comes at film with bracing intelligence and a vision both painterly and literary .
whose jolly , fun-for-fun 's - sake communal spirit goes to the essence of Broadway .
whose engaging manner and flamboyant style
whose engaging manner and flamboyant style made him a truly larger-than-life character
whose derring-do puts the X into the games
More a load of enjoyable , Conan-esque claptrap than the punishing , special-effects soul assaults the Mummy pictures
what makes Shanghai Ghetto move beyond a good , dry , reliable textbook
what it 's trying to say and
The turntable is now outselling the electric guitar ... ''
large-scale
large-scale action and suspense
wants them to be part of the action , the wallpaper of his chosen reality . Here , thankfully
good action , good acting ,
good action , good acting , good dialogue
want to get up and dance .
good action , good acting
going to recommend SECRETARY , based on the wonderful acting clinic put on by Spader and Gyllenhaal
going where no man has gone before
cruelly funny twist
cruelly funny
crowdpleaser
crucial to the genre and another first-rate performance
what is really an amusing concept -- a high-tech tux that transforms its wearer into a superman
underdogs beat the odds and the human spirit triumphs
own solemn insights
nod in agreement
no wrong
is certainly no disaster
is cinema
is certainly a serviceable melodrama
is casual and fun
Who needs mind-bending drugs when they can see this , the final part of the ` qatsi ' trilogy , directed by Godfrey Reggio , with music by Philip Glass ?
White Oleander may leave you rolling your eyes in the dark , but that does n't mean you wo n't like looking at it .
White Oleander may leave you rolling your eyes in the dark , but that does n't mean you wo n't like looking at it
America , not only because it is full of necessary discussion points , but because it is so accessible that it makes complex politics understandable to viewers looking for nothing but energetic entertainment
Although it bangs a very cliched drum at times , this crowd-pleaser 's fresh dialogue , energetic music , and good-natured spunk are often infectious .
missing from the Girls ' big-screen blowout
to seek and strike just the right tone
moving performance
body humour and reinforcement
blushing to gushing -- Imamura squirts the screen in ` Warm Water Under a Red Bridge '
blend together as they become distant memories .
blend politics and drama , an admirable ambition
providing some good old fashioned spooks
providing an experience that is richer than anticipated
in an intriguing bit of storytelling
start looking good
's hope for popular cinema
's hope for popular cinema yet
's guilty fun to be had here . Chomp chomp
's hard to imagine Alan Arkin being better than he is in this performance
guaranteed to put a lump in your throat while reaffirming Washington as possibly the best actor working in movies today
's just brilliant in this .
grows on you . And
the opening scenes of a wintry New York City in 1899 . Cinematic poetry showcases the city 's old-world charm
the opera 's drama and lyricism
Now trimmed by about 20 minutes , this lavish three-year-old production has enough grandeur and scale to satisfy as grown-up escapism .
, Children of the Century ... takes Kurys ' career to a whole new level .
sends you away a believer again and quite cheered at just that .
by its intimacy and precision
by its lavish grandeur
by it -- the kind of movie
steeped themselves in the majesty of Tolkien 's writing that every frame produces new joys , whether you 're a fan of the books or not
The Powerpuff Girls arrive on the big screen with their super-powers , their super-simple animation and their super-dooper-adorability intact .
The Right Thing
fully formed and remarkably assured
fully successful
fully formed
fully formed and
fully engaged supporting cast
fully endear itself to American art house audiences
full-bodied performance gives this aging series a much needed kick
full-bodied performance gives this aging series a much needed kick ,
it 's a compelling and horrifying story ,
it 's a charming and often affecting journey .
it 's a compelling and horrifying story
it 's a fairy tale that comes from a renowned indian film culture that allows americans to finally revel in its splendor
it 's a fairy tale that comes from a renowned indian film culture that allows americans to finally revel in its splendor .
it 's a compelling and horrifying story , and the laramie project is worthwhile for reminding us that this sort of thing does , in fact , still happen in america
of two marvelous performances by Michael Caine and Brendan Fraser
of the year 's most accomplished and riveting film performances
of true sophistication
of their best work in their underwritten roles
nearly glows with enthusiasm , sensuality and a conniving wit .
multilayered
multi-dimensional love story and sci-fi mystery , Solaris
multi-dimensional love story and sci-fi mystery ,
A completely spooky piece of business that gets under your skin and , some plot blips aside , stays there for the duration .
A conventional , but well-crafted film
A compelling allegory about the last days of Germany 's democratic Weimar Republic .
A compelling pre-WWII drama
A compelling pre-WWII drama with vivid characters and a warm , moving message
A compelling pre-WWII drama with vivid characters and a warm , moving message .
A completely spooky piece of business that gets under your skin and , some plot blips aside
A completely spooky piece of business that gets under your skin and , some plot blips aside ,
one big laugh , three or four mild giggles , and
In an effort
one big laugh
one big laugh ,
The movie is a lumbering load of hokum but ... it 's at least watchable
, Laissez-Passer is a distinguished and distinctive effort by a bona-fide master , a fascinating film replete with rewards to be had by all willing to make the effort to reap them .
one whose lessons are well worth
one whose lessons are well worth revisiting as many times as possible
vain ' Jia
value and respect
is surprising less moldy and trite than the last two , likely because much of the Japanese anime is set in a scenic forest where Pokemon graze in peace
is surprisingly well-directed by Brett Ratner , who keeps things moving well -- at least until the problematic third act .
worth a rental
worth a look for its true-to-life characters , its sensitive acting , its unadorned view of rural life and the subtle direction of first-timer Hilary Birmingham
that my enjoyment came at the expense of seeing justice served , even if it 's a dish that 's best served cold
that never quite goes where you expect and often surprises you with unexpected comedy
certainly hard to hate
that on the cinematic front , look no further than this 20th anniversary edition of the film that Spielberg calls
a canny crowd pleaser , and The Last Kiss
certainly does n't disappoint .
movie that comes along only occasionally , one so unconventional , gutsy and perfectly
movie version
weissman and bill weber benefit enormously
Strong setup and ambitious goals
Strong setup and
well-meaning to a fault , antwone fisher
endorses
a refreshingly serious look
a refreshingly serious look at young women
a refreshing absence of cynicism in Stuart Little 2 -- quite a rarity , even in the family film market . Eventually , it wins you over
a refreshing change
a refreshing change from the self-interest and paranoia that shape most American representations of Castro
exquisitely blends music
exquisite motion picture
exquisite
, and not strictly in the knowledge imparted
, and for the memorable character creations
, and intelligent
, and intermittently hilarious
of a good time at the movies
of a hyperbolic beat-charged urban western
of a lost soul trying to find her way through life
of a departure from the noble characters he has played in the past
an awful lot like life -- gritty ,
higher than in Mary and most other recent comedies
higher level
higher
high literary aspirations and stunning acting
high literary aspirations
highly enjoyable
emerges a radiant character portrait .
emerges a radiant character portrait
Hey Arnold ! The Movie is clever , offbeat and even gritty enough to overcome my resistance
Highly recommended as an engrossing story about a horrifying historical event and the elements which contributed to it .
embracing than Monty
spectacular locales
pleasant
spectacular whiff
in insightful , empathetic performances
's a feel-good movie about which you can actually feel good
's a fairy tale that comes from a renowned Indian film culture that allows Americans to finally revel in its splendor
's a familiar story , but one that is presented with great sympathy and intelligence .
's a familiar story , but one that is presented with great sympathy and intelligence
's a fairy tale that comes from a renowned Indian film culture that allows Americans to finally revel in its splendor .
goes beyond his usual fluttering and stammering
for a strong education and good teachers being more valuable in the way they help increase an average student 's self-esteem
for a smart , nuanced look at de Sade and what might have happened at Picpus
without oppressive
Batman
Don
without overdoing it
without placing their parents in a coma-like state
in a stunning fusion of music and images
The concert footage is stirring , the recording sessions are intriguing , and -- on the way to striking a blow for artistic integrity -- this quality band may pick up new admirers .
in a story that , though meant to be universal in its themes of loyalty , courage and dedication to a common goal , never
The combination of lightness and strictness in this instance
drive to show how its done
droll , well-acted , character-driven comedy
with such a wallop of you-are-there immediacy
, but what art direction !
depicts this relationship with economical grace ,
, but spiced with wry humor and genuine pathos , especially between Morgan and Redgrave
, but it exudes a kind of nostalgic spy-movie charm and , at the same time , is so fresh and free of the usual thriller nonsense that it all seems to be happening for the first time .
derivative , wildly gruesome
, but his words and images do n't have to add up to mesmerize you .
fiascoes
few current films do
Very
Vera 's three actors -- Mollà , Gil and Bardem -- excel in insightful , empathetic performances .
everyone , especially movie musical fans
some sort of beacon of hope
Its premise is smart ,
Its premise is smart , but
Its premise is smart
could have turned this into an Argentine retread of `` Iris '' or `` American Beauty , '' but instead pulls a little from each film and creates something more beautiful than either of those films .
could have turned this into an Argentine retread of `` Iris '' or `` American Beauty , '' but instead pulls a little from each film and creates something more beautiful than either of those films
some success with documentaries
than Malle 's dud
echo of allusions
easy watch
eat popcorn
educational !
effective on stage
giving it a strange combo of you-are-there closeness
gives us a rare glimpse
gives this coming-of-age story
gives peace
gives its subject
you did n't know
struggling to give themselves a better lot in life than the ones
A compelling yarn , but not quite a
The values that have held the Enterprise crew together through previous adventures and perils
The tenderness of the piece
The tenderness of the piece is still intact .
The tenderness
shine through
's a clarity of purpose and even-handedness to the film 's direction
's a clarity of purpose and even-handedness
air of gentle longing
Sharp , lively , funny and ultimately sobering film
Simone , Andrew Niccol 's brilliant anti-Hollywood satire
that other Imax films do n't : chimps , lots of chimps , all blown up to the size of a house . That 's fun for kids of any age
is a thoughtful examination of faith , love and power .
is a tribute
is a terrific role for someone like Judd , who really ought to be playing villains .
is a thoughtful examination of faith , love and power
is a tribute not only to his craft , but to his legend
is a unique , well-crafted psychological study of grief
the way we like our 20-year-old superstar girls to travel on the fame freeway
a batch of appealing characters
is Garcia , who perfectly portrays the desperation of a very insecure man .
is DiCaprio 's best performance in anything ever , and easily the most watchable film of the year
is DiCaprio 's best performance in anything ever , and easily the most watchable film of the year .
is Fontaine 's willingness to wander into the dark areas of parent-child relationships without flinching
is Fontaine 's willingness to wander into the dark areas of parent-child relationships without flinching .
is ... very funny as you peek at it through the fingers in front of your eyes .
whose view of America , history and the awkwardness of human life is generous and deep
trimmed Dickens ' wonderfully sprawling soap opera , the better to focus on the hero 's odyssey from cowering poverty to courage and happiness
make the movie or the discussion any less enjoyable
crack you up
crack you up with her crass , then gasp for gas , verbal deportment
startling and fresh examination
unlikely , but likable
inspiring , ironic , and revelatory of just how ridiculous and money-oriented the record industry really is
inspiring ,
inspiring
inspiration
inspiring , ironic , and revelatory
inspiring , ironic , and
inspiring , ironic ,
inspiring , ironic
starting
from the shadow of Ellis ' book
from the start -- and , refreshingly , stays that way
can easily worm its way into your heart
can do no wrong with Jason X .
can do no wrong with Jason X
can easily worm its way into your heart . '
can easily worm its way into your heart .
despite her relentless vim and winsome facial symmetry
movie , '' Minority Report '' astounds .
saccharine earnestness
with a terrific screenplay and fanciful direction
heart-on-its-sleeve
with a twisted sense of humor
A delightful little film that revels in its own simplicity , Mostly Martha will leave you with a smile on your face and a grumble in your stomach .
A delightful little film that revels in its own simplicity
A delightful surprise because despite all the backstage drama , this is a movie that tells stories that work -- is charming , is moving
A delightful surprise
A delightful entree in the tradition of food movies
A delightful entree in the tradition
A delightful little film
A delightful entree in the tradition of food movies .
with a sure and measured hand
with an appropriate minimum of means
with an assurance worthy of international acclaim
a great director
a great director at the helm
a great Saturday Night Live sketch
a great hook , some clever bits
a great hook , some clever bits and
hilarity .
pleasing
Jiang Wen 's Devils on the Doorstep is a wartime farce in the alternately comic and gut-wrenching style of Joseph Heller or Kurt Vonnegut .
magnificent landscape to create a feature film that is wickedly fun to watch
magnificent directorial career
cleverly
clever adaptation
cleverly probes the cross-cultural differences between Gauls and Yanks .
closely matched the spirit of a man and his work
If you have n't seen the film lately , you may be surprised at the variety of tones in Spielberg 's work . Much of it is funny
If you have n't seen the film lately , you may be surprised at the variety of tones in Spielberg 's work . Much of it is funny ,
If you grew up on Scooby -- you 'll love this movie . Matthew Lillard is born to play Shaggy !
If you have n't seen the film lately , you may be surprised at the variety of tones in Spielberg 's work .
If you have n't seen the film lately , you may be surprised at the variety of tones in Spielberg 's work . Much of it is funny , but there are also some startling , surrealistic moments ...
A lighthearted , feel-good film that embraces the time-honored truth that the most powerful thing in life is
A lighthearted , feel-good film that embraces the time-honored truth that the most powerful thing in life is love .
A journey through memory , a celebration of living , and a sobering rumination on fatality , classism , and ignorance .
A lighthearted , feel-good film
A historical epic with the courage of its convictions about both scope and detail .
A journey
A highly intriguing thriller , coupled with some ingenious plot devices and some lavishly built settings . . it 's a worthwhile tutorial in quantum physics and slash-dash
A historical epic
A highly
A highly intriguing
work in the same vein as the brilliance of Animal House
another silly Hollywood action film , one among a multitude of simple-minded
another smash
and makes you question your own firmly held positions
and manages to be tender and darkly comic
and manages to deliver up the man in a way to arouse further curiosity in even the most unknowing viewer
and masterfully if
and masterfully if preciously interwoven
and meaningful
has to be a few advantages to never growing old .
such a good job
such a gloriously goofy way
succumbs to sensationalism
such a companionable couple
such a big job
, Mr . Schnitzler proves himself a deft pace master and stylist .
, Mr . Rose 's updating works surprisingly well .
, Michael Moore 's Bowling for Columbine rekindles the muckraking , soul-searching spirit of the ` Are we a sick society ? ' journalism of the 1960s .
, Metropolis never seems hopelessly juvenile .
, Mostly Martha will leave you with a smile on your face and a grumble in your stomach .
, Miller , Kuras and the actresses make Personal Velocity into an intricate , intimate and intelligent journey .
, Martin is a masterfully conducted work .
, Marshall keeps the energy humming , and his edits , unlike those in Moulin Rouge , are crisp and purposeful without overdoing it .
, Metropolis is a feast for the eyes .
Mr . Chabrol 's subtlest works , but also one of his most uncanny
Move over Bond ;
Move over Bond
Move over Bond ; this girl deserves a sequel .
Move over Bond ; this girl deserves a sequel
Mr . Chabrol 's subtlest works , but also
Mr . Chabrol 's subtlest works ,
, ready to quench the thirst of an audience that misses the summer blockbusters
, ramshackle landscape
, quirky charm
, quirky and leisurely
, quieter observations
, relentless and beautiful
, refuses to be simple
via Kirsten Dunst 's remarkable performance , he showcases Davies as a young woman of great charm , generosity and diplomacy
with seriousness and compassion
Gooding is the energetic frontman
Gooding is the energetic frontman ,
Goodall did , with a serious minded patience , respect and affection
Gooding is the energetic frontman , and it 's hard to resist his enthusiasm , even if the filmmakers come up with nothing original in the way of slapstick sequences .
Gooding is the energetic frontman , and
Gooding is the energetic frontman , and it 's hard to resist his enthusiasm , even if the filmmakers come up with nothing original in the way of slapstick sequences
Based on a devilishly witty script by Heather McGowan and Niels Mueller
with plenty of slapstick humor for the kids , lots of in-jokes for the adults and heart enough for everyone
a visual tour-de-force and a story that is unlike any
with singles of many ages
with sincerity and devotion
At its worst , it 's Rambo - meets-John Ford
You 'll gasp appalled and laugh outraged and
a visually seductive , unrepentantly trashy take
Rohmer 's talky films fascinate me
momentary joys
modest chuckles
`` Sweet Home Alabama '' is what it is -- a nice , harmless date film ...
to the intelligence of the true genre enthusiast
supplies with tremendous skill
and witty dialogue
and without fuss ;
training
transcendent performance
it 's all quite tasteful to look at
it 's a werewolf itself by avoiding eye contact and walking slowly away . It 's fun
invited to the party
involved talent
Good fun
Good
Gloriously goofy -LRB- and gory -RRB- midnight movie stuff .
Gollum 's ` performance ' is incredible
is a visual tour-de-force and a story that is unlike any you will likely see anywhere else
is a whole lot of fun
is a sweet , honest , and enjoyable comedy-drama about a young woman who wants many things in life , but fears she 'll become her mother before she gets to fulfill her dreams
is a sweet , honest , and enjoyable comedy-drama about a young woman who wants many things in life , but fears she 'll become her mother before she gets to fulfill her dreams .
is a sweet treasure and something well worth
it starts to become good
it still works .
the talents of screenwriter Charlie Kaufman , creator of Adaptation and Being John Malkovich .
the tension that keeps you in your seat
the terrific performances by Christopher Plummer , as the prime villain ,
the terrific performances
the terrific performances by Christopher Plummer , as the prime villain , and Nathan Lane as Vincent Crummles , the eccentric theater company manager
dancing , running , sweating , mopping his face and generally displaying the wacky talent that brought him fame in the first place
dancing and fabulous music .
dared
will resonate with singles of many ages
will savor every minute of Cox 's work .
will savor every minute of Cox 's work
will tell you what you know when deciding to see it : Anthony . Hopkins
will touch the hearts of both children and adults , as well as bring audiences to the edge of their seats
will want to check
Tsai has a well-deserved reputation as one of the cinema world 's great visual stylists ,
Tsai has a well-deserved reputation as one of the cinema world 's great visual stylists , and
Tsai has a well-deserved reputation as one of the cinema world 's great visual stylists , and in this film , every shot enhances the excellent performances
Tsai has a well-deserved reputation as one of the cinema world 's great visual stylists , and in this film , every shot enhances the excellent performances .
about the long and eventful spiritual journey of the guru who helped
about the need to stay in touch with your own skin , at 18 or 80
does capture the complexity of a big family and its trials and tribulations ...
about the monsters we make , and the vengeance they
a tireless story
about the origins of Nazi politics and aesthetics
in the end , you feel alive - which is what they did
different ( and better )
does capture the complexity of a big family and its trials and tribulations
Touches smartly and wistfully
Touches smartly and wistfully on a number of themes , not least the notion that the marginal members of society ... might benefit from a helping hand and a friendly kick in the pants .
deemed important enough to make a film in which someone has to be hired to portray Richard Dawson
filmic epiphany
filmed drama about a father and son connection that is a brief shooting star of love .
filmed drama about a father and son connection that is a brief shooting star of love
film that presents an audacious tour of the past and takes within its warm embrace the bounties of cultural artifacts inside St . Petersburg
film that is a portrait of grace in an imperfect world .
film to shake from your conscience when night falls
film to be savored
and funny
cinema classic
childhood innocence combined with indoctrinated prejudice
technically proficient
technical accomplishments
tears welled up in my eyes both times
technically proficient and
our senses with the chilling sights
those relationships , including that between the son and his wife , and the wife and the father , and between the two brothers , with incredible subtlety and acumen
those rare films that come by once in a while with flawless amounts of acting , direction , story and pace
be America 's Sweetheart
hoping that it would be sleazy and fun
is A. .
putting together familiar themes of family , forgiveness and love in a new way
meets his future wife
is A. . .
putting together familiar themes of family , forgiveness and love
'm going to give it a marginal thumbs up
'll still be glued to the screen
'll take the latter every time
'll still be glued to the screen .
'm giving it a strong thumbs up
from a strong performance from Zhao
from enjoying much of it
from perfection
kiddie entertainment ,
kiddie entertainment , sophisticated wit and symbolic graphic design
it goes by quickly , because it has some of the funniest jokes of any movie this year , including those intended for adults
kiddie entertainment , sophisticated wit and
it has just as many scenes that are lean and tough enough to fit in any modern action movie
look classy in a '60s -
make the most out of its characters ' flaws
make undemanding action movies with all the alacrity of their Hollywood counterparts
make us examine our values
Steve Martin
is left with the inescapable conclusion that Hitchens ' obsession with Kissinger is , at bottom , a sophisticated flower child 's desire to purge the world of the tooth and claw of human power
is kind of special
is just too original to be ignored
is just too original to be ignored .
eventually begins to yield some interesting results .
eventually arrives at its heart , as simple self-reflection meditation .
eventually pays off and is effective if you stick with it
ever fit smoothly together
like Kubrick before him , may not touch the planet 's skin , but understands the workings of its spirit .
suited for the history or biography channel
amid a compelling plot
enough innovation or pizazz
amazing on a technical level
ambiguity and creating mood
ambiguous
ambling , broad comedy
have gone a long way
have called this gutsy and at times exhilarating movie a great yarn
have a very strong back
Holy mad maniac in a mask , Splat-Man ! Good old-fashioned slash-and-hack
dramatic , funny and poignant
dramatic punch
dramatic snapshot
dramatically depicting the lives of others onstage
more to think about after the final frame
more than sucking you in ... and making you sweat
more than that , it 's an observant , unfussily poetic meditation about identity and alienation
There 's a disreputable air about the whole thing , and that 's what makes it irresistible .
There 's no denying the physically spectacular qualities of the film ... or the emotional integrity of the performances .
There are just enough twists in the tale to make it far more satisfying than almost any horror film in recent memory .
Angela Gheorghiu as famous prima donna Floria Tosca , Roberto Alagna as her lover Mario Cavaradossi , and Ruggero as the villainous , lecherous police chief Scarpia , all sing beautifully and act adequately .
endure three terminally depressed , mostly inarticulate , hyper dysfunctional families for the price of one
energetic acting
energetic cast
energetic musicals
energy and imagination
energy right
it 's not bad prose
it 's not half-bad
any given frame look like a family 's custom-made Christmas card
from such a great one
balanced by a rich visual clarity and deeply
balances action and reflection as it lets you grasp and feel the passion others have for their work
P . T . Anderson understands the grandness of romance and how love is the great equalizer that can calm us of our daily ills and bring out joys in our lives that we never knew were possible .
P . T . Anderson understands the grandness of romance and
P . T . Anderson understands the grandness of romance and how love is the great equalizer that can calm us of our daily ills and bring out joys in our lives that we never knew were possible
Pacino and Williams seem to keep upping the ante on each other , just as their characters do in the film . What results is the best performance from either in years .
Pacino gives one of his most daring , and complicated , performances
a half-baked stand-up routine
a handful of smart jokes
work up
of spontaneous creativity and authentic co-operative interaction
properly spooky
properly intense , claustrophobic tale
properly spooky film
McTiernan 's remake may be lighter on its feet
it , offering fine acting moments and pungent
this movie worth seeing
this oddly sweet comedy
this oddly sweet comedy about jokester highway patrolmen
there is one word that best describes this film : honest .
Almost everyone growing up believes their family must look like `` The Addams Family '' to everyone looking in
Almost everyone growing up believes their family must look like `` The Addams Family '' to everyone looking in ... `` My Big Fat Greek Wedding '' comes from the heart
Almost everyone growing up believes their family must look like `` The Addams Family '' to everyone looking in ... `` My Big Fat Greek Wedding '' comes from the heart ...
alacrity
that in the nicest possible way
was only a matter of time before some savvy producer saw the potential success inherent in the mixture of Bullock Bubble and Hugh Goo
was only a matter of time before some savvy producer saw the potential success inherent in the mixture of Bullock Bubble and Hugh Goo .
that is nobility of a sort
feels unusually assured
feels like the logical , unforced continuation of the careers of a pair of spy kids
feels comfortable with taking insane liberties and doing the goofiest stuff out of left field
the gags are often a stitch
the gags are often a stitch .
blending entrepreneurial zeal with the testimony of satisfied customers
and charmingly
of relaxing around old friends
of resembling a stage play
of reminding yourself that it 's a '' true story '' and you 're likely to have one helluva time at the movies
of rolling musical back beat and supercharged cartoon warfare
trump
finely crafted , finely written ,
finely crafted , finely written
enjoy much of Jonah simply , and gratefully ,
breezy movie
of the rollicking dark humor so necessary
breathtakingly spectacular
looking for a thrilling sci-fi cinematic ride
with several survivors , whose riveting memories are rendered with such clarity that it 's as if it all happened only yesterday
is infused with the sensibility of a video director
Moving and vibrant
Moving and vibrant .
always interesting
Moving and
had a sense of humor
is a strong directorial stamp on every frame of this stylish film that is able to visualize schizophrenia but is still confident enough to step back and look at the sick character with a sane eye
to Hoffman 's powerful acting clinic
support the premise other than fling gags at it
just zings along with vibrance and warmth .
just what ( Aniston ) has always needed to grow into a movie career
itself by avoiding eye contact and walking slowly away . It 's fun
comfort and familiarity
into the stronger of the two films
intricate elegance
a buoyant delivery
intrigues and even fascinates us
a buddy movie
adaptation and elaborate production
you 'd think by now america would have had enough of plucky british eccentrics with hearts of gold . yet the act is still charming here .
insight and humor
, point and purpose
fun like the Vincent Price horror classics of the '60s .
fully realized story
fully explored
fun ( and scary )
The movie is brilliant , really .
informative and breathtakingly spectacular
informative and
infinitely more wrenching
infinitely wittier version
influential
is a movie that 's got oodles of style and substance
The movie is amateurish , but it 's a minor treat .
and enjoyable
in director Randall Wallace 's flag-waving war flick with a core of decency
with roussillon providing comic relief
cheered at just that
a well-written and occasionally challenging social drama that actually has something interesting to say
a well-written and occasionally challenging social drama
a welcome lack
a welcome and heartwarming addition to the romantic comedy genre
compelling in its fatalist worldview .
a whip-crack of a buddy movie
Despite what anyone believes about the goal of its makers , the show ... represents a spectacular piece of theater ,
rises above easy , cynical potshots at morally bankrupt characters ...
, highly enjoyable
, heartwarming digitally animated feature film with plenty of slapstick humor for the kids , lots of in-jokes for the adults and heart enough for everyone .
, high literary aspirations and stunning acting
some clever writing and
, his increasing weariness as much existential
some awesome action photography and
The most surprising thing about this film
, hopefully , be remembered as one of the most important stories to be told in Australia 's film history
at meaningful cinema
While it 's genuinely cool to hear characters talk about early rap records ( Sugar Hill Gang , etc . )
for Blade II
for Gai 's character to avoid the fate that has befallen every other Carmen before her
is of the sweet , gentle and occasionally cloying kind that has become an Iranian specialty
Able to provide insight into a fascinating part of theater history
is one of Polanski 's best films
is one of Polanski 's best films .
Abbass 's understated
that are among cinema 's finest this year
that can be as simultaneously funny , offbeat and heartwarming ( without a thick shmear of the goo , at least )
that avoids the cartoonish clichés and sneering humor of the genre as it provides a fresh view of an old type
that carries its share of laughs -- sometimes a chuckle , sometimes a guffaw and , to my great pleasure , the occasional belly laugh
A comprehensive and provocative film -- one that pushes the boundaries of biography , and challenges its audience .
here of a director enjoying himself immensely
prize winner
I 've got a creepy feeling that the film is closer to the mark than I want to believe
I 'm still stunned . And I 've decided to leave a light on every night from now on
I 'm still stunned .
Huppert 's show to steal and she makes a meal of it , channeling Kathy Baker 's creepy turn as the repressed mother on Boston Public just as much as 8 Women 's Augustine .
inspired levity that it ca n't be dismissed as mindless
inspired portrait
inspired levity
inspires a continuing and deeply satisfying awareness of the best movies as monumental ` picture shows .
inspires a continuing and deeply satisfying awareness of the best movies as monumental ` picture shows . '
inspires
inspires a continuing and deeply satisfying awareness of the best movies as monumental ` picture shows
inspiring , ironic , and revelatory of just
magic takes over the film
made with an enormous amount of affection
made such a strong impression
made to share the silver screen
made such a strong impression in his underwear
... a vivid , thoughtful , unapologetically raw coming-of-age tale full of sex , drugs and rock 'n' roll .
... a thoughtful what-if for the heart as well as the mind .
his even-handed ideological ship
it does sustain an enjoyable level of ridiculousness
admired this work a lot
admired
acknowledges and celebrates their cheesiness as the reason why people get a kick out of watching them today
acting , good dialogue , good pace
acting , good dialogue
acts circles around her better known co-star , Mark Wahlberg
admirable for what it does n't do
admirable
at his best
Awesome creatures , breathtaking scenery , and epic battle scenes
Awesome creatures , breathtaking scenery , and epic battle scenes add up to another ` spectacular spectacle . '
Awesome creatures , breathtaking scenery ,
Awesome creatures , breathtaking scenery , and
Awesome creatures ,
Awesome creatures , breathtaking scenery
Complex , affecting and uniquely
Complex , affecting and
Complex , affecting
Clever , brutal and strangely soulful movie
Clever ,
of the cleverest , most deceptively amusing comedies of the year
of the creative act
the film 's final scene is soaringly , transparently moving .
the film 's power lies in its complexity . Nothing is black and white .
solidly seaworthy
Children and adults enamored of all things Pokemon
belongs to Nicholson . Gone are the flamboyant mannerisms that are the trademark of several of his performances . As Schmidt , Nicholson walks with a slow , deliberate gait , chooses his words carefully and subdues his natural exuberance
one that many more people should check out
coordinated his own DV poetry
we had no trouble sitting for Blade II .
things that elevate '' Glory '' above most of its ilk
things that elevate '' Glory '' above most of its ilk ,
an engaging look at the controversial eponymous and fiercely atheistic hero
an engaging look
an emotionally rich , poetically plump and visually fulsome , but never showy , film
an engaging and warm performance
an emotionally rich , poetically plump and visually fulsome , but never showy , film whose bittersweet themes are reinforced
an elaborate haunted house
an easy pace
one out of the park for the ` they do n't make 'em like that anymore ' department
one out of the park for the ` they do n't make 'em like that anymore ' department .
things interesting
talented and notorious subject
things going at a rapid pace , occasionally using an omniscient voice-over narrator in the manner of French New Wave films
one of the most ingenious and entertaining thrillers I 've seen in quite a long time .
's a smart , solid , kinetically-charged spy flick worthy of a couple hours of summertime and a bucket of popcorn
's a sly , amusing , laugh-filled little gem in which the ultimate `` Bellini '' begins to look like a `` real Kaputschnik
's a sheer unbridled delight in the way
the libretto directs , ideally capturing the opera 's drama and lyricism
's a testament to the film 's considerable charm
an unusual , thoughtful bio-drama with a rich subject and some fantastic moments and scenes
, it is nonetheless -- and likely inadvertently -- a timely and invaluable implicit reminder of the role that U.S. foreign policy has played in the rise of Castro .
, it is still ultimately very satisfying .
reaching the comic heights it obviously desired
pivotal narrative point
this comic slugfest
this colorful bio-pic of a Mexican icon
this colorful bio-pic
at ease sharing the same scene
the miracle of shainberg 's film is that it truly is romance
the manner of a golden book sprung to life
the messy emotions raging throughout this three-hour effort are instantly recognizable , allowing the film to paradoxically feel familiar and foreign at the same time
the miracle
the miracle of shainberg 's film
a distinct flair
to praise first
McGrath has deftly trimmed Dickens ' wonderfully sprawling soap opera , the better to focus on the hero 's odyssey from cowering poverty to courage and happiness .
For the most part Wilde 's droll whimsy helps `` Being Earnest '' overcome its weaknesses and
For proof of that on the cinematic front , look no further than this 20th anniversary edition of the film that Spielberg calls , retrospectively , his most personal work yet .
For the most part Wilde 's droll whimsy helps `` Being Earnest '' overcome its weaknesses and Parker 's creative interference
two bright stars
two bright stars of the moment who can rise to fans ' lofty expectations
a level of connection and concern
a legal thriller
a laugh riot
intricate intellectual gamesmanship
intriguing and entertaining
intriguing and entertaining introduction
intriguing snapshot
Trapped is an effective and claustrophobic thriller .
Satisfyingly
to shake from your conscience when night falls
wisdom that comes with experience
charitable
charismatic Roger
characters who think and talk about their goals , and are working on hard decisions
characterizing how people from such diverse cultures share the same human and spiritual needs
eventual success
eventful
even the softest moments in the angry revolt of his wit
wisdom
is ... determined to treat its characters , weak and strong , as fallible human beings , not caricatures , and to carefully delineate the cost of the inevitable conflicts between human urges and an institution concerned with self-preservation .
The Salton Sea has moments of inspired humour , though every scrap is of the darkest variety .
The Salton Sea works the way a good noir should
at his most sparkling
Gangster No. 1 a worthwhile moviegoing experience
at the peak of their powers
at the variety of tones in Spielberg 's work
Cho 's fearless in picking apart human foibles , not afraid to lay her life bare in front of an audience .
been more fun than it is in Nine Queens
pyrotechnics its punchy style promises
crème brûlée
winning performances and some effecting moments
winning flight of revisionist fancy
winning family story
winning comedy
winning and wildly fascinating work
winning and wildly fascinating
winning , heartwarming yarn
wins still
WEIRD that I honestly never knew what the hell was coming next
Vs
elevates the material above pat inspirational status
the film is weak on detail and strong on personality
elevates the experience to a more mythic level
may take on a striking new significance for anyone who sees the film
maybe even its inventiveness
me a lot of Memento
pretty much delivers on that promise
pretty enjoyable
making a Farrelly Brothers-style , down-and-dirty laugher for the female
worthy of a couple hours of summertime and a bucket of popcorn . Nothing overly original
an intelligent romantic
an intelligent romantic thriller
an idea , what a thrill ride . this is a more fascinating look at the future than '' bladerunner '' and
an idea , what a thrill ride . this is a more fascinating look at the future than '' bladerunner '' and one of the most high-concept sci fi adventures attempted for the screen
an intelligent
an idea , what a thrill ride . this is a more fascinating look at the future than '' bladerunner ''
positives
Nijinsky
elevated by Michael Caine 's performance as a weary journalist in a changing world
'' is the phenomenal , water-born cinematography by David Hennings
a certain style and wit to the dialogue
a certain style and wit
a curious
elevated by Michael Caine 's performance
Russian Ark is a new treasure of the Hermitage .
it well worth watching
it will warm your heart
it will remind them that Hong Kong action cinema is still alive and kicking .
it will warm your heart , and
it will warm your heart ,
it will warm your heart , and I 'm giving it a strong thumbs up
the lively intelligence
to ponder the whole notion of passion
very well shot or composed or edited
survive a screening with little harm done ,
surveyed high school students ... and came back with the astonishing revelation that '' they wanted to see something that did n't talk down to them . ''
, On Guard delivers
the best little `` horror '' movie
You feel good , you feel sad , you feel pissed off , but in the end , you feel alive - which is what they did .
Most of Crush is a clever and captivating romantic comedy with a welcome pinch of tartness .
the epicenter of cool , beautiful , thought-provoking foreign cinema
delighted
delivered to the big screen safe and sound
demonstrate that there 's still a lot of life in Hong Kong cinema
demonstrate that there 's still a lot of life in Hong Kong cinema .
jose campanella delivers a loosely autobiographical story brushed with sentimentality but brimming with gentle humor , bittersweet pathos , and lyric moments that linger like snapshots of memory
jolie gives it that extra little something that makes it worth checking out at theaters , especially if you 're in the mood for something more comfortable than challenging
jolie gives it that extra little something that makes it worth checking out at theaters , especially if you 're in the mood for something more comfortable than challenging .
killer website movie
kinetically-charged spy flick worthy
of sweet-and-sour insider movie that film buffs will eat up like so much gelati
of sulky teen drama and overcoming-obstacles sports-movie triumph
of suspense , intriguing characters and bizarre bank robberies , plus a heavy dose of father-and-son dynamics
, nutty , consistently funny .
Crudup 's anchoring performance
Dead Gorgeous
on the whole , you 're gonna like this movie .
on the wonderful acting clinic put on by Spader and Gyllenhaal
once intimate and universal cinema
presents events partly from the perspective of aurelie and christelle , and infuses the film with the sensibility of a particularly nightmarish fairytale
that implies an underlying order throughout the chaos
pretty
that intrigues and even fascinates us
professionals
promising
'd have to be a most hard-hearted person not to be moved by this drama .
'd have to be a most hard-hearted person not to be moved by this drama
'd have a 90-minute , four-star movie .
'd have a 90-minute , four-star movie
'd be more accurate to say that I found it intriguing , bizarre , Dogma-like in spots - and quite truthful , in its way
that is a little closer to human nature than what Hollywood typically concocts
that is a portrait of grace in an imperfect world
the roots of the skateboarding boom
the roots of the skateboarding boom that would become '' the punk kids ' revolution
most watchable
most virtuous limits
most virtuous
most watchable film
Discursive but oddly riveting documentary .
Chaiken ably balances real-time rhythms with propulsive incident .
Chabrol 's best
Chabrol 's most intense psychological mysteries
Martin and Barbara are complex characters -- sometimes tender , sometimes angry -- and the delicate performances by Sven Wollter and Viveka Seldahl make their hopes and frustrations vivid .
Maud and Roland 's search for an unknowable past makes for a haunting literary detective story ,
Maud and Roland 's search for an unknowable past makes for a haunting literary detective story , but LaBute pulls off a neater trick in Possession :
Maud and Roland 's search for an unknowable past makes for a haunting literary detective story , but
Maud and Roland 's search for an unknowable past makes for a haunting literary detective story , but LaBute pulls off a neater trick in Possession : He makes language sexy
May be far from the best of the series , but it 's assured , wonderfully respectful of its past and thrilling enough to make it abundantly clear that this movie phenomenon has once again reinvented itself for a new generation
a strong narrative
Tavernier is more concerned with the entire period of history
Tavernier 's film bounds along with the rat-a-tat energy of '' His Girl Friday , '' maintaining a light touch while tackling serious themes .
the film conjures the magic of author J . K . Rowling 's books .
the sweet , gentle and occasionally cloying kind that has become an Iranian specialty
plaguing the human spirit in a relentlessly globalizing world
moving , and adventurous directorial debut
same sledgehammer appeal
ripe , enrapturing
each one of these people stand out
dystopian
dystopia
Return to Never Land is reliable , standard Disney animated fare , with enough creative energy and wit to entertain all ages .
Return to Never Land is reliable
Resurrection
heard before
young romantics
young is cool , and too young is too cool
Better still , he does all of this , and more , while remaining one of the most savagely hilarious social critics this side of Jonathan Swift .
salvation and good intentions
richer shadings
A hysterical
that I truly enjoyed most of Mostly Martha while I ne
but I liked its heart and its spirit .
but I cried , not once , but three times in this animated sweet film .
but Family Fundamentals displays a rare gift for unflinching impartiality .
but Abbas infuses the role with an unimpeachable core of emotional truth .
but , more to the point , the issues are subtly presented , managing to walk a fine line with regard to the question of Joan 's madness .
but Sweet Home Alabama hits the mark with critics who escaped from a small town life .
but LaBute pulls off a neater trick in Possession
really get inside of them .
the topic of relationships in such a straightforward , emotionally honest manner that by the end
really get inside of them
politics and drama , an admirable ambition .
An entertaining mix of period drama and flat-out farce that should please history fans
really busts out of its comfy little cell
impeccable acting ... and a script that takes some rather unexpected ( even , at times , preposterous ) turns
impeccable acting ... and
impeccable acting ...
impeccable acting
Without resorting to hyperbole
impacting film
impact rather than stunning
Best enjoyed as a work of fiction inspired by real-life events .
as a noble teacher who embraces a strict moral code
as a painful elegy and sobering cautionary tale
as a playful recapitulation of the artist 's career
What 's surprising about Full Frontal is that despite its overt self-awareness , parts of the movie still manage to break past the artifice and thoroughly engage you .
What '' Empire '' lacks in depth it makes up for with its heart .
Woo 's fights have a distinct flair . His warriors collide in balletic explosion that implies an underlying order throughout the chaos .
Westfeldt and Juergensen exude a chemistry and comfort level that 's both saucy and endearing .
Well-written , nicely acted and beautifully shot and scored , the film works on several levels , openly questioning social mores while ensnaring the audience with its emotional pull .
or have forgotten about the unmentioned victims of war
gripping film
gripping tale
gripping , searing portrait
grind on
creates a drama with such a well-defined sense of place and age -- as in , 15 years old --
resemble their celebrity parents
wonder .
One well-timed explosion in a movie can be a knockout ,
belongs in the very top rank of French filmmakers
believing in something does matter
belly laughs
point and purpose
poetry and passion
a feature film that is wickedly fun to watch
scale to satisfy as grown-up escapism
see it and enjoy
see it and enjoy .
what is and always has been remarkable about clung-to traditions
what is kind of special
what is surely the funniest and most accurate depiction of writer
have n't seen on the big screen before
tale of courage -- and complicity -- at Auschwitz
talent lies in an evocative , accurate observation of a distinctive milieu
it is as seductive as it is haunting .
it is clearly a good thing .
it is hard to resist
it is impossible not to be awed by the power and grace of one of the greatest natural sportsmen of modern times .
it is impossible to look away . Ah yes
it is nevertheless compelling
the value and respect
has filled out his cast with appealing fresh faces
the urbane sweetness
, happy
, happily , a victim of none
, happily ,
, glib charm
, giving a tight , focused performance illuminated by shards of feeling
, gentle and occasionally cloying kind that has become an Iranian specialty
, full of strength , warmth and vitality .
mopping his face and generally displaying the wacky talent that brought him fame in the first place
Meticulously uncovers a trail of outrageous force and craven concealment .
Metaphors abound , but it is easy to take this film at face value and enjoy its slightly humorous and tender story .
Metaphors abound , but it is easy to take this film at face value and enjoy its slightly humorous and tender story
sticking with you long after it 's over
has delivered an undoubted stylistic tour-de-force , and has managed elements such as sound and cinematography with skill
before realizing Steven Spielberg got it right
haul 'em to the theatre
mature and
Lilo & Stitch '' reach the emotion or timelessness of Disney 's great past , or even that of more recent successes such as `` Mulan '' or `` Tarzan
Likely to have decades of life as a classic movie franchise
Likely to have decades of life as a classic movie franchise ?
viewpoints
was time on that second round to see the subtleties of Ramsay 's portrait of grief .
want to hang out with Samantha
was his forte
Canada 's arctic light shines bright on this frozen tundra soap opera that breathes extraordinary life into the private existence of the Inuit people .
is well crafted , and well executed
is well crafted , and well executed .
is well shot and very tragic
is well worthwhile
is well worthwhile .
is were it not for the striking , quietly vulnerable personality of Ms. Ambrose
A movie of technical skill and rare depth
A movie of riveting power and sadness .
never growing old
never so vividly
nevertheless efficiently amusing for a good while
with all the usual Spielberg flair
nonetheless appreciates the art and reveals a music scene that transcends culture and race
nonetheless appreciates the art and
non-exploitive approach
nonetheless appreciates the art
none of the pushiness and decibel volume of most contemporary comedies
gives a good performance
give it considerable punch
gives a human face to what 's often discussed in purely abstract terms
it holds up in an era in which computer-generated images are the norm
An uplifting drama
is its most immediate and most obvious pleasure
is its make-believe promise of life that soars above the material realm
David Letterman and The Onion
Easily my choice for one of the year 's best films . '
Easily the most thoughtful fictional examination
E . T . works because its flabbergasting principals , 14-year-old Robert MacNaughton , 6-year-old Drew Barrymore and 10-year-old Henry Thomas , convince us of the existence of the wise , wizened visitor from a faraway planet .
ESPN
Easily my choice
Easily my choice for one of the year 's best films
Easily my choice for one of the year 's best films .
A slick , engrossing melodrama
not since Grumpy Old Men have I heard a film so solidly connect with one demographic while striking out with another .
A sharp , amusing study of the cult of celebrity
A sharp , amusing study
A sexy , peculiar and always entertaining costume drama set in Renaissance Spain , and the fact that it 's based on true events somehow makes it all the more compelling .
A simple , but gritty and well-acted ensemble drama that encompasses a potent metaphor for a country still dealing with its fascist past .
A simple , but gritty and well-acted ensemble drama that encompasses a potent metaphor for a country still dealing with its fascist past
A simple , but gritty and well-acted ensemble
A sharp , amusing study of the cult of celebrity .
witty expose
it has some cute moments , funny scenes , and hits the target audience ( young Bow Wow fans ) - with nothing but net
ultimately the story compels
kiddie-friendly
about whimsical folk
It reaffirms life as it looks in the face of death .
Amid the cliché and foreshadowing , Cage manages a degree of casual realism ...
eloquence
darned if it does n't also keep us riveted to our seats
in full consciousness
It treats Ana 's journey with honesty that is tragically rare in the depiction of young women in film .
As expected , Sayles ' smart wordplay and clever plot contrivances are as sharp as ever , though they may be overshadowed by some strong performances .
own breezy , distracted rhythms
As green-guts monster movies go , it 's a beaut .
to soothe and break your heart with a single stroke
the first two-thirds of this sparklingly inventive and artful , always fast and furious tale
but intriguing
but in the richness of its performances
but his subjects are charmers .
but his smart , edgy voice and waddling profile ( emphasized here ) accent the humor of Wilson 's plight , and that saves his pathos from drippiness .
but his script and direction hums with a confidence
but his script and direction hums
to produce another smash
fiercely clever and subtle
leaves you giddy
leaves no heartstring untugged and no liberal cause unplundered
wit and invention
accents so good
fiercely intelligent and
( the kid 's )
heavyweight film
heartwarming without stooping to gooeyness
heartwarming yarn
heated sexuality
heavy for all that has preceded it
the inspired performance
the inspiration of the original and
the intentions are lofty
pg-rated , nonthreatening family movies
pg-rated , nonthreatening family
moving and not infrequently breathtaking film
of its own world
hope
most good-hearted yet sensual entertainment
Director Charles Stone III applies more detail to the film 's music than to the story line ; what 's best about Drumline is its energy .
Director Douglas McGrath
cleverly written
Director Juan Jose Campanella could have turned this into an Argentine retread of '' Iris '' or '' American Beauty , '' but instead pulls a little from each film and creates something more beautiful than either of those films .
Director Nancy Savoca 's no-frills record of a show forged in still-raw emotions
clever scripting solutions
clever script
clever makeup design
clever in spots
cleverly constructed scenario
cleverly constructed
cleverly captures the dry wit that 's so prevalent on The Rock
cleverest
as a witness to several greek-american weddings -- but , happily
to ensnare its target audience .
as a witness to several greek-american weddings -- but , happily , a victim of none -- i can testify to the comparative accuracy of ms . vardalos ' memories and insights
resurrecting performers who rarely work in movies now ...
technically well-made suspenser
half a parsec ( a nose ) ahead of Generations
half the fun of college football games
the pleasures of a slightly naughty , just-above-average off - Broadway play
however , is original
however entertainingly presented ,
however entertainingly presented
but quietly effective retelling
but quietly effective
warm and fuzzy
This is one of Mr. Chabrol 's subtlest works , but also one of his most uncanny .
together in a manner that one never overwhelms the other .
makes it much better than your typical Bond knock-offs
makes complex politics understandable to viewers looking for nothing but energetic entertainment
makes for an arousing good time
makes the film 's occasional overindulgence forgivable .
makes us happy
makes it successful and accessible
makes the film 's occasional overindulgence forgivable
richer and more observant
like a Lifetime special -- pleasant , sweet and forgettable
perfectly captures the hotel lobbies , two-lane highways , and roadside cafes that permeate Vincent 's days
perfect example
perfect film
an exclamation
an excellent sequel
watch these two
decent gags
decent ones
decent performance
decent performances
tends to pile too many '' serious issues '' on its plate at times , yet remains fairly light , always entertaining , and smartly written .
both inspiring and pure joy
both funny and irritating
as rude and profane as ever , always hilarious and , most of the time ,
particularly well-drawn
getting to the good stuff
getting myself wrapped up in the visuals and eccentricities of many of the characters
startling optimism
celebrates the group 's playful spark of nonconformity
celebrates the group 's playful spark of nonconformity ,
Against all odds in heaven and hell , it creeped me out just fine .
Ahhhh ... revenge is sweet !
Al Pacino
starring Piper Perabo in what could be her breakthrough role .
make it memorable
make it mostly worth the trip .
make it mostly worth the trip
make sense of the mundane horrors of the world
make us laugh
make this a two-actor master class
make you very happy
a place alongside the other Hannibal movies
a place in your heart
a playful recapitulation
an aimlessness that 's actually sort of amazing
an affection
an adventurous young talent who finds his inspiration on the fringes of the American underground
an adventurous young talent
an affectionate
an affection for the period
a bit of yourself
of a raindrop
nonconformist
Without resorting to camp or parody , Haynes ( like Sirk , but differently ) has transformed the rhetoric of Hollywood melodrama into something provocative , rich , and strange .
Without resorting to camp or parody
quiet affirmation
Thoroughly engrossing
Thoroughly engrossing and
Those moviegoers who would automatically bypass a hip-hop documentary
as respectful
quiet , pure , elliptical film
A genuinely funny ensemble
plenty of nudity
transports the viewer
transports the viewer into an unusual space
transported into the life of Wladyslaw Szpilman , who is not only a pianist , but a good human being
respects the material
trashy fun
with such good humor
plenty of laughs . It just does n't have much else ... especially
A good music documentary , probably one of the best since The Last Waltz .
recreates a place and time that will never happen again
rediscover the quivering kid inside
most good-hearted
their largest-ever historical canvas
as monumental ` picture shows
able to forgive its mean-spirited second half
able to appreciate the wonderful cinematography and naturalistic acting
Big Bad Love
Bielinsky is a filmmaker of impressive talent .
Bible stores of the potential for sanctimoniousness , making them meaningful for both kids and church-wary adults .
Bible stores of the potential for sanctimoniousness , making them meaningful for both kids and church-wary adults
you will probably have a reasonably good time with The Salton Sea .
the screen like a true star
a compelling piece that demonstrates just how well children can be trained to live out and carry on their parents ' anguish
a compelling piece
a compelling and horrifying story
a compelling
Darkly funny
Daringly perceptive , taut , piercing and feisty , Biggie and Tupac is undeniably subversive and involving in its bold presentation .
Daringly perceptive , taut , piercing and feisty
I 'm sure the filmmakers found this a remarkable and novel concept ,
its rhythms and resonance
its seas of sand to the fierce grandeur of its sweeping battle scenes
its relentless , polished wit
its rapid-fire delivery
its relentless , polished wit can withstand not only inept school productions , but even Oliver Parker 's movie adaptation
for the stunning star
its share of laughs
for the testosterone-charged wizardry of Jerry Bruckheimer productions
Writer-director Burger imaginatively fans the embers of a dormant national grief and curiosity that has calcified into chronic cynicism and fear .
You 'd think by now America would have had enough of plucky British eccentrics with hearts of gold . Yet the act is still charming here .
Yet the act is still charming here .
You Should Pay Nine Bucks for This
You Should Pay Nine Bucks for This : Because you can hear about suffering Afghan refugees on the news and still be unaffected . Dramas like this make it human .
the right stuff for silly summer entertainment
stirs us
stirs us as well
stirring tribute
stirs us as well .
up walking out not only satisfied but
stomach-knotting suspense
with charming results
with action that 's exciting on the field and a story
with a sense of pure wonderment and excitement not often seen in today 's cinema du sarcasm
with a sense of pure wonderment and excitement
up walking out not only satisfied but also somewhat touched
with a winning style
with a welcome pinch of tartness
with a syncopated style mimicking the work of his subjects
Paul Bettany is cool .
the fantasy cinema can be when it 's approached with imagination and flair
An original gem about an obsession with time
An unbelievably fun film just a leading man away from perfection
An exciting and involving rock music doc ,
An extraordinary Swedish film about the soul adventure of marriage --
An extraordinary Swedish film about the soul adventure of marriage -- the kind of intimate and character-driven film that Bille August does best
An intelligent fiction about learning through cultural clash
An involving true story of a Chinese actor who takes up drugs and winds up in an institution
An original gem about an obsession
The reason to see '' Sade '' lay with the chemistry and complex relationship between the marquis ( Auteil ) and Emilie ( Le Besco ) .
The reason to see '' Sade ''
Buckaroo
Bryan Adams , the world 's most generic rock star
any points for originality . It does succeed by following a feel-good formula with a winning style , and by offering its target audience of urban kids
anthropologically detailed
different than anything that 's been done before
difficult but worthy
difficult but worthy film
of emotional intelligence in this engaging film about two men who discover what William James once called ` the gift of tears
of effecting change and inspiring hope
of elaborate and twisted characters
of a filmmaker who has secrets buried at the heart of his story and knows how to take time revealing them
well acted
well together
well acted and
well acted and well intentioned
Each story is built on a potentially interesting idea , but
Earnest and heartfelt
Earnest and heartfelt but undernourished and plodding .
sweet , funny
to mind , while watching Eric Rohmer 's tribute to a courageous Scottish lady
swaying back and forth as it cradles its characters , veiling tension beneath otherwise tender movements
his characters stage
) homage to such films as '' All That Heaven Allows '' and '' Imitation of Life '' transcends them . Simply put
) talent lies in an evocative , accurate observation of a distinctive milieu
, '' Far From Heaven '' is a masterpiece .
, '' MIB II '' succeeds due to its rapid-fire delivery and enough inspired levity that it ca n't be dismissed as mindless .
an intriguing snapshot
an intriguing window into the imagination and hermetic analysis of Todd Solondz
an intriguing snapshot of one man and his delusions
an intriguing window
an uncommonly human character , an almost real-live girl
stylized with lots of flash black
styles and genres
endearing , caring
enchanting film that presents an audacious tour of the past and takes within its warm
encouraging thought
employs to authenticate her British persona
emotionally engrossing , too ,
embrace the bounties of cultural artifacts inside St. Petersburg 's Hermitage Museum
embrace the bounties of cultural artifacts inside St. Petersburg 's Hermitage Museum .
most politically audacious
can not help but love Cinema Paradiso , whether the original version or new Director 's Cut
fluid and mesmerizing
fluid
fluid , no-nonsense authority
fluid and mesmerizing sequence
made headlines
made by bright and friendly souls
loyal and deceitful , responsible and reckless
loyal and deceitful ,
loyal and
loving what you 're seeing , or
lyricism and
you barely realize your mind is being blown .
holographic librarian ( Orlando Jones ) who knows everything and answers all questions , is visually smart , cleverly written , and nicely realized
honest and loving one
honest and loving
honest emotions
honest attempt to get at something
little $ 1.8 million charmer
masterful
masterful performances
's all quite tasteful to look at
A marvelous performance
A marvel of production design .
A marvelous performance by Allison Lohman as an identity-seeking foster child
that you 'll feel too happy to argue much
nominated for an Oscar next year
nominated for an Oscar
nobody here bothered to check it twice .
a solid build-up , a terrific climax , and
succeeds due to its rapid-fire delivery and enough inspired levity
a director who understands how to create and sustain a mood
succeed merrily at their noble endeavor .
a dime
a director I admire
a direct hit
succeed by following a feel-good formula with a winning style , and by offering its target audience of urban kids
successfully crushes a best selling novel into a timeframe that mandates that you avoid the Godzilla
a solid build-up , a terrific climax , and some nice chills along the way
succeeds due to its rapid-fire delivery and enough inspired levity that it ca n't be dismissed as mindless .
succeeds due to its rapid-fire delivery and enough inspired levity that it ca n't be dismissed as mindless
high concept vehicle
the astute direction of Cardoso and beautifully detailed performances by all of the actors
hey , those farts got to my inner nine-year-old
is so cognizant of the cultural and moral issues involved in the process
modestly comic , modestly action-oriented World War II adventure
modest laughs
crude to serve the work especially well
cross swords with the best of them and helm a more traditionally plotted popcorn thriller while surrendering little of his intellectual rigor or creative composure
to Dennis Quaid , in fighting trim shape as an athlete as well as an actor
Jose Campanella delivers a loosely autobiographical story brushed with sentimentality but brimming with gentle humor , bittersweet pathos , and lyric moments that linger like snapshots of memory .
to Clooney fans or adventure buffs
a solid pedigree
is a sweet treasure and something well
a solid pedigree both in front of and , more specifically , behind the camera
why either is impossible -- which forces us to confront what 's possible
the roundelay of partners functions , and the interplay within partnerships and among partnerships and the general air of Gator-bashing are consistently delightful .
Very special effects , brilliantly bold colors
Very special effects , brilliantly bold colors and
Very special effects ,
Very special effects , brilliantly bold colors and heightened reality
Brings to a spectacular completion one of the most complex , generous and subversive artworks of the last decade .
Brings together
Brings together some of the biggest names in Japanese anime , with impressive results
Brings together some of the biggest names in Japanese anime , with impressive results .
Brings awareness to an issue often overlooked -- women 's depression
Brings to a spectacular completion one
Brings to a spectacular completion one of the most complex , generous and subversive artworks of the last decade
speaks volumes more truth than any ` reality ' show
special walk
with sorrow , longing and love
with detail and nuance
with honesty and beauty
with its own cleverness
is funny , smart , visually inventive , and most of all , alive
extremely competent
of a respectable summer blockbuster
Paul Bettany is good at being the ultra-violent gangster wannabe
Paul Bettany is good at being the ultra-violent gangster wannabe ,
Lead actress Gaï , she of the impossibly long limbs and sweetly conspiratorial smile , is a towering siren .
Lead actress Gaï , she of the impossibly long limbs and sweetly conspiratorial smile ,
Lead actress Gaï , she of the impossibly long limbs and sweetly conspiratorial smile
Last Orders nurtures the multi-layers of its characters , allowing us to remember that life 's ultimately a gamble and last orders are to be embraced . It 's affecting , amusing , sad and reflective .
a nonstop hoot
a no-bull throwback to 1970s action films
intellectual gamesmanship
that Kidman has become one of our best actors
fairly solid
fairly solid -- not to mention
fairly solid -- not to mention well edited so that it certainly does n't feel like a film that strays past the two and a half mark
's definitely -- defiantly --
budding amours
built-in audience
compelling characters and
I 'm sure if you 're a Hartley fan , you might enjoy yourself ...
compelling and brilliantly
the rich promise
the rich promise of the script
A clever blend
A clever blend of fact and fiction .
If '' Lilo & Stitch '' is n't the most edgy piece of Disney animation to hit the silver screen , then this first film to use a watercolor background since '' Dumbo '' certainly ranks as the most original in years .
live in them , who have carved their own comfortable niche in the world and have been kind enough to share it
exciting moviemaking
, My Big Fat Greek Wedding is a non-stop funny feast of warmth , colour and cringe .
, Mr. Schnitzler proves himself a deft pace master and stylist .
, Mr. Rose 's updating works surprisingly well .
, Mr. Ratliff wisely rejects the temptation to make fun of his subjects .
They do a good job of painting this family dynamic for the audience
, Nicholson walks with a slow , deliberate gait , chooses his words carefully and subdues his natural exuberance .
and it 's therapeutic to laugh along with them .
and it 's a story that we as Americans , and human beings , should know
and intriguing thriller
and invigorating
Love '' is a little like a chocolate milk moustache
done the nearly impossible
fame . His healthy sense of satire is light and fun
familiar , fairly uneventful and boasting no real surprises -- but still quite tasty and inviting all the same
faithful portraiture
Maybe it 's just because this past year has seen the release of some of the worst film comedies in decades ... But honestly , Analyze That really is n't all that bad
is to be mesmerised .
Morton is a great actress portraying a complex character ,
Morton is a great actress portraying a complex character , but
, the film delivers a solid mixture of sweetness and laughs .
, the film can only be applauded .
, the film , sporting a breezy spontaneity and realistically drawn characterizations , develops into a significant character study that is both moving and wise
, the film is almost unsurpassed .
, the film is a refreshingly serious look at young women .
, the film feels like a breath of fresh air , but only to those that allow it in .
, the film evokes strong emotions and pushes viewers to question their deepest notions of moral right and wrong .
, the film is typical Miike : fast , furious and full of off-the-cuff imaginative flourishes .
He 's the God of Second Chances '
Haynes makes us see familiar issues , like racism and homophobia , in a fresh way .
Morton is a great actress portraying a complex character , but Morvern Callar grows less compelling the farther it meanders from its shocking start
something purer
was that Santa bumps up against 21st century reality so hard
bold presentation
bombshell documentary
bombshell
bone-chilling
the striking , quietly vulnerable personality of Ms. Ambrose
impressive hybrid .
impressive as its American counterpart
impress about E.T.
impossible to look away
work , love stories require the full emotional involvement
is just a big , gorgeous , mind-blowing , breath-taking mess
is involving
is inspiring , especially for aging hippies ( this one included ) .
is inspiring , especially for aging hippies ( this one included )
is inspirational in characterizing how people from such diverse cultures share the same human and spiritual needs .
is inspirational in characterizing how people from such diverse cultures share the same human and spiritual needs
is indeed a duty of art to reflect life
is incarnated in the movie 's soundtrack , a joyful effusion of disco Bollywood that , by the end of Monsoon Wedding , sent my spirit soaring out of the theater
the vehicle to adore the star
This insightful , Oscar-nominated documentary ,
This insightful , Oscar-nominated documentary , in which children on both sides of the ever-escalating conflict have their say away from watchful parental eyes
made him feel powerful
made him a truly larger-than-life character
made infinitely more wrenching by the performances of real-life spouses Seldahl and Wollter
made literature literal without killing its soul
made literature literal without killing its soul -- a feat any thinking person is bound to appreciate
the picture realizes a fullness that does not negate the subject .
adults . The characters are interesting and often very creatively constructed from figure to backstory .
the good sense to cast actors who are , generally speaking , adored by the movie-going public
aesthetic experience
may not be as cutting , as witty or as true as back in the glory days of Weekend and Two or Three Things I Know About Her , but who else engaged in filmmaking today is so cognizant of the cultural and moral issues involved in the process ?
worrying about covering all the drama in Frida 's life
, as does the appropriately brief 40-minute running time
, and the film uses humour to make its points about acceptance and growth .
, and to visit with some of the people who were able to make an impact in the theater world
the beauty of baseball
of the best
the basis of the wisdom
starts with a legend and ends with a story that is so far-fetched it would be impossible to believe if it were n't true
the beauty
the average is higher than in Mary and most other recent comedies .
that of more recent successes such
fearless
of the best and most exciting movies
favored for decades
favored
favourite
favorite
fear-inducing ( not fear-reducing ) film
fear-inducing ( not fear-reducing ) film from Japanese director Hideo Nakata , who takes the superstitious curse on chain letters and actually applies it .
fear-inducing ( not fear-reducing ) film from Japanese director Hideo Nakata , who takes the superstitious curse on chain letters and actually applies it
open yourself up to Mr. Reggio 's theory of this imagery as the movie 's set
of the best movies of the year
marveling
marveling at these guys ' superhuman capacity
marveling at these guys ' superhuman capacity to withstand pain
in them , who have carved their own comfortable niche in the world
in these characters ' foibles a timeless and unique perspective
most entertaining moments
a film brimming with detail and nuance
a figurative port-of-call
A good film with a solid pedigree both in front of and , more specifically , behind the camera
a film that dazzles the eye , challenges the brain
a film brimming with detail and nuance and one that speaks volumes about the ability of the human spirit to find solace in events that could easily crush it forever
comic fan
commands interest almost solely as an exercise in gorgeous visuals
commands interest almost solely as an exercise in gorgeous visuals .
an unmistakable , easy joie de vivre
an unmistakable , easy joie
an unflinching look
an unhappy , repressed and twisted personal life their tormentor deserved . These people are really going to love The Piano Teacher
then illuminates it fully and allows the larger implications of the journey to sink in unobtrusively
as anything distinctive or daring
gloriously flippant as Lock , Stock and Two Smoking Barrels
glows
glows with enthusiasm , sensuality and a conniving wit
go ape
go ape over this movie
shocked if there was actually one correct interpretation , but that should n't make the movie or the discussion any less enjoyable
, transparently moving
, told well by a master storyteller
, touching , smart and complicated
, tidy little movie
, told fairly well and scored to perfection , I found myself struggling to put my finger on that elusive '' missing thing . ''
, to the adrenaline jolt of a sudden lunch rush at the diner
overshadowed by some strong performances
overindulgence forgivable
relaxed in its perfect quiet pace
the art combined with the humor and intelligence of the script
the ambiguous welcome extended by Iran to the Afghani refugees who streamed across its borders , desperate for work and food
the ambiguous welcome
warm without ever succumbing to sentimentality
for its boundary-hopping formal innovations and glimpse
be right at home
' ... a great , participatory spectator sport . '
, this is the movie for you
, this is the kind of movie that deserves a chance to shine .
, this marvelous documentary touches -- ever so gracefully -- on the entire history of the Yiddish theater , both in America and Israel .
, this is the ultimate movie experience
, this modern mob music drama never fails to fascinate .
, this melancholic film noir reminded me a lot of Memento ...
, this retooled Machine is ultimately effective enough at achieving the modest , crowd-pleasing goals it sets for itself .
, this will be an enjoyable choice for younger kids .
, this somber picture reveals itself slowly , intelligently , artfully .
being pushed and pulled ( literally and figuratively ) by desire ... ( Sex and Lucía ) makes for an arousing good time .
been possible to say that Williams has truly inhabited a character
been given a loving screen transferral
it more than adequately fills the eyes and stirs the emotions
it might just be the movie you 're looking for
it might deliver again and again
it must be said that he is an imaginative filmmaker who can see the forest for the trees .
it must be admitted , not entirely humorless . Indeed
it more than makes up for in drama , suspense , revenge , and romance .
it never lacks in eye-popping visuals
The movie is gorgeously made
urbane sweetness
An enthralling aesthetic experience ,
An enthralling aesthetic experience
An enthralling aesthetic experience , one that 's steeped in mystery and a ravishing , baroque beauty .
An enthralling aesthetic experience , one that 's steeped in mystery and a ravishing , baroque beauty
An exhilarating futuristic thriller-noir
An exhilarating
An exhilarating futuristic thriller-noir , Minority Report
An exhilarating serving of movie fluff
An exhilarating futuristic thriller-noir , Minority Report twists the best of technology around a gripping story , delivering a riveting , pulse intensifying escapist adventure of the first order
to the spare , unchecked heartache of Yasujiro Ozu
lies in an evocative , accurate observation of a distinctive milieu
life changes
lifts your spirits
light , fun cheese puff
liberal doses of dark humor , gorgeous exterior photography , and a stable-full of solid performances
liberating
to the tongue-in-cheek attitude of the screenplay
light and fun
are spectacular
are still unconcerned about what they ingest
is also elevated by it -- the kind of movie that you enjoy more because you 're one of the lucky few who sought it out
is also elevated by it -- the kind of movie
is also imbued with strong themes of familial ties and spirituality that are powerful and moving without stooping to base melodrama
is also elevated by it -- the kind of movie that you enjoy more because you 're one of the lucky few who sought it out .
is among Wiseman 's warmest .
is among Wiseman 's warmest
willing to let the earnestness of its execution and skill of its cast take you down a familiar road with a few twists
willingness to believe in it
win any points for originality
makes it worth checking out at theaters
a charming and evoking little ditty
a charming and evoking little ditty that manages to show the gentle and humane side of Middle Eastern world politics
a charming , funny and beautifully crafted import
a chain of relationships that come full circle to end on a positive ( if tragic ) note
a certain part of a man 's body
a certain poignancy
like nostalgia
like no other film in recent history
surveyed high school students ... and came back with the astonishing revelation that `` they wanted to see something that did n't talk down to them . ''
like nothing we Westerners have seen before
survival wrapped in the heart-pounding suspense of a stylish psychological thriller
surprising new life into the familiar by amalgamating genres and adding true human complexity to its not-so-stock characters . '
in its own aloof , unreachable way it 's so fascinating you wo n't be able to look away for a second
surprisingly serviceable
in its own direction
any after-school special you can imagine
any art-house moviegoer
With three excellent principal singers , a youthful and good-looking diva and tenor and richly handsome locations
an effortlessly regal charisma
who knows how to hold the screen
who knows everything and answers all questions , is visually smart , cleverly written , and nicely realized
dilutes the potency of otherwise respectable action . Still , this flick is fun , and host to some truly excellent sequences
short on plot but rich in the tiny revelations of real life
an assurance worthy
equally gentle
equally gentle sentiments
equally gentle sentiments on the button
epiphanies
equal amounts of naiveté , passion and talent
erotic or sensuous charge
's hard not to be carried away
's happening but you 'll be blissfully exhausted
's hard to fairly judge a film like RINGU when you 've seen the remake first . Many of the effective horror elements are dampened through familiarity , ( yet ) are worthwhile .
's hard to imagine anyone managing to steal a movie not only from charismatic rising star Jake Gyllenhaal but also from accomplished Oscar winners Susan Sarandon , Dustin Hoffman and Holly Hunter , yet newcomer Ellen Pompeo pulls off the feat with aplomb .
's hard to imagine anyone managing to steal a movie not only from charismatic rising star Jake Gyllenhaal but also from accomplished Oscar winners Susan Sarandon , Dustin Hoffman and Holly Hunter , yet newcomer Ellen Pompeo pulls off the feat with aplomb
a good ( successful ) rental
a good cause
a good design
a good ear for dialogue
a good ear for dialogue ,
a good ear for dialogue , and the characters sound like real people
a good joke
ages that is n't fake fun
It helps that Lil Bow Wow ... tones down his pint-sized gangsta act to play someone who resembles a real kid
classic dramas
classic Ladies and Gentlemen , The Fabulous Stains
the fantastic Kathy Bates turns up
the fantastic Kathy Bates
the feel of a fanciful motion picture
the filling
the show 's concept
the show 's trademark style and flash
Brosnan gives a portrayal as solid and as perfect as his outstanding performance as Bond in Die Another Day .
unbelievable
Randolph
preserving a sense of mystery
remarkably strong
remarkably strong cast
... the reason to go see `` Blue Crush '' is the phenomenal , water-born cinematography by David Hennings .
... the first 2\/3 of the film are incredibly captivating and insanely funny , thanks in part to interesting cinematic devices ( cool visual backmasking ) , a solid cast , and some wickedly sick and twisted humor ...
unblinking work
'' lacks in depth it makes up for with its heart .
'' is an earnest
'' fun
'' is a refreshing change
'' holds its goodwill close
'' begins with a simple plan
unabashedly romantic picture
thought . Better still , he does all of this
thought it was going to be
thought was rather clever
a good cast
a good guy
a good , hard yank
a good idea
unafraid to throw elbows when necessary
down to the key grip that this bold move works . Especially give credit to Affleck
down to the key grip that this bold move works .
whose witty dialogue
for a real winner , creativity at its peak
razor-sided tuning
raw-nerved story
Down video
Can be viewed as pure composition and form --
three terrific performances
thematically complex
thematic content and narrative strength
ABC Kiarostami .
are perfect in these roles
are perfect in these roles .
though her performance is more interesting ( and funnier ) than his
beautifully mounted
are performances to enjoy in a memorable ensemble piece
are priceless entertainment
very clever
very complex
elements such as sound and cinematography with skill
elevated by deft staging and the director 's well-known narrative gamesmanship
elevated by deft staging and the director 's well-known narrative gamesmanship .
elliptical film
it 's not as pathetic as The Animal .
's touching and tender and proves that even in sorrow you can find humor
's touching and tender and proves that even in sorrow you can find humor .
immense wit and insight
damned compelling
damning and damned compelling
damning and damned compelling .
illuminates it fully
imaginative and ambitious
imagination and flair
imaginatively overwhelming
imaginative flourishes
The Rock 's fighting skills are more in line with Steven Seagal
does sound promising in theory
does not have
make something out of Ellis ' nothing novel
made Eddie Murphy a movie star and the man has n't aged a day .
dazzling conceptual feat
These characters are so well established that the gang feels comfortable with taking insane liberties and doing the goofiest stuff out of left field
These characters are so well established that the gang feels comfortable with taking insane liberties and doing the goofiest stuff out of left field ,
These characters are so well established that the gang feels comfortable with taking insane liberties and doing the goofiest stuff out of left field , and
These characters are so well established that the gang feels comfortable with taking insane liberties and doing the goofiest stuff out of left field , and I 'm all for that
These characters are so well established that the gang feels comfortable with taking insane liberties and doing the goofiest stuff out of left field , and I 'm all for that .
These three films form a remarkably cohesive whole , both visually and thematically , through their consistently sensitive and often exciting treatment of an ignored people .
The story wraps back around on itself in the kind of elegant symmetry that 's rare in film today , but be warned : It 's a slow slog to get there
The story wraps back around on itself in the kind of elegant symmetry that 's rare in film today , but be warned :
The story may not be new , but Australian director John Polson , making his American feature debut , jazzes it up adroitly
The story , like life , refuses to be simple , and
The story , like life , refuses to be simple ,
heady yet far from impenetrable theory
heaps
heading
heady , biting , be-bop
until it 's time for an absurd finale of twisted metal
unstoppable
know that I 'll never listen to Marvin Gaye or the Supremes the same way again
know it would n't exist without the precedent of Yiddish theater , whose jolly , fun-for-fun 's - sake communal spirit goes to the essence of Broadway .
know what 's happening but you 'll be blissfully exhausted
is reasonably entertaining ,
its gender politics , genre thrills
is quite a vision .
is rather the way it introduces you to new , fervently held ideas and fanciful thinkers .
` cultural revolution
` Praise the Lord
` What 's the Russian word for Wow ! ? '
` Si bien no logra desarrollarse como un gran drama , tampoco es tan superficial como muchas cintas que pecan de pretenciosas y que resultan totalmente banales . '
daring work
daring , inventive and refreshingly unusual
darkly funny
darkly comic
darn good , despite its smarty-pants aura
to Barry 's dead-eyed , perfectly chilled delivery
incredibly thoughtful
dead brilliant
increasingly diverse French director
make the stones weep --
make the stones weep -- as shameful
make the most of the large-screen format ,
make the most of the large-screen format , before swooping down on a string of exotic locales , scooping the whole world up in a joyous communal festival of rhythm
make the most of the large-screen format
make the stones weep
make the most sincere and artful movie in which Adam Sandler will probably ever appear
talented young Gaghan 's resume
talented head
talented young Gaghan 's resume .
tales spun afresh .
in retelling a historically significant , and personal , episode detailing how one international city welcomed tens of thousands of German Jewish refugees while the world 's democracie
in some delightful work on indie projects
of a surprisingly juvenile lark , a pop-influenced prank whose charms are immediately apparent
of a sleeper success
bubbly romantic comedy
But what spectacular sizzle it is ! ... In this incarnation its fizz is infectious .
But watching Huppert , a great actress tearing into a landmark role , is riveting .
But in Imax 3-D , the clichés disappear into the vertiginous perspectives opened up by the photography .
But he somehow pulls it off
The otherwise good-naturedness of Mr . Deeds , with its embrace of sheer goofiness and cameos of less
about never giving up on a loved one
about openness , particularly the
outrageous or funny
outrageously creative action
The otherwise good-naturedness of Mr . Deeds , with its embrace of sheer goofiness and cameos of less - than-likely New York celebrities
The otherwise good-naturedness of Mr . Deeds , with its embrace of sheer goofiness and cameos of less - than-likely New York celebrities ...
of nostalgic comments from the now middle-aged participants
... could easily be called the best Korean film of 2002 .
better than The Phantom Menace
of nuance and characterization
... bright , intelligent , and humanly funny film .
of obstacles
will have a great time
filled with people who just want to live their lives
filled with raw emotions conveying despair and love
filled with raw emotions
fill this character study with poetic force and buoyant feeling .
fill this character study with poetic force and buoyant feeling
presents a frightening and compelling ` What if
prepared to cling to the edge of your seat , tense with suspense
predisposed to like it
that it ends by blowing just about everything up
that it 's tempting just to go with it for the ride
the new script by the returning David S . Goyer
the nerve to speak up
the new film is much more eye-catching than its blood-drenched Stephen Norrington-directed predecessor
Old-form moviemaking at its best
Old people will love this movie
Old people will love this movie ,
Old people will love this movie , and
Old people will love this movie , and I mean that in the nicest possible way
Old people will love this movie , and I mean that in the nicest possible way :
Old people will love this movie , and I mean that in the nicest possible way : Last Orders will touch the heart of anyone old enough to have earned a 50-year friendship
had so much fun in two decades , since he was schlepping Indiana Jones around the globe in search of a giant misplaced ashtray
had so much fun in two decades
had so much fun
had , lost , and got back
includes the line ` My stepdad 's not mean , he 's just adjusting '
include the complexity of the Catholic doctrine
Although the subject matter may still be too close to recent national events , the film works - mostly due to its superior cast of characters .
Although mainstream American movies tend to exploit the familiar , every once in a while a film arrives from the margin that gives viewers a chance to learn , to grow , to travel .
Although the film boils down to a lightweight story about matchmaking , the characters make Italian for Beginners worth the journey
Although some viewers will not be able to stomach so much tongue-in-cheek weirdness , those who do will have found a cult favorite to enjoy for a lifetime .
flourishes -- artsy fantasy sequences --
warm , moving message
that sneaks up on you and stays with you long after you have left the theatre
is magnetic as Graham
is lovely and lovable
is masterful . This makes Minority Report necessary viewing for sci-fi fans
ke
juxtapositions
keen eye , sweet spirit
keen eye ,
An old-fashioned drama of substance about a teacher
An old-fashioned drama of substance about a teacher 's slide down the slippery slope of dishonesty after an encounter with the rich and the powerful who have nothing but disdain for virtue .
An inventive , absorbing movie that 's as hard to classify as it is hard to resist .
An inventive ,
An inventive , absorbing movie that 's as hard to classify as it is hard to resist
An oddity , to be sure , but one that you might wind up remembering with a degree of affection rather than revulsion .
An old-fashioned drama
An oddity , to be sure , but one that you might wind up remembering with a degree of affection rather than revulsion
the type of film about growing up that we do n't see often enough these days
the two-wrongs-make-a-right chemistry between Jolie and Burns
makes you believe the cast and crew thoroughly enjoyed themselves and believed in their small-budget film .
makes you believe the cast and crew thoroughly enjoyed themselves and believed in their small-budget film
makes you feel genuinely good
making this gorgeous film a must for everyone from junior scientists to grown-up fish lovers
making moving pictures today
-- the first to be released in the U . S .
like a mix of Cheech and Chong
like a nature film
with the titillating material
's also nice to see a movie with its heart so thoroughly ,
perfect festival film
perfect family film
perfect Wildean actor
perfect black pearls clicking together to form a string .
perfect black pearls
that they did n't mind the ticket cost .
that they are doing it is thought-provoking
Metropolis confirms Tezuka 's status as both the primary visual influence on the animé tradition and its defining philosophical conscience .
Metropolis is a feast for the eyes .
the gorgeous locales
Mendes and company getting together before a single frame had been shot and collectively vowing , ` This is going to be something really good . '
Merchant Ivory productions
the gorgeous locales and
the cute frissons of discovery and humor between Chaplin and Kidman that keep this nicely wound clock not just ticking , but humming
the gorgeous locales and exceptional lead performances
often inspiring
often achieves a level of connection and concern
often exquisite
appropriate comic buttons
beguiling
begins to look like a '' real Kaputschnik
begin with
to ignite sparks
many a parent and their teen ( or preteen ) kid could bond while watching a walk to remember .
many a parent and their teen ( or preteen ) kid could bond while watching a walk to remember . so
many a parent and their teen ( or preteen ) kid could bond while watching a walk to remember
What was subtle and mystifying in the novella
many a parent and their teen ( or preteen ) kid could bond while watching a walk to remember . so could young romantics out on a date
many a parent and their teen ( or preteen ) kid could bond while watching a walk to remember . so could young romantics out on a date .
ever released by a major film studio .
ever-growing category
every bit as filling as the treat of the title
Though Tom Shadyac 's film kicks off spookily enough
coherent
Carrying off a spot-on Scottish burr , Duvall ( also a producer ) peels layers from this character that may well not have existed on paper .
to be the 21st Century 's new '' Conan '' and that he 's going to make a splash even greater than Arnold Schwarzenegger , Jean-Claud Van Damme or Steven Segal
spectacular completion one
spectacularly
spectacularly outrageous
spectacularly well
comfort food
be viewed as pure composition and form --
be well worth your time
be white-knuckled and unable to look away
be wholesome and subversive at the same time
to be fed through the eye , the heart , the mind
metaphysical thriller offering
\/ You both look and sound great
\/ You both look and sound great .
captures both the beauty of the land and the people
captures a life interestingly lived
, riveting story
, riveting and handsomely
capture the magic of the original . Well
captures , in luminous interviews and amazingly evocative film from three decades ago ,
captures , in luminous interviews and amazingly evocative film from three decades ago
captures , in luminous interviews and amazingly evocative film from three decades ago , the essence of the Dogtown experience .
captures , in luminous interviews and amazingly evocative film from three decades ago , the essence of the Dogtown experience
suggests nothing less than a new voice that deserves to be considered as a possible successor to the best European directors .
suitable
suggests nothing less than a new voice that deserves to be considered as a possible successor to the best European directors
suitable entry
suitably anonymous chiller
Both deeply weird and charmingly
Both deeply weird and charmingly dear .
There 's an excellent 90-minute film here ;
There 's an excellent 90-minute film here
busy on the basketball court because that 's when he really scores
role , or edit , or score , or anything , really
There 's a sheer unbridled delight in the way the story unfurls ...
their idol 's energy and passion
build a seamless ensemble . There is n't a weak or careless performance
still leaves shockwaves
buena
reasonably entertained
reap more rewards
reasonably creative
handle the rigors of filmmaking
happiness
still have to see this !
different from others in its genre in that it is does not rely on dumb gags , anatomical humor , or character cliches
its capacity to heal using creative , natural and ancient antidotes
its ample charms should win over the most hard-hearted cynics .
its blend of frankness , civility and compassion
his penchant
clearly been made with affection and care
clearly , great fun
clever writing
clever blend
clever , charming tale
Jewish parents
politics and drama , an admirable ambition
this is the same movie you probably loved in 1994 , except that it looks even better .
Pan Nalin 's exposition is beautiful and mysterious
this is a movie that will stimulate hours of post viewing discussion , if only to be reminded of who did what to whom and why .
political and psychological thriller
business and pleasure
but a great one
legend stuff
leisurely
lends its conflicts a symbolic resonance
of quirkiness , eccentricity , and certain individuals ' tendency to let it all hang out , and damn the consequences
of purpose
of profound , real-life moments
of quirky -- but not stereotyped -- street characters
of quirkiness , eccentricity , and certain individuals ' tendency to let it all hang out , and damn the consequences .
A visual spectacle full of stunning images and effects
A visual spectacle full of stunning images and effects .
A vivid , sometimes surreal
A vivid , sometimes surreal ,
A vivid
A quaint , romanticized rendering .
A quaint ,
A quaint , romanticized rendering
A puzzle whose pieces do not fit . Some are fascinating and others are not , and in the end , it is almost a good movie .
A quaint
never quite makes it to the boiling point , but manages to sustain a good simmer for most of its running time .
properly digested
protective cocoon
the visceral excitement of a sports extravaganza
begins with the everyday lives of naval personnel in San Diego and ends with scenes so true and heartbreaking that tears welled up in my eyes both times
e . t . just as i hoped i would
the visceral sensation
giving it a strong thumbs up
glides gracefully from male persona to female
All the sensuality , all the eroticism of a good vampire tale
All the small moments and flashbacks
issue a moratorium , effective immediately , on treacly films about inspirational prep-school professors and the children they so heartwarmingly motivate .
it 's Black Hawk Down with more heart . At its worst , it 's Rambo - meets-John Ford .
The fight scenes are fun
just as many scenes that are lean and tough enough to fit in any modern action movie
just as much intelligence
just as rewarding
just as endearing and easy
just as endearing and easy to watch
your must-see list
The year 2002 has conjured up more coming-of-age stories than seem possible , but Take Care of My Cat emerges as the very best of them .
The year 2002 has conjured up more coming-of-age stories than seem possible , but Take Care of My Cat emerges as the very best of them
the better video-game-based flicks ,
the rat-a-tat energy of `` His Girl Friday , '' maintaining a light touch while tackling serious themes
truly does rescue ( the Funk Brothers ) from Motown 's shadows
truly distinctive
truly come to care about the main characters and whether or not they 'll wind up together
truly distinctive and a deeply pertinent
poetic
plotted , visually striking
poetically plump
poetic love story
poignant , the film
charismatic Jackie Chan
the better film 's ability to make its subject interesting to those who are n't part of its supposed target audience . Judging by those standards , ` Scratch ' is a pretty decent little documentary
the better film 's
A drama of great power , yet some members of the audience
moody slice of Southern Gothic
A sharp and quick documentary that is funny and pithy , while illuminating an era of theatrical comedy that , while past , really is n't .
sit among Jean-Luc Godard 's finest work
only to record the events for posterity , but
, in spite of clearly evident poverty and hardship , bring to their music
only wish we could have spent more time in its world
, in an irresistible junior-high way ,
with the warning '' For serious film buffs only
with this material
A sentimental but entirely irresistible portrait of three aging sisters
A sentimental but entirely irresistible portrait of three aging sisters .
` Frailty '' starts out like a typical Bible killer story , but it turns out to be significantly different ( and better ) than most films with this theme
` Frailty '' starts out like a typical Bible killer story , but it turns out to be significantly different ( and better ) than most films with this theme .
its rawness and
its rawness and vitality
its quest for deeper meaning
its rawness
its rawness and vitality give it considerable punch
made Swimfan anyway
made a decent ` intro ' documentary
made a film so unabashedly hopeful that it actually makes the heart soar . Yes , soar
made a difference
Robert Rodriguez adorns his family-film plot with an elegance and maturity that even most contemporary adult movies are lacking .
made a movie that will leave you wondering about the characters ' lives after the clever credits roll
must see for all sides of the political spectrum
must indeed be good to recite some of this laughable dialogue with a straight face .
muster a lot of emotional resonance
with enough sardonic wit
another hat to a talented head
French cinema 's master craftsmen
Fred Schepisi 's tale of four Englishmen facing the prospect of their own mortality views youthful affluence not as a lost ideal but a starting point .
Freeman and Judd make it work
unflinching and tantalizing
to plant smile-button faces on that segment of the populace that made A Walk to Remember a niche hit
a big , juicy role
The mood , look and tone of the film fit the incredible storyline to a T .
unique tug-of-war
The most amazing super-sized dosage of goofball stunts any '' Jackass '' fan could want .
unforgettable , deeply absorbing
grimly competent and stolid and earnest military courtroom
grind that only the most hardhearted Scrooge could fail to respond
grip even viewers who are n't interested in rap , as it cuts to the heart of American society in an unnerving way
gripping , tidy little movie
gripping movie
gripping story
The moral shrapnel and mental shellshock will linger long after this film has ended .
teeth-clenching gusto
has the courage of its convictions and excellent performances on its side .
has the grace to call for prevention rather than to place blame , making it one of the best war movies ever made
has the chops of a smart-aleck film school brat and the imagination of a big kid ...
has the courage of its convictions and excellent performances on its side
has the scope and shape of an especially well-executed television movie
has the grace to call for prevention rather than to place blame , making it one of the best war movies ever made .
with quirks that might make the award-winning Coen brothers envious
has the sizzle of old news that has finally found the right vent ( accurate ? Who cares ? )
The most brilliant and brutal UK crime film since Jack Carter
with promise
with poignancy
the film sometimes flags ... but there is enough secondary action to keep things moving along at a brisk , amusing pace
The most brilliant and brutal UK crime film
the film was immensely enjoyable thanks to great performances by both steve buscemi and rosario dawson
the film was immensely enjoyable thanks to great performances by both steve buscemi and rosario dawson ...
holds promise ,
holds itself
holds promise
His last movie was poetically romantic and full
adroit perspective shifts
affectation
Like the original , this version is raised a few notches above kiddie fantasy pablum by Allen 's astringent wit .
Like the original
Like Mike is n't interested in recycling old cliches . It wants to tweak them with a taste of tangy new humor .
Like The English Patient and The Unbearable Lightness of Being , The Hours is one of those reputedly '' unfilmable '' novels that has bucked the odds to emerge as an exquisite motion picture in its own right .
Like The English Patient and The Unbearable Lightness of Being
I thought the relationships were wonderful , the comedy was funny , and the love ` real ' .
I walked away from this new version of E . T . just as I hoped I would -- with moist eyes .
I will be .
I loved this film .
I mean that in the nicest possible way
I must report that the children of varying ages in my audience never coughed , fidgeted or romped up and down the aisles for bathroom breaks .
I stopped thinking about how good it all was , and started doing nothing but reacting to it - feeling a part of its grand locations , thinking urgently as the protagonists struggled , feeling at the mercy of its inventiveness , gasping at its visual delights .
this harrowing journey
this harrowing journey into combat hell vividly captures the chaotic insanity and personal tragedies that are all too abundant when human hatred spews forth unchecked .
this harrowing journey into combat hell vividly
sensitive and
painting an unabashedly romantic picture of a nation whose songs spring directly from the lives of the people
painted on their largest-ever historical canvas
my precious new star wars movie
my only wish
my precious new star wars
my precious new star
my precious new
likable story
far superior Nurse Betty
The story may not be new , but Australian director John Polson , making his American feature debut , jazzes it up adroitly .
The story feels more like a serious read , filled with heavy doses of always enticing Sayles dialogue .
The subtle strength of '' Elling '' is that it never loses touch with the reality of the grim situation .
by the power and grace of one of the greatest natural sportsmen of modern times
by the way it deals with big issues like death and destiny
like a classic
like a coming-of-age romance
Serry 's ability to take what is essentially a contained family conflict and put it into a much larger historical context
Sexy Beast
been as resolute in their emotional nakedness
been a predictably heartwarming tale
been made with affection and care
tackles the topic of relationships in such a straightforward , emotionally honest manner that by the end
rare insight
been making for the last several years
been made with great evident care
show-stoppingly hilarious , but scathingly witty
it 's a demented kitsch mess ( although the smeary digital video does match the muddled narrative ) , but it 's savvy about celebrity and has more guts and energy than much of what will open this year
it 's a visual delight and a decent popcorn adventure , as long as you do n't try to look too deep into the story
it 's a demented kitsch mess ( although the smeary digital video does match the muddled narrative ) , but it 's savvy about celebrity and has more guts and energy than much of what will open this year .
has been honored as best it can
it 's about family
'' has the makings of an interesting meditation on the ethereal nature of the internet and the otherworldly energies it could channel
'' is somewhat entertaining
glamorous machine
glamorous
an avid interest
an audience laugh so much during a movie
an audience 's
near gripping enough
more than compensated for by its wryly subversive tone
more than enough
more than enough charm to make it memorable
powerful narrative
of this slick and sprightly CGI feature
as solid and as perfect as his outstanding performance as Bond in Die
as solid and as perfect as his outstanding performance as Bond in Die Another Day
Impresses you with its open-endedness and surprises .
Impresses you with its open-endedness and surprises
Impresses
Imamura 's lively and enjoyable cultural mix
In Adobo , ethnicity is not just the spice , but at the heart of more universal concerns .
In Adobo
making Dog Day Afternoon with a cause
You 'll gasp appalled and laugh outraged
You 'll be left with the sensation of having just witnessed a great performance and , perhaps , give in to the urge to get on your feet and shake it .
You do n't have to know about music to appreciate the film 's easygoing blend of comedy and romance .
's defiantly and delightfully against the grain .
mildly charming
mildly amusing performances
mildly amusing lines
That rare movie that works on any number of levels -- as a film of magic and whimsy for children , a heartfelt romance for teenagers and a compelling argument about death , both pro and con , for adults
has tapped something in himself as an actor that provides Frailty with its dark soul .
has the charm of the original American road movies , feasting on the gorgeous , ramshackle landscape of the filmmaker 's motherland
has surpassed himself with the magic he 's spun with the Hollywood empress of Ms . Leoni 's Ellie
has some touching things to say about what is important in life and why
has some touching things to say about what is important in life and why .
has taken this mothball-y stuff and made a rather sturdy , old-fashioned entertainment out of it .
has tapped something in himself as an actor that provides Frailty with its dark soul
has surpassed himself with the magic he 's spun with the Hollywood empress of Ms . Leoni 's Ellie .
has taken this mothball-y stuff and made a rather sturdy , old-fashioned entertainment out of it
astounds .
astounds
they demonstrate that there 's still a lot of life in Hong Kong cinema .
to his supple understanding of the role
written and directed so quietly
writing strength
written and directed with brutal honesty and respect for its audience .
written and directed with brutal honesty and respect for its audience
assuredly rank as one of the cleverest , most deceptively amusing comedies of the year .
assuredly
Chris
Cho 's fearless in picking apart human foibles , not afraid to lay her life bare in front of an audience . Her delivery and timing are flawless .
Cho appears to have settled comfortably into her skin
Christmas card
Napoleon 's journey is interesting
An emotionally strong and politically potent piece of cinema
An emotionally strong and politically potent piece
An effortlessly accomplished and richly resonant work .
An elegant and sly deadpan comedy .
An elegant and sly deadpan
An eloquent , reflective and beautifully acted meditation on both the profoundly devastating events of one year ago and the slow , painful healing process that has followed in their wake .
An eloquent , reflective and beautifully
An emotionally and spiritually compelling journey seen through the right eyes , with the right actors and with the kind of visual flair that shows what great cinema can really do .
An emotionally and spiritually compelling journey
are reasons enough to see it
are rendered with such clarity that it 's as if it all happened only yesterday
are so excellent
female friendship , spiked with raw urban humor
female friendship ,
female friendship that men can embrace and
female friendship that men can embrace
along the way -- myriad signs , if you will -- that beneath the familiar , funny surface is a far bigger , far more meaningful story than one in which little green men come to Earth for harvesting purposes
superb performance
is a big deal , indeed -- at least the third-best , and maybe even a notch above the previous runner-up , Nicholas Meyer 's Star Trek VI : The Undiscovered Country
is a big deal , indeed -- at least the third-best , and maybe even a notch above the previous runner-up , Nicholas Meyer 's Star Trek VI : The Undiscovered Country .
the writing , acting and character development are a lot better
the year 's most intriguing explorations
is recreated with obvious affection , scored to perfection with some tasty boogaloo beats
is profound . The Hours is what movies are supposed to be
is probably for the best
is played out with such aching beauty and truth that it brings tears to your eyes .
is popular and powerful in this high-tech age , speaking its truths with spellbinding imagery and the entrancing music of Philip Glass .
is popular and powerful in this high-tech age , speaking its truths with spellbinding imagery and the entrancing music of Philip Glass
Halle Berry does her best to keep up with him
it does not attempt to filter out the complexity
, drugs and show-tunes plot
with ghost imagery that shows just enough to keep us on our toes
, diverting , conventional , well-acted tale
respectful a film as Byatt fans could hope for
, divertida y demencial que su predecesora ,
resonate with singles of many ages
resonant tale
resonates in a profound way , comparable to the classic films of Jean Renoir .
resonates in a profound way , comparable to the classic films of Jean Renoir
, disarming , and just outright enjoyable
, director Jackson strikes a rewarding balance between emotion on the human scale and action\/effects on the spectacular scale .
a huge action sequence
If you open yourself up to Mr. Reggio 's theory of this imagery as the movie 's set ... it can impart an almost visceral sense of dislocation and change .
that they know their roles so well
that this movie phenomenon has once again reinvented itself for a new generation
a film that is both gripping and compelling
a film that is part biography , part entertainment and part history
a film that manages to find greatness in the hue of its drastic iconography
a film that 's destined to win a wide summer audience through word-of-mouth reviews and , not far down the line , to find a place among the studio 's animated classics
a film that affirms the nourishing aspects of love and companionship
spy-savvy siblings
The filmmakers know how to please the eye , but
canny , derivative , wildly gruesome
candy and cheeky wit to keep parents away from the concession stand
candy and cheeky
jolly
canny , meditative
Savvy director Robert J. Siegel and his co-writers
Savvy director Robert J. Siegel and
Samuel L. Jackson is one of the best actors there is .
Samuel L. Jackson
May be more genial than ingenious , but
Max pokes , provokes , takes expressionistic license and hits a nerve ...
Max pokes , provokes , takes expressionistic license and hits a nerve
Max pokes , provokes , takes expressionistic license and hits a nerve ... as far as art is concerned , it 's mission accomplished .
Max pokes , provokes , takes expressionistic license and hits a nerve ... as far as art is concerned , it 's mission accomplished
May be more genial than ingenious , but it gets the job done .
trumpet blast that there may be a New Mexican Cinema a-bornin ' . '
1 drips with style and
truly frightening situation
has an unexpectedly adamant streak of warm-blooded empathy for all his disparate Manhattan denizens -- especially the a \*\* holes .
has an unexpectedly adamant streak of warm-blooded empathy for all his disparate Manhattan denizens -- especially the a \*\* holes
has an infectious exuberance that will engage anyone with a passing interest in the skate\/surf culture
has always been part of For the most part Wilde 's droll whimsy helps `` Being Earnest '' overcome its weaknesses and Parker 's creative interference
has all the wiggling energy of young kitten
A man leaving the screening said the film was better than Saving Private Ryan .
has become the master of innuendo
about kicking undead \*\*\*
... this goes after one truth ( the Ford administration 's complicity in tearing ` orphans ' from their mothers ) and stumbles upon others even more compelling .
so terrifying I 'm still stunned . And I 've decided to leave a light on every night from now on
never thought I 'd say this
of a very lively dream
of a vastly improved Germanic version of My Big Fat Greek Wedding
of a triumph
never seems aware of his own coolness
ya ya , what with all of those terrific songs and spirited performances
visually and thematically
the transcendent performance
the treat of the title
the treat
wit and insight
see this
visually ravishing
visually stunning rumination
what has happened already to so many silent movies , newsreels and the like . The unexpected thing is that its dying , in this shower of black-and-white psychedelia , is quite beautiful
non-stop funny feast
nonetheless appreciates the art and reveals a music scene that transcends culture and race .
so successful at lodging itself in the brain
with Spike Lee 's masterful
with a big impact
quasi-documentary
very real and amusing give-and-take
It 's been 20 years since 48 Hrs . made Eddie Murphy a movie star and the man has n't aged a day . But
It 's at once laughable and compulsively watchable , in its committed dumbness .
meditation )
meets those standards
Take nothing seriously and
the dignity of an action hero motivated by something more than franchise possibilities
good actors , even Kingsley ,
good actors , even Kingsley
cultural intrigue
Executed with such gentle but insistent sincerity , with such good humor and appreciation of the daily grind that only the most hardhearted Scrooge could fail to respond
Executed with such gentle but insistent sincerity , with such good humor and appreciation of the daily grind that only the most hardhearted Scrooge could fail to respond .
Extremely well acted by the four primary actors
Executed with such gentle but insistent sincerity
Executed with such gentle but insistent sincerity ,
Executed with such gentle but insistent sincerity , with such good humor
Executed with such gentle but insistent sincerity , with such good humor and
Extremely well acted by the four primary actors , this is a seriously intended movie that is not easily forgotten .
is the edge of wild , lunatic invention that we associate with Cage 's best acting
is the action as gripping
ca n't help but warmly extend your arms and yell ` Safe
ca n't deny either the tragic loss of two young men in the prime of their talent or the power of this movie .
ca n't deny either the tragic loss of two young men in the prime of their talent or the power of this movie
Lovely
Lovely & Amazing
Lovely & Amazing involves us because it is so incisive , so bleakly amusing about how we go about our lives .
high
heroic
interesting cinematic devices ( cool visual backmasking )
interesting cinematic devices
interesting cinematic devices ( cool visual backmasking ) , a solid cast
interesting cinematic devices ( cool visual backmasking ) ,
interest almost solely as an exercise in gorgeous visuals
interesting cinematic devices ( cool visual backmasking ) , a solid cast , and
interesting cinematic devices ( cool visual backmasking ) , a solid cast ,
, sprawling swashbuckler
an inspired portrait of male-ridden angst
an inspired portrait
an infectious exuberance
an incredibly layered and stylistic film that , despite a fairly slow paced , almost humdrum approach to character development , still manages at least a decent attempt at meaningful cinema
an incredibly layered and stylistic film
an impressive and highly entertaining celebration of its sounds
an inquisitiveness reminiscent of Truffaut
an infectious exuberance that will engage anyone with a passing interest in the skate\/surf culture , the L . A . beach scene and the imaginative ( and sometimes illegal ) ways kids can make a playground out of the refuse of adults
to capture these musicians in full regalia
, stylish
heartrending look
heartrending look at the divide between religious fundamentalists and their gay relatives .
heat up only
allows us to see them , finally , as artists
allows the seeds of the imagination to germinate
alpha
This is such a high-energy movie where the drumming and the marching are so excellent , who cares if the story 's a little weak .
This is one of Polanski 's best films .
This is such a dazzlingly self-assured directorial debut that it 's hard to know what to praise first .
This examination of aquatic life off the shores of the Baja California peninsula of Mexico offers an engrossing way to demonstrate the virtues of the IMAX format .
This is a film brimming with detail and nuance and one that speaks volumes about the ability of the human spirit to find solace in events that could easily crush it forever .
the rarest kinds of films
the rat-a-tat energy of '' His Girl Friday
the rat-a-tat energy
the raw comic energy
Those who would follow Haneke on his creepy explorations ... are rewarded by brutal , committed performances from Huppert and Magimel .
to bursting with incident , and with scores of characters , some fictional , some from history
works beautifully
are somewhat redeeming
works because of the universal themes , earnest performances ... and excellent use of music by India 's popular Gulzar and Jagjit Singh .
rent this movie
wears its heart on its sleeve for all
works both as a detailed personal portrait and as a rather frightening examination of modern times
has a lot going for it , not least the brilliant performances by Testud ... and Parmentier .
has a lot going for it , not least the brilliant performances by Testud ... and Parmentier
has a good bark , far from being a bow-wow .
has a good bark , far from being a bow-wow
has a good bark ,
has a more colorful , more playful tone than his other films .
has a more colorful , more playful tone than his other films
wraps back around on itself in the kind of elegant symmetry that 's rare in film today , but
written ,
wraps back around on itself in the kind of elegant symmetry that 's rare in film today ,
bright young men -- promising , talented , charismatic and tragically
brightly
brightly colored dreams
bright , intelligent , and humanly funny film .
bright , well-acted and thought-provoking
brightly optimistic
brilhantismo
, but it at least calls attention to a problem Hollywood too long has ignored .
, but to his legend
, but rather by emphasizing the characters
, but what really sets the film apart is Debrauwer 's refusal to push the easy emotional buttons
, by all means enjoy The New Guy
small , sweet ` Evelyn
easy to swallow ,
a wonderful all-ages triumph besides --
a wonderful all-ages triumph besides
a winsome cast
a winning combination
a wonderful all-ages triumph
a winsome cast and nice dialogue
a winner for Lil Bow Wow , who can now add movies to the list of things he does well
a winner
a winner for kids , and no doubt
a winner for Lil Bow Wow , who can now add movies to the list of things he does well .
is a gripping , tidy little movie that takes Mr . Hill higher than he 's been in a while .
is a harrowing drama that tries to tell of the unspeakable
is a harrowing drama that tries to tell of the unspeakable .
is a haunting dramatization of a couple 's moral ascension
is a good script , good dialogue
is a good script , good dialogue ,
is a good script , good dialogue , funny even for adults . The characters are interesting and often very creatively constructed from figure to backstory .
is a gripping , tidy little movie that takes Mr . Hill higher than he 's been in a while
is a haunting dramatization of a couple 's moral ascension .
is a jolly surprise .
from Bill Plympton , the animation master ,
important and exhilarating
enough at ` face value ' to recommend to anyone looking for something different
enormous fun for thinking audiences
to care about
enjoyed the ride ( bumps and all ) , creamy depth , and ultimate theme .
enjoyed the ride ( bumps and all ) , creamy depth , and ultimate theme
enjoying much of it
enjoying
enlightening to listen to new sides of a previous reality , and to visit with some of the people who were able to make an impact in the theater world
enlightening
enormous fun
enormous
the laughs
rousing , G-rated family film
If you 're not deeply touched by this movie , check your pulse .
If you 're not , you 'll still have a good time . ''
If you 're down for a silly hack-and-slash flick , you can do no wrong with Jason X.
If you 're a comic fan , you ca n't miss it .
may just be living well because this film , unlike other Dumas adaptations , is far more likened to a treasure than a lengthy jail sentence .
may find ( Attal and Gainsbourg 's ) unfamiliar personas give the film an intimate and quaint reality that is a little closer to human nature than what Hollywood typically concocts
may be the best same-sex romance I have seen
may just be living well because this film , unlike other Dumas adaptations , is far more likened to a treasure than a lengthy jail sentence
may find ( Attal and Gainsbourg 's ) unfamiliar personas give the film an intimate and quaint reality that is a little closer to human nature than what Hollywood typically concocts .
, eloquence , spiritual challenge
, dramatically satisfying heroine
You 'll laugh for not quite and hour and a half
You 'll know a star when you see one .
charged music to the ears of Cho 's fans .
convincingly paints a specifically urban sense of disassociation here .
convincing portrayal
convincing intelligence
convincing one
convincing impersonation
convincing and radiant
Huppert and Girardot give performances of exceptional honesty .
Huston 's revelatory performance
get excited about on this DVD
a sweet treasure and something well worth your time
a tale worth catching
a sweet , charming tale of intergalactic friendship
a sweet , even delectable diversion
a sweet and enjoyable fantasy
a talking head documentary , but a great one
each other virtually
work us over , with second helpings of love , romance , tragedy , false dawns , real dawns , comic relief , two separate crises during marriage ceremonies , and the lush scenery of the Cotswolds
who knew charles dickens could be so light-hearted
pleasurable expressions
pleasure to have a film like The Hours as an alternative
please not only the fanatical adherents on either side , but also people who know nothing about the subject
pleasant and engaging enough
pleasant enough dish
fierce grandeur
fierce
fica na memória
ear-pleasing songs
fiercely competitive
Warm Water Under a Red Bridge is a quirky and poignant Japanese film that explores the fascinating connections between women , water , nature , and sexuality .
An unsettling , memorable cinematic experience that
to maintain both a level of sophisticated intrigue and human-scale characters that suck the audience in
to make it worth watching
we root for the patronized Iranian lad .
what makes Dover Kosashvili 's outstanding feature debut so potent
what made Allen 's romantic comedies so pertinent and enduring
weaves a carefully balanced scenario that is controlled by neither character
weaves a carefully balanced scenario that is controlled by neither character , is weirdly sympathetic to both and manages to be tender and darkly comic
to be somebody , and to belong to somebody
remembered as one of the most important stories to be told in Australia 's film history
remembered at Oscar time for crafting this wonderful portrait of a conflicted soldier
to be somebody , and
remarkably solid and subtly satirical tour
remarkably varying
remember to personifying independence in its purest and , yes , most intimidating form
remake of '' Big Deal on Madonna Street '' that 's a sly , amusing , laugh-filled little gem in which the ultimate '' Bellini '' begins to look like a '' real Kaputschnik . ''
remarkable assuredness
remarkable assuredness for a first-timer
remarkably solid and subtly
simple tale
that soars above the material realm
that sneaks up on the viewer , providing an experience that is richer than anticipated
simply , and surprisingly ,
soul-stirring documentary
That 's fun for kids of any age .
That 's not vintage Spielberg and that , finally , is minimally satisfying
That Heaven Allows
That 's why Sex and Lucia is so alluring .
revisiting as many times as possible
revelatory
strikes a rewarding balance between emotion on the human scale
throbbing sincerity
through clever makeup design
spiced with wry humor and genuine pathos , especially between Morgan and Redgrave
disappear into the vertiginous perspectives opened up by the photography .
director Robert J. Siegel allows the characters to inhabit their world without cleaving to a narrative arc .
director M. Night Shyamalan can weave an eerie spell
director D.J. Caruso 's grimy visual veneer and Kilmer 's absorbing performance increase the gravitational pull considerably
strikes a rewarding balance between emotion on the human scale and action\/effects on the spectacular scale .
only with muscles and a lot more smarts , but just as endearing and easy to watch
loved it !
oozing with attractive men
oozing , chilling and heart-warming
loveable or otherwise
love the robust middle of this picture .
the goods for Schwarzenegger fans
the gorgeous , ramshackle landscape
the gloss
simple pleasures usurp the preaching message so that , by the time the credits roll across the pat ending , a warm , fuzzy feeling prevails
the gold
charles dickens could be so light-hearted
charming and
charm
charming and often affecting
Psychologically savvy .
Psychologically revealing .
Psychologically savvy
Psychologically revealing
Provides the kind of ` laugh therapy ' I need from movie comedies --
Provides the kind of ` laugh therapy ' I need from movie comedies -- offbeat humor , amusing characters , and a happy ending
There 's lots of cool stuff packed into ESPN 's Ultimate X .
There 's back-stabbing , inter-racial desire and , most importantly , singing and dancing .
There 's a wickedly subversive bent to the best parts of Birthday Girl .
The work of a filmmaker who has secrets buried at the heart of his story and knows how to take time revealing them . Strange occurrences build in the mind of the viewer and take on extreme urgency .
The work of a filmmaker who has secrets buried at the heart of his story and knows how to take time revealing them . Strange occurrences
There 's plenty to enjoy -- in no small part thanks to Lau .
There 's no reason to miss Interview with the Assassin
have to admit it 's semi-amusing to watch Robert DeNiro belt out `` When you 're a Jet
have required genuine acting from Ms. Spears
butt their ugly heads in a regurgitation of cinematic violence that gives brutal birth to an unlikely , but likable , hero
Both exuberantly romantic and serenely melancholy , What Time Is It There ?
Bowling for Columbine '' remains a disquieting and thought-provoking film ...
Hall 's cinematography will likely be nominated for an Oscar next year
went back
experience it as you watch
experimental , contemporary stylist
expertly
Made me unintentionally famous
as you would expect from the directors of The Little Mermaid and Aladdin
a vivid , vibrant individual
a vivid , vibrant individual and the movie 's focus
a vastness implied in Metropolis that is just breathtaking
as you remember .
lies somewhere in the story of Matthew Shepard , but that film is yet to be made
is visually ravishing , penetrating , impenetrable .
is warm , inviting , and surprising
is visually ravishing ,
is visually ravishing , penetrating , impenetrable
is well established
is well suited to capture these musicians in full regalia
life 's wonderment
actually engage
refuses to be simple
Parker displays in freshening the play
Pacino is the best he 's been in years and Keener is marvelous .
refreshingly incisive
, brilliant and macabre
great minds
great help
great game
great fun , full of the kind of energy it 's documenting
great fun ,
great equalizer
great documentaries
refreshingly honest and ultimately touching tale
refreshingly honest and ultimately touching
good natured
good gossip
good for the goose
good laughs
good guy
some movies that hit you from the first scene
string
striving
a strainingly cute film -- with a blind orphan at its center , no less -- indicates where his ambitions have wandered
a master filmmaker
while clearly a manipulative film , emerges as powerful rather than cloying
while certainly clever in spots
is not the undisputed worst boxing movie ever
smash 'em -
if nothing else , this movie
to a coming-of-age story with such a buoyant , expressive flow of images
into the nature of faith
does n't deserve to leave the building until everyone is aware of it
into the passive-aggressive psychology of co-dependence and the struggle for self-esteem
irony-free
ironic cultural satire
irresistible , languid romanticism
for engaging , imaginative filmmaking in its nearly 2 1\/2
for children
distant , even sterile , yet compulsively watchable
distinctive ` blundering ' style
distinct flair .
a James Bond series for kids
a James Bond series
a Golden Book sprung to life
There are things to like about Murder By Numbers
There are so few films about the plight of American Indians in modern America that Skins comes as a welcome , if downbeat , missive from a forgotten front .
There are things to like about Murder By Numbers --
determined to uncover the truth and hopefully inspire action
devastating , eloquent clarity
devastated by war , famine and poverty and documented the cruelty and suffering he has found with an devastating , eloquent clarity
big enough for us to worry about it causing significant harm and not smelly enough to bother despising
big laugh
for the faint of heart or conservative of spirit , but for the rest of us -- especially San Francisco lovers
pulled from a tear-stained vintage Shirley Temple script
pull us deep into the girls ' confusion and pain as they struggle tragically to comprehend the chasm of knowledge that 's opened between them .
pulls off this stylistic juggling act
pulls off some deft Ally McBeal-style fantasy sequences
pulls us into its world ,
pulls us
pulls us into its world , gives us a hero whose suffering and triumphs we can share ,
pulls us into its world , gives us a hero whose suffering and triumphs we can share
to fall closer in quality to Silence than to the abysmal Hannibal
be all too familiar
be anything
The Shining , The Thing ,
with honest performances and realistic interaction between the characters
you 're as happy listening to movies as you are watching them , and the slow parade of human frailty fascinates you
is a rare treat that shows the promise of digital filmmaking .
is a rare treat that shows the promise of digital filmmaking
all that matters
all sides
is a purposefully reductive movie -- which may be why it 's so successful at lodging itself in the brain
make an impact in the theater world
major way
make of Steven Soderbergh 's Full Frontal , though that did n't stop me from enjoying much of it
make its points about acceptance and growth
A solid , psychological action film
A solid , psychological action film from Hong Kong
A solid cast ,
A solid cast , assured direction and complete lack of modern day irony
A solid , psychological action film from Hong Kong .
A solid cast
very tasteful
to watch with kids and use to introduce video as art
dreaming up romantic comedies
dreams ,
simply presents his point of view that Ayurveda works .
simply the best family film
from his fun friendly demeanor in exchange for a darker unnerving role
A B-movie you can sit through , enjoy on a certain level and then forget .
's no new `` A Christmas Carol '' out in the theaters this year
's no scene that screams `` bathroom break
brings a beguiling freshness to a coming-of-age story with such a buoyant , expressive flow of images that it emerges as another key contribution to the flowering of the South Korean cinema .
sheer force of charm
educates
edited so that it certainly does n't feel like a film that strays past the two and a half mark
educates viewers with words and pictures while entertaining them
educates viewers
educates viewers with words and pictures
really a thriller
20th anniversary edition
I admire the closing scenes of the film , which seem to ask whether our civilization offers a cure for Vincent 's complaint .
I 've never seen or heard anything quite like this film
I 've never seen or heard anything quite like this film ,
I 've never seen or heard anything quite like this film , and I recommend it for its originality alone .
I Killed My Father compelling
I 've never seen or heard anything quite like this film , and
I 've never seen or heard anything quite like this film , and I recommend it for its originality alone
a probing examination
a probing examination of a female friendship set against a few dynamic decades
with a massive infusion of old-fashioned Hollywood magic
bold as anything the cinema
bold and subversive film
boasts both a heart and a mind
bold and subversive
boisterous comedy
excellent sequel
excellent performances on its side
excellent use of music
excellent use
exceedingly rare films
exceedingly rare
excellent companion piece
a harrowing movie
a harrowing movie about how parents know where all the buttons are , and how to push them
excellent work
excellent use of music by India 's popular Gulzar and Jagjit Singh
shows excess in business and pleasure , allowing us to find the small , human moments , and leaving off with a grand whimper
captivating new film .
captivating film
Although the editing might have been tighter , Hush ! sympathetically captures the often futile lifestyle of young people in modern Japan .
Although laced with humor and a few fanciful touches , the film is a refreshingly serious look at young women .
( Moore 's ) better at fingering problems than finding solutions . But though he only scratches the surface , at least he provides a strong itch to explore more .
( Ramsay ) visually transforms the dreary expanse of dead-end distaste the characters inhabit into a poem of art , music and metaphor .
you will likely enjoy this monster
stories work
story and pace
offer audiences
offering fine acting moments
offering fine acting moments and pungent
offering fine acting moments and
pack it with enough action to satisfy the boom-bam crowd without a huge sacrifice of character and mood
A pleasant and engaging enough sit
A pleasant and engaging enough
A piece of mildly entertaining , inoffensive fluff that drifts aimlessly for 90 minutes before lodging in the cracks of that ever-growing category : unembarrassing but unmemorable
It should be mentioned that the set design and interiors of the haunted vessel are more than effectively creepy and moodily lit . So I just did
It should be mentioned that the set design and interiors of the haunted vessel are more than effectively creepy and moodily lit .
watch the film twice
to entertain !
watch the film , which director Gerardo Vera has drenched in swoony music and fever-pitched melodrama
watch people
to entertain anyway
is more interesting
is more interesting ( and funnier )
is more like
You might not buy the ideas . But you 'll definitely want the T-shirt
very amusing
wonderfully respectful of its past
is many things -- stoner midnight flick , sci-fi deconstruction , gay fantasia -- but above all it 's a love story as sanguine as its title .
is masterful
is masterful .
have a 90-minute , four-star movie .
XXX is a blast of adrenalin
XXX is a blast of adrenalin ,
Yellow Asphalt is an uncompromising film .
movie star charisma
Yes , MIBII is rote work and predictable , but with a philosophical visual coming right at the end that extravagantly redeems it .
Yes , it 's as good as you remember . In fact , even better .
depicting
movie lovers as well as opera lovers
dense sci-fi action thriller hybrid
denying the physically spectacular qualities of the film ... or the emotional integrity of the performances
movie lovers as well as
Quiet , adult and just about more stately than any contemporary movie this year ... a true study , a film with a questioning heart and mind that is n't afraid to admit it does n't have all the answers .
Quiet , adult and just about more stately than any contemporary movie this year ... a true study , a film with a questioning heart and mind that is n't afraid to admit it
of fun or energy
of good
the devastating horror
the depths
the depths of one man
the derivative Nine Queens is lots of fun
faithful to both architectural glories and commanding open spaces of the city as it was more than two centuries ago
faithful to both architectural glories and commanding open spaces of the city
falling into place in a way that makes your spine tingle with revelation and excitement
falling
A simmering psychological drama in which the bursts of sudden violence are all the more startling for the slow buildup that has preceded them .
A simmering psychological drama
the ultimate Depression-era gangster movie
remarkably faithful one
a fitfully clever doodle
remarkably original
impressive job
impressive in IMAX dimensions
impressively
impressive results
impressively discreet filmmakers
impressively delicate range
impressively true for being so hot-blooded
improbable as this premise may seem , Abbass 's understated
treat for its depiction on not giving up on dreams when you 're a struggling nobody .
remarkably mature
redemption
and a glossy , glib charm that 's hard to beat
and admirably --
and accessible
and alive
and affecting
Behan 's memoir is great material for a film -- rowdy , brawny and lyrical in the best Irish sense
with wry humor and genuine pathos ,
fleetingly amusing
Rich in detail , gorgeously shot and beautifully
ca n't help herself
the presence of some appealing ingredients
give '' Scratch '' a second look
give Blade fans another look at Wesley Snipes ' iconic hero doing battle with dozens of bad guys -- at once
the clichés disappear into the vertiginous perspectives opened up by the photography .
is wonderful .
the commitment of two genuinely engaging performers
the comparative accuracy of Ms. Vardalos ' memories and insights
movie screen
expanded and worked
exotic-looking woman
expanded and worked into a compelling single feature
the cool presence of Jean Reno
the costumes and sets are grand
but not sophomoric )
a striking style
a strong sense of humanism
a strong thumbs
a great actress
these women , one that spans time and reveals meaning
athletic heart
in Lovely and Amazing
unforced naturalism to their characters .
movie worthy
unforced naturalism
unflaggingly creative .
unflinching and objective look
All That Heaven Allows '' and '' Imitation of Life '' transcends them .
All That Heaven Allows ''
movie that will touch the hearts of both children and adults , as well as bring audiences to the edge of their seats .
to Kline 's superbly nuanced performance , that pondering
to Huston 's revelatory performance
to Grant , who has n't lost a bit of the dry humor that first made audiences on both sides of the Atlantic love him
to Fatale , outside of its stylish surprises
one splendidly cast pair
wonderful , imaginative
wonderful , imaginative script
wonderful acting clinic
of making us care about its protagonist and celebrate his victories
enjoy at least the '' real '' portions of the film
creative .
creative instincts
creative contributions
creative team
creative sequel
enigmatic features
enjoy The Hot Chick
enjoy at least
enjoy as mild escapism
outright newness . Plus
outright newness
outshine the best some directors
outselling the electric guitar
miss you .
we 've marveled at Disney 's rendering of water , snow , flames and shadows in a hand-drawn animated world .
would be a page-turner
the worthy EMI recording that serves as the soundtrack ,
Even when it drags , we are forced to reflect that its visual imagination is breathtaking
Even though it 's common knowledge that Park and his founding partner , Yong Kang , lost Kozmo in the end , you ca n't help but get caught up in the thrill of the company 's astonishing growth .
Even through its flaws , Revolution # 9 proves to be a compelling , interestingly told film .
Even though many of these guys are less than adorable ( their lamentations are pretty much self-centered ) , there 's something vital about the movie .
Even through its flaws , Revolution # 9 proves to be a compelling
offbeat humor , amusing characters
create a film that 's not merely about kicking undead \*\*\* ,
down memory lane
down the story 's more cerebral , and likable , plot elements
the first opportunity
Antonio Banderas
Anybody who enjoys quirky , fun , popcorn movies with a touch of silliness and a little
Bolstered by exceptional performances and a clear-eyed take on the economics of dealing and the pathology of ghetto fabulousness .
Bolstered by exceptional performances and a clear-eyed take on the economics of dealing and the pathology of ghetto fabulousness
Bollywood\/Hollywood will undoubtedly provide its keenest pleasures to those familiar with Bombay musicals
Bolstered by exceptional performances and
Bolstered by exceptional performances
There 's an epic here ,
There 's an epic here
a wish your heart makes
resulted in a smoother , more focused narrative
energetic
The overall fabric is hypnotic , and Mr. Mattei fosters moments of spontaneous intimacy .
The otherwise good-naturedness of Mr. Deeds , with its embrace of sheer goofiness and cameos of less - than-likely New York celebrities
The otherwise good-naturedness of Mr. Deeds , with its embrace of sheer goofiness and cameos of less - than-likely New York celebrities ... certainly raises the film above anything Sandler 's been attached to before .
The overall fabric is hypnotic , and Mr. Mattei fosters moments of spontaneous intimacy
The otherwise good-naturedness of Mr. Deeds , with its embrace of sheer goofiness and cameos
The otherwise good-naturedness of Mr. Deeds , with its embrace of sheer goofiness and cameos of less
wraps back around on itself in the kind of elegant symmetry that 's rare in film today
wraps back around on itself in the kind of elegant symmetry that 's rare in film today , but be warned
Less an examination of neo-Nazism than a probe into the nature of faith
Less an examination of neo-Nazism than a probe into the nature of faith itself
Less an examination of neo-Nazism than a probe into the nature of faith itself .
Less front-loaded
will have you at the edge of your seat for long stretches
Pipe Dream does have its charms . The leads are natural and lovely , the pace is serene , the humor wry and sprightly .
is well plotted , visually striking
Piccoli gives a superb performance full of deep feeling .
Pipe Dream does have its charms .
Pipe Dream does have its charms . The leads are natural and lovely
a witness to several greek-american weddings -- but , happily
a woman 's point-of-view
a work of drama
a worthwhile
fondness
nervy and
nervy and memorable
mind , while watching Eric Rohmer 's tribute to a courageous Scottish lady
mind to see a feature that concentrates on people , a project in which the script and characters hold sway
appeal even
I Spy at a video store near you
I Spy were funny ( enough ) or exciting ( enough )
mind-bending
minded patience , respect and affection
is no doubt true
an inviting piece of film
will have you talking 'til the end of the year
Even if you do n't know the band or the album 's songs by heart , you will enjoy seeing how both evolve , and
very talented young actors
wistful new film
very small children who will be delighted simply to spend more time with familiar cartoon characters
South Korea 's future
Sorvino glides gracefully from male persona to female without missing a beat . Ben Kingsley is truly funny , playing a kind of Ghandi gone bad .
breed a certain kind of madness -- and strength
briefly enliven the film
briefly
breathless movie
bright shining star
are the lively intelligence of the artists and their perceptiveness about their own situations .
are the lively intelligence of the artists and their perceptiveness about their own situations
are the hallmark of this bittersweet , uncommonly sincere movie that portrays the frank humanity of ... emotional recovery .
are the whole show here , with their memorable and resourceful performances
, ' it also rocks .
gut-busting
the performances of the young players are utterly convincing
guiding lights
offers opportunities for occasional smiles and
offers opportunities for occasional smiles
blithe rebel fantasy
the perfect actor to take us on the trip
in creating the layered richness of the imagery in this chiaroscuro of madness and light
recognizable
where big stars and high production values are standard procedure
the performances alone
'm still stunned
the perfect ending
is brilliant as the sleep-deprived Dormer , his increasing weariness as much existential as it is physical
is by far the lightest Dogme film and among the most enjoyable
is by far the lightest Dogme film and among the most enjoyable .
is better .
is better-than-average family entertainment
is both moving and wise
largest-ever historical canvas
larger-than-life figure
is moving
is mostly well-constructed fluff , which is all it seems intended to be .
is n't a retooled genre piece , the tale of a guy and his gun ,
Jagger , Stoppard and
unique and entertaining
You 'll laugh at either the obviousness of it all or its stupidity or maybe even its inventiveness ,
You 'll end up moved .
You '' is a probing examination of a female friendship set against a few dynamic decades
unique and
You 'll laugh at either the obviousness of it all or its stupidity or maybe even its inventiveness , but the point is , you 'll laugh
carries much of the film with a creepy and dead-on performance .
carries it to unexpected heights
carries much of the film with a creepy and dead-on performance
carries a charge of genuine excitement
carried less by wow factors than by its funny , moving yarn that holds up well after two decades
carry forward into the next generation
carry the movie
to be compelling , but which Hoffman 's brilliance
to be entertained
Sex and Lucia is so alluring
free ticket
Sex with Strangers
in three gags in White 's intermittently wise script
solid meat-and-potatoes filmmaking
solid meat-and-potatoes
solid mixture
solid and subtly
solid , very watchable
solid female talent
solutions
solid performances
very well-made , funny
many before his
many a moon about the passions that sometimes fuel our best achievements and other times
most exciting action films
most creative mayhem
most deceptively amusing
most deceptively amusing comedies
most deceptively amusing comedies of the year
most effective
most effective aspects
The rich performances by Friel
The rich performances
The rich performances by Friel -- and especially Williams , an American actress who becomes fully English -- round out the square edges .
The rich performances by Friel -- and especially Williams , an American actress who becomes fully English --
The riveting performances by the incredibly flexible cast
The riveting performances
The riveting performances by the incredibly flexible cast make Love a joy to behold .
The screenplay never lets us forget that Bourne was once an amoral assassin just like the ones who are pursuing him
turning one man 's triumph of will
very well-made , funny and entertaining
turning one man 's triumph of will into everyman 's romance comedy
by weaving a theme throughout this funny film
simple and precise
adventure and song
Much Ado About Something is an amicable endeavor .
A damn fine and a truly distinctive and a deeply pertinent film .
A delicious and delicately funny look
A damn fine and
A cutesy romantic tale with a twist .
A damn fine
indulge the force of humanity over hardware in a way that George Lucas has long forgotten
from this new version of E . T . just as I hoped I would --
ingeniously constructed
has the punch of a good sitcom , while offering exceptionally well-detailed characters .
has the punch of a good sitcom , while offering exceptionally well-detailed characters
has tailored an epic tale into a lean , economical movie
has stepped into the mainstream of filmmaking with an assurance worthy of international acclaim and with every cinematic tool well under his control -- driven by a natural sense for what works on screen .
has stepped into the mainstream of filmmaking with an assurance worthy of international acclaim and with every cinematic tool well under his control -- driven by a natural sense for what works on screen
has stepped into the mainstream of filmmaking with an assurance worthy of international acclaim and with every cinematic tool well under his control -- driven by a natural sense for what works
has the punch of a good sitcom ,
has the punch of a good sitcom
as it often is
turn a larky chase movie into an emotionally satisfying exploration of the very human need to be somebody , and to belong to somebody .
the most entertaining moments
celebrates radical
to find a film to which the adjective ` gentle ' applies
the Coen brothers and
a surprising winner
with a single
It 's a technically superb film , shining with all the usual Spielberg flair , expertly utilizing the talents of his top-notch creative team .
It 's a sweet , laugh-a-minute crowd pleaser that lifts your spirits as well as the corners of your mouth .
It 's a scattershot affair , but when it hits its mark it 's brilliant .
It 's a scattershot affair , but when it hits its mark it 's brilliant
It 's a work by an artist so in control of both his medium and his message that he can improvise like a jazzman .
An absurdist comedy about alienation , separation and loss
An absorbing and unsettling psychological drama .
An absurdist comedy
An artful , intelligent film
of The Little Mermaid and Aladdin
, uncommonly sincere movie that portrays the frank humanity of ... emotional recovery
, twisty yarn
Stanley Kwan has directed not only one of the best gay love stories ever made , but one of the best love stories of any stripe .
, unlike so many other Hollywood movies of its ilk , it offers hope
, unlike those in Moulin Rouge , are crisp and purposeful without overdoing it
this second go-round possesses a quite pleasing , headlong thrust and a likably delinquent attitude .
this simple , sweet and romantic comedy
the greatest plays of the last 100 years
uncommonly moving
an extended , open-ended poem
a classic whose witty dialogue is treated with a baffling casual approach
a classic whose witty dialogue
roiling black-and-white inspires
roiling black-and-white inspires trembling and gratitude
Mordantly funny and
Mordantly funny and intimately knowing
Mordantly funny
More concerned with overall feelings , broader ideas , and open-ended questions than concrete story and definitive answers , Soderbergh 's Solaris is a gorgeous and deceptively minimalist cinematic tone poem .
More good than great
are moved by the emotional tumult of ( François and Michèle 's ) relationship
are more compelling than the execution
sterling
offer much more than the series
their place in the world
self-deprecating comedy
self-conscious but often hilarious
, but Kinnear 's performance is razor sharp .
sometimes endearing
But based on CQ , I 'll certainly be keeping an eye out for his next project .
enough to feel good about
enough to become comparatively sane and healthy
of the most compelling variations on In the Company of Men
enough to keep men
enough to make you put away the guitar , sell the amp , and apply to medical school
Even at its worst , it 's not half-bad .
great one-liners
great one
'' is suitable summer entertainment that offers escapism without requiring a great deal of thought .
'' is owned by its costars , Spader and Gyllenhaal .
great evident care
great leaps
great humanitarian
great comedy filmmaker
'' is an earnest , by-the-numbers effort by Washington .
great evident
by its end offers a ray of hope to the refugees able to look ahead and resist living in a past
gets the job done
of the most honest films ever made about Hollywood
deceptively simple ,
celebrate
Intriguing documentary which is emotionally diluted by focusing on the story 's least interesting subject .
hard-driving
straight from the ages
straight-ahead
, the clichés disappear into the vertiginous perspectives opened up by the photography
, the benchmark against which all other Best Picture contenders should be measured
hard-hitting documentary
, but Bishop and Stevenson are standouts .
goofy ( if not entirely wholesome ) fun
good-natured
good-natured and
good trash
good-hearted
good-natured and sometimes quite funny
goodwill
it demands repeated viewings .
it deserves a wide audience .
it can be heart-rending in an honest and unaffected ( and gentle ) way
it can resonate far beyond museum walls and through to the most painfully marginal lives
a cool event for the whole family . Maybe not a classic , but
a cool event for the whole family . Maybe not a classic ,
engaging enough to keep you from shifting in your chair too often
a cool event
a convincing impersonation
a convincing brogue
by John Woo in this little-known story of Native Americans and their role in the second great war
by England 's Roger Mitchell , who handily makes the move from pleasing
engaging charisma
it ! Gollum 's ` performance ' is incredible
a step further ,
a step further , richer and
like the first movie based on J . K .
One of the most slyly exquisite anti-adult movies ever made .
One of the most slyly exquisite anti-adult movies
One of the most splendid entertainments to emerge from the French film industry in years .
One of the most splendid
One of the most incoherent
One of the most original American productions this year , you 'll find yourself remembering this refreshing visit to a Sunshine State .
One of the most original American productions this year
neat premise
engages your brain in a way few current films do
engages your brain in a way few current films do .
engages
engages one in a sense of epic struggle -- inner and outer -- that 's all too rare in Hollywood 's hastier productions
engaged
engage you
engaging and warm performance
engaging characterizations
a self-aware , often self-mocking , intelligence
a second chance to find love in the most unlikely place
a searing album of remembrance from those who , having survived , suffered most
a searing album
a self-reflexive , philosophical nature
all the enjoyable randomness of a very lively dream
all the enjoyable randomness
It 's a cool event for the whole family .
It 's sort of in-between , and it works .
very entertaining
very distinctive sensibility
pretty well
pretty watchable
of neurasthenic regret
of nature and family warmth
of nearly epic proportions
of near-hypnotic physical beauty
works its way up
snappy
works , including its somewhat convenient ending
works , including its somewhat convenient ending .
workplace ambition
a playful recapitulation of the artist 's career
is simply a well-made and satisfying thriller
is simply a well-made and satisfying thriller .
is simply no doubt that this film asks the right questions at the right time in the history of our country
is simply no doubt that this film asks the right questions at the right time in the history of our country .
is sincere
very entertaining , thought-provoking film
the finest kind
the first and last look at one of the most triumphant performances of Vanessa Redgrave 's career
me feeling refreshed and hopeful
me grinning
does n't have you impatiently squinting at your watch
reign of fire may be little more than another platter of reheated aliens , but it 's still pretty tasty .
reign of fire may be little more than another platter of reheated aliens , but it 's still pretty tasty
reinforces the talents of screenwriter charlie kaufman , creator of adaptation
reinforces the talents of screenwriter charlie kaufman , creator of adaptation and
kind , unapologetic , sweetheart
kind , unapologetic ,
ha ha '' funny , ''
that 's a big part of why we go to the movies .
that 's a sly , amusing , laugh-filled little gem in which the ultimate `` Bellini '' begins to look like a `` real Kaputschnik
that 's amusing enough while you watch it , offering fine acting moments and pungent insights into modern L.A. 's show-biz and media
to reproduce the special spark between the characters that made the first film such a delight
slight but a pleasure
kind ,
its sparkling beauty
its sensitive handling
its sensitive handling of some delicate subject matter
its smallness
all its vital essence
assesses the issues with a clear passion for sociology
such enervating determination
to the mark
the kind of ` laugh therapy '
the kind of ` laugh therapy ' I need from movie comedies
the kids start pulling off stunts not even Steven Spielberg would know how to do
gripping and compelling
on lingering terror punctuated by sudden shocks and not constant bloodshed
make the formula feel fresh
make the film relevant today
make the film relevant today ,
meaning and value
deeper and more engaging .
sees those relationships , including that between the son and his wife , and the wife and the father , and between the two brothers , with incredible subtlety and acumen .
disturbing , yet compelling
disturbing , yet compelling to watch
distinguishes Time of Favor from countless other thrillers
diva
disturbing examination
horrifying documents of lynchings , still photographs and charming old reel-to-reel recordings of Meeropol entertaining his children to create his song history , but most powerful of all
honesty and sensitivity
honesty to keep one glued to the screen
what spectacular sizzle it is ! ... In this incarnation its fizz is infectious
very mild
let Crocodile Hunter Steve Irwin do what he does best , and fashion a story around him
a pure comedy
a price for its intricate intellectual gamesmanship
Funny , though
Funny , sexy , devastating and incurably romantic .
Funny , sexy , devastating and incurably romantic
Funny , sexy ,
Funny , sexy
Functions as both a revealing look at the collaborative process and a timely , tongue-in-cheek profile of the corporate circus that is the recording industry in the current climate of mergers and downsizing .
a polished and relatively sincere piece of escapism
a polished and relatively sincere piece
a best-selling writer
a polished and relatively sincere piece of escapism .
a pretty good time with this movie - despite its myriad flaws
a pretty good time
Funny in a sick , twisted sort of way .
Funny in a sick , twisted sort of way
the character to unearth the quaking essence of passion , grief and fear
all that good .
heart-felt drama
No , it 's not as single-minded as John Carpenter 's original , but it 's sure a lot smarter and more unnerving than the sequels
No , it 's not as single-minded as John Carpenter 's original , but it 's sure a lot smarter and more unnerving than the sequels .
... Olivier Assayas has fashioned an absorbing look at provincial bourgeois French society .
, peculiar and always entertaining costume drama
, passion and talent
, overall it 's an entertaining and informative documentary .
gives Italian for Beginners an amiable aimlessness that keeps it from seeming predictably formulaic
gives Human Nature its unique feel
gives '' Mothman '' an irresistibly uncanny ambience that goes a long way toward keeping the picture compelling
the story , like Ravel 's Bolero , builds to a crescendo that encompasses many more paths than we started with .
provides a grim , upsetting glimpse at the lives of some of the 1.2 million Palestinians who live in the crowded cities and refugee camps of Gaza
... an adorably whimsical comedy that deserves more than a passing twinkle .
provides Amélie 's Audrey Tautou with another fabuleux destin -- i.e. , a banal spiritual quest
provide an intense experience when splashed across the immense IMAX screen .
proves that even in sorrow you can find humor
this gentle and affecting melodrama will have luvvies in raptures
this has layered , well-developed characters and some surprises .
As a girl-meets-girl romantic comedy , Kissing Jessica Steinis quirky , charming and often hilarious . Yet it 's not quite the genre-busting film it 's been hyped to be because it plays everything too safe .
As a good old-fashioned adventure for kids , Spirit
As a director , Paxton is surprisingly brilliant , deftly sewing together what could have been a confusing and horrifying vision into an intense and engrossing head-trip .
As a girl-meets-girl romantic comedy
boom mikes
bones tickled
, I Spy is still fun and enjoyable and so aggressively silly that it 's more than a worthwhile effort .
, I 'd say the film works
, Hélène Angel is definitely a director to watch .
, Hollywood has crafted a solid formula for successful animated movies , and Ice Age only improves on it , with terrific computer graphics , inventive action sequences and a droll sense of humor .
, I 'm the One That I Want , in 2000 .
above its disgusting source material
about young women
above Academy standards
the divine calling
life that 's very different from our own and yet instantly recognizable
the diverse , marvelously twisted shapes history
impresses almost as much as her work
humor and
honesty and
for the best of Hollywood 's comic-book
impressive control ,
for the film 's winning tone
plenty of laughs and good lines for everyone in this comedy
of the world 's most fascinating stories
Malone does have a gift for generating nightmarish images that will be hard to burn out of your brain . But
divining meaning
divine
Kinnear and Dafoe give what may be the performances of their careers .
... Rogers 's mouth never stops shut about the war between the sexes and how to win the battle .
A strong first quarter ,
A strong first quarter , slightly less so second quarter , and average second half
A strong first quarter
Kouyate elicits strong performances from his cast
Kong action cinema
Kong action
... The Lady and the Duke surprisingly manages never to grow boring ... which proves that Rohmer still has a sense of his audience .
first full flush
reminds you of why animation is such a perfect medium for children , because of the way it allows the mind to enter and accept another world
reminds you just how comically subversive silence can be
reminds me of a vastly improved Germanic version of My Big Fat Greek Wedding
its own
creates something more beautiful than either of those films
creating an intriguing species of artifice
creative belly laughs
creative , energetic and original
creative film
creative energy and wit to entertain all ages
small but rewarding
that manages to find greatness in the hue of its drastic iconography
the pristine camerawork
moved to tears by a couple of scenes
movie -- go see it
of writer-director Eric Byler , who understands the power of the implicit and the virtues of simplicity and economy
of why we go to the movies
of why art matters , and how it can resonate far beyond museum walls and through to the most painfully marginal lives
of weeks
their own cleverness
an important movie
an important movie ,
is on his way to becoming the American Indian Spike Lee
an impeccable pedigree , mongrel pep
of an artist , one whose view of America , history and the awkwardness of human life is generous and deep
get a nomination for a best-foreign-film Oscar : Make a movie about whimsical folk who learn a nonchallenging , life-affirming lesson while walking around a foreign city with stunning architecture
the American Insomnia is still pretty darned good .
Where last time jokes flowed out of Cho 's life story , which provided an engrossing dramatic through line
phenomenal , water-born cinematography
phenomenal , especially
phenomenal ,
A pleasant piece
sustains interest during the long build-up of expository material
sustains interest
the cinematic equivalent of a big , tender hug
a beautifully accomplished lyrical meditation on a bunch of despondent and vulnerable characters living in the renown Chelsea Hotel
a beautifully accomplished lyrical meditation
finding a new angle
suspenseful spin
suspenseful enough for older kids but not too scary
that manages to have a good time as it doles out pieces of the famous director 's life
get on your feet and shake it
get into its rhythm
get THIS
get a fuzzy treat
scathingly witty
's the kind of effectively creepy-scary thriller that has you fixating on a far corner of the screen at times because your nerves just ca n't take it any more
's the unsettling images of a war-ravaged land that prove more potent and riveting than the unlikely story of Sarah and Harrison
... broad streaks of common sense emerge with unimpeachable clarity .
` naturalistic ' rather than carefully lit and set up
` naturalistic ' rather than
pilot episode
across its indulgent two-hour-and-fifteen-minute length
single good film
Walsh 's Pipe Dream is the distinct and very welcome sense of watching intelligent people making a movie
Walter Hill 's Undisputed is like a 1940s Warner Bros . B picture , and I mean that as a compliment
evoking memories of Day of the Jackal , The French Connection , and Heat
If you answered yes , by all means enjoy The New Guy
If you are in the mood for an intelligent weepy
If you are in the mood for an intelligent weepy , it can easily worm its way into your heart . '
If you can push on through the slow spots , you 'll be rewarded with some fine acting .
be as cutting , as witty or as true as back
The fluid motion is astounding on any number of levels -- including the physical demands made on Büttner --
of warmth and gentle humor
of warmth to go around , with music and laughter and the love of family
of watching intelligent people making a movie
but strangely believable
but what gives Human Nature its unique feel is Kaufman 's script
but very pleasing at its best moments
but you 'll be blissfully exhausted
that you ca n't look away from
The performances are amiable and committed
The performances are amiable and committed ,
The overall fabric is hypnotic , and Mr . Mattei fosters moments of spontaneous intimacy
The overall fabric is hypnotic , and Mr . Mattei fosters moments of spontaneous intimacy .
The overall fabric is hypnotic ,
The overall fabric is hypnotic , and
The overall fabric is hypnotic
highly intriguing thriller
highly intriguing
hilariously , gloriously alive
hilariously ,
hilarious Kenneth Branagh
hilariously , gloriously alive , and
hilariously , gloriously alive ,
a visual tour-de-force and a story that is unlike any you will likely see anywhere else
a very very strong `` B +
a vehicle to savour Binoche 's skill
never becomes claustrophobic
never feels draggy
restrained and subtle
restore ( Harmon ) to prominence ,
The cast , collectively a successful example of the lovable-loser protagonist , shows deft comic timing .
best sense
best of all
is a film that defies categorisation
should not consider this a diss .
should have fun meeting a brand-new Pokemon called Celebi .
should have fun meeting a brand-new Pokemon called Celebi
should transcend any awards it bags
may yet have a great movie in him
is visually smart ,
is visually smart
is very original
Rock solid family fun
Rock solid family fun out of the gates
Rock solid family fun out
Rock solid family fun out of the gates , extremely imaginative through out
Rock solid family fun out of the gates ,
that 's sustained through the surprisingly somber conclusion
that 's suitable for all ages -- a movie that will make you laugh
that 's what I liked about it -- the real issues tucked between the silly and crude storyline
that 's what I liked about it
that 's right
matched by Schweig , who carries the film on his broad , handsome shoulders
that ( Jaglom ) pursued with such enervating determination in Venice\/Venice
sets it apart is the vision that taymor , the avant garde director of broadway 's the lion king and the film titus , brings
give the transcendent performance
it aspires
it an exhilarating
some truly unique character studies and a cross-section of Americana that Hollywood could n't possibly fictionalize and be believed
vibrant with originality
vibrant , colorful , semimusical rendition
vibrant , colorful , semimusical
very valuable film
very valuable
Ray Liotta and Jason Patric do some of their best work in their underwritten roles , but do n't be fooled :
Reggio 's images and Glass ' evocative music
somehow it hit you where you live
is a film that defies categorisation .
recommending
's some fine sex onscreen , and some tense arguing , but not a whole lot more .
give it a marginal thumbs up
that gradually sneaks up on the audience
give it a boost
makes up for with its heart
makes you examine your own life in much the same way its characters do
makes your spine tingle with revelation and excitement
displays in freshening the play
display of murderous vulnerability ensures that malice has a very human face
of Richard Nixon
seeks to re-create the excitement of such '50s flicks as Jules Verne 's ' 20,000 Leagues Under the Sea ' and the George Pal version of H.G. Wells ' ` The Time Machine . '
anyone believes about the goal of its makers , the show ... represents a spectacular piece of theater
anybody who still retains a soft spot for precollegiate humor
any youngster who loves horses
anyone who appreciates intelligent , stylish moviemaking
the best of the year
the best of the series
of one of the best films
D )
Cute , funny , heartwarming digitally animated feature film with plenty of slapstick humor for the kids , lots of in-jokes for the adults and heart enough for everyone .
Cute , funny
his collaborators ' symbolic images with his words ,
the scintillating force
the scope and shape of an especially well-executed television movie
a pretty woman
comes out on video
many a Hollywood romance . What sets it apart is the vision that Taymor , the avant garde director of Broadway 's The Lion King and the film Titus , brings
Caton-Jones
The affectionate loopiness that once seemed congenital to Demme 's perspective
300 years of Russian history and culture
300 years of Russian history and culture compressed into an evanescent , seamless and sumptuous stream of consciousness .
a positive impression
whimsical and relevant today
open-faced
while the Oscar-winning sound and James Horner 's rousing score make good use of the hefty audio system
while offering exceptionally well-detailed characters
has said that Warm Water Under a Red Bridge is a poem to the enduring strengths of women
has really done his subject justice .
has some cute moments , funny scenes , and hits the target audience ( young Bow Wow fans ) - with nothing but net
has some cute moments , funny scenes , and hits the target audience ( young Bow Wow fans ) -
has some of the funniest jokes of any movie
funny , fast and loose , accessible to the uninitiated ,
curiously moving
Not many movies have that kind of impact on me these days .
funny , fast and loose ,
ups
upping the ante
upscale audiences hungry for quality and a nostalgic , twisty yarn that will keep them guessing
, gut-clutching piece
, gritty , sometimes funny
a historically significant , and personal , episode
a historically significant work
a hoot watching The Rock chomp on jumbo ants , pull an arrow out of his back , and leap unscathed through raging fire
the depth and breadth of emotional intimacy give the physical act all of its meaning and most of its pleasure
the democratic exercise while also examining its significance for those who take part
the depth and breadth
the depth and breadth of emotional intimacy
an actual Vietnam War combat movie
an admirable , sometimes exceptional film
an admirable reconstruction
an admirable
an admirable ,
an admirable reconstruction of terrible events
an admirable reconstruction of terrible events ,
popcorn movies with a touch of silliness and a little bloodshed
In visual fertility Treasure Planet rivals the top Japanese animations of recent vintage .
similar to the 1953 Disney classic
's a glorious groove that leaves you wanting more
's a comedy full of gentle humor that chides the absurdity of its protagonist 's plight
's a brave attempt to tap into the heartbeat of the world , a salute to the universal language of rhythm and a zippy sampling of sounds
's a brave attempt to tap into the heartbeat of the world , a salute to the universal language of rhythm and a zippy sampling of sounds .
's a bittersweet and lyrical mix of elements
's a big part of why we go to the movies
credulous
credible account
credible case
credible gender-provoking philosophy
credited to director Abdul Malik Abbott and Ernest ` Tron ' Anderson
a tribute to Shyamalan 's gifts , which are such that we 'll keep watching the skies for his next project
a tribute to the actress , and to her inventive director
a tricky tightrope between being wickedly funny and just plain wicked
a troubadour
thoroughly winning flight of revisionist fancy
mistaking the filmmaker in the tall grass , true to himself
modern Beijing culture
It thankfully goes easy on the reel\/real world dichotomy that ( Jaglom ) pursued with such enervating determination in Venice\/Venice .
much closer to Hornby 's drop-dead confessional tone than the film version of High Fidelity did
surprisingly
superior
Thoughtful , even
Thoughtful
them because you ca n't wait to see what they do next
Shining
gives Hollywood sequels
death . On that score , the film certainly does n't disappoint
contains some hefty thematic material on time , death , eternity , and what
B-grade stylishness
Its adult themes of familial separation and societal betrayal are head and shoulders above much of the director 's previous popcorn work .
Awkward but sincere and , ultimately , it wins you over .
Ayurveda works .
's rare for any movie to be as subtle and touching as The Son 's Room
's quite fun in places
's probably worth catching solely on its visual merits . If only it had the story to match
's pure entertainment
absolutely , inescapably gorgeous ,
absolute delight
absolutely no idea
absolutely , inescapably gorgeous , skyscraper-trapeze motion of the amazing Spider-Man
absolutely , inescapably gorgeous , skyscraper-trapeze motion
absorbing look
mysterious ,
the actors pick up the slack
runs with it and presents it with an unforgettable visual panache
sacred in this gut-buster
would look like something like this
be ( Assayas ' ) homage to the Gallic ` tradition of quality , ' in all its fusty squareness
piece , a model of menacing atmosphere .
piece , a model of menacing atmosphere
embark a major career as a commercial yet inventive filmmaker
embark a major career
embrace small , sweet ` Evelyn
embodies the character with an effortlessly regal charisma .
embodies the character with an effortlessly regal charisma
of a lovingly rendered coffee table book
of a man with unimaginable demons
of a masterpiece -- and a challenging one
the most impressive player
the most interesting writer\/directors
that it counts heart as important as humor
that it could become a cult classic
Jae-eun Jeong 's Take Care of My Cat brings a beguiling freshness to a coming-of-age story with such a buoyant , expressive flow of images that it emerges as another key contribution to the flowering of the South Korean cinema .
empowerment movie
is a ride , basically the kind of greatest-hits reel that might come with a subscription to ESPN the Magazine
is a rich stew of longing .
is a rich stew of longing
is a remarkably original work .
is a remarkably original work
is a remarkably accessible and haunting film .
is a remarkably accessible and haunting film
is a refreshingly smart and newfangled variation on several themes derived from far less sophisticated and knowing horror films .
is a refreshingly smart and newfangled variation on several themes derived from far less sophisticated and knowing horror films
his subjects are charmers .
his two Oscar nominated films
his two Oscar nominated films in 2000
refresh our souls
to feed to the younger generations
transcend its genre
much existential
is suitable summer entertainment that offers escapism without requiring a great deal of thought .
is suitable summer entertainment that offers escapism without requiring a great deal of thought
is a winning ensemble comedy that shows Canadians can put gentle laughs and equally gentle sentiments on the button , just as easily as their counterparts anywhere else in the world
much improved
so substantial or fresh
's a British flick gleefully
's a compelling story
's a compelling story ,
's a good film
is about as cool and crowd-pleasing as a documentary can get
ambition is in short supply in the cinema , and Egoyan tackles his themes and explores his characters ' crises with seriousness and compassion
of considerable potential
in the theater thinking up grocery lists and ways to tell their kids how not to act like Pinocchio . As for children
Swimming takes its time to tell its story , casts mostly little-known performers in key roles , and introduces some intriguing ambiguity .
Strap on a pair of 3-D goggles , shut out the real world , and take a vicarious voyage to the last frontier
Strap on a pair of 3-D goggles , shut out the real world , and take a vicarious voyage to the last frontier --
like I already mentioned ... it 's Robert Duvall !
like E.T. the first time I saw it as a young boy
of the funniest motion
of the funniest jokes of any movie
of the finest films of the year .
of the flesh
mysterious , sensual
the land
Robert John Burke as The Monster horns in and steals the show .
Robin Williams has thankfully ditched the saccharine sentimentality of Bicentennial Man in favour of an altogether darker side .
Robert De Niro performance
Robert De Niro singing - and dancing to - West Side Story show tunes
Robert Duvall
The entire movie establishes a wonderfully creepy mood .
's the best sequel since The Empire Strikes Back ... a majestic achievement , an epic of astonishing grandeur and surprising emotional depth .
The entire cast is extraordinarily good .
The fact is that the screen is most alive when it seems most likely that Broomfield 's interviewees , or even himself , will not be for much longer .
The extent to which it succeeds is impressive
The extent to which it succeeds
The far future may be awesome to consider
but viewers willing to take a chance will be rewarded with two of the year 's most accomplished and riveting film performances .
but they will almost certainly be fascinated , and undoubtedly delighted .
skillfully
the reaction in Williams is as visceral as a gut punch
some of the intensity that made her an interesting character to begin with
Working from a surprisingly sensitive script co-written by Gianni Romoli ...
Working from a surprisingly sensitive script co-written by Gianni Romoli
Woody Allen has really found his groove these days .
satire and unabashed sweetness
those who loved Cool as Ice have at last found a worthy follow-up
Sitting in the third row of the IMAX cinema at Sydney 's Darling Harbour , but I sometimes felt as though I was in the tiny two seater plane that carried the giant camera around Australia , sweeping and gliding , banking and hovering over some of the most not
Sitting in the third row of the IMAX cinema at Sydney 's Darling Harbour , but I sometimes felt as though I was in the tiny two seater plane that carried the giant camera around Australia , sweeping and gliding , banking and
Working from a surprisingly sensitive script co-written by Gianni Romoli ... Ozpetek avoids most of the pitfalls you 'd expect in such a potentially sudsy set-up .
The production values are up there . The use of CGI and
the real Antwone Fisher was able to overcome his personal obstacles and become a good man
and we grow attached to their lives , full of strength , warmth and vitality .
and touching nostalgia
and wishing her the best -- whatever that might mean
A modest pleasure that
anything fresh
a slapstick comedy
, here 's a fun one .
reveals the yearning we all have in our hearts for acceptance within the family circle .
respect than enthuse over
confront what 's possible
complex politics understandable to viewers looking for nothing but energetic entertainment
promising cast
to great artistic significance
guessing at almost every turn
wants
warmth in the coldest environment
warm water
a bigger , more complicated story
Throughout all the tumult
Thriller directorial debut for Traffic scribe Gaghan has all the right parts
Thriller directorial debut for Traffic scribe Gaghan has all the right parts ,
Thriller directorial debut for Traffic scribe Gaghan has all the right parts , but
Thriller
film compels
contemplative , and sublimely beautiful .
occasional jarring glimpses
obviously desired
occasional smiles
nail the spirit-crushing ennui of denuded urban living without giving in to it
nails Sy 's queasy infatuation and overall strangeness .
namely , an archetypal desire to enjoy good trash every now and then .
The determination of Pinochet 's victims to seek justice , and their often heartbreaking testimony , spoken directly into director Patricio Guzman 's camera , pack a powerful emotional wallop
any recent film , independent or otherwise ,
of watching De Niro and Crystal having fun
of wit and dignity
of what made old-time B movies good-bad that makes Eight Legged Freaks a perfectly entertaining summer diversion
of work and 2002 's first great film
put hairs on your chest
pushes a majority-oriented director like Steven Spielberg to follow A . I . with this challenging report so liable to unnerve the majority
pushes a majority-oriented director like Steven Spielberg
put gentle laughs and equally gentle sentiments on the button , just as easily as their counterparts anywhere else in the world
purposefully
purposefully reductive movie
Genuinely touching because it 's realistic about all kinds of love
, but I had a pretty good time with this movie - despite its myriad flaws .
hits and generally sustains a higher plateau with Bullock 's memorable first interrogation of Gosling
hits and generally sustains a higher plateau with Bullock 's memorable first interrogation of Gosling .
hit the silver screen , then this first film to use a watercolor background since '' Dumbo '' certainly ranks as the most original in years
hit you from the first scene
hits home
flamboyant mannerisms
go see this unique and entertaining twist on the classic whale 's tale
go where the moment takes them
, brutal and strangely soulful movie .
combines psychological drama , sociological reflection , and high-octane thriller
combine into one terrific story with lots of laughs
combined with so much first-rate talent
sharply
combines psychological drama , sociological reflection , and high-octane thriller .
combines the enigmatic features of ` Memento '
Congrats Disney on a job well done
Satin Rouge is not a new , or inventive , journey , but it 's encouraging to see a three-dimensional , average , middle-aged woman 's experience of self-discovery handled with such sensitivity
Connoisseurs of Chinese film will be pleased to discover that Tian 's meticulous talent has not withered during his enforced hiatus .
's plenty to impress about E.T.
sharply comic
's perfect .
's perfect
beautifully articulated portrayals
sharply comic and
thoroughly enjoyed the love story
tremble without losing his machismo
involved in the creation of an extraordinary piece of music
inviting all the same
tremendous chemistry
involvingly adult surprises
tremendous piece
A uniquely sensual metaphorical dramatization of sexual obsession
A uniquely sensual metaphorical dramatization of sexual obsession that spends a bit too much time on its fairly ludicrous plot .
A uniquely sensual metaphorical dramatization
A truly wonderful tale combined with stunning animation .
A typically observant , carefully nuanced and intimate French coming-of-age film that is an encouraging debut feature but has a needlessly downbeat ending that
A triumph of pure craft and passionate heart .
A truly wonderful tale
trembling and gratitude
A very capable nailbiter .
that the appeal of Hey Arnold ! The Movie will reach far beyond its core demographic
But as you watch the movie , you 're too interested to care .
earnest performances
a good sitcom
earnest study
a memorable directorial debut from King Hunk
earnest dramaturgy
dying for this kind of entertainment
dutiful precision
dwells
seeing just on the basis of the wisdom , and at times , the startling optimism , of the children
a good charitable enterprise and
a worthwhile glimpse of independent-community guiding lights
a poignant and wryly amusing film
a worthwhile effort
earnestness remarkably well
a pleasant enough dish
earns extra points
's mildly entertaining ,
Black Hawk Down and We Were Soldiers
's lots of cute animals and clumsy people
's lots of cool stuff packed into ESPN 's Ultimate X.
but it is a whole lot of fun and you get to see the one of the world 's best actors , Daniel Auteuil ,
but it works under the direction of Kevin Reynolds .
but it works under the direction of Kevin Reynolds
a taste of tangy new humor
a sweet treasure and something
a sweet treasure and
Orange County '' is far funnier than it would seem to have any right to be .
Oscar Wilde 's masterpiece , The Importance of Being Earnest , may be the best play of the 19th century .
Loved Ones
Loved
Love Call to Jeanette MacDonald
Love -- very much a Hong Kong movie
Love -- very much
Love --
Horns and Halos benefits from serendipity but also reminds us of our own responsibility to question what is told as the truth .
a tour de force , written and directed so quietly that it 's implosion rather than explosion you fear
a tour de force ,
a tougher picture
a tour de force , written and directed so quietly that it 's implosion
the surprise ending
the surprise ending is revealed
Turns potentially forgettable formula into something strangely diverting
Turns potentially forgettable formula into something strangely diverting .
a light ,
a light , fun
a kind of political blair witch , a monstrous murk that haunts us precisely because it can never be seen
a light , fun cheese puff
with tremendous skill
with this one too
charming the masses with star power , a pop-induced score and sentimental moments that have become a Spielberg trademark
charming the masses with star power , a pop-induced score and sentimental moments
skillfully assembled , highly polished and professional adaptation
inspired performance
the right movie
instantly transform themselves into a believable mother\/daughter pair
inspiring hope
of healthy eccentric inspiration and ambition
some outrageously creative action in The Transporter ...
one good one
one fantastic visual trope
one decent performance from the cast and
the makings of an interesting meditation on the ethereal nature of the internet and the otherworldly energies it could channel
its considerable power
pretty good
its classical music
such hilarity
such an instant camp classic
such noble and lofty ambitions
It 's a very sincere work ,
It 's a very sincere work
prevents the proceedings from feeling repetitious
ambition and
was immensely enjoyable thanks to great performances by both Steve Buscemi and Rosario Dawson
a star vehicle for Zhao
certainly
his co-writers keep the story subtle and us in suspense
his beautiful , self-satisfied 22-year-old girlfriend and an equally beautiful , self-satisfied 18-year-old mistress
his beautiful , self-satisfied 22-year-old girlfriend
his beautiful , self-satisfied 22-year-old
it 's among the most breathtakingly designed films I 've ever seen
it 's also one of the smarter , savvier spoofs to come along in some time .
it 's also one of the smarter , savvier spoofs to come along in some time
it 's also full of sharp , smart satire .
That is a compliment to Kuras and Miller .
a hallucinatory dreamscape that frustrates and captivates
it 's a worthwhile tutorial in quantum physics and slash-dash
a guilty-pleasure , daytime-drama sort of fashion
a guilty-pleasure , so-bad-it 's - funny level
it 's an intriguing look at two performers who put themselves out there because they love what they do .
can state that Kissing Jessica Stein may be the best same-sex romance I have seen .
can still feel director Denis Villeneuve 's beating heart and the fondness he has for his characters
certain
ca n't help but get caught up in the thrill of the company 's astonishing growth
ca n't help but feel ` stoked . '
ca n't look away from
an irresistible blend of warmth and humor
can still feel director Denis Villeneuve 's beating heart and the fondness he has for his characters .
A historical epic with the courage of its convictions about both scope and detail
an irresistible blend of warmth and humor and
A journey through memory , a celebration of living , and a sobering rumination on fatality , classism , and ignorance
A journey through memory , a celebration of living , and a sobering rumination
strongly
make this worth a peek
make this an eminently engrossing film .
make up for a derivative plot
make us share their enthusiasm
make us care about Zelda 's ultimate fate
with a fresh point of view
with a flick boasting this many genuine cackles
earns it
results that are sometimes bracing
is a winning comedy that excites the imagination and tickles the funny bone .
the film version of High Fidelity
the film version
the film works on several levels , openly questioning social mores while ensnaring the audience with its emotional pull .
the film tunes into a grief that could lead a man across centuries .
the film together with an engaging and warm performance
Sometimes , nothing satisfies like old-fashioned swashbuckling .
comes off winningly ,
psychological case study
with humor , warmth , and intelligence , captures a life interestingly lived
with humor , warmth , and intelligence
if also somewhat hermetic .
if Invincible is not quite the career peak that The Pianist is for Roman Polanski
if I said my ribcage did n't ache by the end of Kung Pow
idiosyncratic enough to lift the movie above its playwriting 101 premise
if Frailty will turn Bill Paxton into an A-list director
if Argento 's Hollywood counterparts ... had this much imagination and nerve
, funny , even punny 6
, fun cheese puff
, funny and poignant
, funny and entertaining
, four-star movie
, for the most part , credible
, frenetic , funny , even punny 6
, generosity and diplomacy
aside from its remarkable camerawork and awesome scenery
unremarkable soft center
dismantle the facades that his genre and his character construct is a wonderous accomplishment of veracity and narrative grace
warm , inviting ,
warm , inviting
warm , fuzzy feeling
warm , fuzzy
warm , enveloping affection
not only a pianist , but a good human being
not only a pianist , but
Antwone Fisher '' is an earnest , by-the-numbers effort by Washington . It wo n't rock any boats but is solid meat-and-potatoes filmmaking .
categorisation . It haunts , horrifies , startles and fascinates ; it is impossible to look away . Ah yes , and then there 's the music
categorisation .
resonant
respectable
resolutely realistic
resolutely realistic path
respectable action
respectable action .
gentle and humane
gentle and engrossing character
gentle and engrossing
gentle , unforced intimacy
style and humor
students that deals with first love sweetly but also seriously
a picaresque view
a pertinent ( cinematically unique ) message
a playful respite
a place and time that will never happen again
a pleasant enough thing
itself beautifully to filming the teeming life on the reefs , making this gorgeous film a must for everyone from junior scientists to grown-up fish lovers
its visual delights
its worst harangues are easy to swallow thanks to remarkable performances by Ferrera and Ontiveros
cultural backgrounds and rhythmic ability want to get up and dance .
cultural
crowd-pleaser 's
, really , really good things can come in enormous packages
, realistic portrayal
the whole package certainly captures the intended , er , spirit of the piece
the whole package
some unexpected zigs and zags help .
errs on the shrill side , tempered by a soft southern gentility that speaks of beauty , grace and a closet full of skeletons .
to be liberating
to be moved by this drama
to be kind of heartwarming , nonetheless
to be lauded for finding a new and ingenious angle
to be funny , uplifting and moving , sometimes all at once . The extent to which it succeeds is impressive
to be decent instead of dead brilliant
Oh , look at that clever angle !
capable of finding beauty in the most depressing places
lore to appreciate the emotional depth of Haynes ' work
is especially terrific as Pauline
Often hilarious .
to perform
is enormously good fun .
moviemaking , one of the best actors , directors and producers
king
moving well
extreme action-packed film
extraordinary poignancy
extraordinary intelligence and originality
extraordinary technical accomplishments
few things in this world more complex --
qualities
puts an exclamation point on the fact
puts an exclamation point
laugh at the ongoing efforts of cube
salient points
a pretty good overall picture of the situation
Cage 's best acting
Cage manages a degree of casual realism
vivid , vibrant individual
visual style
the backstage angst
inside the massive waves that lifts Blue Crush into one of the summer 's most pleasurable movies
inside the wave
insightful about Kissinger 's background and history
a summer
a subculture that is at once exhilarating , silly , perverse , hopeful and always fun
a stylish and energetic one-shot
a pretty good overall picture
a superior cast
a super hero
to watch Huppert scheming , with her small , intelligent eyes as steady as any noir villain , and
to visit , this laboratory of laughter
a simple and heart-warming story ,
to video
A sly game of cat and mouse that 's intense and thrilling at times
Apesar de
to nail the spirit-crushing ennui of denuded urban living without giving in to it
with his talent
Romantic comedy and Dogme 95 filmmaking may seem odd bedfellows , but they turn out to be delightfully compatible here
Romantic comedy and Dogme 95 filmmaking may seem odd bedfellows
Romantic
Romantic comedy and Dogme 95 filmmaking may seem odd bedfellows , but they turn out to be delightfully compatible here .
a tolerable diversion
Peppered with witty dialogue and inventive moments
refreshingly unhibited
refreshingly smart and newfangled
refreshingly smart and newfangled variation
refreshingly realistic ,
refreshingly realistic , affectation-free
refreshingly clear
refreshingly realistic
refreshingly unhibited enthusiasm
companion piece
companionable
companionship
to please its intended audience -- children -- without placing their parents in a coma-like state .
It 's not too fast and
a rewarding balance between emotion
works as an unusual biopic and document of male swingers in the Playboy era
It 's not too fast and not too slow . It 's not too racy and it 's not too offensive .
A family-friendly fantasy that
A family-friendly fantasy
A fast-paced
with clever dialogue and likeable characters
is just such an achievement .
of heart or conservative of spirit
of her Rubenesque physique
provocative title
provoke shocked laughter
All in all , Brown Sugar is a satisfying well-made romantic comedy that 's both charming and well acted . It will guarantee to have you leaving the theater with a smile on your face .
even with all those rough edges safely sanded down , the american insomnia is still pretty darned good .
even with the breathtaking landscapes and villainous varmints
even with all those rough edges safely sanded down , the american insomnia is still pretty darned good
even if you hate clowns
Alice 's adventure through the looking glass and into zombie-land ' is filled with strange and wonderful creatures .
even like them
hate to tear your eyes away from the images
hate to tear your eyes away from the images long enough to read the subtitles
languorous charm
haunting tale
has made a movie that will leave you wondering about the characters ' lives after the clever credits roll .
has made a movie that will leave you wondering about the characters ' lives after the clever credits roll
has made a film that is an undeniably worthy and devastating experience .
has made a film so unabashedly hopeful that it actually makes the heart soar . Yes , soar .
has made a film so unabashedly hopeful that it actually makes the heart soar . Yes , soar
their surroundings
has made its way into your very bloodstream
has a funny moment or two
has a great hook , some clever bits and well-drawn , if standard issue , characters ,
has a great hook , some clever bits and well-drawn , if standard issue , characters
off witty and sophisticated
All in all , Road to Perdition is more in love with strangeness than excellence .
All movie
Those prone to indignation need not apply ; those susceptible to blue hilarity , step right up
Those prone to indignation need not apply ; those susceptible to blue hilarity , step right up .
Works because Reno does n't become smug or sanctimonious towards the audience .
Works because Reno
Worth a salute just for trying to be more complex than your average film .
Worth a look as a curiosity .
Worth a look as a curiosity
Worth a
Worth catching for Griffiths ' warm and winning central performance .
Worth catching for Griffiths ' warm and winning central performance
himself can take credit for most of the movie 's success
himself , who approaches his difficult , endless work with remarkable serenity and discipline
merges bits and pieces from fighting games , wire fu , horror movies , mystery , James Bond , wrestling , sci-fi and anime into one big bloody stew
very much worth
very obviously mark him as a video helmer making his feature debut
a pretty convincing performance as a prissy teenage girl
thrilling sci-fi cinematic ride
City by the Sea swings from one
to the integrity and vision of the band
in the arguments of competing lawyers
in the best possible senses of both those words
vowing , ` This is going to be something really good
vision Clooney sustains throughout
extraordinary American homes
familiar but enjoyable
familiar to traverse uncharted ground
: Because you can hear about suffering Afghan refugees on the news and still be unaffected . Dramas like this make it human .
4 friends , 2 couples , 2000 miles , and all the Pabst Blue Ribbon beer they can drink - it 's the ultimate redneck road-trip .
4 friends
The series ' message about making the right choice in the face of tempting alternatives remains prominent , as do the girls ' amusing personalities .
The series ' message about making the right choice in the face of tempting alternatives
The sentimental script has problems , but the actors pick up the slack .
The sentimental script has problems , but the actors pick up the slack
: Strap on a pair of 3-D goggles , shut out the real world , and take a vicarious voyage to the last frontier --
For those in search of something different , Wendigo is a genuinely bone-chilling tale .
For once , a movie does not proclaim the truth about two love-struck somebodies , but permits them time and space to convince us of that all on their own .
For the most part , it works beautifully as a movie without sacrificing the integrity of the opera .
For most of its footage , the new thriller proves that director M . Night Shyamalan can weave an eerie spell and that Mel Gibson can gasp , shudder and even tremble without losing his machismo .
For decades we 've marveled at Disney 's rendering of water , snow , flames and shadows in a hand-drawn animated world . Prepare to marvel again .
For all the wit and hoopla , Festival In Cannes offers rare insight into the structure of relationships .
and Wai Ka Fai are ) sure to find an enthusiastic audience among American action-adventure buffs , but the film 's interests
having fun
have to be a most hard-hearted person not to be moved by this drama
have the savagery of combat and the specter of death been visualized with such operatic grandeur .
have the savagery of combat and the specter of death been visualized with such operatic grandeur
he 'd sure make a courtroom trial great fun to watch .
having much that is fresh to say about growing up Catholic or , really , anything
inform and educate me
describes this film : honest
describe as looking , sounding and simply feeling like no other film in recent history
another ` spectacular spectacle
another key contribution
another masterpiece
another winning star vehicle
anonymous chiller
Shakespearean -- both in depth and breadth --
Michael Moore gives us the perfect starting point for a national conversation about guns , violence , and fear .
Barbershop is tuned in to its community .
Barbershop '' is a good-hearted ensemble comedy with a variety of quirky characters and an engaging story .
Barbershop so likable
a worthy substitute
a world-class filmmaker
Pumpkin takes an admirable look at the hypocrisy of political correctness
Pumpkin takes an admirable look at the hypocrisy of political correctness ,
Pumpkin takes an admirable look at the hypocrisy of political correctness , but
Punch-Drunk Love is never heavy-handed .
Definitely funny stuff ,
Definitely funny stuff
Definitely funny stuff , but it 's more of the ` laughing at ' variety than the ` laughing with . '
Definitely funny stuff , but it 's more of the ` laughing at ' variety than the ` laughing with
is to be lauded for finding a new and ingenious angle
is their resemblance to everyday children .
is to be lauded for finding a new and ingenious angle .
is to get out of a peculiar premise with promise
is poised for titillation , raw insight or both . Instead
A lively and engaging examination of how similar obsessions can dominate a family .
A lively and engaging examination of how similar obsessions can dominate a family
the brave , uninhibited performances
the boobs are fantasti
the buoyant energy level
extraordinary strength and laser-beam eyes
extensively
prove that movie-star intensity can overcome bad hair design
legitimate
legitimate funny
reveals itself slowly , intelligently
reveals itself slowly , intelligently ,
reveals itself slowly ,
reveals an ironic manifestation of institutionalized slavery that ties a black-owned record label with a white-empowered police force .
reveals itself
Ballhaus
cultural and personal self-discovery and a picaresque view
cultural and personal self-discovery
cultural and personal self-discovery and
would have no problem giving it an unqualified recommendation
the tiny revelations of real life
-- in the title role --
-- in the title role -- helps make the film 's conclusion powerful and satisfying
-- but it makes for one of the most purely enjoyable and satisfying evenings at the movies I 've had in a while .
Fiction
-- from its ripe recipe , inspiring ingredients , certified
Adam Watstein with finishing it at all
Admirers of director Abel Ferrara may be relieved that his latest feature , R Xmas , marks a modest if encouraging return to form .
like a glossy rehash
like a good guy
the tiny events that could make a person who has lived her life half-asleep suddenly wake up and take notice
are beautiful
are as timely as tomorrow
are as subtle and as enigmatic
are appealing enough to probably have a good shot at a Hollywood career , if they want one
are at least interesting .
123
therapy ' I need from movie comedies -- offbeat humor , amusing characters , and a happy ending .
therapy ' I need from movie comedies -- offbeat humor , amusing characters , and a happy ending
leaks out of the movie ,
The beautiful , unusual music is this film 's chief draw ,
The beautiful , unusual music
The beautiful , unusual music is this film 's chief draw
The best thing about the movie is its personable , amusing cast .
barely makes it any less entertaining
barely realize your mind is being blown .
the Whale . Determined to be fun
too cool
has a sure hand .
, it offers flickering reminders of the ties that bind us
, it may just scare the pants off you .
, it manages to instruct without reeking of research library dust .
, it is worth searching out .
just the spice
just witnessed a great performance
keep both kids and parents entertained
keep it interesting
keep their hopes alive in 1975
keep this unusual comedy from choking on its own conceit
palatable presentation
parody .
his superb actors convey Martin 's deterioration and Barbara 's sadness -- and , occasionally
it 's sharply comic and surprisingly touching , so hold the gong
his supple understanding of the role
smell the grease on the plot
are having so much fun
surprising highs , sorrowful lows and hidden impulsive niches
are fine as well
are fine as well .
manages a neat trick , bundling the flowers of perversity , comedy and romance into a strangely tempting bouquet of a movie
are fantastic
are fantastic .
manages a neat trick , bundling the flowers of perversity , comedy and romance into a strangely tempting bouquet of a movie .
of the finest kind
manages never to grow boring ... which proves that Rohmer still has a sense of his audience .
manages never to grow boring ... which proves that Rohmer still has a sense of his audience
a pleasant distraction , a Friday night diversion
a pleasant distraction , a Friday night diversion ,
a pleasant distraction
a pleasant distraction ,
hugely enjoyable film
, Ivan is a prince of a fellow
concrete story
concludes with the crisp clarity of a fall dawn
concrete story and definitive answers
a basketball game for money
a basketball game
a basic , credible compassion
feeling this movie
therapeutic to laugh along with them
there 's no denying the talent of the creative forces behind it
there 's no denying the talent of the creative forces behind it .
the fine star performances
there 's no mistaking the filmmaker in the tall grass , true to himself .
gorgeous ,
is something that is so meditative and lyrical about Babak Payami 's boldly quirky Iranian drama Secret Ballot ... a charming and evoking little ditty that manages to show the gentle and humane side of Middle Eastern world politics
acclaim
is somewhat problematic
is spectacular
with its own solemn insights
real Americans
much accompanying sustenance
The umpteenth summer
exciting on the field and a story you
exciting and well-paced .
exciting and well-paced
the hallmarks
good one
This movie has a strong message about never giving up on a loved one
This movie has a strong message about never giving up on a loved one , but
This may be Dover Kosashvili 's feature directing debut , but it looks an awful lot like life -- gritty , awkward and ironic
good period reconstruction
reno 's immense wit and insight
renowned
greatly impressed by the skill of the actors involved in the enterprise
greatest hits
greatest play
its costars , Spader
its creator 's comic voice
its core
its cutesy reliance
its fine acting
real contenders
real conflict
the entrancing music of Philip Glass
the entrancing music
is courageous
is courageous , even if the result is wildly uneven
is courageous ,
is constantly
good sweat
the era 's creme
on world domination and destruction
on three short films and two features
's as morning-glory exuberant as she was in Amélie
from cowering poverty to courage and happiness
overall an overwhelmingly positive portrayal
captivating drama
overall mood and focus
we do n't avert our eyes for a moment .
the timeless source material
sly , intricate magic
sly humor
sly female empowerment movie
grownups should appreciate its whimsical humor
takes a classic story , casts attractive and talented actors and uses a magnificent landscape to create a feature film that is wickedly fun to watch
the film 's best trick is the way that it treats conspiracy as a kind of political blair witch , a monstrous murk that haunts us precisely because it can never be seen
taken seriously
Offers a clear-eyed chronicle of a female friendship that is more complex and honest than anything represented in a Hollywood film
takes a classic story
takes a classic story , casts attractive and talented actors and
takes a classic story , casts attractive and talented actors
the film 's best
Evokes the frustration , the awkwardness and the euphoria of growing up ,
Evokes the frustration , the awkwardness and the euphoria of growing up
Everything about The Quiet American is good , except its timing .
Evokes the frustration , the awkwardness and the euphoria of growing up , without relying on the usual tropes
Exactly what its title implies : lusty , boisterous and utterly charming
settled comfortably into her skin
settled comfortably
1950 live-action swashbuckling classic
Carrying
you wo n't feel cheated by the high infidelity of Unfaithful .
swooning elegance
swinging from the trees hooting it 's praises , but it 's definitely worth taking a look
swirling
see Crossroads
love the players it brings to the fore for the gifted but no-nonsense human beings they are and for the still-inestimable contribution they have made to our shared history
seduced .
depth and rigor
depressing but rewarding
the funniest movie of the year
Love is just too , too precious in the end .
a charming triumph where its intended under-12 audience is concerned
a cheerfully inconsequential diversion
a cheerfully inconsequential diversion .
a chemistry and comfort level
a chemistry and comfort level that 's both saucy and endearing
a chorus line
a clearer view
, this could be a passable date film
Stallion of the Cimarron is a winner .
stamina and vitality
to victims whose voices have never gained the ears of the world
'' Far From Heaven '' is a masterpiece .
solid female talent who build a seamless ensemble
solid storytelling .
'' MIB II '' succeeds due to its rapid-fire delivery and enough inspired levity that it ca n't be dismissed as mindless .
The cast is uniformly excellent and relaxed .
The best thing the film does is to show us not only what that mind looks like , but how the creative process itself operates .
The continued good chemistry between Carmen and Juni
The continued good chemistry
The comic performances are all spot on , especially Lee Ross 's turn as Ken .
The continued good chemistry between Carmen and Juni is what keeps this slightly disappointing sequel going , with enough amusing banter -- blessedly curse-free -- to keep both kids and parents entertained .
for originality . It does succeed by following a feel-good formula with a winning style , and by offering its target audience of urban kids
n't above a little broad comedy and a few unabashedly sentimental tears
superlative
superlative performances
supportive
supportive but unsentimental look
sure to please anyone in search of a Jules and Jim for the new millennium
girl-meets-girl romantic comedy
of the Italian masterpiece
advances
of the Ya-Ya Sisterhood
advancing this vision can hardly be underestimated
advantage
advances a daringly preposterous thesis
advancing
Sensual , funny and , in the end , very touching .
thrills and humor
thrills of early underground work
of the power of film
of the piece , the unerring professionalism of the chilly production , and the fascination embedded in the lurid topic
picture that illustrates an American tragedy
picking roles that magnify her outrageous charm
pays off and
pays off , as does its sensitive handling of some delicate subject matter .
pays off , as does its sensitive handling of some delicate subject matter
pays off ,
peaked about three years ago
peaked
pays off and is effective if you stick with it
occasionally satirical
Jaw-droppingly
the existential overtones of a Kieslowski morality tale
to satisfy the boom-bam crowd without a huge sacrifice of character and mood
to salute writer-director Haneke ( he adapted Elfriede Jelinek 's novel ) for making a film that is n't nearly as graphic but much more powerful , brutally shocking and difficult to watch
to rival Gosford Park 's
Watching this gentle , mesmerizing portrait of a man coming to terms with time , you barely realize your mind is being blown .
unusual comedy
unusual biopic and document
Farrell ... thankfully manages to outshine the role and successfully plays the foil to Willis 's world-weary colonel .
Fierce Grace
high romance , brought off with considerable wit
why we go to the cinema : to be fed through the eye , the heart , the mind
worshipful
A well-intentioned effort that 's still too burdened by the actor
runs around and
it memorable
it marks the outstanding feature debut of writer-director Eric Byler , who understands the power of the implicit and the virtues of simplicity and economy .
it more as a shocking history lesson
it largely makes up for as loosey-goosey , experimental entertainment . Still
it jumps through the expected hoops with style and even some depth .
it makes up for with its heart
this wonderful portrait of a conflicted soldier
who they were at our age ; and that time is a fleeting and precious commodity no matter how old you are
often exciting
offers winning performances and some effecting moments .
a rich and intelligent film that uses its pulpy core conceit to probe questions of attraction and interdependence and how the heart accomodates practical needs .
a rich and intelligent film that uses its pulpy core conceit to probe questions of attraction and interdependence and how the heart accomodates practical
a riot
often funny
seems fresh and vital
seems fresh and vital .
seems impossible that an epic four-hour Indian musical about a cricket game could be this good
seems interested in kicking around a raison d'etre that 's as fresh-faced as its young-guns cast
Much of the way , though , this is a refreshingly novel ride .
Much of the movie 's charm lies in the utter cuteness of Stuart and Margolo .
Much of it is funny , but there are also some startling , surrealistic moments ...
it 's a charming and often affecting journey
would seem to be surefire casting .
helps `` Moonlight Mile '' rise above its heart-on-its-sleeve writing .
helps `` Moonlight Mile '' rise above its heart-on-its-sleeve writing
helps `` Being Earnest '' overcome its weaknesses
help be entertained by the sight of someone getting away with something
no picture ever made has more literally showed that the road to hell is paved with good intentions .
no problem flaunting her natural gifts
It is about irrational , unexplainable life and it seems so real because it does not attempt to filter out the complexity
It is about irrational , unexplainable life and it seems so real because it does not attempt to filter out the complexity .
The film is bright and flashy in all the right ways .
The film is about the relationships rather than about the outcome . And it sees those relationships , including that between the son and his wife , and the wife and the father , and between the two brothers , with incredible subtlety and acumen
The film is a very good viewing alternative for young women .
The film is a hoot , and is just as good , if not better than much of what 's on Saturday morning TV especially the pseudo-educational stuff we all ca n't stand .
winning shot
wondrously creative
wondering why Lee 's character did n't just go to a bank manager and save everyone the misery
winning portrayal
the film retains ambiguities that make it well worth watching .
the film succeeds with its dark , delicate treatment of these characters and its unerring respect for them .
the film to affirm love 's power to help people endure almost unimaginable horror
the film unfolds with all the mounting tension of an expert thriller , until the tragedy beneath it all gradually reveals itself .
the film with their charisma
wise enough
, Love is just too , too precious in the end .
wise enough to recognize that there are few things in this world more complex -- and , as it turns out , more fragile -- than happiness
remarkable for its intelligence and intensity .
remarkable for its intelligence and intensity
remarkable
remembered long afterwards
it 's actually pretty good in the first few minutes
acceptable entertainment for the entire family and one
acceptable entertainment for the entire family and one that 's especially fit for the kiddies
perceptively filmed that you can almost taste the desiccated air
should see it as soon as possible
Uplifting ,
Uplifting , funny and wise .
Uplifting , funny and wise
should please history fans
to a satisfying complete picture of this particular , anciently demanding métier
should never forget
to a classy dinner soiree
is as respectful a film as byatt fans could hope for ,
is as respectful a film as byatt fans could hope for
is best
is better
is clearly well-meaning and sincere
tight , focused performance
timely and invaluable
are surprising in how much they engage and even touch us .
are terribly convincing
are struggling to give themselves a better lot in life than the ones
are strong , though the subject matter demands acting that borders on hammy at times
are strong , though the subject matter demands acting that borders on hammy at times .
are strong
As averse as I usually am to feel-good , follow-your-dream Hollywood fantasies , this one got to me .
As an entertainment destination for the general public
As action-adventure , this space-based homage to Robert Louis Stevenson 's Treasure Island fires on all plasma conduits .
As an actor 's showcase
Director Rob Marshall went out gunning to make a great one .
Director Benoit Jacquot
Director Benoit Jacquot , making his first opera-to-film translation with Tosca , conveys the heaving passion of Puccini 's famous love-jealousy - murder-suicide fandango with great cinematic innovation .
of rabbits . Brimful .
one enjoys seeing Joan grow from awkward young woman to strong , determined monarch
one enjoys a bad slasher
hugely enjoyable in its own right though not really faithful
hugely enjoyable in its own right though not really faithful to
huge-screen format to make an old-fashioned nature film that educates viewers with words and pictures while entertaining them
hugely enjoyable in its own right
hugely enjoyable in its own right though
hugely enjoyable in its own right though not really
huge-screen
show a remarkable ability to document both sides of this emotional car-wreck .
goes deeper than that ,
compels
compelling supporting characters
compelling storyline
compelling piece
compelling new material
Every so often a film comes along that is so insanely stupid , so awful in so many ways that watching it leaves you giddy . Half Past Dead is just such an achievement .
It does n't reach them , but the effort is gratefully received
( like Saturday morning TV in the '60s )
passable enough for a shoot-out in the o . k . court house of life type of flick .
exciting scenes
recommending it
veritable
the book 's irreverent energy
the brain
the fun
of enjoying this film
of dramatic enlightenment
of dramatic interest
of dynamite
I ca n't wait to see what the director does next
cinematic alchemy
cinematic gymnast
The redeeming feature of Chan 's films
The redeeming feature
The redeeming feature of Chan 's films has always been the action ,
The redeeming feature of Chan 's films has always been the action
so solidly connect with one demographic while
so special
so stunning
could relish
could work , especially since the actresses in the lead roles are all more than competent
Leoni
a meaty plot
Leigh for actually casting people who look working-class
Leigh 's film is full of memorable performances from top to bottom .
Leon
most haunting
most honest films
most honest
most forceful non-Shakespeare screen performance
a sincerely crafted picture that deserves to emerge from the traffic jam of holiday movies
a summertime look-see
look as good or better than in the original ,
look as good or better than in the original , while the Oscar-winning sound and James Horner 's rousing score make good use of the hefty audio system .
allowing us to remember that life 's ultimately a gamble and last orders are to be embraced
of a couple 's moral ascension
of a character who , in spite of tragic loss and increasing decrepitude , knows in his bones that he is one of the luckiest men alive
of a certain ambition
of a filmmaker who has secrets buried at the heart of his story and knows how to take time revealing them . Strange occurrences
What ( Frei ) gives us ... is a man who uses the damage of war -- far more often than the warfare itself -- to create the kind of art shots that fill gallery shows .
crisp and
reliable textbook
crisp and purposeful
crisp and purposeful without overdoing it
An )
An amazing and incendiary movie that
An amazing and incendiary movie
Americans
An amazing and incendiary movie that dives straight into the rough waters of contradiction .
, solid , kinetically-charged
I believe Silberling had the best intentions here
I become very involved in the proceedings ; to me
, sobering , heart-felt drama
sad , superior human comedy
safe
precise and
back to a time when movies had more to do with imagination than market research .
perfectly clear
perfectly competent
perfectly captures the wonders and worries of childhood
perfectly acceptable , perfectly bland ,
perfectly acceptable ,
perfectly competent and
perfectly competent and often imaginative
back with the astonishing revelation
witty , trenchant ,
A strong script ,
the earnestness of its execution and skill of its cast
the edge of your seat , tense with suspense
the emotion or timelessness of Disney 's great past , or even that of more recent successes such as `` Mulan '' or `` Tarzan
is a welcome lack of pretension about the film , which very simply sets out to entertain and ends up delivering in good measure
is a welcome and heartwarming addition to the romantic comedy genre .
very happy
is a warm and well-told tale of one recent Chinese immigrant 's experiences in New York City
is a visually stunning rumination on love , memory , history and the war between art and commerce .
is a visually stunning rumination on love , memory , history and the war between art and commerce
is a very silly movie
is a welcome and heartwarming addition to the romantic comedy genre
is a wartime farce in the alternately comic and gut-wrenching style of Joseph Heller or Kurt Vonnegut .
is a wartime farce in the alternately comic and gut-wrenching style of Joseph Heller or Kurt Vonnegut
is a warm and well-told tale of one recent Chinese immigrant 's experiences in New York City .
dominates
some delightful work
some delightful work on indie projects
dilutes the potency of otherwise respectable action . Still , this flick is fun , and
deserves any prizes
despite the long running time , the pace never feels slack -- there 's no scene that screams '' bathroom break !
despite the long running time , the pace never feels slack -- there 's no scene that screams '' bathroom break
done the nearly impossible . He has improved upon the first and taken it a step further , richer and deeper .
's no surprise that as a director Washington demands and receives excellent performances ,
has made a film that is an undeniably worthy and devastating experience
has its moments of swaggering camaraderie
has its moments of swaggering camaraderie ,
has its heart
has its heart in the right place
's no surprise that as a director Washington demands and receives excellent performances , from himself and from newcomer Derek Luke .
The casting of Raymond J. Barry as the ` assassin ' greatly enhances the quality of Neil Burger 's impressive fake documentary .
The cast is spot on and
The cast is spot on and the mood is laid back .
The cast is spot on and the mood is laid back
As if to prove a female director can make a movie with no soft edges , Kathryn Bigelow offers no sugar-coating or interludes of lightness .
who enjoys quirky , fun , popcorn movies with a touch of silliness and a little
who can deftly change moods
you can still feel director Denis Villeneuve 's beating heart and the fondness he has for his characters .
you ca n't help but warmly extend your arms and yell ` Safe ! '
a stable-full of solid performances
who feels acting is the heart and soul of cinema
cute alien creature
cute alien
The values that have held the Enterprise crew together through previous adventures and perils do so again-courage , self-sacrifice and patience under pressure .
without relying on technology-of-the-moment technique or pretentious dialogue
touching
Sexy and romantic
Sexy and romantic .
Sexy and
Several of Steven Soderbergh 's earlier films were hailed as the works of an artist .
s two personas interesting or worth caring about .
Inventive
albeit a visually compelling one
albeit a visually compelling one ,
Romijn-Stamos
in an increasingly important film industry and
in all its strange quirks
in all the right ways
in an increasingly important film industry and worth the look
in an independent film of satiric fire and emotional turmoil
in no time at all
and greatly moving
extraordinarily good
and good-natured spunk
and grasped its essence , composing a sorrowful and hilarious tone poem about alienated labor , or an absurdist workplace sitcom
and free of the usual thriller nonsense that it all seems to be happening for the first time
a nice little picture , made by bright and friendly souls with a lot of good cheer
exuberance
of tangy new humor
of the band
Schütte 's dramatic snapshot of the artist three days before his death offers an interesting bit of speculation as to the issues Brecht faced as his life drew to a close .
Schütte 's dramatic snapshot
Scotland , PA would be forgettable if it were n't such a clever adaptation of the bard 's tragic play .
That is De Niro 's best film since Meet the Parents
be mesmerised
do much to enhance the franchise
bad it starts to become good .
the premise of a good story
an attention to detail
trumps
trumped-up street credibility
an attention to detail that propels her into the upper echelons of the directing world
and charming
and charm to spare
and character-driven
and brilliantly personified by Michel Piccoli
enjoyable Undercover Brother
enjoyable choice
enjoy a couple of great actors hamming it up
enjoy for a lifetime
enjoy its own transparency
little truffle
enjoy much of Jonah simply , and gratefully , as laugh-out-loud lunacy with a pronounced Monty Pythonesque flavor
enjoy on a certain level
enjoy this sometimes wry adaptation of V . S . Naipaul 's novel
form a gritty urban mosaic
embodies the transformation of his character
touch
the film makes up for it with a pleasing verisimilitude .
form that can comfortably sit among Jean-Luc Godard 's finest work
her subject matter
the film manages to keep you at the edge of your seat with its shape-shifting perils , political intrigue and brushes with calamity .
her vibrant ` co-stars
the film never feels derivative
fosters moments of spontaneous intimacy
embellishment
come along for an integral part of the ride
howard 's appreciation of brown and his writing
howard 's appreciation of brown and his writing is clearly well-meaning and sincere
, hopeful and always fun
human resources was a good , straightforward tale
human resources was a good , straightforward tale ,
to the courage of New York 's finest and a nicely understated expression of the grief
to the background -- a welcome step
exquisite trappings
to the best parts of Birthday Girl
to the best European directors
to the brim with ideas
a decent ` intro ' documentary
extensive post-production
should definitely get top billing . Robert John Burke as The Monster horns in and
a dashing and resourceful hero ; a lisping , reptilian villain ; big fights ; big hair ; lavish period scenery ; and
a dashing and resourceful hero ; a lisping , reptilian villain ; big fights ; big hair ; lavish period scenery ; and a story
convincing way
coordinated
cool , composed delivery
made with affection and care
belongs to Nicholson . Gone are the flamboyant mannerisms that are the trademark of several of his performances . As Schmidt , Nicholson walks with a slow , deliberate gait , chooses his words carefully and subdues his natural exuberance .
made the other three great , scary times at the movies
a deeply humanistic artist
made a rather sturdy , old-fashioned entertainment out of it
serves as the antidote ( and cannier doppelganger ) to Diesel 's XXX flex-a-thon
a divine monument
a divine monument to a single man 's struggle to regain his life , his dignity and his music
serves as a workable primer for the region 's recent history , and would make a terrific 10th-grade learning tool
serves as a workable primer for the region 's recent history , and would make a terrific 10th-grade learning tool .
all its agonizing , Catch-22 glory
to make it memorable
are worth the price of admission ...
argue that any sexual relationship that does n't hurt anyone and works for its participants is a relationship that is worthy of our respect
arising that the movie will live up to the apparent skills of its makers and the talents of its actors
comes into its own
a real winner ,
promising ''
De Niro digs deep emotionally , perhaps because he 's been stirred by the powerful work of his co-stars .
De Oliveira creates an emotionally rich , poetically plump and visually fulsome , but never showy , film whose bittersweet themes are reinforced and brilliantly personified by Michel Piccoli .
Dazzles with its fully-written characters , its determined stylishness ( which always relates to characters and story ) and Johnny Dankworth 's best soundtrack in years .
Dazzling
Dazzling and sugar-sweet
Dazzling and sugar-sweet , a blast of shallow magnificence that only sex , scandal , and a chorus line of dangerous damsels can deliver .
musical numbers
Shot largely in small rooms , the film has a gentle , unforced intimacy that never becomes claustrophobic .
, heartbeat-like
period-perfect
amusements
amusement
amusing , tender and heart-wrenching
amused and entertained by the unfolding of Bielinsky 's cleverly constructed scenario , and
amused and entertained by the unfolding of Bielinsky 's cleverly constructed scenario ,
amused indictment
amused and entertained by the unfolding of Bielinsky 's cleverly constructed scenario , and greatly impressed by the skill of the actors involved in the enterprise
amusing juxtapositions
music videos
worth cheering as a breakthrough
's a fine , focused piece of work that reopens an interesting controversy and never succumbs to sensationalism .
's a fine , old-fashioned-movie movie , which is to say it 's unburdened by pretensions to great artistic significance
eloquence , spiritual challenge
a light ( yet unsentimental ) touch
a lifetime
a light , yet engrossing piece . Lux , now in her eighties ,
a light , yet engrossing piece . Lux , now in her eighties
eludes Madonna and , playing a charmless witch
Marshall puts a suspenseful spin on standard horror flick formula .
Marshall keeps the energy humming , and his edits , unlike those in Moulin Rouge , are crisp and purposeful without overdoing it .
Marshall keeps the energy humming , and his edits , unlike those in Moulin Rouge , are crisp and purposeful without overdoing it
Martha will leave you with a smile on your face and a grumble in your stomach .
Martha enormously endearing
Strange , funny , twisted , brilliant and macabre .
, having created an unusually vivid set of characters worthy of its strong cast ,
to end on a positive ( if tragic ) note
to engross even the most antsy youngsters
to enjoy the perfectly pitched web of tension that Chabrol spins
Strange , funny , twisted , brilliant and macabre
shorter than the first ( as best I remember ) , but still a very good time at the cinema
wrote a script that no human screenwriter could have hoped to match .
Schneider 's performance is so fine
If you 're burnt out on It 's a Wonderful Life marathons and bored with A Christmas Carol , it might just be the movie you 're looking for .
respect and affection
respect to just one of those underrated professionals who deserve but rarely receive it
Schiffer
's definitely a step in the right direction
's definitely a step in the right direction .
the screen to attract and sustain an older crowd
a moving tragedy with some buoyant human moments
a much larger historical context
a movie the kids will want to see over and over again
a movie with a bigger , fatter heart
in the best Irish sense
in the Picture ''
will find the new scenes interesting
followed through on her defiance of the saccharine
will get a kick out of spotting Cleveland sites
'm sure if you 're a Hartley fan , you might enjoy yourself
unlimited access
will grip even viewers who are n't interested in rap , as it cuts to the heart of American society in an unnerving way
the talented cast alone will keep you watching
very well
can put gentle laughs and equally gentle sentiments on the button , just as easily as their counterparts anywhere else in the world
will grip even viewers who are n't interested in rap , as it cuts to the heart of American society in an unnerving way .
follows its standard formula in this animated adventure
has something significant to say
's a visual delight and a decent popcorn adventure
you can get past the fantastical aspects and harsh realities of `` The Isle ''
and gentle
will have a Barrie good time
and generally displaying the wacky talent that brought him fame in the first place
is a story that zings all the way through with originality , humour and pathos .
is a somber trip worth taking .
is a sort of geriatric Dirty Harry , which will please Eastwood 's loyal fans -- and suits the story , wherein our hero must ride roughshod over incompetent cops to get his man
is a story that zings all the way through with originality , humour and pathos
is a sobering meditation on why we take pictures
is a sobering meditation on why we take pictures .
is a solid action pic that returns the martial arts master to top form
is a somber trip worth taking
be left with the sensation of having just witnessed a great performance and , perhaps ,
be in the decades
be left with the sensation of having just witnessed a great performance and
be a kid again , or
be a cut above the norm ,
be original ,
The stars may be college kids , but the subject matter is as adult as you can get : the temptations of the flesh are unleashed by a slightly crazed , overtly determined young woman and a one-night swim turns into an ocean of trouble
music you may not have heard before
music and laughter
music fans
cold-hearted snake Petrovich ( that would be Reno ) gets his comeuppance
than spectacular , E . T . is carried less by wow factors than by its funny , moving yarn that holds up well after two decades
The story 's scope and pageantry are mesmerizing ,
The story 's scope and pageantry are mesmerizing
likely to seduce and conquer
likely to please audiences who like movies that demand four hankies
likes of which mainstream audiences have rarely seen
likely to see all year
liked it
likeable thanks to its cast , its cuisine and its quirky tunes .
liked it because it was so endlessly , grotesquely , inventive .
liked it because it was so endlessly , grotesquely , inventive
liking the film
Coral Reef Adventure is a heavyweight film that fights a good fight on behalf of the world 's endangered reefs
Conversations About One Thing '' is an intelligent flick that examines many different ideas from happiness to guilt in an intriguing bit of storytelling .
Coppola , along with his sister , Sofia , is a real filmmaker . It must be in the genes
having created an unusually vivid set of characters worthy of its strong cast ,
in chilling style
in by the sympathetic characters
in clarity
The otherwise good-naturedness of Mr . Deeds , with its embrace of sheer goofiness and cameos
expressively performed
The one-liners are snappy , the situations volatile and the comic opportunities richly rewarded .
The otherwise good-naturedness of Mr . Deeds
expressive power
expressionistic license
you can do no wrong with Jason X.
can trust
pushed to their most virtuous limits ,
pushed to their most virtuous limits , lending the narrative an unusually surreal tone
put a human face on the travail of thousands of Vietnamese
' shows he 's on his way
if it were n't such a clever adaptation of the bard 's tragic play
if it does n't also keep us riveted to our seats
Whether or not you buy Mr. Broomfield 's findings , the film acquires an undeniable entertainment value as the slight , pale Mr. Broomfield continues to force himself on people and into situations that would make lesser men run for cover .
like it was worth your seven bucks
feels like very light Errol Morris
die for
a fascinating curiosity piece -- fascinating ,
a fascinating curiosity piece --
a fascinating curiosity piece -- fascinating
a fast-moving and cheerfully simplistic
a fascinating subject matter
a fast-moving and cheerfully simplistic 88 minutes of exaggerated action
a feature-length film
as it is hard to resist
as it does thanks in large measure to Anspaugh 's three lead actresses
wryly
illustrated by a winning family story .
directs , ideally
directs , ideally capturing the opera 's drama and lyricism
directors Dean Deblois and Chris Sanders valiantly keep punching up the mix .
illustrated by a winning family story
quietly moving moments and an intelligent subtlety
quietly moving
is cool . Paul Bettany playing Malcolm McDowell ? Cool .
is definitely worth
is definitely worth seeing .
is definitely worth seeing
A sharp satire
of its kind since ` Brazil . ' Lucas , take notes . This
of it as a sort of comfort food for the mind
A sexy , surprising romance
A sexy , surprising romance ...
A sharp and quick documentary
A sharp and quick documentary that is funny and pithy , while illuminating an era of theatrical comedy that , while past ,
A sexy , surprising romance ... Idemoto and Kim make a gorgeous pair ... their scenes brim with sexual possibility and emotional danger
A sexy , surprising romance ... Idemoto and Kim make a gorgeous pair ... their scenes brim with sexual possibility and emotional danger .
to spare wildlife
to see them , finally , as artists
to rival to live , but a fine little amuse-bouche to keep your appetite
the star-making machinery of tinseltown
the star-making machinery
the startling intimacy
turns out to be ( Assayas ' ) homage to the Gallic ` tradition of quality , ' in all its fusty squareness
escape the heart of the boy when the right movie comes along , especially if it begins with the name of Star Wars
the Italian masterpiece
One ca n't deny its seriousness and quality .
On its own staggeringly unoriginal terms , this gender-bending comedy is generally quite funny .
One Hour Photo is a sobering meditation on why we take pictures .
Once folks started hanging out at the barbershop , they never wanted to leave . Chances are you wo n't , either .
comes far closer than many movies to expressing the way many of us live -- someplace between consuming self-absorption and insistently demanding otherness .
, it 's also a -- dare I say it twice -- delightfully charming -- and totally American , I might add -- slice of comedic bliss .
, it 's as good as you remember . In fact , even better .
, it 's a pretty good execution of a story that 's a lot richer than the ones Hollywood action screenwriters usually come up with on their own .
, it 's almost impossible not to be swept away by the sheer beauty of his images .
, it 's a very entertaining , thought-provoking film with a simple message
, it 's goofy ( if not entirely wholesome ) fun
It 's dark but has wonderfully funny moments ; you care about the characters ; and
It 's dark but has wonderfully funny moments ; you care about the characters ; and the action and special effects are first-rate
It 's dark but has wonderfully funny moments ; you care about the characters ; and the action and special effects are first-rate .
It 's definitely a step in the right direction .
like going to a house party and watching the host defend himself against a frothing ex-girlfriend . You do n't want to call the cops .
are n't too many films that can be as simultaneously funny , offbeat and heartwarming ( without a thick shmear of the goo , at least )
The filmmakers know how to please the eye , but it is not always the prettiest pictures that tell the best story
The filmmakers know how to please the eye , but it is not always the prettiest pictures that tell the best story .
, easily one of the best films of the year
, earnest , intimate film
in balletic explosion that implies an underlying order throughout the chaos
in beautifully articulated portrayals
is a trove of delights .
is long on
Digital
as an all-American girl
to make it a great movie
to love The Piano Teacher
surrounds him with interesting characters
surrounds him with interesting characters and sends us out of the theater feeling
surrounds himself with a cast of quirky -- but not stereotyped -- street characters
surviving footage of Burstein and his family performing , historical archives , and telling stills
surviving footage of Burstein and his family performing , historical archives , and telling stills .
its beautiful women
its attractive young leads
created a substantive movie out
rewarded
Both lead performances are Oscar-size .
As social exposé , Skins has its heart in the right place ,
As social exposé , Skins has its heart in the right place
Bravado Kathy !
just have to love the big , dumb , happy movie My Big Fat Greek Wedding
stock redneck
For Benigni it was n't Shakespeare whom he wanted to define his career with but Pinocchio .
For Leonard
keep things moving along at a brisk , amusing pace
For VeggieTales fans , this is more appetizing than a side dish of asparagus .
into the life of Wladyslaw Szpilman , who is not only a pianist , but a good human being
neighborhood
needs the subtitles to enjoy this colorful action farce
Leigh 's depth and rigor , and his skill at inspiring accomplished portrayals that are all the more impressive for their lack of showiness ,
Leigh 's depth and rigor , and
Leigh 's depth and rigor ,
. E aqueles que decidiram
. Better
twice about what might be going on inside each trailer park you drive past -- even if it chiefly inspires you to drive a little faster
the four primary actors
visually striking and slickly staged
the flowering of the South Korean cinema
Parents may even find that it goes by quickly , because it has some of the funniest jokes of any movie this year , including those intended for adults .
visually compelling
visually compelling one
kicking off the intrigue and suspense and mystery of the whole thing
with conspicuous success
with bracing intelligence and a vision both painterly and literary
with brutal honesty and respect for its audience
who artfully bends technical know-how to the service of psychological insight
with considerable wit
the first order
like a surge through swirling rapids or a leap from pinnacle
like a surge through swirling rapids or a leap from pinnacle to pinnacle
marks him as one of the most interesting writer\/directors working today .
deserves to emerge from the traffic jam of holiday movies
a sports movie with action that 's exciting on the field and a story you
masterfully controlled
a soothing formula of brotherly conflict and reconciliation
a spark of its own
a splash
seems confident enough to handle subtlety
utterly diabolical as this
commands the screen
Claude Chabrol 's camera has a way of gently swaying back and forth as it cradles its characters , veiling tension beneath otherwise tender movements .
's no question that Epps scores once or twice
's a hoot and a half , and a great way for the American people to see what a candidate is like when he 's not giving the same 15-cent stump speech
's a hoot and a half , and a great way for the American people to see what a candidate is like when he 's not giving the same 15-cent stump speech .
's a British flick gleefully unconcerned with plausibility , yet just as determined to entertain you .
's a compelling story , mainly because of the way it 's told by the people who were there
's a far more thoughtful film than any slice of Hugh Grant whimsy .
lays out a narrative puzzle that interweaves individual stories
lazy but enjoyable
with terrific computer graphics , inventive action sequences and a droll sense of humor
with strong themes of familial ties and spirituality that are powerful and moving without stooping to base melodrama
with stunning architecture
with strange and wonderful creatures
with such exuberance and passion
with style and empathy
have put together a bold biographical fantasia
have put together a bold biographical fantasia .
have rarely seen
have received such a sophisticated and unsentimental treatment on the big screen as they do in this marvelous film
have received such a sophisticated and unsentimental treatment on the big screen as they do in this marvelous film .
have recharged him
have reinvigorated the romance genre
in amazement over the fact
York intelligentsia
toe-tapping music to paint a picture of a subculture that is at once exhilarating , silly , perverse , hopeful and always fun
Topics that could make a sailor blush - but lots of laughs
Tony Gayton 's script does n't give us anything we have n't seen before , but director D . J . Caruso 's grimy visual veneer and Kilmer 's absorbing performance increase the gravitational pull considerably .
has a rather unique approach to documentary .
has a rather unique approach to documentary
has a way of gently swaying back and forth as it cradles its characters , veiling tension beneath otherwise tender movements
has a true cinematic knack
has a whip-smart sense of narrative bluffs
has a way of gently swaying back and forth as it cradles its characters , veiling tension beneath otherwise tender movements .
to watch because Sandler , liberated from the constraints of formula , reveals unexpected depths as an actor
to weigh any arguments one way or the other . He simply presents his point of view that Ayurveda works .
who ca n't stop loving anime
to wonder about big questions with sincerity and devotion
toe-tapping
suicide attempts and tragic deaths . Marisa Tomei is good
that comes from a renowned indian film culture that allows americans to finally revel in its splendor
that encompasses many more paths than we started with
that explores the monster 's psychology not in order to excuse him but rather to demonstrate that his pathology evolved from human impulses that grew hideously twisted
that extra
his funniest moment comes when he falls about ten feet onto his head
his genre and his character construct is a wonderous accomplishment of veracity and narrative grace
transcend genre
Very psychoanalytical -- provocatively so -- and
Very psychoanalytical -- provocatively so -- and also refreshingly literary
the light , comic side
Bray excels
meaningful historical context
meaningful for both kids and church-wary adults
strike closest to the truth
strange , stark beauty
strangely soulful movie
strength , warmth and vitality
deals with its subject matter in a tasteful , intelligent manner , rather than forcing us to endure every plot contrivance that the cliché-riddled genre can offer .
`` B +
It 's a decent glimpse into a time period , and an outcast , that is no longer accessible , but it does n't necessarily shed more light on its subject than the popular predecessor .
is a touching reflection on aging , suffering and the prospect of death
it acknowledges and celebrates their cheesiness as the reason why people get a kick out of watching them today
it acknowledges and celebrates their cheesiness as the reason why people get a kick out of watching them today .
it does with a dedicated and good-hearted professionalism
it finds a new way to surprise and amuse .
it finds humor in the foibles of human behavior
it finds humor in the foibles of human behavior ,
suspenseful enough for older kids but not
suspenseful enough for older kids but
sustains a higher plateau with Bullock 's memorable first interrogation of Gosling
sustains a higher plateau
sustain its initial promise with a jarring , new-agey tone creeping into the second half
deals with its subject matter in a tasteful , intelligent manner , rather than forcing us to endure every plot contrivance that the cliché-riddled genre can offer
exactly endearing
evolves into a gorgeously atmospheric meditation on life-changing chance encounters
The fun of the movie
The fluid motion is astounding on any number of levels
The fluid motion is astounding on any number of levels -- including the physical demands made on Büttner -- and
The fluid motion is astounding on any number of levels -- including the physical demands made on Büttner -- and it implies in its wake the intractable , irreversible flow of history .
The fluid motion is astounding on any number of levels -- including the physical demands made on Büttner -- and it implies in its wake the intractable , irreversible flow of history
made at least one damn fine horror movie
made audiences on both sides of the Atlantic love him
notably better acted -- and far less crass -
notably better acted
made fresh by an intelligent screenplay and gripping performances
observant cleverness , too-facile coincidence
observant cleverness ,
observant cleverness
to the max
an overcooked soufflé
the movie 's strengths at almost every juncture
hilarity
highly successful
his ` angels of light
well-thought stunts
well-thought stunts or
'll feel too happy to argue much
'll keep watching the skies for his next project
'll end up moved
'll be white-knuckled and unable to look away .
'll cheer . Otherwise , maybe .
seeing a series of perfect black pearls clicking together to form a string
seeking an existent anti-virus
seeks to re-create the excitement of such '50s flicks as Jules Verne 's ' 20,000 Leagues Under the Sea ' and the George Pal version of H.G. Wells ' ` The Time Machine .
distinct rarity
distinct parallels between this story and the 1971 musical '' Bedknobs and Broomsticks , '' which also dealt with British children rediscovering the power of fantasy during wartime
Byler reveals the ways in which a sultry evening or a beer-fueled afternoon in the sun can inspire even the most retiring heart to venture forth .
Byler is too savvy a filmmaker to let this morph into a typical romantic triangle . Instead
By turns gripping , amusing , tender and heart-wrenching
By turns gripping , amusing , tender and heart-wrenching , Laissez-passer has all the earmarks of French cinema at its best .
By turns very dark and very funny
By turns very dark and very funny .
Apart from dazzling cinematography
a potent metaphor for a country still dealing with its fascist past
While The Last Metro ) was more melodramatic , confined to a single theater company and its strategies and deceptions , while Tavernier is more concerned with the entire period of history .
the actors make this worth a peek
While Tattoo borrows heavily from both Seven and The Silence of the Lambs , it manages to maintain both a level of sophisticated intrigue and human-scale characters that suck the audience in .
the affable Maid
the affable Maid in Manhattan , Jennifer Lopez 's most aggressive and most sincere attempt
the first Men in Black was money
While dutifully pulling on heartstrings , directors Dean Deblois and Chris Sanders valiantly keep punching up the mix .
, it 's waltzed itself into the art film pantheon .
as its larger themes
Believability
Belushi 's easy-going likableness
Singer\/composer Bryan Adams contributes a slew of songs -- a few potential hits , a few more simply intrusive to the story -- but the whole package certainly captures the intended , er , spirit of the piece .
Singer\/composer Bryan Adams contributes a slew of songs -- a few potential hits , a few more simply intrusive to the story -- but the whole package certainly captures the intended , er , spirit of the piece
's only because we would expect nothing less from this bunch .
as simultaneously funny , offbeat and heartwarming
as simultaneously funny , offbeat and
as the main character suggests , ` what if
as the slight , pale Mr. Broomfield continues to force himself on people and into situations that would make lesser men run for cover
just enough twists in the tale to make it far more satisfying than almost any horror film in recent memory
you 're an Elvis person
to have decades of life as a classic movie franchise
from being the funniest movie of the year
from a less manic tone than its predecessor , as Cho appears to have settled comfortably into her skin
from a gifted director who definitely has something on his mind
you enjoy more because you 're one of the lucky few who sought it out
its creative mettle
its crack cast
its contrivances
definitive explanation
its charms
its charm
self-actualization
are moments of hilarity to be had .
are moments of hilarity to be had
Escapism in its purest form .
are masterfully controlled .
are made of little moments .
Escapism in its purest form
Es divertida , visualmente espectacular y muy entretenida
Death to Smoochy keeps firing until the bitter end .
Debut effort by `` Project Greenlight '' winner
is essentially a ''
is entirely appealing as Pumpkin
Critics need a good laugh , too ,
is enriched by an imaginatively mixed cast of antic spirits , headed by Christopher Plummer as the subtlest and most complexly evil Uncle Ralph I 've ever seen in the many film and stage adaptations of the work .
is enriched by an imaginatively mixed cast of antic spirits , headed by Christopher Plummer as the subtlest and most complexly evil Uncle Ralph I 've ever seen in the many film and stage adaptations of the work
is enormously good fun
earthly
willingness to explore its principal characters with honesty , insight and humor
win many fans
atmospheric weirdness
pass for a litmus test of the generation gap and not bad enough to repulse any generation of its fans
close to real life
clever
With an unflappable air of decadent urbanity , Everett remains a perfect Wildean actor , and a relaxed Firth displays impeccable comic skill .
With exquisite craftsmanship
With amazing finesse , the film shadows Heidi 's trip back to Vietnam and the city where her mother , Mai Thi Kim , still lives .
With an expressive face reminiscent of Gong Li and a vivid personality like Zhang Ziyi 's
With an expressive face reminiscent of Gong Li and a vivid personality like Zhang Ziyi 's , Dong stakes out the emotional heart of Happy .
With an unflappable air of decadent urbanity
With exquisite craftsmanship ... Olivier Assayas has fashioned an absorbing look at provincial bourgeois French society .
With few respites
closer in quality
perfectly acceptable , occasionally very enjoyable children 's entertainment
performer '' funny
performances , great to look at , and funny
perfect family film to take everyone to since there 's no new `` A Christmas Carol '' out in the theaters this year
perfectly acceptable , occasionally very enjoyable children 's
perfectly acceptable , occasionally very enjoyable
Chan 's action sequences
Certainly beautiful
it 's rare to find a film that dazzles the eye , challenges the brain , and satisfies our lust for fast-paced action , but minority report delivers all that and a whole lot more
of humankind 's liberating ability
his most forceful non-Shakespeare screen performance
many talented people
ultimately , the film
have much emotional impact on the characters
of telling a fascinating character 's story
of technical skill and rare depth
forgot
being able to tear their eyes away from the screen
being Wasabi 's big selling point
being a true adaptation of her book
being able to give full performances
entertainment and
epic landscapes and
epic way ,
entertaining for what it does , and
entertaining period drama ...
entertaining with its unconventionally wacky but
essential feature --
, funny and good-natured
, deeply felt and masterfully stylized ,
, darkly funny dance
, enrapturing
, engrossing and psychologically resonant
have managed to pack it with enough action to satisfy the boom-bam crowd without a huge sacrifice of character and mood
have n't laughed that hard in years
have much panache , but with material this rich it does n't need it
have made the old boy 's characters more quick-witted than any English Lit
have n't seen the film lately , you may be surprised at the variety of tones in Spielberg 's work .
funny and weird meditation
funny and weird
funny . And for all the
funny . And educational
funny . It wears its heart on the sleeve of its gaudy Hawaiian shirt
funny and sad
funny and fun
of establishing a time and place , and of telling a fascinating character 's story
Caruso sometimes descends into sub-Tarantino cuteness ... but for the most part he makes sure The Salton Sea works the way a good noir should , keeping it tight and nasty
of everyday sex-in-the-city misadventures
of epic adventure
so unabashedly hopeful that it actually makes the heart soar
of extravagant
solid , kinetically-charged spy flick worthy
a wry understanding of the quirks of fame . His healthy sense of satire is light and fun
a worthwhile addition
a work of incendiary genius ,
a work of incendiary genius
a work of enthralling drama
a worthy entry in the French coming-of-age genre
a worthy entry
a worthwhile addition to a distinguished film legacy
this year is a franchise sequel starring Wesley Snipes
honored as best it can
has created a wry , winning , if languidly paced , meditation on the meaning and value of family
has created a wry , winning , if languidly paced , meditation on the meaning and value of family .
has created a film that one can honestly describe as looking , sounding and simply feeling like no other film in recent history
has created a film that one can honestly describe as looking , sounding and simply feeling like no other film in recent history .
has created a brilliant motion picture
has created a brilliant motion picture .
has deftly trimmed Dickens ' wonderfully sprawling soap opera , the better to focus on the hero 's odyssey from cowering poverty to courage and happiness .
this a superior movie
its stellar cast
its star power
the French to truly capture the terrifying angst of the modern working man without turning the film into a cheap thriller , a dumb comedy or a sappy melodrama
Spy was an amusing lark that will probably rank as one of Murphy 's better performances in one of his lesser-praised movies .
something hip
something hip and transgressive
something impressive and yet lacking about everything
a meaty plot and
a meaty plot and well-developed characters
deal funnier
dead-on in Election
that acting transfigures Esther
an unnatural calm that 's occasionally shaken by
at once both refreshingly different and
more fascinating acts
for its straight-ahead approach
is nature against progress . In Fessenden 's horror trilogy , this theme has proved important to him and is especially so in the finale .
is nature against progress . In Fessenden 's horror trilogy , this theme has proved important to him and is especially so in the finale
is paved with good intentions
is often filled with a sense of pure wonderment and excitement not often seen in today 's cinema du sarcasm
is like being buried in a new environment .
is n't all that bad
is simply the most fun you 'll ever have with a documentary
is riveting
Elizabeth Hurley 's
, which transcends ethnic boundaries
Longley 's film
Looks
fascinated by Behan but leave everyone else yawning with admiration .
the universal themes , earnest performances
graceful , contemplative film
nolan bravely treads where few american films dare to delve -- into the world of ambivalence and ambiguity ...
noble
that rare animal known as ' a perfect family film
grace in an imperfect world
some unexpected zigs and zags help
some solid performances and witty dialogue
( '' Safe Conduct '' ) is a long movie at 163 minutes but it fills the time with drama , romance , tragedy , bravery , political intrigue , partisans and sabotage . Viva le Resistance
( '' Safe Conduct '' ) is a long movie at 163 minutes but it fills the time with drama , romance , tragedy , bravery , political intrigue , partisans and sabotage . Viva le Resistance !
The film 's unhurried pace is actually one of its strengths . Entirely appropriately , the tale unfolds like a lazy summer afternoon and concludes with the crisp clarity of a fall dawn .
titillating material
wildlife
why ? who knows , but it works under the direction of kevin reynolds
whose lessons are well worth
a film far superior to its predecessor . A movie that successfully crushes a best selling novel into a timeframe that mandates that you avoid the Godzilla sized soda
a film , while at the same time being a most touching reconsideration of the familiar masterpiece
a film as Byatt fans could hope for
a few laughs
a few laughs while the little ones get a fuzzy treat
unusual homes
unusually crafty and intelligent
, this is the same movie you probably loved in 1994 , except that it looks even better .
unusual , thoughtful
unusual , thoughtful bio-drama
, this nervy oddity , like modern art should .
as hip , young adult entertainment
unusually crafty and intelligent for Hollywood horror
gives the film its bittersweet bite
cannibal lust above the ordinary
gives one of his most daring , and complicated , performances
gives it new texture , new relevance , new reality
tits
, threatening and unforgettable
gives it a buoyant delivery
Before it takes a sudden turn and devolves into a bizarre sort of romantic comedy , Steven Shainberg 's adaptation of Mary Gaitskill 's harrowing short story ... is a brilliantly played , deeply unsettling experience .
worthy environmentalism
worthy EMI recording
its lavish grandeur
a consistent tone
-- Conrad L . Hall 's cinematography will likely be nominated for an Oscar next year --
- good camp
strong , credible performances
strong performance
from their record label , proving that one man 's ruin may be another 's fortune
deadpan cool , wry humor and just the measure
deadpan cool , wry humor and
capture these musicians in full regalia
strikes a rewarding balance between emotion on the human scale and action\/effects on the spectacular scale
capture the terrifying angst of the modern working man without turning the film into a cheap thriller , a dumb comedy or a sappy
unimpeachable clarity
Adam Sandler 's heart may be in the right place
bigger than yourself
foibles and
bigelow offers some flashy twists and turns that occasionally fortify this turgid fable .
bigger
of riveting set pieces
savagely hilarious
glued to the screen
go to the cinema : to be fed through the eye , the heart , the mind
go to the movies to have fun
going to make a splash even greater than Arnold Schwarzenegger , Jean-Claud Van Damme or Steven Segal
gone a long way
good acting , good dialogue , good pace
good action
What makes Barbershop so likable
What it lacks in substance it makes up for in heart .
What does n't this film have that an impressionable kid could n't stand to hear ?
What could have easily become a cold , calculated exercise in postmodern pastiche winds up a powerful and deeply moving example of melodramatic moviemaking .
What elevates the movie above the run-of-the-mill singles blender is its surreal sense of humor and technological finish .
What elevates the movie above the run-of-the-mill singles blender
What enlivens this film , beyond the astute direction of Cardoso and beautifully detailed performances by all of the actors , is a note of defiance over social dictates .
What enlivens this film
Has it ever been possible to say that Williams has truly inhabited a character ? It is now .
Has it ever been possible to say that Williams has truly inhabited a character
Hands down the year 's most thought-provoking film . But it pays a price for its intricate intellectual gamesmanship .
Byler is too savvy a filmmaker to let this morph into a typical romantic triangle . Instead , he focuses on the anguish that can develop when one mulls leaving the familiar to traverse uncharted ground .
when joined by Brosnan , the sight of this grandiloquent quartet lolling in pretty Irish settings is a pleasant enough thing , ` tis
your reaction : A.
of the human heart
the most watchable film
the most watchable film of the year
Charles ' entertaining film chronicles Seinfeld 's return to stand-up comedy after the wrap of his legendary sitcom , alongside wannabe comic Adams ' attempts to get his shot at the big time .
Charlotte Sometimes is a brilliant movie . It is about irrational , unexplainable life and it seems so real because it does not attempt to filter out the complexity .
Charles ' entertaining film
passion , and genius
past the fantastical aspects and harsh realities of `` The Isle ''
ignite sparks
if you want to see a flick about telemarketers this one will due
wants them to be part of the action , the wallpaper of his chosen reality
exceedingly pleasant
exceeds expectations
excels in breaking glass and marking off the `` Miami Vice '' checklist of power boats , Latin music and dog tracks
exceeds expectations .
excellent sequel .
