Just throwing it out there, when I was in High School some of my "Nerdy" friends bought C-4 off of the black market just because they could. This was 1987 when there was no internet or easy communication yet they were able to get a good chunk of it. Of course ATF came and rounded them up about 2 months later, but that is besides the point. But to address + Matt Ellsworth 's three points... 1) Relatively easy to obtain. I'll give you this one, while I don't feel they are as easy to obtain as other more dangerous weapons. 2) Easy to Use. Well, yes and no. If you are going against easy targets then yes, they are easy to use, but Guns are a very situational tool, they are very effective sometimes, but not as effective in others. I think that is why mass shooters tend to target "Gun Free" zones, because they know that chances are unless someone else is breaking the law the targets will be "Easy". 3) They're highly effective. I think this is only true depending on the message they are trying to send. If you are talking high body count then no, they are not as highly effective as people believe (just look at any mass shooting vs. the Oklahoma City Bombing), but with the way Guns are viewed in this country and you are just trying to get attention then yes the Gun is highly effective. The thing is, we keep coming back to these "Mass Killings" when honestly they are just a small percentage of the people killed and injured with firearms every year, and taking away the guns would probably not stop these nutjobs from killing. Why don't we focus on more practical aspects of firearm ownership that could actually impact the other 80 or so percent.
"Evil intent is easily tempered by a lack of opportunity" Sorry, but people like this are not typically lazy, they plan for weeks before they go on their sprees. Look at the Aurora shooter, he had his home filled with booby traps and make shift bombs, avoided all the theaters that allowed firearms and drove out of his way to go to the one that didn't permit them just to do what he did. The Columbine kids planned for weeks before they committed their crimes, and this recent shooter learned all the security procedures of the school his mother worked at so he could bi-pass them and gain access. These are people that make their own opportunity, not wait for it to be easy. As far as actions against handguns, the only way I would ever agree to something is if someone could guarantee my wife would be safe when I'm not there. She is 102 lbs and can't fight a lick so it wouldn't take much to get passed her, but she can shoot my Springfield XDm competently so any solution needs to be equal to that.
