Our Product of the Day is the Sony Cybershot DSC-HX50! The Sony Cybershot DSC-HX50 is a 20MP EXMOR R CMOS sized sensor camera, with a 30x optical zoom. This camera has a focal length range between 24-720mm. The Sony Cybershot boasts a 3-inch LCD screen, and a video quality of 1920 x 1080 Full HD. Other features include Wi-Fi capability, Picture effects, and Superior Auto and Intelligent Auto shooting modes.
How to perfect that Depth of Field shot: 1. There is always some kind of depth of field in your shots, so use it to your advantage. 2. By using the modes that your camera was originally set at, it will be easier to obtain this shot. 3. Learn which factors affect your DOF shot, and learn how to properly use them. 4. Factors such as aperture, focal length and focusing distance will affect your different DOF shots. 5. Aperture A smaller aperture (F/22) will increase the DOF and a larger aperture {F2) will decrease the DOF. 6. Shorter focal length (50mm) will increase the depth of field and longer focal length (200mm) will decrease it. 7. Greater focusing distances (shooting further away from you) increase depth of field), while shorter focusing distances (shooting closely, like in macro) decrease it. 8. Have fun while practicing!
Post 1: Do you do shoots for weddings? If you do, here are 7 GREAT TIPS ON HOW TO MARKET YOUR WEDDING PHOTOGRAPHY BUSINESS. Download your FREE tips here, now.
Weekend Photo Challenge! Hey Followers! It’s that time of the week again, when we announce our Weekend Photo Challenge! This week, we’re feeling a bit flighty, and therefore we have chosen our theme this week to be all about birds! The winner of the challenge this weekend will have their winning image posted as SAcamera’s cover photo for a week, on our Facebook and Twitter pages. Theme: Free as a Bird You have until Monday 10am to take the photo. Don’t forget, the winning picture will be used as SAcamera’s cover photo for a week! Send your photo, reduced to under 500kb and named with yourname.jpg to lauren@sacamera.co.za Have a wonderful time taking those pictures, and enjoy your weekend!
We’re all about Bokeh Photography for the day! This gorgeous image of a daisy is by Saad Masood.
Hey Followers! We want you to tell us some of your funny stories about your work-related experiences. We’ve heard some really great stories recently about people forgetting the photographic equipment at home, or having funny things happening when on set. So, now we want to hear about YOUR funny photographic moments! So if you have any really funny stories about your photographic expeditions, we want to hear about them!
Our featured image of the day is by Dirk Boshoff. The image is of a bee, and he captured this image with a Canon EOS 550D and a macro lens. Thanks, Dirk!
This is an image, which was taken by Dirk Boshoff. He captured this photo with an EOS 7D Canon. The bird is a Steppe Buzzard.
Our pick of the day: Underwater photography of a dog! We found this to be really cute. What do you think?
Famous photographer profile: Ansel Adams: Ansel Easton Adams, born February 20, 1902, died April 22, 1984, was an American photographer and environmentalist. He was most famous for his black-and-white landscape photographs of the American West, especially Yosemite National Park. Images of the black and white landscapes of Yosemite National Park have been widely reproduced on calendars, posters, and in books. Along with Fred Archer, Adams developed the Zone System as a way to determine proper exposure and adjust the contrast of the final print. The resulting clarity and depth characterized his photographs. Adams primarily used large-format cameras because their high resolution helped ensure sharpness in his images. Adams founded the Group f/64 along with his peers, Willard Van Dyke and Edward Weston.
Our favourite photography quote for the day: “ Which of my photographs is my favorite? The one I’m going to take tomorrow.” – Imogen Cunningham What is your favourite photography quote?
Our pick of the day: An iconic fashion photography image of Marilyn Monroe. This images is captioned, ‘JEWELS’, by Bert Stern.
This image was taken by Dirk Boshoff. This is a Tawny Eagle and was taken with EOS 7D Canon. Thank you for the splendid image, Dirk!
This image was taken by Paul Woods, with his Canon 400D, just before it started giving him problems. The image is of a lone surfer, and a lone ship, which is on the horizon. Thanks for the image, Paul, and we are glad that your camera is fixed! Keep those images coming!
For all of you wildlife photographers out there, what DOES the fox say?? Let us know what sound YOU think the fox makes?
Our Product of the Day is the Sony Cybershot DSC-HX50! The Sony Cybershot DSC-HX50 is a 20MP EXMOR R CMOS sized sensor camera, with a 30x optical zoom. This camera has a focal length range between 24-720mm. The Sony Cybershot boasts a 3-inch LCD screen, and a video quality of 1920 x 1080 Full HD. Other features include Wi-Fi capability, Picture effects, and Superior Auto and Intelligent Auto shooting modes.
This is an image of a white tiger, taken by Dirk Boshoff. Here is what he had to say about it: “I took this photo (with those eyes pinning me back to nowhere…) with Canon EOS 550 D.” Thanks for this gorgeous image, Dirk!
An image by Riaan Roux. Here is what he had to say about the image: “Yesterday I got to do a Matric Farewell for a lovely young couple and a Ferrari 360 Modena. It was an absolutely awesome shoot and the Ferrari just made it out of this word. Some specs: Shot on Sony A99 ISO 100 1/200 f/5.6 Lighting done with 80X80 Softbox on camera left and a rear highligh flash with 18cm reflector far camera right.” Thanks, Riaan!
The second image is a macro image of a snake, by Ehad Arafat.
Snakezzzzzz and Macro Photography. The first image is of a snake, which is about to strike, by Thomas Haney.
Snakezzzzzz and Macro Photography! The first image is of a snake, which is about to strike, by Thomas Haney. The second image is a macro image of a snake, by Ehad Arafat.
Here’s a random Photo Fact to brighten your Monday morning. DID YOU KNOW? According to the Guinness World Records, “The longest photographic negative in the world is 129 feet and was created by Esteban Pastorino Diaz. The negative is of a panorama of major streets in Buenos Aires, Argentina. The images were captured by the slit camera, which was mounted to the roof of a moving car.”
Here’s a random Photo Fact to brighten your Monday afternoon: DID YOU KNOW? According to the Guinness World Records, “The longest photographic negative in the world is 129 feet and was created by Esteban Pastorino Diaz. The negative is of a panorama of major streets in Buenos Aires, Argentina. The images were captured by the slit camera, which was mounted to the roof of a moving car.”
Image, by Gavin Hatherley. This is what he had to say about this image: “I just had to share this with you! Two lionesses and a cub came down to our waterhole to drink. The cub was full of attitude, especially when surrounded by his two ‘bodyguards’! This was taken yesterday afternoon at Kwa Maritane, around 3:30pm.” Thanks, Gavin!
Happy Monday, All! Let’s start off our week by announcing the winner of the Weekend Photo Challenge! The winner is…(drum roll please) Louis De Bruin! This lovely image was taken at St Blaize, in Mosselbaai. Louis has won a Tasco 8 x 21mm Essential Binoculars! Congratulations, Louis! We hope that you enjoy your prize!
Image of the Day: Portrait Photography. By Lee Jefferies.
Please follow our SAcamera Blog, to find out what we think is relevant in the photography world!
Image of the Day: Landscape and Wildflower Photography, by Matthew Santomarco.
Product of the Day: Canon EOS 70D Body Only: The Canon 70D is a 20.2MP camera with a CMOS sensor, and a DIGIC 5+ Image Processor. This camera is equipped with a 3-inch 1040K vari-angled touch screen LCD display, and records at 1920 x 1080 in Full HD.
Weekend Photo Challenge: It’s that time of the week again, when we run our challenge. Since the weekend is a great time to kick off your shoes and relax, we want you all to send us a picture of what you do on a weekend to relax! The winner of this Weekend Photo Challenge will win a Tasco 8 x 21mm Essential binoculars! Theme: What do YOU do to relax? You have until Monday 10am to take the photo. Don’t forget, the winning picture will win a Tasco 8 x 21mm Essential Binoculars! Send your photo, reduced to under 500kb and named with yourname.jpg, to lauren@sacamera.co.za Have a great time taking those pictures!
Image of the Day: Wildlife Photography, by Suresh Nanda.
Image of the Day: Action Sport Photography.
Product of the day: Leica C The new Leica C is a 12.1MP camera, equipped with a fast f/2.0-5.9 Summicron lens, which is 7x zoom capable. It’s focal length ranges between 28-200mm. The Leica C is Wi-Fi/NFC integrated, and includes a Leica C Image Shuttle Application, which allows you to connect to your iOS or Android supported smart phone, tablet, or pc. Price: R8999
We have our SAcamera Gear review team covering the impressive Sigma 120-300mm telephoto zoom, as well as the docking station used to fully utilize the potential of this powerful lens!
