That's ok, I have a feeling by the end of this long winter coming up many PS4 and X1 owners are going to be wondering WTF??
+ Samuel Bernard I have to admit you just blew my mind lol
I always found that idea odd. In the 1990's PC gaming was at large for hardcore shooters and simulators, but games were not all that common like Nintendo and Sony had. Now, partially due to XNA and easy porting there are more PC games than ever to choose from. You didn't see big console games on PC at all. It's far from dying.
looked like crap from the videos I saw
it looked jaggy and low rez, I'm talking like PS2 rez, or was it just a bad video? The one you showed me a few days ago
This will steer them back
I saw two back to back Xbox One commercials last night during the Walking Dead, including one with a developer and a WD fan playing Dead Rising 3. I also heard the Xone is starting to look like it may take over the PS4 in the UK, mostly due to its list of games. Interesting, my brother who is a PC only player and doesn't like CoD much has already preordered Titanfall on PC too.
I'll correct you on one thing right away, Ubisoft games are still coming out on Steam and Ubi has no mention of taking them off like EA did. In theory, EA games could still run through it as I've created "non-Steam games" basically that launch EA games. The most difficult was creating a "game" on Steam that launched Origin, loaded up the Battlelog website and launced Battlefield 3 for me. It can be done and these machines are open like a normal PC.
Well let's not forget there is no "Steam Box" basically. These are simply prebuilt systems with the Steam stamp on them, no different than Cyberpower systems with the Windows stamp. However, they create a good option for someone needing a new system that plays games or for a primary gaming machine. The bottomline though is that while it may not sway PS or Xbox players in droves, those that have already been on PC and were considering going the console route really have no incentive to leave PC
+ Danny Kriegbaum Laursen Well Steam does have Achievements, TF2 items AND Steam Trading cards you earn to sell or get discounts. What does your Trophy get you?
+ Danny Kriegbaum Laursen High level and braking right?? What does that mean?
+ Danny Kriegbaum Laursen sorry still don't get it. What does having a level of less than 14 mean? What does having a level of at least 14 mean also?
I guess it means because I'm only Level 12 I'm a noob and loser.
? What does my e-loser rank have to do with guns? + Richard Dixon
+ Richard Dixon I wouldn't call it a fetish, guns are tools and nothing else.
It looks fine. I wish both companies had gone with the MLG style system of being able to swap your analog stick and dpad locations though. The 360 is the most comfortable I've used with the offset sticks, the DS3 gives my fingers pain sometimes, sometimes make my hand lock up after long use. The Wii U Pro does look nice, haven't tried it yet though.
Titanfall will most likely only be on Origin
They are sure positioning themselves as the sports and shooter platform to be on aren't they
Yes, but they are really hammering on it this time but it seems more mature and not so 16 year old testosterone based. It paid off last gen too didn't it?
+ Camille S-M Agreed, believe it or not I'm not bashing it. Most of the G+ discussions would have you believe otherwise, but the sports games sales and shooter sales, especially in the US and most of the UK dwarf other genres and will continue to do so next gen
That ad is a message, it says " Nintendo, this is what you should have done"
+ Richard Dixon Sorry at work, I'm speed reading (skipping over unimportant stuff)
Maybe the problem is both MS and Sony are struggling to stay in the black most of the time, Nintendo is not. MS and Sony both know they need to give it all they've got and work hard. Sometimes too much success and lack of need to make money leads to laziness
You asked what we are getting with our PS4, I said a controller
+ William Colon I would do that the other way around
+ William Colon I buy any game I plan on playing Multiplayer on digitally as I don't trade those in and I can launch them without getting up lol. Knack is a game I'd play, then trade in eventually
+ William Colon Yes, Future Soldier is very underrated IMO, the MP is fun too, it's a bit different enough to stand out
I'll keep my PS3 even if it takes me that much longer to justify a PS4. I don't imagine Pinball Arcade, Zen Pinball and other smaller games being much better on PS4 really. It will go in my basement Rec Room
Filming my ass. I've hardly even been around the Internet or a camera in the last two days period.
I wonder if this has Trophy support
+ Randy Arrowood I'm not sobbing, + Richard Dixon came to this topic after I told him I'd beat him with my splitting maul if he tried anything. I didn't tell him to call on + William Colon though, I told him I heard that + Travis Blair 's ass was PS Move Certified.
Why, did you spend your last two hours rebuilding a triceratops, figuring out dimensional rifts, or did you settle for just having a latte at the coffee shop while reading a Stephen King novel on your phone?
Read about galactic seasons. They are cyclical like ours, but they do change
It has nothing to do with our cars etc. I think is what he's saying. Accusing such, and factories etc. is creating a scenario where the feds have made new standards difficult to meet, resulting in a "Carbon Tax". That Tax is not used to fund improvements or research so it's just pocket money or to buy tanks for Syria etc. It's a false situation created to redistribute wealth
+ Andy Lewis surely there are other cycles happening, many of them are beyond Earth, probably even our solar system. But yes, things are not what we consider normal, however, we don't really know what was normal 240 million years ago either.
I put a ton of hours into Forza 1, I haven't played a Gran Turismo game since. I used to practice tracks and work on paint jobs during the work week and then race online on weekends. I think I spent more hours painting cars then racing though, I even made some money doing replica paint jobs. Sounds easy, but Forza 1 didn't have letters to use to writing out Good Year using shapes and layers was considered pretty skillful
Candy Crush is actually a pretty good "game" and it appeals to even people who don't play what we view as "games" today. It's on Facebook, and your Facebook account can sync to your iOS/Android version of Candy Crush, same as how Shadowgun does now. Yes, there is a big future in this style of gaming. Even the 'core' gamers are playing this stuff. It makes a ton of money, and is solid gaming. To say it's not is to say Bejewled, Tetris, and Luminous are not games
See + Richard Dixon what did I say? Mario Kart will help the Wii U take off majorly, they need to get that out
I have heard the battery on the gamepad had a pretty bad charge time. 3 hours? This was a turn off for me
+ Richard Dixon 8 hours is enough, how much though? I only play an hour or two a day at most, but I imagine I'd use it for Netflix etc.
What is this?
I would like my Pinball Arcade and Zen Pinball saves synced. It irritates me that they aren't
PS Mobile doesn't really do anything
Actually, just like last Gen everyone is catching up to Nintendo and Valve. They just hide it really well through PR and UFC announcers
MS is planning on using Smartglass yes. Sony has no plans for a PS4 integrated app. They plan you buying a Vita instead
This is what I was discussing this morning with +Richard Dixon. Let's just call it 'The Hidden Cost of the Playstation 4'
+ Randy Arrowood Nobody can talk out of both sides of their mouth, it's physically impossible. Which only leaves the ability of talking out of your ass as well.
+ Randy Arrowood Why him? How can he even talk out of his ass if you're always kissing it?
+ Randy Arrowood I honestly don't think I can comment on that lol. It would be taken waaayy out of context on the interwebs
+ Randy Arrowood not really, I'm pretty quick at the hip to fire back.. The lack of imagination and understanding out here though keeps me at bay. It's not a decision I prefer.
+ Richard Dixon is that what the Catholic Priest told you?
+ Richard Dixon lol, sure. They need to fully layout the whole plan. Too much is still unknown this close to launch, and the launch titles don't tell us anything other than "here's the new gen of console games, just like the old gen, but with better stuff". We don't even know what these games fully are, what you can do with them, or anything other then they look the same with better motion capture and shadows. They have not provided one REAL reason as to why I need one, other than some 1st party games that I can wait for anyways.
Current PC titles like Splinter Cell are already beyond what the next gen consoles will be able to do. They aren't much more powerful than the last system I built 2 years ago for $600. Usually there has been a swing between platforms but this time there is not. Even older games like Batman Arkham Asylum on PC blow away next-gen simply with the ability to use proper physics and anti-alaising. That 2 year old PC ran BF3 at 80 fps in 1080 with everything turned on at high/ultra high settings and 64 players . The PS4 at gamescon struggled to play BF4 with 18 players with low resolution textures and couldn't hit 60fps. These new systems are also x86 64bit based so coding should not be an excuse. Consider me unimpressed
No there's not. But the fan boys are acting like there is and the PS4 and X1 are not mind blowing. To be honest considering the console cycle has been so long this time I expected more. The hardware they are running is what should have come out 2 years ago. There is only one company who understands that, and in 4 years well see a Wii U 2 with higher-end games than the PS4 and X1 as their console cycles overlap
Not only that but the PS4 is the only system not offering a free 2nd screen experience putting it's cost higher than the X1, double the Wii U, and almost as expensive as a mid range gaming pc
+ Chris Wray Not true actually. MS is using Smartglass as it's 2nd screen, which is on all OS tablets and actually works extremely well. This will work with Win8 as well. + Richard Dixon their stance right now is all about Indie and 1st party games, the problem is with that is 1st party games are a small portion of what people want. I love my PS3, but I stopped playing Infamous 2 hours in, I bought KZ3 only because a good friend plays it, and honestly GoW and Uncharted have grown stale to me. yes I know there are others. + William Colon I disagree with the Vita completely. Sure, many dedicated gamers will pick one up, but the masses still will not. Most people will buy the cheapest PS4 they can, and when they find out Sony doesn't have any other interface like Xbox, Windows, Wii U, and even Steam has on their $500 iPad or ASUS Transformer they'll be greeted with a $200 handheld they don't want or need. Sony NEEDS to get a full blown PSN mobile interface out and soon, not this PS Mobile bullshit.
+ Richard Dixon Actually right now yes, my "next-gen" is looking a bit different. I need a new laptop right now badly, so I'll probably be getting a new gaming laptop to knock out 2 birds with one stone. I have over 200 games on Steam with full backwards compatibility so I have plenty to play already. And I'll probably be getting a Wii U for their 1st party games and whatever else comes out for it that's multiplat and worth playing on it. I already wired up Cat5 and HDMI from my surround sound/HDTV to my end table where my laptop sits and have wireless kb/m and Xbox 360 controller....in 1080, @ 60fps with antialiasing
+ Chris Wray Very true, however my argument is that the amount of people who already have a tablet capable of doing this, and the amount of people willing to purchase one for it's multipurpose outnumbers potential Vita buyers at least 10-1. One of the reason PC gaming is still the top played gaming system in the world is that almost everyone has one already and uses it for other things
True, but the masses are where the mass money is made. The hard-core surely will buy whatever they need. I'd agree with u as far as pausing, until I played SC Blacklist. That 2nd screen is much faster for weapons and gadgets on the Wii U than a rose com menu is. On PC we have the benefit of hockey's and numbers. Consoles don't
PC builds are not that expensive and upgrades are not near as common as they were years ago. People act like every time you have to buy it all. My cases have been used over and over, so has the OS , psu, hard drives etc. Usually it's just a part here or there. Once your in its cheaper than consoles actually. My wife fears new console purchases more than a PC upgrade as she knows they are money pits
I also have bought parts from www.overclock.net Those guys are like an endless sea of money and buy $500 video cards as soon as they come out. I picked up my Gigabyte mobo, Phenom X4 955 Black Edition and 6gb of RAM for $250. Another $225 for my GTX 560ti Twin Frozer and about $70 for a 750w/64amp PSU. Haven't upgraded yet and that was amost 3 years ago now. With the savings in games during Steam sales, no need to buy new controllers or games to play, no paid service fee I've spent less than I did when I bought my PS3. I bought the PS3 2 years ago for $300, by the time I picked up an extra controller and a couple of games I exceeded what I spent to build a new PC.
+ Richard Dixon He is pretty level headed. But he's also busy actually enjoying all of the "next generation" games that he already can play rather then waiting for someone else to sell him a system he can play them on :P
+ Chris Wray I started gaming on the Atari 2600, and then a TI/99 pc, which is still in my basement in the original box and works lol. I played through the NES to N64 years on consoles, then moved to PC in 1993 when in Korea I found a strategy game like Risk. (I'm still trying to find out what game that was). It was Star Wars: Tie Fighter and Jedi Knight that got me into PC and introduced me to building them. Had a Voodoo Extreme for 3D slaved to a Savage 2D card and a creative sound blaster 16bit. I left PC when the Xbox came out and played for a couple years, then went back when C&C Generals came out. I tried the 360 for a little while but sold it a few months later and only got back into consoles on the PS3 2 years ago when we bought our house. I never really left I guess, just took a hiatus or two but everytime, as my wife says "you'll go back, it's what you like"
RTS games, the one genre the console has failed to do well sadly. I thought World in Conflict would have worked well on console
It's his money. But if he prefers AIDS and hangovers, over 80FPS and AA/AF then it's his choice.
Yes I've finished it, I won't replay it though. Amazing game both graphically, animation, audio, story and both SP and MP. I hope they do not make a sequel though to be honest
It is one of the games I'm interested in, wish I was playing Blacklist on it too
That made no sense to me at all
Well 1 million is about the right amount of players for a good beta test :P
+ Jeremy Kalman my understanding is that streaming to Vita is done at the PS4 hardware level to take the load off devs. Almost all games that don't use the vita as second screen should do this
Yes Watch Dogs all the way unless your a big Killzone universe fan
+ Travis Blair No, that's one thing I'll agree with you on lol. I'm a huge Ubisoft fan, but the AC series is as rinse/repeat as CoD has become. I got bored after the 1st one and haven't played since and have no interest in it. They should have spread them out a few years each like they do their other IPS
Assassins Creed's story is excellent, but it's one of those series that I'd rather read the book or watch the movies. I also have big issues with the later games as the way the Assassin dresses. In AC3 they should have changed the outfit a bit to resemble normal clothing more. He's not very sneaky looking 100 years out of style.
The PS4 conference sucked, was boring. I even left to paint the garage and do dishes a few times when it was on. WAY too much focus on Indie games. I get that is the new cool but anyone who cares about Indie games already knows about them. They were too busy trying to impress the already confirmed gamer and not those other guys. They need to sell to the Xbox crowd, not the PS3 crowd and they bombed there. I'm getting extremely concerned with their focus on Free2Play also. At least 3 more F2P games on top of the 3-4 already coming including LBP?
Free2Play operates similar to many Facebook and Android games. Not only do they end up racking up money to actually enjoy the game but eventually you'll get to a point that you'll have to spend money in order to progress. Leaving you with the choice to either pay up or admit you just wasted the last month of your life. In addition, F2P like Dust 514 and Planetside welcome in hackers, griefers and all around jackasses or useless teammates as there is no barrier to entry and nothing to lose.
More games doesn't equal better though. I've had years where I only played 1 or 2 games all year. When The Division comes I anticipate playing nothing else for at least a few months. Games like GTA V, Watch Dogs, The Division, Titanfall, CoD Ghosts and the next Halo will each outsell 3 Sony 1st party IPs combined. I'm not a fanboy at all but it's fact. A shit ton of Indie and F2P games is not great, its just a shit ton of games
+ Daniel Roca Not once did I say sales=quality. I think CoD has run it's gambit, as has Assassins Creed and Halo. But not once did I say they are quality games, I said they will sell more then 3 Sony 1st party IP's by themselves. I didn't say they were good. Please don't put words into my mouth or read between the lines. There is no in between
I agree, Not my type of games but I'm sure they are great. I personally still love Tom Clancy games ( Ghost Recon is still better than CoD IMO), pinball, and I love Star Wars Republic Commando and still do but it hardly sold at all. Spec Ops: The Line is one of the best games story wise I played in the last 5 years and it didn't sell well either. I'm not disagreeing with you. All I'm saying is that these conferences are marketing, it's getting the interest in, the hype, making the sale. Focusing on Indies and F2P does not attract the mass market. And whether or not we like it, they need those sales to finance other games big and small. I can't even imagine how many games World of Warcraft and CoD paid for. Without them we probably would never have seen the Transformers games, which I also enjoyed. I do care what sales more, because without those sales we won't have those games you or I just listed at all. The hobbyist hardcore gamers either already know about and or will know about the indies and other content Sony is putting out because they follow it everyday. But their money alone will not make the system successful. They need the casual, competitive, core, retro, and even the "bro" gamer all spending money.
Titanfall looks miles better than Killzone IMO. I wasn't sold at first but after seeing it running today as a single player/multiplayer hybrid and smooth as silk this game has a ton more playability and replay than Killzone easily. Titanfall I predict will drag in the Halo/CoD crowd and sell easily within the same numbers.
I've heard that too, but there's no confirmation. The developer supposedly said "if they have time". They have time, it's all they've done since MW2. I've also heard them supposedly say the PS4 can't run it. It's not coming.
This will steer them back
