Sony has put its SmartWatch 2 on sale in the U.S. for $200, underselling Samsung Electronics' Galaxy Gear watch by $100. The Sony device is compatible with a more extensive line of Android phones than the Gear -- which works only with the Galaxy Note 3 -- but unlike the Samsung watch it can only answer calls, not make them. Designed to complement the Android phone, the smart watch can check e-mails, exchange text messages, receive calendar reminders and "like" Facebook posts.
IBM is moving into the development of new computing technologies that make better use of limited energy and promise to revolutionize the computational power of machines through artificial intelligence. Among the advancements being tested at Big Blue's Swiss research facility are "cognitive" computing systems that mimic brain activity and are able to learn from mistakes and make judgments, as well as liquid cooling and battery technology that will make computers more energy efficient.
Sony has put its SmartWatch 2 on sale in the U.S. for $200, underselling Samsung Electronics' Galaxy Gear watch by $100. The Sony device is compatible with a more extensive line of Android phones than the Gear -- which works only with the Galaxy Note 3 -- but unlike the Samsung watch it can only answer calls, not make them. Designed to complement the Android phone, the smart watch can check e-mails, exchange text messages, receive calendar reminders and "like" Facebook posts.
Thanks to continued investment from the wireless industry, the U.S. enjoys one of the lowest malware infection rates in the world at less than two percent. For more information and what you can do to protect yourself, both in the U.S. and abroad, check out this one-pager from CTIA...
Looks like the Internet of Things may become a reality sooner than I thought...
Free music to dowload and re-use from YouTube
Day two of the free, online Digital Literacies II course is stirring up some interesting discussions.
SOOO impressed by the caliber of the discussions already underway in the free Digital Literacies II course! #digilit
If interested, take a look at this FREE online course that starts on Monday, September 23rd. It's a bit intense but worth your time. If you know any educators or professionals that may benefit from it, please forward. Thanks...
Please join us for a 30 minute online tour of our MySkillSource training courses and resources. Participants will receive a complimentary trial subscription to the MySkillSource site, which features a robust collection IT courses covering: hardware, desktop, networking, programming, web development, security, planning, and many certification tracks. Session date: Wednesday, September 18th @ 3:15 PM Pacific Click below to register...
The federal government is making significant progress in bringing broadband access to domains under its purview, including tribal areas, highways and other government-owned land, according to a White House report. The initiative, which was spelled out in a June 2012 executive order from President Barack Obama, features a program known as Dig Once, which calls for including broadband infrastructure in federal construction projects.
Just wanted to invite you and your education IT staff to join us for a 30 minute online tour of our MySkillSource training courses and resources. Participants will receive a complimentary trial subscription to the MySkillSource site, which features a robust collection IT courses covering: hardware, desktop, networking, programming, web development, security, planning, and many certification tracks. Session date: Wednesday, September 18th @ 3:15 PM Pacific Please add Enterprise Training Solutions ( enterprisetraining.com ) to your Safe Senders list.
The M7 co-processor in the iPhone 5S represents the kind of incremental technical progress to be found in new smartphone models.
Using an iPad for teaching & or learning? Check these apps out
When opened HoneyDocs send a call back with a unique tracking code notifying you that the document was viewed.
Pathways to Personalized Learning report from Center for Digital Education
Join us tomorrow at 1:00pm Pacific for an overview of Ubermix.
Lawmakers in California are considering legislation that would do away with STAR standardized tests in math and English for the current school year and instead administer computer-based assessments aligned with Common Core State Standards. The proposal calls for barring the public release of test data for one year.
Fun webinar TODAY at 3:30pm Pacific on ways to use blogging to support classroom writing.
Mozilla is trying out changes in its Firefox OS Marketplace that could shake up the world of online application stores...
Join us Wed. 9/04 at 3:30pm Pacific, for webinar on ways to use blogging in the K-12 class...
Learn about the new gClassFolders script for use with Google Apps. Webinar starts in 45 minutes! … #edtech #gafe
Enrollment now open for Digital Literacies II online professional learning course for educators and other professionals FREE. Class starts Sept. 23 (7-weeks). Well-scaffolded. CLICK LINK BELOW TO LEARN MORE.
Amazing new app for iPad (desktop version coming). TouchCast. Buying an iPad for just this app is worth it
Microsoft is pleased to offer special pricing starting at $199 on Surface RT directly to schools and universities.
Facebook has teamed with six other tech companies to form Internet.org, whose mission will be to bring Internet access to the more than 4 billion people on the planet who aren't yet connected.
CTIA's GrowingWireless.com offers parents with easy-to-understand information and tips on how to handle issues such as cyberbullying, sexting and privacy; links to CTIA's member companies' parental management tools; and CTIA and its members' online safety, policy and education initiatives in both English and Spanish.
Google sources have adjusted the ship date for introducing the wearable Glass computer from late this year to sometime in 2014, according to a published report which notes the company never officially disclosed when the device would launch.
