Can Sony's latest smartwatch effort best newcomer on the scene, the Samsung Galaxy Gear? Our full verdict, right here.
HMV -- The return of a much-loved British institution, or the last dying whimper of an old, tired dog?
Canon's 70D DSLR has video shooting skills to spare. Can that make up for a lack of still-shooting innovation?
With the PS4 and Xbox One on the horizon, is gaming the last tech category we can truly get excited over?
It's looking unlikely the Samsung Galaxy Round will make it beyond South Korean shores - Samsung consider it to be just a prototype.
Steve Jobs: iPad and iPhone creator, Pixar investor...sex-mad reincarnated spirit of a WWII fighter pilot???
By the time Google Glass hits store shelves, it may have a design that you'd actually like to wear on your head. Result!
There's a lot of love for HTC here at Giz UK, but the HTC One Max ultimately disappoints. Find out why in our full review.
Can Sony's latest smartwatch effort best newcomer on the scene, the Samsung Galaxy Gear? Our full verdict, right here.
Today is the fifth annual Ada Lovelace day, celebrating the work of the godmother of modern computing.
Fancy a tartan iPhone? The Burberry CEO that saved the brand from the chavs has just joined Apple.
They're still pricey, but the new Sonos Play:1 speakers are the most affordable way yet to tap into Sonos's superb wireless music streaming range.
This frightening looking headset is the Avegent Virtual Retinal Display, looking to take on Oculus Rift by beaming 3D images DIRECTLY INTO YOUR EYES
A so-so effort, 'The Fifth Estate' never really gets to the murky heart of the Wikileaks story. Our full review here:
Drive on Blu-ray is our top pick from an absolutely massive Dealzmodo haul today!
Rather than racing around the streets of Los Santos in GTA V, the Queen would prefer if the youth of today settled down with a nice book.
Just bought a Samsung Galaxy S4? Sorry, we've got some bad news for you - its sequel may be just around the corner.
It seems whoever names the products down at IKEA must have a subscription to Kerrang magazine - half of the stock sounds like it was named after death metal bands!
Sharing time! Got any suggestions we can add to our list of the 11 weirdest websites on the internet? Seriously, these will take some beating...
When good intentions go bad - gadget recycling, and Ghana's troubling gadget wasteland.
Some Spotify UK users have been left scrambling for their gramophones today, as the streaming service went down in some parts of the country. Have you been affected?
A Mumsnet user's "Penis Beaker" post has caused the site's servers to cock-up, so to speak...
Salt and pepper - how the duo became dining table staples the world over.
It's not quite Yewtree levels of scandal, but apparently the BBC has been faking some of its wildlife programming shots...
Shooting Challenge #23 was all about trees, and we got some incredible photos back from the Giz UK community. Top marks go to Ian Moore for his iPhone 5 black and white shot. Well done!
The MI5 boss is totally cool with the move towards online mass surveillance. Did you expect him to feel any other way?
Vodafone's 4G service hits the outskirts of London today, with 80 districts around the capital now covered.
This week, Commenter Brandmonkey explains it's really hard being a corporate brand's social media monkey on Twitter. So maybe tone down the abuse a little?
Galaxy whatnow? Qualcomm’s Toq smartwatch is miles better than Samsung’s Galaxy Gear. Check this out:
What we really want from a smartwatch is simplicity. Really. That's all.
Sony's shiney new Xperia Z1 is just as much a camera as it is a phone. Slim and sexy too.
Feeling creative? Good, because this week's shooting challenge is all about painting with light. Wow us and bag yourself a Victorinox kit worth £500. Get snapping.
It's not just cars that are being set on fire by the Walkie Scorchie. Carpets, doors, plastic, and even eggs are being cooked by the light death-ray reflecting off London's newest skyscraper.
Why wait? Here's how to get the best future Android features right now on your phone or tablet.
Please TfL, don't ditch cash fares on busses. Think of the children, the drunk people, and even the commuters who forget their Oyster cards. Oh the humanity.
This is big. Microsoft’s buying Nokia’s phone and devices division. Now it can take on Apple, like-for-like. An end-to-end Microsoft phone might actually be good.
HTC’s solution to your massive phone issue is a mini phone that connects to your gigantophone via bluetooth so you can make calls without looking like an idiot. Yeah, that really just happened.
Careful where you walk. The “Walkie Scorchie" tower in London is actually melting cars parked outside by blasting them with focused light. It's like a massive version of the ant-frying magnifying glass aimed at the street.
Bored with your phone? Got nothing new to play with? Then kit the thing out with the week’s best new apps for Android, iOS or WP.
Is this the Samsung Galaxy Gear smartwatch? It certainly looks like it. Not exactly a stunner, though.
