Sony Xperia Z1, Xperia Z Ultra get maintenance updates - Sony is rolling out maintenance updates for their new high end smartphones, the 5 inch Xperia Z1 and the massive 6.4 inch Xperia Z Ultra. The Xperia Z1 gets camera tweaks with a new camera algorithm for 'better all round performance' with changes also made to Sony's smart camera platform. According to Sony, the changes []
HTC One max Power Flip Case - Flip cases are all the rage nowadays. Everyone's making one. HTC introduced a clever take on a flip case for the HTC One earlier this year, with the HTC One Double Dip Flip Case that allowed you to prop the phone up at an angle, so that you could place it on a desk and watch a video, or just listen to those BoomSound speakers. With the HTC One max, the company improved on the same case, this time throwing in a built-in battery for some extr...
Indian brand Micromax appoints Hugh Jackman as their new brand ambassador [video]
Bing Weather for WP8 Updated: Brings Lockscreen Support, - Microsoft's Bing Weather app for Windows Phone 8 just got an update today. Version 2.0.2.170 of the app brings along: Improved graphics New settings Doublewide Live Tile Integration with the lock screen The lockscreen support was a long time coming, seeing as how almost all the weather apps for Windows Phone already have this feature. []
Nexus 5 briefly pops-up on Google Play store for $349 - Google's having a real problem with keeping their upcoming flagship phone under wraps. The Google Nexus 5 popped up on the Play Store under an official listing for a few minutes earlier today. The listing was made in error since you couldnt buy the phone and there were no details available, apart from the price. []
Samsung comments on Galaxy Note 3 region-locking, refuses to remove it
Lenovo is reportedly considering buying Blackberry - Last month, rumors were that Lenovo was considering buying HTC, but today here's a new report that the Chinese company is considering a purchase of Blackberry, and that the firm has "signed a non-disclosure agreement to look at the smartphone maker's books." This comes in from the Wall Street Journal that states that Lenovo is []
Nokia’s first choice for CEO wasn’t Stephen Elop - Nokia's CEO, Stephen Elop might be the most controversial person in tech, ever since he took over the reins of the Finnish company back in 2011. Apparently though, he wasnt the first choice for that position. This comes from a book by former Nokia CEO Jorma Ollila which states that Nokia was going after an []
Google Nexus 5 Press Images Leaked - Google's next flagship phone just leaked in press images. The Nexus 5 appears to be exactly the same as what we saw in earlier leaks. The images seem to be from Canadian mobile carrier Telus, and show us what Android 4.4 KitKat looks like visually, with a clear notification bar, new camera icon, new phone []
Twitter might release a standalone messaging app - Twitter might be revamping their private messaging feature soon, releasing a standalone app just for direct messages. This comes from a report by All Things D, that says that the overhaul to the system will be coming along in the "near future." Messaging apps have certainly gained popularity lately, and Facebook even launched a messaging []
Nokia is patenting their own smartwatch: Features Mutiple Displays [Video]
Kobo Touch, Glo, Aura HD eReaders Launched in India - Popular eReader brand Kobo launched a whole bunch of their devices in the subcontinent today, in addition to the Android-running Kobo Arc. The eReaders launched today include the Kobo Touch which is a 6 inch 800 x 600 pixels E Ink touchscreen and 2GB of internal memory, the Kobo Glo which also has 2GB of []
HTC One max Preview - When I first laid my hands on the HTC One Max, it took me a while to get over just how big it was. The new 5.9 inch addition to HTC's One series of phones, is set to take on the likes of Sony's Xperia Z Ultra and Samsung's Galaxy Note 3. Unlike those phones []
Apple iPhone 5C Unboxing (+ First Thoughts) - We got the gorgeous Blue iPhone 5C in for review this week, thanks to the awesome guys and girls at Mobicity. The iPhone 5C is this year's iPhone model, that was launched alongside the iPhone 5S. Apple's aim with this device was to bring a more affordable iPhone to the market, in a new way. They added some vivid colours, and swapped out the metal for polycarbonate. Though, its still a bit pricey if you ask me. [divide]Beh...
Sony Xperia Z1, Xperia Z Ultra get maintenance updates - Sony is rolling out maintenance updates for their new high end smartphones, the 5 inch Xperia Z1 and the massive 6.4 inch Xperia Z Ultra. The Xperia Z1 gets camera tweaks with a new camera algorithm for 'better all round performance' with changes also made to Sony's smart camera platform. According to Sony, the changes []
Videos: New Nexus 7 commercials for the ‘Made for what matters’ campaign
Nike+ Fuelband SE Announced - The new Nike+ Fuelband SE was announced today. The new Fuelband SE now comes in yellow, pink, or red color accents, in a design that's slightly updated but more or less the same. There dont seem to be any new features as such, and the band is still based on Fuel Points, Nike's activity score []
Angry Birds Go! Announced: Coming to iOS, Android and Windows Phone this December 11th
Apple announces iPhone 5s & iPhone 5c Pricing for India - Apple India just announced the pricing for the iPhone 5s and iPhone 5c, which will go on sale in the subcontinent this November 1st. The iPhone 5s will be available in space grey, silver, and ofcourse the gold variant, with pricing being: iPhone 5s 16GB Rs 53,500 iPhone 5s 32GB Rs 62,500 iPhone []
HTC BoomBass: A Portable Subwoofer-thing for your HTC One - One of the most impressive things about the HTC One, is it's BoomSound dual front facing speakers. Honestly, I'm suprised noone else thought of it before, and the experience gets even better (read: louder) with the newly announced HTC One Max. As impressive as it is though, the BoomSound speakers are lacking in the low-end. []
[Gallery] Red HTC One - Last week, we stumbled upon a Red HTC One. The Red variant of the HTC One isnt available here in India unfortunately. It looked so freakkin gorgeous that I had to take a couple pictures of it and post it here as a gallery. As far as I know, the Red HTC One is exclusive []
Windows Phone 8 GDR3: Installation and First Impressions - Today, Microsoft released the third update to Windows Phone 8 which happens to be named, rather creatively, GDR3. We've been looking forward to this update for a while; there have been numerous leaked feature lists and screenshots over the past few months and it's finally here. Microsoft has also embarked on something rather pleasing with this update: making GDR3 available for anyone with a Windows Phone device ...
HTC One Max Camera Samples - The HTC One Max that was announced today, features the same Ultrapixel camera as the regular HTC One. That is, the same 4 Megapixel, UltraPixel camera which can record 1080p video at 30fps and 720p video at 60fps. For some odd reason though, HTC chose not to include optical image stabilization this time, which just seems like a strange decision to me. Nonetheless, I was interested in seeing what that Ultrapixel Camera could do, so I took t...
HTC One Max [Gallery + vs HTC One & HTC One Mini] - The HTC One Max was announced today! We're still working on our preview of the new phablet but hey, if you wanted to get a better look at it, and how it sizes up versus the regular HTC One and the HTC One Mini, here's a couple images to show it off. As always, if you need to view the high resolution version, just click the image to see it on Flickr. For more details about the One series phones, check out our HTC One R...
LG G Flex Leaked: Features a 6-inch Curved Display - Looks like LG has a competitor for Samsung's Galaxy Round, and it's just as curved and bendy. Say hello to the LG G Flex. The G Flex leaked out in rendered images earlier today, and apparently it features a 6 inch OLED panel from LG Display, and as you can see, a very curved form []
HTC Desire 500 launched in India for Rs 21,490 - The HTC Desire 500 launched in India last week for a price of Rs 21,490. The Desire 500 is a mid-range smartphone that features a 4.3 inch 480 × 800 pixels display, a 1.2 GHz quad-core Snapdragon 200 processor, 1GB RAM, 4 GB internal memory with a microSD card slot, and runs Android 4.1.2 Jelly []
