Sony updates Xperia Z1, Z ultra Sony has started rolling out a new firmware update for the Xperia Z1 and Xperia Z ultra. The update brings good improvements. On the Xperia Z1 you get an improved camera algorithm for better all round performance. Sony has also improved the Smart Social Cam...
Everything Mobile app is now available for beta-testers As promised, I developed an application for Everything Mobile, the application is very good looking, with different themes and layouts, and it's well organized. The application has been well tested and is quite bug free with the exception of the broken Di...
Nokia owns 90% of WP market AdDuplex, the largest promotion network for Windows Phone and Windows 8, has come up with a detailed report on the Windows Phone deployment worldwide. As it turns out Nokia Lumia smartphones running on Windows Phone 8 account for almost 90% of the entire Wi...
More infos about the Nexus 5 According to unofficial sources, the Google Nexus 5 will come with either 16 GB or 32 GB of built-in, non-expandable, storage. The addition of the bigger 32 GB variant is a great new for all Nexus lovers. This year's Nexus won't have an 8GB storage option. ...
Samsung starts rolling out Android 4.3 to Exynos Based S4s According to the reliable SAMMobile, Samsung has started rolling out Android 4.3 update for the I9500 Exynos edition of the Galaxy S4, after starting the rollout for the I9505 Snapdragon equipped S4 in Germany.
Asphalt 8 goes free again for one day on the AppStore If you're fan of asphalt 8 and you are an iOS user,you'll be happy to know that Asphalt 8 went free again for the second time, just today. The game is around 840 MB and can be found here .
Another senior executive leaves HTC Another high-ranking HTC official has left the building — Lorain Wong, global VP of PR and communications, is to step down after just four months in her role. The company's CMO, Ben Ho, told Bloomberg News that Wong resigned for "personal reasons" and wi...
Nexus 5 appears..........just on the Google Play Store! The unofficially announced Nexus 5 briefly appeared in no other place but the Google Play Store. The Nexus 5 was briefly listed alongside a Nexus 7 and Nexus 10. The handset’s short cameo revealed its starting price of $349 for the 16GB version . A larger...
Plants vs Zombies 2 now on Android After a lot of delays, EA decided to release Plants vs Zombies 2 on Android. The game is optimized for high definition phones and tabs and is free with in app purchases as the iOS edition. (EA's strategy now always consists free apps with IAP) Unfortunate...
Samsung begins Android 4.3 rollout for Galaxy S4 I9505 in Germany Samsung has just begun to roll out the Android 4.3 Jelly Bean firmware update for the LTE-enabled version of its flagship smartphone. The first country to get the update is Germany, but other regions will supposedly be joining the whitelist shortly. German...
Samsung sells less Galaxy S4s than anytime before According the technology market research analysts over Counterpoint Samsung's Galaxy S4 sales have dropped significantly this August hitting their lowest number so far at 5 million units. While in June, Samsung managed to sell 7 million Galaxy S4 devices. ...
Sony updates Xperia Z1, Z ultra Sony has started rolling out a new firmware update for the Xperia Z1 and Xperia Z ultra. The update brings good improvements. On the Xperia Z1 you get an improved camera algorithm for better all round performance. Sony has also improved the Smart Social Cam...
Happy Adha Adha Mubarak for all Muslims around the world Have a good time
A new video of Nexus 5 leaves nothing vague Here's the video:
HTC One Max now official...neither Snapdragon 800 nor OIS After seeing numerous leaks, HTC finally decided to unleash its HTC One Max phablet. It packs a 5.9" 1080p IPS display and is powered by the Snapdragon 600 chipset with a 1.7GHz quad-core Krait 300 processor, Adreno 320 graphics and 2GB of RAM. Just like th...
WP8 GDR3 arrives...Snapdragon 800 and 1080p...but no notification bar neither better multitasking Microsoft has finally announced the much anticipated GDR3 update for its Windows Phone smartphone 8 platform. Its rollout will begin over the coming weeks but will take "several months" to complete. We're yet to find out specifics about device update eligib...
Apple iPad 5 leaks The next generation iPad 5 is expected to be unveiled at an event on October 22 (yeah, along with Nokia's event on October 22) . Before then, however, a slew of new images have leaked showing off the upcoming tablet in full detail. The images show off the a...
Sony Xperia Z1 f mini promo videos After announcing its Xperia Z1 f (mini) in Japan for DoCoMo, Sony released 2 promo videos of the device. Just to remember, the device is very similar to the Xperia Z1 except for its display and its size, which is really a good move by Sony, the company alwa...
Xiaomi sells 100000 HongMi devices in just two minutes The Chinese manufacturer Xiaomi announced in its Weibo account that it moved 100,000 HongMi smartphones in only two minutes and five seconds. Priced at 799 Yuan (approximately $131), the Xiaomi HongMi is among the cheapest quad-core smartphones available in...
Android 4.4 gets leaked again, promises some cool changes A batch of images purporting to be from Android 4.4 running on a Nexus 5 have shown up online, and they confirm a lot of things we've been hearing. This isn't a complete rethinking of Android, but it looks like many parts of the UI will be tweaked this time...
Sony announces Xperia Z1 f for NTT DoCoMo (Japan) Sony has launched the new Xperia Z1 f on NTT Docomo network in Japan. The Z1F is a variant of the company's current flagship - the Xperia Z1 - and bring most of its features in a more compact design. The main difference between the two phones is in the dis...
Google maps for Android gets upgraded with some quite cool additions The Google Maps app on Android OS has got a pretty decent update. It includes new notifications that now utilize the expandable interface. Now you can see your next turn, estimated time of arrival, and remaining distance to destination without having to ope...
Nexus 5 leaked again Case-maker SPIGEN leaked the Nexus 5 yet again with a nice photo of the back. The photo shows a huge camera and golden bezels, as well as Android 4.2 stock wallpaper, which doesn't say anything other than that the render is quite old.
LG G2 and Moto X get a good price cut on contracts Here are the deals for the LG G2 : on Verizon Wireless - $99 from Amazon on Verizon Wireless - $99 from Wirefly on T-Mobile - $0 upfront, $25/month for 24 months (plus contract) And for the Moto X : on Sprint - $79 from Wirefly on AT&T - $99 from Amazon on ...
Samsung announces the Galaxy Round-its first phone with flexible display After hearing a lot of rumors of Samsung announcing a device with flexible display during October, Samsung took the wraps off the Galaxy Round – the world’s first smartphone with curved display. The handset will be available in South Korea, Samsung's Mainl...
Sony Xperia Z1 mini leaks again More than a week ago, a leaked promo brochure from Japanese carrier NTT DoCoMo confirmed the existence of the Sony Xperia Z1 mini (also known as Xperia Z1 f). Today, a couple of new photos of the Z1 mini from the same brochure have surfaced. According to ...
LG's OLED flexible display goes into mass production LG's curved display plans are going well it seems, as the company has officially announced today that its first flexible OLED panel for smartphones has entered mass production. The company expects a rapid success of the flexible smartphone displays saying t...
Nokia to stop supporting Symbian and Meego completely after January 1 Nokia announced that it will be dropping support for the Symbian and MeeGo operating systems at the end of this year. While apps will still be available for download to customers (and developers will still continue to receive revenue for published apps), de...
Samsung Galaxy Note 3 and S4 won't get true octa-core savior Samsung recently brought the true octa-core performance to its Exynos chips. The Exynos 5 Octa big.LITTLE chip, which is currently powering the Galaxy S4 and Note 3, was also expected to gain the ability to run all of its cores simultaneously via software p...
Vote on the new poll After closing the previous poll about the device you're eagerly waiting for to get announced, we got those results: Sony Xperia Z1 mini: 3 votes (First) Nokia Lumia 1520: 0 votes HTC One Max: 0 votes Google Nexus 5: 2 votes The current pole asks you if you ...
Android in September, the great Jellybean domination Google detailed the state of Android OS versions in September. Jelly Bean is gaining slowly, while pre-4.1 versions decline. Pre-2.1 versions account for about 1% of devices, but they are too old for the new Play Store app and are not included in the charts...
Qualcomm VP calls 64-bit nature of Apple A7 a marketing gimmick One of the major features of the recently announced Apple iPhone 5s is the company's own A7 chip and its 64-bit nature. However, according to Qualcomm's senior vice president and head of marketing Anand Chandrasekher, the 64-bit architecture of the A7 chip ...
Vertu announces a new luxury devices... Constellation, running Android The luxury phone maker Vertu has just announced its second Android-powered phone, the Constellation, after its first Android powered device, the Vertu Ti. Each Vertu Constellation is handmade by a single craftsman in England. It's constructed out of grade 5...
Google updates Google search for Android The latest version of the Google Search for Android comes with a new command called “Ok Google”. The voice search shortcut is currently in operational only in the US, but will gradually roll out to other regions. The update also brings new more beautiful se...
Galaxy Note 3 and Galaxy Gear to hit AT&T stores on October 4 AT&T has just announced the Samsung Galaxy Note 3 phablet and the Samsung Galaxy Gear smartwatch will become available for purchase on the AT&T website and throughout the AT&T brick and mortar stores on October 4. The Galaxy Note 3 phablet costs $299.99 wit...
Nexus 5 to feature a Nano-SIM card slot, according to Ukrainian carrier Life Google's next Nexus seems to be featuring a nano-SIM card slot, according to the website of the Ukrainian wireless provider Life:) (yeah, its name is Life:) ). The carrier states that it will equip its iPhone 5s, 5c, and Nexus 5 users with a nano-SIM card (...
Samsung releases Galaxy Star Pro in India, without even announcing it Samsung Galaxy Star Pro is an Android smartphone for beginners, which comes with a very affordable price tag. The hardware specifications of the device are not very exciting ( however there's nothing super to expect with a low end affordable device) with th...
Beats president confirms Beats Audio's availability in the upcoming HTC One Max After Beats Electronics bought HTC's stake in the company, it was unclear about the future of Beats with HTC devices. It seems that Beats Electronics are not done with HTC just yet as Beats' COO has confirmed that the upcoming HTC flagship will feature bea...
Fifa 14 issue can be fixed thanks to a small trick. Earlier today, I've reported that Fifa 2014 contains a big issue. Fixes where found and seem to be working till EA sorts out issues at le...
Everything Mobile...Now with Google translate To satisfy all visitors from all over the world, Google translate is now implemented in Everything Mobile, just select the language you...
