Nokia Lumia 1020 vs Sony Xperia Z1 - Camera Compare Check out this comparison in which the camera of the Nokia Lumia 1020 and Sony Xperia Z1 smartphones can see. Both flagship smartphone features include the next generation of imaging technology - the Lumia 1020 sports a huge 41s Camera PureView imaging technology, and the newly announced flagship Android Xperia Z1 smartphone features a 20.7MP Exmor RS sensor own G lens technology.
Tweet It On Twitter client update for Windows Phone 8 devices - 7.0.2.0 Tweet It! An update is available to the Twitter client for Windows Phone 8 devices, which can be downloaded from the Windows Phone Store - 7.0.2.0!
Microsoft claims 15% of the Thai smartphone market Speaking at an event in Bangkok, Jean-Philippe Courtois, president of Microsoft International, Windows Phone rising 2-3% to 15% in Thai smartphone market in just 15 months.
6tag Instagram client update WP8 Lumia smartphones - 2.0.0.0 The well-known developer Rudy Huyn WP, recently released a new version of the popular Instagram 6tag official client from Lumia WP8 smartphones - 2.0.0.0. The latest update includes some new features, new developments and other dark themes.
Nokia HERE to support a number of new video services Nokia has recently released several new video for the official YouTube channel HERE Services City Lens, Transit and Commute support services, which demonstrates the ease of quick and easy handling, use them.
Nokia Conversations Blog new design The official Nokia blog, Nokia Conversations got a new look today. The new exterior of awesome shows in the big live tiles on the home page. Nokia cited three main reasons to restructure their official blog-
Steve Ballmer visit to China Yesterday the WPDang reported that Microsoft CEO Steve Ballmer visited the Nokia China's regional office in the last week of September.
Sprint prepares Messaging Plus application for Windows Phone devices Sprint's men were recently released for the iPhone and Android Messenger Plus their application, and TechRadar man asked the developers to the application when it will be available for Windows Phone devices.
ChatON messaging application update for Windows Phone devices - 2.21.0.0 An update is available ChatON cross-platform messaging application on all Windows Phone devices - 2.21.0.0. The update supports 01:01 and group discussions, and to send messages to update, includes power upgrades.
Microsoft has updated Bing Weather and Bing Sports applications WP8 devices Yesterday, Microsoft released Bing Sports and Bing Weather Updates For Windows Phone 8 devices. There is no official change log that application updates.
Delight Custom Firmware Update Nokia 808, N8 and C7 devices An update is available for the Delight, the popular Belle custom firmware FP2 Nokia 808 PureView smartphones - v1.2. The latest version is completely updated Delight effects on performance improvements, fixes and various improvements include the use of ROM. Delight The team also released a new version of the means to custom firmware N8 and C7 smartphones Belle Refresh basis.
Nokia updated Video Trimmer and Video Upload applications WP8 Lumia smartphones Nokia has recently updated the Video Trimmer Video Upload and applications WP8 Lumia smartphones. The applications allow you to easily view, save and share your videos to YouTube quickly service.
Whatsapp messaging client update for Symbian smartphones - 2.11.173 WhatsApp team released a new version of the popular cross-platform messaging client of Symbian smartphones. The latest version is 2.11.173 can be downloaded from the bottom.
Microsoft Store AT & T Nokia Lumia 1020 camera phone Free contract An emergency action became available in its shops, Microsoft, Nokia Lumia 1020 devices in with a new contract for two years with AT & T's network.
Navifirm Plus Update Windows PC devices - v2.7 Firmware update is available for popular Navifirm Plus application that allows users to download the latest firmware images from the Nokia online storage of firmware - v2.7 . The latest version includes several new features, improvements and fixes.
New Driving Mode function GRD3 Tutorial Nokia Lumia 925 smartphone Rafe AAWP blogger created a video showing the new features of the new driving method GDR3 WP8 update Lumia 925 smartphone. The application is designed to reduce the interference caused by incoming calls and text messages while driving a car or other vehicle.
Nokia India Lumia 625 new funny ads Check out these funny videos that are shared by the Nokia India official YouTube channel supported the recently launched an affordable big-screen entertainment Nokia Lumia 625 smartphone.
Double Waves Smart Device application Update for Symbian smartphones - 1.2.0 An update is available to the Double Waves, the smart device application for Symbian / Nokia Belle smartphones, which allows you to handle some phone operations in the air pointing gestures - 1.2.0. The update includes a couple of new options and improvements.
Nokia concept SmartWatch of "face" multi-display hinge means We have been hearing rumors about it for some time that Nokia is working on a wrist wearable technology. A new video has leaked showing the Nokia Smart Watch concept known as the "face" of the arm means that you can see that it contains more touch screen.
Oggl and Oggl Pro Applications Update Nokia Lumia WP8 smartphones - 1.0.12.131 Hipstamatic has released an update to the popular social Oggl and Oggl Pro photography the application of the Nokia Lumia WP8 smartphones - 1.0.12.131. The latest version provides support for "12" in various languages.
Nokia Lumia 1520 colors cyan So far, we have seen the red, yellow and black versions of the Nokia Lumia Phablet next 6 1520 device. Well, the new leaker @ Moroleaks just leaked a new press photos for the upcoming phablet device showing the awesome blue color.
Angry Birds Go! December 11 from WP8 Lumia devices! The Rovio Entertainment today announced a new title in the Angry Birds series of games - Angry Birds Go! This is a 3D car racing game, similar to Mario Kart game, but in the birds and piggies are fighting against each other.
New Nokia Lumia 1520 Leaked Photos Check out these new photos that have been blogged by Unwiredview.com CtechCN.com and publish the Nokia Lumia 1520 device. China is the first time that we can see more photos of the unit.
Microsoft announces Windows Phone 8 GDR3 new operating system Once you have declared a GDR2 their update is now available on more devices GDR3 Microsoft update service from AT & T officially announced in a press release provided by the new operating system upgrades.
Nokia proposes to continue the business of Blackberry We heard that Nokia is planning to go after the Blackberry in the enterprise market, and the company has released a poster with a twitter account yesterday explaining that we have the advantage of smart phones and the iPhone, Android and Blackberry devices against.
Nokia Lumia 920 Windows Phone 8 device is now available in India at 17.999 Available as part of Diwali festival is another action by the Flipkart retailer offering the Nokia Lumia 920 smartphone 17.999 Rs. (290 USD) price in India. The unit was part of the newly reduced price of 19,999 Rs. of action. When you order a product from Standard Chartered debit cards using, you'll get an extra 10% reduction in the purchase price.
Windows Phone 8 GDR3 Aka Update 3 Preview Download Microsoft today announced details about the upcoming version of Windows Phone 8 Update 3 ( 8.0.10512 ), which is typically referred to as an update GDR3 . This update contains a number of enhancements , such as support for higher resolution screens, a new generation of processors, screen rotation lock , Bluetooth sharing features, the driving mode , custom ringtone support and more . Microsoft also announced that Windows Phone developers will be able to download the preview , version of the operating system before the actual deployment published. It's not just the actual professional developers , but also can access after subscribing to this new OS preview program.
The Nokia free Netflix subscriptions Lumia Windows Phone devices The Financial Times today reported that Nokia's deal with the online video streaming service Netflix free subscription is available for the Lumia line of Windows Phone 8 device users. Vodafone UK customers are with 1 year free subscription to Netflix Lumia devices. More deals and special offers that other countries will soon see Netflix as well.
Nokia Lumia 625 shares in India The Nokia Lumia 625 device was thrown into the market in September, a month in India, however, you are already at a solid 3.1% share of the market, according to the Windows Phone AdDuplex data.
GDR3 update features premiere Lumia 920 smartphone Check out this video that shows all the new features in the update GDR3, including the closing of the application window, the orientation lock multitasking, and access to the new service.
Fresh Paint apps update for Windows Phone 8 devices - 1.0.3282.1 Microsoft has announced that it will upgrade the Fresh Paint application last week, which allows you to work with your new pencil tool. If you like the lines with the addition of the pencil now allows you to develop your pictures from anywhere. It's the same with a real pencil to Fresh Paint for Windows version 8.1 can be found . The application will give you a new photo filters and an updated user interface was which the application is already complies with the PC version - 1.0.3282.1 . This update is now available for Windows Phone Store.
Joe Belfiore the most important of the more market share In an interview with AllThingsD blog on the Windows Phone engineering head Joe Belfiore rejected criticism that it does not bring Windows Phone functionality devices fast enough.
