A slew of Sony devices hit the US, Xperia Z1 included oday marks the launch of several new Sony devices on the US market, namely the Sony Xperia Z1, Sony Xperia Z Ultra, and the Sony SmartWatch 2. The 20.7MP Xperia Z1 flagship is for sale in Sony's online store for $649.99 , although this version does not hav...
Tiny, cheap water-sensing chip outperforms larger, pricier sensors Whether you're growing wine grapes or mixing cement, there are some situations in which it's vitally important to monitor moisture content. Normally water sensors are used, although these can be both large and expensive. Now, however, a team from Cornell Un...
What to expect from Apple's iPad 5 and iPad mini 2 event It's been about a year since Apple revealed new iPads . That can only mean one thing. This Tuesday, Tim Cook, Phil Schiller and friends will take the stage to reveal the latest versions of the company's market-leading tablet. But what exactly will we see? ...
Nokia owns 90% the Windows Phone market AdDuplex, the largest promotion network for Windows Phone and Windows 8, has come up with yet another detailed report on the Windows Phone deployment worldwide. As it turns out Nokia Lumia smartphones running on Windows Phone 8 account for almost 90% of th...
Asphalt 8 Airborne goes free on iOS If you’re a fan of burning rubber on mobile and happen to be an iOS user then you’d be pleased to find that today Asphalt 8 Airborne, the latest title of the game, has gone free on iOS. Android gamers don’t get to enjoy the same spoils, sadly, and this isn’...
Nokia Lumia 1520 looks cool in cyan We've seen it in red already, and we're very certain it's getting official on October 22 . But now we're seeing the Nokia Lumia 1520 in cyan, courtesy of a Twitter leak by Moroleaks . You can also see that third Live Tile column of the start screen,...
Google Q3 earnings beat estimates Google has released its financial results for the third quarter of 2013 reporting a revenue of $14.9 billion. This marks a 12% year-over-year growth compared to last year's $14.10 billion in revenue. Motorola Mobility, which Google bought in 2011, marks a d...
AMAZE project aims to put first 3D metal printer on the ISS 3D printers have already migrated from factories to the home and are now set to journey into space, where the cost of delivering replacement tools, components and structures can cost in the millions. The AMAZE (Additive Manufacturing Aiming Towards Zero Was...
Volvo to replace body parts with energized carbon fiber panels For automobile manufacturers, the electric elephant in the room continues to be bulky and weighty battery packs. This week, Volvo unveiled an innovative potential solution to the problem that it has been working on for the past three and a half years with o...
‘Plants vs. Zombies 2′ now available on Android As if the delays for the much anticipated sequel to the original Plants vs. Zombies weren’t enough, EA decided to push back the Android release of Plants vs. Zombies 2 even further to an unspecified date. That unspecified date happened to be yesterday as th...
iPad mini won’t be reading fingerprints New images of the alleged next iPad mini and iPad 5 have leaked just days before the Apple October 22 event . The images show the iPad mini 2 next to the iPhone 5s and with another iPad lurking in the background. Notice how the home button isn’t TouchID bu...
The Apple iPhone 5s slo-mo video is not actually 720p The slo-mo videos has been kind of a big deal about the iPhone 5s since Apple announced the fella in September. The iPhone 5s indeed outputs 720p videos at 120 fps, but does it record them in 720p resolution as well? As it turns out – it does not. A reader ...
Nokia has been working on a smartwatch concept of their own Suddenly, everyone is interested in smartwatches (and by everyone I mean the companies making it because the average customer still doesn’t care). Samsung has made one, Apple and Google are supposedly making one and now it seems so is Nokia. Code named ‘Fac...
Canonical releases Ubuntu 13.1 with support for smartphones Canonical took the wraps off Ubuntu 13.10. The latest version of the Linux-based OS is the first to feature a dedicated release of Ubuntu Touch for mobile devices. Ubuntu 13.10 comes with a small selection of mobile apps which includes a browser, clock, cal...
Samsung Galaxy S5 rumored to feature an eye-scanning sensor Hot on the heels on the rumors from the past week , another bit of information emerged, potentially shedding light on the specs of the upcoming Samsung Galaxy S5. Reportedly, the next generation of the popular smartphone will come with and eye-scanning...
Nexus 5 appeared again, this time in the Google Play Store The latest LG Nexus 5 leak surely trumped all the previous ones combined. The yet to be announced Android smartphone royalty briefly appeared in no other place but the Google Play Store. The Nexus 5 was briefly listed alongside a Nexus 7 and Nexus ...
Columbia University students design low cost humanoid "Rosie the Robot" A team of students at Columbia University, led by Jason Ravel, has taken inspiration from a number of sources, including the Turtlebot by Willow Garage, Boxie the Robot from MIT, and Rosie the Robot from The Jetsons , to design a human-sized general purpos...
BitLock offers keyless, multi-user bike-locking Consumers now have their choice of several smartphone-controlled door locks , which allow users to grant access to select people, and that automatically cause the door to unlock when a user approaches. San Francisco-based startup Mesh Motion has taken thos...
Adidas gets in on the smartwatch action with the miCoach Smart Run It looks like the early smartwatches have been split into two camps. On one hand, we have watches like the Galaxy Gear and Pebble that aim, with varying degrees of success, to put basic smartphone features on your wrist. Then we have wearable fitness tr...
Kisai Quasar hides time in plain view The Kisai Quasar is the latest timepiece from Japanese watchmaker Tokyoflash, a company which specializes in limited edition pieces with unusual designs . This particular example features a pulsing display that hides the time behind a geometric pattern, at ...
Last operating ICT 1301 mainframe computer set to run again What weighs 5 tons and has less computing power than your watch? A pioneering piece of computing history call "Flossie," the last operating ICT 1301 mainframe. The National Museum of Computing recently took delivery of the dismantled computer, which needed ...
Facebook releases official app for Windows 8.1 Although Windows 8 has always had Facebook integrated in the OS Facebook has now released a proper app for those who are into that sort of thing. The app is being released on the same day as Windows 8.1 and is only compatible with the new version of Microso...
Google Play Store 4.4 to bring new navigation UI design Google is prepping some new changes for the upcoming version 4.4 of the Google Play Store app that will bring it in line with other Google apps on your Android device. You may have noticed that some of the Google apps, such as Play Books, Play Movies, Play ...
Windows 8.1 updates kick off today Microsoft is releasing its Windows 8.1 OS today. It will be available as a free update to existing Windows 8 users and will also come pre-installed on new Windows 8 PCs sold after tomorrow. The stand-alone retail version also launches on October 18. Windows...
Moto X MotoMaker now lets you sync contacts and calendars from Apple’s iCloud Motorola’s MotoMaker, the online software that let’s you customize the Moto X (currently only in the US and so far only on AT&T) has a fresh new feature that will appeal to Moto X converts coming from iOS. After purchasing a Moto X through MotoMaker cus...
Nokia aims to make October 20 International Mobile Photography Day Nokia would like to name October 20 (cleverly spelled by Nokia 10.20) the International Mobile Photography day and has teamed up with some Associated Press photojournalists to bring a “mobile photo documentary” and a “Life Unexpected” video. The mobile phot...
LG G Pad 8.3 launches in the USA LG has just announced the USA availability of the G Pad 8.3 slate. You can pre-order it today exclusively on BestBuy online for $349.99 with free shipping. The LG G Pad 8.3 will become available through various retailers starting November 3 with BestBuy bei...
HTC One max will not be making its way to Canada HTC One max will not be making its way to Canada – at least officially. According to a statement from the Taiwanese manufacturer, “the current HTC lineup of devices is sufficient for the Canadian marketplace”. The lack of subsidized HTC One max in Canada m...
MediaTek MT6592 octa-core CPU goes through AnTuTu Back in the heat of the summer MediaTek announced the world first true octa-core processor. Dubbed the MediaTek MT6592, it features eight Cortex-A7 CPU cores utilizing the 28nm manufacturing process and is able to run them all simultaneously. Now that the...
Apple quietly increases iPhone 5s and 5c prices in France Apple has silently increased the retail price of its iPhone 5s and 5c models in France. The price increase isn't drastic - the iPhone 5s 16 GB model has saw a €10 increase, the 32 GB model a €12 and the 64 gig model €18. The iPhone 5c has seen €10 and €12 i...
Consumer Reports: iPhone screen no match for Android flagships Consumer Reports , one of the most influential comparison sites in tech, has wrapped up its review of the new iPhone 5s and 5c models. While it holds the improved processor, better camera, and new fingerprint sensor in high regard, CR says that Apple can't ...
Android 4.3 for Samsung I9505 Galaxy S4 now available We've got good news for all international I9505 Galaxy S4 users. Samsung has just begun to roll out the Android 4.3 Jelly Bean firmware update for the LTE-enabled version of its flagship smartphone. The first country to get the update is Germany, but othe...
** Nintendo's old school classic can now be played on your browser as an HTML version has been created by a Computer Science student named Josh Goldberg Super Mario Bros is now playable on your web browser as Full Screen Mario has updated the game from the 80'...
Super Mario Bros now playable in your browser Nintendo's old school classic can now be played on your browser as an HTML version has been created by a Computer Science student named Josh Goldberg Super Mario Bros is now playable on your web browser as Full Screen Mario has updated the game from the 80'...
Vivo breaks the 1080p barrier with the first 2K smartphone While we're still far from getting 4K displays on smartphones, but the latest news from Asia indicates that Chinese manufacturer Vivo is in production of a display set to feature 2560 x 1440 pixel resolution. Vivo teased its upcoming product today, hailing ...
Android 4.4 KitKat and Nexus 5 to go official on October 28 The official name for Android 4.4 - KitKat - was made official a while ago, but back then we got no release date or feature details. Last year Google announced the Android 4.2 and Nexus 4 on October 29, so many people are expecting an official Google even...
HTC outs 5-inch Desire 709d in China Just two days after HTC announced the One Max phablet, it outed yet another device. This time around it's a China-bound smartphone called HTC Desire 709d. HTC Desire 709d features a 5" qHD Super LCD2 display and runs on the Snadpragon 200 chipset with a...
Square Cash lets you send cash through email You may have heard of the mobile payment company Square. Co-founded by the co-founder of Twitter – Jack Dorsey – the company came up with the revolutionary Square Reader for the iPhone for swiping credit cards directly on your phone. Their newest venture, c...
Sony announces new A7, A7R and RX10 cameras Sony has announced three new cameras, two of which are particularly exciting. Those are the A7 and A7R that have been doing the rounds of the internet the past few days in the form of leaked images. The third is the RX10, which is essentially the RX100 II w...
Nestle posts a tasty-looking Android 4.4 KitKat teaser Google has released a new image teasing the upcoming launch of Android 4.4 KitKat. Accompanied by the text “Everybody dance now! , the image hints that we should expect Google to spill out all the beans of the latest Android release any day now. As it’s be...
Sony rolling out firmware update for Xperia Z1 and Z Ultra Sony has started rolling out a new firmware update for the Xperia Z1 and the Xperia Z Ultra . The update makes improvements across the board, from the camera to the display and battery life. On the Xperia Z1 you get an improved camera algorithm for bette...
