Hey, Trey - for wide angle, you want the Carl Zeiss 16-35mm f/2.8. I rented that lens about a week ago (as I shoot Sony DSLR/T) for a landscape photography trip, and I LOVED it. A little pricey at about $2k, but an excellent, excellent lens.
Maroon Bells Majesty Going against this grain with this Fall color shot, and taking out the color! The color in this frame is actually outstanding, but I just really like this scene in B&W. Plus, you can still see the different colors at play through the different tonal ranges within the trees. Such a beautiful place...
My latest pic from the Maroon Bells... A beautiful place any time of year, but especially in the Fall!
Autumn at Maroon Lake I took this picture up at Maroon Lake last Saturday. The government shutdown meant that the road to the Lake/Bells was only open to hikers and cyclists, which made it nice for us photogs that made the trek up , as we could actually shoot without the shore being lined with 200 other photographers. I rode my bike up, and then hiked the upper scenic loop after I'd taken some pictures along the lake shore; it was great fun. I'll have more pictures from the Maroon Bells coming in the coming week.
Aspen Grove A grove of aspen off the side of the road on Castle Creek Road, just outside of Snowmass, CO.
Surrounded Taken in Snowmass on 10/4. I was driving back to my hotel in Snowmass after a day of exploring and shooting out by the ghost town of Ashcroft, along Castle Creek. As I was driving back through Snowmass, I could't believe all the colors on the hillsides in town there! I spotted these lone pines amidst a sea of aspen, and as luck would have it, there was a trail on the hill opposite, across the road. So I parked my car, hiked up a ways, and started setting up shots. It was BEAUTIFUL...
Milky Way at Trout Creek Pass Beautiful night sky, just off Trout Creek pass this past Sunday evening.
Autumn Sunrise on Buffalo Peaks I took this yesterday morning, off of Weston Pass Road, about 10 miles away from the town of Fairplay. I had scouted out this spot the weekend prior and determined it'd be perfect to get some sunrise alpenglow on the Buffalo Peaks. I was hoping for a slightly redder hue of glow on the peaks, and could have used a few clouds in the sky, but I'm not complaining, as it was still awesomely beautiful, as you can see. I stuck around quite a while after the sun rose, hoping I'd get East Buffalo Peak more fully illuminated, too (instead of just the very top), but alas, that other mountain was just a bit too close (blocking the sun), and I could tell after a while that'd it probably be closer to noon before that peak got fully lit, so I headed off toward the Buffalo Peaks Wildneress to do some hiking and see what pics I might get in there. Some of those pics to come later...
The closed road to Maroon Bells because of the government shutdown made for a nice bike ride yesterday.
Photos from a Victoria's Secret-themed shoot I did back in July. More to come...
On shooting manual... (more for the beginners out there)
Mother Nature's Power I post this is not as a brag shot, as it's just an SOOC pic shot on auto, but just to show the power of the rains out here in Colorado. This is my neighbor's car, just up the road from my house. All this water has been finding its own routes to get down the mountains, creating new "creeks" and such everywhere...
This is just outside Manitou Springs! We didn't get hit quite as bad as the Boulder area, but still got some serious water. I think we got it worse up in the mountains than they did down in town this time around, as this has been the worst we've seen up by our house, but was pretty tame in Manitou compared to the last couple of incidents.
Harley Man This guy had just gotten on his bike, which had some cool blue lights on the undercarriage (sorry, you don't get to see 'em in B&W), and was looking at our group of photographers rather suspiciously. I wanted to take a picture, but he was looking kinda surly, so I asked him first. He said, rather seriously, "Sure, but over here," pointing to the other side of his motorcycle, out on the street (I was naturally standing on the sidewalk). So I went out in to the street, and he struck his surly biker pose for me. After that, some other bikers rode by on the other side of the street, and he quickly rode out and joined the pack.
Futurama This is one of the reasons why Futurama is/was so geektastically awesome. #futurama #geek
"Evening in the Basin" Welcome to the green, lush mountains of Scotland! No, wait - this is Colorado! As I've said before, Ice Lakes Basin is one crazy beautiful place! It was a rather wet time when we were up there, with the area having seen plenty of recent rain, and there are streams and lakes/ponds everywhere, so the area is surprising lush. I couldn't get over just how green it was. Throw in some wildflowers to shake up the color palette, and the area really lived up to the pet state moniker of "Colorful Colorado."
Baby's First Shoes From a recent maternity shoot. This might actually be my favorite image from the session.
"Awash In Light (B&W)" Here's the B&W version of the last photo I had posted, the picture I was actually working toward. I like the cover version because of the specific, warm colors captured in that shot, but still always gravitate toward the elegant simplicity of B&W. Which do you prefer?
Side note: has G+ changed something on their image loading? The last few pics I've uploaded here look like crap, compressed to hell or something. The same images are looking much better on FB, 500px, etc.
Figured it out - it's that stupid auto-enhance! Is there a way to default that to off?
"Awash In Light" Another photo from the beautiful Ice Lake Basin, down in the San Juan Mountains of Colorado.
*Blue Skies Over Golden Horn" Time to start posting some stuff to G+ again; I've been neglecting... This is a picture I snapped on a backpacking photography trip in Ice Lake Basin, down in the San Juans, a couple weeks ago with a friend. It was an awesome trip in a beautiful area.
I've been pretty bad about staying active here on G+. Too much social media to keep up with, I guess. Here are some fun shots I thought I'd share, though - some cool stuff from a recent Joker themed shoot I did in and outside my studio earlier this week. Hope you like 'em!
A new Wednesday, a new chance to purge and renew. And 50% off to anyone who would like to order some new prints for their walls!
This week's Talent Tuesday featured artist will likely be familiar to most G+ers - + John De Bord !
#50 - #52 in my 2013 project. Got a bit behind posting these on G+, so finally catching up...
2013 #49: Poison Ivy Taken at StarFest in Denver, April 2013. She made that costume herself. Pretty impressive, huh? I think this was the winner of the convention for me (being the Batman freak that I am).
On my photography blog, I've begun a weekly series called "Talent Tuesdays", where I showcase the work of other photographers I admire. This week I bring you the illustrious street photographer, + Thomas Leuthard . Be sure to check out last week's post, too, where I showcased local (Colorado Springs) landscape and nightscape photographer, + Matt Payne .
Wow. Sickening. We Americans support this by turning a blind eye and continuing to buy products from these manufacturers.
2013 #48: Colliding Universes I was up shooting at the StarFest convention in Denver this past weekend. Here, characters from two of my favorite movies/TV series are about to meet: V (in the Guy Fawkes mask, from "V for Vendetta"), and Jayne (in the stocking cap, from "Firefly"/"Serenity").
2013 #47: If James Dean Were a Raver... Another shot from the black light model shoot last weekend...
But of course, they're not overpriced...
2013 #46: Look Into My Eyes Had a fun model shoot at the studio last Saturday night, involving some black lights and "rave" makeup. More to come...
2013 #45: Knife in the Grass
Sock monkeys really bring out the worst in people... ;-)
2013 #43: Spooked Having a little fun, playing with the flash w/ my girls at home tonight...
2013 #42: The Hunter Mountain lion, captured at our local zoo. One of these bad boys killed my dog a few years back; we only found half of him. Vicious hunters...
I agree, Chris! In fact, all of their big cat exhibits are pretty nice!
2013 #41: Mad Dog & the Coz Was playing around with my new camera and lens (Sony A900, Sigma 50mm f/1.4), and snapped this scene, which is a very frequent occurrence at our house - Maddie hugging Cosmo to death. It's not a technically perfect photo, as I shot at too large of an aperture (lost sharpness in her eye farthest from the camera - still getting used to the shallower DOF on a FF sensor), but I love it nonetheless; love that smile.
