It&#39;s Been A While, Sony Approximately 1 day into using the new Sony Xperia Z1 , and I must say I am loving it. Some salient features (I have only included those I think that are important. For full specs you can refer to sites like these ): Basic Dimensions 144 x 74 x 8.5 mm...
Some Pictures from the Past... Children on excursion in Taipei's Botanic Gardens.
It&#39;s Been A While, Sony Approximately 1 day into using the new Sony Xperia Z1 , and I must say I am loving it. Some salient features (I have only included those I think that are important. For full specs you can refer to sites like these ): Basic Dimensions 144 x 74 x 8.5 mm...
We all have days like these... #moody #lonely #down #blackandwhitephotography
Taken at the Upper Pierce Reservoir in +Singapore.
Composition 101: Introduction Once you have get the hang of adjusting your camera to get the right exposure , it is time to learn about composition of a picture. What is Composition? While a picture speaks a thousand words, the subjects inside a photograph is important. The position whe...
Some Thoughts on the Tuition Phenomenon Written after reading this article . The tuition phenomenon worries me. I never had tuition... I remember my mother always asks me and my siblings to 动脑筋 (use the brain and think). I used to ask my siblings and my friends when I am stuck with school work, o...
Night Shoot Around Little India Just had a night photography session with my mate Jordan (he was flexing his Fujifilm X-E1, do check out his post! ), can't wait to share the pictures I took! This time, I had with me the Nikon D90 and the Nikkor AF-S 35mm f/1.8G . Just that and nothing ...
Sunset this evening was awesome!!
Sunset this evening was awesome!!
On Wastage and Organisation Efficiency What is efficiency? Efficiency is the ratio of the Output to the Input (Output/Input). Effects of Efficiency on Profitability Output is revenue, input is cost and profit is the difference of the two: Profit = Revenue - Cost = Output - Input ...(1) (...
This was taken with the Coolpix P7700, in the cloe range macro mode.
Some thoughts on Nature Photography Nature Photography is a very broad genre. It includes: animals (which can be further broken down into more specialized subject like birds, butterflies, marine life, etc) plants (as with animals can be specialized further) landscape (includes celestial being...
Some thoughts on Nature Photography Nature Photography is a very broad genre. It includes: animals (which can be further broken down into more specialized subject like birds, butterflies, marine life, etc) plants (as with animals can be specialized further) landscape (includes celestial being...
One of my favourite pictures, taken with the #fujifilm #hs50exr .
This was taken with the HS50EXR too. One of my favourites.. Look at the bokeh!
thanks!! i believe i was about 20ft or so away..
This was taken in June when I just acquired the Fujifilm HS50EXR, still loving the camera.. look at the colours!!
An evening walk with the N90 and Nikkor 17-55mm
These were taken with the Nikon 300mm AI-S on the Nikon D90.
Just to share
I won candy on the #googlebirthday doodle! Score: 110
Telling Stories Through Photographs Every good photograph tells a story. Afterall, a good picture speaks more than a thousand words. Street photography is therefore appealin...
An Evening In Chinatown Through a Nikon Lens It has been a while since I took my D90 and the 17-55mm lens to shoot, since I took up birding . So I decided to bring it to Chinatown wi...
I Just Katzeye My D90! I recently installed this focusing screen on my Nikon D90! Katzeye Optics. It comes with a handy tool. What does this do? In layman's te...
Recently acquired the #Nikon 300mm #AI -S lens. Much challenges to use it on a D90 that does not meter with it. Check out some pretty pictures I took with the lens too #photography #avianphotography #camera #lenses
Finally managed to photographed these cute birds with the manual lens!
Check out some bird photos I took with the Nikon 300mm f/4.5 AI-S on my D90
