Sony went where no camera manufacturer has gone before this morning, unveiling the world's first full-frame mirrorless cameras: the 36.4-megapixel Alpha 7R and 24.3-megapixel Sony Alpha 7. #mirrorlesscamera #fullframemirrorless
If you like your cameras small, retro-styled, and downright cute, then you may love the new + Panasonic USA Lumix DMC-GM1. This 16-megapixel, mirrorless, compact system camera with the miniature, throwback design, recalls sharpshooters of yesteryear but with some modern, picture-taking skills. #mirrorlesscamera
Nikon has just announced two new products for photographers: the prosumer-friendly 24.2MP, APS-C sensor-based D5300 digital SLR, and the pro-worthy AF-S NIKKOR 58mm f/1.4G portrait lens. #dslrcamera
"Rebirth" is an underwater portrait project where the subject is slowly enveloped in warm water. Photo by © Yana Tober. More on PDN Photo of the Day: #photooftheday #portraitphotography
The new lens from + Sigma Corporation of America looks interesting. Part of Sigma's "Art" category of lenses, what will no doubt catch most photographers' eyes is that the optic can maintain a constant aperture of f/4 through the entire zoom range. #dslr #photography #cameralenses
Sony went where no camera manufacturer has gone before this morning, unveiling the world's first full-frame mirrorless cameras: the 36.4-megapixel Alpha 7R and 24.3-megapixel Sony Alpha 7. #mirrorlesscamera #fullframemirrorless
Photographer Patrick Fraser normally shoots people for magazine and ad clients. For a change of pace he created a still-life project of produce photographs that shows them both beautiful and decayed. "My concept of aging added a stark reality to the perfect beauty of the still life fruit scene," Fraser says. More on PDN Photo of the Day. Photo © Patrick Fraser #foodphotography #stilllifephotography
As part of its 125th anniversary, National Geographic is launching “Women of Vision: National Geographic Photographers on Assignment." Photo © Stephanie Sinclair. More on PDN Photo of the Day: #photojournalism
In its second year, Unseen Art Fair drew an international audience to Amsterdam to view previously un-exhibited work from established artists and emerging talents. Set against the industrial backdrop of a repurposed nineteenth century coal gas power plant, the “art fair with a festival flair,” as organizers dubbed it, featured plenty of energy and excitement, but drew mixed reactions from gallerists: #artfair #photography #photobook
Harper's Magazine publisher John R. MacArthur wrote a letter for the October issue of the magazine in which he took a strong stand against publishing free writing and photography on the web. He tackles the question of how journalism should be funded and distributed today, arguing that publishers, readers and journalists should reject the idea that good journalism should be given away for free in hopes of gaining page views. When he talks about good journalism, he includes good photography: #photojournalism
Bill Eppridge, who photographed Robert Kennedy's campaign and assassination, The Vietnam War, the Civil Rights Movement, Woodstock and countless other major stories for LIFE Magazine, Sports Illustrated and other publications, died early this morning of complications from an infection. He was 75. #photojournalism
To make the transition from assistant to professional photographer Kyle Johnson relied on "people skills and connections, and a commitment to focusing on the work that interests him, rather than trying to be a generalist." For more on Johnson's break into professional photography read our profile: Photo © Kyle Johnson #photography #professionalphotographer
+ Sigma Corporation of America released the first and only f/1.8 zoom lens on the market. Why? "Consider how many images from the 'golden age' of documentary photography were made with f/1.8 lenses in this range," writes our reviewer. "How many photos that graced the pages of LIFE or National Geographic were taken using a 50mm f/1.8, 35mm f/1.8 or a 28mm f/2? The Sigma 18-35mm puts all three of those lenses in your hands at one time." Here is our full review: #lensreview #dslrphotography
What does the American man look like? + Esquire celebrates 80 years with "The Life of Man," a #portrait series showing American men aged 1-80 years. Willie Nelson, pictured, is #80. © Mark Mann. More on PDN Photo of the Day:
Picture Story: Lindsay Morris on her project on a summer camp for gender nonconforming children: "It’s an experience to photograph…. They’re brave, amazing, beautiful kids. I really see this in the freedom of expression they have." #gendernonconformity #documentaryphotography Photo © Lindsay Morris
News from Aperture: Aperture Portfolio Prize 2014 is now open! Call for entries September 30 – November 27, 2013. Visit the prize site to enter: #fineartphotography
Clisset's are not photographs in the traditional sense; they are (kinda wacky) 3D virtual environments. © Shamus Clisset. More on PDN Photo of the Day: #photooftheday #digitalart #photography
"At a time when the small republic of Haiti was described through the prism of tragedy, photographer Paolo Woods was looking for something else." Check out the project and talks with Woods weekend at Photoville. © Paolo Woods/INSTITUTE. More on PDN Photo of the Day: #photooftheday #photojournalism
Jamie Lynne Grumet tells PDN what it was like to become the subject of a media frenzy after a Martin Schoeller photo of her breastfeeding her son appeared on a magazine cover: #portraitphotography #timemagazine
"There’s no denying that the depth and breadth of the GR’s features and customization are inherently appealing." Is the new Ricoh GR the fixed-lens camera for you? Read how it stacked up in our test.
Wonder what’s inside the Sony QX100 lens camera? Check out this very cool teardown video.
National Geographic photographer Michael "Nick" Nichols show at Anastasia Photo through October 30, 2013. © Michael Nichols. More on PDN Photo of the Day: #naturephotography #nationalgeographic #lions
Turn your iPhone into a light meter with the Lumu.
Daniel Morel's TwitPic copyright infringement case is about to go to trial. He's seeking $13.2 million in damages from AFP, Getty. #copyright #photojournalism
Photographer, video maker and teacher Carrie Mae Weems has been awarded a MacArthur "Genius" grant. Should we add "finally"? #fineartphotography
"After the bombs went off at the Boston Marathon I didn’t notice any photographers at all. I was focused on the injured man, who I now know is Jeff Bauman."--Carlos Arredondo on what it was like to be the subject of a famous news photo. #photojournalism #bostonstrong
“New Natives” addresses identity, gender, and sexuality through a very specific and relatively unexplored subject matter - Hawaiian male models. © Joseph Maida. More on PDN Photo of the Day: #models #fineartphotography
Over the past 15 years, the number of cosmetic procedures has increased by 197% (ASAPS 2012). Take a look at the fascinating tools of the trade in this photo series by Cara Phillips. Photo: © Cara Phillips. More on PDN Photo of the Day: .
The People in Front of the Lens: A Gregory Crewdson Subject Seven years ago, when she was pregnant with her fourth child, Juliane Hiam posed nude in a backyard for photographer Gregory Crewdson. "A small print hangs in my living room and all I see now is Gregory’s narrative image, I honestly hardly even notice I am in it. It is something much larger and more elegant and truly inspired than what led up to the moment on the set when his shutter clicked." She shares her side of the story: #fineartphotography Photo: "Untitled (Oak Street)," 2006, © Gregory Crewdson/Courtesy of Gagosian Gallery.
Diana Markosian on her photo project about her father, and reconnecting: “I told him I wanted to photograph to show our relationship, and his life. I talked about friends who had grown up without their fathers, and how much anger they had. I told him I wanted to get through it. I didn’t want to have this anger in me anymore." #documentaryphotography #blackandwhitephotography
Matt Eich on creating an exhibition about his home: "“I returned to the area after traveling around the country and seeing some of the world. I could finally appreciate my home for what it is. I could find beauty all around me, I was interested in almost everything." #documentaryphotography #fineartphotography #photojournalism
"My hope is that these pictures will stimulate a process of thinking about something essential to our survival, something we often take for granted." © Edward Burtynsky, from his new book and exhibition looking at the world's water supply. More on PDN Photo of the Day: #environment #water #photooftheday
The love affair continues for those still enamored of the "medium-format look." PDN looks at some of the best options on the medium-format market.
The Best Software for Managing Your Studio: PDN's round up of programs that do everything from scheduling appointments and bookkeeping to letting clients order prints so you can run your business more smoothly. #photography #software #studio #business
In the latest in our series on smaller markets where photographers love to live and work, we highlight Atlanta and its neighboring city Athens: #photography #business
Montréal celebrates a month of photography through October 5, 2013. Image © Penelope Umbrico. More on PDN Photo of the Day: #fineartphotography #exhibition
Read our Q&A with fine-art photographer Nick Brandt to learn more about his new book of wildlife work, and how his photographs helped him establish The Big Life Foundation, which is protecting animals from poachers in East Africa. Plus: Why he shoots film. #fineartphotography #naturephotography #portraitphotography #conservation #africa #elephant
Gaston Lacombe’s photographs of animals in captivity around the world consider the complex motivations of their human captors. “Not all zoos are equal,” Lacombe explains. “Some make great efforts to provide their animals with adequate and comfortable habitats, and some others can only be described as animal torture chambers. However, in all zoos, there are always some animals wedged in habitats that are inappropriate, inadequate and uncomfortable. I still haven’t seen any exceptions to this.” #zoos #animalphotography #animalrights #photography
Jamie Beck and Kevin Burg have attracted clients by pioneering a technique for creating sophisticated animated images that captivate viewers. #fashion #photography #cinemagraph #animatedgif
Can giving away art turn the recipients into future collectors? Jennifer Schwartz thinks so, and believes the art world needs to focus on creating new collectors. Read about her controversial Crusade for Collecting on PDNPulse. #fineartphotography #collecting
“We were hell bent on getting the shot in-camera,” says Jeff Minton. In part, he says, he was caught up in trying to capture an idealized view of America—without retouching. #photography
