Looking forward to the official announcement. Oh and I am in big time.
I am definitely intrigued by what will change in the OS as well. Seems more and more either apps are being pulled out or more is happening through Play Services which is very exciting. The idea of enabling a nexus launcher is also very interesting. Hopefully clarity is not far away now.
I suspect I will pull the trigger regardless. Coming from the venerable galaxy nexus it will be a great upgrade regardless.
+ Andrew Melder Indeed there was a time where the GN data performance downtown was terrible but it has improved quite a bit so I wonder how much was the phone and how much was crappy Telstra Perth CBD gsm abilities. That said it still isn't the best due to its limited gsm abilities. I purchased the extended battery for the GN but still charge it at my desk which has released me from being concerned most days about battery. What's I find very interesting is the impact on battery from poor network coverage. In Perth my phone is cycling from G to E to 3g all day and it kills the battery. In Melbourne recently I had rock solid 3g and the battery life was simply stunning. I too hope that 4.4 focuses on efficiency improvement. Given that moto does this well I hope its only a matter of time before it makes its way into the core product. I am also hoping for enhanced exchange integration from a work perspective (for example I can't use lock screen widgets with our corporate security requirements) For me the N5 is exciting because of the chip performance, the screen improvement, the inclusion of LTE and hopefully a good camera (I hope Vic Gundotra is right), price and ability to buy off contract will make it hard for me to avoid. Looking forward to the new Nexus 10 specs too as my Xoom is starting to feels its age...
Curious to see this device. The camera has so far looked different perhaps this is the reason why...
That's pretty interesting. I love this time of year. Would be really fun if there was a surprise or two in the actual announcement like chromecast wasin their last big announcement.
Same with the Sony Ultra. Massive devices.
