Android 4.2.2 CoMinG FoR Sony Xperia ZR{ SooN } Following the updates it launched for the Xperia Z and Xperia ZL yesterday,{ Posted Above } Sony has started seeding Android 4.2.2 Jelly Bean for the Xperia ZR as well. More specifically, the Sony Xperia ZR software update was released yesterday at 4:20pm ...
Microsoft's Windows Phone 8 GDR2 Changelog We have heard bits and pieces about the next update for Windows Phone 8, codenamed GDR2, and we were getting pretty excited to see some of the features that were rumored to be included. Today, Microsoft posted the changelog for the GDR2 update, and unfort...
AnDRoiD 4.3 FoR Samsung Galaxy S4 and HTC One Android 4.3 update has been one of the most talked version so far, and soon after its announcement, there were expectations among fans to receive it in their devices. However, Google Devices started receiving it early during the first week of its release wh...
Android 4.2.2 CoMinG FoR Sony Xperia ZR{ SooN } Following the updates it launched for the Xperia Z and Xperia ZL yesterday,{ Posted Above } Sony has started seeding Android 4.2.2 Jelly Bean for the Xperia ZR as well. More specifically, the Sony Xperia ZR software update was released yesterday at 4:20pm ...
Xperia Z, ZL and ZR Firmware Update After Sony rolled out the Android 4.2.2 update for the Xperia Z about a month ago, now a new update for the update has appeared, carrying the firmware number 10.3.1.A.0.244. The update seems to be simultaneously release also for the Xperia ZL and ZR hand...
AnDRoiD 4.2.2 FoR Samsung Galaxy S II Plus Does Samsung have it backwards? Over in Germany, the Samsung Galaxy S II Plus is receiving an update to Android 4.2.2. So what's the big deal? Well, it turns out that the Galaxy S II Plus is being updated while the Samsung Galaxy S III and the Samsung GALA...
4.2.2 JeLLy BeaN for HTC OnE After finally putting the production issues behind it, the HTC flagship managed to gain some serious momentum in the market and the Taiwanese are willing to do everything in their powers to build on it. The company has committed to taking good care of th...
HOW TO TAG MORE THAN 5 FRIENDS IN MOBILE WITH FACEBOOK APPLICATION, TRICK TO TAG MORE THAN 5 FRIENDS IN FACEBOOK APP IN MOBILE A problem we all facing with facebook for the first couple of months is that we can't tag more than 5 friends in our mobile uploads (we can tag using pc). Now i have a trick to tag more than 5 friends using uour mobile. 1. First of all download and install ...
AnDRoiD 4.3 SomE BuGs FounD We have come through the news about issues some users are having with Android 4.3 and the Netflix application.The problem seems to be with a device’s inability to “wake up” if it goes to sleep with the app open.We are not sure how widespread the problem is ...
Nokia Lumia 510 gets a price cut, available online in India for Rs 6,190 Back in December, Nokia launched a budget Windows phone called the Lumia 510. The smartphone has now got a massive price cut and is available on certain India online retail stores for as low as Rs 6,190.The phone is available for Rs. 6,190 on Amazon and Rs....
Vodafone announces new Roaming Pack with reduced incoming call rates Vodafone today announced the launch of a new national roaming plan for its pre-paid customers. This plan will allow Vodafone pre-paid customers to receive incoming calls while roaming on Vodafone network at 30p/minute, across the country. While the outgoing...
Sony Xperia Go GoinG WiD 4.1.2 JeLLy BeaN Sony Mobile had started pushing the new Android 4.1.2 Jelly Bean update wrapped as firmware update for the Sony Xperia Go smartphone. Son...
Samsung Galaxy Note III WiD Snapdragon 800 The latest report coming from Samsung's homeland suggests the next Samsung Galaxy Note III will be powered by Qualcomm's top-notch Snapd...
Samsung Galaxy Y : Getting Minor Software Update Samsung Galaxy Y is one the popular Android (2.3) Gingerbread handsets that can be picked up for under Rs 6,990. Unveiled back in Augus...
Aircel launches Fuccha Pack of Rs. 149 for Delhi college students After Vodafone launched the Campus Pack for college students in Delhi, Aircel followed suit and launched a similar pack for its subscribe...
Airtel and Reliance Jio sign pact for international data connectivity Reliance Jio in an effort to expand its international infrastructure has tied up with Bharti Airtel to share their submarine cables for i...
Airtel free miss call alert and dictionary service for free on AIRTEL Airtel is giving free dictionry and missedcall alert offer free for 3 months......So for word dictionary : you need to send u r desired w...
Enjoy Twitter on Vodafone network To enjoy mobile.twitter.com free, we recommend that you change your APN (Access Point Network) to WWW. To change your APN to WWW, close t...
