Small camera, big dreams: Sony's full-frame Alpha 7 and 7R are here to kill your DSLR
£65 fine for stopping to grab some fish and chips. You bastards!
Small camera, big dreams: Sony's full-frame Alpha 7 and 7R are here to kill your DSLR
The wireless audio pioneer makes a strong play into the $199 speaker market
The longest brush in the world
Tiny sculptures created from pencils and crayons
How he "only" fractured his spine I'll never know.
Been sent guidelines on how to audit a school website and one checklist is "Choose a font that isn't Comic Sans". I like whoever wrote this.
So close to face-planting the train. Idiot cyclists.
Do dreams really come true? Is it really going to happen?
This place has had a closing down sale for three years now.
I won candy on the #googlebirthday doodle! Score: 165
A richer hashtag experience in Google Search The #hashtags you see in Google+ posts are a useful way to discover conversations around a particular topic. In May we added related hashtags to the Google+ stream, turning any post into an opportunity to go deeper and explore what’s interesting to you. Today we’re bringing a richer hashtag experience to Google Search. Here’s how it works: - When you search on Google for a hashtag, say [#AmericasCup] or [#WaterfallWednesday], a set of relevant Google+ posts may appear to the right of regular results. - You’ll only be able to see posts that have been shared publicly or shared with you. - If you click on any of these posts you'll go to Google+, where you'll see the full set of relevant posts. - You'll also see links to search for these hashtags on other social sites. Today's update will be available (initially) to English language users on google.com and google.ca . It’ll be live within the next few hours, so give it a go and let us know what you think. #googleplusupdate
Watching hot shows part deux. Wow I don't remember it being this ridiculous.
Bet they would have blamed the Russians as well!
Visiting places I've been to in GTA5. Very sad for a Friday night, on reflection.
Freeing Quickoffice for everyone Google Apps for Business customers have been using Quickoffice for free for a while, and starting today Quickoffice is available for free to everyone: students, businesses, nonprofits, governments, and consumers -- anyone with a Google Account. With Quickoffice, you can edit Microsoft Office documents across your devices, giving you the freedom to work with anyone no matter what hardware or software they’re using. Plus, it’s integrated with Google Drive storage so you can safely access your files from anywhere. Even better, if you sign in to your Google Account from the new Quickoffice app for Android or iOS by September 26, 2013, an extra 10GB of Google Drive storage will be added to your account in the next few weeks. Download Quickoffice for Android: Download Quickoffice for iPhone and iPad: Note: Users who currently have Quickoffice for Google Apps for Business will be upgraded to the new version, look in your notifications for an update.
Sent by my friend + Philip Lategan The Winning Photo Image from Kruger National Park : South Africa.
Love this.
Google+ Photos is brilliant - search for anything and it'll find it within your photos, just like Google Image Search.
Looks like the latest Google+ update signals the death of Google Latitude. I hope the distance to the Moon bit isn't gonna die. I'm almost there.
Well they've put Locations on the new Google+ Android app and it's not synced with Google Latitude. So I assume it doesn't have long left.
