Sony’s New Mirrorless Cameras: Full-Frame Sensors The Sony Alpha 7R is priced at $2,300 for the body only, while the Alpha 7 will sell for a slightly more-modest $1,700 or $2,000 with a 28-70mm/F3.5-F5.6 kit lens.
Focal Length Simulator cameras' order of importance: LIGHT > LENS > PIXELS/Film/CardRec SIGMA: a visual representation of zoom/cropping with lenses.
Sony’s New Mirrorless Cameras: Full-Frame Sensors The Sony Alpha 7R is priced at $2,300 for the body only, while the Alpha 7 will sell for a slightly more-modest $1,700 or $2,000 with a 28-70mm/F3.5-F5.6 kit lens.
Prince Rupert's Drop Prince Rupert's Drop "The very high residual stress within the drop gives rise to unusual qualities, such as the ability to withstand a blow from a hammer on the bulbous end without breaking, while the drop ...
change is coming and i hear a jingle Disruption guru Christensen: Why Apple, Tesla, VCs, academia may die VCs aiming too high Christensen said he thinks the venture capital w...
Nikola Tesla and the Myth of the Lone Inventor article by: PACIFIC STANDARD “The scientific man does not aim at an immediate result,” he wrote in 1900. “He does not expect that his...
GSF2013: young people thinking outside the box Google Science Fair https://www.googlesciencefair.com/en/2013/ It&#39;s an online science competition, open to students between the ages o...
the GuitarTown mural is finished!! walking tour of the 5 murals, 28 playable guitars and 13 big 10' tall guitars: waukeshaGuitarTown.com
guitarTown phase II; 6 more 10' guitars clear-coated and ready to go. the big unveiling is friday, june 7th!!
this is one f'n sweet site. PDFs will no longer be a nightmare!!
aFrame collaboration, with ryan put'n on the fancy. CSG open tomorrow at 12noon
my new toy. it's a hand-me-down so you know this shit's built to last. craftsman's finest.
burnin' the midnight oil, upgrading studio work space. soon to offer custom flower services/packages!!
free show: live music until 9pm!! - joey leal III - the flyaways
dollar tamales!!!!! i bought 6 tamales, i ate 6 tamales. def a place that can get you two meals worth for $10 (buttercream bakery on w. st. paul ave)
the Clinton St. Gallery's new location!!!!!! grand opening this saturday (art crawl)
just took the google+ tour. this reminds me of a helicopter dash... just start pushing buttons and pulling levers until you're flying in circles
anyone else create a "plus page"??? damn, i was confused enough with the regular google plus profile... i guess it's watching tutorials for the rest of tonight. note: either "ENTER" button does not send messages. click share.
well this is interesting...
