Even more good news about PS4 launch date next month..... now not only am I not getting Watch Dogs, I am also not getting the one full retail game Playstation Plus members were promised would be free on launch date....Thank you for ruining my Next Gen Launch day Sony. U fucking suck....... #ps4 #ps4games #delayed #sony
Even more good news about PS4 launch date next month..... now not only am I not getting Watch Dogs, I am also not getting the one full retail game Playstation Plus members were promised would be free on launch date....Thank you for ruining my Next Gen Launch day Sony. U fucking suck....... #ps4 #ps4games #delayed #sony
Watch Dogs was the only reason for me to buy a PS4 on release date. Now I have a pre-ordered PS4 and no game....
+ Nelson Morales Are those games any good? And by that I mean single player campaigns. I don't care for multiplayer.....
+ Nelson Morales I already pre-ordered that game......it's set to be released in February................unless that shit gets delayed, too!
+ Nelson Morales I have 3 PS4 games already pre-ordered and none of them come out on PS4's launch date. Second Son, Watch Dogs, and Destiny.
+ Sebastian J good point. I will consider doing that rather than cancelling my pre-order. Thanks for the idea.
+ Ruben Rodriguez Not gonna get Assassin's Creed......I'm behind on that series. I need to finish Revelations and I haven't even started AC3.
+ Alex Roque I'm an AC fan, but I'm not interested in getting it right now since I need to catch up on the series......but like yourself, I am not a Battlefield fan nor have I ever played any of the Killzones before. I might get Killzone because of how "sci-fi-ish" it looks, but I'm going to wait until after its released and I read the reviews........Also, I am not a CoD fan either, but the single player campaign trailer looks pretty cool. Idk. I'll wait for the reviews first. For now. I'm just gonna get my PS4 with no games........well, not really......I'm a Playstation Plus member so there will be some free stuff for me there on launch date, but still, I'm not really counting those.......
I love Mark Hamill's voice acting skills for the Joker. And although I am sad to see him retire, his replacement, Troy Baker, is pretty bad ass himself. I'm looking forward to seeing his work. #joker #troybaker #voiceacting
Troy Baker is pretty good. He's got some big shoes to fill though, but I think he'll do fine.
Awesome. About time they did this....... #hangouts
I love video games, but for the life of me I just don't get people who prefer the retro stuff over the modern....... #videogames
That's a relative opinion my friend. I grew up on video games and I do not feel that way. But then again I'm like that about everything. Tech, music, movies, etc.....I just prefer the modern and have no sense of nostalgia.....
I don't like them. Some of them get good reviews, like Hotline Miami, but I just can't get passed that look..........I swear, man. I was born in the wrong era. I should've been born in the late 90s or some shit.....
To each their own, man ...(shrugs)....I'm personally looking forward to my PS4 and seeing to what ends game developers can push a console........PC is still my favorite platform, tho. But I just had to pre-order a PS4. These damn exclusives, man. Fuck. They get me every time.....
Dying to play this on my Nexus 7. It's been out on iOS for a few months now, but the soon tba Android port is supposed to have some improvements. Can't wait! (still wish this had been a PC game and not a mobile game tho) #deusex #squareenix #mobilegaming
Is it just me or is the world now breeding a whole new kind of dumb ass?! I grew up on video games and don't recall this kinda shit while I was growing up. #videogameviolence #dumbass #schoolviolence
Humans need a breeding license.........psychological evals, minimal educational/health requirements, and a genetic screening. Those caught practicing without a license will be fined, have their reproductive organs confiscated, and their off springs sold to military contractors.
Genius. This thing sells itself. I love the stuff they come up with on Etsy. #darkside #lightside #starwars #etsy
And so a new breed of people I have decided to hate has been born...... #hatersgonnahate #likeaboss
Last one had to do it Very Funny but true
Mirror's Edge was fun. Just beat it. Definitely not a game for people who claim FPS games make them dizzy.... #mirrorsedge #pcgames
I've noticed a lot of people "my age" are really into retro and old school stuff. Music. Tech. Film. Video games. Etc. And they bash and hate on the modern..........I don't fucking get it....(scratches head)....I look at all the old school stuff from my past and it all looks cheesy to me now. I hate it all. Well.......not all of it. Most of it......but still..... all the stuff I love now is either modern or coming soon. Am I the only person who doesn't understand nostalgia and admires the changes and advancements I've seen in my lifetime? I have ranted... #rant #idontunderstand
Idk, man. Popeye sailed around the world. That's probably some strain of kush no one here in the U.S. has ever tried........fucking "Sea Weed" or some shit.
That's some wanna be John T Booker shit right there.....
About a month and a half ago I actually dreamt I had a phone this big......and it even fit in my pocket!.........I want one =( #bigassphones
I need a sign like this on the wall right above my desk at work..... ﻿
Just passing along the information...... #legalizeit
Have you ever had a craving for something so bad that you just........this shit in this video? #wtf #securitycameras #rampage
I love the roles this kid picks to play. Abby in Let Me In, Hit-Girl in Kick Ass, and now Carrie in Stephen King's Carrie remake. I never saw the original Carrie, but I'm definitely checking this one out. #chloemoretz #carrie #stephenking
+ F. Diaz o.0........u do know she's only 16, right?......Chloe's a cool kid. I love her acting roles. I just hope she doesn't go all "Miley Cyrus" when she turns 18......
+ Alex Roque never saw the original. And this trailer makes me want to read the book.....
+ F. Diaz Lol! I'm just giving u hard time, man! =P She is a little hottie.......(marks her 18th birthday in his Google Calendar).......
+ Nelson Morales ur the only one whoever +1s these #legalizeit posts of mine........When Florida finally legalizes "medical marijuana" u will not be forgotten!
Got me all the stuff this version is offering already. Got it all from Steams Summer Sale for under 25BUX a few weeks ago. Still tho, this is a bad ass game. I highly recommend it for anyone who hasn't played it yet. Love this game! #borderlands2 #goty
Really need one of these!
I have this sudden urge to install DC Universe Online on my PC, make a Batman character, and name him Ben Affleck....... #dcuniverse #pcgaming #batman #batfleck #mmorpg
I'm actually downloading the game now since its free-to-play! But I bet some one already thought of it and did it, lol!
Knowing me, by the time this game finishes downloading I'll prolly have lost interest.....oh well.
+ Nelson Morales so I actually downloaded DC Universe Online, but idk.....it's a cool game but I don't like the keybinds. Remember how in SWtoR u could click on ur powers at the bottom of the screen? So u'd run around, target someone and just start clicking attacks/powers u had place on the screens HUD. I've played a few PC MMOs and thats how they typically are, but not DCUO. U actually have to press the number its assigned to......so what happens when I unlock about15 - 20 commands? I have to assign a button to each one?! I don't fucking like the keybinds they implemented. Different is not better. Uninstalling. I hope the controls on the PS4 version is better.
+ Nelson Morales Wow, I just read this comment on DCUO's forum. It was posted two years ago and Sony has yet to address it: I'm glad I found this post, as I was hoping I wasn't the only one that had a major problem with the controls. The PC controls DO NOT work like any other MMO. There is no mouse pointer for starters, which I use in EVERY MMO for targeting. You cant move with the mouse, which I also do in every MMO. Fact is, the controls are almost nothing like every other MMO. The controls are the way they are simply because this game is also on PS3. Its like they ported the PS3 version to PC or something as far as the controls go. The mouse is nothing more than a free camera and your attack buttons. It sucks. A gamepad might be fine, but I don't have one and I shouldn't have to get one just to play. Its ridiculous. How hard would it have been to put in an option to move with the mouse and have an on screen mouse pointer? or allow us to remap the attack keys from the mouse buttons. Excuse my frustration in this rant, but I was VERY much looking forward to this title and now I'm totally bummed out. The game looks amazing, and the talent trees look good, but I cant enjoy it at all because of the controls. If there is something anyone who reads this can suggest other than purchasing a gamepad solely for this game, please feel free. Thanks in advance. .......yup. I feel the same and so do many other players. Uninstalling right after this post......
+ Nelson Morales Yup. This one dude I read up on in the same thread said he had actually bought the game before it was free to play. 50BUX. He uninstalled it in less than a week. His only issue was the horrible keybinds Sony implemented in this game. Sony really needs to stick to their Playstation games and leave PC gaming alone......
+ Nelson Morales yeah, same here. I'll try it out on the PS4.
Had a GTA moment while playing Deus Ex: Human Revolution.....a prostitute made some smart ass comment about my augs. In my mind I just thought, "Fuck you!!", but the next thing I knew my character shot her in the back of the head in the middle of a crowded street. Yeah, that didn't work out too well in my favor. So much for stealth.......(shrugs)..... #deusex #squareenix #videogameviolence
+ Nelson Morales This time around I played a little different. Played up to the point where the dlc is supposed to start. Completed the dlc and kept going with the main story. So bad ass. I'm in Panchea right now.
I'm almost done with Deus Ex (and I'm still playing BL2). Gonna skip GTA 5 for now. I REALLY want it for PC. I think I'll jump back on Witcher (1&2) and just finally beat that.
Just beat it (again). Damn, I forgot how good this game is. Shit gets real towards the end!
+ Nelson Morales well.....they kinda did.....but its mobile. Still tho. Shit looks pretty good. Gonna get it and play it on my Nexus 7. It'll be out for Android in September. I think its already available for iOS......I think. Check it out: ....also, u don't play as Jensen. U play as some other cat. And this Deus Ex is a direct continuation of the book Deus Ex: Icarus Effect .......I'ma get it. The book and the game. Fukket.
Another good reason to come back as a cat in my next life.....can't tell u how often I wish I could do this on a daily basis.... #catsareawesome
