Wow. Big time potential game changer right here. If I can replace my D800e/D700 combo with equivalent tiny mirrorless cameras like this... I will be amazingly happy. My RX1r is great, but without phase detect AF it's just never going to be good enough. Now with the 7R, I don't know anymore. I'm hoping the AF is just as good, if so I'm jumping ship.
Wow. Big time potential game changer right here. If I can replace my D800e/D700 combo with equivalent tiny mirrorless cameras like this... I will be amazingly happy. My RX1r is great, but without phase detect AF it's just never going to be good enough. Now with the 7R, I don't know anymore. I'm hoping the AF is just as good, if so I'm jumping ship.
Milky Way over Death Valley Death Valley, Milky way, and a our rental. Had an amazing time shooting the night sky in the closed Death Valley National Park two weekends ago. I wanted more than just the sky, so I used some refections off our rental Ford Taurus to add a little cool factor to it all. More on my blog:
39/52 Food Break Alright, so this shot was taken by my secondary... but I'm going to pretend it counts since he was second shooting for me during the wedding shoot. I get so hungry during a wedding. Barely a break, I usually have to sneak away during the reception.
39/52 Food Break Alright, so this shot was taken by my secondary... but I'm going to pretend it counts since he was second shooting for me during the wedding shoot. I get so hungry during a wedding. Barely a break, I usually have to sneak away during the reception.
Before and After One of the more dramatic before/after comparisons I've put together. This photo was taken with an old (and previously saltwater submerged) D700 too. All this photo got was + Adobe Photoshop Lightroom 's brightness and white balance adjustments. Then I played around with hues and tones for a minute and boom. I doubt this would've been possible without shooting in RAW.
+ Samuel Kazee yeah that camera body has gone through a lot! + Henning von Vogelsang I've never used Aperture so I'm not too sure. I think it's good too.
I'm heading to Montreal 10/18 to 10/27! Mostly to visit my sister, but will definitely be looking to catch some sunsets and connect with photographers and friends in the area. Let me know! I'm staying in the Plateau-Mont-Royal area, a block from Saint Louis square.
Vertical #weddingphotography It's usually tough to satisfy any expectation in photography, especially from clients, but the challenge is always exciting. This particular couple wanted to be featured in StyleMePretty. I've been featured once before as a second shooter, but the trends of the photos that are featured vary slightly from my own style. For instance, they tend to like portrait oriented photos, rather than landscape. My style has always been landscape orientation... but maybe not because I like it better, but because I'm used to it from being lazy and not wanting to turn my camera sideways. So this wedding, along with other things, I tasked myself to shoot more vertical than anything else. It's growing on me...
Minister or not, he's a complete jerk. Ruined the ceremony for everyone. The photographers weren't even in the way. Why is he so angry? If I were the couple I'd be pissed at the officiant.
my entire google+ feed is a freaky looking white dog jumping.
Diablo Another shot of Diablo this morning. #fire #sunrise
Diablo Burns at Sunrise Got up for sunrise to shoot this timelapse on the iPhone of the Mount Diablo fire. #iphoneography #diablo #mountdiablo #diablofire
36/52 New hoodies I love wearing hoodies. They're super comfortable and I can lounge all day in them. This is a new one made specifically for Y Combinator founders.
Coffee with Kim What an inspiration to meet with such a creative/talented photographer and an all around wonderful person. Check out her work:
Lazy Saturdays with Melissa. More like procrastinating on editing wedding photos, but hey, the light's too nice in my home office to skip. Barely an edit, shot with the Sony RX1-R
Sophia A few weeks ago, I went hunting for some good light with Sophia. We found some just above the clouds on Mount Tamalpais. Here's a few preview photos. Much more to come. See more on my blog soon: #portrait #portraitphotography
+ Henning von Vogelsang I used Lightroom and my own presets I've been working on for years. I have a few slight controls I integrated from VSCO, so that might be what you see.
Sophia A few weeks ago, I went hunting for some good light with Sophia. We found some just above the clouds on Mount Tamalpais. Here's a few preview photos. Much more to come. See more on my blog soon: #portrait #portraitphotography
+ Nicholas Rumas thanks man! it's a great location for sure.
Stacie Inspiring is probably the closest word I can come up with for describing hanging out and photographing Stacie. Day after photographing an epic wedding at The London in West Hollywood, I met up with Stacie for brunch and a trip to a beach in Malibu. Her hawaiian accent, fun personality, and ability to endure a bee sting, made for some fun portraits with the new Sony RX1-R and iPhone. Later we met up with my good friends Pete and Polly. We ended up doing a bunch of night photography around Venice. I’ll post more from the night soon! More on my blog #sonyrx1r #iphoneography
Lightroom 5 Download Took forever for me to find the way to download the Lightroom 5 trial. I'm going to buy a license for it soon anyway, but their website never took me to the right pages. Here's the final link: https://www.adobe.com/cfusion/tdrc/index.cfm?product=photoshop_lightroom&promoid&promoid=DTEML
wedding at the london #iphoneography I had the honor to shoot Joann and Derek's wedding yesterday. You may have seen the engagement photos from earlier this year. Here are two quick iPhone shots I did in the hotel.
Outside Lands 2013 I photographed for Paypal last weekend at the Outside Lands 2013 concert in San Francisco. I was only covering Sunday, but saw some amazing artists. Here are a few outtakes from the day. I've never had the means to attend these kinds of concerts before, and in concerts I've been to previously, I've really only was able to sit in the very far back, so this was kind of ethereal for me. Huge props to the producers, organizers, and everyone for shuttling me around everywhere I needed, and to the amazing + PayPal team for getting everything together for the photos. Biggest shoutouts to + Andi Teggart David and Chad. The photos I was doing was all mobile iPhone photography, which was an awesome challenge and a first. Check out my instagram feed and Paypal's for the results!
32/52 - Lighting I've been struggling with a new light setup, so tonight I dedicated 3 hours to getting it right. I have a wedding to shoot this coming weekend, so thank goodness I figured out all the settings. My light setup is 4x Yongnuo YN622n transcievers, 2x SB-910, light stands, 24"x24" soft boxes, triggered by two nikon cameras (d800e, d700). Anyway, having no models at hand tonight, and after having gone through a few months of rigorous work outs, I decided to just make this exercise this week's 52 submission. I've been eating a bit less than usual, and doing daily exercises. 3 times a week I have been doing bootcamp and personal training to burn at least 1000 calories during those sessions. it's hard work, but it feels pretty good.
31/52 - Hawaii Every year, I try to work remotely at least 4 times for a few days. I haven't missed going to Hawaii for awhile until last year (when my company I started was acquired, I had too much to do to work remotely). This year I made it happen! I am somehow stimulated and inspired when I work out of the usual routine and environment. I actually get a lot more work done (believe it or not), and have done some of my best when on a beach or lanai. A few factors that help - I don't have all this housework and chores to keep up with every day - I don't commute the same way, so it's stimulating the mind if I'm walking around some beautiful beach to grab lunch - I'm not distracted by every day office stuff - I manage a lot of people and product things, so being out of the office lets me focus. One reason why I can't work remotely forever is because of all this management I need to do. But once in awhile it's good to get that all put away so I can concentrate on other tasks. - I feel like I want to prove everyone wrong, that I can actually get hella shit done when I'm in hawaii. And it's been proven every time. I'm not just in hawaii to vacation and look around. I usually stay with a friend or in this case, stayed at a hotel with a lanai so I could work off of it every day. Free / fast wifi is a must for what I do. Then I had bootcamp / personal training sessions every day, meetups with a few photo friends, and basically just lived as if I was living in the area, rather than there to just watch and tour. I got more done in the 5 days I was in Hawaii than in the 2 weeks before I left, and I got a crazier workout than I've had any given day this year. (burned 1000 calories a day at least, definitely fought nausea most of that time as well). Once in awhile I'd just lay out on the beach after work or after a good workout session. It's great here. I can't wait to get back.
+ Lotus Carroll heavy ass cameras these days, great workout ;)
hawaii #iphoneography Basically only shot iPhone the whole trip!
Selling a few things! Dell 24" UltraSharp 2408WFP (just like new) - $100 Sony RX1 - all original hardware (lightly used) - $2000 Feisol CT-3301 Carbon Fiber Tripod w/ Center Column + bag (used) - $250 Feisol CM-1401 Monopod w/ bag (brand new) - $100 Manfrotto 327RC2 Joystick Ballhead w/ Quick Release (used) - $150 Photoflex 45" Convertible Umbrella UM-RUT45 (brand new) - $30 Would love to sell it to someone on FB first before going to craigslist or ebay! I'll ship or meetup with ya
+ Timothy Girard It's been bittersweet. But in the end, she wasn't good enough for me. Just when I thought I was happy, I became distracted and realized that my commitment was immature. So yeah, I decided to put the RX1 up for sale. Oh, and also the RX1-R is on it's way to my house now ;)
+ Henner Zeller I love you guys more ;) hehehe
The Dip Sneak peek of a shot from Chao and Ben's wedding last weekend. Much more to come! I have to cull through a ton more photos. Excited to get + tim mak 's set as well and process them all for the couple
Working from HI I've built up some insane super power to get more work done when I'm working remotely from really nice places. It seems counterintuitive and a big fat lie, but let me tell you how I do it. Instead of binging on vacation days and doing one huge hurrah a year, I just barely take any days off and instead keep a consistent pattern of working remotely. If you haven't been outside your office in a year, of course you'll go bat shit crazy at the first sight of a mai tai on the beach. But if you're kind of used to traveling and getting out of your usual routine, it's almost more exciting and interesting to get your work done. I also have a slight obsession of proving that work / career and getting things done doesn't equate to torture and hardship. I refuse to lead a sucky life. What I want is to work on something that makes what I love better, while enjoying my surroundings in a simple manner. I also value responsibility and accountability. I would never do this if I knew I wouldn't be able to come through on my work. Sure, the first few times I failed miserably at the first sip of a rum filled Mai Tai, but it's only gotten better since then. Enjoy your life, get stuff done. I'll be doing morning (5am) beach bootcamp workout sessions every morning, then working the rest of the day. I'll definitely make it out for sunset photos though. I'll take a day off on the weekend to go explore with my camera. If you're in Oahu and wanna meetup for some sunset photos let me know! Photo taken a few years ago on a lunch break!
Interview on Snapwire Snapwire just posted an interview I did with them on my mobile photography. Featuring some of my recent photos and photos by the talented + Melissa Tạ + Anna-Marie P and + Tony Cross Still waiting on trying out their service, but their focus on photographers is very promising!
Golden Diablo Sunrise and power lines.
Golden Spending time amongst the beautiful golden grasses of Mount Tamalpais is an amazing experience. The golden hour before sunset just highlights the ridiculous qualities of the landscape. Had a great time exploring a new spot on Mount Tam with Lawrence and Tony (pictured). The best part of photography isn’t just making photos, but making some of the best friends you’ll ever have. Sharing moments like this will never be forgotten.
mobile photography Some of my latest taken and processed purely on my iPhone. #iphoneography
Tip of the mountain, an island in a sea of clouds More on the blog:
Facebook It's tragic, I've neglected my Google+ account for far too long. I'll start keeping up more by getting your photos into my new project ( priime.com ), but posting here will still be a bit slower than what I have on Facebook. Yes, Facebook quality is not as great, but only a few of my photography friends are on Google+, whereas ALL of my photography friends on Google+ are actually also on Facebook to some degree. Anyway, with Prime ( priime.com ), I'll be able to see and like all your photos! If you guys want, shoot me a Facebook follow:
Worth it? 2 hours of sleep, steep trail run at 5am, for this? Yeah. Any day.
Envelop 2 minutes later, the fog came up and ate the world. Grizzly Peak, Berkeley, CA
Emily Wright The story of how I met this girl starts in the small town of Búðir in Iceland, and continues three months later here on another island, Treasure Island in the San Francisco bay. Compassion and saving the world is what she is all about. And I believe it. Follow her on Instagram and Twitter
