Sony Xperia Z1 and Z Ultra software update brings camera, display and battery life improvements!
iPad Owns 91% Of Tablet Ad Impressions [STUDY] - Both Samsung and Apple companies are leading the best marketing selling in the whole world wide. Either you are an Android user or an Apple fanboy, probably you should check the following study from State of Mobile report. According to a new study made by State of Mobile, new numbers out today show Apple's iOS is trouncing Google and it is the iPad that's leading the way. Indeed, the Apple tablet was the target of more...
Rumour: No Larger Battery Option For The Nexus 5 - This Nexus 5 really needs to get released. For the past few days all the tech sites, ours included, have been flooded with Nexus 5 news and rumours which, while fun to read and ponder, need to finally get put to bed with an announcement. Nevertheless, we still have no official announcement but we... Rumour: No Larger Battery Option For The Nexus 5 is a post from: Android in Canada Blog The post Rumour: No Larger Battery...
This Video Shows How Apple Can Read Your iMessages - Yesterday we heard a lot of reports and rumors claiming that researchers have successfully intercepted iMessage exchanges Apple felt compelled to issue a written statement reiterating the company's stance that it can't read any one's iMessage even if it wanted to because it doesn't have access to the public keys used to encrypt communication (AES, RSA, and ECDSA algorithms). The assumed interception message allows ...
Nexus 5 Makes A Brief Appearance On US Google Play Store - We're still waiting on an official announcement for the Nexus 5 and Android 4.4 but something very interesting happened yesterday. For a brief period of time yesterday, the Nexus 5 popped up on the Google Play Store in the US. It was removed shortly after but we did gain a few pieces of information... Nexus 5 Makes A Brief Appearance On US Google Play Store is a post from: Android in Canada Blog The post Nexus 5...
Google sending out invites for October 24th Google Play event
Nexus 5 retail packaging leak suggests the existence of a white variant
Apple Begins Decorating The Yerba Buena Center For October 22nd iPad Keynote
Future Xperia phones could charge wirelessly in less than an hour
HTC’s Global VP of PR leaves just four months after joining the company
New theory pegs the KitKat release date to be October 21st - Yesterday, a theory from Pocket Lintpegged the Nexus 5 and Android 4.4 KitKat release date to be October 28th. Now, another theory suggests that Google will be unveiling the Nexus 5 and KitKat as soon as on 21st October. Apparently, Continue reading The post New theory pegs the KitKat release date to be October 21st appeared first on TechGreatest.
Nexus 5 page accidentally goes live on the Play Store; Confirms name and pricing!
New iPhone 5s Printed Ad: "Your Finger Is The Password" - On September 10 Apple introduced two new iPhones. But since this date Apple hasn't aired a single television commercial or published a video ad to promote the flagship iPhone 5s. Instead, all of Apple's advertising activities to date have centered around the colorful iPhone 5c, ostensibly because the company is having lots of issues fulfilling iPhone 5s demand. We all know that Tim Cook the CEO of Apple is expa...
Asphalt 8: Airborne Goes Free As Apple’s App Of The Week - Listen up iPhone gamers and those people who love hot racing games. Apple has just made the well known racing game Asphalt 8: Airborne as the App of the week. This means that in the next seven days you will be able to download Asphalt 8: Airborne for free on your iPhone/iPad and iPod Touch. Asphalt 8, which as the name suggests is the eighth installment in the popular racing series, made its debut in late Augu...
Fido Will Be Adding The Moto X To Their Lineup Soon! - The Moto X is, in my opinion, one of the most unique devices so far in 2013. Did it have the best processor in the world? No. Did it have the best screen in the world? No. Did it have the best construction in the world? Maybe? But I'd probably still give that to... Fido Will Be Adding The Moto X To Their Lineup Soon! is a post from: Android in Canada Blog The post Fido Will Be Adding The Moto X To Their Lineup Soon!...
SwiftKey’s New Beta Keyboard Looks To Rule All Devices - I'm always on the hunt for the next best keyboard. For the last couple of years I have been primarily switching back and forth between Swype and SwiftKey. I'd throw on a new keyboard here and there but those two have generally been my go to's. I've primarily been using Swype as of late... SwiftKey's New Beta Keyboard Looks To Rule All Devices is a post from: Android in Canada Blog The post SwiftKey's New Beta Keyb...
Twitter Looking Into Releasing A Standalone Direct Messaging App
LG G2 Now Available At WIND And Videotron - Good news for those of you on WIND and Videotron as another high end flagship phone has made it to your carrier. Both carriers have just added the LG G2 to their lineup. What does the G2 bring to the table? Well here's the specs: 5.2 1080p Display 2.26 GHz Quad-Core Snapdragon 800 Processor... LG G2 Now Available At WIND And Videotron is a post from: Android in Canada Blog The post LG G2 Now Available At WIND And Videotron app...
Galaxy Note 3 Receiving Minor Software Update - I'm currently testing out the new Samsung Galaxy Note 3 and yesterday night I was met with a pleasant little surprise, a software update! The update is pretty small, just 21.10MB, and based on the log it really doesn't bring anything new to the table. It's just your everyday bug fix and improved stability... Galaxy Note 3 Receiving Minor Software Update is a post from: Android in Canada Blog The post Galaxy Note 3 Receivin...
Motorola releases iCloud Migration tool for ex-iPhone owners buying a Moto X
Samsung accepts region-locking has been a failure but refuses to remove it
LG G Pad 8.3 is now available in the United States for $349 - Back in September, LG announced a new tablet powered with a Snapdragon S600 processor the G Pad 8.3. However, at the time of its announcement, the company did not mention anything about its pricing or release date. Now, more Continue reading The post LG G Pad 8.3 is now available in the United States for $349 appeared first on TechGreatest.
Google to unveil the Nexus 5 and Android 4.4 KitKat on October 28?
Amazon Kindle Fire HDX up for pre-order in Canada and the U.K.
Next Play Store for Android update will include a slide-out navigation drawer
Check out these iPad event ewallpapers from talented artists
Apple to hold london live stream of October 22 event for outside partners
No HTC One Max For Canada - Sad news phablet fans. After sharing with you yesterday about the HTC One Max, I heard back from our HTC contact who informed me that Canada is not one of the destinations for HTC's upcoming phablet. This disappointing news was followed up by a statement from HTC that was sent to MobileSyrup: HTC devices... No HTC One Max For Canada is a post from: Android in Canada Blog The post No HTC One Max For Canada appeared first on Android in Canada B...
