I wanted to get points from the Sony online store, but I couldn't hold out any longer at that price...
Chalk up another fail for MS. A lot of shit they said they'd do just isn't going to happen day 1 or even shortly after. Whoopsie... I don't really give a shit about this issue, but apparently there are many of those that do.
Oh shit... Windows 8.1 is available on the Windows Store. Best of all it is FREE if you have Windows 8 already installed. The updated is essentially a service pack with the features, but it does download the whole installation (3.4GB) to install the feature updates.
I wanted to get points from the Sony online store, but I couldn't hold out any longer at that price...
All in one place... If anyone finds more of their comical music videos post the link in comments. Thanks.
Another Ylvis video... Got no clue what the hell they're saying, but it's a catchy tune. These Vikings are some goofy bastards. LoL Watch their talk show on the tvnorge channel. Some parts are english.
6th favorite Ylvis... That completes my "Top 6" Ylvis list. Most people Have a "Top 10" or "Top 5" list, but to hell all that jazz...
My 4th favorite Ylvis... As I stated earlier this was nearly a tie for 3rd...
My 3rd favorite Ylvis... It was definitely a tough decision between this one and the 4th...
My favorite Ylvis... I +'d this one a couple of weeks ago.
A coworker once referred to a drink of Ardbeg was as if you were drinking a well used fireplace = very smoky. Well if you like a bit of peat smoke to your scotch this one is for you. Quite a bit too much for my taste. James, this one's for you. LoL
Unfortunately these types of types of cameras require some local storage unless you're paying for there cloud storage. If there's no quota or control mechanism via management software then yes you could eat a lot of space if you don't regularly maintain the captured videos or pictures. I actually have some DLink Wi-Fi cameras writing to a Synology NAS which has a surveillance server built-in. I've limited my solution to capture after motion is sensed, allow it to store only up to 20GB of data, and overwrite files as necessary. Don't know how well this camera system works or if would be supported via my NAS. Best of luck if you try it. Research first as there are many solutions.
Look out Google: Disconnect says its no-track search tool is taking off
sort of... they have add-ons to both Firefox and Chrome that do similar to Chrome's native incognito mode. That said the real point of this one wasn't about the browser add-ons, but an actual search engine similar to Google. Just cause you used Incognito mode or similar on your browser doesn't mean that your searches run on Google.com weren't archived somewhere at the Big G. Even if it was only for statistics that don't directly relate to an individual it's still a tracking mechanism. Big deal, right? Well I haven't myself completely gone down that rabbit hole to understand what disconnect is really all about. For what it is worth "Disconnect" is engineered by an ex-Google and an ex-NSA contractor or so that claim has been lain... Does this mean they have expertise on many of the tracking mechanisms in place today? Probably... My whole point this post was simply to highlight it as an interesting story to keep an eye on. I am by no means endorsing this a solution to enhance one's privacy. It could all be just a ruse to gain peoples trust. Now that would be interesting... LoL
I'm fresher than a popsicle. This guy does a great Family Guy voices rap... Thanks go to T-Bone!!! for the link.
Another cool FREE app from Google.
At first glance I was thinking WTF, but as thought more about the possible control schemes I think I'm going to like if not love this controller.
Really? That's what hackers look like? Dressed in all black with a black Zoro mask? We'll I think in all my days I've never seen any hackerz walkin' around. In fact the only ones I've ever seen are Zoro and Don Juan. Wait, is the Zoro mask a requirement or an option? If you see any of these guys (or girls) running around please let us know by posting a photo with the location attached. People need to steer clear...
Doesn't rain usually go away when use the wipers? Oh wait, maybe all the raindrops moved from the dirty parts of my car to the cleanly wiped window. Yeah that's it...
Oh the memories... I'm surprised the phone hasn't gotten longer again... https://plus.google.com/101225248507693552667/posts/euTfP4CtRC4
Ever want to see the latest technology, video games and entertainment information and have a slice of bacon too? You're in luck (click read more). is so old school. Try adding a slice: LMAO! Thanks go out to CornBread for the bacolicio.us ref...
Oh yeah the new Pentium MMX... LoL
Cool, I never knew you could "Auto Ass" ESXi hosts. Yeah, I know what they mean, but I've got a mental governor that limits my ability to act my actual age... LoL
Very interesting if this actually works well for remote play from PS4.
Downside is the max resolution is 1080i. Issue when using remote play from a PS4...
It is a pretty cool game. I only wish it had cross platform (consoles, PC, and Mac), but maybe with the release of PS4 & Xbox One that'LoL change in the near future...
A great sandwich is even better when you substitute bread for a piece of garlic naan. It can even upgrade an average ham and Swiss cheese sandwich to fantastic.
FREE AVG Internet Security 3x PC 1 Year Subscription ($69.99 value) I have an unopened / unactivated box copy. AVG subscriptions are good no matter what edition purchased for a full year from the moment activated for the current version of the product (i.e. 2014). To receive this copy simply click +1, follow me, and be the first person to comment stating "I WANT IT!!!" Be sure to comment first before clicking follow or you might lose... disclaimer: comment must be exactly as written above to win.
I was cleaning up from a move and found this item. Although I like this AVG product I now prefer BitDefender Total Security. I have no use for the subscription and wish to provide it someone in need of a good client security solution.
+ Miroslav Kovac almost... You've got 2 of the 3 requirements... Actually after a refresh I noticed you did get it. stand by for a message via hangouts containing the key.
Interesting, but I'm not sure if I like this...
Yeah, I think I have the right to actually shit my pants now... I feel like I just saw some pigs fly. Why the hell is this a game? Hold on... I've gotta run to the toilet before the "shock and awe" campaign begins... Wait, what?...
Yes, yes they are indeed falling. The last Wii game I bought was Skyward Sword which was the only game in a 2 year period. I bought a Wii U Deluxe edition with the newest Super Mario Bros. and haven't played it since launch. I've lost all interest as aren't any games on Wii U that make me even slightly interested in purchasing there instead of PS3. They are failing with the eShop in regard to digital purchases as well. They need to take note of how Sony runs their PlayStation store. Key in on how digital downloads are available on multiple consoles and handhelds. Perhaps Nintendo will end up as a handheld only company...
soon you will be mine, but I hope not to end up stuck with purple...
I miss these sooooooo much! The stopped serving this on base in Korea during Pumpkin Spice Latte season... Started keeping with the Korean seasonal flavors peppermint latte and such...
I guess this is what you call a scooter for adults.
Chalk up another fail for the launch window of the Xbox One...
Cool stuff if you intend to stream beyond the built in capabilities of the PS4 or Xbox One.
Some of this stuff I don't really care about, but call history is bit overboard in my opinion. Android apps do warn you with a lot of the items the application can access. Most people just ignore and accept. me2day - doesn't respect your privacy. Find out what apps do behind your back with Privacy Advisor for Android
The moment is coming for me to decide between the "Xperia Z Ultra" and the to be released "Xperia Z1" phones...
