Are you in the market for a new camera? Sony has announced the arrival of their "Beastly and Beautiful A7 And A7R Full-Frame Mirrorless Cameras"... What do you think?!
Are you looking for news, views and information for your photography business? Have a read of our blog. Comment, converse and let us know what you think. We want to hear your feedback!
Are you in the market for a new camera? Sony has announced the arrival of their "Beastly and Beautiful A7 And A7R Full-Frame Mirrorless Cameras"... What do you think?!
Here's a handy "Workflow & Productivity Guide"... Now that you know what's important for productivity in your photography business and you've prioritised your workflow, check out Blacksnow Studios, it's your online tool to productivity and can help you manage the business of your photography business.
While you're planning for your photography business, organisation is essential. Read our latest blog to find out how being organised can help you get more work....
If today's plan is to plan for your photography business, read these "5 Critical Elements" for a photography business plan.
If you haven't watched the Blacksnow video yet, see it here. And why not check out the video about Finance, Calendars, Contacts and Quotes too for an insight into how Blacksnow works for your business.
The Oct/Nov of The Societies 'Professional Imagemaker' magazine is out now and we've got a shiny new ad in it, right next to The Societies stunning ad. So proud!
"Lies photography clients tell you"... a post from Steel Toe Images. The key message we took from this post is to carefully identify the clients you are willing to work with and develop a method to communicate to this audience. Read through the comments for some further scenarios, thoughts and tips.
The Photographers Collective is currently showcasing their Collective 3 exhibition at the Out of the Blue Drill Hall in Edinburgh. The exhibition features work from the founding members as well as works from The Collective's newest members Ronnie Baxter, Eoin Carey and Robert Ormerod. The exhibition runs until October 18.
There are even more chances to get your photos seen and your talent recognised. Submit your entry today for the SWPP Togetherness – Photography Competition. The closing date for entries is October 31
A wise man said, "Look deeply into your life. If you don't see significance you need to learn to see. Photography can help you." (Damon Guy, Netkonnexion)
Because "happy people plan actions, they don't plan results," what will you plan for this week to make you happy?
And here is a bit of calm for your Sunday morning with some beautiful minimalist photos from French photographer Laura Vanzo.
Have you tried Pressgram? This is a great iOS app which has maneuvered iteself over Instagram. To enhance productivity and allow for on the go website updates, users can post directly to multiple WordPress sites from the app. The 'Best Camera' preset is an added feature that neatly organises images and captions straight onto your site. Watch the video for some great ideas.
Are you a cog in the Wonderful Machine?Find out how you can become part of a network of searchable photographers
Well you don't see this everyday: pics of ballet dancers 'leaping' through everyday situations. This would certainly cause a bit of a stir on the streets of our city! If you have any bounding photos, dancer or not, share them with us. Take a leap of faith and see where it gets you!
We read today that the Rock N Roll Bride got married again! Don't worry, it's a second wedding with her husband, Gareth, awwww. And guess where they got married? Yip, the Photography Farm. So we thought we'd mosey over to see what else is happening on the Farm. The Photography Farm Elements workshop is happening later this month. This is great for those in the wedding photography business. More details are available on the website so sign-up today. The first weekend has already sold out!
Get your friends, families and clients voting later this month in the Wedding Ideas Awards 2014. Voting opens October 30th. Maybe you'll get nominated!
Be a professional photographer with principles: do not respond to adds like this! Remember you are worth it. click through to the, "why they certainly don’t charge too much" for a reminder why.
If you're catching up on blog posts, don't forget to read the results of our focus group with photographers & clients ow.ly/pbPLW
Who's in the Blacksnow spotlight today? It's travel photographer Michelle Deans from M D Harding Travel Photography. From cruises to Peru, read about her journey.
The BIPP provides opportunity for photographers across the UK to get involved in its events, whether it be training, education, qualification or support. Check their website for ones coming up in your area.
In our latest blog post, Laura Carroll writes about what we discovered from our recent focus group event. We talked to photographers and clients and found out what really works for them. We talk quotes, collaboration, feedback, recommendations and relationships. We got the dialogue started; let's keep it going...
From Psychology for Photographers: how to get buyers to give your product worth even before they buy.
PHOTOGRAPHERS: where do you keep your contacts? Did you know that Blacksnow is a platform for your contacts, diary and so much more?
Here are '4 Things Being a Bride Taught Me about Wedding Photography' from Pretty Presets. Sometimes it really does take one to know one...
To profit and protect... How Facebook, Flickr and Instagram become money makers for photographers
Will the rumours be true? They're Nikon Rumors so it's very possible they are. Read their latest blog post to see what to buy next.
In our latest blog, Tom Cairns, of Tom Cairns Photography, shares some insight into brand identity, positioning and many more useful business practices for photography businesses.
It's more than nice! This is beautifully powerful photojournalism from internationally respected, Nigerian-born George Osodi. What subjects and images move you and drive you towards your passion? It's Nice That shares some exceptional images from a variety of artforms. This is one of the awe-inspiring!
**Attention wedding and portrait photographers** The SWPP Beautiful Brides Competition is accepting entries. Enter your submissions before the end of the month for your chance to win * 12 month membership to any of their Societies * entry to all of their membership only competitions * unrestricted access to their members photography forum * listing in their directory * image mentoring * qualifications and distinctions through submission of images * 12 month subscription to Professional Imagemaker
RT @parislemon: That sound you hear is the sound of a million iOS developers rushing to get those iOS 7 updates finished in time.
Blacksnow put photographer and writer Julie Broadfoot in the spotlight to discuss photography, penguins and perfection. You can find out more about Julie at www.juliebee.co.uk
And don't forget to start your free 14 day trial of #Blacksnow to improve your #photography #business #productivity
Not for pros! Sony, stinging the market with some new photo toys
Sony's new lens for cameraphones comes onto the market at a time when digital camera sales are down. Does this mean competition for professional photographers as well as digital camera manufacturers?
Anyone done something like this, like an image a day or a song a day? 365 days. 365 costumes. That's #dedication
The voice of your profession wants your submissions. Photographers across the UK have the opportunity to win various awards from the BIPP. Access category and deadline details here and take advantage of your chance to be considered. Good luck!
Looking forward to 'focusing' with some wonderful associates today @sygnbarsays
