Sony Pictures to Produce Netflix's Next Big Show - Netflix's next big drama, a psychological thriller series from the creators of Damages, will be made by Sony Pictures the first major studio to create a series for Netflix, following its recent success with AMC's Breaking Bad. According to co-executive producers Todd Kessler, Daniel Zelman and Glenn Kessler, the yet-unnamed 13-episode series "centers on a family of adult siblings whose secrets and scars are revealed wh...
Is Reposted Content the Secret to More Page Views? - The conventional wisdom among online publishers and creators is that volume equals traffic. The more content, the more clicks and page views. The problem is that in our 24-hour news cycle culture, outlets content has a short shelf life. See also: Repost.Us Gives Publishers an Easy Way to Syndicate Articles Online Are embeddable reposts the answer to this conundrum? A new counterintuitivereportfrom a 6 month-old startu...
Google Beats Q3 Earnings, Stock Jumps Above $900 - Google beat earnings and revenue estimates for the third quarter, sending the stock soaring back above $900 a share in after hours trading The search giant reported earnings of $10.74 per share on revenue of $14.89 billion for the September quarter, beating Wall Street estimates for earnings per share of $10.34 on revenue of $14.8 billion. See also: 14 Google Tools You Didn't Know Existed "Google had another strong quar...
One year after Sandy, mini-drones seen as storm warning solution
20 Twitter Resources for Job Hunters - Social media is becoming an increasingly viable hiring tool for major companiesLinkedIn may be the most obvious digital platform for job seekers, but Twitter is beginning to make a name for itself as a recruitment resource as well. Earlier this year, Twitter and NPR hosted a live chat about using Twitter in a job search. They advised creating a Twitter bio and profile image that convey your personality and career goals, using hasht...
FACTBOX: Twitter lists on NYSE; Revenues double - In a defeat for the Nasdaq, Twitter announced it is listing its IPO on the NYSE. Twitter also says it more than doubled its quarterly revenues to $168 million in the latest quarter. Factbox. No reporter narration.
Twitter to List With the New York Stock Exchange - Twitter is snubbing Nasdaq for the New York Stock Exchange. The company on Tuesday disclosed plans to list with the NYSE rather than the tech-friendly Nasdaq, whose botched handling of the Facebook IPO last year led to a $10 million fine See also: How Much Is Twitter Worth? Twitter's $1 billion IPO is said to be slated for Nov. 15 The updated filing also revealed that Twitter added 11.7 million monthly users in the thir...
12 Signs It's Time to Hire a CMO - There comes a point in every startup's growth when the founding team has to shift from MVP mode to growth mode quickly. A chief marketing officer (CMO) can make a big difference in terms of customer acquisition and strategic marketing But how do you know it's finally time to bring in C-level marketing talent? And is it necessary to hire a CMO, or can a founder assume that role? See also: 10 Pioneering Women Changing the Field of Commun...
"VoicE" helps the blind 'see' with their ears - Oct. 14 - Researchers at the University of Bath in England have developed a technology that transforms images of objects into sounds for the blind. They say their device, called the vOICe system, offers an effective, non-invasive solution to help the blind navigate their environment. Jim Drury went to see it first hand.
Sony Pictures to Produce Netflix's Next Big Show - Netflix's next big drama, a psychological thriller series from the creators of Damages, will be made by Sony Pictures the first major studio to create a series for Netflix, following its recent success with AMC's Breaking Bad. According to co-executive producers Todd Kessler, Daniel Zelman and Glenn Kessler, the yet-unnamed 13-episode series "centers on a family of adult siblings whose secrets and scars are revealed wh...
We definitely have to look at increasing our government spending regarding mental healthcare. We need practical solutions.
9 Excellent Facebook Pages You Should 'Like' - Facebook isn't just for your high school friends and celebs promoting their next movie Even though Facebook profiles seem to be split into two groups brands trying to advertise and people trying to socialize there's a third type of account on Facebook that deserves some attention See also: 20 Things Your Most Annoying Friends Do on Facebook In fact, some of our favorite accounts on Facebook are projects and ideas that uti...
Top 25 Digital Media Resources This Week - We know you've had a busy week, and that sometimes you don't have the time to read all of our tech tips and tricks. But since we love our readers so much, we want to make sure that they're well informed So if you missed some tech tips this weekend, don't worrywe've got you covered. We've rounded up the top 25 Mashable digital media resources for your convenience. Skim through for even more iOS 7 secret features and a complete h...
How to Nail Your Entry-Level Job Search - You've got a 4.0, created the perfect resume and established a flawless network of connections, but it takes a lot more than these things to gain the attention of employers. Today, more than ever before, competition is fierce in the entry-level job market. As an entry-level job seeker, you've got to go above and beyond to outshine other job applicants. There's no magic formula for catching the attention of every employer, but th...
We now offer business consulting services in partnership with OHUB Atlanta. If you or someone you know needs business help, advice, or workspace... let us know.
Yahoo Acquires Bread, and Now the URL Shortener Is Toast - Yahoo has acquired Bread, a URL shortener whose links included interstitial ads designed by the person who shortened them. The service has shut down as of Friday in the wake of the deal. Bread (aka "Bre.ad") posted the news on its website this evening. Although the service and its products Bread Social and Bread Oven have been shut down, all shortened Bread URLs will remain active until Nov. 11, CEO Alan Chan ...
Why Equity Crowdfunding Isn't a Threat to Venture Capital | Entrepreneur.com
Inside Square's Massive New San Francisco Headquarters - Mobile payment company Square is growing fast Over the past year Square has doubled in size from 300 to 600 employees. The company is aggressively hiring more people, with plans to grow even bigger in the coming months. See also: 11 Tips and Tricks for Spotify Power Users Square's massive new 150,000 square foot space is approximately three times the space of its previous location, and has room for 1,000 people ...
Magazines Experiment With New Kinds of Paywalls - A la carte paywalls have been in vogue with magazine publishers lately. In July, Esquire put a $1.99 paywall around a nearly 10,000-word investigative story, "The Prophet" by Luke Dittrich. In a note about the paywall, David Granger, Esquire's editor in chief (pictured above), explained that the story took months to produce and that such journalism doesn't come cheap. Sports Illustrated also began testing a new variety ...
Reuters on the Road: TransferWise takes on banking titans - Oct. 11 - Send money abroad for less – TransferWise co-founder Taavet Hinrikus takes Reuters taxi challenge to explain how.
Move Over, Sephora: Amazon Launches a Luxury Beauty Store - I've have long wondered why Amazon, which has long been buying against high-end beauty brands on Google, didn't carry those brands itself. Today, I got my answer: The company was working on it. Amazon unveiled a new section within its giant catalog on Thursday, a Luxury Beauty Store. There, shoppers can find products from 24 prestige brands, including Nars, Burberry and nail polish queen Deborah Lippman. See al...
Report: Twitter IPO Will Launch Nov. 15 - New information from Twitter's S-1 document has shed light on the company's expected IPO date, reports PrivCo, a business and financial research company. Updates to the document, which was released last week to the public, mention that Twitter employees can begin to sell shares of the stock on the market beginning Feb. 15, 2014 The typical lock-up period for employees is 90 days, according to PrivCo, meaning they can't sell stoc...
Social robots - a dog's new best friend - Oct. 9 - Dogs respond better to robots behaving in a social manner than those acting passively, according to Hungarian researchers. Their study of 41 dogs provides important insights into how future household robots might be designed to integrate not only with families, but also their pets. Jim Drury reports.
Did Obama Just Pick Sides in the Apple-Samsung Patent War? - If South Korea is looking for evidence that the Obama administration is playing favorites in the patent war between Apple and Samsung, it got some discomfiting signals on Tuesday. The White House decided against overruling a ban on certain Samsung products imposed by the International Trade Commission in August after the panel ruled that some older Samsung mobile devices violated Apple's patents. The immediate...
Tech and art bring bling to night-time bike rides - Oct. 8 - California company Monkeylectric wants to electrify your next bike ride with technology that combines art and science to turn bicycle wheels into spinning works of art.The company uses a programmable LED display to exploit the human brain's perception of what it sees, and is turning heads in the process. Ben Gruber reports.
Read this article to learn some great marketing strategy from a young rapper.
Tavis Smiley and The University of Maryland offering $25,000 prize to social entrepreneurs! Apply by Oct. 13, 2013!
New Recruiting Tool Leverages Facebook's Graph Search - Check your Facebook messages there may be job offer in there. A new Graph Search add-on makes it easier for job recruiters to hunt down prospective candidates over Facebook. The new recruiter dashboard, which is not a Facebook feature but rather a tool that's been built on top of the platform, launched Monday from Work4, a social-recruiting company that focuses on Facebook. See also: How to Change Your Facebook ...
Pupil power brings new energy to UK school - Oct. 7 - An English high school is harnessing the energy from its pupils' footsteps to power lights, cellphones, and a radio. They're using a technology called the Pavegen system, which uses floor-tiles made from recycled material to convert foot pressure into kinetic energy. Jim Drury reports.
Steve Ballmer's Final Shareholder Letter: 'We've Changed the World'
Coffee House Customers Get Creeped Out - What would YOU do if this happened to you while out getting coffee? [...]
Bio-imaging system spawns new theories of evolution - Oct. 7 - A pioneering bio-imaging system designed by British researchers is allowing unrivaled monitoring of hundreds of aquatic embryos simultaneously and could alter scientific thinking on heredity and evolution. Jim Drury has more.
The Right Ingredients for Innovation - Innovation is crucial for growing a business in today's increasingly competitive global marketplace. In fact, 61% of CEOs surveyed in a recent PricewaterhouseCoopers report said that innovation is a priority or a primary focus of their business strategies. But creating an environment that fosters innovation and creativity can be a tough code to crack. Based on the survey, Mindjet put together an infographic that illustrates the key...
How Spotify Engineered the New Music Economy - Steve Cooper didn't expect much from Spotify. When the New York-based band Spirit Animal released "The Black Jack White" last spring, the band's frontman didn't have high hopes about the streaming music service. He loves the platform and subscribes to it but didn't think Spotify would help his band this early in its career. But out of nowhere, Sean Parker, Napster's infamous cofounder and early Spotify investor, added the f...
