This is certainly a bold move from Sony. Their NEX line has been very tempting. Now I am still waiting for Fujifilm to deliver their next innovation. I am sure they are currently cooking something that will match or even exceed the Sony's innovation factory.
interesting product, though if a camera gets too small the usability in terms of holding it may be affected.
This is certainly a bold move from Sony. Their NEX line has been very tempting. Now I am still waiting for Fujifilm to deliver their next innovation. I am sure they are currently cooking something that will match or even exceed the Sony's innovation factory.
Near my home-village Muraste are amazing quite beaches with a lot of nature. I just grabbed my Fuji x100 and went for a short walk.
Looking forward to another great weekend capturing the beautiful Autumn colours
Autumn near seaside captured by Fuji x100 and processed as light HDR
DPreview team published a deep scientific review of the iPhone 5s camera and as a conclusion the camera performs very well.
iMore teams review of the new lenscamera by Sony. It seems that due to the great cameras on the phones we might not need that.
Interesting, almost scientific comparison of iPhone 4s and 5s cameras
11 iPhone composition tricks and tips to end up with great photos
Forests in my homecountry Estonia are still in large part so untouched
September is apple month everywhere, including my lovely country Estonia. Today spent several hours collecting deliceous apples from tall trees.
I’m excited to announce Calico, a new company that will focus on health and well-being, in particular the challenge of aging and associated diseases. Art Levinson, Chairman and former CEO of Genentech and Chairman of Apple, will be Chief Executive Officer. OK … so you’re probably thinking wow! That’s a lot different from what Google does today. And you’re right. But as we explained in our first letter to shareholders, there’s tremendous potential for technology more generally to improve people’s lives. So don’t be surprised if we invest in projects that seem strange or speculative compared with our existing Internet businesses. And please remember that new investments like this are very small by comparison to our core business. Art and I are excited about tackling aging and illness. These issues affect us all—from the decreased mobility and mental agility that comes with age, to life-threatening diseases that exact a terrible physical and emotional toll on individuals and families. And while this is clearly a longer-term bet, we believe we can make good progress within reasonable timescales with the right goals and the right people. Our press release has a few more details though it’s still very early days so there’s not much more to share yet. Of course when Art has something more substantial to communicate (and that will likely take time), he’ll provide an update. Finally, thanks to Bill Maris for helping bring this idea to life and getting Art involved, and to Sergey Brin for consistently supporting 10X thinking like this. It’s hard for many companies to make long term investments. So I’m tremendously excited about the innovative new way we’re funding this project. Now for the hard work!
My favoured photo app Camera+ updated. If you are still searching for the right app then try this one.
Awesome image editing in your browser - soon there is no need for Lightroom, iPhoto or any other desktop photo editor
Typical old traditional Estonian village road and houses. There are still places here where one could enjoy the authentic architecture.
Good practical advise for Fuji X-series users on using raw or jpg for great colours. I will over the weekend test jpg photography aftr shooting raw for ages. Times are changing and so should the workflow.
Great intro to new iPhone 5S from the photographers point of view. “It just makes more sense to teach iPhone how to take a great picture rather than teach people how to be expert photographers.”
New iPhone camera introduction - it is all about thenpower of the new processor and great software enhancements.
another amazing camera from Fujifilm is arriving soon. This may be your first compact camera with interchangable lenses.
An evening at the seaside in northern Estonia
Another article that states the extinction of point and shoot cameras due to the cameras built in to then smartphones.
Some more details about the upcoming Sony lenscamera including the promotion video
Another review of Fujifilm x100s camera - the conclusion from the actual use was that it is the best digital camera reviewer has ever used.
I am not sure if we should get excited about the upcoming 4k devices? Though I am certainly interested to see real life outputs from the 4k enabled smartphone.
Awesome overview of best photo apps for cloud storage. i am using a combinqtion of Dropbox, G+ and 500px.
Evening around the corner from my home in Estonia
An evening at the seaside in beautiful Estonian coast
Very professional opinion on how Apple could improve iPhone camera eperience. I fully agree with the author that now it is not about megapixels, rather cleaner images
