Ill never trust an Asus tablet product again. Their TF201 was disgraceful.
+ Kevin O'Quinn Save your smug ass attitude. The biggest issue that was revolving around the TF201 compared to the other tablets was a BROKEN GPS system, and horrid wifi range, they advertise it as having those functional features and they don't work. No consumer is going to be happy about that. Their customer service is even more deplorable, but that is another story entirely. Likening it to a fast food eating establishment is a completely irrelevant analogy.
+ Scott Attula But from a consumer standpoint that is garbage. To advertise functionality of the tablet and then to have it not work PERIOD. Such a serious flaw like that should have been addressed , not charge 500 more for a few tweaks in a tablet that game out just a few months after that one.
+ Scott Attula Also, I don't see how the Tegra 3 Chipset was causing RF shielding issues and not the massive aluminum backplate. The other performance issues that the tablet had like stuttering performance, frequent browser crashes was due to them using cheap ram with a low clock speed.
+ Kevin O'Quinn They sold me a NON functional product. They advertised it as such and it did not perform. I sent it in to their warehouse, they had it for a MONTH then told me a month later after weeks of me checking in with them and them saying they don't now what the status is on it. They finally tell me they gave me the wrong address to send it to! So then they told me they would process it at the Illinois facility, but they lied and sent it back to the Texas facility with out telling me, and then took another two weeks to "fix it" there. When I finally got the thing back the first thing I noticed is that the screen is coming out of the metal housing, they didn't even fit it back on properly. So I sent it away to get fixed and it came back more broken because on top of that All the wifi and GPS issues and sputtering performance still existed. I sent it back to them a second time, waited the Turn around time got it back just as non functional as before, but at least the screen was attached this time. I again send it back to them a third time, wait turn around time, get it back, same issues as before. It's like they did NOTHING. Then they said the whole time they would not guarantee a replacement. They never offered the GPS dongle (even though that wouldn't help the wifi issue). They are completely in violation of California implied warranty. That is an appalling way to treat a consumer so is it any small wonder now why I won't buy their product? This was a nearly 5 month long battle I fought with them and got nowhere which is why I am filing a law suit against them for breach of implied warranty.
+ Kevin O'Quinn Well trust me, it happened, it exists, I have screen capped chat logs documenting all of it dating back to january 2012 when they first got this in their warehouse. Im sticking with a nexus tablet or Samsung tablet from here on. The keyboard idea was cool, but I don't feel like giving a company business that treats their customers with such little to no regard.
