Would there be a possibility if Nintendo gets bought by Sony?
Whoa the Wolverine on WWE!
Loving this song
Which Australian states are more likely to search the issue of asylum seekers? When the ALP released their new policy on asylum seekers arriving by sea, we saw roughly twice as many searches for asylum seekers than for home loans in Australia. So, we took a look back at searches in the Australian mainland states over the past 12 months to July and found that South Australia and Victoria were most likely to search for the asylum-seeker related terms. Overall, people are keen to get beyond the headlines and find out more themselves. Some of the most popular search terms are around "what is a refugee" or "definition of asylum seeker" and "refugee statistics".
So watching this!
We store our more and more data into Google products everyday ie Docs, Photos, Youtube Videos - wouldn't it be nice if you could search across all of these properties simultaneously when the need arises? Big plus when you can't quite remember where you stored the content - definitely beats trying to search through each Google product individually. What do you think?
In Perth, this is so far the only building with internal Google Maps view - Whitford City Shopping Complex! It is a rich suburb with old folks who are not tech savvy, my aunt lives here and I use to live here with her for a couple of months. In 2008, I remember asking this young 20 something waitress at Gloria Jean's inside the complex if they had WiFi and she was like "why what?"
+ Louis Thorp was in the complex once and launched maps coz I needed to find something else. + Paul Pichugin would love to know them.
Indispensable tool when you quickly need to jot or copy something
Though it seems like the Social Network, I will watch it for Jobs legacy and to compare with Pirates of Silicon Valley
What is your favorite rpg for ps2 and why
Android's version of Apple's Find My Phone has been around Google Apps users, but why no love for Gmail users?
This is old but still works for my parents today
Didn't knew Kingsley was an Indian - now I know how he could play Gandhi so well w/ accent and all
Free plug for Google Hangouts https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/hangouts/nckgahadagoaajjgafhacjanaoiihapd Calling all Facebook Messenger users, Whatsapp users, Line users, Skype users, iMessage users - check this out. Sorry BB and dumbphone users - Google does not love you.
Is this some kind code
How might your choice of browser affect your job prospects? The Economist explains.
If you ever have the chance - go watch her shows!
When you can see people raring chickens in this country, you know you have driven a bit too far
What's up folks? I'm opening a contest today for YOU TO WIN 50$! The reason is pretty simple, I launched a new application called System Monitor https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.cgollner.systemmonitor and I want as many people as possible to learn about it, thus the creation of this contest! Sharing is power! RULES: 1. Share THIS post providing a link to my System Monitor app. (Your share must be visible to public so that I can see it) 2. Comment on this post announcing your participation - your post number will be your participation id. HOW TO WIN: 1. On Sunday, the 24th of March at 20:00 UTC time, I will generate a random number from 1 to N, where N is the number of participants. 2. The participant that made the comment number corresponding to the random number, wins the 50$! 3. For fairness the random number will be generated here: 4. Payment made via PayPal. This application link needs to be in the share, if you delete it your participation will be voided. GOOD LUCK GUYS!
Microsoft is looking very tempting now
Outlook you mean? Yeah - now windows phone need to gain popularity
Flash works fine on Firefox Android- listening to + *** without the hitz.fm Android App
Sony needs to make a Nexus - every company who has made a Nexus except for HTC seems to be doing well in part due to the exposure. I could be on drugs but in the long run, I do see a possibility of Google purchasing Sony too to further their reach into the gaming industry and compete more directly with Microsoft.
+ Germano Lisboa That would be what I suggest too. I have 4 and 7 and I always end up carrying and using the 4 only as the 7 only offers me bigger screen real estate - also do note that the 10 is more powerful then the 7.
