Anyone mentioning Nokia is clearly incapable of reading a couple of lines of text...
Anyone mentioning Nokia is clearly incapable of reading a couple of lines of text...
Anyone mentioning Nokia is clearly incapable of reading a couple of lines of text...
Anyone mentioning Nokia is clearly incapable of reading a couple of lines of text...
Anyone mentioning Nokia is clearly incapable of reading a couple of lines of text...
Anyone mentioning Nokia is clearly incapable of reading a couple of lines of text...
Anyone mentioning Nokia is clearly incapable of reading a couple of lines of text...
Smartwatch 2 also seeing a Stateside launch alongside Sony's latest high-end handsets Literally days after Sony CEO Kaz Hirai seemingly poured water on a Sony breakout in the U.S, today we're treated to the news of three new device launches. The Xperia Z1, Xperia Z Ultra and the Smartwatch 2 will...
Next week is gonna be a crazy busy week, events going on literally all over the damn world. Crazy busy but in a really good way. I'm super excited for my part in it all, but the entire + Mobile Nations team is gonna be working their butts off bringing you every little piece of everything. So make sure you join us. See you on the other side ;-)
There's enough tech coming on Tuesday alone to fill a weeks worth of coverage!
+ Jerry Hildenbrand probably a better place to be ;-)
The state of the Surface I just picked up for my sister. Out of the box, 71 FRICKIN UPDATES
Even for Windows I'm surprised at that amount. Worse still, I don't think a single one of those updates is Windows 8.1!
+ El Jay it's for her uni work. She's got a PC at home just wanted something small, cheap and it has free office. And she actually likes it. I'm the one who's going through hell setting it up :/ This one must have been first off the production line way it's going!
RT. Pro isn't what I consider cheap, I'd have bought a damn Ultrabook if I was spending that money :P
+ Joe Phelps as a Mac user, it's infuriating. Never have it once turned on a new Mac and had to install a butt ton of updates. Fixes are great but jeez
So the second PS4 launch title I wanted had I got off my lazy ass and pre-ordered has now been delayed. Man am I feeling happy right now. I'd have been buying a box with no games to play it on :/
I'm not so fussed about a price drop, it happens to all these things. Only reason I didn't get a pre-order is because launch stock has sold out everywhere round me. If I can't have it at launch I might as well wait. First Watch Dogs, then Driveclub. What next? Where's that Wii U...
Finally seen the venue for Nokia World next week. Holy crap. That is all.
Microsoft money is being well spent! All i'll say; this aint no stinkin convention center ;-)
Think I just found my next camera. Dinky little thing. Love the Lumix Micro 4/3 cameras, just need to go back to having a small one
I did on my last one, but like a chump when I sold it, I sold the lenses too
Yeah, cashed up for the trip to Nokia World next week
I'm not buying a Nexus 5. I'm just not. There, I said it. Not unless it has some kind of standout hardware feature. Personally, I still want to buy a Sony Xperia Z1. There, I also said that.
+ Rohan Blake Typical douchebaggery from an Android fanboy? I'm also an Android, BlackBerry and Windows Phone user, not that I need to justify anything to you.
+ yousif salam exactly. Nexus 4 has barely been used. I'm digging what the other OEM's are offering with cameras, and Sony in particular with including High-Res audio on their phones.
The standout title I would have wanted had I been able to snag a PS4 pre-order for launch. Kinda glad I haven't got one now, I would have been disappointed
So...I'll be covering an Apple Event in California at 10am, at 9pm in Abu Dhabi after a full day at Nokia World. God damn next Tuesday is gonna be one long ass day
Tis true. And I'm sure I already know which one ill enjoy covering more ;-)
Smartwatch 2 also seeing a Stateside launch alongside Sony's latest high-end handsets Literally days after Sony CEO Kaz Hirai seemingly poured water on a Sony breakout in the U.S, today we're treated to the news of three new device launches. The Xperia Z1, Xperia Z Ultra and the Smartwatch 2 will...
£260 price, launching 'in the run up to Christmas' LG has announced its launch UK and Ireland plans for the new G Pad 8.3, which will see the Korean manufacturer bringing its latest tablet to the British Isles in time for the holidays. A post on LG's official UK blog also reveals that the tablet...
Can you tell which one has the ridonkulous camera on it?
The one in my hand ;-)
+ El Jay The 1020 does on camera, but then it's not really a fair fight either. The 920/925 are better in some areas, not as hot in others imo
Using a Nokia Windows Phone you almost forget you're using Windows Phone. And the camera on the 1020 is epic. Can't wait to take it away next week. Think I want one of my own.
Does the world need a 5.9-inch HTC One? We like the HTC One. Twice this year we’ve said it was the best Android phone you can buy, and there’s a strong argument for saying that’s still the case today. When it arrived back in March, the HTC One bucked some of the major high-end smartphone trends...
Watching back the Tigers/Redsox Game 2. What a noise when Ortiz hit that Slam.
Been at the racing in the freezing cold, wind and pouring rain. Feel awful right now. Comforting myself by thinking of flying out to the desert heat in 7 days. Can't wait
Wasn't me racing. I canned doing anything this year. Was at the British Touring Car Championship
All photos today were high resolution on the Lumia 1020. Just because. None of them really needed to be though. That said, I am enjoying having a digital 'zoom' that doesn't blow. Of course...G+ doesn't want me to upload 38MP images either it seems :P So these are just, kinda big lol
It sure looks like the next Nexus in this 7 minute hands on video Looks like we've all got a little weekend treat here. What this is, apparently, is a full 7 minute hands on video with the LG Nexus 5. We've been seeing and hearing things for the past few weeks, but this is the clearest view yet...
+ Jonathan Mallett Either that...or I happen to be the only sucker sat in front of my laptop this afternoon/evening :P
Looks like at least some folks in the U.S. might be able to get Sony's latest and greatest after all Just this morning we reported on comments from Sony CEO Kaz Hirai regarding breaking into the U.S. market. The comments weren't that promising, but some better news may be breaking now with the...
Getting these 38MP images off the Lumia 1020 onto a Mac is somewhat of a ballache. Requires the download of an app from Nokia. As such (because I only just figured this out) no samples until tomorrow
Oh yeah, you can. But I'd rather not. Can share higher res photos than that from my 920 ;-) I know, I know, the camera is better anyway. But it's like going to a wedding and not eating any cake!
Awww yeah All about that camera. Gonna be a fun couple weeks
Yup. Got a loaner from Nokia for a couple weeks. Conveniently placed so I've got it for the trip to Nokia World in Abu Dhabi ;-)
Best phone packaging ever
Bought this instead of a Pebble. Because, nice things.
+ Daniel M yeah there is that. And it'll look nicer when I'm going out for dinner ;-)
DHL tracking sucks. Waiting on what I think is my loaner Lumia 1020 but I have to go out. All I know is it's within the area that covers 3 counties and an airport.
Didn't we know the Twitter tablet app was exclusive to the Note anyway? I mean, I was in Berlin. That's pretty much the impression I left with...
Background images for your Glance screen on Amber updated Lumia phones. Is nice
Just seen a Windows advert that actually advertises the strength of the platform instead of ripping on someone else. Holy crap
The Product RED case for the iPhone 5s is a damn nice case. Really nice. But I've had it a week and it's visibly dirty. Either picking up the color of my jeans or just generally dirty. Here lies the problem with leather that isn't black.
When did HP release the new Chromebook again? Yesterday, right? And today there's a review up of it. SERIOUSLY?!
The pictures look like they were taken at a press event...
Quality. Not seen this until now!
Lumia 1020 coming my way before the trip to Abu Dhabi. Cannot wait to try out that beastly camera
+ Kevin O'Quinn gonna need a bigger bag I think!
Do they do T-shirts with pockets...expecting it to be 35 celsius every day!
So I've been playing with the Nokia Lumia 521 for a few days since I picked it up on a whim in New York, and I kinda really like it. I'm gonna stick a microSD in there and use it as a PMP I reckon, but one thing is pretty clear. Whether your love or hate Windows Phone, for $99 outright this phone is without equal. It runs just as smoothly as my Lumia 920, runs pretty much all the same apps (though Halo is still a bit, meh on it) and it doesn't feel like you're limited to a crappy experience anywhere because of the price tag. By contrast, I've used some Android phones that cost more than this and are generally more horrible to use. For a first time smartphone buyer, this has to be one to consider. The camera isn't even that horrific
I can safely say I'll be nowhere near an iPad on October 22. Not in Abu Dhabi anyway. Good job, Apple! ;-)
Someone tell me why that supposed image of a curved in the wrong way Samsung phone is a good idea. And go.
Well...Samsung phones are well known for collecting fingerprints!
Travel to the States and back no issues. Back in the UK and faced with train cancellations and hour long layovers for a connection home. Sigh
Google streaming dongle now shipping internationally from Amazon.com Until now if you wanted to to get your hands on a Chromecast outside of the United States, you'd have to resort to an unofficial import through eBay, often with a significant markup. But today there's a more paletable option...
Back in the land of the living. I do love travelling, but man it does kick your ass. Next stop: Abu Dhabi in a couple weeks
Anyone mentioning Nokia is clearly incapable of reading a couple of lines of text...
Anyone mentioning Nokia is clearly incapable of reading a couple of lines of text...
Anyone mentioning Nokia is clearly incapable of reading a couple of lines of text...
Anyone mentioning Nokia is clearly incapable of reading a couple of lines of text...
Anyone mentioning Nokia is clearly incapable of reading a couple of lines of text...
