Putting people in to the poster for Sony Xperia BBoy Championships
EVENT PHOTOGRAPHERS NEEDED Studio Time Ltd supply experiential photographic solutions and events photographers to various large brands and marketing companies plus the odd celebrity party. We are continuously on the lookout for new photographers to join our team. We will provide full training to the right people, must know how to use a DLSR in manual mode, be able to work evenings and weekends both in London and throughout UK. Good rates, fun events. Full UK Driving license a must. Please contact Tony or Martin Tel: 020 7241 2816 Email: jobs@studiotimephoto.com Web: www.greenscreenuk.co.uk
Like many TV companies GOLD TV put their faith with us to help them promote their upcoming TV shows to the industry experts and media.
Bollywood photo experience for Asians Mela and Diwali
Putting people in to the poster for Sony Xperia BBoy Championships
Tesco Bank Photo Promotion - Tesco called in Studio Time Green Screen to help promote their Tesco travel money and in store bank. We set up the pop up green studio in store and allowed Tesco's customers the opportunity to receive a free top quality printed photo and event the chance to email, Facebook or Twitter their photos.
My Billingham Photo Hadley I bought this back in 1993 and it is still 95% in working order. A good bag is a must and what I love about a work out Billingham is that no thief suspects there is anything valuable in the bag.
The one thing they could do with is a better padded shoulder strap.
Here are some recent random photos from my travels. I have been shooting film for over 20 years and in that time my kit bag has not changed much. Got my Billingham, one SLR and my Contax T2.
New office toy for the studio time team. We got our film photo scanner to scan all our negs and slides. Can't wait to un box this thing and try out silverfast ai studio 8!
We have had a lot of interest lately from photographers wanting to learn how to shoot film. Luckily Martin and Tony spent decades shooting on film and are more than experienced to teach photographers how to use film. We even have a medium format Mamiya 67 to teach with. If you want to learn how to shoot film just get in touch. Plus we live talking about film cameras
Studio 25 Photography and Film studio in London Fields. The studio has great character as it is set in a victorian warehouse and also has loads of daylight.
The Script Network held it summer party in London Film museum, the theme was travel and adventure. Studio Time were asked to create a green screen area with photographer, props and backdrops the suited the travel aspect of the theme. All props were stored in a large old fashion travel trunk, guest chose their props and then came on to the green screen where our photographer got them to pose and capture the picture. All photos are instantly streamed from photographer to our computer where the operator helps the guest chose a backdrop for their image. Photograph are than instantly printed and guest have the option to upload photos to Facebook, Twitter or email. All photographs were also slide showed on a large plasma TV to keep attracting more guests through out the night. The staff of the Script Network were an extremely fun and creative bunch who even made use of the prop box by the end of the night. The event even made it in to the events trade press, read all about it at: www.eventmagazine.co.uk Studio Time Green Screen work on many company/office parties, if you would like a green screen photographer and pop up studio at your next company party, please get in contact.
Green Screen Photographer in London and the UK
