The XperiaZ1 . Would love to have this .. The perfect Sony . But reliance digital and croma both don't have em on display and says they have few numbers in stock n hence can't put one in display n waste it !!!! I have to head to the sony store to see this in real ! #xperia #sony #mumbai
this is one awesome explanation of ios7 parallax effect!! too good
The XperiaZ1 . Would love to have this .. The perfect Sony . But reliance digital and croma both don't have em on display and says they have few numbers in stock n hence can't put one in display n waste it !!!! I have to head to the sony store to see this in real ! #xperia #sony #mumbai
Got a chance to play with it for an hour . Incredible android device. The screen whiteness is great n I love the function to tweak the saturation to lower levels Camera is brilliant and in all a great phone . Wish it ran iOS for its only that finesse that it lags in
Galaxy #Note3 screen is so blue green even the plain crome browser screen looks like blue green #fail i was interested in moving to note 3 but the screen failed misarably compared to #iphone . #Xperiaultra screen however did manage good colors . May be its #triluminous display really works #teamandroid
Kinda nice to see all of em stacked together n the managed to on/off at same time
The Hyundai sonata looks good from rear. But I like the Elantra more. In Elantra , they managed all proportions perfectly. Sonata looks like a bloated Elantra while Verna doesn't look like a younger Elantra but one that was left to starve for some months
join if u like Enfields. + nikhil s u tho have to be in already. when r u getting ur Thunderbird delivered?
yup..didnt think u will notice it so soonn -:
moving train hahah but managed a non shaky one thnx to i5. my n8 didnt manage a single good shot
thats a big compliment
thats kasturi ka place in hiranandani
Volvo s40 looks cool. Love the orange LEDs on front along with white ones. Quite a change from the regular Audi BMW Merc looks ! N the mumbaj rains make it even more lovely #volvo #mumbai #monsoon
A church near #thrissur #kerala . The churches there makes it truly #godsowncountry
It's fun driving in such an awesome rain at palm beach road
Trucks over train. Konkan railways ingenious idea to quicken last mile delivery of goods
Tangasseri fort entrance , among the few remnants of a glorious past as a fort of Dutch trading post and later English colony #history
Finally Mumbai rains are here. Earlier than expected , a much wanted respite from the humid sticky afternoons. Love Mumbai monsoons
Google blimp bringing WiFi to Asia and Africa
Calling all gamers! Have you seen our Summer Sale yet? Up to 50% on a huge collection of bestsellers and classics - ton of titles to choose for PC and consoles... shop now!
Got a chance to play with it for an hour . Incredible android device. The screen whiteness is great n I love the function to tweak the saturation to lower levels Camera is brilliant and in all a great phone . Wish it ran iOS for its only that finesse that it lags in
