Sony launches Galaxy Grand rival Xperia C at Rs 21,490 Sony India has launched its Xperia C phablet in India, bringing yet another rival of the popular Samsung Galaxy Grand in the market. NEW DELHI: Sony India has launched its Xperia C phablet in India, bringing yet another rival of the popular Samsung Galaxy G...
Angry with America, Saudi Arabia rejects UN security council seat The two-year stint in the UN security council is prized by member countries because it gives them a temporary seat alongside the five permanent members, albeit without veto power. WASHINGTON: Saudi Arabia on Friday renounced a rotating UN security council ...
Coalgate: Kumar Mangalam Birla breaks silence, rubbishes CBI charges against him CBI alleges Kumar Mangalam Birla wrote two letters and held a "personal meeting" with the then coal secretary Parakh, after which Hindalco was given a coal block. NEW DELHI: Even as he drew all round support from industry and some ministers, Kumar Mangalam ...
Ahead of 1971 war, Nixon branded his envoy to India as traitor Former Prime Minister Mrs. Indira Gandhi with former US President Richard Nixon WASHINGTON: Reluctant to hear anything against then Pakistan president Gen Yahya Khan and his army ahead of the 1971 war, the then US President Richard Nixon branded his own env...
Signature wedding cocktails Signature wedding cocktails You are getting married and alcohol could be the last thing on your mind. But on your wedding day you must have fun as much as everyone else does. Here are a few signature wedding cocktails for you to try out. The unusual bride...
Recipe: Eggless chocolate brownie Recipe: Eggless chocolate brownie Here's an easy recipe to make eggless chocolate brownie at home. Ingredients: 200 gms of grated dark chocolate, 6 tbsps unsaltened butter, ½ cup castor sugar, ½ cup maida, ½ tsp baking powder, ½ tsp sodium bi-carbonate, ½ ...
Recipe: Chicken with cashew-spinach sauce Image and recipe courtesy: Canolainfo Rich in iron, phosphorus, magnesium and zinc,cashew nuts are a good source of antioxidants and protein. And speaking of spinach, it aids in digestion, curbs overeating, maintains low blood sugar levels and keeps consti...
The French manicure goes floral The French manicure goes floral Here's a twist to the usual French manicure, try flowers for some classic charm. They make the usually-staid manicure look brighter. First, create the look with the polish, then use a brush tool and create teardrops for the ...
Grow and groom your facial hair Not being taken seriously? Grow and groom your facial hair People at the workplace don't take you seriously. Your sweetheart, who once drooled over your chocolate boy looks, now seems distracted. So guys, it is about time to get a makeover! Grow your facia...
Beauty benefits of green tea Beauty benefits of green tea Green tea has some distinct beauty benefits due its high content of antioxidants and other healthy nutrients. This is the reason many beauty products contain green tea extracts. We tell you why green tea is a boon for beauty: 1...
What’s the right blush for your age? What’s the right blush for your age? A little blush on the apple of your cheeks will make you look glamorous and add confidence to your personality. Read on to know what shade will suit your age and skin tone. A flush of colour on your cheeks goes a long w...
Tips to prevent hair from breaking Tips to prevent hair from breaking If you have a serious hair breakage problem, it means that your hair is brittle and weak. So first, you have to check the shampoo that you are using. Discontinue your current shampoo and go for one, which will help to str...
Things to remember before going to bed Things to remember before going to bed Here's a check list for your hair and skin that you just can't give a miss. Bushra S Khan reports After your daily dose of prime-time viewing, you brush your teeth, pop your vitamins and hit the sack? No you don't. Is...
Centipede venom promises to be good painkiller Centipede venom promises to be good painkiller In a pathbreaking effort, Australian and Chinese researchers have successfully isolated a molecule in centipede venom that reportedly has the potential and potency to be developed into a painkiller as powerful...
Vinegar is multi-faceted, use it! Vinegar is multi-faceted, use it! You'll be surprised at how many uses there are of vinegar If you thought the humble vinegar was just an ingredient to use in your food, think again. Here is when it comes in very handy... - Experts say that a vinegar and wa...
7 super saver budget health tips 7 super saver budget health tips Seven easy ways to boost your well-being with goodies that cost no more than Rs 10 Ball of kitchen string: To improve posture and help back pain Every morning, stand tall and pull your tummy muscles in as far as you can. Now...
Tackle breast pain while exercising Tackle breast pain while exercising A lowdown on what you should know and do about pain in breasts while exercising Ladies, have you ever felt severe pain in your breasts while sweating it out at the gym? If yes, worry not, for it's a fairly common complain...
8 hrs sleep must to cut heart disease risk 8 hrs sleep must to cut heart disease risk A new research by an Indian origin scientist has claimed that sleeping for six to eight hours a night could help cut the risk of heart problems and stroke. Author Dr Saurabh Aggarwal, of Chicago Medical School h...
8 hrs sleep must to cut heart disease risk 8 hrs sleep must to cut heart disease risk A new research by an Indian origin scientist has claimed that sleeping for six to eight hours a night could help cut the risk of heart problems and stroke. Author Dr Saurabh Aggarwal, of Chicago Medical School h...
First aspire to have a trim tummy At least aspire to have a trim tummy While Gwenyth Paltrow and Madonna quarrel over who's got better abs, Indians — predisposed to abdominal fat — must aspire to a trim tummy Once the best of friends, actor Gwenyth Paltrow and pop diva Madonna are quarrell...
Pets have rights too Pets have rights too Did you know that India has one of the most comprehensive set of animal protection laws in the world? Despite this, most of us have, at least once, been witness to animal abuse. Bringing home a pet is a huge commitment, and one that eve...
How to deal with a bad boss How to deal with a bad boss Bad bosses are unavoidable. You can bet on your right sock that you'll meet one one day. And here's how you can handle one... Handling a bad boss is never really easy. Heard of "between the rock and a hard place"? Yeah this situ...
Living in a bad marriage for child's sake Living in a bad marriage for child's sake Does it make sense to stay in a marriage that has broken down, for the sake of your child? TOI speaks to the experts Last month, Nandita Puri filed a case of domestic violence against husband, actor Om Puri. Specula...
Meeting her parents for the first time? Meeting her parents for the first time? Here are some rules to make that all-important encounter less daunting. Does it get any scarier than this? If getting the girl was a task, imagine the thought of getting her parents to accept you. Remember Ben Stiller...
You don't always have to be a cheater You don't always have to be a cheater If philandering ended your last relationship, here's how to give love a fool-proof second chance without feeling like a loafer Golf great Tiger Woods, whose personal (and professional) life came crashing in 2009 after h...
10 things he’ll notice about you in 10 mins Couple on date Just the kind of drink you choose or the amount of cleavage you show can make a huge difference 1. Sunny smile: The way you smile can say a lot about the person you are. Make sure that if you are meeting a guy for the first time you are don...
Quick and healthy prawn recipes Quick and healthy prawn recipes Prawns are naturally very low in fat, but can be quite high in cholesterol - there is around 195mg per 100g of meat. However, this is still less than a single egg. They're brilliantly versatile - you can swap them out for c...
Benefits of using a face mask Benefits of face mask Face masks are nice and easy way to treat your skin to all kinds of goodies and treat your face to a mini facial. Here are some of the benefits of using a face pack Assorted benefits There are more than one reason of using a face ...
No shame in seeing a sex therapist No shame in seeing a sex therapist Whenever we suffer an asthmatic attack or a lung infection, we immediately go to a chest physician. If our digestive system gets dysfunctional, we do not hesitate to go to a gastroenterologist. For a skin problem, dermato...
10 things men should know about women 10 things men should know about women Alecia Raut, the gorgeous model shares ten things that she feels men should know about women. 1. Sure we love the gifts and surprises, but what matters to us the most is about what you feel for us genuinely. 2 . There'...
Blake Lively set for 'The Age of Adalin' Blake Lively 'Gossip Girl' star Blake Lively has been cast opposite Ellen Burstyn in the supernatural romance story, 'The Age of Adalin'. The 26-year-old actress, who has taken over the lead role from former 'Grey's Anatomy' star Katherine Heigl, plays a ...
Kanye West 'doesn't want to marry' Kim K Kim Kardashian Kanye West doesn't want to marry Kim Kardashian but instead wants them to have a "modern" relationship, it has been revealed. According to a source, the 36-year-old rapper was heard telling his friends that he felt no need or desire to make t...
Glee's finale to be rewritten to honour Cory Monteith Cory Monteith Ryan Murphy, the creator of hit series 'Glee' has revealed that the show would be ending after its 6th season with a tribute to Cory Monteith. Murphy said that that the final scene of the show was originally meant to be between Rachel ( Lea Mi...
I weep over much, says 'Sappy' Tom Hanks Tom Hanks Oscar winner Tom Hanks says he is an emotional person and that he weeps too much when he is alone. In a recent interview, the "Captain Phillips" actor has confessed that he gets deeply affected by certain incidents even though he may put up a brav...
World Boxing Championships: Manpreet in last-16, faces world No.1 Manpreet, who got a bye in the first round, beat Keddy Agnes of Seychelles in his opening bout. ALMATY: Asian Games silver-medallist Manpreet Singh (91kg) sailed into the World Championships prequarterfinal after clinching a comprehensive victory over Seyc...
Dravid, Kumble salute Sachin for inspiring Indian cricketers Describing Tendulkar as a role model, Dravid said he always looked up to the Mumbai batsman, who retires from Test cricket after playing his milestone 200th match next month, to try and achieve the level of excellence and standard set by him. BANGALORE: Fo...
Indian Open snooker: Aditya Mehta scalps Maguire to make final Aditya Mehta re-wrote cuesport history by becoming the first-ever Indian to reach the final of a professional snooker. NEW DELHI: Aditya Mehta re-wrote cuesport history by becoming the first-ever Indian to reach the final of a professional snooker tourname...
We always thought 360 was a chaseable target: Shikhar Dhawan "From the time I walked out of the dressing room, we thought it is a chaseable target. We wanted to play with a positive mind," Dhawan said. MOHALI: Applauding his team's sensational run chase against Australia in the previous game, India opener Shikha...
Wait for my book to read all about 'Monkeygate': Anil Kumble "If you really want to know what happened, you have to wait for my book," Kumble, who was the Indian Test captain during that series told mediapersons. BANGALORE: Former captain Anil Kumble today declined to comment on Ricky Ponting's observation on Sachin ...
Cheteshwar Pujara drops to 8th in ICC Test rankings Cheteshwar Pujara and R Ashwin were the only Indians in the respective top-10s of batsmen and bowlers. DUBAI: Cheteshwar Pujara was the highest-ranked Indian batsman despite dropping a rung to eighth while R Ashwin held on to his eighth position in the bow...
Bailey backs his bowlers despite Jaipur mauling "I want to give them (bowlers) chance that they can get on top of that Indian batting line-up," George Bailey said. MOHALI: He still hasn't recovered from the shock of the mauling in Jaipur but Australia cricket captain George Bailey said he backs his ...
