Sony Alpha A7r preview! Full-frame mirrorless! Today Sony unveiled not one, but two full-frame mirrorless cameras, the Alpha A7 and A7r. Billed as the World's smallest and lightest full-frame mirrorless cameras, they're externally identical with weather-proof bodies, OLED viewfinders and tilting screens. The only difference between them are their sensors with the A7 sporting a 24 Megapixel chip with embedded phase detect AF and the A7r boasting a 36 Megapixel version without the low pass filter, but contrast-only AF. I've rounded-up the rest of the specifications on the bodies and the five new full-frame E-mount lenses in my Sony Alpha A7r preview at the link below, but for now note the A7 and A7r should be available in December at body-only prices of $1700 and $2300 respectively. My preview is currently quite short, but it'll be growing very soon as later today I'll have a chance to play with the new cameras so I'll be adding my first impressions then! In the meantime, do the A7 and A7r represent the holy grail of mirrorless cameras? Are they the models you've been waiting for to finally make the switch from DSLR to mirrorless? Or are they a niche product which won't impact the sales of models with smaller sensors? I'd love to hear what you think!
Did The Sun Do a 360 While NASA Was Away?! Here's what the sun looked like while we were away. These images were captured from Oct. 1, 2013 through Oct. 17 by NASA's Solar Dynamics Observatory (SDO). On Oct. 2, the sun appears to spin completely around its axis, but of course it was really SDO that did the 360. SDO rolls around its axis twice a year to help calibrate one of three instruments aboard SDO -- the Helioseismic and Magnetic Imager. The roll helps scientists remove optical distortions from the images and so precisely determine the boundaries of the sun's horizon, or "limb". Accumulated over time, such data shows whether the sun's sphere changes in concert with the 11-year solar cycle, during which the sun moves through periods of greater and lesser activity as evidenced by the changing frequency of giant solar eruptions. Credit: NASA/SDO/AIA #solar #sdo #nasa #space #sunpix #sun #360
Is it folk? Is it psych? And what's this about singing roly poly? Hurdy Gurdy
