1 hour to go before Sony's event. Rumor is we get a full frame mirrorless camera tonight. You can watch live stream below.
Argos android tablet - £99 / $150+ the race to the bottom continues
Numbers are big... but the PC sales slump really affecting Intel's bottom line... what happened to being paranoid?
Smart move by Amazon - use HTC to deliver your new mobile phone device
1 hour to go before Sony's event. Rumor is we get a full frame mirrorless camera tonight. You can watch live stream below.
Find anyone on Facebook as the hide name feature is removed
Google pays out for people who find open source bugs.
Chromecast lands in the UK... at an inflated price... no change there then (in more ways than one)
Yes, it should be about £22... and if it was if it was £35 I would go for it straight away. That's three times as much as it should be. Who are the middlemen that make £38?
Apple buys HopStop and closes windows and android support.
UltraHaptics... moving the screen with out touching.
YouTube, Hangouts and Shopping... ultimate sales dream... the end of the free to air TV shopping channels? Shoppable Hangouts with Diane Von Furstenberg
All you wanted to know about hash-tags but were too afraid to ask
Google adds #PHP to the PaaS offering. The register thinks it's heresy?
HP have a nice looking chromebook... I have a feeling I will own one of these before long and find it a strain to move back to the expensive lap top... just as the move from tower PC to laptop meant no more PC's... now if the Chromebook pixel was half the price.
This looks surreal... massive touch screens at Fox news... You'd think it was April 1st
And you thought everything was getting smaller... wait until something unexpected appears on a screen during a show...
Google maps used in mine clearance. Great to see the positive uses of this mapping technology
Google Hangouts will soon add SMS and MMS integration... hang on a minute... wasn't that Google wave?
LG flexible smart phone screen... now just need all the other parts flexible and you are on to a winner...
umm this is definitely a product looking for a solution.
Will you be getting an Apple, Google or Samsung smart watch? Well for me, not until they have a 200m water resistant smart watch
Google Now: Eric Schmidt said Google is experimenting with how Google Now could work within the enterprise. Schmidt said it could take the Google Now approach to calculate workflows in a corporation and look into being analytical.
New CEO... for Microsoft's sake I hope they select someone who is tech savvie and not just a marketing and salesman person.
Must be talking about my work PC. It's interesting to see that over the years I've consistently had a better machine at home than I have at work. No suprise as mine is probably 3 to 4 times the cost of a business machine. But if you add up the lost productivity over 3 years the home machine works out cheaper.
Exactly... the construct in your mind is broken by the slowness of response.
Big companies back the vision for lower cost entry to the internet for developing countries
I prefer to buy my hardware at a higher specification... as I don't have time to do all that. That said, the Raspeberry Pi must be nice tool if you are trying to learn.
Another expensive phone - HTC cashes in on gold trend with 18ct handset worth £2,750
Microsoft Surface 2 not designed to win tablet war, but to mop up the dwindling PC market. But can the tablet be anything other than a consumption device?
The end of Netscape plugins for chrome: Starting in January 2014, Chrome will block webpage-instantiated NPAPI plug-ins by default on the Stable channel," Schuh said. A temporary exception will be made for the most popular NPAPI plug-ins that are not already being blocked for security reasons in order to avoid disruption to users
Where did all the PC's go? PC's -> Tablets continues the move away from production devices to consumption devices.
Samsung advert for upcoming smart watch has a few old friends Samsung Galaxy Gear: A Long Time Coming
Google provide a free HTML5 Web designer, interesting to know what is generated under the hood? Google Web Designer Demo
How to use the product (mainly designed for generation of html5 compatible adverts)
Open specification for Steam OS could like to an android like model for success in gaming platform. hardware
Nexus smart watch arrives in the witching hour?
Meet the eye watering £4100 smart phone
Got to get rid of all those bankers bonuses some how...
Tesco's Android based Hudl gets off to a promising start.
I should point out... of course I would never buy one...
Chrome 31 Beta adds mobile payments... but may it works where you are located... not working for me in the UK
Microsoft working with HTC to put Windows mobile on Android phones... is this a Trojan horse too far?
It's really about getting an opportunity to deploy your OS on a device, an hope they pick yours. I guess this gets more traction if there are more hardware suppliers.
ZTE mobile firefox OS, interesting start reviewed
