Technically wouldn't it be like season 26 with the 9th Doctor? ;)
+ John Pozadzides you're almost as late to the party as she is.
+ Cali Lewis would that make it a double feature?
There's a difference between lazy and preoccupied.
+ Craig Fine They're talking about this price-point. The T-series are prosumer cameras. These are more competing with the D-series around the 5/6/7D
+ Cali Lewis I think they might go after you first. You have a giant reserve of brains in there.
Cali and Daria on the same hangout. That would be awesome. The two of you are a testament what happens if you have a goal and are willing to put the work into it.
+ Cali Lewis no no no, my cat that woke me up is white.
+ Craig Fine They're talking about this price-point. The T-series are prosumer cameras. These are more competing with the D-series around the 5/6/7D
+ John Pozadzides we already knew that. They just need to have north, south, and east hubs so the rest of us to can fly them to places other than SFO
+ Rusty Greer yeah, where's the private jet for us?
+ Jason Wynn since Cali and John aren't talking, what was the movie?
I'm more partial to the Great Outdoors myself
+ John Pozadzides Better there than other places.
+ Lisa Roberson I've been told that before
I'm going to admit it, as I camera geek I love what + Sony did with this camera. This is the feature of full frame cameras. www.GeekBeat.tv/SonyA7
Did you know that 1 in 4 teens today are in abusive relationships? Many don't report it to anyone for fear of shame or negative repercussions. This growing and disturbing epidemic needs to end. Let's do it starting today! In honor of Domestic Violence Awareness Month, Verizon Wireless is partnering with TV Host/News Personality and the blogger behind Mommy Loves Tech, Maria Quiban, to host a YouTube Live Event next week—you’re invited to join the conversation and the fight against domestic violence. Join the conversation & chat with Maria, representatives from Laura’s House (a local domestic violence agency), and celebrity guests such as Recording artists Ryan Beatty, A.J. Rafael, YouTube star Kayli Butler and former Miss America Carolyn Sapp and more. During the chat, participants will also have an opportunity to win free Verizon devices and learn how to donate no-longer-used devices to victims and survivors in their local communities. Please invite others and leave your questions and comments for us to address as part of the show. The live show will be visible to your left... You'll see the PLAY arrow on the Day of the show. Included below is a link with more information about the Hangout as well as a video produced by Verizon, MommyLovesTech and Laura’s House on domestic violence in SoCal. #VZWHope #Hopeline #SpeakUp
My new favorite app? Aviate - an intelligent homescreen. What does that mean exactly? Check out the video for my review!
BBC UK - Doctor Who Greatest Moments: The Enemies // Watch here: bbc.co.uk/i/mgyly/ Series of highlights from the sci-fi show. David Tennant, John Barrowman, Sarah Parish, Derek Jacobi and others look at the greatest moments of the Doctor's deadliest enemies. ~DSD #DoctorWho #DavidTennant #DW50
New technology! In a… knife?!? Yep! + John Pozadzides puts the VMatter knife to the test! Here's their Indiegogo page (39 hours left!!) -
A two-for-one review, and BOTH products got the Geek Beat Editor's Choice Award! A waterproof, outdoor screen from Elite Screens ( ) and the Samson Portable PA Speakers ( ). Love 'em!
Marked 2.1 is out! Check out some of the cool new features here: Marked 2 Document Stats
+ Talk Mobile 2013: The End...Or is it the beginning? Talk Mobile - Party Time!
I can't LIVE without my wireless chargers!! I've been using some solutions from Promote and Tylt. Check it out! And yes, + Cali Lewis is jealous of me because her phone isn't Qi enabled, hehe!
Apple hired one of the UK's highest paid CEOs, Angela Ahrendts, to take over their retail and online stores. What kind of changes do you think we'll be seeing?
I'm going to admit it, as I camera geek I love what + Sony did with this camera. This is the feature of full frame cameras. www.GeekBeat.tv/SonyA7
My Video Marketing Book is NOW Available in Dutch Bookstores and Online! It's the big day! So much time, energy and work was put in these 151 pages - and today, my Dutch #videomarketing book is officially available! #books #videomarketing #videomarketingtips #videomarketingstrategy #videomarketingbook
"A Jedi can feel the force flowing through him"
Wow, the HTC One Max is massive! Not only is it big, it's out to get the new iPhone with its fingerprint scanner that ALSO allows you to setup pre-determined apps to launch when you hold your finger on it. All the details here -
FYI - RIGHT NOW both + Cali Lewis and I are in the LIVE CHAT room at in case anyone wants to pop in and say hi or whatever. If you're into IRC you can also join that way: IRC Server: irc.geekbeat.tv Join room #geekbeat
Get up-close with me and other #Frisco #artists this weekend!
Idea for #Cubs TV rights post 2014: Starts network with trib. Cubs sell CSN state to partners, Trib moves WGN sports to this new network and then the Tribune co. swaps #WhiteSox , #Bulls , and #Blackhawks broadcast rights for CSN's #Cubs games. Cubs and Sox separate.
Happy 66th birthday to the #RedRocker + Sammy Hagar
4 k's by Detroit's Anibal Sanchez in the bottom of the 1st. First time that has happened in a playoff game in over 100 years. #ALCS
Just how important is fashion with your smartphone? Is it better to be able to customize the software or the hardware?
Pacman was first released today in 1980. #ThisDayInHistory Were you addicted like the rest of the world?
GIRL POWER Hey G+niuses! I'm happy to announce that tomorrow I'll be hosting a special Hangout for the + United Nations 's Day Of The Girl Child! I've pulled together an amazing group of organizations and real global girls! We've got representatives from + The School Fund and some young female students from Tanzania who will tell us how the opportunity to get educated has impacted their lives and inspired their dreams! Wow! We'll also have a representative from + She's the First another great program that gets girls into schools worldwide! We'll also be joined by a classroom of girls from my mama + Wendy Musk 's school! They've been raising money to send girls their age to school through The School Fund too so this will be too cool We'll share stories, learn all about how educating girls rocks the world aaaand you knowz I'm gonna sing ;) Here's the event page: https://plus.google.com/events/ccsoo6br0k4g1s1tdvgms4gvvis Hooray for #DayOfTheGirl !! Your G+rl, Daria Ps. If you need any extra inspiration to get into this cause just watch the extraordinary Malala on + The Daily Show from earlier this week. Wow. -- >
Some pretty damaging numbers for Nikon and Canon too...
Even more "manga, manga!" at a Taste of Italy in #Frisco
How you can turn your iPad into a full-fledged video rig with the iOgrapher. #ipad #video
Ah, how Twilight Should have ended. I don't mean the sequels, I mean the first one.
Exciting news for Mac games today from Feral Interactive: the 2013 reboot of the famed Tomb Raider series and the new XCOM expansion are both headed to the Mac later this year.
We're live right now - learning about the new + iOgrapher
