Sorry, I kind of didn't want to share the whole sphere since it's in my backyard and the GPS metadata would then be public. Honestly, there really isn't anything spectacular about the sphere itself. This was one of those times where my only goal was to get the tiny planet produced. Hope you understand.
I had her lay down on the grass and I held my phone at my eye level, directly above her waist. In order for the subject to be exactly in the middle of the tiny planet, they have to be in that spot. I had a different strategy with this sphere: rather than doing my normal pattern of covering the 360, I did all of the ground shots first, reminding her to stay perfectly still.
Same with me; if you notice on the far left, sge appears again near the fence. After finishing the nadir, she ran over to play with the neighbors dog.
+ Christian Gieler I'm not so convinced that there is a "correct" sequence or order for how best to take individual shots in a sphere. I rarely have gaps anymore; of so it's usually due to rushing. Here's what I've really tried to focus on when making spheres lately: being measured, precise and deliberate yet controlled with my movements. I always choose a fixed point on the groud (usually a leaf or a coin) to serve as mu reference point. Then I holdy phone with the center of the viewfinder directly at eye level. The center/bottom of my phone always must point at my reference point when held in portrait. Then I slowly start making my sphere. Between each individual picture, I consciously evaluate my phone's x, y, z coordinate in space: at eye level? Above reference point? Making slight adjustments between photos usually adds up to a complete final image. Think of it this way: the software's job is to render the sphere. My job is to be precise with the data I send the software. I think oftentimes people spend time focused on "making a sphere", but this distracts from the deliberate, controlled task of getting each image done well. Trust the software to do its job. Any how, not trying to preach, just sharing some of my strategies and thought process. Hope it helps :).
