The + Sony A7 and A7R are the first mirrorless interchangeable lens cameras with full-frame sensors. In this exclusive interview we talk with Mike Bubolo of Sony, who also familiarizes us with the RX10 , which features a 1" sensor and impressive 24-200mm f/2.8 lens. First Look: Sony Introduces the a7 Full-Frame Mirrorless System via B&H InDepth
This week in the news : #Sony announced the world's first mirrorless full-frame cameras—the a7 and a7R; #Nikon announced the world's first Nikon DSLR with built-in Wi-Fi—the new #D5300 ; #Panasonic released the #Lumix GM1, the world's smallest Micro Four Thirds camera; and late on Thursday night, #Fujifilm announced the X-E2 and XQ1 cameras which, at that time, were the newest cameras in the world! This is your B&H Photo Pulse News Roundup for October 18, 2013 via B&H InSights #TechNews
#Fujifilm has just announced two new members of its X-series line of digital cameras: the X-E2 Mirrorless Digital Camera and the XQ1 Digital Camera. The X-E2 is an updated and refined successor to last year's X-E1 and improves upon it through the integration of a new sensor, new focusing capabilities, a larger LCD monitor, and built-in Wi-Fi capabilities. Unveiled: The Fujifilm X-E2 and the Compact XQ1. All the Details on B&H InDepth!
+ RUPINDER SINGH CHATHA Really for the types of photography you have mentioned either type would be appropriate. The main benefit of mirrorless cameras is their compact form and ability to yield high quality images from that small size. In general with DSLR’s there is a greater amount and range of lenses to choose from for more specialty applications. Below are a few links to recommended models from both categories for you to consider. If you have further questions please send us an email to askbh@bhphotovideo.com .
Announcing the + Panasonic USA Lumix DMC-GM1 Mirrorless Micro Four Thirds Digital #Camera with 12-32mm Lens
#Nikon has announced its latest DX-format mid-range DSLR camera and it features built-in Wi-Fi and GPS connectivity, thus ushering Nikon’s high-resolution DSLRs into a new world of direct instant upload, social network sharing and remote image viewing! via B&H InDepth Welcome the Nikon D5300
#Aviation photography is a fast-growing community. More and more photographers are discovering that not only is it challenging—it's also a lot of fun. To help you light the fires and kick the tires, here are 10 Tips to Improve Your Aviation Photography! via B&H InSights Photos By: + Moose Peterson
The + Sony A7 and A7R are the first mirrorless interchangeable lens cameras with full-frame sensors. In this exclusive interview we talk with Mike Bubolo of Sony, who also familiarizes us with the RX10 , which features a 1" sensor and impressive 24-200mm f/2.8 lens. First Look: Sony Introduces the a7 Full-Frame Mirrorless System via B&H InDepth
Introducing the First Mirrorless Full Frame Interchangeable Lens Camera! ★Announcing the Sony a7 & a7R! Now Available for Pre-Order★
#Manfrotto has released a new collection of Pro and Advanced water-repellent bags for carrying the gear that professionals and advanced hobbyists need by their side. The bags include the Pro line of backpacks, holsters, roller bags, and shoulder bags and the Advanced line of holsters, shoulder and sling bags and Gear, Active, and Tri backpacks. via B&H InDepth Which one is perfect for you?
Save 30% off Select ExpoDiscs! Offer Ends 10/31/13 The ExpoDisc Neutral White Balance Filter allows digital photographers to quickly and easily set an accurate custom white balance. Each ExpoDisc is individually assembled, calibrated and certified for neutrality in the visible spectrum, and for 18% light transmission.
This week in the news: Nikon announced the updated D610 DSLR; Pentax debuted the new K-3 DSLR and a 55-300mm f/4 lens; Zeiss announced the Otus 55mm f/1.4 lens for Nikon and Canon DSLRs; and Leica unveiled a one-of-a-kind rangefinder that was designed by Apple's Jonathan Ive and Marc Newson. This is your B&H Photo Pulse News Roundup for October 11, 2013
Humor: 10 Ways 'Not' to Use a FocusMaker via B&H Insights We asked the community at the B&H Facebook Page if they could explain what the FocusMaker DSLR Focusing Tool was used for. Over 100 comments quickly piled in, and many of them were humorous. Here's a list of the top 10 ways not to use this piece of gear.
The #Wacom Cintiq 22HD Touch provides a unique balance between pen and multi-touch input. With the inclusion of multi-touch, the Wacom Cintiq 22HD Touch makes digital writing and drawing much more interactive and intuitive. Instead of using just the pen and keyboard shortcuts to rotate the image, you'll be able to use two fingers, keeping your hands on the screen and allowing you to work more fluidly. via B&H InDepth #Photography #Photoshop
We are happy to announce that we now sell the FocusMaker DSLR Focusing Tool : a follow focus system that allows you to get fast, smooth, and accurate focusing on virtually any DSLR lens! #Videography #HDSLR
How I Got the Shot : David Kingham on Snowy Range Perseids via B&H InSights The Perseids is one of the most active meteor showers in the sky, and it acts as an annual challenge for photographers wishing to capture its majesty. In this installment of How I Got the Shot, David shares the gear he took along on the shoot, the settings he used, and he provides crucial tips on how to carry out the post-production processing! #astrophotography #perseids #photography #meteorshower
★★★ Announcing the Nikon D610! (body only) Now Available for Pre-Order! ★★★
★★★ Announcing the Nikon D610 DSLR Camera with 28-300mm Lens. Now Available for Pre-Order! ★★★
★★★ Announcing the Nikon D610 DSLR Camera with 24-85mm Lens. Now Available for Pre-Order! ★★★
★★★ Announcing the #Pentax K-3 DSLR! Available for Pre-Order! ★★★
The Zeiss Otus 55mm f/1.4 APO-Distagon is the first lens in the new ultra-high-grade Otus line for #Nikon and #Canon DSLRs. The bird naming started with the #Touit line and this convention continues with Otus, the genus to which owls belong. #Zeiss has dropped hints that the #Otus line will consist of extreme-performance ƒ/1.4 lenses. It is a true professional-grade lens in every respect, thinking not so much in DSLR terms as in traditional medium format terms, with the associated high expectations for optical performance and top-flight build quality. via B&H InDepth ★★★ Now Available for Pre-Order! Zeiss 55mm f/1.4 Otus Distagon T ★★★ #TechNews #technology #photography
Recent news: + GoPro announced HERO3+, the latest versions of their popular action cameras; Nikon released the rugged, weather-sealed 1 AW1 mirrorless camera; Leica came out with a new S-System Elmarit-S 45 mm f/2.8 ASPH lens; Lomography introduced a new Diana F+ medium format camera with an Instax back; and Native Instruments unveiled the new Maschine Studio. This is your B&H Photo Pulse News Roundup for October 4, 2013. #technews
What do you think of this new concept from Sony? ★★★ Now In-Stock! Sony DSC-QX10 Digital Camera Module for Smartphones ★★★
Join Mia McCormick, of Kelby Media, as she discusses the Canon Vixia Mini Compact Personal Camcorder , and why it may be the video-blogging tool for you. This video explores the specifications of the camcorder, including the 12.8MP sensor that captures stills and Full HD video, DIGIC DV 4 image processor, and f/2.8 lens with ultra-wide-angle and close-up recording options. via B&H InDepth
"How I Built My Podcasting Network" If you've ever searched the web to determine the proper use of a semicolon, or to figure out the difference between "affect" and "effect," then you've likely encountered Ms. + Mignon Fogarty , who is better known as Grammar Girl. What's become a media empire started out as a humble, five-minute grammar podcast. One individual with a microphone, an internet connection and a dream. B&H Insights caught up with Mignon to find out how she got her start, how she developed her network, and what she envisions for the future.
CONTEST: Last chance to submit your “Ultimate Music Moment!” Musical performances, crowds and artists. Extended Deadline Ends 10/8/13 Photo By: Lidia Sharapova
Smaller. Lighter. Mightier Still ★★★ Announcing the all new GoPro HERO3+ Black Edition Camera ★★★ Now Available for Pre-Order!
The Moose Cruise II Sponsored by Lexar and Circle Line Thursday, October 3, 2013 3:00-7:00pm Join master photographer + Moose Peterson as he takes command of a swift Circle Line Ship for the second year in a row. Get up close to iconic NYC monuments like the Statue of Liberty and Ellis Island; shoot from a unique vantage point beneath legendary bridges such as the Brooklyn, Manhattan, and Williamsburg Bridges and more. Moose will be on the ship board public address system to point out key photo ops as well as mingling with the attendees and spreading his wisdom. We have timed this cruise to provide possibilities for stunning photographs lit with a spectacular fall sunset.
+ Don Henderson Yes that is the famous Gabe!
Street Shooting 50 Feet in the Air : A Conversation with Stephen Wilkes via B&H InSights See more photos of Stephen Wilkes wildly popular 'Day to Night' series
The B&H SuperStore and Offices are closed in observance of Succos and will reopen on Sunday, September 29th at 10AM EDT. All orders placed will be processed when we reopen. Online ordering will be unavailable from 7PM EDT tonight through Saturday, September 21st at 8:15 PM EDT. We apologize for the inconvenience and appreciate your patronage!
The School of International Center of Photography $50 off any course! www.icp.org Code: 13FBH50 Offer expires September 27 SCHOOL OPEN HOUSE – WEDNESDAY SEPTEMBER 18 at 6pm Please RSVP online or call 212-857-0001
Friendly reminder about our Upcoming Succos Holiday Closing The B&H SuperStore and Offices will close on Wednesday, September 18th, at 1:00PM EDT, and will reopen on Sunday, September 29th, at 10:00AM EDT. Orders placed after Wednesday, September 18th, 7:00AM EDT will be processed after we reopen on Sunday, September 29th. We apologize for the inconvenience and appreciate your patronage.
Fujifilm has just announced a new and especially unique member of its line of X-series mirrorless digital cameras: the X-A1 . This camera stands out among the X-M1, X-E1, and X-Pro1 as the first to feature a traditional Bayer filter arrangement CMOS sensor, versus their proprietary X-Trans CMOS sensor, and also features an intuitive handling and control interface that is complemented by built-in Wi-Fi connectivity. Fujifilm has also announced a new telephoto zoom lens, the second in their XC lens line-up: the XC 50-230mm f/4.5-6.7 OIS lens . via B&H InDepth
The votes are in! Watch and congratulate the 3 winners of the "Stop! That's not what it's meant for!" Video Contest!
This week in the news: Olympus announced the new OM-D E-M1 Mirrorless digital camera and two new lenses; Apple revealed the new iPhone 5c and iPhone 5s ; Leica unveiled the Audi-designed Leica C compact camera; Fujifilm added a 23mm lens to its X-mount lineup; and Zeiss announced a 15-30mm T2.9 compact cine zoom lens. This is your B&H Photo Pulse News Roundup for September 12, 2013
Where is the first place you would fly your GoPro? Save $200 Instantly on the DJI Phantom Quadcopter with GoPro Mount! Rebate Expires 10/31/13
+ HoldFast HoldFastGear was born of combining elegance with modern functionality and is proudly made in the heart of the United States! All the details on B&H InDepth:
Manfrotto has introduced a line of magnesium-alloy ball heads that feature the Q6 Top Lock Quick-Release. The company that has made myriad quick releases and plates has decided to put its own spin on the classic Arca Swiss format. via B&H InDepth
The new Olympus OM-D E-M1 Micro Four Thirds camera is a high-end offering aimed squarely at the professional and advanced enthusiast, and adds significant enhancements to the already well-received OM-D E-M5. The new 16.3MP Live MOS sensor features rapid dual-phase and contrast autofocus (AF) and is coupled with a new TruePic VII image processor designed for maximum performance, allowing the camera to easily compete image-wise, and in some cases beat, larger-sensor-sized cameras. via B&H InDepth
★ Announcing the Olympus OM-D E-M1! Now Available for Pre-Order! Body Only:
VIDEO : Sony has announced two new innovative cameras that are like no other. The DSC-QX100 Digital Camera and the DSC-QX10 Digital Camera are designed to be clipped to a smartphone and utilize the phone’s screen as a monitor and control panel!
