Sony A7, A7r finally unveiled Sony has finally announced its long-rumored, much-anticipated A7 and A7r. According to the Japanese company, they are the first mirrorless cameras with interchangeable lens and full-frame sensors in the world. The cameras have the same body and share a lot ...
Leaked photo shows iPad Mini 2 slightly thinner than the current model There have been a lot of rumors going around that the iPad Mini 2 will get a Retina display like that of the current full-sized iPad. However, a new leaked photo from China suggests that the upcoming device will get the same 1,024x768 screen seen on the ori...
Panasonic Lumix GM1 unveiled Panasonic today unveiled its latest mirrorless interchangeable lens camera. The Lumix GM1 is an ultra-compact camera that takes the the mirrorless compact market market to a new level. It's much smaller than the tiny Pentax Q10 although the latter sports a ...
Nikon D5300 officially announced Nikon has just added a new mid-range DSLR camera to its offerings. The D5300, as you may have guessed, is the follow-up to the D5200. It adds more pixels, Wi-Fi and GPS but lacks AA filter. Other key features include a 24-megapixel sensor, a larger 3.2-inch...
Galaxy S4 sales fell to 5 million units in August The sales of Samsung's current flagship smartphone, the Galaxy S4, have taken a nosedive. According to Counterpoint, the South Korean company sold just about 5 million handsets in August, less than two million units sold in June. Although the device still t...
Intel pushes Broadwell production to Q1 2014 Production of Intel's next generation mobile and desktop processors known by their code name as Broadwell has been delayed due a manufacturing glitch, IDG News reports. According to the Website, the chip giant has encountered some problems that are related ...
Sony A7, A7r finally unveiled Sony has finally announced its long-rumored, much-anticipated A7 and A7r. According to the Japanese company, they are the first mirrorless cameras with interchangeable lens and full-frame sensors in the world. The cameras have the same body and share a lot ...
Apple issues invitation for October 22 event Apple has sent out invitation for its October 22 press event, where it's expected to announce multiple new products. As seen below, the invitation teases: "We still have a lot to cover." The event will be held at the Yerba Buena Center for the Arts in San F...
iPhone 5S accounted for almost two-thirds iPhone sales in September - survey Latest figures from Consumer Research Partners (via AllThingsD )indicate that 64 percent of those who bought iPhones in September opted for Apple's latest flagship, the iPhone 5S, while the budget-priced iPhone 5C accounted for 27 percent. The iPhone 4S, a ...
Samsung is not buying Fingerprint Cars AB Samsung has called a press release distributed by Cision earlier today completely false. According to the PR, the South Korean company has splashed out $650 million for Fingerprint Cards AB, a Sweden-based company that specializes in fingerprint technology....
iPhone 5S, 5C selling well, but demand for mini Android handsets remains low Apple's latest iPhones, the 5S and the 5C, are selling very well, but demands for shrunk-down versions of Android flagships like the Galaxy S4 Mini and the HTC One Mini have been rather weak, according to a report from Digitimes . As the Taiwan-based online...
Bigger iPhone coming next year - analyst Apple is on track to launch a larger iPhone in 2014, according to Brian White of Cantor Fitzgerald. As the analyst said, during a recent visit to a tech supply chain vendor in China he was told that Apple is working on an iPhone with bigger screen. " Give...
Rumor: Samsung to release Galaxy S5 ahead of schedule Samsung might release its next flagship smartphone, the Galaxy S5, ahead of schedule, that's what we've learned from Naver.com (via GForGames.com ). As the South Korea-based online publication is to be believed, Samsung is not pleased with the Galaxy S4 sal...
Sony Xperia Z1 f unveiled in Japan Sony has finally announced the new Xperia Z1 f in Japan, The Verge says. The device is a smaller version of Sony's current flagship - the Xperia Z1 - and is now available on NTT DoCoMo network in the Land of the Rising Sun. It brings many features of the bi...
iPhone 5S, 5C heading to more than 25countries on October 25 Apple has officially announced that its latest iPhones, the 5S and 5C, will go on sale in more than 25 countries on Friday, October 25. According to the US tech company, the most major market where the devices will be available starting from that day are It...
NPD DisplaySearch: Apple to revamp displays of its products in 2014 Apple will rely heavily on display technology innovation to keep its edge over competitors, NPD DisplaySearch for Greater China David Hsieh wrote in an article posted in DisplaySearch blog on Monday. Citing unnamed supply chain sources, Hsieh predicts Apple...
Next iPad, new MacBook Pro to debut on October 22 - report It's not official yet, but people familiar with the matter have told AllThingsD that Apple will hold a press event on October 22 to announce the next iPad(s), and probably, the new MacBook Pro. Apparently, the event will focus on the new iPads. By now, we'v...
Nikon D610 features 24-megapixel sensor, HD video recording Nikon has just added a new full-frame dSLR camera to its offerings. The D610 is a step up from the D600 that was announced year ago and has some new features. It offers a 24.3-megapixel sensor and runs a Nikon EXPEED 3 imaging engine which works with both w...
Sharp showing off 32-inch Mac-compatible 4K touch screen Sharp has officially confirmed it will bring to the market a 32-inch 4K touch screen. According to the Japanese display maker, the PN-K322B is a 3,840x2,160 IGZO panel with capacitive touch interface and pen support and it's fully compatible with OS X. The ...
Next iPhone will sport a 4.8-inch screen, analyst predicts Apple's next iPhone will likely get a larger screen, Peter Misek of Jefferies wrote in a note to clients on Monday after meeting with Apple suppliers. As he predicts, the handset will gain 4.8-inch display, a significant boost over the 4-inch iPhone 5S, iPh...
Apple could sell as many as 10M iWatch in first year - survey Apple could sell up to 10 million iWatch in its first year availability, according to a survey conducted by Piper Jaffray. The investment company also predicts that the device would have a penetration rate of between 2 and 4 percent among iPhone owners. Sin...
iPhone 5S, 5C doing very well at all US carriers - Canaccord Genuity Latest sales figures released by Canaccord Genuity indicate that the iPhone 5S is now the top-selling smartphone at all four US major wireless carriers, Michael Walkley of Canaccord Genuity wrote in a note to clients on Friday. What's more interesting, the ...
New Xperia Z1 Mini images hit the Web It looks like that Sony is getting ready to unveil a smaller version of the Xperia Z1. As Xperia Blog reports, a couple of photos of the device taken from a promotional brochure have surfaced on the Web. The pictures show the handset in black, white, lime a...
Apple, Samsung account for more than 65 percent of US smartphone market - comScore Apple and Samsung have further consolidated their hold on the US smartphone market. According to the latest numbers released by comScore, both the companies accounted for more than 65 percent of all smartphones sold in the United States during the three mon...
iPhone 5S outsold Galaxy S4 in US in September - report The iPhone 5S has outsold Samsung's Galaxy S4 to become the best selling smartphone in the US for the month of September. According to a report released by Canaccord Genuity today, Apple's latest flagship handset was the best buy at all four major wireless ...
FIDO: First Android phones with fingerprint sensors to hit the market next year As we all know, Apple iPhone 5S is the world's first smartphone equipped with a biometric sensor that allows users to bypass the traditional unlock screen and log in to iTunes for purchases with a fingerprint swipe. As of today, there is no Android phone th...
Sony NEX-A7, A7r coming later this month Sony is set to add two new high-end cameras to its offerings, Sony Alpha Rumors says. According to the blog, the models in questions are the NEX-A7 and A7r. Both models are rumored to be full frame, but the first will sport a 24-megapixel sensor like that o...
Retina display for iPad Mini 2 facing delay - report There's a little chance that Apple will unveil a Retina iPad Mini later this month. As people familiar with the matter told Reuters , Apple's supply chain is gearing up to make Retina displays for the second generation 7.9-inch slate. In other words, the de...
Apple testing flexible OLED display for iWatch There are rumors going around that Apple has decided to use flexible OLED display for its iWatch. If Chosul Ilbo is to be believed, the California, Cupertino-based tech company is now testing the smartwatch prototypes with three different screen sizes - 1.3...
PS4 more popular than Xbox One in US - survey Sony's latest game console, the PlayStation 4, is more popular with US gamers than the Microsoft Xbox One, according to a survey conducted last week and published today by Reuters/Ipsos. The survey also found that more than 25 percent of respondents were in...
Xperia Z1 Mini's first image, specs leaked Sony is actually working on a smaller version of the well-received Xperia Z1 aka Honami. According to Xperia Blog, the device has appeared in a document allegedly belonging to NTT DoCoMo and is dubbed Sony Xperia Z1 f (SO-02F). It's believed that it's the l...
Apple A8 chip will be built by both Samsung and TSMC - report Production of Apple's next generation A-series chip, dubbed A8, will be handled by both TSMC and Samsung, Apple Insider reports, citing The Korea Economic Daily and industry sources in East Asia. As they claim, difficulties with the 20 nanometer manufacturi...
Rumor: iPad 5, Pad Mini 2 to gain A7 chip, Touch ID sensor If Sonny Dickson , the Aussie teenager who behind numerous leak of unreleased Apple products is to be believed, the next generation iPad and iPad Mini will gain the new A7 chip that's found inside the iPhone 5S. What's more interesting, the devices will get...
New eight-core Mac Pro shows up in benchmarks Geekbench on Friday published benchmark results of what appears to be a new Mac Pro. The system in question is powered by an 8-core Intel...
Gold iPad Mini 2 with Touch ID spotted It looks like the next iPad Mini will arrive with the same color options as the iPhone 5S. As Trusted Review reports (via Nowhereelse.fr...
iSuppli: Retina iPad Mini October launch uncertain Apple is on track to launch its next full-sized iPad next month, but the Retina display toting iPad Mini looks less certain for that time...
Rumor: Nikon D610, D5300 to debut in October Nikon is going to make some big announcements in early October, Nikon Rumors says. According to the blog, the D610 will make its first ap...
Xperia Z1 vs Galaxy S4 - review Obviously, the Xperia Z1 is the best smartphone ever created by Sony. It's also one of the best Android handset introduced in the second ...
