This gives a whole new meaning to the term "push-up bra". I think.
I stand by my earlier comment. ;)
+ Dave Robinson There's also the "Mute post" option. I think it accomplishes what you were looking for with 0% backlash.
New Sony A7R Full-Frame mirrorless takes computational photography to a new level! I got a sneak preview of the whole new Sony camera system. Here’s what you need to know. I’m not gonna take eight paragraphs to tell you the basics. You’re smart; here are the key factors about the new Sony A7R: Full-Frame, 36 Megapixels, Weather-sealed, Crazy autofocus tricks, Much improved noise-reduction, Built-in WIFI and NFC, Improved-everything-else. Am I switching? Yes! Absolutely! I consider this a major upgrade from my NEX-7. Read my full write-up over on my blog:
I'm not convinced that's the best recipe for a TARDIS cocktail, tbh. Plus, shouldn't it be blue?? Obviously, we need to do some hard research on this...
Amazing! Free! + Square Cash - a new service from the company that makes those credit card swipe devices for smartphones/tablets - send/receive cash payments via email with no transaction fees. https://square.com/cash
New Sony A7R Full-Frame mirrorless takes computational photography to a new level! I got a sneak preview of the whole new Sony camera system. Here’s what you need to know. I’m not gonna take eight paragraphs to tell you the basics. You’re smart; here are the key factors about the new Sony A7R: Full-Frame, 36 Megapixels, Weather-sealed, Crazy autofocus tricks, Much improved noise-reduction, Built-in WIFI and NFC, Improved-everything-else. Am I switching? Yes! Absolutely! I consider this a major upgrade from my NEX-7. Read my full write-up over on my blog:
Happy birthday + Stacey Au ! Hmm... What shape piñata would Stacey have at her birthday party, I wonder.... Hope it's a great one.
Nature's Nectar Sparkling Spiced Pumpkin Cider $1.99 for 16.7oz in a kick-ass resealable (Grolsch-style) bottle Available at Aldi. Yes, we're hitting the pumpkin sauce pretty hard here at home. And this guy brings it in nicely without being too heavy on the cinnamon, trading a kick of ginger in its place. Yummy and 60% fruit juice to boot.
Hello "Enemy of the World" and "Web of Fear"... Welcome back home. Officially. #doctorwho #missingepisodes
I'd expect nothing less than this from DW fandom, honestly. #onlyamatteroftime #cwutididthar #doctorwho #missingepisodes
lol. Poor choice of "pants" though, outhousers... #doctorwho #missingepisodes
New + vlogbrothers video! I apply for health insurance through the Affordable Care Act exchanges and a traditional private insurer: Applying for Health Insurance: Then and Now
+ Ryan Bassler Do you mean from a tech/website application process point of view? I felt the point was more in the level of questioning and amount of data needing to be provided that was being compared.
It's a fair cop to say this isn't the most thorough of analyses. I'd have liked for him to have done at least one or two other private insurers--ranging in size of company. From what I know/have heard tell from those that similarly have used them, the enroll process in the video mirrors that for the largest and most common of the private insurance companies.
BOOM! goes the internets! #doctorwho #missingepisodes
+ Randy Dean You've got that right! The press conference/release info has been delayed until later in the week, unfortunately... just to torment us for a few more days!
Enough of this. #GOPshutdown #hostagesofthegop
A photo story on the deliberately chaotic warehouse system that Amazon uses. Products are not stored by categories, rather they are put in the next available shelf space, and then picked by picker following an algo generated optimal path. Very clever. Pickers need to speed-walk 10-15 miles per day. (I was a picker once in a warehouse; okay for someone young and fit.)
Re the US government shutdown -- Old Abe may have said it best iIn February 1860, while initially running for President. Bear in mind: today's Republican Party is largely based (regionally and thematically) in regions that were in those days Democratic, and vice versa. Abraham Lincoln said: "Your purpose, then, plainly stated, is that you will destroy the Government, unless you be allowed to construe and enforce the Constitution as you please, on all points in dispute between you and us. You will rule or ruin in all events. [...] Under all these circumstances, do you really feel yourselves justified to break up this Government unless such a court decision as yours is, shall be at once submitted to as a conclusive and final rule of political action?" "But you will not abide the election of a Republican president! In that supposed event, you say, you will destroy the Union; and then, you say, the great crime of having destroyed it will be upon us! That is cool. A highwayman holds a pistol to my ear, and mutters through his teeth, "Stand and deliver, or I shall kill you, and then you will be a murderer!" [...] "A few words now to Republicans. It is exceedingly desirable that all parts of this great Confederacy shall be at peace, and in harmony, one with another. Let us Republicans do our part to have it so. Even though much provoked, let us do nothing through passion and ill temper. " Now combine this with Lincoln's later Gettysburg Address, calling on Americans to ensure that "government of the people, by the people, for the people shall not perish from the Earth." Roll it over the tongue, and ponder how bitter it must taste to the New Confederates, who recite the Fox Nostrum that "government" is evil in principle, and under all conditions! (Despite having supported it blindly when the blithering incompetents in charge were from their side.) Men (mostly) who ignore the declining deficit, or the fact that US federal tax rates are at their lowest levels in 70 years. Or the lesson of 60 centuries that most oppression came not from civil servants but owner-oligarchs. Just as a million poor whites marched foolishly (albeit bravely!) to fight and die for their feudal overlords in 1861, so do millions now obey Rupert Murdoch's mantras, despising any class or cadre (e.g. scientists, teachers, civil servants and so on) who might possibly stand in the way of a new feudal order. Since the fall of the outrageously evil Soviet Empire, I have seen no greater threat to the republic that I love, and the renaissance it helped engender.
I like the sound of this. In space, no one can hear reality stars whinge.
Allow me to say... HELL YES! to this. #JLAWR #RAWR !
Today, due to a stalemate in Congress the government has been shutdown. This has affected many federal agencies, but one of the agencies it has affected most is NASA. The government agency that put men on the Moon, landed rovers on Mars and sent a spacecraft into interstellar space has furloughed 97% of its employees, keeping only mission critical services intact while the shutdown commences. When it has been decided that the vast majority of what NASA does is not essential enough to continue funding during the government shutdown, the people who support NASA, through the Internet and social media, have taken the charge to show just how important NASA really is to the public. On Twitter alone NASA had to apologize to five million followers that it would not be tweeting while the government is shutdown. NASA has embraced social media to get people, especially kids, interested in science and space. Based on the reactions of people all over the Internet, it is succeeding. Scientific research has seemed increasingly threatened in recent years, but more and more social media is making it easier to generate interest in science and people are coming to appreciate the value of investments in the sciences. Whether the massive public interest in science and NASA will help the government realize how important these things are to the people, or if it will help end this shutdown, in the short term, is unclear. In the long term though, it can prove to be the thing that saves agencies like NASA and other science funding. To read more, head to this page: Remind Congress why NASA matters. Tell them to end the shutdown, and put NASA back to work: #NASA #Penny4NASA #GovtShutdown #SocialMedia
Tenacious D's FESTIVAL SUPREME is coming October 19th and here they are to tell you all about it! ... Sort of.
I have to admit, that I enjoy the Pumpkin Spice doughnut a bit more... but:﻿ #KrispySkremes are back, yo!
+ Julie Villarinho Here's a post I think you need to check out. https://plus.google.com/u/0/113413631123566181546/posts/hMCHTAEwkBd
You two need to join in the fun here more.
Today, NASA furloughed 97% of their workforce in accordance with the government shutdown on the 55th anniversary of the day NASA began operations. Take Action Now To Stop The NASA Shutdown: Tell Congress To Put NASA Back To Work #Penny4NASA #NASA #STEM #Space #Science #Technology #Budget #GovernmentShutdown
The Government Shutdown and YOUR National Parks: What you need to know From the Grand Canyon to Gettysburg, Acadia to the Everglades, the impact of the government shutdown is being felt in every national park across America. As an important member of the national parks community, we want to provide you the latest updates, and hope you will share this information with other national park enthusiasts and invite them to join us. Because the ramifications vary widely, it is important for you to have the pertinent information to fully understand what this means for your parks. Impact on parks due to government shutdown • All 401 national parks across the country are closed affecting as many as 715,000 national park visitors each day the government remains shutdown. • More than 21,000 national park staff members have been furloughed meaning critical resource management, including important scientific monitoring to protect endangered species, is not taking place. • Due to closures, planned field trips are being cancelled denying teachers and students across the country access to our nation’s largest open classrooms. Already have a trip planned to the parks October is peak season for many national park tourists. If you have a trip planned to a national park during the closures, please contact your hotel or lodge directly. All reservation lines should remain open through the shutdown, providing up to date information about reservation status. Things you can do We will keep you informed of new developments and pertinent park news as the government shutdown evolves. Your support and commitment to America’s national parks is vital in this time of uncertainty. With your help, the National Park Foundation can continue to directly support the more than 400 national parks around the country. Help today by donating or by inviting others to join our national park community at www.nationalparks.org or at facebook.com/nationalpark . With thanks, Signature of Neil J. Mulholland Neil J. Mulholland President & CEO
An exceptional interview with Chris Carter on The X-files, it's anniversary, legacy, and much more. #xfiles #xfiles20 #trustnoone
Happy 123rd Birthday Yosemite National Park!! ... now everybody get out of the park immediately, we're closed. The moose out front shoulda told ya. #hostagesoftheGOP
Stewart hits the nail on the head once again. It's a law. #dailyshow
The new GoPro HERO3+ is here with an awesome video.
Here's what the Government Shutdown Means for NASA If you try to go to NASA's main website, you just get redirected to an offline note. Every single page. Needless to say, if this lasts more than a few days, it's going to have a huge impact on the US space program. Here's what's currently impacted. Great article from + Elizabeth Howell
