"The funny part is that I've been waiting over a year for my own LEICA M typ. 240, and it just arrived on Friday. Sadly, it's just a loaner, but with the A7, I'll probably own a Sony A7 long before I can buy an M typ. 240. The LEICA M 240 is in such short supply it sells for more used over eBay than new." I love it how everyone is ready to take a shit all over Ken Rockwell but he is the first one that bothered pointing out that the Leica M is not only horribly expensive, but it has really long waiting periods. As in he had to wait for a year before he could get a loaner, and on eBay the used ones are selling higher than MSRP. If you can even find one.
Damn: Sony NEX-C3: 110 mm x 60 mm x 33 mm Panasonic Lumix DMC-GM1: 99 mm x 55 mm x 30 mm C3s are fantastic and very very small. And this thing is even smaller, and M43 glass is more compact. This is one hell of an achievement, it is not my cup of tea since I am invested in APS-C for the time being, but this is a very interesting option for somebody dying to move to a removable lens system but worried about size issues.
#fmsphotoaday #project365 : First World Problem(s) 1. The front-facing camera on my cell phone doesn't have vibration reduction 2. I switched back to contact lenses, so I have to wear sunglasses again
#fmsphotoaday #project365 : First World Problem(s) 1. The front-facing camera on my cell phone doesn't have vibration reduction 2. I switched back to contact lenses, so I have to wear sunglasses again
These things are so expensive that the poor doctor can't afford a fucking watch so he/she can see me at the time of the actual appointment. /30 minutes and counting ...
Are you one of those that can't play Mirror's Edge?
Sonofabitch! Why didn't I think of this? BTW, thanks to + Jana Eastwood for showing me this. More at
Another focus stacking experiment.
I love my SEL30M35, the reproduction ratio is very close to 1:1.
The wheel allows direct manual focus. What I do is I use P mode, selective area focus, then move the caret to different areas of the item. Half-press on the shutter to focus, then use the direct manual focus to tweak. Or I could just switch it to manual focus and use the wheel directly. The only shortcoming of this lens is it is not a walk-around lens.
First serious attempt at focus stacking. Many thanks to the folks at Elements Village for their tutorial and ready-to-run actions ( ) Larger version: #macrophotography #macro
First serious attempt at focus stacking. Many thanks to the folks at Elements Village for their tutorial and ready-to-run actions ( ) Larger version: #macrophotography #macro
No good deed ever goes unpunished: + Ivette Vera : "If you can shoot like that, you don't need that new (Sony A7) camera ..."
It's a long running joke among my friends. If it looks too good then it must be photo-shopped. As for the "messed the eyes" remark, + Brad Hughes is simply making sure I don't forget I was the one that started screaming when I realized that with 2-3 more shots I could have gotten the eyes in creep-spectacular definition.
Small correction to the article: whenever he says "cheap" he really means "inexpensive." I own a Samyang/Rokinon/Bower 2.8/8 Fisheye and it is fantastic, and extremely inexpensive. But it isn't cheap, it feels very solid and very well made. And those T1.5/35s for $500 or so look like a fantastic deal, even if they if they are huge. I bet one of those things isn't much bigger than my Zeiss 1.4/50 if you take into account the CY to NEX adapter ...
"The funny part is that I've been waiting over a year for my own LEICA M typ. 240, and it just arrived on Friday. Sadly, it's just a loaner, but with the A7, I'll probably own a Sony A7 long before I can buy an M typ. 240. The LEICA M 240 is in such short supply it sells for more used over eBay than new." I love it how everyone is ready to take a shit all over Ken Rockwell but he is the first one that bothered pointing out that the Leica M is not only horribly expensive, but it has really long waiting periods. As in he had to wait for a year before he could get a loaner, and on eBay the used ones are selling higher than MSRP. If you can even find one.
I have known about these two cameras thanks to rumor sites for close to a year, but it wasn't until about a month ago when the rumors were actually solid enough. We all knew that Sony would eventually do this, we just didn't know the timing, price or if the mount would remain E instead of A. The important thing to notice here is that Sony is basically telling Leica to go fuck itself. This is not me being crass, look at this scenario: You got $5,450.00 saved away to buy yourself a Leica Type 220, aka the Leica M-E, which is mostly a rebadged M9, a camera that came out in 2009 so you are paying $5,450.00 for a camera that was obsolete the day it came out over 4 years ago. This is without even a lens. Now take your $5,450.00 and go to Amazon and put both the A7R body, and the A7+ combo lens kit, in your shopping cart: $4,296.00 Now add a Zeiss 1.5/50 ZM to the cart, that's $5,497.00. Now add the less expensive Leica-M to NEX adapter to the cart, your total before taxes, shipping, etc. is $5,512.99. For $62.99 more you got an extra body, so you can now decide on the fly if you want to shoot with or without the antialiasing filter. You also got two lenses so you can walk around with a zoom and a prime. And this is just the M-E, which is an old camera with a different paint job and microscopic changes to the original M9. Let's do this again, only this time with the current Leica M: $6,950.00 for just a Leica M body. Based on my shopping cart above, I got $1437.01 left. So I added the Zeiss 2/50 ZM, so my total is now $6,371.99. The $578.01 left is for sales tax, shipping, and maybe getting some insurance on the bodies. What if you already have a supply of Leica M lenses? One A7, one A7R, two Leica-M to NEX adapters, and four-year warranty extension with accidental damages and spill protection = $4,208.96, which leaves you $2741.04. Or you could go For one A7, TWO A7Rs, three Leica-M to NEX adapters, and add a four-year warranty extension plus accidental damages and spill protection to each of the three camera bodies for $6,619.94. Still less than one Leica M body. You can use the remaining $331 for bribes or to pay some kid to haul your backpack for you. BTW, notice I haven't said a thing about the cost of Leica M lenses, that's not my point. Leica is entitled to charge an arm and a leg for a lens that usually survives the owner and is passed down as a family heirloom. What they can't do is continue preserving the myth that a piece of throw-away electronics like a digital M camera can be priced the same way as an artisan-class jewel like an M3->M7 film body. If you want to see something depressing, take a look at the M8/M9 sale trends on eBay, then compare them to the sale trends for any kind of glass that fits into a Leica M bayonet mount. The Lenses are prized possessions, the digital M bodies are throw aways, so why the hell should we be expected to pay so much for a disposable item? It isn't due to the technology in the body, that's for sure.
Or you can count to 5 and watch the stampede trying to get rid of their NEX-7s on eBay. I would happily relieve some desperate soul of his pampered NEX-7 is the price was right.
I think you'll love the electronic spirit level and the EVF in the -7. It's one hell of a camera.
No sauce, that's just boiled with salt and then later he colors them in a zip loc bag with food coloring.
I don't eat pasta anymore. Back when I did I liked it with proper sauce. He likes it with a tiny little bit of butter, no cheese at all, no sauce at all. Ivette likes your standard spaghetti and meatballs in heavy meat sauce and parmesan on top.
"And you thought the Germans were classless pieces of shit..." ROTFLMAO
#fmsphotoaday #project365 : Secret. At least until the powers-that-be either defeat Moore's Law or Mathematicians defeat public key cryptography. And of course, assuming neither of these events has already happened.
#fmsphotoaday #project365 : Secret. At least until the powers-that-be either defeat Moore's Law or Mathematicians defeat public key cryptography. And of course, assuming neither of these events has already happened.
#fmsphotoaday #project365 : Favorite space. The short flange-to-sensor distance in all Sony NEX cameras. Why? Because I can go to eBay at any time and find a fantastic lens for under $20 and all I'll need is an inexpensive metal ring (average cost is $10) to make it work with either of my NEX bodies.
#fmsphotoaday #project365 : Favorite space. The short flange-to-sensor distance in all Sony NEX cameras. Why? Because I can go to eBay at any time and find a fantastic lens for under $20 and all I'll need is an inexpensive metal ring (average cost is $10) to make it work with either of my NEX bodies.
Does anyone know how big that garden is? Does it need more than an hour a day of maintenance? Can't FLOTUS and her two daughters pitch in and get it squared away? I actually speak from personal experience, my dad refused to let anything grow in our back yard unless it produced something edible, so we never had a lawn, instead it was tomatoes, beans, lettuce, eggplant, pumpkins, plus we had coconut palms, plantains, bananas, mangoes and even guavas. And this was a small lot, I doubt it was more than a quarter of an acre and there was enough room for a chicken coop and a rabbit cage. The only thing I didn't like about our garden? The division of labor. Basically our father was only involved in buying the seeds and planting and watering. All of the back breaking part of the equation was done by myself and my brother.
What's funny here is the official party line: FLOTUS wanted a garden because the girls weren't eating right, they were eating either outside food or sammiches. But now the garden is basically in disrepair. What are the girls eating? Twinkies?
I was thinking the same, it was back breaking work in the hot tropical sun. We had to pull all weeds by hand, couldn't use machines because some of the plants were too delicate, it took him years to budge and let us use a string trimmer in some of the "safe" areas, like around the bigger trees. You try to do that today and they'll bring you up on charges.
Hoes for the delicate areas, machetes for wider areas.
Funny thing is my dad refused to charge for anything, and it was impossible for anyone to visit us and leave the house without a couple of sacks full of veggies plus maybe one or two chicken/rabbits in a bag, already cleaned up and ready to cook. When his brother retired and moved back to PR he started doing the same crap.
Yup, this is a thing.
Meh, heavy metal and psychedelic rock bluegrass is yesterday, today is ukelele. BTW, bluegrass pink floyd and primus? awesome.
Can't find the Primus one, but I found Journey's: There's also a fantastic reggae tribute to Dark Side of the Moon:
So that's how that happens!
How long before the #leica camp starts freaking out and launching preemptive strikes about why it makes more sense to buy a camera body that costs four times more than this? Or how an optical rangefinder is superior. Or about the leic mythos or whatever the hell? I hope this makes them lose a lot of sleep because within a year everyone is going to have a full-frame body with a short flange distance like this one, none of which is going to cost more than $2,500, and each of those is going to be able to use Leica M-mount lenses with nothing more than a small adapter and with no impact on image quality. Zeiss and Voigtlander (what the hell, Cosina makes both) aren't going to suffer from this, all they'll do is sell more lenses. The only one taking a hit here is going to be Leica.
If you want to use it for video, the A7, otherwise the A7r.
You can use your NEX lenses in crop mode, or you can use older manual lenses plus an adapter with no vignetting, these lenses will cover a 35mm area.
And so it starts: *The politicians insist everything is OK and nothing was/is/wrong *The high-level executives at the government agencies blame the executive branch and the contracting companies *The lower-level minions at the agencies blame the high-level executives at the government, the executive branch, and the contracting agencies *The contracting agencies blame the executive branch for lack of specs, and the government agencies for not testing ("it's not our fault the code is shit because they didn't test it!") *Oracle says basically fuck you, our software works perfectly elsewhere it is used, so the login problems can't possibly be our fault. Right. It is only a matter of days before a sacrificial lamb is offered (I am going to go ahead and bet it is going to be CGI) or they blame us consumers for basically using the damn website. Because it is our fault that after so many years of hype and bullshit we were told that the website was open for business and we actually tried to use it. BTW, it took me twelve long fucking miserable days to get registered and pick our plans (Virginia, so I had to use the federal marketplace). And 11 of those days were spent bashing my head trying to simply log in and do the registration. On day 12 I started from scratch and got almost everything done in one hour. 12 fucking days to fill less forms than what it takes me to file my taxes every year.
I'm gonna leave this one here and walk away casually. Source:
#fmsphotoaday #project365 : Watching. The #nsa is obviously watching us eat our cheeseburgers.
Me too, but my ration is one per week.
#fmsphotoaday #project365 : Watching. The #nsa is obviously watching us eat our cheeseburgers.
That's how + Ian Stallings orders his, "gimme a bacon cheeseburger and four pounds of fries, yes, that's the smallest size you sell, right?"
I still eat there even after losing 65+ pounds. Protip: skip the bread on the cheeseburger, they'll happily wrap it in lettuce, that's 300 calories less right off the bat. What's really hard is ordering "little fries" and getting those four pounds of really delicious french fries, and you just know that anything over half a cup or so is just overkill (as far as the diet goes).
Don't forget the free peanuts.
They got that coke machine that lets me have Fanta and Cherry Coke at the same damn time.
Perfect demonstration of what I mean whenever I claim that a Miata at 30 MPH is a lot more fun than a fancier sports car at 60 MPH.
#fmsphotoaday #project365 : Below. Below Programmer's Kitty level of interest, he had more interesting things to concern himself, like for example #caturday
#fmsphotoaday #project365 : Below. Below Programmer's Kitty level of interest, he had more interesting things to concern himself, like for example #caturday
You mean like the one they still owe me for the past 10 days? Yea.
“Hey man, I couldn’t help but to notice your buzz cut and G-Shock [wristwatch]. You must be in BUD/S. Hang in there, brother, and don’t quit.” ROTFLMAO
WTF moment: When Randy Pobst can't tell, and doesn't even care, about the traction control on the Carrera 4S being on or off.
Bonus points for the Porsche being PJ's all time favorite car color. PJ every 15 mins or so whenever we are out: YELLOW CAR, I SEE A YELLOW CAR! I thought he was just being himself, it took me weeks to figure out that "yellow car" is actually a game that started as an inside joke in Grand Theft Auto 4.
I present to you the manliest Craig's List car ad you'll read today.
Same here, but that's one manly ad.
Did you notice the Flogging Molly and Zombie family stickers? Neither is optional, according to the poster's wife.
What's ironic is that as of April of this year GM was losing $59,000 on every Chevy Volt sold. This means it was costing GM about $89,000 to build one Volt. Now tell me how much it is costing GM to build one Cadillac ELR if the MSRP is $75K.
