Here is a Comparison of the All New Sony Alpha 7 vs Sony Alpha 7R Camera in terms of Features and Pricing
This is going to help fix some wiring clutter. Atleast managing the phone cables.
Chinese couple sells daughter to buy iPhone. Kidney selling is passe this is the new trend.
Here is a New Phone from Gionee which is the #ElifeE6Mini 3G Android Smartphone with 3000 mAh Battery, Pricing & Specs
Need a Wireless Setup!!! Hates these wires on my desk for the webcam, Mic, Laptop, mouse, USB cable etc.
+ Vicky Ghodke They didn't intent to show it before launch.
Here is a Comparison of the All New Sony Alpha 7 vs Sony Alpha 7R Camera in terms of Features and Pricing
Focal Camera App for Android brings Customization, HDR and More – Free in Play Store, download now. Do you use the Stock Camera App or any different from the Play Store?
This is Interesting, if you are a person like me who loves travelling then this is something you should check out Plan an extraordinary trip and get it funded by inspired people, amazed friends and generous sponsors.
The #Samsung #GalaxyS5 Rumored to Have 64-bit CPU, Aluminum Body – Details Do you think Samsung is following Apple by launching this?
#HTConeMax is Officially Announced with 5.9-inch Display, Fingerprint Sensor – Specs & Details Would you be interested in the #OneMax following the failure from HTC in terms of the #HTCone and poor sales.
A Interesting video for people who love science but its something which not everyone can watch. 19cm worm removed from Human Eye Removing A 19 CM Long Worm From Mans Eye
We crossed 25000+ Subscribers today on our Youtube Channel at www.youtube.com/user/advicesmedia Thank you all for subscribing and following the content we publish.
Important Article to Bookmark - Updated Daily List of Android Phones getting #Android44 #Kitkat Firmware Update +1 & Share with your friends if you are excited for the #KitkatAndroid & reply on the post with your Android Phone model
+ Lohitakksh Chauhhan Thats true the note 2 has 4.1.2 but there are some customs roms for 4.3 for now.
In 3 more days the #Nexus5 is coming, Reply below with your choice ie 16 Gb / 32 Gb or Select the choice in the poll here We guess most of you would be happy with the 16 Gb variant. Check the price and features.
+ Yugendran N Yes we have also mentioned about that ie the 3000 mAh battery on the 32gb version.
100,000 units of #XiaomiHongmi Sold in 2 Minutes – 4.7" Quad-core Device, Read more about this Record & Device Details Do you think this is a impressive number considering its a $131 Phone?
I always miss those small details. What about you?
Here is the Detailed Review of the Samsung #GalaxyTrend which is a Cute Little Android Phone priced at $130. Read the review here
Pantech has brought out a perfect competitor to the Galaxy Note 3 - 1080p 5.9-inch display, Snapdragon 800, 3GB RAM, 13MP Camera, and the best - Fingerprint Reader! Excellent device, right? With an approx. $850 pricing, Would you prefer the Pantech Vega Secret Note over the Note 3? Isn't #PantechVega #SecretNote a Crazy Name?
The combined age of the Indian Team is less than Sachin Tendulkar's current age. Something which every fan would love to know. Share with your friends.
This is the beautiful case for lumia, while the best part is that it's 3D printed.
Here is the Unboxing of the Sony #XperiaC Android Smart Phone which comes with a 5" Display and Interesting Features. Sony Xperia C Unboxing at AdvicesMedia - Indian Retail Unit Watch the above video and read more information about the device here
+ shabbir ahmed Its just 1.5Gb available to the users, check out the videos which we already published on the channel for more.
Bought the Sony Xperia C. First in the country. Uploading the unboxing in a while.
Update : Here is the Unboxing of the #XperiaC Android Smart Phone Sony Xperia C Unboxing at AdvicesMedia - Indian Retail Unit
Yes should happen tomirow
Finally we have a Laptop with Android OS on it, would you spend your money on a full fledged Android Laptop? Its the Lenovo #ideapadA10 #AndroidBook Would you consider a Laptop or Tablet? Reply Below!
Anyone wants this IPhone 5 case? Won't be using it, you can get it picked from our office.
+ Bhargav Chauhan Unfortunately for now only its the case.
Google is giving away 868 brand new Chromebooks here https://chrome.com/giveachromebook Start nominating your friends, family or your dad.
+ Nitish Kumar Yes you are right, but you can nominate a friend in US and make him happy.
This is Aedes Aegypti, yellow fever mosquito which was captured with and without flash on the Samsung Galaxy Note 3 with 4X Zoom.
Any idea on which car was this in which three people were charred to death today. Sad news and no press attention.
+ Nitish Kumar Everyone guessing it to be maruti omni.
The Metro Train work is in progress and already there is a accident on the MMTS in Hyderabad.
The New Youth Anthem : Do Share if you Support Modi NaMo Youth Anthem
GTA5 is here from @Flipkart totally drenched. Thanks to the driver who was on adrenaline rush and made it safe
+ Yugendran N Its for the Xbox 360.
The first Super AMOLED Curved Display Android phone is announced in Korea - Yes, the Samsung Galaxy Round! Looks excellent. Check out the official photos and details:
Google #Chromecast Now Ships Internationally - Order from US, UK, India, Hong Kong, Germany, Australia & many other Places Now. Click here to check if its shipping to your country or not https://bitly.com/18GKYGt & Let us know if you order this $35 device.
Here is the Official Price of the upcoming #Nexus5 Android Phone, which was leaked and it does seem to be pocket friendly. Share with your friends and let us know if you are planning to buy one of these.
+ shabbir ahmed Thats bound to happen with these crazy expected prices.
Google has started hating thin content, better change the font to something thicker and the rankings should improve. It worked for us! Change the 8px to 28px for best results.
