I see, you got the spirit of Italy, a great country and a gorgeous landscape you show us.
great picture + Tommy Clark and it looks even better at the big screen at home. btw, Photomatix is also perfect for single files. Since modern cameras have a big dynamic range (14,7 stops @ ISO 100 here) a single raw seems to be a perfect start for me.
great story behind this fascinating picture. you were lucky and shared that with us, thanks
you catched the best time of the day Tommy, so the foreground is very 3D and the light softer than noon. No clouds to help here, but wonderful light and perfect processing.
488 favourites now 21:48 MET - congrats I looked into processing your original with my inferior workflow and yes, the sky is really bad. good idea to cut it off and giving the whole picture a warm tone without too much contrast - we in the northern hemisphere are already in autumn mood and your picture fits perfectly.
absolutely stunning - you see me with open mouth in front of my screen ;-)
hi + Dave Welling I shared this great photo successfully in my stream using Chrome. What browser did you use? Maybe Google changed some bits and now your browser coughs ;-)
sort of paradise here, true this one is a great natural landscape which shows the real power of HDR processing. I like how you managed leading lines with the wine yard
+ Tommy Clark the hardest part was to decide on the unblocking of posts which some robot decided to flag as potentially spam... And thanks to you for the idea to create this community. And more thanks to all the contributors who post their great photos and bring life to it!
nice story, especially the thing with the beer ;-) the different light colors: I think your decision for the warm light was the best. It reflects the feeling you get if you go inside. first all is very dark coming from the bright light outside, but after a while, when the eyes adapted it's the warm glow of candles, real or electric, you experience. these italian churches are very special...
finished reading your tech info on all the work you put into the picture, I think it was worth it. this a nice point of view showing the italian mood. great sky surrounding some nice buildings. shifting afterwards works well - do you have some night shot's too? I ask because because the real life does not start before 21:00 or even later. I can imagine the place full of people at midnight ;-)
great with interesting details and your decision is good. when entering a church the symmetry is tempting, but after 3 or 4 (Italy is full of them) you start to search for alternatives and this seems a result of such experience. let's call it asymmetric symmetry... much better imho
how about one of the insurance companies you already use?
and the second one is... real? unbelievable.
