I've never bought/used a Nike product (sweatshops controversy) Only paid for one Microsoft product (bought an Xbox in 2012 because my wife worked for MS games) because I think they have poor business practices. Haven't bought a Sony product since 2005 (rootkit scandal ) Won't buy a Samsung device anytime soon (Galaxy S II AMOLED screen quality ) So many boycotts, yet I still buy Nestlé products (Mmmmm, Kit Kats), wear other branded running shoes (Brooks, currently), and buy imported bananas from Ecuador during Canadian winter. All as bad as the things I'm boycotting. And now I've just signed up to a Nike+ account to test some things for a project I'm doing with + Anthony Wong . I'm such a hypocrite.
My foggy walk across the Cambie Bridge this morning
I've never bought/used a Nike product (sweatshops controversy) Only paid for one Microsoft product (bought an Xbox in 2012 because my wife worked for MS games) because I think they have poor business practices. Haven't bought a Sony product since 2005 (rootkit scandal ) Won't buy a Samsung device anytime soon (Galaxy S II AMOLED screen quality ) So many boycotts, yet I still buy Nestlé products (Mmmmm, Kit Kats), wear other branded running shoes (Brooks, currently), and buy imported bananas from Ecuador during Canadian winter. All as bad as the things I'm boycotting. And now I've just signed up to a Nike+ account to test some things for a project I'm doing with + Anthony Wong . I'm such a hypocrite.
My wife and + Monica Elder are going to Hootsuite open house tonight. Perhaps I should have gone too
Awesome prank to promote the new Carrie movie.
Steve Balmer as Dr. Evil, and Bill Gates as Austin Powers. I can't believe this is real!
Man crushes testicles by wearing his jeans too tight (they'd been washed, and tumble-dried). This is nuts!
So now I know the answer
notice something wrong here?
Airplay Mirroring... from an Android phone? Coming soon to a + CyanogenMod near you.
Unlocked iPhone 5s and 5c compatible with WIND, Mobilicity, Videotron & Eastlink out of the box
we'll get there. Not moved in yet. It's an ordeal what with avoiding bring the bugs.
The Best Bike Lock: A long rundown of different bike locks
Are you new in the Board Game World? This picture can give you a little help.
2 months ago I got married. Here are some of the photos (Flickr)
Today three of us, unintentionally, wore maroon coloured pants to the office.
I've managed to grab all the cycling videos from sbs.com.au/cyclingcentral and put them in one place. Videos from the Vuelta, the Tour of Alberta and more.
+ Frank Opstaele What browser and operating system are you using?
I see. I just realised that Firefox doesn't support MP4 video in HTML5. I've added a download link for you Firefox users.
"If it's not Key Lime Pie, I'll film myself smashing such a pie against my face. On YouTube. You can take that to the bank. I really think it's that obvious." Time for + David Ruddock to pay up?
Google didn't "intentionally break" (+Koushik Dutta's words) AirCast. It's a new API. Google has responded: "We’re excited to bring more content to Chromecast and would like to support all types of apps, including those for local content."
Want to share your location with me on Google+? Turn it on here: https://plus.google.com/settings/plus#location
Cooking with Goldie. How to cook Cliffy Chicken, as presented by Goldie.
100 Days until Opening Day!! We can't wait to shred the burn trees with our buds. What are you most excited for!? (photo: Black Jorgenson)
Waiting for my wife to bring picnic food for a sunset picnic at English Bay.
May not be very D&By, but still sounding pretty nice.
Just found out that the LG G2 can shoot "full HD" (not sure if that means 1080 or 720) video at 60 FPS (Frames per second). That's actually kind of cool. Know of any other high-frame-rate Android phones?
