Sony just killed the DSLR, something many of us have been waiting for, the Alpha 7r, full frame, coat pocket size.
Sony just killed the DSLR, something many of us have been waiting for, the Alpha 7r, full frame, coat pocket size.
Researchers Identify the Neural Circuits That Modulate REM Sleep More at . Previous studies had established an association between the activity of certain types of neurons and the phase of sleep known as REM (rapid eye movement). Researchers on the team of Dr. Antoine Adamantidis identified a precise causal link between neuronal activity in the lateral hypothalamus (LH) and the state of REM sleep. Using optogenetics, they were able to induce REM sleep in mice and modulate the duration of this sleep phase by activating the neuronal network in this area of the brain. The research is in Nature Neuroscience . (full access paywall) The image is credited to McGovern Institute for Brain Research and Sputnik Animation. It is adapted from a previous MIT press release. #neuroscience #brain #sleep #science
The United States now eclipses the UK in "social immobility". Another fundamental shift and sign of degeneration. In the UK, home of the 'class system,' odds of moving up and out of the bottom 20% is now 1 in 8, while in the US it is becoming more difficult and estimated at 1 in 13.
Buy an old car, unless you want us to hack the crap out of your new one, and sabotage your locks, brakes and steering remotely.
"...I've talked about this and written about it for more than 20 years. I feel like my most pessimistic projections had fallen short of reality. ...Without impugning the motives of the people who designed it, in the previous or current administration, we could say we don't know who's going to be in the White House in 2017. Are they going to have the moral sensibilities of Thomas Jefferson or of Vladimir Putin? What could they do with a surveillance apparatus this vast? Eventually we're going to have somebody in White House who might like to have that omniscience, but for a very selfish purpose."
Larry Page received the concept for Google in a vivid dream. "You know what it’s like to wake up in the middle of the night with a vivid dream? And you know how, if you don’t have a pencil and pad by the bed to write it down, it will be completely gone the next morning? Well, I had one of those dreams when I was 23. When I suddenly woke up, I was thinking: what if we could download the whole web, and just keep the links and… I grabbed a pen and started writing! Sometimes it is important to wake up and stop dreaming. I spent the middle of that night scribbling out the details and convincing myself it would work..."
Senator Dianne Feinstein, who is overseeing the NSA investigative committee, ehem... Accidentally Confirms That NSA Tapped The Internet. Everything that crosses the Internet is being collected and archived. Even Google, Microsoft, and Facebook can't achieve this level of surveillance.
Mars colonization, here we come (again maybe?)!
We can now use tech to read people's thoughts - both words and mental images are being decoded now... We are also making progress implanting thoughts, false memories, or otherwise. The world's gonna get a lot crazier here in a few decades.
For those not paying attention, the NSA has a longstanding war on cryptography to support a growing surveillance operation. Not only is this an attack on individuals like you and me, but it's a further disaster for international relations & US business, as well as our position of governance over the Internet. RSA, biggest cryptography company on the planet, recalls algorithms that were... you guessed it, backdoored by the NSA and slip-streamed into our National Standards. Ah, spy vs spy, vs everyone who uses the Internet.
From The Federation of American Scientists (FAS) director of the Project on Government Secrecy, Steven Aftergood.
+ Mark Davis is the code for publicly available?
"I think that the forces of warmongering and the forces of the military-industrial complex are headed for an historic defeat in the House," says Rep. Alan Grayson, a leading opponent of the #syria resolution being debated in the House Foreign Relations Committee. Have you contacted your senators and representative to voice your opinion on this issue? If so, what was the response that you received?
I have now completed five days of investigation and exploration at the extraordinary 12,000-year old megalithic site of Gobekli Tepe in Turkey. Yesterday and today I Interviewed Professor Klaus Schmidt the discoverer of the site, a remarkably modest, hard-working, kindly man who clearly has enormous passion for his subject. He told me that his site surveys, including ground-penetrating radar have indicated that the areas excavated so far represent only a small fraction of the total. To be specific, four enclosures with circles of upright T-shaped megaliths have so far been exposed and are familiar to the public from photographs widely available on the internet. However according to Professor Schmidt at least a further twenty enclosures of similar size, and possibly as many as fifty, still remain underground. What secrets about the lost past of humanity will the excavation of those enclosures reveal? Photograph (by Santha Faiia) shows me interviewing Professor Schmidt in front of a new excavation to the north-west of the main site. In the background behind us is the top section of a massive largely-buried pillar with the figure of a lion carved in high-relief. Stratigraphic and radio-carbon dating of associated organic materials has not yet been completed in this area of excavations but from the size and style of the pillar Professor Schmidt is of the opinion that it may be as old as the oldest pillars so far excavated at Gobekli Tepi. This would date it to 11,600 years ago or earlier. Professor Schmidt believes that pillars still to be excavated may prove to date back as far as 14,000 years ago.
I was able to escape the city lights and head out to Mt. Rainier this weekend for some night photography. The clouds cleared just as the sun went down and the Milky Way came blazing across the sky.
Thanks Lee, it's pretty awesome to get out and just look up into a clear dark night sky. Coming back into the city and suburbs wipes it out with light pollution.
Strange to think how inextricably linked Google is with the US State Department.
Our world does seem at a turning point, perhaps it's a major swelling in the tides of conscious awareness. But we are seeing an insatiable obsession in leadership to control and surveil every aspect of daily life which certainly makes us question the motives. We've seen it unfold in history and it doesn't seem right to ignore the warnings of past presidents who had the balls to say something about the elite power motive - Kennedy and Eisenhower. Of course I work in an industry that's naturally paranoid. Still that doesn't it make what's happening right.
Watching the stars, Milky Way, and climbers with headlamps on Mount Rainier in the middle of the night. Very relaxing!
Sleeping, dreaming, lucid dreaming. Much more than just 8 hours a day in a coma! + Ryan Hurd
Pay attention people. "Obama says don't worry, they're not abusing surveillance program. We're not. We're worried they are abusing the constitution." ~Andrew Rosenthal, Editorial Page Editor of The New York Times https://twitter.com/andyrNYT/status/365926388911448066
I stayed up all night on the trails of Mount Rainier watching the stars and Milky Way under the dark sky. Around the time the sun started coming up I decided to head into the meadows where I was greeted by this scene.
Thanks Lee, I have some shots of the Milky Way and starry night sky here as well I might post.
I saw this sign at the Goodwill... apparently none of the other parents did!
What does a two-week old baby deer being cared for in an animal shelter in Wisconsin have to do with anything? Symbolism. A 13-person SWAT team, armed to the teeth, walked into the non-profit shelter, corralled the employees, threw the baby deer in a body bag (alive), and later killed it. Employees phones were confiscated so they could not film or photo the event. Welcome to the new America, where the tiniest violation of law is handled with full military-style power. And symbols of peace are left dripping in blood.
From the beautiful North Cascades National Park in WA. Diablo lake was dammed up almost 100 years ago, part of a massive glacial river. This view is looking out from the overlook on a full moonlit landscape in July.
We got to spend a few nights in the North Cascades near Diablo lake. This was my photo from the overlook during the full moon, looking across Diablo toward Colonial and Pyramid peaks. The North Cascades are incredible!
I highly recommend the "family getaway" weekend at the North Cascades Institute www.ncascades.org - wonderful professionals and program.
I was hoping this was a joke, but I guess not, it's tragic. Barnaby was an exceptional reverse engineer and bug finder, exploit writer, and could drink like nobody's business. Damn he was a bunch of fun to hang out with too, I got to work with him at Foundstone, and hang out with him since then. Tragic news, you will be missed Barnaby.
Beware hackers, if we can't lock you up for eternity, we'll just kill you.
I was on FOX News today talking about the latest hax and haxors. Much to beware of!
Glad to see India banning dolphins as amusement, (re)recognizing their sentience, intelligence, and consciousness.
"The Constitution itself is suffering" from ongoing secrecy, wrote Microsoft's General Counsel, Brad Smith, in a letter to Attorney General Eric Holder. Glad to see Microsoft leadership, and other influential people across the country pointing out the deeper rifts spreading between our system of government and our citizenry.
Evident by megalithic structures and new calendar discovery, Neolithic Man ~10,000 years ago had advanced knowledge of Astronomy and Math. Ralph Abraham makes a case for Geometry, thousands of years before Pythagoras.
"we know all too well the cost of an unaccountable government. The question is not do you have something to hide, the question is whether we control government, or government controls us." Oliver Stone on NSA Spying
Can you guess where this was taken?
'In my book, “Living the Bill of Rights” (University of California Press), I bring forth patriot educator John A. Howard: “We have in the U.S. produced several generations of cultural orphans – who have little knowledge and even less appreciation of their heritage of freedom, or the sacrifices which produced it. We have been engaged in a kind of unilateral disarmament, which could well prove more devastating to the cause of liberty than would be the destruction of our defense arsenals.” That’s how Barack Obama got re-elected. My main job now is to focus on how we can keep future Obamas out of the Oval Office. And that, of course, is your job, too, as committed Americans.'
All members take an oath, and the oath is simply that they will do everything in their power to protect the Constitution from domestic and foreign threats! Congress might try acting less like aristocrats and more like civil servants. Of course there are the few representatives like Alan Grayson.
My girl flying at the beach!
"have you visited the quagmire? have you swam in the shit? the party conventions and the real politik the faces always different, the rhetoric the same but we swallow it, and we see nothing change nothing has changed... 10 million dollars on a losing campaign 20 million starving and writhing in pain big strong people unwilling to give small in vision and perspective one in five kids below the poverty line one population runnin' out of time" Bad Religion - Punk Rock Song (Official Video)
Wood meets air and water, at the Dungeness Spit in Washington this weekend.
At the Dungeness Spit during the Supermoon weekend. I swear this driftwood was moving.
