Sony releases $200 Android phone-compatible smartwatch - Sony says its new computerized wristwatch will sell for $200 in the U.S. and will work with a variety of Android phones.
Canadian downloading site isoHunt shut down, fined $110M US - A Vancouver resident has agreed to shut down his popular BitTorrent downloading website and pay a $110-million fine after settling a long legal fight ...
Facebook starts letting teens share posts publicly - Facebook is now allowing teenagers to share their posts on the social network with anyone on the internet, raising the risks of minors leaving a digit...
New iPads coming? Apple invites media to Oct. 22 event - Apple has sent out invitations to an event next Tuesday, at which it is expected to unveil products that include new iPads.
Sony releases $200 Android phone-compatible smartwatch - Sony says its new computerized wristwatch will sell for $200 in the U.S. and will work with a variety of Android phones.
New iPads expected to be unveiled during next week's Apple event
Fossil mosquito yields 46-million-year-old blood - The last meal of blood sucked up by a mosquito 46 million years ago has been found preserved in a fossil for the first time.
HTC introduces larger One Phone - At your neighbourhood coffee shop, you can order your beverage in small, medium or large. Now, you can do that with phones, too. HTC Corp. is introduc...
Research In Motion sells a million new BlackBerry 10 phones - Research In Motion says it sold about 1 million of its critically important new BlackBerry 10 devices and returned to profitability in the fourth quar...
Research firm foresees Twitter's ad revenue doubling - Twitter's ad revenue is believed to be on pace to double this year as the online messaging service delivers more marketing pitches to mobile devices i...
BlackBerry earnings are up, users are down - By David Friend TORONTO BlackBerry delivered a profit in its fourth quarter, as the smartphone maker boosted earnings by cutting costs and lau...
Scientists see greenhouse gas solution in ooze of green slime
Hey, kids! Want to draw the Google Doodle? - Google is challenging Canadian kids to come up with a doodle to adorn the search giant's home page.
Scott Carpenter, 2nd American astronaut in orbit, dies - The second American to orbit the Earth and one of the last surviving original Mercury 7 astronauts has died.
Global warming to scorch past milestone in 2047, study predicts
Rogers cell service down across Canada - Rogers cell phone service is across the country.
Nobel Prize in chemistry goes to 3 Americans - The Nobel Prize in chemistry has been won by three Americans, Martin Karplus, Michael Levitt and Arieh Warshel.
With new roaming plans, customers still vulnerable to extra charges: PIAC
Live chat with Reddit co-founder Alexis Ohanian - Reddit co-founder Alexis Ohanian discusses his new book, Without Their Permission at 12:30 p.m. ET.
Google unveils new HP Chromebook 11 - Google is introducing a new $279 laptop based on its Internet-centric Chrome operating system, borrowing many of the high-end features found in a mode...
Nobel medicine prize won by 2 Americans, German - Americans James Rothman and Randy Schekman and German-born researcher Thomas Suedhof won the 2013 Nobel Prize in medicine on Monday for discoveries on...
Tesla CEO says fire caused by impaled battery - The CEO of electric car company Tesla said Friday that a battery in a Model S that caught fire this week was apparently impaled by a metal object.
Atlanta woman says she is the voice of Apple's Siri - Woman says she is the voice of Siri
The next-gen iPad: What to expect - The next-gen iPad: What to expect
Research firm foresees Twitter's ad revenue doubling - Twitter's ad revenue is believed to be on pace to double this year as the online messaging service delivers more marketing pitches to mobile devices i...
Research In Motion sells a million new BlackBerry 10 phones - Research In Motion says it sold about 1 million of its critically important new BlackBerry 10 devices and returned to profitability in the fourth quar...
BlackBerry earnings are up, users are down - By David Friend TORONTO BlackBerry delivered a profit in its fourth quarter, as the smartphone maker boosted earnings by cutting costs and lau...
Massive ice island heads for Labrador Sea - A massive iceberg that calved off the Petermann Glacier last August has taken nearly nine months to make its way from the northern part of Greenland t...
Reduce Arctic soot to prevent more warming, scientists urge - Fires, diesel-burning power generators, trucks and ships they've all got something in common: That's their ability to generate soot in the Arc...
Environment Canada predicts warm, dry summer - A dark, cool and damp spring should give way to a summer that'll be warmer and dryer than normal, according to Environment Canada.
CRTC doesn't have authority to regulate roaming rates: Bell, Telus
Rdio launches free mobile streaming in Canada, Australia and the U.S.
Silk Road illegal drug website raided - U.S. law enforcement authorities raided an internet site that served as a marketplace for illegal drugs, including heroin and cocaine, and arrested it...
Swedish nuclear reactor shut down by wave of jellyfish - It wasn't a tsunami but it had the same effect: A huge cluster of jellyfish forced one of the world's largest nuclear reactors to shut down — a phenom...
Plastic ingredient found on Saturn moon - NASA's Cassini spacecraft has found propylene, a chemical used to make household plastic containers, on Saturn's moon Titan, the space agency said.
