Sony Xperia Z1 The long wait has finally come to the end. Sony pulled the wraps off its imaging-centric smartphone, the Xperia Z1, yesterday. With the new device, Sony continues its trend of coming up with compact, water-and-dustproof smartphones. This time around, though...
Updated: Nokia Lumia 2520 tablet dressed in cyan and red leaks out in press images The upcoming Nokia Lumia 2520 Windows RT tablet made yet another unscheduled appearance, thanks to @evleaks. After allowing us to potentially catch a glimpse of its kickstand three days ago, the slate leaked out in a press image, dressed in a cyan outfit. T...
LG details the UK and Ireland availability of G Pad 8.3 LG Mobile announced today the UK availability for the G Pad 8.3. The slate will be offered exclusively via the IT distributor Micro P and will be released at the end of October for £259.99. Harvey Norman is the exclusive LG distributor for the G Pad 8.3 on ...
Nestle posts a tasty-looking Android 4.4 KitKat teaser Google has released a new image teasing the upcoming launch of Android 4.4 KitKat. Accompanied by the text “Everybody dance now!, the image hints that we should expect Google to spill out all the beans of the latest Android release any day now. As it’s been...
iPad mini won’t be reading fingerprints New images of the alleged next iPad mini and iPad 5 have leaked just days before the Apple October 22 event. The images show the iPad mini 2 next to the iPhone 5s and with another iPad lurking in the background. Notice how the home button isn’t TouchID but ...
Sony Xperia Z1 The long wait has finally come to the end. Sony pulled the wraps off its imaging-centric smartphone, the Xperia Z1, yesterday. With the new device, Sony continues its trend of coming up with compact, water-and-dustproof smartphones. This time around, though...
** TRUE CALLER HACKED BY SEA !! About As we all know that true caller is an application and a web service developed by True Software Scandinavia AB, both for smart phone and featured mobiles.It is a global biggest phone directory.It searches for the caller i...
Hackers List MASTERS OF DECEPTIONS Book - Masters of deceptions Masters Of Deceptions (founded-1980's & extinction-1990's by Acid phreak scorpion & HAC) was a group of hackers from New York most widely known in media for their exploits of telephone company infrastruct...
Ultraiso For Pc Ultraiso is a application for Microsoft Windows for creating, modifying and converting iso image The 'Free Trial' version is limited to ISO images of 300Mb or less Features Duplicate CDs and DVDs to an ISO image. Create ISO images from files located on a ...
Ultraiso For Pc Ultraiso is a application for Microsoft Windows for creating, modifying and converting iso image The 'Free Trial' version is limited to ISO images of 300Mb or less Features Duplicate CDs and DVDs to an ISO image. Create ISO images from files located on a ...
Run Andriod Apps on Windows Mac By Using Bluestacks The company officially launched May 25, 2011, at the Citrix Synergy conference in San Francisco. Citrix CEO Sachin Sawant From Sanpada demonstrated an early version of BlueStacks onstage and announced that the companies had formed a partnership. App Play...
Yahoo! Messenger Yahoo! Messenger (sometimes abbreviated Y!M or YM) is an advertisement-supported instant messaging client and associated protocol provided by Yahoo!. Yahoo! Messenger is provided free of charge and can be downloaded and used with a generic "Yahoo! ID" which...
Windows 8 Review Windows 8 is a personal computer operating system developed by Microsoft . Development of Windows 8 started before the release of its predecessor, Windows 7 , in 2009. It was announced at CES 2011, and followed by the release of three pre-release ...
INTEX AQUA i7 Intex has launched the Aqua i7 , the company’s latest flagship smartphone in the Aqua series. It has a 5.0-inch (1920 x 1080 pixels) IPS display, powered by 1.5 GHz quad-core MediaTek MT6589T processor and runs on Android 4.2 (Jelly Bean). It has a 13-mega...
Samsung Galaxy Note 3 Samsung has launched the highly anticipated Galaxy Note 3 smartphone in India along with its sidekick, the Galaxy Gear smartwatch. The flagship smartphone will set you back by a lofty ₹49,900 ($792), whereas the Galaxy Gear smartwatch comes at a similarly...
LTE Nexus 7 receives Android 4.3.1 update Google has started seeding a new update for Nexus devices, which updates the version number to 4.3.1. The first device to receive this update is the LTE version of the new Nexus 7. It’s unclear what’s new in the update but considering the size and the point...
Apple refreshes iMac with Intel Haswell CPUs and GeForce 700 GPUs Apple Updates iMac CUPERTINO, California—September 24, 2013—Apple® today updated iMac® with fourth generation Intel quad-core processor...
Apple refreshes iMac with Intel Haswell CPUs and GeForce 700 GPUs Apple Updates iMac CUPERTINO, California—September 24, 2013—Apple® today updated iMac® with fourth generation Intel quad-core processor...
** Apple refreshes iMac with Intel Haswell CPUs and GeForce 700 GPUs Read more at ..
** BBM for iOS goes live, Android version arriving shortly The hotly anticipated BlackBerry Messenger for iOS is finally official. The app i...
The Nokia Lumia 1020 battery test The Nokia Lumia 1020 battery test The Nokia Lumia 1020 is for the majority of the company’s fans the best smartphone to have come out of...
** NVIDIA Tegra Note tablet platform goes official NVIDIA took the wraps off the 7” Tegra Note complete tablet platform. Designed by the ch...
Canon’s new 35 mm full-frame CMOS sensor can shoot fireflies in near total darkness Canon has developed a brand new 35 mm full-frame high sensitivity CMOS sensor, which they first announced back in March. The new sensor a...
Jolla announces that Sailfish OS can run on Android phones and tablets, supports Android apps too Jolla just announced that its Sailfish OS has reached two-fold compatibility with Android – it can run Android apps but also the OS itsel...
Samsung Galaxy Tab 3 8.0 and 10.1 will support multi-user functionality in the nearest future Samsung Galaxy Tab 3 8.0 and 10.1 comes with Android 4.2.2 Jelly Bean on board, but unfortunately, both the slates does not come with ...
LG G Pad 8.3 could cost as little as $299 according to Chinese sources The LG G Pad 8.3 is a FullHD slate by LG with reasonable specs, which we saw and liked at IFA 2013 . We’ve been in the loop of its ava...
First Apple iPhone 5c TV ad goes online The iPhone 5s alongside the iPhone 5c are both going to launch on September 20 in a select number of countries, and Apple is preparing fo...
EA Sports FIFA 14 for iOS gets a grand release on NZ App Store, available for all iDevices free of cost The franchise of EA Sports FIFA has been one of the most exciting games on all the platforms. EA Sports has officially released its lates...
Alleged parts of iPad 5 and iPad Mini 2 hint at possible color options of the tablets The back casings of both the iPad 5 and the iPad Mini 2 have been leaked a few times already and we even saw the images of the upcomi...
Watch the Burberry London fashion show as shot by an Apple iPhone 5s Apple and the popular fashion retailer Burberry had earlier announced that the Burberry London fashion show would be shoot using the rece...
Apple will offer the last compatible version of apps to users with older devices With most of the Apple community eagerly waiting for the release of iOS 7 tomorrow, the Cupertino giant showed that it has not forgotte...
