Sony's plans for smartphone race may be hampered without China, US ambition Kazuo Hirai's plan to restore Sony Corp to lasting profitability rests in large part on its smartphones leapfrogging rivals to become the world's third-biggest sellers after the Apple iPhone and Samsung's Galaxy series. But that goal remains some way off. Sony's CEO, installed last year with a brief to turn the serial loss maker around, said on Friday that for now, Sony has no big plans for the world's two largest smartphone markets, China and the United States. Instead, Hirai said Sony, which aims to rise to third position from its current ranking of seventh, will focus on Europe and its home market in Japan, which collectively account for 60 percent of its smartphone sales.
New apps reviving tradition of handwritten notes Whether it's a heartfelt note to a loved one or a thank you letter following a job interview, new apps are aiming to revive the tradition of handwritten notes with a high-tech twist. Bond Gifts, a free app for iPhones, lets users write a digital message that is converted into a handwritten note. A robot called Giles at the company's New York headquarters writes the letter with a fountain pen on embossed stationery. The notes are sent in the mail, complete with a wax seal, to the recipient.
iPad mini with Retina display to be thicker and wider: Report A number of reports claim that the next-generation iPad mini will sport a high-resolution Retina display, just like its bigger siblings. One of the major reasons for not including a Retina display on the iPad mini has been Apple's intent to keep the tablet thin, light and compact, in addition to keeping its cost low, and providing reasonable battery life. Now that Apple's reportedly including a Retina display with the tablet, the iPad mini's thickness will increase, according to a report by Japanese Mac-focused blog, Macotakara. The report cites exhibitors at the China Sourcing Fairs who reportedly showcased a case made for the second-generation iPad mini.
Nexus 5 pictured in new leaked images, revealing rear and side panels The new set of images, which come courtesy of Anton Kuznetsov, a Google+ user, are of slightly lower resolution than the previous leaked images, but reveal nothing in the way of new information about innards of the device, and instead show the overall design and style of the smartphone. The leaked images show the rear of the alleged Nexus smartphone featuring rubberised plastic finish that appears to be fingerprint magnet accompanied by large camera sensor. The rear panel's design appears to be identical to that of the Nexus 7 (2013) tablet, in-line with our previous reports. Other images show the sides which house the volume rocker buttons along with power button and device's lockscreen which is set on pattern lock.
Apple hires Burberry CEO Angela Ahrendts to oversee retail expansion Apple Inc. has tapped Burberry CEO Angela Ahrendts to oversee the expansion and operation of Apple's retail and online stores. Apple says Tuesday that Ahrendts will begin her new role in the Spring and report to CEO Tim Cook. Before heading luxury fashion house Burberry, Ahrendts was executive vice president at Liz Claiborne Inc. Cook says in a statement that Ahrendts shares Apple's focus on innovation and customer experience.
Apple working on 12-inch MacBook, cheaper iMac for 2014 Apple could be working on a slew of new products including a brand new 12-inch MacBook with a Retina display, if analyst Ming-Chi Kuo of KGI Securities is to be believed. Kuo, who's had a decent record when it comes to Apple related predictions, has mentioned some new products and upgrades in a new research note. The development was first reported by 9to5Mac. According to the research note, Apple will release a 12-inch MacBook with a Retina display, a new iPad with an even better resolution, and a budget iMac desktop computer, all in the year 2014.
Sony's plans for smartphone race may be hampered without China, US ambition Kazuo Hirai's plan to restore Sony Corp to lasting profitability rests in large part on its smartphones leapfrogging rivals to become the world's third-biggest sellers after the Apple iPhone and Samsung's Galaxy series. But that goal remains some way off. Sony's CEO, installed last year with a brief to turn the serial loss maker around, said on Friday that for now, Sony has no big plans for the world's two largest smartphone markets, China and the United States. Instead, Hirai said Sony, which aims to rise to third position from its current ranking of seventh, will focus on Europe and its home market in Japan, which collectively account for 60 percent of its smartphone sales.
New technique can assemble life history from past tweets Twitter users, beware! Your tweets can reveal your life history. Researchers have developed a new technique that studies your tweets to identify the most significant events you have experienced and assembles them into an accurate life history. The algorithm developed by researchers at Carnegie Mellon University in Pittsburgh and Cornell University in Ithaca can sort out news of important events from entirely trivial details from Twitter streams. Researchers Jiwei Li and Claire Cardie can use the algorithm to generate an accurate chronology of a person's life-changing events, without knowing anything about them.
Samsung Galaxy S5 to be launched in January 2014 Samsung recently unveiled the Galaxy Note 3, its flagship phablet that boasts of top of the line specifications, overshadowing the Galaxy S4, the South Korean electronic giant's flagship smartphone that was launched earlier this year. Now, a new report by Korean website, Naver, predicts that Samsung will also refresh its flagship smartphone offering sooner than expected. The report suggests that Samsung is preparing to launch the Galaxy S5 smartphone in January due to disappointing Galaxy S4 sales. It cites internal sources to inform that the Galaxy S5 is likely to be announced as early as mid-January, with a market release expected to take place in February.
BlackBerry co-founders Lazaridis and Fregin eye counter-bid for the company BlackBerry Ltd co-founders Mike Lazaridis and Douglas Fregin are considering a bid to buy the struggling smartphone maker, according to a securities filing on Thursday, raising the prospect of an alternative to a $4.7 billion offer led by its top shareholder. The filing did not indicate whether the pair was planning to join or to present an alternative to a tentative $9-a-share bid by a group led by Fairfax Financial Holdings Ltd. Fairfax, which is headed by financier Prem Watsa, has not yet identified other members of the group.
Nokia teases October 22 event with image of phablet, tablet and laptop Nokia in an effort to hype up its upcoming Nokia World event, to be held in Abu Dhabi, has quietly released another teaser. The new teaser image shows three devices which are possibly a phablet, tablet and a laptop. The image comes with a tagline that reads, "Nokia World is on October 22, 2013. Watch the action on your screen of choice." The large-screen phone seen in the image could be the rumoured Lumia 1520, while the tablet seen in the teaser might be the Nokia's first tablet, the Lumia 2520. Meanwhile, the laptop seen in the teaser image might be a new Microsoft-branded product, as so far, no other reports of Nokia working on a laptop have come to the fore.
Sony CEO reveals market-roadmap for becoming third-largest smartphone maker Sony Corp will move cautiously in tackling key overseas smartphone markets such as the United States and China as it strives to become the third-biggest smartphone maker in the world, CEO Kazuo Hirai told journalists on Friday. Hirai has identified smartphones as a pivotal product for turning around Sony's loss-making electronics business, but its flagship Xperia handsets have not yet made much of a splash beyond Japan and Europe, which account for 60 percent of sales.
Nexus 5 image leaked; shows large sensor camera, Nexus 7 styling The much-anticipated successor to the Nexus 4 has made another appearance on the Internet. The latest leaked image comes courtesy Spigen, a case-maker that has posted an image of the expected Nexus 5, revealing the rear panel. Spigen has posted the image to its Google+ feed and notes, "Where will you be when the revolution begins?" accompanied by the # nexus5, # android and # google hashtags that suggests that case-maker wants more people to talk about the upcoming Nexus smartphone.
Global PC shipments fall for sixth straight quarter: IDC, Gartner Worldwide shipments of personal computers fell in the third quarter of the year, the sixth straight quarter of decline as cheaper tablet computers and smartphones cut into demand, according to market research firms IDC and Gartner Inc. IDC said the market fell nearly 8 percent, to 81.6 million units, while Gartner put the decline at almost 9 percent, to 80.3 million. The two firms define PCs slightly differently. IDC expects that the PC market will hit bottom sometime next year, with a recovery starting in 2015 as companies and consumers finally replace aging PCs. Gartner says this year will be the worst, with flat shipments next year and single-digit percentage growth in 2015.
Fifth-generation iPad spotted in high-resolution leaked images Sonny Dickson, the Australian teen who made a name for himself by repeatedly leaking images of Apple's iPhone 5s before its release, has posted a series of high-resolution images of Apple's upcoming tablet. The fifth-generation iPad can be seen in what are perhaps its clearest pictures yet in the image set posted on Dickson's website. The images, which appear legitimate, 'confirm' what's been widely known based on various leaks, that the next-generation iPad will take its design cues from Apple's wildly popular iPad mini.
HTC One Max specifications leaked again, revealing Android 4.3, Sense 5.5 UI With HTC's expected unveiling of the HTC One Max at its announced October 16 event just under a week away, a new leak seemingly confirms the specifications of the rumoured phablet. The new leak comes courtesy Steve Hemmerstoffer, editor of Nowhereelse.fr who has posted an image on Twitter that reportedly reveals the specifications of the alleged One Max phablet. Steve's tweet reads, "# HTC One Max Full Specs Leaked ?!". The leaked image once again confirms the specifications of HTC's upcoming phablet, which have already been revealed in multiple leaks.
Samsung launches Galaxy Round with curved screen Samsung Electronics Co Ltd on Wednesday launched the world's first smartphone with a curved display, a variant of the Galaxy Note which moves the Asian giant a step closer to achieving wearable devices with flexible - even unbreakable - screens. Curved displays are on the frontlines of Samsung's innovation war with rivals such as Apple Inc and LG Electronics Inc, as the South Korean firm seeks to expand its lead in the slowing market for high-end smartphones.
Apple Is Said to Debut New IPads at Oct. 22 Event Apple Inc. (AAPL) will update its lineup of iPads at an Oct. 22 event, a person with knowledge of the plans said, as the company works to remain ahead of rivals in the increasingly crowded tablet market. The Cupertino, California-based company will unveil a new version of the original 9.7-inch iPad as well as the smaller iPad mini, said the person, who asked not to be identified because the plans haven’t been made official.
Apple to unveil new iPad, iPad mini at October 22 event Apple is planning to reveal iPad updates at an invitation-only event later this month, the technology news website AllThingsD reported Tuesday. The next-generation iPad is expected to be thinner than its predecessor and boast improved camera capabilities. An upgraded version of the iPad mini is likely to list an improved screen among its features. The event will be held on October 22, according to AllThingsD. Apple declined to comment on the report, which cited unnamed sources.
Google's Hangouts app will add SMS, MMS integration, video sharing It looks like Google will soon integrate SMS and MMS, in addition to adding video sharing capabilities to its Hangouts messaging app. According to a report by Android Police, Hangout app's version 1.3 comes with SMS and MMS support, and also enables video sharing via Google's Hangouts protocol. The website cites sources familiar with the matter to inform the same. The site received screenshots of the new app with the Settings menu that features toggles of turning on SMS and retrieving MMS as well as screenshots of an SMS conversation thread in the Hangouts app.
iPhone 6 to have 4.8-inch screen iPhone 5S is making waves in the market, notching up record sales in the first weekend. However, the real game changer from Apple may still be in the offing. Apple is said to be working on an iPhone with a 4.8-inch screen, a 20% increase in screen size from the iPhone 5S, iPhone 5C and iPhone 5. Jeffries analyst Peter Misek has issued a research note to investors where he cited supply chain sources in China claiming that Apple will unveil an iPhone with 4.8-inch screen. This model is scheduled to be launched in September next year and will be named iPhone 6, said Misek.
Twitter gets "buy" rating even before public listing Twitter Inc's share price could almost double in its first year as a listed company, a brokerage firm said, issuing a "buy" rating on the stock even before the online messaging service goes public. SunTrust Robinson Humphrey analyst Robert Peck, the first to rate the stock, suggested Twitter could float at $28-$30 per share, and said it could reach $50 within a year. Twitter allows its users to post a maximum of 140 character messages called "tweets" to share their personal thoughts and links to content with the public and their friends, or to promote businesses. "It is important for investors to look at Twitter beyond just a 140 character text," Peck wrote in a 76-page note.
Ballmer outlines Microsoft's future strategy in his last shareholder letter Soon-to-be-departing Microsoft CEO Steve Ballmer posted his final shareholder letter recently, calling it a "unique letter" as it was the last such letter he will write as the CEO of the company he loves. In his previous shareholder letter, Ballmer introduced the software developer's new goal to transform into a devices and services company. After a "pivotal" fiscal year, this year's letter summarized for shareholders just how far the company is along that path, its strategy, and just where it is headed.
LG announces curved screen phones to launch in 2014 LG has announced it is to start mass-production of what it calls the "world's first flexible OLED [organic light-emitting diode] panel for smartphones".
Samsung Galaxy Gear adverts show smartwatch as fictional gadget that's come to life Samsung's Galaxy Gear smartwatch was unveiled last month promising a quick and convenient way to make calls, use apps and pick up emails. The company have just released their Galaxy Gear adverts "Evolution" and "Long Time Coming" and they have already gone viral. Seeking to attract gadget and film fans, Samsung suggests that it's new device has brought to life early incarnations of smartwatches from old sci-fi films. The "Evolution" advert begins with clips of fictional watch gadgets used in Knight Rider, Predator, Star Trek and the Power Rangers. The Galaxy Gear smartwatch then appears with the caption, "After all these years, it's finally real".
Samsung Galaxy Note 3 with dual-SIM support surfaces online Samsung has yet to announce a dual-SIM variant of the new Galaxy Note 3 phablet, though a report claims that the South Korean maker has made the device official in China. According to a Vietnamese media report, the South Korean has introduced the Galaxy Note 3 with dual-SIM support for the Chinese market. The handset has been priced at 735 Euros (Rs. 61,300 approximately) in Asia, claims the report. The alleged Samsung Galaxy Note 3 dual-SIM is said to be carrier unlocked, unlike many Galaxy smartphones. However, the company has not released any official press note or possible availability details of the device, yet.
Samsung develops 13-megapixel camera module for better low-light images, OIS It looks like Samsung's next flagship phones will come with a much improved camera module, with the company officially revealing new camera technology for better low-light images and stabilization. Samsung has announced (via TechOn) that it has developed a new camera module that features a 13-megapixel sensor, high-end optical image stabilisation and can shoot up to 8 times brighter images in the dark. As per an official announcement, Samsung's new camera module's stabilisation feature corrects angular errors of up to 1.5-degrees, compared to correction of up to 0.7-degrees offered by most digital camera sensors available in the market.
Bill Gates, Steve Ballmer seek re-election to Microsoft board Chairman Bill Gates and retiring Chief Executive Steve Ballmer are standing for re-election to Microsoft Corp's board of directors, despite recent moves by some investors to reduce their influence, according to the software company's annual proxy filing made public on Thursday. Ballmer and Gates, both 57, have been the target of activist investors who believe Microsoft needs new leadership to transform itself and compete with mobile-savvy rivals such as Apple Inc and Google Inc.
Apple seeds OS X Mavericks to developers, reportedly starts work on OS X 10.10 Apple has released the Gold Master version of OS X Mavericks, its new desktop operating system, to developers. The Gold Master version of OS X Mavericks can be downloaded from the Mac App Store according to 9to5Mac, which originally reported the development. The release of the Gold Master version of OS X (10.9) Mavericks implies that work is complete on the operating system and Apple will most likely release the same build of the OS, including a few last minute updates, to the public later this month. The report also mentions that Apple has some other updates for developers as well, including new versions of iPhoto and Xcode.
LG planning 'G Flex' curved display smartphone for November launch It seems LG will be following follow in the footsteps of Samsung and soon release a curved phone, according to report by CNET. Recently, Samsung announced that a curved display smartphone would be released in October. A Samsung representative confirmed the news and also claimed that it might be introduced first in South Korea this month. The fresh report claims that LG is working on a smartphone with a curved display which will be based on plastic OLED screen technology. Citing sources familiar with LG's plans, CNET reported that the company has not yet finalised the name but states that it might still go with the name 'G Flex' for the curved phone.
Microsoft investors push for Bill Gates to step down as chairman Three of the top 20 investors in Microsoft Corp are lobbying the board to press for Bill Gates to step down as chairman of the software company he co-founded 38 years ago, according to people familiar with matter. While Microsoft Chief Executive Steve Ballmer has been under pressure for years to improve the company's performance and share price, this appears to be the first time that major shareholders are taking aim at Gates, who remains one of the most respected and influential figures in technology.
Vertu Constellation: world's most expensive mobile phone to retail for £4,000 Features on the hand-assembled Vertu Constellation include encrypted speech, personal protection and tracking, and, in case of a kidnap or a threat to life and limb, a secret button which sends a pre-determined codeword to your security advisers at the press of a button. Explaining the design philosophy behind the £4,000 Constellation, Vertu's Head of Design Hutch Hutchison said: "One of the core thoughts about this was tactility, and it features a much thicker, more sumptuous leather than we've ever used before - really beautiful in the hand and comfortable in the pocket." The phone runs an Android operating system which the company hopes will banish whispers that the performance of the brand's phones matched neither their staggering price nor mass market devices such as the Samsung Galaxy S4 or the Apple iPhone.
Dell launches Venue 7 and Venue 8 Intel-based Android tablets Dell has once again stepped into Android device market, with the launch of two new tablets - the Venue 7 and Venue 8. The Dell Venue 7 tablet has been priced at $149.99 (Rs. 9,300 approximately), while the Dell Venue 8 will be available for $179.99 (Rs. 11,250 approximately). For now, Wi-Fi-only pricing has been revealed, with no word on any storage variants. The company says both tablets will be available from October 18 in the US and select, unnamed countries.
Private equity firm Cerberus interested in buying BlackBerry Private equity firm Cerberus is interested in taking a look at BlackBerry's books as a prelude to a possible bid for the troubled smartphone company. Cerberus is looking to sign a confidentiality agreement with BlackBerry that would allow it to access the company's private information, an official familiar with the situation said Wednesday on condition of anonymity. The official spoke on condition of anonymity because the person was not authorized to discuss the private talks. BlackBerry announced last month that Fairfax Financial Holdings Ltd. signed a letter of intent that "contemplates" buying BlackBerry for $9 a share, or $4.7 billion. Fairfax, BlackBerry's largest shareholder, is trying to attract other investors. It's unclear whether Cerebus is seeking to join Fairfax's deal or bid for Blackberry on its own. BlackBerry is allowed to look for other buyers while Fairfax conducts six weeks of due diligence.
BlackBerry considers property sale in a bid to raise money BlackBerry is eyeing the sale of office space to cut slash expenses after posting a nearly $1 billion loss last quarter, a spokeswoman said Wednesday. "As with any major company, BlackBerry evaluates its real estate on an ongoing basis to ensure the company is optimizing resources," company spokeswoman Lisette Kwong told AFP. "As we work to our target of reducing expenditures by approximately 50 percent over the next three quarters, that includes optimizing our space. Should space become unnecessary for BlackBerry's continued use, we will work with key partners in the community who may need some of our surplus space,
Sharper display iPad Mini faces delay Apple Inc will be unable to widely roll out a new version of the iPad Mini with a high-resolution "retina" display this month, people who work in the company's supply chain said, leaving the gadget without the sharper screen found on rival tablets from Google Inc and Amazon.com Inc. Apple's supply chain is only now gearing up to make retina displays for the iPad Mini, which means the gadgets could be available in only limited quantities this year, if at all, and the company may miss the chance to cash in on the year-end holiday shopping season, the sources said. Cupertino, California-based Apple has come under pressure to preserve market share and bolster sales against rivals that are rapidly raising specifications and lowering prices.
Facebook's new mobile ad format keeps users coming back to familiar apps Mobile Ads for mobile apps are frequently ineffective after the first viewing -- once users install a given app, they rarely have incentives to try the software again. Facebook may have found a way to sustain customers' interest through its new deep linking ad format, however. The approach takes curious visitors to a specific point in an already installed Android or iOS app. A hotel ad can invite you to book a room, for example, while a game ad may take you to a new level pack. We can't promise that the sales pitches will be any more persuasive than before, but they may remind you of installed apps that were previously collecting virtual dust.
HTC must alter chip in One smartphone to avoid Nokia patents Poor HTC. As if it didn't already have enough to deal with, the troubled manufacturer now has to meddle with the original design of the One and other smartphones in order to avoid infringing on a couple of Nokia patents. According to the Wall Street Journal, HTC is currently working with Qualcomm to find a different method of improving reception and transmission within its radio components, following a successful patent suit by Nokia in the US a week ago. If these tweaks don't happen, and if the ITC upholds Nokia's victory when it considers the matter in January, a number of models could potentially be subject to import bans. This has happened before, however, when HTC unwittingly infringed on a Nokia microphone patent and quickly managed to find a workaround, so by now it has become adept at this sort of fire-fighting and says it already has a plan to avoid "business disruption."
Facebook expands Graph Search to include posts and status updates Facebook said Monday it was expanding the capabilities of its "Graph Search" function to help users navigate and find information within postings on the world's biggest social network. "Starting Monday, Graph Search will include posts and status updates. Now you will be able to search for status updates, photo captions, check-ins and comments to find things shared with you," the company said in a statement.
Apple testing flexible OLED displays for its iWatch: Report Apple has been believed to be working on its smartwatch for quite some time, though not much is known about the project except that the watch may be branded as the iWatch, as evident from trademark and patent filings. However, a new report by Korean publication ChosunIlbo(via Unwired View) claims that the Cupertino giant is testing flexible OLED displays in different screen sizes including 1.3-inch, 1.4-inch and 1.5-inch, for its forthcoming smartwatch. The site even claims that a prototype of the Apple iWatch with a 1.5-inch display has already been manufactured, citing people familiar with the matter as the source for this information. However, the report doesn't shed any light on other features of the smartwatch.
Sony Xperia Z1 mini allegedly revealed in leaked official documents While Sony is still busy promoting its latest flagship smartphone, the Xperia Z1 globally, a site has posted a purported official document revealing the Xperia Z1 mini. Xperiablog has published some leaked documents from NTT DoCoMo Japan, revealing the rumoured specifications of the 'Xperia Z1 f' with model number SO-02F alongside the Xperia Z1 (SO-01F), which has already been launched last month at the IFA. The former is believed to be the yet-to-be-announced Xperia Z1 mini.
