Leeds City Station in the evening rush hour Sony Xperia T
One of my favourite songs from one of my favourite albums, great lyrics (even though it's about someone getting killed under a train) There's no mistake, I smell that smell It's that time of year again, I can taste the air The clocks go back, railway track Something blocks the line again And the train runs late for the first time
River Tour boats moored on the River Thames, with Tower Bridge in background
+ Hotel Direct I agree, looking at all the wharves south of the river, it must have been bursting with ships and barges.
Tour Boats on the River Thames, sailing past each other in front of the Shard
+ Hotel Direct yes a lot of my photos se! to have it in the background ! Will have to save up the £25 to go up and see the view one day.
Tour Boats on the River Thames, sailing past each other in front of the Shard
Fish shaped lamppost on the Embankment near London Bridge
Building and reflections, Lower Thames street, London
River Tour boats moored on the River Thames, with Tower Bridge in background
Steam locomotive coming into Ingrow West station on the Keighley and Worth Valley Railway, Yorkshire UK #transporttuesday
Leeds City Station in the evening rush hour Sony Xperia T
Levin Needs A Forever Home Dachshund • Adult • Male • Small Brown County Humane Society Nashville, IN Levin is one of the best examples of the doxie breed we have encountered. He is a happy, loving little man that is so fun to be around. A short walk is all that he needs and while on a leash he behaves very well. He is housetrained, keeps a neat kennel and is always thrilled to interact with anyone who is willing to spend time with him. Come meet him and see for yourself! Photographs are available at www.bchumane.org . Sharing for #FidoFriday + Fido Friday curated by + Wes Lum + mel peifer + Lisa Lisa + Suhaib Ayaz
Thanks + James Meagher and + Sarah-Jane Southern I will tell her!
One man and his dog, outside the old apothecary, Haworth
Cookie on a rock, in front of The Cage in Lyme Park, Cheshire. Good views of most of Manchester from there.
+ James Meagher She is very portable!
Went to Chatsworth House last weekend, staggeringly huge and opulent place. Some more shots in my flickr set
Yes + Frank Clack we will have to go back there is so much to see
Morning sun and a brisk breeze, Autumn has arrived.
The White Gate pub in Mirfield. West Yorkshire "The gate hangs high and hinders none, refresh and rest, and travel on"
The White Gate pub in Mirfield. West Yorkshire "The gate hangs high and hinders none, refresh and rest, and travel on"
Mushroom sculpture on the banks of the River Thames opposite the Tate Modern
Fresh Today, lovely hazy morning down by the riverside
War memorial soldier, with the top of the Shard in the background. Borough High Street Southwark
Thanks + Hotel Direct for the comments, I will certainly keep posting
Halifax Town Hall, grand old Gothic Victorian Building (Halifax, Yorkshire, England of course...)
Underground in the open air Sony Xperia T
Autumn is here, lovely colours and shapes Sony Xperia T
Autumn is here again, lovely colours and shapes
Blatantly cute, this is a pic of Cookie at nine weeks old, the day we got her 10th Dec 2008 - before she grew into her nose!
Basking in the Autumn sunshine
Kings Cross main station, grunged up a bit to look more like it used to! #kingscross
Kings Cross main station, grunged up a bit to look more like it used to! #kingscross
+ Tina Gray yes it's good fun trying to find them! there is on on Borough High Street.
+ Paula Little junction boxes are just control boxes for traffic lights or telecoms cables! found on many streets in cities
Some photos of a weekend canoe trip, on a canal near Basingstoke.
