$1800 US DOLLARS???? That's insane. And the Xbox One is $900 US in Brazil? Why would anyone there buy either one? Could you import for less money?
$1800 US DOLLARS???? That's insane. And the Xbox One is $900 US in Brazil? Why would anyone there buy either one? Could you import for less money?
Nintendo has more games with sales of 15 million or higher than all other publishers combined. The numbers on VG Chartz are off, but Nintendo is the only publisher with better than 20 million in sales. And they've done that with a dozen or so titles. Any publisher would kill for even one title to go over the 20 million mark. Nintendo has had 5 games go over 30 million in sales not counting Wii Sports. Nintendo has made their mark.
3DS games look much better than PS2 game wankers
I hate any company that feels that the best way to sell their product is to talk down about the competition. Its negative campaigning, and if you can't convince me to buy your product by talking about its benefits, I don't want whatever you're selling.
I prefer the Wii U Pro Controller to my DS3's and the 360 controllers that I've played. It the largest, but it fits my hands perfectly.
Wind Waker looks and plays like it was meant for the Wii U all along. I love this game, and I knew the minute that they announced that I had to have it. Maybe this link leads to a Majora's Mask remake if it does well enough.
There's a lot that Nintendo should have done. Not the least of which being, they needed to publish some games. They didn't do much of that either.
There aren't male prostitutes in GTA V, you better go back out and practice some more.
+ Richard Dixon My fault. You're all set then.
+ Antoine Kanaan he's bisexual so I think that only makes him half gay
Dude I'm just kidding. He's as straight as a crooked arrow
Somewhere + Jason Long sobs at the news that + Richard Dixon has been lying to him all this time.....
I went to the zoo and watched a monkey scratch his nut sack and then sniff his hand.
+ Jason Long Yes we do. My home state of Kentucky was under water. And there was ice. Lots and lots ice. + Richard Dixon The main cause of global warming is the decomposing pile of bullshit that most people simply refer to as France.
Look at the free-to-play push that Sony is doing. It may not be THE future, but it's going to be a big part of the future. I fucking well HATE it. FTP that is.
I really don't care if FTP comes to the Wii U, but if it takes over gaming I'll just go fishing instead.
+ Jason Long with guns is no problem for society. Worst thing he will do is kill his dinner. Or shoot himself in the foot. Either way, not a problem for me.
You get tingly when you look at cats from behind + Richard Dixon so I'll just wait to see it for myself.
Mario Kart 8 not making that list is a huge mistake.
+ Richard Dixon Wii U needs a lot of things.
I don't want to hear anything about new Wii U features until the next update brings accounts and online game saves. Then we can get into this other stuff.
+ Philip Figueroa Smartglass and PS Mobile don't do any of this stuff. The only thing that Nintendo is chasing are their own release dates.
+ Randy Ortiz that would be Monster Hunter on Wii U and 3DS.
+ Philip Figueroa takes a real special kind to talk out of both sides of your mouth. First Nintendo is just trying to catch up to Sony and MS, then you say that maybe MS and Sony are working on it themselves. Which story are you going to stick with?
+ Jason Long the only person here that is permitted to speak from his ass is + Richard Dixon
+ Jason Long I'd kiss his ass, but you keep slobbering all over it. I ain't going there.
+ Jason Long that's the smartest decision you've made today.
+ Richard Dixon do the blokes still put their initials on your ass with a marker?
Consoles are always behind PC specs. Nothing new here.
And the Wii was light years behind too. It still managed to squeak out a profit. Sony and MS are more at risk of being swamped by specs on your average PC rig.
+ Richard Dixon I believe that + Jason Long will come to his senses and BUY a Wii U.
Xbox One has titties????? + Richard Dixon will have four Xbox One consoles please. And a case of the jumbo roll moist towlettes.
+ Richard Dixon I have a PAL GameCube that I'll send you. Just needs a spindle.
+ Richard Dixon you wouldn't know funny if it kicked you in the balls and spit in your mouth.
Well, we know you haven't finished it + Richard Dixon because you don't finish games. I haven't because I don't own it.
+ Richard Dixon If not for socialized medicine you could get some help for your mental "issues".
+ Travis Blair It's only self defense if you shoot him. If you punch him, that's assault.
Would you please just stick with a decision? You're worse than a woman sometimes.
+ William Colon He's nowhere near pretty enough to be this indecisive
Fuck that, I'm mad at you + Richard Dixon
+ Richard Dixon I told you where you could stick your iPhone.
Relax guys, + Richard Dixon isn't getting an Xbox One. Recall that after the Nintendo E3 Direct he flipped out. I mean, he lost his shit. Was even talking about selling his Wii U. He got over that quick. Tomorrow is another day, and by then he'll be back on the Sony bus. Thankfully he'll have to sit in the back as penance for his blasphemy.
I'd rather be stoned in a corner with Sony and Nintendo.
I hate any company that feels that the best way to sell their product is to talk down about the competition. Its negative campaigning, and if you can't convince me to buy your product by talking about its benefits, I don't want whatever you're selling.
