Sony release Lightest FULL FRAME camera with interchangeable lens, ever! The A7r
Lightroom 5: Enhancing Isolated Areas of an Image Lightroom 5: Enhancing Isolated Areas of an Image
What Are Hyperlapses And How Can You Make One With Nothing But A Camera And A Tripod
Faking an ND Filter for Long Exposure Photography
Intentional Camera Movement and the Landscape
Yesterday we went o Chinese Garden, Singapore. The park is large and close to the japanese Garden. In the photo you can see a couple of pagodas from the park. #chinesegarden #singapore
La Défense Study II - Tour EDF, La Défense Paris As some of you might have noticed my latest 3 or 4 architectural images are different from my previous successful and award winning series from the past few years. Reason: I always try to keep moving, and never stand still, even if it means you have to leave a successful concept. To quote Mark Twain: to stand still is to fall behind. I'm not saying I'm going to change and revolutionize the world of architectural fine art photography, absolutely not. I'm just saying I'm changing myself, once again. Subtle but important changes in my view to keep growing and never get bored of myself and my work. What you see since a few months and what you will see in the future is a combination of the fine art architectural photography I've done for the past few years and the more technical, sterile and conventional architectural photography as we have always known. Changes will grow over time, this photo reflects today's status. If you want to know more and learn about my new architectural direction, my changed artistic approach and much more that keeps the artistic spirit going, then visit our Chicago workshop and I will tell you all about it. Or do you want to stand still? Here's more info on this fine art architectural workshop: PS: my BW online workshop students will receive a 30% discount for this event. Technical info: Canon 5D MK III with 24mm Tilt/Shift Lens. Maximum vertical shift upwards, no tilt or swing. 1 x Hitech IRND "Prostop 2 rectangular 10 stops & 1 x Hitech IRND Prostop 2 rectangular 6 stops - totaling 16 stops f/8 ISO100 24 mm fixed 369s (6m09sec) Software:Lightroom 4.0 PS CS6 - Silver Efex Pro 2
We're changing the way people do real estate on web
Nature Forces: Photographer Captures Two Lighting Bolts Over The Grand Canyon
Sony release Lightest FULL FRAME camera with interchangeable lens, ever! The A7r
Photography Rules and Finding Balance to Discover Your Own Style
7 Tips for Helping Women Love having their Photo Taken by You
