I think I'd sooner get a d7100
Haha perfect. I do miss that snorting, snuffling pooch.
Because they know their market. For decades, photographers were a bunch of darkroom geeks who valued function and utility over form and style. It's only with the advent of younger, more style-conscious photographers that bag manufacturers realize there are people out there who would rather have a pretty bag that isn't quite as functional than a functional bag that isn't quite as pretty. Me, I'm squarely in both camps. For jobs I want a bag that will pack the most gear, most securely. But for travel and everyday, I want something purty. EDIT: Looking at the Langly now, as stylish as it is, I think most working photographers would just laugh at it. An equivalently-sized Lowepro would hold far more than just a laptop, one SLR, and four lenses.
Case in point: Roughly the same dimensions, roughly the same price. Holds up to three more lenses (if you swap out the speedlights for lenses) than the Langly. It's nowhere near as pretty as the Langly, of course, but you sacrifice form for function. Not saying it's necessarily better, of course, just answering your question as to why traditional bagmakers tended to eschew fashion sense in favor of functionality.
I almost took you up on the offer of the bag, then realized that a) I already have about three large camera backpacks (when I only really need one) and b) the fact that I'm 38 and not 28 means I really should be looking more for camera roller bags for my large gear needs. There's definitely a market, but the one thing standing in the way of stylish bags truly breaking out is the price point. By fashionista standards, $200 isn't a lot to pay for a good-looking, useful bag (it's cheap, in fact). But by Joe Schmoe standards, it's about $100 too much. What we really need is someone to break into that middle-ground market, offering stylish-yet-functional bags in the $75-$150 range.
I absolutely love my Chrome Niko bag and it's pretty much my go-to daybag. I had to make my own insert, but now it's perfect. And it sits so squarely on my back it's completely secure. If you've got ten minutes to spare you can watch my goofy video review of it at Chrome Niko Video Review
Apparently there's a newer two-strap version that looks even better (has a laptop pocket, to boot): Chrome Niko Pack Review and Personal Opinions
