3 stops? Who are these people? Who uses 3 stops when bracketing their shots? It's inconceivable! Now, Big T, bro.... Mighty Mighty, listen to me now and hear me later ... when Sony comes to you and says "Mighty Mighty Trey (I am assuming I'm not the only guy who calls you 'Mighty Mighty', right?) we want to give you a new A7R, and throw is all 5 lenses, an adapter, and some Leica lenses for good measure, and a Porsche to drive around.", do me a favor... take that offer for once in your god forsaken life and have it all shipped to Austin. I know how you hate taking thousand of dollars worth of free next-gen gear. But just this once, think of me. Think of how happy you'd make a rotund Texan. I'll agree to rejoin the show in exchange for this small measure of kindness. Just think about it, ok? That's all I'm askin'.
So if you get 3 under par on a hole do they call it a Clydesdale? If I come out there for the workshop I will probably need to know this. I'm a hella-golfer now. Don't doubt my game. I gots me some 3 under in my bag, Trey. I do.
3 stops? Who are these people? Who uses 3 stops when bracketing their shots? It's inconceivable! Now, Big T, bro.... Mighty Mighty, listen to me now and hear me later ... when Sony comes to you and says "Mighty Mighty Trey (I am assuming I'm not the only guy who calls you 'Mighty Mighty', right?) we want to give you a new A7R, and throw is all 5 lenses, an adapter, and some Leica lenses for good measure, and a Porsche to drive around.", do me a favor... take that offer for once in your god forsaken life and have it all shipped to Austin. I know how you hate taking thousand of dollars worth of free next-gen gear. But just this once, think of me. Think of how happy you'd make a rotund Texan. I'll agree to rejoin the show in exchange for this small measure of kindness. Just think about it, ok? That's all I'm askin'.
+ Shaun Tokunaga Greatest post ever? Hmmm... I'm not sure that hard core groveling rises to the level of greatest post ever, but you may be right. Who am I to question my own greatness?
Monument Valley is a truly special place. I'll go back again some day. It'll probably be there.
Look Ma! I made the Paper! The front page of the Metro and State section of the Austin American Statesman has this little blurb about me scraping off the famous "Greetings From Austin" mural. I know that the Mighty Mighty + Trey Ratcliff , the uber connected + Thomas Hawk and the always out-there + Lotus Carroll probably don't even notice when they're in the local rag, but I thought it was pretty cool. (Now when I sell pieces of the wall I'll be able to prove they are legit! Just kidding. Seriously! I was just kidding! (They're not for sale.))
Well Lar - I guess a sign is selling you something and art, well it just makes you feel good. But hey. It's your world Lar. Call it like you see it and I'll try to stay on the other side of the street if I see you coming just in case.
I'm not that well known in either. And that's how I like it. Notice - even in the paper - you can't see my face. Facial Recognition Software is no good. You gotta think about these things. Hiding in plan view. They'll never see me coming. You know ... them.
The famous "Greeting From Austin" mural that has served as a back drop for thousands of wedding pictures and record videos and has made it way onto everything from post cards to movies is being restored starting this week. I got to help scrap off the old paint today. As people would drive or walk by they'd all looked stunned at what we were doing. After the 100th person asked us if the mural was going to be repainted I started saying things like, "No, they're going to put a big I-phone5 ad here instead." or "We just starting cleaning the wall and the paint started coming off. I hope the owner doesn't get mad. Is it noticeable?" Aaaaaahhhh, lifes simple pleasures. At any rate, You can watch me sraping away on KVUE news here - > They say that the camera adds 75 lbs. Just keep it in mind. That's all I'm saying. Here's a video link from when they were painting the wall originally. It has a nice time lapse. The funniest part of this video is at the very end. There are 4 people blowing a kiss to the camera. One of them is Todd, the owner of the building, and the other 2 guys are Rory Skagan and Bill Brakhage who painted most of the wall with Todd's help. But for some reason Bill is wearing nothing but a towel in this shot. I met Bill about a month or so ago at a fund raiser for this project. I had been told by a few people that he was a little odd and tended to freak people out. This of course made me happy. So, cut to the fund raiser. The place is loaded with the deep-pocket set who are there to donate money to help restore the wall. Rory and I had walked down the street to get some tacos and ran into Bill. So we walked into the Fund Raiser with Bill, who almost immediately, and for no really obvious reason, just pulls his shirt off and starts strutting around like No Big Deal. It was like a Matthew McConaughey movie had just broken out or something. He stayed shirtless for about 15 minutes, and then he re-shirted himself. I guess he figured the effect had worn off. So, anyway - seeing him in a towel in this video made me laugh out loud, for real.
Acquainted With The Night “I have been one acquainted with the night. I have walked out in rain - and back in rain. I have outwalked the furthest city light. I have looked down the saddest city lane. I have passed by the watchman on his beat And dropped my eyes, unwilling to explain.” ― Robert Frost
Laying low. I gotta drop into the basement every now and then to recharge the batteries. Plus, less is more when it comes to me. Better to leave them wanting more than wishing they had seen less.
Well, I left a good job in the city. Working for the man every night and day. But I never lost one minute of sleepin' Worryin' 'bout the way things might have been. (For those of you under the age of 30 - that would be Tina Turner, and she was rollin' on the river.)
No kidding about Utah. I've only been there once, last summer, but it was mind blowing. I didn't get to Bryce, but I hit Deadhorse Canyon, Canyonlands and Arches. I would go back there every year if I could. Next time you're hitting up Utah give me a little notice, as in months, and I'll try to roadie that thing. You could probably spend a lifetime shooting Moab and never get the same shot twice. Oh, and BTW - that's a sweet sweet image you just posted, bro. But I disagree with that worry-about-what-the-signs-says stuff. Warning signs are for the normals + Trey Ratcliff . The normals.
“I want to come!” Why would anyone not throw their name in this hat? It's Trey, and Google, and.. oh yeah - Tokyo. Please go ahead and have your team randomly select me. I'll be OK with it.
Me abd "Hot" + Steve Vaneman Steverocking the beer sox at Oktoberfest
Looks like a White Base Carrier robot. The SCV-70 White Base is a Pegasus-class mobile suit carrier deployed by the Earth Federation. The White Base was also known by the code name 'Trojan Horse', because of her unusual shape. The ship was destroyed at A Baoa Qu.
OK - So this is obviously hitting a nerve. Look at the comments just on this one blog. (Yes. It is a blog by The Mighty Mighty + Trey Ratcliff , but still.) So My question for + Brian Matiash (whom I love) ((Seriously.. He's fairly awesome in all the ways that you want "awesome" to be awesome)) is - How is all of this going to help me make better images? I don't care about the CLOUD. I don't care about Nik or Adobe or Photoshop. That's all someone else's baby. My "baby" is my images. I sell these things. I need these to be BETTER and stick out more than the images of other people I am competing against. I could give a Pant-Load about how "cool" something is, or how "next gen" it is. That don't feed my monkey dude. How does all of this give me an edge over the other guy? Cuz I gotta be honest bro... (If I can't be honest with you big B, who I gonna be honest with'?) ... All of this sound and fury, is signifying nothing to me right now. "Gino! You can upload RAW files to the cloud!" OK. So, ummmm.... how does this help me be more awesome? "Gino! You can do some limited editing online now!" Incredible... again, ... why should I care? The only question that ever needs answering is this - Why should I care? There's probably a really great answer . . . . I just don't know what it is right now. And that means there's a billion other dorks just like me that don't know either.
Are you sure + Michael Seneschal ? Raw just means it's ... raw? I thought it was how Lions in Boston made noise. "Raaaaaw!!!!"
I see all of these moves as necessary steps in the evolutionary trail of online processing. Clearly everything is going away from client side software and more and more towards centralize hubs where data is stored and processed and dispensed. Frankly it makes me sick. I hate this crap. Would Pink Floyd choose this path? Would Hunter S. Thompson wish for this garbage? Would George Orwell think that uploading YOUR information to the cloud, a CLOUD that has it's roots imbedded in CIA seed money, where it is owned and controlled by parties other than you, parties whose loyalty sure isn't THE PEOPLE!, was a good thing? The sad part - it's already over. The war isn't beginning. It's already been lost. There's no point in resisting. Just smile and say "thanks" for putting your dirty paws all over my data. The echo box that is social media can now throw darts at me. And I will thank you.
BTW - + Mark Rodriguez - I want to seriously thank you for taking the time to answer my reply with a snarky blind side humour-grenade. "I feed my monkey Next Gen, and he loves it"? I almost fell out of my chair. That was awesome. I live for the blind side humour. When you don't see it coming it's twice as good.
+ S.E. Kunkle - No. This is a slow train coming. But's coming and standing on the tracks holding your hand up won't stop it even a little bit. You don't have to be a genius to read these leaves. EVERYTHING is going to the cloud now. Personal storage devices will be like pagers in a decade. Will you still be able to buy your own hard drives and store your own data? Sure. But will there be any main stream solutions being built for that sort of application? Less and less. The control grid has been being built for a life time. And we, the masses in general, buy into their hype and gladly welcome it like Cypher in the Matrix. Most people actually welcome the idea of just being a part of some massive machine that does all the thinking for you. They will tell you, "This isn't losing control of your data. It's actually making it more secure and stable." Even though you are signing away the rights to your own work. But like I said, it's already over. Just sit back and try not to fight it. It'll make it easier if you don't.
+ Michael Seneschal . For sure I am not hating on the cloud, per se. Thats like being mad at the fever. Thats just a symptom of a larger problem. And I also tend to lean towards the feelings that people get what they deserve. And honestly I regrettably do feel like the masses in general don't want to have to think for themselves. Everybody screams about how they want to be seen as an individual all while they are rushing towards whatever the latest trendy whatever is. But this willingness to just give up your rights to some large multinational corporation is such a horrible idea that I'm surprised more people aren'twary of it. Again, even though this thread probably does not back me up, I truly don't lose any sleep over it because I don't believe that someone like me, or frankly 99.9 percent of the world, can do anything about. I'm very fatalistic that way. And once you've accepted your fate it's a lot easier to amble through life without being upset about it.
The New Phone Books Here! The New Phone Books Here! A little while back on the Mighty Mighty + Trey Ratcliff variety/photography show one of our guests was + Peter Dering of Peak Design. He showed off their latest little bundle of cool, the Capture Pro device. The San Francisco-based photography gear company describes the new Capture as a completely reimagined version of their original camera clip. I never had the original version, but this one is pretty sweet. The device quickly, safely and easily allows you to clip your camera onto any belt, backpack, or bag that you want. It may seem so simple that you wonder if you really need it, but trust me, once you start using it you won't go back to your Black Rapid strap or anything else. During the show Peter said he was going to ship everyone who was on that show their own Capture Pro, and I got mine this week! How awesome. I've been fooling around with it all week and I have to say I'm sold. In my case I have been attaching it to my belt at the hip and walking around with it like that. I have long hated having my camera on a strap that just flops around as I'm walking, but I'm so paranoid about dropping or damaging my D800 that I always have it strapped in. Now with the Capture Pro I have been able to clip it in and not have that 5 pound brick in my hands all day. I really can't recommend this device to you enough. It has lived up to hype for sure. Thanks Peter for sending me one! An added benefit that I have been really enjoying that I didn't see mentioned on your website ( https://peakdesignltd.com ) is that when you are around other photographers they see the device attached at the bottom of your camera and they can't figure out just what it is. The red quick release button and the black tensioner button opposite of it look very important. When asked I have experimented with several explanations for the red and black buttons, ranging from red-pill/blue-pill speech that Morpheus gave Neo to "I don't know. I dare not press them. What is done often can not be undone!", which I say in the stilted speech pattern of the Elf Queen Galadriel. Almost any odd explanation works as long as you immediately leave after answering the question. So, again, thanks Peter. I'm sure most camera savvy folks will soon know what the buttons do.
Matt - another function that REALLY makes me love this thing is using it to change lenses. Trying to hold my camera, remove a lens and load in a new lens - all without dropping any of them - has always been a hassle. With the camera clipped into my belt my hands are free to hold the lenses. Very handy.
Darren - bro - no worries. Ask anything you like. You will never offend me by asking questions or even straight up telling me that you think my opinions are stinky. Life is for questioning! Now, onto the answer. I own a Black Rapid Strap. It is the best camera strap there is IMO. BUT . . .like I said, I hate doing long photoshoots/walks with the bowling ball flopping around my neck. It's just not that comfortable to me. The Capture device clicks into place. You definitely know if you are in or not. Sure I suppose if you have been heavily drinking you could attempt to click it into place, fail to notice that you missed it entirely, and drop your rig on your boot. But other than that, you know if you're click in. You can even hear the little click when it locks into place. Think "seat belt". When you click in your seat belt are you unsure if it's in? No. It either clicked in or it didn't. The Capture's arca type plate easily clips in and snaps into place, and there really isn't any doubt if it's in or not. As for comfort, when I have my D800, with the 14-24mm lens, which I mostly have on all the time, and it's bouncing off my chest or abdomen as I'm walking down the street - well - that's annoying. So I usually end up just holding it, even though it's strapped in. But with the Capture on my side attached to my belt, it isn't bouncing around. It stays pretty stable and isn't annoying me, and I don't have to hold it. I will admit that at first, out of old fears, I was still keeping my hand on the camera, just in case. But after a few days my faith in the Capture Pro was built up enough that I stopped. You do need to be careful not to run your rig into a light pole if you are going to have it on your hip, but other than that - it's not coming out. The black tensioner button allows you tighten the camera down really snug so there is no movement at all. (I'm not sure if they refer to the black button as a tensioner button. But that's what I call it.) If you have it tightened down all the way you will have to loosen the black button back down a few turns before you can release the camera from the clip using the red button. I really didn't think I would like this thing as much as I do. I thought it was cool looking and I figured for walking around it would be nice. But I use it at all times now. Unless I'm going to be shooting at at static location, in which case I'm probably going to mount my camera on a tripod or just hand hold it, the Capture is on my camera. And BTW, you can leave the Capture Pro on your camera and use the arca type release plate to mount on your tripod, which I do. It's actually just as stable as the release plate that came with my tripod, which is a Giottos mh 1301. So, there you have it.
Oh I dunno about that. A big fat check with 5 or 6 zeroes at the end of it is pretty awesome. Your bros unexpectedly picking up the tab is fairly cool. But sure. Babies are on the list.
Some good friends of mine had another baby this week. When their first daughter. Teaghan, came into the world I was there to snap some early shots and one of them now hangs in the hallway of their house. It's the second image in this set. So when the new bundle came around I knew I'd need to get one of her too so she wouldn't grow up resenting me. Now Teaghan is 2 years old and they wanted a few shots of her holding little sister. The blank 10,000 mile stare she has on her face was just killing me. It is probably not the look her parents wanted captured, but it was awesome.It's the exact same look that Dustin Hoffman had on his face at the end of the movie The Graduate when he's on the bus with Katharine Ross rolling away from her wedding with the blank stare of realization that he doesn't know what to do now. Little Teaghan seemed like she was thinking, "What is this? He's not really taking pictures of me at all. It's this new thing. Everyone is paying attention to it. And not me. I'm not the center of the universe anymore. I need a minute. What does my life mean now?" Teaghan's mom said that she had already wanted to know when the new baby could go back home. I processed it very white to highlight the blinding reality of a Teaghan's uncertain new future.
Kids Are Weird I noticed that the tax deductions were dragging chairs into the garage, which is about 113 right now. So I put down the frosty adult beverage and went out to see if anyone had melted into the floor yet. They were all sitting out there watching the clothes dryer like Richard Dreyfuss watching the mothership drop behind Devils Tower in Close Encounters. I half expected one of them to turn to me, point at the dryer and say, "They're Heeeeere!" I just shook my head and retreated back into the safety of the air conditioning.
Well, here it is. The last image from the New Orleans trip and the first one I took on the plane just before we touched down in the Big Easy. I really enjoyed processing all these images and sharing them with you. I hope you enjoyed them as much as I did.
The Inn on St. Anne This was the first shot I took in New Orleans. As we walked into the Inn that we would be staying at in the French Quarter I knew I had to drop my bags and get off a shot. The place was old, creaky, noisy, and cramped and really cool.
Normally I don't put everyone on blast about being on the Mighty Mighty Big + Trey Ratcliff show, but honestly, this show is kind of on the cool side. + SmugMug is without question the best site to show off your images and get em' bought - IMO. And I put my money where my mouth is on this one, kids. I have paid for pro sites on Flickr, 500px, and some other site that I can't recall right now. But these days my cash is going to Smugmug. And now they have apparently instructed there code nerds to turn the knob to 11 and rip it off because their head pixel-dude + Chris MacAskill is dropping the news tomorrow and then stepping over to the Mighty Trey Show to give us all the details on the new and improved SmugMug. + Thomas Hawk and + Karen Hutton and the real + Dave Veffer will be there along with myself to soak in the goodness of the new SmugMuglicious site. So stop by https://plus.google.com/events/cnh1gntot8i50ggmkkemnc7d8eg ! at 9pm CST Tuesday evening to find out what all the fuss is about. Rumour has it that Chris and Trey are going to be giving away one free date with + Michael Bonocore to a lucky listener. He's semi-hot and single and takes amazing images. What else do you want? Be there. All the cool kids will be.
The view from across Decatur street looking over Jackson Square is really really cool. You are at the extreme southern end of the French Quarter and everything is sprawled out before you. Cafe Du Monde is just to the right of this scene and the wonderful smells from the cafe drift across as you stand there. It took awhile to get a good clean shot of the horse carriages lining up like 19th century taxi's, but I knew it would be a good shot, so I waited it out. I had to use my "mean mug" face several times as large tourists would wander in front of my camera, stand there for a second trying to process what I was doing, and then ask , "Are you trying to take a Pitchure?", to which I would reply, "No. The singularity is about to happen, right here in Jackson Square, and I want my camera to get in on the action. Once it becomes self aware there's no telling how good my shots will be! *fingers crossed*!" They'd either look dumb founded and say, "Well, ... Ok then." and move or they'd say, "Honey, get the kids. We need to get back to the wagon." Either way they'd clear out. So job well done. We had just got off a plane less than 2 hours before this shot and I was very happy to be in the quarter. There were so many great looking shots waiting to be taken. I knew it was going to be fun. And it was. Thanks again to + Karin Barasa for making it happen. Big Cyber Hug
I didn't take it as a creepy thing. Smokin' can either mean I was, or am about to be, on fire, or that I have a weed issue, or that I am listening to Boston LP's. None of those things are too creepy. So thanks.
*Cafe Du Monde - * Every now and then you see a great location and you really hope you can get it in the can the way you are seeing it in your head. Our first night in the quarter we walked down to grab some beignets at the world famous Cafe Du Monde. I had never been there, but when I saw the place I knew it was a great image just waiting to be captured. It feels very real like only genuine places feel. Like the opposite of theme parks. Everything has a weight to it and sense of history. Even the staff have that million year old look to them. (Sidenote: I just realized something. Everytime I go to a restaurant or pub/bar that is "World Famous" the staff always have a really blaise attitude about them, like they really couldn't care less about you. Pat O'Briens in the quarter and Cafe Du Monde both had staff that just couldn't care less. Also, "The Varsity" in Atlanta is an institution there and the staff are just as rude as they can be. I think when you know that the joint is going to be packed no matter how you act you start losing your will to live or something. Anyway...) This image set the tone for the rest of the trip. After I saw the image in the view finder I knew it was going to be good and I had a great feeling the rest of the trip was too.
+ Stephen Berlin - Well... I try. Thanks! I'm glad you like them. The dopamine rush from unfiltered praise like you just gave is always nice.
Remnants of the Day Late at night in and around Jackson Square is a really interesting time and place. The Cathedral-Basilica of Saint Louis, King of France, also called St. Louis Cathedral, that you see in this shot, slowly fills with the kind of people that, ummmmm.... the brochures don't feature. Tarot card readers start setting up tables and candles. The homeless gather and swap tales of despair and worthless tourists. Young men filter in with beat up guitars and trumpets and start drifting in and out of various songs that echo across the square and come back again. I admit that I did not at all feel safe as I walked about, setting up my tripod, and grabbing shots. I know enough from previous experience that it's best to avoid directly taking a shot of these types of folks. They don't generally appreciate the tourist with the big camera taking their picture. And trust me, you do not want to get into a brawl with a man with less teeth than you currently have. He's already proved that he's willing to lose way more than his dignity, and a night in the hoosegow may be an upgrade for him. So I find that it's best to go about the business of picture taking as if you are a foreigner who doesn't speak the local language. If you get approached, just start mumbling nonsensical words and look confused while you point at random things around you. Shrug your shoulders every time you are asked anything. After a few minutes of this even the most hardened panhandler will leave you alone. In an earlier post I talked about how a homeless guy tried to get me to go down an alley with promises of a great shot waiting for there. I of course would have nothing to do with this obvious attempt to lure me into a trap where I would be robbed and beaten like a beach ball at a Van Halen concert. Turns out there really WAS a great shot down that alley. But, you know... So anyway, that exchange (Homeless guy telling me to go down the alley, me shrugging and babbling in a non-existent foreign language) happened right here in this square a few minutes after I took this shot.
Thanks Wick. Coming from a NoLa Local that's a real compliment.
*Morning in Jackson Square - * One of the first posts I put up after we got back from New Orleans mentioned how incredible the Quarter is in the morning compared to the night. This shot is what I was referring to. The beautiful, wet sidewalks with only the occasional jogger to break the silence. Just to the left is Jackson Square and just past that is the massive cathedral that defines the square. Behind me was Cafe Du Monde filling the morning air with the sweet smell of their world famous beignets and hickory coffee. This was my first morning there. It was somewhere around 6am. To the left of this shot on the other side of Jackson Square was the spot where they were filming Hot Tub Time Machine 2. About 15 minutes after I took this image my adventure with the film crew began. The park bench shots I posted earlier tonight were taken just around the corner and up the sidewalk to the left of this shot. I have no real idea why I have been doing this, but all these images I have been posting are in the reverse order that I took them. I have been going back in time through the trip. I have not looked at any of the images until I have processed them. So working on all these images has been really fun as I have been reliving these spots as I have been processing them. All that is left for me to process is the first night we spent there, which was tragically spent on Bourbon street. Just a few shots left and the New Orleans/French Quarter trip will be put to bed.
High Water Mark The old wooden doors in the quarter show the scars of Katrina like a splintered badge of courage.
She was a hot one + Todd Sisson . Trust me. She took the paint off the doors, if you know what I mean, and I think you do.
Shut the Front Door
There's a section in the French Quarter they call artists alley. The guy (George Rodrigue) who painted up a blue dog and got PAAAAIIIDDD for it has his own gallery there. I guess in a way I'm sort of hating on this guy because I was/am highly annoyed at just how much bank this joker is making off of basically the same blue dog. Oh, sure. He HAS branched out into new areas. Like Yellow Dogs. And Red Dogs. Of course they all have the same look on their faces . . . the same look I have when I realize that my dog just pooped on the living room rug. That look. But that's not bad enough. What really hurts is that this guy is so famous from making a Blue Dog that his wife has her own following based on being the wife of the guy that paints the Blue Dogs! That's just salt in the wound right there. People flood to her blog so that they can read the musings of the person who is married to the guy who paints Blue Dogs! WHHYYYYYYY?????? What could you possibly hope to glean from those musings? "What did Mr. Blue Dog eat for breakfast? Does it affect whether or not he paints the dog blue or red or yellow?" This sort of stuff tends to really annoy me.
LOL! Thanks for telling me that + Wick Sakit . Now I don't feel so bad for hating.
+ Tawni Henlin - I crack me up too. Now if only my wife thought I was funny...
+ Darren Neupert - Yes, the cathedral is just off camera to the right of this shot. In fact, I think it was in the shot and I cropped it out.
*Jackson Square Bench - * In the Quarter you can see Jackson Square from just about anywhere. Apparently the homeless can see it too because they gather there every evening. There are a bunch of benches all along the church they hang out around. Each of the benches have incredible patina on them. They probably have incredible bodily fluids on them too, but still.
+ Andrew Kearney , + Darren Neupert , + Mike Gavin , + David Miller - thanks for the comments fellas. I appreciate it.
So, here's a little something about me that I'll share. I am not experimental when it comes to food. At all. I will eat the same thing for breakfast, lunch and dinner every day of the week and double down the next week on the same thing. And this drives my wife nuts. She wants to try everything. The more exotic the better. But not me. So, what does this have to do with this image? We ate breakfast here every morning while we were in New Orleans. And I ate the exact same thing every morning. It was awesome. My wife was less than thrilled with this tact, but since this trip was kind of her gift to me, she allowed this indulgence. (Thanks babe.) I loved this spot. It was a few blocks deeper into the French Quarter than the place we were staying at, so it was easy to walk to and got us going in the right direction. Remember the shot of the two girls playing mandolin and a saw, with the blue dog in the window behind them? Those two girls were right outside the windows across the street and to the right. I could hear them playing as we ate. The morning breeze would blow right in through those huge shutters and the food was just the best. And the coffee! Wow. So good. Once you find a place that's this good, and order a meal that's just perfect, and you realize that you are drinking the best coffee.... why would you bother going anywhere else or ordering anything else?
.. and she did. Karin will order something different every single time just on principle.
Thanks + Chris Stivala . I may dial it back though. Better to leave em' wanting more than wishing you had already left.
+ Steve Perry - It's at the corner of St. Anne and Royal. I think it's called Pere Antoine's restaurant.
Door 734 I have no idea if anybody else out there is liking these doorway shots from New Orleans. We all have what we like, and I really thought the doors in the Quarter were just so interesting. They let you see a little bit of what is just behind them, but hold the mystery like a dark secret. The dwellings are so old. Some of the stories of the events that have happened inside of these walls were terrible and horrific. There is a sense of weight in these walls that is palpable. I think I have posted about 4 or 5 shots like this one of various doorways. I promise, I took another hundred. Don't worry. I won't post them all. ;]
Love World .... meet Love. Love? Give us a smile, eh? I saw this large guy standing out front of Pat O'Briens. He was at least 6'5" and stood straight and still. At first I thought he was a wooden carving or something. I asked him if I could take his picture. (Normally I don't ask. Ask for forgiveness not permission, right? But this guy was big and immediately frightening.) He said, "Sure. Go ahead." So I framed him and took a snap. But he looked like, well, he looked like he looks in this image. He just stared off with this thousand mile stare like he was seeing some distant bugle player. So said, "Hey, Ummm.... Love? Can you maybe smile, or, you know, just kind of look ,... inviting?" "Oh. Yeah. Sure. Ok. Sorry 'bout that." So I get back and snap off another shoot. It was this shoot. There was a line of people piling up behind me, so I went ahead and made a gut call that this was as good as Love was going to get. Little did I know that everyone who works at Pat O'Briens has this same look on their face.
+ Shaun Tokunaga Greatest post ever? Hmmm... I'm not sure that hard core groveling rises to the level of greatest post ever, but you may be right. Who am I to question my own greatness?
