Sony rolling out firmware update for Xperia Z1 and Z Ultra FINALLY, Sony rolling out firmware update for Xperia Z1 and Z Ultra: Sony has started rolling out a new firmware update for the Xperia Z1 and the Xperia Z Ultra. The update makes improvements across the board, from the camera to the display and battery lif...
Windows 8.1 unveiled Windows 8.1 unveiled: new apps, new features and the return of the Start button: Windows 8.1 (codenamed "Blue"), the first major update to Windows 8 and RT, was officially announced by Microsoft on May 14, 2013. Following a presentation devoted to the up...
A stable version of Ubuntu's mobile OS is available now... if you own a Nexus 4 A stable version of Ubuntu's mobile OS is available now... if you own a Nexus 4 : AWESOME WORK BY THE ENTIRE UBUNTU CREW, REALLY HATS OFF. Ubuntu 13.10 for smartphones , as well as desktops , is finally available as a stable release. The gesture-heavy, Li...
SwiftKey 4.3 update offers keyboard layouts you can resize, move and split SwiftKey 4.3 update offers keyboard layouts you can resize, move and split : San Francisco, CA, October 17, 2013 - SwiftKey, the leading Android keyboard app, today announced public beta access to its latest version, dubbed 'Layouts for Living'. The SwiftK...
Kobo launches eReaders and tablet , INDIA Kobo launches eReaders and tablet: K obo has launched three new e-readers – Kobo Touch, Kobo Glo and Kobo Aura HD. Kobo has also launched the Kobo Arc Android tablet. All four devices are Wi-Fi-only and now available in India through Croma, Crossword, and ...
Facebook now has official app for Windows 8.1 Facebook now has official app for Windows 8.1: W indows 8.1 has now gotten a nice little boost just before its official launch. Facebook has now officially launched its app version for the OS. Overall, the new app looks exactly how you would expect from Fa...
Google Play Music Update Brings I'm Feeling Lucky Radio To Android Google Play Music Update Brings I'm Feeling Lucky Radio To Android Google pushed out a version of Play Music that brought genr e-based radio to mobile. Today, Music is making its way out via staged rollout, and it brings yet another radio feature: I'm Feel...
Physics-Based Title 'Rabbids Big Bang' Android GAME Physics-Based Title 'Rabbids Big Bang' Android GAME: Rabbids Big Band - ugh, Big Gang, no, Big Bang is a physics-based game where you manipulate the now space-faring Rabbids with your finger tips, keeping them from launching off into the emptiness of spac...
EA Launches Classic Game Dungeon Keeper For Android EA Launches Classic Game Dungeon Keeper For Android, But Only In Canada, Australia, And Singapore For Now : If you're feeling a bit diabolical today, just be patient – Dungeon Keeper has begun its slow rollout on Android. This refresh of the classic strateg...
Google Play Store 4.4 to bring new navigation UI design Google Play Store 4.4 to bring new navigation UI design: Google is prepping some new changes for the upcoming version 4.4 of the Google Play Store app that will bring it in line with other Google apps on your Android device. You may have noticed that some ...
Lenovo showcased 8-inch Miix 2 Windows 8.1 tablet Lenovo showcased 8-inch Miix 2 Windows 8.1 tablet: Miix 2 comes with an 8-inch display and has been crafted with a sleek profile measuring 5.18 x 8.48 x .32 inches, and weighing 349 grams. The Miix 2 slate gets the newest Bay Trail Atom technology. It is po...
MediaTek MT6592 Octa Core benchmark score unveiled MediaTek MT6592 Octa Core benchmark score unveiled: The world first real Octa Core processor Mediatek MT6592 benchmark scores are out. Back in the heat of the summer MediaTek announced the world first true octa-core processor. Dubbed the MediaTek MT6592...
GUYS CHECK OUT THE NEW Li-Fi TO REPLACE Wi-Fi IN CHINA GUYS CHECK OUT THE NEW Li-Fi TO REPLACE Wi-Fi IN CHINA: Li-Fi is touted as a boon to China netizen community, the highest in the world with about 600 million connections Beijing: Chinese scientists have successfully developed a new cheaper way of getting co...
Apple silently increases iPhone 5s, 5c prices in France Apple silently increases iPhone 5s, 5c prices in France: Apple has silently increased the retail price of its iPhone 5s and 5c models in France. The price increase isn't drastic - the iPhone 5s 16 GB model has saw a €10 increase, the 32 GB model a €12 and t...
WOW!!!! Consumer Reports: iPhone screen no match for Android flagships iPhone screen no match for Android flagships: Consumer Reports , one of the most influential comparison sites in tech, has wrapped up its review of the new iPhone 5s and 5c models. While it holds the improved processor, better camera, and new fingerprint se...
Android 4.3 for Samsung I9505 Galaxy S4 now available Android 4.3 for Samsung I9505 Galaxy S4 now available: We've got good news for all international I9505 Galaxy S4 users. Samsung has just begun to roll out the Android 4.3 Jelly Bean firmware update for the LTE-enabled version of its flagship smartphone. T...
Press image of Samsung Galaxy S4 Zoom with AT&T attire leaks Press image of Samsung Galaxy S4 Zoom with AT&T attire leaks: Samsung Galaxy S4 Zoom with AT&T livery emerged in a press image, courtesy of @evleaks . The camera-centric smartphone will likely hit the carrier’s shelves in time for the holiday shopping seas...
Astronomers discover a planet traveling through space without a sun Astronomers discover a planet traveling through space without a sun: Early Wednesday, astronomers at the University of Hawaii at Manoa reported that they found a young planet floating through the void of space without a star to call its own. The planet, dub...
Astronomers discover a planet traveling through space without a sun Astronomers discover a planet traveling through space without a sun: Early Wednesday, astronomers at the University of Hawaii at Manoa reported that they found a young planet floating through the void of space without a star to call its own. The planet, dub...
SIMPLY WOW !!!! 100Gbps wireless data transmission world record set 100Gbps wireless data transmission world record set: Think your 802.11ac router is pretty amazing? It’s got nothing on a new system created by the Franhofer Institute and Karlsruhe Institute of Technology in Germany, which recently completed a 100Gbps da...
Need for Speed Rivals Need for Speed Rivals: Need for Speed Personalization Gameplay Need for Speed Rivals is bringing car personalization back to the franchise. As a racer, players can make their car standout on the open roads, selecting from different colors, rims, decals, liv...
Specs of Samsung's flexible display smartphone revealed Specs of Samsung's flexible display smartphone appear: After all these years of research and development, the flexible display smartphone might soon become reality. Samsung is already rumored to bring its first smartphone with flexible display this month ...
Apple asks ITC to broaden Samsung import ban Apple asks ITC to broaden Samsung import ban: Apple has filed an appeal, requesting the US International Trade Comission (ITC) to broaden the import ban to include more Samsung smartphones. The Cupertino-based company aims to reverse ITC decisions which all...
Apple asks ITC to broaden Samsung import ban Apple asks ITC to broaden Samsung import ban: Apple has filed an appeal, requesting the US International Trade Comission (ITC) to broaden the import ban to include more Samsung smartphones. The Cupertino-based company aims to reverse ITC decisions which all...
HTC outs 5-inch Desire 709d in China HTC outs 5-inch Desire 709d in China: HTC Desire 709d features a 5" qHD Super LCD2 display and runs on the Snadpragon 200 chipset with a quad-core 1.2GHz Cortex-A5 processor, Adreno 203 graphics and 1GB of RAM. Other notable features of the HTC Desire 709...
I Have Seen the Future and It's a One-Handed Magnetic Zipper I Have Seen the Future and It's a One-Handed Magnetic Zipper: Under Armour is making the bold claim that it's finally "fixed zippers." And while its innovative new Magzip feature probably isn't going to change the entire world, it's still a vast improvement...
I Have Seen the Future and It's a One-Handed Magnetic Zipper I Have Seen the Future and It's a One-Handed Magnetic Zipper: Under Armour is making the bold claim that it's finally "fixed zippers." And while its innovative new Magzip feature probably isn't going to change the entire world, it's still a vast improvement...
Vivo creates the first 2K smartphone Vivo breaks the 1080p barrier with the first 2K smartphone: Chinese manufacturer Vivo is in production of a display set to feature 2560 x 1440 pixel resolution. Vivo teased its upcoming product today, hailing it as the first 2K smartphone, but wasn't courte...
Alcatel One Touch Fierce and Evolve Alcatel One Touch Fierce and Evolve coming to T-Mobile: Alcatel has officially announced that its two new affordable smartphones - One Touch Fierce and Evolve will be launching on T-Mobile. The One Touch Fierce and Evolve will be available across T-Mobile's...
BLU Studio 5.5 now official with two SIM slots, quad-core CPU for $179 $179 BLU Studio 5.5 now official with two SIM slots, quad-core CPU: BLU has announced its Studio 5.5 affordable smartphone, which offers a large screen and a quad-core CPU at a very attractive price point. It's built around a 5.5" TFT display with a resolut...
Jolla based upcoming smartphone, INDIA` Jolla based upcoming smartphone: The dual-core 1.4GHz processor and 1GB RAM in the phone are on a Snapdragon chipset and while Jolla didn’t give its exact model number, it's probably a SoC similar to the one in the HTC One mini. The 4.5" qHD (960 x 540 pixe...
Jolla based upcoming smartphone, INDIA` Jolla based upcoming smartphone: The dual-core 1.4GHz processor and 1GB RAM in the phone are on a Snapdragon chipset and while Jolla didn’t give its exact model number, it's probably a SoC similar to the one in the HTC One mini. The 4.5" qHD (960 x 540 pixe...
Samsung launches dual-SIM version of the Galaxy Note 3 Samsung launches dual-SIM version of the Galaxy Note 3: Samsung has just launched the dual-SIM version of the Galaxy Note 3 phablet. Most of the recent Galaxies received a dual-SIM treatment shortly after release and the Galaxy Note 3 is no exception. The...
Lenovo Vibe Z with 1080p display, Snapdragon 800 goes official Lenovo Vibe Z with 1080p display, Snapdragon 800 goes official: The Lenovo Vibe Z was previously known as K910 and sports a metal body and a design similar to the Vibe X, which the company hopes to appeal to the younger demographic outside China. The Lenovo...
KDDI unveils LG isai, Fujitsu Arrows Z, Sharp Aquos Series KDDI unveils LG isai, Fujitsu Arrows Z, Sharp Aquos Series: There are four newly introduced phones though that will become available in late November - LG isai, Fujitsu Arrows Z, Kyocera Digno M, and Sharp Aquos Serie. LG and KDDI partnered to make the LG i...
Samsung Galaxy J for Japanese market leaks out Samsung Galaxy J for Japanese market leaks out : The Sony Xperia Z1 mini isn’t the only drool-worthy, Japan-only smartphone we ran into today. Samsung Galaxy J is yet another top-shelf Android handset bound for NTT DoCoMo as part of the carrier’s winter lin...
LG announces curved battery for phones and wearable devices LG announces curved battery for phones and wearable devices : LG Chem (a battery manufacturer) is not square – no really, the company just announced they are breaking away from rectangular batteries. Those don't fit well into certain phone designs, like LG'...
iPhone 5s chipset detailed MUST KNOW INDIA iPhone 5s chipset detailed, 1.3GHz CPU, PowerVR Series 6 GPU: APPLE iPhone 5s runs on a new Apple A7 SoC that utilizes a 64-bit processor. This new CPU turns out to be a dual-core unit clocked at 1.3GHz and uses the latest ARM v8 64-bit cores. Apple's new ...
Nook Simple Touch Glowlight gets a price cut, now available for £49 Nook Simple Touch Glowlight gets a price cut in UK, now available for £49 Nook Simple Touch Glowlight has received a price cut in the UK and the eReader is now available for just £49 while stocks last. The Nook that comes with integrated lighting will be up...
Square Cash lets you send cash through email Square Cash lets you send cash through email You may have heard of the mobile payment company Square. Co-founded by the co-founder of Twitter – Jack Dorsey – the company came up with the revolutionary Square Reader for the iPhone for swiping credit cards di...
