Sony Xperia C Review Sony Xperia C is not one of those 5 inch screen phone which you can buy for around 12,000 Rupees. It’s different, what’s different you ask? Well, first of all its a Sony phone and anything which is Sony does not come cheap, Xperia M is an exception. You are...
Privacy Policy This Privacy Policy governs the manner in which TweaksMe collects, uses, maintains and discloses information collected from users (each, a “User”) of the website (“Site”). This privacy policy applies to the Site and all pr...
Something About Us SHUBHAM SINGH : is a young addicted Blogger who is founder of Zenkyworld. He is 15 years old and living in India, Kanpur. Currently, He is studying in 11th grade and running his site. He loves to share his Blogger resources, making money online and helpin...
Wordpress Premium Themes In this article i have collected free premium wordpress themes that are made this year, and that are free. The WordPress community has lately diverged its concentration from free WordPress themes to paid “Free and Free Premium” WordPress themes . However, ...
Premium Blogger Templates 250+ Best Free Blogger Templates Blogger , Freebies , Templates Posted By Jane On 1, August 2013 Best Free Blogger Templates for 2013 are released constantly. And some better than others. Blogger is a very simple and easy to use blogging platform. The...
Sony Xperia C Review Sony Xperia C is not one of those 5 inch screen phone which you can buy for around 12,000 Rupees. It’s different, what’s different you ask? Well, first of all its a Sony phone and anything which is Sony does not come cheap, Xperia M is an exception. You are...
Broken Links On Your Site? Broken Link Checker To The Rescue Links to your site are great (as long as they are natural), but one thing that you should always make time to check is whether you have any broken links or not. Broken links on a site can look unprofessional and can cause problems with search engines if yo...
Create Evergreen Content For Your Blog Every site needs content that attracts traffic, as that is how you get people onto your site to then buy your products/services. Certain types of content are better at doing this than other, which is known as evergreen content . Whilst talking to people...
Investing In A Website: A Better Return On Investment Than A Bank Account? Changing perspective can always make you see things differently, if I said that people should invest in a blog and spend a few years working on it most people would say that it wasn’t worth it. I however disagree, I believe starting a blog can be one of the...
What “Now You See Me” Can Teach Us About SEO? Weird title for a post I know but bear with me, this is actually an SEO post. Recently I went to watch the new movie “Now You See Me” – it’s very good – check it out. But whilst watching it I remember thinking the whole way through how is this going to end....
Do What You Love or Do What Works? This is one of the hardest decisions you need to make when it comes to starting an online business especially if you are thinking of going down the blogging route where you will need to create a lot of content. Content creation is hard at the best of times,...
A-Z of Online Marketing This is the complete A-Z of Online Marketing from BizzeBee – this list could have been very different, it got re-written several times. In fact if I was to write it again some time down the line it would change again. But – these terms are all relevant in t...
The Internet, The New Frontier Of Modern Business The Internet, The New Frontier Of Modern Business If you were not quite aware, the world has been witnessing a global recession since 2008, just when we think it is improving we hear of the sudden collapse of countries like Greece and Spain. There are a lot...
How Often Should You Post On Your Blog? One question that comes up time and time again when talking to new bloggers is “ How often should you post on your blog? ” It’s a valid question, I mean how many times should you post? I’m sure everyone will have their own opinion, but I thought I would s...
15 Blog Post Ideas To Use When You Are Stuck For Ideas I previously wrote about the need to publish quality content on your site, why evergreen content is great for long term success and even how often you should post, but what do you do when you just can’t seem to think of a blog post ideat? This is something...
The Easiest Ways To Make Money From Blogs! If you are wondering how to earn some cash from your own blog, then here we are going to share with you some of the most effective and easiest ways to start making money from your blog. Join an Advertising Program There are many advertising programs availab...
What We Bloggers Can Learn From Oprah Winfrey If you want to create a successful niche blog and build it up to authority status then you probably should take a leaf out of Oprah Winfrey ’s book. Oprah is a very clever and successful woman who has built an empire buy giving her viewers what they really...
Beginners Guide To Affiliate Marketing I thought it was about time we got down to talking about something that all of us Bizzebee’s do with our own sites – affiliate marketing, which can be a fantastic way to monetize your website. In this post we will talk about what affiliate marketing is and...
How To Get – Premium Adsense Account Features Most bloggers use Google Adsense as their primary monetization tool right? I am sure that if you are reading this blog post, you too are either using Google Adsense ads or wanting to use Adsense in the future. But did you know that a select group of people ...
What Should Do Before Applying For Adsense To Ensure Approval All new bloggers or semi seasoned bloggers know that Google Adsense is one of the best programmes to earn money through advertising on your blog or website. But recently, it has become quite hard to get a 100% approved Adsense account because of the nume...
How To Add Adsense Ad Code Inside Blogger Posts. Friends today, we have got an interesting site that will surely help you to maximize your adsense revenue.As we have told you before our post regarding Adsense that it is the only Ad Network company that will pay you most.But all this maximizing of your rev...
Parse Ad Codes Adsense Hey Friends!!! today we are sharing our another new tool that will definitely help a lot to you you guys.Adsense Codes are Basically in HTML form and you can only paste that code from your blogger layouts gadgets.But what if when you want to paste your ads ...
Some Changes In Google Adsense Terms And Conditions (2013) As we know that Google Adsense is the largest and most popular ad network.It always try to server their publisher and advertisers more reliably and professionally.So keeping that in mind Google has made some most important changes in their terms and conditi...
Why You Should Avoid Copying Content From Other Websites. It is clear that the blogosphere world is growing with huge speed. People enter into the online internet world. Some of them get ideas to make money online and through the research, they enter into the blogging world because blogging is the best method to...
Samsung Galaxy Note 3 now available on Verizon Samsung and Verizon launched the Galaxy Note 3 today, right on schedule . The phablet flagship costs $299.99 with a two-year contract or $699.99 off contract. Verizon is also offering the Samsung Galaxy Gear smartwatch accessory. It can be yours for $299.9...
BlackBerry considers a split-up in search for a buyer Bloomberg reports that BlackBerry could be forced to consider splitting itself up in order as its potential buyer might not be able to find the funding to afford the buyout. As we reported earlier Fairfax Financial Holdings has offered BlackBerry the cool ...
Blue HTC One now hits the UK, blue One mini to follow soon HTC put out beautiful blue versions of the One and One mini but they are exclusive to certain retailers. In the UK that retailer is Carphone Warehouse, who just put up the blue HTC One on sale while the One mini will come later this month.} The big HTC On...
Searching for a hitman in the Deep Web With the arrest of alleged Silk Road mastermind Ross Ulbricht in San Francisco last week, there's been a renewed spotlight on the shadowy network of the Deep Web , the sites accessible only through the encrypted Tor network . Granted the cover of an...
