Anyone else tempted by this new #camera from Sony?
Anyone else tempted by this new #camera from Sony?
Fall is here #flower #photography from:
I was browsing older photos and found this one from last spring of a young wheat field near Rickreall, OR from:
Venti's fast couch @ the Capitol City couch races, Salem, OR
Early army truck at the steam - up.
Catching the rays peeking through the leaves.
Old electric motor I found in Salem, OR I like the texture in the paint, what do you all think? from:
I haven't taken pictures on the 4th of July for a couple years so decided to try again this year. It was fun trying to capture as much color as I could! from www.kiwandacreative.com/blog
With 30 years experience as a photographer, including working for + National Geographic and + Sports Illustrated , you might say + Joe McNally is at the top of his game. But he's never reached a height quite like the one he does in this video:
If only I had money! this is for + David Vanderhoof
North Head Lighthouse at the mouth of the Columbia River, I liked how the weather has beaten this lighthouse over the years. from: kiwandacreative.com/blog
My attempt at an HDR of the sun setting over the pacific taken from the north jetty @ the mouth of the columbia river, from kiwandacreative.com
The Canyon Maze, Paria River, Grand Staircase-Escalante, Utah (UT), USA The composition was a challenge for this photograph as there were foot prints in the wet sand. This photograph was taken at 29mm focal length and is an focus stacked image. Focus stacking was necessary to get an entire image in focus due the fact that the canyon floor was less than 2 feet from the camera. In all my travels to southern Utah this is the only time I have only encountered untouched (almost untouched) canyon floor that can be used an foreground.
Thank you to all those who have paid the ultimate price so we can live in peace. #memorialday2013 image from -
Come into Honeywood winery 1350 Hines St. SE in Salem and save 20% on all my photo art this memorial day weekend!
I hope you all enjoy these glimpses of a Civil War re-enactment here in Oregon back in June.
Having fun with the rich sunset color. A lot of haze a couple weeks ago made this possible.
The frost yesterday morning was amazing! Hope you enjoy this picture.
testing out my new flash, this subject kept smiling all evening and didn't complain even once!
Been watching toy story 3 again?
Really liked the way the light was streaming across the clouds! Just north of Pacific City, OR
"Many of life's failures are people who did not realize how close they were to success when they gave up." --Thomas Edison
Cool ideas in this blog
ahhh the places we have been
Thanks Anthony, it is in a park in bend on the banks of the deschutes.
Playing with some new filters, and blend modes etc, what do you all think?
Just use Google's Two-Factor Authentication please I'd be the first one to get in the line for I don't want to deal with the extra steps needed for Two-Factor Authentication . I'm lazy, I know it. But, I was also sufficiently freaked out by the much-publicized hijacking of Mat Honan's digital life. His laziness and lackadaisicalness, coupled with the ineptitude of Amazon and Apple, caused him some great strife and grief and really hit home for me. It gripped me enough to immediately rethink everything about how my accounts are secured. I immediately researched and activated Google's amazing Two-Factor Authentication for my both my Google and + LastPass accounts, as well as for my blog's Wordpress back end. + Lifehacker did a wonderful job disspelling the myths behind using the Two-Factor Authentication and embedded the crystal clear video that Google put together on how to activate it. And while you're at it, be sure to add backup phone numbers, print a list of verification codes to keep with you, and check out the Authenicator App (thanks, Eric Bier). Do me a favor and give it a serious gander. And when you're done, just turn the freaking thing on. And while you're in the reading mood - be sure to go through the great write-up that Wired published:
looking up at trees with the cloud formations behind is always fascinating to me.
The booth is setup come to the Dallas park and check it out!
Hope to see you all at the Art in the Park at Dallas, OR city park, I will have a lot of great stuff to look at and buy! 8-4 Sunday main Dallas city park, great car show going on too, come check out both!
Mark your calendars for this next Sunday the 29th and come over to the Dallas, OR city park for the annual Art in the Park. I will have a booth there with lots of beautiful prints for sale! There's a good car show going on as well so you can check out both.
Have fun, would have been cool if you guys could have made it.
Been playing with new google+ update on my xoom, i like it a lot. Thoughts?
A recipe card layout + Melissa Butler and I just did for www.butlerfoods.com #foodphotography #recipes
