Sony disrupts the market with their new Full Frame Mirrorless Cameras!
Want to see what smart LED lights can do? More than you think!! I give you… ilumi -
My new favorite app? Aviate - an intelligent homescreen. What does that mean exactly? Check out the video for my review!
Did you know that 1 in 4 teens today are in abusive relationships? Many don't report it to anyone for fear of shame or negative repercussions. This growing and disturbing epidemic needs to end. Let's do it starting today! In honor of Domestic Violence Awareness Month, Verizon Wireless is partnering with TV Host/News Personality and the blogger behind Mommy Loves Tech, Maria Quiban, to host a YouTube Live Event next week—you’re invited to join the conversation and the fight against domestic violence. Join the conversation & chat with Maria, representatives from Laura’s House (a local domestic violence agency), and celebrity guests such as Recording artists Ryan Beatty, A.J. Rafael, YouTube star Kayli Butler and former Miss America Carolyn Sapp and more. During the chat, participants will also have an opportunity to win free Verizon devices and learn how to donate no-longer-used devices to victims and survivors in their local communities. Please invite others and leave your questions and comments for us to address as part of the show. The live show will be visible to your left... You'll see the PLAY arrow on the Day of the show. Included below is a link with more information about the Hangout as well as a video produced by Verizon, MommyLovesTech and Laura’s House on domestic violence in SoCal. #VZWHope #Hopeline #SpeakUp
LOL + Paris Mosley Certainly not getting paid! There are a lot of people who do like Windows 8. They're not the most vocal, so it seems like that's not the case sometimes, but we exist.
Okay, okay! I give up! Just got home and I'm putting on Season 1 of Doctor Who while cooking dinner. Yes… for the Very. First. Time. Impressive how I manage to both LOSE geek cred and GAIN geek cred in the same post, huh? ;)
Cali Lewis and John P. will be in London giving the Keynote speech at the Future of Web Apps (FOWA) conference ( ), and we want to meet all of you from across the pond! Join us for a fun get together to meet fellow geeks from Geek Beat and from FOWA, hang out and chat. Date: Friday 25th October Time: 6pm - 8pm Area: Conservatory which is a quieter part of the pub, away from the main bar area. Tube: Closest tube stop is Moorgate Station (1 minute walk) Please RSVP ONLY if you'll be able to come so we can give the venue an accurate count. Food and drinks will be at your own cost. Rack and Tenter 45 Moorefields, Tenter House Tenter Square, Moorgate EC2Y 9AE Social Media:@rackandtenter/ facebook.com/rackandtenter
Want to interact with a holodeck and experience augmented reality better than ever? The possibility is coming with castAR…
New technology! In a… knife?!? Yep! + John Pozadzides puts the VMatter knife to the test! Here's their Indiegogo page (39 hours left!!) -
A two-for-one review, and BOTH products got the Geek Beat Editor's Choice Award! A waterproof, outdoor screen from Elite Screens ( ) and the Samson Portable PA Speakers ( ). Love 'em!
This is pretty awesome! Square Cash allows you to immediately send money to someone with just an email. For free. Full instructions:
Haha, this triggered a call from my bank account saying I have unusual activity.
I can't LIVE without my wireless chargers!! I've been using some solutions from Promote and Tylt. Check it out! And yes, + Cali Lewis is jealous of me because her phone isn't Qi enabled, hehe!
If you need a little encouragement to get some exercise, download this app, Zombies Run 2 - The Zombie Apocalypse has begun, and you're in the middle of it!
Apple hired one of the UK's highest paid CEOs, Angela Ahrendts, to take over their retail and online stores. What kind of changes do you think we'll be seeing?
Sony disrupts the market with their new Full Frame Mirrorless Cameras!
Today in 1878 the Edison Electric Light Company was officially formed by Thomas Edison and investors. Later it merged into General Electric.
AT&T, T-Mobile and US Cellular are making some changes!
Wow, the HTC One Max is massive! Not only is it big, it's out to get the new iPhone with its fingerprint scanner that ALSO allows you to setup pre-determined apps to launch when you hold your finger on it. All the details here -
+ Kimmo Jaskari "you need to rent a flatbed trolley to haul it around." LOL! Brilliant. + Jason Ansaldo It's not perfect yet for sure, but keep in mind that the technology has come a lot further in capability than it was when we saw the "fad" before...
So… why exactly would you WANT a curved phone display?!? That and more on today's + Geek Beat !
*Movie in the Park! * We're giving the Elite Screens Yard Master 120" screen and Samson Expedition Express bluetooth PA speakers a real world test at a meetup in Dallas outdoors at a park. They are both absolutely amazing! Well worth much more money than they cost! We shot a full review and we'll be putting it out soon. Keep an eye out for it!
Almost setup for our movie in the park! We found cover so rain doesn't even matter!
Join +Cali Lewis +John Pozadzides and the +Geek Beat crew for an evening in the park for a pot-luck dinner and a movie! We're going to be giving the Elite Screens Yard Master Series portable projection screen a test, paired up with the amazing, new Samson Expedition Express wireless bluetooth speakers. Since we need to do it outdoors, we figured... why not make a party out of it!? So come join us on Saturday evening around 6:00 PM at Les Lacs Park in Addison, just around the corner from the Livid Lobster studio! The park is located at 3901 Beltway Dr, Addison, TX 75001. We'll bring the entertainment, some folding chairs and tables. You bring something pot-lucky to share and a big smile! Have a particular movie request? Chime in by leaving a comment below! UPDATE: If there's bad weather, we'll move the party to Livid Lobster HQ at 4002 Belt Line Road, Suite 110, Addison, TX - Just head there instead!
+ Jon Avalon Whatever you feel like. I have some antipasto skewers and buffalo chicken egg rolls, so something different I guess.
This is how the #zombie apocalypse starts. Bodies that won't rot = just waiting for their opportunity.
Want to know exactly what's in your food? This device could tell you, and we're talking about it next on Live -
Would a shooting on your subway train get your attention off your phone? It didn't with these people! Next on Live -
We're live! Come join us for a look at the week's tech news!
Give your iPhone 5 or 5S a home in this attractive wrap-around case. #iphonecase
Hitting every. Single. Red light. This can't be a good sign for the day, can it?
Pacman was first released today in 1980. #ThisDayInHistory Were you addicted like the rest of the world?
Everything you need to know about an amazing desktop Windows machine - the + HP Z1. #computers #HP #workstation
GIRL POWER Hey G+niuses! I'm happy to announce that tomorrow I'll be hosting a special Hangout for the + United Nations 's Day Of The Girl Child! I've pulled together an amazing group of organizations and real global girls! We've got representatives from + The School Fund and some young female students from Tanzania who will tell us how the opportunity to get educated has impacted their lives and inspired their dreams! Wow! We'll also have a representative from + She's the First another great program that gets girls into schools worldwide! We'll also be joined by a classroom of girls from my mama + Wendy Musk 's school! They've been raising money to send girls their age to school through The School Fund too so this will be too cool We'll share stories, learn all about how educating girls rocks the world aaaand you knowz I'm gonna sing ;) Here's the event page: https://plus.google.com/events/ccsoo6br0k4g1s1tdvgms4gvvis Hooray for #DayOfTheGirl !! Your G+rl, Daria Ps. If you need any extra inspiration to get into this cause just watch the extraordinary Malala on + The Daily Show from earlier this week. Wow. -- >
Good news for travelers - T-Mobile is launching free worldwide data roaming! #tmobile #travel #roaming
A countdown to your own death on your wrist? This is the watch for the job! #watches #death
How you can turn your iPad into a full-fledged video rig with the iOgrapher. #ipad #video
Join +Cali Lewis +John Pozadzides and the +Geek Beat crew for an evening in the park for a pot-luck dinner and a movie! We're going to be giving the Elite Screens Yard Master Series portable projection screen a test, paired up with the amazing, new Samson Expedition Express wireless bluetooth speakers. Since we need to do it outdoors, we figured... why not make a party out of it!? So come join us on Saturday evening around 6:00 PM at Les Lacs Park in Addison, just around the corner from the Livid Lobster studio! The park is located at 3901 Beltway Dr, Addison, TX 75001. We'll bring the entertainment, some folding chairs and tables. You bring something pot-lucky to share and a big smile! Have a particular movie request? Chime in by leaving a comment below! UPDATE: If there's bad weather, we'll move the party to Livid Lobster HQ at 4002 Belt Line Road, Suite 110, Addison, TX - Just head there instead!
My body has decided over the last week that I shouldn’t sleep past 2 AM. No matter what time I go to bed. Rise and shine!
+ Phil K + Michael Tucker True! That's what I love about early mornings. I would just prefer my early morning to start a little later. LOL
Really looking forward to some awesome tech conversations at #FOWA in London later this month, then at #UDE in Boston in November! #developers
The people who brought you the Nest thermostat would like you to meet a less annoying smoke detector. #nest #smokedetector
