Thanks + Frederick Van Johnson ! Like all of my reviews, it was a labour of love, and some frustration too! Did you think I was fair about the downsides? On another note, I'm always happy to have a chat on TWIP if the time zones work out!
Sony Alpha A7 video demo! At the Sony press event I took time out to film a video demo of the new Alpha A7 and A7r full-frame mirrorless cameras which explains the new features, shows how their size compares to Micro Four Thirds and also discusses the death of the NEX brand! Give me 15 minutes and I'll tell you everything you need to know, or at least most of the good stuff! + Sony My hands-on preview article with further details is linked below:
Brighton Pier long exposure - a first attempt! Here's a quickie from this evening. I was down at Brighton Pier briefly, taking some more test movies with the Canon S120 for my upcoming review (delayed by this week's launches!), and it occurred to me I should also try a long exposure after being inspired by the Dorset trip the other weekend. So it was onto the tripod with my Olympus OMD EM5, fitted with my Leica 25mm f1.4 and a Lee Big Stopper via their Seven5 mounting system. I literally only had a few minutes spare this evening, so utilized the unique Live Time facility on the Olympus to watch as the image built-up in real-time during the exposure. Unfortunately my starting point on f4 for sharpness and 200 ISO for low noise was just not enough to record much in less than five minutes under these conditions with ten stops of ND in front of them. So I aborted the exposure, whacked the ISO to 800, opened the aperture by a stop and kept the shutter open for about 3 and a half minutes. As recommended by a Lee expert, I had the White Balance set to 10,000K to compensate for the blue cast of the Big Stopper. Here's the result, and I reckon there's some potential for getting some nice results with a bit of practice and some more favourable skies! Wish me luck going forward in my new long exposure filter-driven hobby! PS - here's a link to my review of the 25mm f1.4 lens, a really nice standard option for Micro Four Thirds owners.
I'll say right now that it's a very noisy image. But to be fair, it's 300 seconds at 800 ISO with NO NOISE REDUCTION. I literally didn't have time to take a dark frame tonight, so this is very much a version 0.1 I thought it might be fun to share!
Hi + Trey Ratcliff thanks for the nice mention in your article! I thought you'd like the new cameras. I attended a briefing with Sony a couple of days ago and go some great information from the top guys from Japan which I'll be using to update my preview at cameralabs soon. I've also filmed and posted a video demo of the camera which could be useful as an intro to the headline features and some of the decisions behind them. I have to say I did think of you when I heard about the lens selection - not one but two general purpose zooms at launch, but no ultra wide. No macro either or classic portrait. I was also concerned that since the 28-70 is only available in a kit and the 55, 24-70 and 70-200 could all slip into 2014 that the only native lens A7r owners may have for the rest of 2013 is the 35mm f2.8 - well at least it's a useful focal length. But it could be at least a year before a native ultra wide comes along. You can still use E-mount lenses, but in a crop mode, but still if you have the 36 Mpixel A7r, then the end result won't be far off what you currently get with the NEX 6 and 7. To me though it's all about how good the lenses will be. I've no doubt the bodies will be great, but if the native lenses aren't sharp across the frame then I'll be happy sticking with my M4/3 kit!
+ Trey Ratcliff + Jason Law I will of course be looking into adapters for a future update to my preview and I'll keep you posted! I'll also try them out with Nikon and Canon lenses if possible.
Sony Alpha A7 video demo! At the Sony press event I took time out to film a video demo of the new Alpha A7 and A7r full-frame mirrorless cameras which explains the new features, shows how their size compares to Micro Four Thirds and also discusses the death of the NEX brand! Give me 15 minutes and I'll tell you everything you need to know, or at least most of the good stuff! + Sony My hands-on preview article with further details is linked below:
+ Ernest W no, it's only the NEX name that's stopping, not the product! They will still make APSC mirrorless cameras and E-mount lenses, but they won't be called NEX anymore.
+ Thomas Hawk you may enjoy my video demo of the new Sony cameras!
+ Dalibor Mrkic I was trying to have a bit more fun with my presentation as I think in the past I've been a bit dry... hope I still got across some useful information though!
Cheers + Thomas Hawk , and thanks for sharing!
+ Ernest W you've hit the nail on the head there - the brilliant thing about M4/3 isn't just the broad lens catalogue, but two quite different companies making bodies for them...
+ Pascal Spörri sure thing, I'll definitely make those comparisons when I flesh out the preview further...
Thanks + Kevin Curry and + Richard Foreman and + Dennis Morassut ! PS - + Claudio Cicali I'm still quite happy with my M4/3 setup too, but I can't wait to compare them all very thoroughly...
Sure thing + Jeremy Huppatz I'm looking forward to seeing how different non-native lenses work on these new bodies...
Shall I do some long exposures with it for you + Anthony Owen-Jones ...?
The teeniest system camera! You just don't get an impression of the tiny size of Panasonic's new Lumix GM1 from the photos, so here's one of yours truly, posing with it! It really is very small with a profile smaller than a playing card, but equally, very cute too. Remember this isn't just a compact for enthusiasts which is roughly as pocketable as Sony's RX100 II, but also a fully-fledged system camera with interchangeable lenses - indeed as a standard Micro Four Thirds model you can fit any of the lenses in this broad catalogue and thanks to the same sensor and image processor of the GX7, enjoy superb image quality too. The headlines this week may be all about full-frame mirrorless, but I was quite smitten with this little fellow and could see it not just being an alternative to models like the RX100 II, but also a backup body for existing M4/3 owners. You can read my hands-on report at:
+ Alistair Ford the controls felt like using something like a Lumix LF1 or LX7, so small but perfectly usable!
They fired an enlarging ray at us before hand + Jason Law ...
Panasonic Lumix GM1 preview! Cor, three camera launches in a period of just 24 hours! The third - and final - launch for this week is Panasonic's Lumix GM1, the smallest Micro Four Thirds mirrorless system camera to date. Indeed it's roughly similar in size to a Sony RX100II or Canon S120. Impressively Panasonic has cut down the dimensions but not the feature set which reads almost like the Lumix GX7 complete with the same sensor and image processor (for the same quality), autofocus down to -4EV, focus peaking, timelapse and stop motion modes, manual movie exposures, Wifi and optional silent operation. Check out my hands-on preview to find out more! + Panasonic USA
+ Chris Summers I just want to finish my Canon S120 review, but they keep having new launches!
+ Ananda Sim I wouldn't expect miracles from the 12-32mm, it's all about size. But of course we could pop on a small pancake prime and it'd be a lovely walkaround solution.
Nikon D5300 preview! Nikon has launched its latest mid-range DSLR, the D5300. Coming one year after its predecessor, the new D5300 dispenses with the optical low pass filter, enlarges the screen, adds 1080 / 60p video and becomes the first Nikon DSLR with built-in Wifi and GPS! Hurrah! Find out more in my preview below and check back soon for updates as I hope to be playing with one later...
Cheers + David Moyers I'll cash that in in-between two briefings today!
Full frame smile I had a lot of fun playing with the new Sony cameras today, the full-frame A7 and A7r, and also the RX10 which is looking really good. I'm now home and digesting all the information I gathered so that I can update my previews - I've got loads of good material for you! In the meantime, the basic details are in my previews at Cameralabs. Here's the link to the A7 preview: + Sony
Ha ha + Allen Corlett , that's what + Steve Ghayouri asked elsewhere! And as I said to him "I've been asking myself this all day! But much of that is pure sensor greed. Do I need 24 or 36MP? Do I yearn for lower noise at high ISOs? The answer is no. What I yearn for is very well corrected lenses at my favourite focal lengths in a system with great stabilisation and compact dimensions - and I think I already have that with M4/3 - but I will of course be comparing them closely!"
+ Mathieu Gasquet it was a first-look preview event, so I only had them for a couple of hours, but I did film a preview I'm editing now, and I will be getting a much longer look at them soon...!
+ Diego Carranza I'd definitely hold back on an A99 purchase until you get a chance to compare them.
+ Dalibor Mrkic no there weren't any E-mount lenses around for me to try that - but I will!
+ Dalibor Mrkic I think some of the better E-mount lenses may deliver a larger usable circle than APSC, so finger's crossed!
One of these cameras has a sensor four times bigger than the other I've been playing with the new Sony Alpha A7 and A7r today and thought it would be fun to take a photo of it next to the Olympus OMD EM5 with a roughly similar lens. So on the left you have a full-frame camera with a 35mm f2.8 lens and on the right you have a M4/3 camera with a 17mm f1.8 lens, equivalent to 34mm in coverage and f3.6 in depth of field. So even though the combo on the left is 'only' f2.8, the depth of field is actually shallower, if that's the sort of thing which turns you on. But in terms of exposure the combo on the right when wide open will allow you to use lower ISOs or faster shutter speeds under the same conditions. BUT the combo on the left has a sensor four times bigger, so its higher ISO should be much cleaner. But the combo on the right doesn't need to work so hard to deliver a sharp image into the corners. But the one on the left has over twice the total Megapixels! Phew, there's loads to weigh up, but there's no denying the new Alpha A7 and A7r are impressively compact. I just hope the lenses deliver the goods in practice. I'll be updating my preview with first impressions soon, but in the meantime the core details are ready for you at: cc + Sony
Sorry, to clarify, full frame sensors have approximately four times the surface area of M4/3. It's like you get four M4/3 sensors and stick them together in a two by two pattern. For the record, M4/3 sensors measure 17.3 x 13.0 mm, while full-frame measures 36x24mm.
+ Andreas Yankopolus I can't wait to compare the performance of the A7 / A7r with its lenses compared to M4/3 - it'll be interesting to see if the FF system manages to be as sharp in the corners...
+ Steve Ghayouri I've been asking myself this all day! But much of that is pure sensor greed. Do I need 24 or 36MP? Do I yearn for lower noise at high ISOs? The answer is no. What I yearn for is very well corrected lenses at my favourite focal lengths in a system with great stabilisation and compact dimensions - and I think I already have that with M4/3 - but I will of course be comparing them closely!
+ Erkki Juurus I also wonder how well the lenses can perform in that environment. Time will tell.
Sony RX10 preview! Big zoom, big sensor! Today Sony launched three new cameras. Alongside the two full-frame mirrorless models is the Cyber-shot RX10, a high-performance zoom camera. While most of the news will concentrate on the Alpha A7 and A7r mirrorless, for me the Cyber-shot RX10 is equally exciting, taking the concept of large zoom cameras to a very high level. From the outside, the RX10 looks not unlike any other DSLR-styled super-zoom camera, so when you learn it only has an 8.3x zoom equivalent to 24-200mm, you may understandably be disappointed. Afterall, its rivals are already offering 50x and even 60x ranges. But the RX10's lens sports a constant f2.8 aperture throughout the range. Ah, I hear you say, so does the Lumix FZ200 and it still manages to offer a 24x zoom. But the literally big difference here is the sensor in the RX10 - it's the same 1in 20 Megapixel sensor in the RX100 which makes it over four times larger than those in the FZ200 and other super-zooms. On top of that, Sony's made the RX10 weather-sealed, equipped it with an OLED viewfinder, tilting screen, microphone input and much more! Find out all the specs in my Sony Cyber-shot RX10 preview which may be short right now but will be growing very soon as I'm off to play with the camera in person later today! Check back soon for my first impressions! In the meantime I'd love to hear what you think!
I have to say that having had a play with the RX10 today, I'm really impressed. It also has a large OLED EVF that's the same apparent size as the NEX6 / NEX7 (albeit slightly lower SVGA res), and also an aperture ring that can be switched to stepless for video. Infact it looks like a killer video product...
+ Erkki Juurus I don't know about an ND filter, but it does have focus peaking, I think it has zebra patterns, it definitely has a 3.5mm mic input and a headphone jack. So it's looking pretty good!
Sony Alpha A7r preview! Full-frame mirrorless! Today Sony unveiled not one, but two full-frame mirrorless cameras, the Alpha A7 and A7r. Billed as the World's smallest and lightest full-frame mirrorless cameras, they're externally identical with weather-proof bodies, OLED viewfinders and tilting screens. The only difference between them are their sensors with the A7 sporting a 24 Megapixel chip with embedded phase detect AF and the A7r boasting a 36 Megapixel version without the low pass filter, but contrast-only AF. I've rounded-up the rest of the specifications on the bodies and the five new full-frame E-mount lenses in my Sony Alpha A7r preview at the link below, but for now note the A7 and A7r should be available in December at body-only prices of $1700 and $2300 respectively. My preview is currently quite short, but it'll be growing very soon as later today I'll have a chance to play with the new cameras so I'll be adding my first impressions then! In the meantime, do the A7 and A7r represent the holy grail of mirrorless cameras? Are they the models you've been waiting for to finally make the switch from DSLR to mirrorless? Or are they a niche product which won't impact the sales of models with smaller sensors? I'd love to hear what you think!
+ Ingo Meckmann I'll check out the sound of the shutter later today and report back! + Jan Ohlhoff yes, only the A7r has the low pass filter removed. BUT only the A7 has the embedded PDAF points...
Sony Alpha A7 preview! Full frame mirrorless! In what's arguably one of the most highly anticipated camera launches of the year, Sony has finally unveiled not one, but two full-frame mirrorless cameras, the Alpha A7 and A7r. Billed as the World's smallest and lightest full-frame mirrorless cameras, they're externally identical with weather-proof bodies, OLED viewfinders and tilting screens. The only difference between them are their sensors with the A7 sporting a 24 Megapixel chip with embedded phase detect AF and the A7r boasting a 36 Megapixel version without the low pass filter, but contrast-only AF. I've rounded-up the rest of the specifications on the bodies and the five new full-frame E-mount lenses in my Sony Alpha A7 preview at the link below, but for now note the A7 and A7r should be available in December at body-only prices of $1700 and $2300 respectively, and the A7 will alternatively be available in a kit with the 28-70mm f3.5-5.6 for around $2000. My preview is currently quite short, but it'll be growing very soon as later today I'll have a chance to play with the new cameras so I'll be adding my first impressions then! In the meantime, do the A7 and A7r represent the holy grail of mirrorless cameras? Are they the models you've been waiting for to finally make the switch from DSLR to mirrorless? Or are they a niche product which won't impact the sales of models with smaller sensors? I'd love to hear what you think!
The Tea Clipper This is the underside of The Cutty Sark in Greenwich, London. It's a handheld shot taken with the Olympus OMD EM5 fitted with the Lumix 7-14mm lens, set to 7mm for a 14mm equivalent field of view. The Cutty Sark was a tea clipper, a sailing boat designed to transport tea between China and Great Britain as quickly as possible. Built in 1869, she was one of the last clippers as wind power was replaced by steam, but this also made her one of the most technologically advanced and fastest sailing boats around. Indeed the tea trade had become a sporting event with considerable prestige for anyone who beat the fastest time for key journeys. The Cutty Sark was commissioned by shipping boss John Willis to do just that, and under certain conditions she managed to out-pace the previous fastest boat The Thermopylae. But as the Suez Canal was opened and steam really took over, the days of shipping tea by sail was over. The Cutty Sark quickly found herself hauling wool from Australia, and in one journey set the record from London to Sydney in 73 days. Indeed for ten years The Cutty Sark was the fastest ship for the wool trade, but again before long steam ships took over these routes too. The Cutty Sark was sold to a Portuguese company and renamed The Ferreira, and by the 1920s she was the last clipper operating commercially anywhere in the World. Over the next three decades, the ship traded hands and went through various restoration processes before settling in dry dock in Greenwich as a museum piece in 1954. But during further renovation in May 2007, a fire broke out, although luckily about half the materials of the ship were already dismantled and safely off-site. In April 2012 The Cutty Sark was re-opened to visitors. One of the most dramatic aspects of the most recent restoration was to raise the ship by several meters from the ground and suspend it from the sides, allowing visitors to walk underneath it. Meanwhile, the underground gallery would be sealed from the elements with a steel and glass skirt connecting about halfway up the hull, leaving the upper half of the ship open to the elements. While considered a controversial design by many at the time, I think it's really successful. I visited The Cutty Sark prior to the fire and after re-opening and the new experience is much better in my view. It's still great to explore the upper deck in the open air and peek into the various cabins, and check out the surprisingly large storage capacity below, but now being able to actually get underneath the boat definitely adds an extra dimension. It also presents a really nice photo opportunity from one end, particularly if you have an ultra wide lens. Standing underneath the hull at one end you can capture the entire length of the ship and the glass roof around it, holding it in place. The criss-cross pattern of the steel and glass roof is reminiscent of The British Museum. As mentioned earlier, I took this with the Olympus OMD EM5 fitted with the Lumix 7-14mm lens, set to 7mm for a 14mm equivalent field of view. For this kind of shot, symmetry and square geometry is critical, which means positioning yourself exactly underneath the centre of the boat and using viewfinder or screen guides to carefully line-up the shot. The fine-tuning necessary is best done with a tripod, but I didn’t have mine with me at the time - and I'm not even sure they're allowed down here. So I just had to keep an eye on all sides of the frame and try to ensure everything was square. Shooting handheld in low light meant I had to boost the sensitivity a little to avoid camera shake, although at least the OMD EM5 counteracts this with its built-in stabilisation. The final exposure was 0.3 seconds at f4 and 400 ISO. On the downside though, pixel peepers may notice some purple flare blobs - one of the unfortunate side-effects of shooting into bright lights with this lens and body combination, but it still remains one of my favourite pieces of kit. Post processing? None at all, this is a JPEG straight out of the camera! PS - want more information about this lens? Check out my Panasonic 7-14mm review at the link below!
+ Dalibor Mrkic as it happens I do have a version of this with the fisheye! I preferred the ultra wide one here, but I'll post it later for comparison...
Panasonic Lumix GX7 review - complete! After over a month of testing, writing and shooting across multiple locations in the UK, I've finally completed my review of Panasonic's new high-end mirrorless system camera! The Lumix GX7 is aimed squarely at enthusiasts with features including a tilting viewfinder, tilting touchscreen, built-in stabilisation, Wifi with excellent smartphone remote control, 1/8000 shutter, focus peaking, tone curves and much more. This all easily makes it one of the most powerful system cameras to date, DSLR or mirrorless, but how well does it all work in practice? As you'll discover in my review, there's a lot to like about the GX7, but equally a number of aspects which could prove frustrating to certain photographers, and maybe even rule it out for some of them. I've also compared it thoroughly with the earlier GX1 and G6, along with Sony's NEX-6 and what will probably be its two biggest rivals, the Olympus OMD EM5 and EM1. At around 20,000 words in length, I reckon this is one of the most detailed reviews you'll read of the GX7, so if you're interested in it or any of its rivals, please check it out! And as always if you like my work, don't forget to plus-one it! Thanks! cc + Panasonic USA , + Giulio Sciorio , + Dave Veffer
PS + Doug Kaye and + Frederick Van Johnson you may enjoy this review.
+ robert hayles your point about the 100% coverage applies to all electronic viewfinders. All of them offer it. So it's an advantage over some DSLRs, but not any live view systems. As for the handling, I've been using an EM5 for a year and personally prefer the handling in its naked form without the extra grip. It's all down to personal preference whether you want the extra grip or not. My handling score however refers to things like the controls, customisation, shutter response, continuous shooting, buffer flushing etc. But as you'll see clearly stated at the end of the reviews, the scores are only relative to cameras of the same year. My OMD EM5 scores are for a camera reviewed over a year ago, whereas the GX7 is relative to this year's models. So their scores for quality, handling, value and everything else are not comparable, sorry! If the scores didn't effectively reset every year there'd be no way to score anything as all models improve in some respect. Hope that all makes sense.
Thanks + Giulio Sciorio ! I just wish the viewfinder tech and shape were different! How effective did you find the stabilisation in practice? I just couldn't get mine to do much with any lens...
I know what you mean about the thumb access + Carl Roach , I think the GX7 may be designed more for the larger handed photographer! It wasn't a problem for me though.
Thanks + Mark Hales , you're very welcome! All my reviews end up being labours of love!
Is this the best multi-function colour laser? As a product tester and tech journalist, I'm normally the one who's suggesting the best things to buy! But today I'm after your advice. I'm in the market for a colour laser printer - not for photos, but for text and graphics - which also preferably has copy and scan capabilities (I can give or take fax), and also networking both wired and wireless, preferably also with Airprint support for Apple's iOS devices. Phew! Is that a tall order or quite possible? I've found a few which fit the bill, with the HP LaserJet Pro 200 color MFP M276nw looking like the most likely candidate right now. It doesn't need to be quick and while duplexing would be nice, it's not necessary. So do any of you own one, or a different model you can recommend - or equally steer me away from? I'm not after an inkjet as they give me nothing but trouble! #HP
Thanks for everyone's tips! + Guy Swarbrick I'd prefer a laser as I've wasted so much money on inkjets in the past. I find inkjets are great if you use them often, and they can make lovely photo prints too, but if you don't use them for a few weeks they can dry up and you end up squirting half your ink away in the cleaning process. Whereas my old mono laser was always ready for action even if it hand't been used for 6 months. So basically it's a replacement for my mono laser I'm after, so I thought I'd go for colour and also scanning / copying capabilities if possible. I also need to connect iOS devices, so that's a factor too.
Does anyone have any experience with Samsung lasers? They seem to have the right feature-set but I'm not sure about the quality...
+ Guy Swarbrick yes it was an Epson inkjet! Lovely quality, but impossible for occasional use. So what's the longest gap you've managed between prints with your inkjet without needing 'cleaning'?
Ah but inkjet printer hardware has always been cheap, it's the ink which gets you! + Guy Swarbrick how much are the cartridges for yours and how many prints you you normally get? (cor, this is beginning to sound like a PCW group test!)
Thanks Guy, although I should say in over ten years I only used 1.5 toner carts on my laser. That said I didn't have kids then.
This is where it all began You're looking at my first 'proper' camera, a Praktica MTL3. I inherited this from my father in 1984 after several years of mucking about with various 110 and disc cameras. But this was serious, a 35mm film SLR with complete manual control. In fact everything was manual: the focus, the exposure, the film wind-on. But I loved it. The seeds were sown for my future in photography and camera testing when I was just in my mid-teens. I really went for it too - instead of documenting family outings, I pointing my camera into the sky at night, transfixed by subsequent star trails. Likewise for fireworks, bonfires, satellites, anything which went overhead in the dark. I then experimented further by using flashlights to freeze action, again taking place in pitch darkness, from exploding water-filled balloons to me jumping in the air and appearing on the photo several times. Believe me when I say my cable release was my best friend! I also persuaded my Mum to let me convert one of our bathrooms into a darkroom, which is a process that doesn't reverse very well, let me tell you. After this came two Pentax SLRs, an MX and the popular ME Super. After that two Nikon SLRs, followed by a couple of Canon SLRs including the EOS 5 in the early Nineties, I think the first camera with three AF points! Later I went medium-format and digital simultaneously, but not with the same camera of course! I used single-digit Megapixel Sony Cyber-shots alongside a Mamiya 7II which took massive 6x7cm franes. After that came a series of DSLRs and the rest, as they say is history. During that time I was a technical journalist at a computer magazine, specializing in imaging devices and cameras from the early Nineties onwards. Then in 2005, after freelancing for various camera magazines, I launched Cameralabs, which became my full time job a couple of years later. If you're interested in camera and equipment reviews, please check it out at the link below - and don't forget to plus-one it if you like my work! So where did it start for you? What was your first camera?
I'm loving all these comments and stories about all your first cameras! It's also great to hear from so many people who also started with Praktica MTLs! Keep them coming!
Tasty Indian Street food! (In Brighton, UK) This is a Mumbai Beach Chaat, a delicious traditional Indian street food snack, from the fabulous Ahimsa food stand at Streetdiner in Brighton every Friday lunchtime. They normally serve a portion that would do you for lunch, but today started doing a smaller cone-sized sampler that's great if you fancy giving it a try, or even trying one of each of their Chaats! This one contains chickpeas, crunchy sev, tamarind, pomegranate & more! Food photography is an art to itself and I don't pretend to be any good at it, but I quite like the way this one turned out. Taken handheld on the stand with an Olympus OMD EM5 and Olympus 45mm f1.8 at f1.8. This is an out of camera JPEG. PS - my review of this lens (a must for every M4/3 owner) is at:
Canon SX510 HS review Hi everyone, I'm pleased to publish another one of the first reviews you'll find of a brand new Canon camera! This time it's the turn of the PowerShot SX510 HS, a relatively compact and low-cost 30x super-zoom camera. It's the successor to the SX500 IS which proved to be one of Canon's best sellers last year, and improves on the photo and video quality along with adding Wifi. Find out how it performs and crucially how it compares in features and quality against one of its biggest rivals from Nikon in our Canon PowerShot SX510 HS review!
Brighton Beach time-lapse with Canon S120 You wouldn't have known it was October in Brighton today! Here's a short timelapse with the miniature effect I filmed as part of my on-going Canon S120 review. Lovely weather! You can find seven sample movies and a bunch of sample images at the link below and check back soon for some comparative results!
It's shaping up nicely + Dave Oplinger !
I NEED YOUR HELP ... with a photography related survey for my master thesis. You can win a prize!! https://qtrial.qualtrics.com/SE/?SID=SV_eX7XPOy8ABsFHUh Reasons to participate: - You can win a $120 Amazon gift card - You help me graduate (for which I'll be eternally grateful) - You will contribute to science (I think that's pretty cool anyway) I need at least 300 people to fill out my survey to graduate, so if you could share this with your photography friends, I would greatly appreciate it! Please fill out the survey and let me know you have done so, and I'll gladly comment on / +1 a number of your pictures. If you have any feedback on the survey, please don't post it in the comments, as that might influence the results of others. You can always write me a private post instead by sharing a message with me only and tagging me in it. #survey #thesis #help #helpouts #photography
Nikon D610 preview! Nikon has just announced the D610, a 'budget' full-frame DSLR, aimed at enthusiasts upgrading from mid-range models or pros looking for an affordable backup for a higher-end body. It replaces the one-year-old D600 and like that model is positioned roughly between the full-frame D800 and the crop-format D7100. Find out what's new and how it compares to the Canon EOS 6D in my Nikon D610 preview!
Visiting Chicago! (probably) Are there any Chicago-based photographers around here? I may have a brief visit to the city at the end of the month, so if it all pans-out, be great to meet up with some local photogs (especially if they also know the best places to eat!) #Chicago
The Dome from behind bars I'm always looking for something to frame a shot, or get in the way in a (hopefully) creative fashion! This photo shows one of the domes of The Royal Naval College in Greenwich, London, taken from behind a window in the opposite dome! See those square windows on the dome? I'm basically looking through one of them on the other dome, but rather than pressing up against the glass, or better still opening the window where possible, I decided to back-up a little and make the window leading a feature. When geometry is important to a composition, it always pays to stand square to the subject and line-it up using any alignment guides; I also find it handy to count the number of lines on the subject to make sure you really do have it in the middle and not just to one side. I took this with the new Canon PowerShot S120 which I'm currently reviewing, and you can download this and many other images in their original formats at the link below; I've also added some 1080/60p videos too! The S120 has a bigger sensor than most point-and-shoots, but one that's smaller than most system cameras. The sensor size has actually helped here as (coupled with a shorter focal length lens) it delivers a larger inherent depth of field. Bottom line? It was easier to keep the window bars and the distant building both in focus than it would have been with a larger format camera.
+ Anthony Owen-Jones and + Andy Bitterer I don't know why you're tagged as being with me in this photo - bizarre G+ error, sorry.
Hi everyone, thanks for a wonderful weekend - it was great to meet you all and I'm already looking forward to doing it again! I'm also hoping to catch up with lots of you around the Uk and Europe during my various travels. Many thanks to + Athena Carey , + John Dunne and + Andy Bitterer for organising it and of course to + Stuart Dyckhoff for his consistent (yet unsuccessful) attempts to run me off the road. See you all soon! PS - I'd find it reassuring to learn if + Joel Karlsson made it home...
But seriously folks, has anyone heard from him?
You don't know how relieved we all are + Joel Karlsson ! Great to meet you, and glad we didn't lose you this weekend!
+ John Dunne it was a pleasure to meet you too, and yes I'll definitely be joining you in Scotland! I was also hoping to glean some tips from you over the weekend, so I guess that means I may be paying a visit to Ireland sooner rather than later!
Scotland is definitely a yes + Athena Carey ! Not sure I'll be making it down to Africa for a while, but should you ever find yourself on the UK's southcoast and fancy a look around Brighton, give me a call!
I've untagged you + Anthony Owen-Jones and + Andy Bitterer as you're getting tagged on every photo I upload into this folder! Sorry for all the alerts!
I've just arrived at Burngate Farm and am walking to Durdle Door. Maybe see some of you there!
Whoops sorry! I'm already halfway there but if you drive I wouldn't say no to a lift back! I reckon the walk looks like about 45 mins
Yep + Gerard Charnley we're hoping to be there at about 6:45am
+ Stuart Dyckhoff and + Gerard Charnley it was lovely to meet you both too, and I hope we can do it again soon!
The College and The City - taken with Canon S120 Here's a rare view from Greenwich looking down The Thames towards the financial city of London - in the distance there's two buildings of note, the tall pointy one on the left is The Shard, Western Europe's tallest building, and sandwiched between two on the right is the curved 'Walkie Talkie' building, which I think is the one now infamous for focusing the Sun's into a death ray. Or something like that. What makes it a rare view is the position of the photo, from within one of the two Domes of The Royal Naval College. These are not open to the public and access is only rarely granted. I was lucky enough to be invited up there as part of a recent Canon event to try out the PowerShot S120, and indeed this shot was taken with that camera with the lens zoomed-into its maximum 120mm equivalent focal length. Like many views in London I like the way it includes both new and old architecture, with the River snaking between them. I'm working on my review of this camera as we speak, but in the meantime you can download this and a bunch of other PowerShot S120 sample images at: PS - Many thanks to The Old Naval College, Greenwich and The Greenwich Foundation for permission to photograph in these locations.
Thanks + Capt Masat and + Doug Kaye ! It's quite an unusual view as hardly anyone gets to go up there!
+ Robert LeBlanc I'm at the beginning of my testing period, so I can't say much right now, BUT I can tell you DIGIC 6 makes the S120 (and the G16) faster at focusing and MUCH faster for continuous AF. Both cameras can shoot sustained bursts at just shy of 10fps. As luck would have it, I will be comparing the S120 against the RX100II over the next few days, so I'll be able to comment in my final review too...
Anyone want to see a bunch of 1080/60p videos from the S120 showing its continuous AF in low light? It's all at the same link as my sample images at
The Cutty Sark and London Docklands at night This is the bow of The Cutty Sark in Greenwich, pointing towards the towers of London's Docklands in the background, the tallest of which is Canary Wharf. I took this last night using the brand new Canon PowerShot S120 which I'm testing right now. I popped it into manual, set an exposure of 13 seconds at f5 and 80 ISO, before balancing it on a ledge and triggering the shutter with the self-timer. You can download this and a bunch of other sample images in my PowerShot S120 review-in-progress at the link below! Oh, you want some more info on the S120? Sure thing! The PowerShot S120 is the latest version of Canon's pocket camera for enthusiasts. Like its predecessor, it packs a 12 Megapixel CMOS sensor and a 5x 24-120mm optical range into a genuinely pocket-sized body, but the focal ratio has brightened to f1.8-5.7. Canon's also greatly improved the speed with the S120 firing an initial burst at 12.1fps, slowing a little to 9.4fps while memory remains, and the AF is also faster. Videos can now be recorded at 1080 / 60p, there's new Astrophotography presets, focus peaking and enhanced Wifi support for sharing. I'm currently testing the camera and ahead of my Canon S120 review I can share a bunch of sample images!
Thanks everyone! Ha ha + Theo Brookes , you're right! I spent a while trying to compose this shot to avoid Nandos in the corner, but just couldn't manage it without losing a lot of the buildings behind it. I always like to post sample images untouched, but if I were making any corrections on a personal version, I'd definitely erase the sign.
Anyone want to see a bunch of 1080/60p videos from the S120 showing its continuous AF in low light? It's all at the same link as my sample images at
Canon PowerShot G16 review ! Hi everyone, I've just published what I reckon is one of the first in-depth reviews of the Canon PowerShot G16! This is the latest version of Canon's high-end compact for enthusiasts and now features quicker AF and much faster continuous shooting thanks to the new DIGIC 6 processor. It can also record 1080 / 60p video, has built-in WIFI, focus peaking, a defocus effect, a selection of HDR modes and a particularly neat Star preset which can easily capture wide field star fields, star trails or even time lapse star movies! So while the G16 may look the same as its predecessor from the outside, not to mention having the same lens and sensor, there's a lot to get excited about under the hood. The big question though is how it compares to what's arguably the leader in this market, Sony's RX100 II. No problem, we've done just that so you'll be able to see how their relative resolution, noise and RAW results compare. So what are you waiting for? Check out one of the first G16 reviews anywhere! #Canon + Canon Rumors
Hi everyone, I'll be driving from Brighton to West Lulworth on Friday, departing mid to late morning, then returning to Brighton on Monday via a different town. Happy to offer a ride from Brighton on Friday, or to car-share at various points during Saturday and Sunday. I should have two seats, maybe three.
Fujifilm X20 review! Fujifilm's X20 is a retro-styled compact camera aimed at demanding enthusiasts who want high quality images, loads of control, a bright zoom lens and an optical viewfinder. The 2/3in sensor is larger than most compacts and features the same X-Trans architecture as the X100S and X-Mount mirrorless models. The optical viewfinder is a hybrid design which can superimpose electronic information, while the 4x optical zoom boasts a bright f2-2.8 focal ratio. It's a compelling combination of features, quality and handling at a price that's more affordable than rivals with bigger sensors. Find out how it compares against the Sony RX100 II and Nikon COOLPIX A in our Fujifilm X20 review! You can also download a bunch of original sample images including this one of the sunflowers by + Ken McMahon ! + FUJIFILM UK , + FUJIFILM Australia , + FUJIFILM Europe
It's time for: Canon PowerShot SX510 HS sample images! Canon's PowerShot SX510 HS is a small and affordable super-zoom with a 30x optical range that starts at a respectably wide 24mm equivalent. It's the successor to the best-selling SX500 IS which struck a compelling balance between pocket super-zooms and larger DSLR-styled models. Canon's kept the same lens, but swapped the 16 Megapixel CCD from the old model for a higher sensitivity 12 Megapixel CMOS which can also capture Full HD 1080p video, and has also equipped the camera with Wifi for wireless image transfer and remote control. We're well underway with our tests but wanted to share a bunch of sample images for you right now, including this shot of a town hall clock at 30x by + Ken McMahon - so check out our Canon SX510 HS sample images!
Canon PowerShot G16 sample images! Ahead of our in-depth review, here's a bunch of sample images taken with Canon's brand new PowerShot G16, including the one pictured by + Ken McMahon . The G16 is the latest version of Canon's iconic flagship for enthusiasts, so for a preview of whether it's any good, have a look at the samples below and check back soon for the complete review! #Canon
Heads up! Only one more week before the long awaited +UK Seaside Photowalk 2013 kicks off with a bang. No, I don't mean thunder! We hope you all booked your flights, hotels or B&Bs, rental cars, charged your batteries and formatted your memory chips, and whatever else you'll need over the two days in Dorset. Here are the final details for the photowalk. The links below point to a few Google Docs. You may want to keep those files handy (eg. in Evernote on your smartphone). Or you just print them out. Nah. Just kidding. Schedule Sun & Moon Times Tide Tables We are very excited to see all of you, many old and new friends, on those beaches, piers, seastacks and wherever we'll crawl around. Wishing you safe travels, good light, and low noise. Athena, John + Andy
The Grand National Not really, it is of course just a Merry-go-round, in this case in Albert Dock, Liverpool, but let me tell you the horse was still going for it. I have to say I do love these old fairground rides. They look absolutely fantastic and I'm pleased their owners keep them running. I took this photo with the Panasonic Lumix GX7 and its 14-42mm HD kit lens at 14mm for a 28mm equivalent field of view. It was actually raining at the time, so I bumped-up the sensitivity to 400 ISO for a 1/200 shutter speed. As usual there's no processing, it's a JPEG straight out the camera, and if you'd like a closer look at this image you can download the original via my GX7 review-in-progress at the link below. My sample images page includes a broad selection of photos, again all downloadable in their original formats. The front page of the review also includes a load of sample movies too. As for the review itself, I'm steadily working my way through it and hope to have it finished soon!
Olympus OMD EM1 vs EM5 vs GX7 - complete results inc RAW! Hi everyone, a few days ago I teased you with some incomplete comparisons between the new Olympus OMD EM1 and the earlier EM5 along with Panasonic's latest, the Lumix GX7. Back then I promised to reshoot my noise test and I've now done just that. Even better, Adobe recently released a new version of Camera RAW which now supports both the EM1 and GX7, so I can also share RAW results from all three cameras! So what are you waiting for? Check out my comparison of these three mirrorless cameras - and be prepared to pixel-peep... PS - suffice it to say I'm also working on my final reviews of both the EM1 and GX7.
Nikon 1 AW1 underwater system camera preview! The Nikon 1 AW1 is the World's first underwater digital system camera. Based on the company's '1' mirrorless system, the AW1 can be submerged down to 15m and is also dustproof, freezeproof to -10C, and shockproof to 2m. It'll take any Nikon 1 lens, but to go underwater you'll need one of two new lenses, a 30-74mm equivalent zoom or a 27mm f2.8 equivalent prime. As a Nikon 1 camera the AW1 also enjoys fast continuous shooting with AF and the chance to capture HD video and stills simultaneously. The AW1 also includes built-in GPS, electronic compass, height and depth indicators and optional one-handed operation. I had a chance to try it out at a Nikon briefing and you can find out what I thought in my hands-on Nikon AW1 preview!
Mono Shard This afternoon I found myself with about 15 minutes to spare before my train left London Bridge. Since I'm currently testing the Panasonic Lumix GX7 and was literally underneath Europe's largest pointy tower, it would seem rude not to step outside and take some snaps. So here it is, The Shard, taken with the Lumix GX7 using its Dynamic Mono Creative filter. It's an out-of-camera JPEG and you can download the original, along with checking out many more samples - along with a timelapse of The Shard which I also squeezed-in today - in my review-in-progress, linked below.
Thanks everyone! And glad you enjoyed the timelapse too + Julie Pell ! Amazingly I also wasn't moved on by any security guards, as London is very intolerant of people using tripods near large buildings.
The Weather Shelter Yesterday I paid homage to William Eggleston, today it's the turn of Martin Parr. You're looking at one of the beautifully ornate Victorian weather shelters at New Brighton, perched in one corner of The Wirral Peninsula, just a 'ferry across the Mersey' from Liverpool. New Brighton was developed into a seaside resort in the mid-1800s, and although it's fallen, like many other UK resorts, into disrepair (albeit now seeing some redevelopment), it still houses some classic architecture of this golden period. Whenever I'm visiting family in The Wirral, I always look forward to heading down to New Brighton, especially if I'm testing a camera as there's so much to photograph. All of the seaside and lighthouse shots in my Panasonic GX7 gallery (linked below) were taken here just last week, and my photo of the kids bike near the beach posted yesterday was taken just moments before this one. When I took the photo of the bike, I had William Eggleston's famous image of a trike in mind, but I took this photo of the shelter thinking it would be the kind of thing Martin Parr would probably like. I'm a big fan of Martin Parr and his work has certainly influenced me, but I'd completely forgotten he'd previously documented New Brighton in a collection I've almost certainly seen in the past. Had he taken the same angle? I'm not sure, but the same shelters appear in many of his photos, so they must have been in my sub-conscious somewhere. So this is my homage to Parr. My feeling is Parr tries to capture the tatty and often grim side of seaside resorts, but always with respect for the subjects and the former grandeur of the surroundings. I've tried to do this here, celebrating the shelter but showing its overcast and bleak surroundings. When shooting buildings like this, face-on, I think it's critical to ensure you're absolutely square to them and that there's minimal if any distortion. I shot this a little wide at 28mm equivalent, but avoided converging lines by keeping the camera level and positioning the building near the top of the frame. Had it been lower in the frame, I'd have been looking up at it and the sides wouldn't have been straight. This may have corrected the geometry without the need for a tilt shift lens or digital stretching, but left a big gaping space in the lower half of the frame. I kinda think I could get away with it for extra bleakness, but when someone walked across the frame I decided to react straightaway. I don't normally like doing street photography as I'm too self-conscious, but this lady and her dog completed the picture for me. I like the dynamics and motion in the shot and the juxtaposition of her modern outfit with the architecture that's around 150 years older - coupled with the apparent disinterest she has for it. She's focused on walking the dog, getting from A to B, and while the route was almost certainly chosen for the coastal location, I feel the shelter sits neglected here. Well not unloved by me anyway. I'm really happy with this shot. Mundane yet strangely classy. I hope you like it too, and don't forget to document these fabulous resorts when you get the chance as they're gradually falling apart and disappearing from our lives. You can see the original image and many more in my Panasonic Lumix GX7 sample images gallery linked below. I'm working on completing my Lumix GX7 review as we speak! + UK Photography Community
+ Brian Warkentine as luck would have it, I'll be able to get hold of a G3 over the next few days, so I'll try and remember to compare it for you! But one big difference is the GX7's EF os 16:9 in shape, so if you're shooting in 4:3, you're only using just over half the panel. I personally think the G6 and Olympus EM1 look much better for shooting 4:3 stills.
+ Brian Warkentine the 16:9 shape may not be optimised for stills, but obviously it's fantastic once you start filming video! At that point it delivers the biggest image of all of them. I'll check to see if it's the same panel as the GH3.
The Tricycle of New Brighton I blame William Eggleston. Whenever I see a kid's trike, I can't help but take a wide-angle photo at a low angle in an attempt to emulate his classic image and get a response from + Thomas Hawk ! This particular example was parked at the edge of New Brighton beach near Liverpool, UK, on a windy day last week, brightening the scene and just begging for some attention while its owner was off collecting shells. I took it with the new Panasonic Lumix GX7 mirrorless camera which I'm halfway through testing. I had the Lumix G 14-42mm HD kit lens fitted and zoomed-out to 14mm for a 28mm equivalent field of view. I tilted the screen up so I could comfortably frame the shot with the camera low to the ground. Otherwise it's all automatic and the only thing of note was that I used the Low 125 ISO sensitivity here as a test. There's a temptation to always use the lowest ISO for the best quality, but it's important to know the difference between the base setting and any extra low options. The latter can actually sometimes reduce the dynamic range and therefore should only be used to achieve a slower shutter speed or brighter aperture than the lighting conditions would normally allow. So unless you're in this situation, go for the base sensitivity for the best results, which for the GX7 is 200 ISO. As you can see in this shot, some of the cloud detail has been lost in the highlights but I'm still quite fond of the composition none-the-less. This photo is one of 33 sample images I've now added to my Lumix GX7 review-in-progress, and you can download and examine any of them in their original format from the link below. I've also added seven sample movies for you on that page!
+ Mandy Jones and like that I'm off again tomorrow! One day we'll meet!
I haven't forgotten + Thomas Hawk ! But sadly models and I rarely cross paths. When we do though I'll make sure I fulfil your request!
Please help me graduate by filling out this short questionnaire on photography: https://qtrial.qualtrics.com/SE/?SID=SV_72rb27JxiPUO6z3 #leica #leicaimages #amsterdam #holland #netherlands #tourist #camera #photographer #child #street #streettogs #streetphoto #streetpics #streetphotography #shootthestreet #blackandwhitephotography #blackandwhite #bw #bwphotography #monochromeworld #monochrome #monochromephotography #lifescenes #peopleandlife #happymonday #help Today is my favorite day of the week: #monochromemonday ( + Monochrome Monday ) curated by + Hans Berendsen , + Jerry Johnson , + Steve Barge and guest-curators + Dominique Hilbert , + David Orr , and + Martin Heller .
Panasonic Lumix FZ70 / FZ72 review - 60x super-zoom! The Panasonic Lumix FZ70 / FZ72 is a super-zoom camera with 16 Megapixels and a whopping 60x optical range - the World's longest at the time of writing. This takes you from ultra wide coverage of 20mm all the way to super-telephoto 1200mm. It also features 1080i movies, a 3in screen and electronic viewfinder, and in a welcome upgrade over its predecessor, the ability to record RAW files and fit external flashes onto a hotshoe. The headline though remains that massive 60x zoom which surpasses the range of the best-selling Canon SX50 HS. Find out how these two models compare in our Panasonic Lumix FZ70 /FZ72 review! + Panasonic USA
+ Mark Spearman we've compared the image quality between the FZ70 and the SX50HS in the review for resolution at various focal lengths and also noise.
+ Ernest W no, it's only the NEX name that's stopping, not the product! They will still make APSC mirrorless cameras and E-mount lenses, but they won't be called NEX anymore.
+ Thomas Hawk you may enjoy my video demo of the new Sony cameras!
+ Dalibor Mrkic I was trying to have a bit more fun with my presentation as I think in the past I've been a bit dry... hope I still got across some useful information though!
Cheers + Thomas Hawk , and thanks for sharing!
+ Ernest W you've hit the nail on the head there - the brilliant thing about M4/3 isn't just the broad lens catalogue, but two quite different companies making bodies for them...
+ Pascal Spörri sure thing, I'll definitely make those comparisons when I flesh out the preview further...
Thanks + Kevin Curry and + Richard Foreman and + Dennis Morassut ! PS - + Claudio Cicali I'm still quite happy with my M4/3 setup too, but I can't wait to compare them all very thoroughly...
Sure thing + Jeremy Huppatz I'm looking forward to seeing how different non-native lenses work on these new bodies...
Shall I do some long exposures with it for you + Anthony Owen-Jones ...?
Looks interesting + Stefan Haworth - it's all about sharing now!
Looks interesting + Stefan Haworth - it's all about sharing now!
Sony RX10 preview! Big zoom, big sensor! Today Sony launched three new cameras. Alongside the two full-frame mirrorless models is the Cyber-shot RX10, a high-performance zoom camera. While most of the news will concentrate on the Alpha A7 and A7r mirrorless, for me the Cyber-shot RX10 is equally exciting, taking the concept of large zoom cameras to a very high level. From the outside, the RX10 looks not unlike any other DSLR-styled super-zoom camera, so when you learn it only has an 8.3x zoom equivalent to 24-200mm, you may understandably be disappointed. Afterall, its rivals are already offering 50x and even 60x ranges. But the RX10's lens sports a constant f2.8 aperture throughout the range. Ah, I hear you say, so does the Lumix FZ200 and it still manages to offer a 24x zoom. But the literally big difference here is the sensor in the RX10 - it's the same 1in 20 Megapixel sensor in the RX100 which makes it over four times larger than those in the FZ200 and other super-zooms. On top of that, Sony's made the RX10 weather-sealed, equipped it with an OLED viewfinder, tilting screen, microphone input and much more! Find out all the specs in my Sony Cyber-shot RX10 preview which may be short right now but will be growing very soon as I'm off to play with the camera in person later today! Check back soon for my first impressions! In the meantime I'd love to hear what you think!
Brighton Pier long exposure - a first attempt! Here's a quickie from this evening. I was down at Brighton Pier briefly, taking some more test movies with the Canon S120 for my upcoming review (delayed by this week's launches!), and it occurred to me I should also try a long exposure after being inspired by the Dorset trip the other weekend. So it was onto the tripod with my Olympus OMD EM5, fitted with my Leica 25mm f1.4 and a Lee Big Stopper via their Seven5 mounting system. I literally only had a few minutes spare this evening, so utilized the unique Live Time facility on the Olympus to watch as the image built-up in real-time during the exposure. Unfortunately my starting point on f4 for sharpness and 200 ISO for low noise was just not enough to record much in less than five minutes under these conditions with ten stops of ND in front of them. So I aborted the exposure, whacked the ISO to 800, opened the aperture by a stop and kept the shutter open for about 3 and a half minutes. As recommended by a Lee expert, I had the White Balance set to 10,000K to compensate for the blue cast of the Big Stopper. Here's the result, and I reckon there's some potential for getting some nice results with a bit of practice and some more favourable skies! Wish me luck going forward in my new long exposure filter-driven hobby! PS - here's a link to my review of the 25mm f1.4 lens, a really nice standard option for Micro Four Thirds owners.
I'll say right now that it's a very noisy image. But to be fair, it's 300 seconds at 800 ISO with NO NOISE REDUCTION. I literally didn't have time to take a dark frame tonight, so this is very much a version 0.1 I thought it might be fun to share!
Hi + Trey Ratcliff thanks for the nice mention in your article! I thought you'd like the new cameras. I attended a briefing with Sony a couple of days ago and go some great information from the top guys from Japan which I'll be using to update my preview at cameralabs soon. I've also filmed and posted a video demo of the camera which could be useful as an intro to the headline features and some of the decisions behind them. I have to say I did think of you when I heard about the lens selection - not one but two general purpose zooms at launch, but no ultra wide. No macro either or classic portrait. I was also concerned that since the 28-70 is only available in a kit and the 55, 24-70 and 70-200 could all slip into 2014 that the only native lens A7r owners may have for the rest of 2013 is the 35mm f2.8 - well at least it's a useful focal length. But it could be at least a year before a native ultra wide comes along. You can still use E-mount lenses, but in a crop mode, but still if you have the 36 Mpixel A7r, then the end result won't be far off what you currently get with the NEX 6 and 7. To me though it's all about how good the lenses will be. I've no doubt the bodies will be great, but if the native lenses aren't sharp across the frame then I'll be happy sticking with my M4/3 kit!
+ Trey Ratcliff + Jason Law I will of course be looking into adapters for a future update to my preview and I'll keep you posted! I'll also try them out with Nikon and Canon lenses if possible.
Sony Alpha A7 video demo! At the Sony press event I took time out to film a video demo of the new Alpha A7 and A7r full-frame mirrorless cameras which explains the new features, shows how their size compares to Micro Four Thirds and also discusses the death of the NEX brand! Give me 15 minutes and I'll tell you everything you need to know, or at least most of the good stuff! + Sony My hands-on preview article with further details is linked below:
+ Ernest W no, it's only the NEX name that's stopping, not the product! They will still make APSC mirrorless cameras and E-mount lenses, but they won't be called NEX anymore.
+ Thomas Hawk you may enjoy my video demo of the new Sony cameras!
+ Dalibor Mrkic I was trying to have a bit more fun with my presentation as I think in the past I've been a bit dry... hope I still got across some useful information though!
Cheers + Thomas Hawk , and thanks for sharing!
+ Ernest W you've hit the nail on the head there - the brilliant thing about M4/3 isn't just the broad lens catalogue, but two quite different companies making bodies for them...
+ Pascal Spörri sure thing, I'll definitely make those comparisons when I flesh out the preview further...
Thanks + Kevin Curry and + Richard Foreman and + Dennis Morassut ! PS - + Claudio Cicali I'm still quite happy with my M4/3 setup too, but I can't wait to compare them all very thoroughly...
Sure thing + Jeremy Huppatz I'm looking forward to seeing how different non-native lenses work on these new bodies...
Shall I do some long exposures with it for you + Anthony Owen-Jones ...?
The teeniest system camera! You just don't get an impression of the tiny size of Panasonic's new Lumix GM1 from the photos, so here's one of yours truly, posing with it! It really is very small with a profile smaller than a playing card, but equally, very cute too. Remember this isn't just a compact for enthusiasts which is roughly as pocketable as Sony's RX100 II, but also a fully-fledged system camera with interchangeable lenses - indeed as a standard Micro Four Thirds model you can fit any of the lenses in this broad catalogue and thanks to the same sensor and image processor of the GX7, enjoy superb image quality too. The headlines this week may be all about full-frame mirrorless, but I was quite smitten with this little fellow and could see it not just being an alternative to models like the RX100 II, but also a backup body for existing M4/3 owners. You can read my hands-on report at:
+ Alistair Ford the controls felt like using something like a Lumix LF1 or LX7, so small but perfectly usable!
They fired an enlarging ray at us before hand + Jason Law ...
Panasonic Lumix GM1 preview! Cor, three camera launches in a period of just 24 hours! The third - and final - launch for this week is Panasonic's Lumix GM1, the smallest Micro Four Thirds mirrorless system camera to date. Indeed it's roughly similar in size to a Sony RX100II or Canon S120. Impressively Panasonic has cut down the dimensions but not the feature set which reads almost like the Lumix GX7 complete with the same sensor and image processor (for the same quality), autofocus down to -4EV, focus peaking, timelapse and stop motion modes, manual movie exposures, Wifi and optional silent operation. Check out my hands-on preview to find out more! + Panasonic USA
+ Chris Summers I just want to finish my Canon S120 review, but they keep having new launches!
+ Ananda Sim I wouldn't expect miracles from the 12-32mm, it's all about size. But of course we could pop on a small pancake prime and it'd be a lovely walkaround solution.
Nikon D5300 preview! Nikon has launched its latest mid-range DSLR, the D5300. Coming one year after its predecessor, the new D5300 dispenses with the optical low pass filter, enlarges the screen, adds 1080 / 60p video and becomes the first Nikon DSLR with built-in Wifi and GPS! Hurrah! Find out more in my preview below and check back soon for updates as I hope to be playing with one later...
Cheers + David Moyers I'll cash that in in-between two briefings today!
Full frame smile I had a lot of fun playing with the new Sony cameras today, the full-frame A7 and A7r, and also the RX10 which is looking really good. I'm now home and digesting all the information I gathered so that I can update my previews - I've got loads of good material for you! In the meantime, the basic details are in my previews at Cameralabs. Here's the link to the A7 preview: + Sony
Ha ha + Allen Corlett , that's what + Steve Ghayouri asked elsewhere! And as I said to him "I've been asking myself this all day! But much of that is pure sensor greed. Do I need 24 or 36MP? Do I yearn for lower noise at high ISOs? The answer is no. What I yearn for is very well corrected lenses at my favourite focal lengths in a system with great stabilisation and compact dimensions - and I think I already have that with M4/3 - but I will of course be comparing them closely!"
+ Mathieu Gasquet it was a first-look preview event, so I only had them for a couple of hours, but I did film a preview I'm editing now, and I will be getting a much longer look at them soon...!
+ Diego Carranza I'd definitely hold back on an A99 purchase until you get a chance to compare them.
+ Dalibor Mrkic no there weren't any E-mount lenses around for me to try that - but I will!
+ Dalibor Mrkic I think some of the better E-mount lenses may deliver a larger usable circle than APSC, so finger's crossed!
One of these cameras has a sensor four times bigger than the other I've been playing with the new Sony Alpha A7 and A7r today and thought it would be fun to take a photo of it next to the Olympus OMD EM5 with a roughly similar lens. So on the left you have a full-frame camera with a 35mm f2.8 lens and on the right you have a M4/3 camera with a 17mm f1.8 lens, equivalent to 34mm in coverage and f3.6 in depth of field. So even though the combo on the left is 'only' f2.8, the depth of field is actually shallower, if that's the sort of thing which turns you on. But in terms of exposure the combo on the right when wide open will allow you to use lower ISOs or faster shutter speeds under the same conditions. BUT the combo on the left has a sensor four times bigger, so its higher ISO should be much cleaner. But the combo on the right doesn't need to work so hard to deliver a sharp image into the corners. But the one on the left has over twice the total Megapixels! Phew, there's loads to weigh up, but there's no denying the new Alpha A7 and A7r are impressively compact. I just hope the lenses deliver the goods in practice. I'll be updating my preview with first impressions soon, but in the meantime the core details are ready for you at: cc + Sony
Sorry, to clarify, full frame sensors have approximately four times the surface area of M4/3. It's like you get four M4/3 sensors and stick them together in a two by two pattern. For the record, M4/3 sensors measure 17.3 x 13.0 mm, while full-frame measures 36x24mm.
+ Andreas Yankopolus I can't wait to compare the performance of the A7 / A7r with its lenses compared to M4/3 - it'll be interesting to see if the FF system manages to be as sharp in the corners...
+ Steve Ghayouri I've been asking myself this all day! But much of that is pure sensor greed. Do I need 24 or 36MP? Do I yearn for lower noise at high ISOs? The answer is no. What I yearn for is very well corrected lenses at my favourite focal lengths in a system with great stabilisation and compact dimensions - and I think I already have that with M4/3 - but I will of course be comparing them closely!
+ Erkki Juurus I also wonder how well the lenses can perform in that environment. Time will tell.
Sony RX10 preview! Big zoom, big sensor! Today Sony launched three new cameras. Alongside the two full-frame mirrorless models is the Cyber-shot RX10, a high-performance zoom camera. While most of the news will concentrate on the Alpha A7 and A7r mirrorless, for me the Cyber-shot RX10 is equally exciting, taking the concept of large zoom cameras to a very high level. From the outside, the RX10 looks not unlike any other DSLR-styled super-zoom camera, so when you learn it only has an 8.3x zoom equivalent to 24-200mm, you may understandably be disappointed. Afterall, its rivals are already offering 50x and even 60x ranges. But the RX10's lens sports a constant f2.8 aperture throughout the range. Ah, I hear you say, so does the Lumix FZ200 and it still manages to offer a 24x zoom. But the literally big difference here is the sensor in the RX10 - it's the same 1in 20 Megapixel sensor in the RX100 which makes it over four times larger than those in the FZ200 and other super-zooms. On top of that, Sony's made the RX10 weather-sealed, equipped it with an OLED viewfinder, tilting screen, microphone input and much more! Find out all the specs in my Sony Cyber-shot RX10 preview which may be short right now but will be growing very soon as I'm off to play with the camera in person later today! Check back soon for my first impressions! In the meantime I'd love to hear what you think!
I have to say that having had a play with the RX10 today, I'm really impressed. It also has a large OLED EVF that's the same apparent size as the NEX6 / NEX7 (albeit slightly lower SVGA res), and also an aperture ring that can be switched to stepless for video. Infact it looks like a killer video product...
+ Erkki Juurus I don't know about an ND filter, but it does have focus peaking, I think it has zebra patterns, it definitely has a 3.5mm mic input and a headphone jack. So it's looking pretty good!
Sony Alpha A7r preview! Full-frame mirrorless! Today Sony unveiled not one, but two full-frame mirrorless cameras, the Alpha A7 and A7r. Billed as the World's smallest and lightest full-frame mirrorless cameras, they're externally identical with weather-proof bodies, OLED viewfinders and tilting screens. The only difference between them are their sensors with the A7 sporting a 24 Megapixel chip with embedded phase detect AF and the A7r boasting a 36 Megapixel version without the low pass filter, but contrast-only AF. I've rounded-up the rest of the specifications on the bodies and the five new full-frame E-mount lenses in my Sony Alpha A7r preview at the link below, but for now note the A7 and A7r should be available in December at body-only prices of $1700 and $2300 respectively. My preview is currently quite short, but it'll be growing very soon as later today I'll have a chance to play with the new cameras so I'll be adding my first impressions then! In the meantime, do the A7 and A7r represent the holy grail of mirrorless cameras? Are they the models you've been waiting for to finally make the switch from DSLR to mirrorless? Or are they a niche product which won't impact the sales of models with smaller sensors? I'd love to hear what you think!
+ Ingo Meckmann I'll check out the sound of the shutter later today and report back! + Jan Ohlhoff yes, only the A7r has the low pass filter removed. BUT only the A7 has the embedded PDAF points...
Sony Alpha A7 preview! Full frame mirrorless! In what's arguably one of the most highly anticipated camera launches of the year, Sony has finally unveiled not one, but two full-frame mirrorless cameras, the Alpha A7 and A7r. Billed as the World's smallest and lightest full-frame mirrorless cameras, they're externally identical with weather-proof bodies, OLED viewfinders and tilting screens. The only difference between them are their sensors with the A7 sporting a 24 Megapixel chip with embedded phase detect AF and the A7r boasting a 36 Megapixel version without the low pass filter, but contrast-only AF. I've rounded-up the rest of the specifications on the bodies and the five new full-frame E-mount lenses in my Sony Alpha A7 preview at the link below, but for now note the A7 and A7r should be available in December at body-only prices of $1700 and $2300 respectively, and the A7 will alternatively be available in a kit with the 28-70mm f3.5-5.6 for around $2000. My preview is currently quite short, but it'll be growing very soon as later today I'll have a chance to play with the new cameras so I'll be adding my first impressions then! In the meantime, do the A7 and A7r represent the holy grail of mirrorless cameras? Are they the models you've been waiting for to finally make the switch from DSLR to mirrorless? Or are they a niche product which won't impact the sales of models with smaller sensors? I'd love to hear what you think!
The Tea Clipper This is the underside of The Cutty Sark in Greenwich, London. It's a handheld shot taken with the Olympus OMD EM5 fitted with the Lumix 7-14mm lens, set to 7mm for a 14mm equivalent field of view. The Cutty Sark was a tea clipper, a sailing boat designed to transport tea between China and Great Britain as quickly as possible. Built in 1869, she was one of the last clippers as wind power was replaced by steam, but this also made her one of the most technologically advanced and fastest sailing boats around. Indeed the tea trade had become a sporting event with considerable prestige for anyone who beat the fastest time for key journeys. The Cutty Sark was commissioned by shipping boss John Willis to do just that, and under certain conditions she managed to out-pace the previous fastest boat The Thermopylae. But as the Suez Canal was opened and steam really took over, the days of shipping tea by sail was over. The Cutty Sark quickly found herself hauling wool from Australia, and in one journey set the record from London to Sydney in 73 days. Indeed for ten years The Cutty Sark was the fastest ship for the wool trade, but again before long steam ships took over these routes too. The Cutty Sark was sold to a Portuguese company and renamed The Ferreira, and by the 1920s she was the last clipper operating commercially anywhere in the World. Over the next three decades, the ship traded hands and went through various restoration processes before settling in dry dock in Greenwich as a museum piece in 1954. But during further renovation in May 2007, a fire broke out, although luckily about half the materials of the ship were already dismantled and safely off-site. In April 2012 The Cutty Sark was re-opened to visitors. One of the most dramatic aspects of the most recent restoration was to raise the ship by several meters from the ground and suspend it from the sides, allowing visitors to walk underneath it. Meanwhile, the underground gallery would be sealed from the elements with a steel and glass skirt connecting about halfway up the hull, leaving the upper half of the ship open to the elements. While considered a controversial design by many at the time, I think it's really successful. I visited The Cutty Sark prior to the fire and after re-opening and the new experience is much better in my view. It's still great to explore the upper deck in the open air and peek into the various cabins, and check out the surprisingly large storage capacity below, but now being able to actually get underneath the boat definitely adds an extra dimension. It also presents a really nice photo opportunity from one end, particularly if you have an ultra wide lens. Standing underneath the hull at one end you can capture the entire length of the ship and the glass roof around it, holding it in place. The criss-cross pattern of the steel and glass roof is reminiscent of The British Museum. As mentioned earlier, I took this with the Olympus OMD EM5 fitted with the Lumix 7-14mm lens, set to 7mm for a 14mm equivalent field of view. For this kind of shot, symmetry and square geometry is critical, which means positioning yourself exactly underneath the centre of the boat and using viewfinder or screen guides to carefully line-up the shot. The fine-tuning necessary is best done with a tripod, but I didn’t have mine with me at the time - and I'm not even sure they're allowed down here. So I just had to keep an eye on all sides of the frame and try to ensure everything was square. Shooting handheld in low light meant I had to boost the sensitivity a little to avoid camera shake, although at least the OMD EM5 counteracts this with its built-in stabilisation. The final exposure was 0.3 seconds at f4 and 400 ISO. On the downside though, pixel peepers may notice some purple flare blobs - one of the unfortunate side-effects of shooting into bright lights with this lens and body combination, but it still remains one of my favourite pieces of kit. Post processing? None at all, this is a JPEG straight out of the camera! PS - want more information about this lens? Check out my Panasonic 7-14mm review at the link below!
+ Dalibor Mrkic as it happens I do have a version of this with the fisheye! I preferred the ultra wide one here, but I'll post it later for comparison...
Panasonic Lumix GX7 review - complete! After over a month of testing, writing and shooting across multiple locations in the UK, I've finally completed my review of Panasonic's new high-end mirrorless system camera! The Lumix GX7 is aimed squarely at enthusiasts with features including a tilting viewfinder, tilting touchscreen, built-in stabilisation, Wifi with excellent smartphone remote control, 1/8000 shutter, focus peaking, tone curves and much more. This all easily makes it one of the most powerful system cameras to date, DSLR or mirrorless, but how well does it all work in practice? As you'll discover in my review, there's a lot to like about the GX7, but equally a number of aspects which could prove frustrating to certain photographers, and maybe even rule it out for some of them. I've also compared it thoroughly with the earlier GX1 and G6, along with Sony's NEX-6 and what will probably be its two biggest rivals, the Olympus OMD EM5 and EM1. At around 20,000 words in length, I reckon this is one of the most detailed reviews you'll read of the GX7, so if you're interested in it or any of its rivals, please check it out! And as always if you like my work, don't forget to plus-one it! Thanks! cc + Panasonic USA , + Giulio Sciorio , + Dave Veffer
PS + Doug Kaye and + Frederick Van Johnson you may enjoy this review.
+ robert hayles your point about the 100% coverage applies to all electronic viewfinders. All of them offer it. So it's an advantage over some DSLRs, but not any live view systems. As for the handling, I've been using an EM5 for a year and personally prefer the handling in its naked form without the extra grip. It's all down to personal preference whether you want the extra grip or not. My handling score however refers to things like the controls, customisation, shutter response, continuous shooting, buffer flushing etc. But as you'll see clearly stated at the end of the reviews, the scores are only relative to cameras of the same year. My OMD EM5 scores are for a camera reviewed over a year ago, whereas the GX7 is relative to this year's models. So their scores for quality, handling, value and everything else are not comparable, sorry! If the scores didn't effectively reset every year there'd be no way to score anything as all models improve in some respect. Hope that all makes sense.
Thanks + Giulio Sciorio ! I just wish the viewfinder tech and shape were different! How effective did you find the stabilisation in practice? I just couldn't get mine to do much with any lens...
I know what you mean about the thumb access + Carl Roach , I think the GX7 may be designed more for the larger handed photographer! It wasn't a problem for me though.
Thanks + Mark Hales , you're very welcome! All my reviews end up being labours of love!
+ Mark Hales my second thoughts on the viewfinder are that I still think it's the wrong shape for a stills camera and the wrong tech for me personally.
Is this the best multi-function colour laser? As a product tester and tech journalist, I'm normally the one who's suggesting the best things to buy! But today I'm after your advice. I'm in the market for a colour laser printer - not for photos, but for text and graphics - which also preferably has copy and scan capabilities (I can give or take fax), and also networking both wired and wireless, preferably also with Airprint support for Apple's iOS devices. Phew! Is that a tall order or quite possible? I've found a few which fit the bill, with the HP LaserJet Pro 200 color MFP M276nw looking like the most likely candidate right now. It doesn't need to be quick and while duplexing would be nice, it's not necessary. So do any of you own one, or a different model you can recommend - or equally steer me away from? I'm not after an inkjet as they give me nothing but trouble! #HP
Thanks for everyone's tips! + Guy Swarbrick I'd prefer a laser as I've wasted so much money on inkjets in the past. I find inkjets are great if you use them often, and they can make lovely photo prints too, but if you don't use them for a few weeks they can dry up and you end up squirting half your ink away in the cleaning process. Whereas my old mono laser was always ready for action even if it hand't been used for 6 months. So basically it's a replacement for my mono laser I'm after, so I thought I'd go for colour and also scanning / copying capabilities if possible. I also need to connect iOS devices, so that's a factor too.
Does anyone have any experience with Samsung lasers? They seem to have the right feature-set but I'm not sure about the quality...
+ Guy Swarbrick yes it was an Epson inkjet! Lovely quality, but impossible for occasional use. So what's the longest gap you've managed between prints with your inkjet without needing 'cleaning'?
Ah but inkjet printer hardware has always been cheap, it's the ink which gets you! + Guy Swarbrick how much are the cartridges for yours and how many prints you you normally get? (cor, this is beginning to sound like a PCW group test!)
Thanks Guy, although I should say in over ten years I only used 1.5 toner carts on my laser. That said I didn't have kids then.
This is where it all began You're looking at my first 'proper' camera, a Praktica MTL3. I inherited this from my father in 1984 after several years of mucking about with various 110 and disc cameras. But this was serious, a 35mm film SLR with complete manual control. In fact everything was manual: the focus, the exposure, the film wind-on. But I loved it. The seeds were sown for my future in photography and camera testing when I was just in my mid-teens. I really went for it too - instead of documenting family outings, I pointing my camera into the sky at night, transfixed by subsequent star trails. Likewise for fireworks, bonfires, satellites, anything which went overhead in the dark. I then experimented further by using flashlights to freeze action, again taking place in pitch darkness, from exploding water-filled balloons to me jumping in the air and appearing on the photo several times. Believe me when I say my cable release was my best friend! I also persuaded my Mum to let me convert one of our bathrooms into a darkroom, which is a process that doesn't reverse very well, let me tell you. After this came two Pentax SLRs, an MX and the popular ME Super. After that two Nikon SLRs, followed by a couple of Canon SLRs including the EOS 5 in the early Nineties, I think the first camera with three AF points! Later I went medium-format and digital simultaneously, but not with the same camera of course! I used single-digit Megapixel Sony Cyber-shots alongside a Mamiya 7II which took massive 6x7cm franes. After that came a series of DSLRs and the rest, as they say is history. During that time I was a technical journalist at a computer magazine, specializing in imaging devices and cameras from the early Nineties onwards. Then in 2005, after freelancing for various camera magazines, I launched Cameralabs, which became my full time job a couple of years later. If you're interested in camera and equipment reviews, please check it out at the link below - and don't forget to plus-one it if you like my work! So where did it start for you? What was your first camera?
I'm loving all these comments and stories about all your first cameras! It's also great to hear from so many people who also started with Praktica MTLs! Keep them coming!
Tasty Indian Street food! (In Brighton, UK) This is a Mumbai Beach Chaat, a delicious traditional Indian street food snack, from the fabulous Ahimsa food stand at Streetdiner in Brighton every Friday lunchtime. They normally serve a portion that would do you for lunch, but today started doing a smaller cone-sized sampler that's great if you fancy giving it a try, or even trying one of each of their Chaats! This one contains chickpeas, crunchy sev, tamarind, pomegranate & more! Food photography is an art to itself and I don't pretend to be any good at it, but I quite like the way this one turned out. Taken handheld on the stand with an Olympus OMD EM5 and Olympus 45mm f1.8 at f1.8. This is an out of camera JPEG. PS - my review of this lens (a must for every M4/3 owner) is at:
Canon SX510 HS review Hi everyone, I'm pleased to publish another one of the first reviews you'll find of a brand new Canon camera! This time it's the turn of the PowerShot SX510 HS, a relatively compact and low-cost 30x super-zoom camera. It's the successor to the SX500 IS which proved to be one of Canon's best sellers last year, and improves on the photo and video quality along with adding Wifi. Find out how it performs and crucially how it compares in features and quality against one of its biggest rivals from Nikon in our Canon PowerShot SX510 HS review!
Brighton Beach time-lapse with Canon S120 You wouldn't have known it was October in Brighton today! Here's a short timelapse with the miniature effect I filmed as part of my on-going Canon S120 review. Lovely weather! You can find seven sample movies and a bunch of sample images at the link below and check back soon for some comparative results!
It's shaping up nicely + Dave Oplinger !
I NEED YOUR HELP ... with a photography related survey for my master thesis. You can win a prize!! https://qtrial.qualtrics.com/SE/?SID=SV_eX7XPOy8ABsFHUh Reasons to participate: - You can win a $120 Amazon gift card - You help me graduate (for which I'll be eternally grateful) - You will contribute to science (I think that's pretty cool anyway) I need at least 300 people to fill out my survey to graduate, so if you could share this with your photography friends, I would greatly appreciate it! Please fill out the survey and let me know you have done so, and I'll gladly comment on / +1 a number of your pictures. If you have any feedback on the survey, please don't post it in the comments, as that might influence the results of others. You can always write me a private post instead by sharing a message with me only and tagging me in it. #survey #thesis #help #helpouts #photography
Nikon D610 preview! Nikon has just announced the D610, a 'budget' full-frame DSLR, aimed at enthusiasts upgrading from mid-range models or pros looking for an affordable backup for a higher-end body. It replaces the one-year-old D600 and like that model is positioned roughly between the full-frame D800 and the crop-format D7100. Find out what's new and how it compares to the Canon EOS 6D in my Nikon D610 preview!
Visiting Chicago! (probably) Are there any Chicago-based photographers around here? I may have a brief visit to the city at the end of the month, so if it all pans-out, be great to meet up with some local photogs (especially if they also know the best places to eat!) #Chicago
The Dome from behind bars I'm always looking for something to frame a shot, or get in the way in a (hopefully) creative fashion! This photo shows one of the domes of The Royal Naval College in Greenwich, London, taken from behind a window in the opposite dome! See those square windows on the dome? I'm basically looking through one of them on the other dome, but rather than pressing up against the glass, or better still opening the window where possible, I decided to back-up a little and make the window leading a feature. When geometry is important to a composition, it always pays to stand square to the subject and line-it up using any alignment guides; I also find it handy to count the number of lines on the subject to make sure you really do have it in the middle and not just to one side. I took this with the new Canon PowerShot S120 which I'm currently reviewing, and you can download this and many other images in their original formats at the link below; I've also added some 1080/60p videos too! The S120 has a bigger sensor than most point-and-shoots, but one that's smaller than most system cameras. The sensor size has actually helped here as (coupled with a shorter focal length lens) it delivers a larger inherent depth of field. Bottom line? It was easier to keep the window bars and the distant building both in focus than it would have been with a larger format camera.
+ Anthony Owen-Jones and + Andy Bitterer I don't know why you're tagged as being with me in this photo - bizarre G+ error, sorry.
Hi everyone, thanks for a wonderful weekend - it was great to meet you all and I'm already looking forward to doing it again! I'm also hoping to catch up with lots of you around the Uk and Europe during my various travels. Many thanks to + Athena Carey , + John Dunne and + Andy Bitterer for organising it and of course to + Stuart Dyckhoff for his consistent (yet unsuccessful) attempts to run me off the road. See you all soon! PS - I'd find it reassuring to learn if + Joel Karlsson made it home...
But seriously folks, has anyone heard from him?
You don't know how relieved we all are + Joel Karlsson ! Great to meet you, and glad we didn't lose you this weekend!
+ John Dunne it was a pleasure to meet you too, and yes I'll definitely be joining you in Scotland! I was also hoping to glean some tips from you over the weekend, so I guess that means I may be paying a visit to Ireland sooner rather than later!
Scotland is definitely a yes + Athena Carey ! Not sure I'll be making it down to Africa for a while, but should you ever find yourself on the UK's southcoast and fancy a look around Brighton, give me a call!
I've untagged you + Anthony Owen-Jones and + Andy Bitterer as you're getting tagged on every photo I upload into this folder! Sorry for all the alerts!
I've just arrived at Burngate Farm and am walking to Durdle Door. Maybe see some of you there!
Whoops sorry! I'm already halfway there but if you drive I wouldn't say no to a lift back! I reckon the walk looks like about 45 mins
Yep + Gerard Charnley we're hoping to be there at about 6:45am
+ Stuart Dyckhoff and + Gerard Charnley it was lovely to meet you both too, and I hope we can do it again soon!
The College and The City - taken with Canon S120 Here's a rare view from Greenwich looking down The Thames towards the financial city of London - in the distance there's two buildings of note, the tall pointy one on the left is The Shard, Western Europe's tallest building, and sandwiched between two on the right is the curved 'Walkie Talkie' building, which I think is the one now infamous for focusing the Sun's into a death ray. Or something like that. What makes it a rare view is the position of the photo, from within one of the two Domes of The Royal Naval College. These are not open to the public and access is only rarely granted. I was lucky enough to be invited up there as part of a recent Canon event to try out the PowerShot S120, and indeed this shot was taken with that camera with the lens zoomed-into its maximum 120mm equivalent focal length. Like many views in London I like the way it includes both new and old architecture, with the River snaking between them. I'm working on my review of this camera as we speak, but in the meantime you can download this and a bunch of other PowerShot S120 sample images at: PS - Many thanks to The Old Naval College, Greenwich and The Greenwich Foundation for permission to photograph in these locations.
Thanks + Capt Masat and + Doug Kaye ! It's quite an unusual view as hardly anyone gets to go up there!
+ Robert LeBlanc I'm at the beginning of my testing period, so I can't say much right now, BUT I can tell you DIGIC 6 makes the S120 (and the G16) faster at focusing and MUCH faster for continuous AF. Both cameras can shoot sustained bursts at just shy of 10fps. As luck would have it, I will be comparing the S120 against the RX100II over the next few days, so I'll be able to comment in my final review too...
Anyone want to see a bunch of 1080/60p videos from the S120 showing its continuous AF in low light? It's all at the same link as my sample images at
The Cutty Sark and London Docklands at night This is the bow of The Cutty Sark in Greenwich, pointing towards the towers of London's Docklands in the background, the tallest of which is Canary Wharf. I took this last night using the brand new Canon PowerShot S120 which I'm testing right now. I popped it into manual, set an exposure of 13 seconds at f5 and 80 ISO, before balancing it on a ledge and triggering the shutter with the self-timer. You can download this and a bunch of other sample images in my PowerShot S120 review-in-progress at the link below! Oh, you want some more info on the S120? Sure thing! The PowerShot S120 is the latest version of Canon's pocket camera for enthusiasts. Like its predecessor, it packs a 12 Megapixel CMOS sensor and a 5x 24-120mm optical range into a genuinely pocket-sized body, but the focal ratio has brightened to f1.8-5.7. Canon's also greatly improved the speed with the S120 firing an initial burst at 12.1fps, slowing a little to 9.4fps while memory remains, and the AF is also faster. Videos can now be recorded at 1080 / 60p, there's new Astrophotography presets, focus peaking and enhanced Wifi support for sharing. I'm currently testing the camera and ahead of my Canon S120 review I can share a bunch of sample images!
Thanks everyone! Ha ha + Theo Brookes , you're right! I spent a while trying to compose this shot to avoid Nandos in the corner, but just couldn't manage it without losing a lot of the buildings behind it. I always like to post sample images untouched, but if I were making any corrections on a personal version, I'd definitely erase the sign.
Anyone want to see a bunch of 1080/60p videos from the S120 showing its continuous AF in low light? It's all at the same link as my sample images at
Canon PowerShot G16 review ! Hi everyone, I've just published what I reckon is one of the first in-depth reviews of the Canon PowerShot G16! This is the latest version of Canon's high-end compact for enthusiasts and now features quicker AF and much faster continuous shooting thanks to the new DIGIC 6 processor. It can also record 1080 / 60p video, has built-in WIFI, focus peaking, a defocus effect, a selection of HDR modes and a particularly neat Star preset which can easily capture wide field star fields, star trails or even time lapse star movies! So while the G16 may look the same as its predecessor from the outside, not to mention having the same lens and sensor, there's a lot to get excited about under the hood. The big question though is how it compares to what's arguably the leader in this market, Sony's RX100 II. No problem, we've done just that so you'll be able to see how their relative resolution, noise and RAW results compare. So what are you waiting for? Check out one of the first G16 reviews anywhere! #Canon + Canon Rumors
Hi everyone, I'll be driving from Brighton to West Lulworth on Friday, departing mid to late morning, then returning to Brighton on Monday via a different town. Happy to offer a ride from Brighton on Friday, or to car-share at various points during Saturday and Sunday. I should have two seats, maybe three.
Fujifilm X20 review! Fujifilm's X20 is a retro-styled compact camera aimed at demanding enthusiasts who want high quality images, loads of control, a bright zoom lens and an optical viewfinder. The 2/3in sensor is larger than most compacts and features the same X-Trans architecture as the X100S and X-Mount mirrorless models. The optical viewfinder is a hybrid design which can superimpose electronic information, while the 4x optical zoom boasts a bright f2-2.8 focal ratio. It's a compelling combination of features, quality and handling at a price that's more affordable than rivals with bigger sensors. Find out how it compares against the Sony RX100 II and Nikon COOLPIX A in our Fujifilm X20 review! You can also download a bunch of original sample images including this one of the sunflowers by + Ken McMahon ! + FUJIFILM UK , + FUJIFILM Australia , + FUJIFILM Europe
It's time for: Canon PowerShot SX510 HS sample images! Canon's PowerShot SX510 HS is a small and affordable super-zoom with a 30x optical range that starts at a respectably wide 24mm equivalent. It's the successor to the best-selling SX500 IS which struck a compelling balance between pocket super-zooms and larger DSLR-styled models. Canon's kept the same lens, but swapped the 16 Megapixel CCD from the old model for a higher sensitivity 12 Megapixel CMOS which can also capture Full HD 1080p video, and has also equipped the camera with Wifi for wireless image transfer and remote control. We're well underway with our tests but wanted to share a bunch of sample images for you right now, including this shot of a town hall clock at 30x by + Ken McMahon - so check out our Canon SX510 HS sample images!
Canon PowerShot G16 sample images! Ahead of our in-depth review, here's a bunch of sample images taken with Canon's brand new PowerShot G16, including the one pictured by + Ken McMahon . The G16 is the latest version of Canon's iconic flagship for enthusiasts, so for a preview of whether it's any good, have a look at the samples below and check back soon for the complete review! #Canon
Heads up! Only one more week before the long awaited +UK Seaside Photowalk 2013 kicks off with a bang. No, I don't mean thunder! We hope you all booked your flights, hotels or B&Bs, rental cars, charged your batteries and formatted your memory chips, and whatever else you'll need over the two days in Dorset. Here are the final details for the photowalk. The links below point to a few Google Docs. You may want to keep those files handy (eg. in Evernote on your smartphone). Or you just print them out. Nah. Just kidding. Schedule Sun & Moon Times Tide Tables We are very excited to see all of you, many old and new friends, on those beaches, piers, seastacks and wherever we'll crawl around. Wishing you safe travels, good light, and low noise. Athena, John + Andy
The Grand National Not really, it is of course just a Merry-go-round, in this case in Albert Dock, Liverpool, but let me tell you the horse was still going for it. I have to say I do love these old fairground rides. They look absolutely fantastic and I'm pleased their owners keep them running. I took this photo with the Panasonic Lumix GX7 and its 14-42mm HD kit lens at 14mm for a 28mm equivalent field of view. It was actually raining at the time, so I bumped-up the sensitivity to 400 ISO for a 1/200 shutter speed. As usual there's no processing, it's a JPEG straight out the camera, and if you'd like a closer look at this image you can download the original via my GX7 review-in-progress at the link below. My sample images page includes a broad selection of photos, again all downloadable in their original formats. The front page of the review also includes a load of sample movies too. As for the review itself, I'm steadily working my way through it and hope to have it finished soon!
Olympus OMD EM1 vs EM5 vs GX7 - complete results inc RAW! Hi everyone, a few days ago I teased you with some incomplete comparisons between the new Olympus OMD EM1 and the earlier EM5 along with Panasonic's latest, the Lumix GX7. Back then I promised to reshoot my noise test and I've now done just that. Even better, Adobe recently released a new version of Camera RAW which now supports both the EM1 and GX7, so I can also share RAW results from all three cameras! So what are you waiting for? Check out my comparison of these three mirrorless cameras - and be prepared to pixel-peep... PS - suffice it to say I'm also working on my final reviews of both the EM1 and GX7.
Nikon 1 AW1 underwater system camera preview! The Nikon 1 AW1 is the World's first underwater digital system camera. Based on the company's '1' mirrorless system, the AW1 can be submerged down to 15m and is also dustproof, freezeproof to -10C, and shockproof to 2m. It'll take any Nikon 1 lens, but to go underwater you'll need one of two new lenses, a 30-74mm equivalent zoom or a 27mm f2.8 equivalent prime. As a Nikon 1 camera the AW1 also enjoys fast continuous shooting with AF and the chance to capture HD video and stills simultaneously. The AW1 also includes built-in GPS, electronic compass, height and depth indicators and optional one-handed operation. I had a chance to try it out at a Nikon briefing and you can find out what I thought in my hands-on Nikon AW1 preview!
Mono Shard This afternoon I found myself with about 15 minutes to spare before my train left London Bridge. Since I'm currently testing the Panasonic Lumix GX7 and was literally underneath Europe's largest pointy tower, it would seem rude not to step outside and take some snaps. So here it is, The Shard, taken with the Lumix GX7 using its Dynamic Mono Creative filter. It's an out-of-camera JPEG and you can download the original, along with checking out many more samples - along with a timelapse of The Shard which I also squeezed-in today - in my review-in-progress, linked below.
Thanks everyone! And glad you enjoyed the timelapse too + Julie Pell ! Amazingly I also wasn't moved on by any security guards, as London is very intolerant of people using tripods near large buildings.
The Weather Shelter Yesterday I paid homage to William Eggleston, today it's the turn of Martin Parr. You're looking at one of the beautifully ornate Victorian weather shelters at New Brighton, perched in one corner of The Wirral Peninsula, just a 'ferry across the Mersey' from Liverpool. New Brighton was developed into a seaside resort in the mid-1800s, and although it's fallen, like many other UK resorts, into disrepair (albeit now seeing some redevelopment), it still houses some classic architecture of this golden period. Whenever I'm visiting family in The Wirral, I always look forward to heading down to New Brighton, especially if I'm testing a camera as there's so much to photograph. All of the seaside and lighthouse shots in my Panasonic GX7 gallery (linked below) were taken here just last week, and my photo of the kids bike near the beach posted yesterday was taken just moments before this one. When I took the photo of the bike, I had William Eggleston's famous image of a trike in mind, but I took this photo of the shelter thinking it would be the kind of thing Martin Parr would probably like. I'm a big fan of Martin Parr and his work has certainly influenced me, but I'd completely forgotten he'd previously documented New Brighton in a collection I've almost certainly seen in the past. Had he taken the same angle? I'm not sure, but the same shelters appear in many of his photos, so they must have been in my sub-conscious somewhere. So this is my homage to Parr. My feeling is Parr tries to capture the tatty and often grim side of seaside resorts, but always with respect for the subjects and the former grandeur of the surroundings. I've tried to do this here, celebrating the shelter but showing its overcast and bleak surroundings. When shooting buildings like this, face-on, I think it's critical to ensure you're absolutely square to them and that there's minimal if any distortion. I shot this a little wide at 28mm equivalent, but avoided converging lines by keeping the camera level and positioning the building near the top of the frame. Had it been lower in the frame, I'd have been looking up at it and the sides wouldn't have been straight. This may have corrected the geometry without the need for a tilt shift lens or digital stretching, but left a big gaping space in the lower half of the frame. I kinda think I could get away with it for extra bleakness, but when someone walked across the frame I decided to react straightaway. I don't normally like doing street photography as I'm too self-conscious, but this lady and her dog completed the picture for me. I like the dynamics and motion in the shot and the juxtaposition of her modern outfit with the architecture that's around 150 years older - coupled with the apparent disinterest she has for it. She's focused on walking the dog, getting from A to B, and while the route was almost certainly chosen for the coastal location, I feel the shelter sits neglected here. Well not unloved by me anyway. I'm really happy with this shot. Mundane yet strangely classy. I hope you like it too, and don't forget to document these fabulous resorts when you get the chance as they're gradually falling apart and disappearing from our lives. You can see the original image and many more in my Panasonic Lumix GX7 sample images gallery linked below. I'm working on completing my Lumix GX7 review as we speak! + UK Photography Community
+ Brian Warkentine as luck would have it, I'll be able to get hold of a G3 over the next few days, so I'll try and remember to compare it for you! But one big difference is the GX7's EF os 16:9 in shape, so if you're shooting in 4:3, you're only using just over half the panel. I personally think the G6 and Olympus EM1 look much better for shooting 4:3 stills.
+ Brian Warkentine the 16:9 shape may not be optimised for stills, but obviously it's fantastic once you start filming video! At that point it delivers the biggest image of all of them. I'll check to see if it's the same panel as the GH3.
The Tricycle of New Brighton I blame William Eggleston. Whenever I see a kid's trike, I can't help but take a wide-angle photo at a low angle in an attempt to emulate his classic image and get a response from + Thomas Hawk ! This particular example was parked at the edge of New Brighton beach near Liverpool, UK, on a windy day last week, brightening the scene and just begging for some attention while its owner was off collecting shells. I took it with the new Panasonic Lumix GX7 mirrorless camera which I'm halfway through testing. I had the Lumix G 14-42mm HD kit lens fitted and zoomed-out to 14mm for a 28mm equivalent field of view. I tilted the screen up so I could comfortably frame the shot with the camera low to the ground. Otherwise it's all automatic and the only thing of note was that I used the Low 125 ISO sensitivity here as a test. There's a temptation to always use the lowest ISO for the best quality, but it's important to know the difference between the base setting and any extra low options. The latter can actually sometimes reduce the dynamic range and therefore should only be used to achieve a slower shutter speed or brighter aperture than the lighting conditions would normally allow. So unless you're in this situation, go for the base sensitivity for the best results, which for the GX7 is 200 ISO. As you can see in this shot, some of the cloud detail has been lost in the highlights but I'm still quite fond of the composition none-the-less. This photo is one of 33 sample images I've now added to my Lumix GX7 review-in-progress, and you can download and examine any of them in their original format from the link below. I've also added seven sample movies for you on that page!
+ Mandy Jones and like that I'm off again tomorrow! One day we'll meet!
I haven't forgotten + Thomas Hawk ! But sadly models and I rarely cross paths. When we do though I'll make sure I fulfil your request!
Please help me graduate by filling out this short questionnaire on photography: https://qtrial.qualtrics.com/SE/?SID=SV_72rb27JxiPUO6z3 #leica #leicaimages #amsterdam #holland #netherlands #tourist #camera #photographer #child #street #streettogs #streetphoto #streetpics #streetphotography #shootthestreet #blackandwhitephotography #blackandwhite #bw #bwphotography #monochromeworld #monochrome #monochromephotography #lifescenes #peopleandlife #happymonday #help Today is my favorite day of the week: #monochromemonday ( + Monochrome Monday ) curated by + Hans Berendsen , + Jerry Johnson , + Steve Barge and guest-curators + Dominique Hilbert , + David Orr , and + Martin Heller .
Panasonic Lumix FZ70 / FZ72 review - 60x super-zoom! The Panasonic Lumix FZ70 / FZ72 is a super-zoom camera with 16 Megapixels and a whopping 60x optical range - the World's longest at the time of writing. This takes you from ultra wide coverage of 20mm all the way to super-telephoto 1200mm. It also features 1080i movies, a 3in screen and electronic viewfinder, and in a welcome upgrade over its predecessor, the ability to record RAW files and fit external flashes onto a hotshoe. The headline though remains that massive 60x zoom which surpasses the range of the best-selling Canon SX50 HS. Find out how these two models compare in our Panasonic Lumix FZ70 /FZ72 review! + Panasonic USA
+ Mark Spearman we've compared the image quality between the FZ70 and the SX50HS in the review for resolution at various focal lengths and also noise.
I have to say that having had a play with the RX10 today, I'm really impressed. It also has a large OLED EVF that's the same apparent size as the NEX6 / NEX7 (albeit slightly lower SVGA res), and also an aperture ring that can be switched to stepless for video. Infact it looks like a killer video product...
+ Erkki Juurus I don't know about an ND filter, but it does have focus peaking, I think it has zebra patterns, it definitely has a 3.5mm mic input and a headphone jack. So it's looking pretty good!
Sony Alpha A7r preview! Full-frame mirrorless! Today Sony unveiled not one, but two full-frame mirrorless cameras, the Alpha A7 and A7r. Billed as the World's smallest and lightest full-frame mirrorless cameras, they're externally identical with weather-proof bodies, OLED viewfinders and tilting screens. The only difference between them are their sensors with the A7 sporting a 24 Megapixel chip with embedded phase detect AF and the A7r boasting a 36 Megapixel version without the low pass filter, but contrast-only AF. I've rounded-up the rest of the specifications on the bodies and the five new full-frame E-mount lenses in my Sony Alpha A7r preview at the link below, but for now note the A7 and A7r should be available in December at body-only prices of $1700 and $2300 respectively. My preview is currently quite short, but it'll be growing very soon as later today I'll have a chance to play with the new cameras so I'll be adding my first impressions then! In the meantime, do the A7 and A7r represent the holy grail of mirrorless cameras? Are they the models you've been waiting for to finally make the switch from DSLR to mirrorless? Or are they a niche product which won't impact the sales of models with smaller sensors? I'd love to hear what you think!
Brighton Pier long exposure - a first attempt! Here's a quickie from this evening. I was down at Brighton Pier briefly, taking some more test movies with the Canon S120 for my upcoming review (delayed by this week's launches!), and it occurred to me I should also try a long exposure after being inspired by the Dorset trip the other weekend. So it was onto the tripod with my Olympus OMD EM5, fitted with my Leica 25mm f1.4 and a Lee Big Stopper via their Seven5 mounting system. I literally only had a few minutes spare this evening, so utilized the unique Live Time facility on the Olympus to watch as the image built-up in real-time during the exposure. Unfortunately my starting point on f4 for sharpness and 200 ISO for low noise was just not enough to record much in less than five minutes under these conditions with ten stops of ND in front of them. So I aborted the exposure, whacked the ISO to 800, opened the aperture by a stop and kept the shutter open for about 3 and a half minutes. As recommended by a Lee expert, I had the White Balance set to 10,000K to compensate for the blue cast of the Big Stopper. Here's the result, and I reckon there's some potential for getting some nice results with a bit of practice and some more favourable skies! Wish me luck going forward in my new long exposure filter-driven hobby! PS - here's a link to my review of the 25mm f1.4 lens, a really nice standard option for Micro Four Thirds owners.
I'll say right now that it's a very noisy image. But to be fair, it's 300 seconds at 800 ISO with NO NOISE REDUCTION. I literally didn't have time to take a dark frame tonight, so this is very much a version 0.1 I thought it might be fun to share!
Hi + Trey Ratcliff thanks for the nice mention in your article! I thought you'd like the new cameras. I attended a briefing with Sony a couple of days ago and go some great information from the top guys from Japan which I'll be using to update my preview at cameralabs soon. I've also filmed and posted a video demo of the camera which could be useful as an intro to the headline features and some of the decisions behind them. I have to say I did think of you when I heard about the lens selection - not one but two general purpose zooms at launch, but no ultra wide. No macro either or classic portrait. I was also concerned that since the 28-70 is only available in a kit and the 55, 24-70 and 70-200 could all slip into 2014 that the only native lens A7r owners may have for the rest of 2013 is the 35mm f2.8 - well at least it's a useful focal length. But it could be at least a year before a native ultra wide comes along. You can still use E-mount lenses, but in a crop mode, but still if you have the 36 Mpixel A7r, then the end result won't be far off what you currently get with the NEX 6 and 7. To me though it's all about how good the lenses will be. I've no doubt the bodies will be great, but if the native lenses aren't sharp across the frame then I'll be happy sticking with my M4/3 kit!
+ Trey Ratcliff + Jason Law I will of course be looking into adapters for a future update to my preview and I'll keep you posted! I'll also try them out with Nikon and Canon lenses if possible.
Sony Alpha A7 video demo! At the Sony press event I took time out to film a video demo of the new Alpha A7 and A7r full-frame mirrorless cameras which explains the new features, shows how their size compares to Micro Four Thirds and also discusses the death of the NEX brand! Give me 15 minutes and I'll tell you everything you need to know, or at least most of the good stuff! + Sony My hands-on preview article with further details is linked below:
+ Ernest W no, it's only the NEX name that's stopping, not the product! They will still make APSC mirrorless cameras and E-mount lenses, but they won't be called NEX anymore.
+ Thomas Hawk you may enjoy my video demo of the new Sony cameras!
+ Dalibor Mrkic I was trying to have a bit more fun with my presentation as I think in the past I've been a bit dry... hope I still got across some useful information though!
Cheers + Thomas Hawk , and thanks for sharing!
+ Ernest W you've hit the nail on the head there - the brilliant thing about M4/3 isn't just the broad lens catalogue, but two quite different companies making bodies for them...
+ Pascal Spörri sure thing, I'll definitely make those comparisons when I flesh out the preview further...
Thanks + Kevin Curry and + Richard Foreman and + Dennis Morassut ! PS - + Claudio Cicali I'm still quite happy with my M4/3 setup too, but I can't wait to compare them all very thoroughly...
Sure thing + Jeremy Huppatz I'm looking forward to seeing how different non-native lenses work on these new bodies...
Shall I do some long exposures with it for you + Anthony Owen-Jones ...?
The teeniest system camera! You just don't get an impression of the tiny size of Panasonic's new Lumix GM1 from the photos, so here's one of yours truly, posing with it! It really is very small with a profile smaller than a playing card, but equally, very cute too. Remember this isn't just a compact for enthusiasts which is roughly as pocketable as Sony's RX100 II, but also a fully-fledged system camera with interchangeable lenses - indeed as a standard Micro Four Thirds model you can fit any of the lenses in this broad catalogue and thanks to the same sensor and image processor of the GX7, enjoy superb image quality too. The headlines this week may be all about full-frame mirrorless, but I was quite smitten with this little fellow and could see it not just being an alternative to models like the RX100 II, but also a backup body for existing M4/3 owners. You can read my hands-on report at:
+ Alistair Ford the controls felt like using something like a Lumix LF1 or LX7, so small but perfectly usable!
They fired an enlarging ray at us before hand + Jason Law ...
Panasonic Lumix GM1 preview! Cor, three camera launches in a period of just 24 hours! The third - and final - launch for this week is Panasonic's Lumix GM1, the smallest Micro Four Thirds mirrorless system camera to date. Indeed it's roughly similar in size to a Sony RX100II or Canon S120. Impressively Panasonic has cut down the dimensions but not the feature set which reads almost like the Lumix GX7 complete with the same sensor and image processor (for the same quality), autofocus down to -4EV, focus peaking, timelapse and stop motion modes, manual movie exposures, Wifi and optional silent operation. Check out my hands-on preview to find out more! + Panasonic USA
+ Chris Summers I just want to finish my Canon S120 review, but they keep having new launches!
+ Ananda Sim I wouldn't expect miracles from the 12-32mm, it's all about size. But of course we could pop on a small pancake prime and it'd be a lovely walkaround solution.
Nikon D5300 preview! Nikon has launched its latest mid-range DSLR, the D5300. Coming one year after its predecessor, the new D5300 dispenses with the optical low pass filter, enlarges the screen, adds 1080 / 60p video and becomes the first Nikon DSLR with built-in Wifi and GPS! Hurrah! Find out more in my preview below and check back soon for updates as I hope to be playing with one later...
Cheers + David Moyers I'll cash that in in-between two briefings today!
Full frame smile I had a lot of fun playing with the new Sony cameras today, the full-frame A7 and A7r, and also the RX10 which is looking really good. I'm now home and digesting all the information I gathered so that I can update my previews - I've got loads of good material for you! In the meantime, the basic details are in my previews at Cameralabs. Here's the link to the A7 preview: + Sony
Ha ha + Allen Corlett , that's what + Steve Ghayouri asked elsewhere! And as I said to him "I've been asking myself this all day! But much of that is pure sensor greed. Do I need 24 or 36MP? Do I yearn for lower noise at high ISOs? The answer is no. What I yearn for is very well corrected lenses at my favourite focal lengths in a system with great stabilisation and compact dimensions - and I think I already have that with M4/3 - but I will of course be comparing them closely!"
+ Mathieu Gasquet it was a first-look preview event, so I only had them for a couple of hours, but I did film a preview I'm editing now, and I will be getting a much longer look at them soon...!
+ Diego Carranza I'd definitely hold back on an A99 purchase until you get a chance to compare them.
+ Dalibor Mrkic no there weren't any E-mount lenses around for me to try that - but I will!
+ Dalibor Mrkic I think some of the better E-mount lenses may deliver a larger usable circle than APSC, so finger's crossed!
One of these cameras has a sensor four times bigger than the other I've been playing with the new Sony Alpha A7 and A7r today and thought it would be fun to take a photo of it next to the Olympus OMD EM5 with a roughly similar lens. So on the left you have a full-frame camera with a 35mm f2.8 lens and on the right you have a M4/3 camera with a 17mm f1.8 lens, equivalent to 34mm in coverage and f3.6 in depth of field. So even though the combo on the left is 'only' f2.8, the depth of field is actually shallower, if that's the sort of thing which turns you on. But in terms of exposure the combo on the right when wide open will allow you to use lower ISOs or faster shutter speeds under the same conditions. BUT the combo on the left has a sensor four times bigger, so its higher ISO should be much cleaner. But the combo on the right doesn't need to work so hard to deliver a sharp image into the corners. But the one on the left has over twice the total Megapixels! Phew, there's loads to weigh up, but there's no denying the new Alpha A7 and A7r are impressively compact. I just hope the lenses deliver the goods in practice. I'll be updating my preview with first impressions soon, but in the meantime the core details are ready for you at: cc + Sony
Sorry, to clarify, full frame sensors have approximately four times the surface area of M4/3. It's like you get four M4/3 sensors and stick them together in a two by two pattern. For the record, M4/3 sensors measure 17.3 x 13.0 mm, while full-frame measures 36x24mm.
+ Andreas Yankopolus I can't wait to compare the performance of the A7 / A7r with its lenses compared to M4/3 - it'll be interesting to see if the FF system manages to be as sharp in the corners...
+ Steve Ghayouri I've been asking myself this all day! But much of that is pure sensor greed. Do I need 24 or 36MP? Do I yearn for lower noise at high ISOs? The answer is no. What I yearn for is very well corrected lenses at my favourite focal lengths in a system with great stabilisation and compact dimensions - and I think I already have that with M4/3 - but I will of course be comparing them closely!
+ Erkki Juurus I also wonder how well the lenses can perform in that environment. Time will tell.
Sony RX10 preview! Big zoom, big sensor! Today Sony launched three new cameras. Alongside the two full-frame mirrorless models is the Cyber-shot RX10, a high-performance zoom camera. While most of the news will concentrate on the Alpha A7 and A7r mirrorless, for me the Cyber-shot RX10 is equally exciting, taking the concept of large zoom cameras to a very high level. From the outside, the RX10 looks not unlike any other DSLR-styled super-zoom camera, so when you learn it only has an 8.3x zoom equivalent to 24-200mm, you may understandably be disappointed. Afterall, its rivals are already offering 50x and even 60x ranges. But the RX10's lens sports a constant f2.8 aperture throughout the range. Ah, I hear you say, so does the Lumix FZ200 and it still manages to offer a 24x zoom. But the literally big difference here is the sensor in the RX10 - it's the same 1in 20 Megapixel sensor in the RX100 which makes it over four times larger than those in the FZ200 and other super-zooms. On top of that, Sony's made the RX10 weather-sealed, equipped it with an OLED viewfinder, tilting screen, microphone input and much more! Find out all the specs in my Sony Cyber-shot RX10 preview which may be short right now but will be growing very soon as I'm off to play with the camera in person later today! Check back soon for my first impressions! In the meantime I'd love to hear what you think!
I have to say that having had a play with the RX10 today, I'm really impressed. It also has a large OLED EVF that's the same apparent size as the NEX6 / NEX7 (albeit slightly lower SVGA res), and also an aperture ring that can be switched to stepless for video. Infact it looks like a killer video product...
+ Erkki Juurus I don't know about an ND filter, but it does have focus peaking, I think it has zebra patterns, it definitely has a 3.5mm mic input and a headphone jack. So it's looking pretty good!
Sony Alpha A7r preview! Full-frame mirrorless! Today Sony unveiled not one, but two full-frame mirrorless cameras, the Alpha A7 and A7r. Billed as the World's smallest and lightest full-frame mirrorless cameras, they're externally identical with weather-proof bodies, OLED viewfinders and tilting screens. The only difference between them are their sensors with the A7 sporting a 24 Megapixel chip with embedded phase detect AF and the A7r boasting a 36 Megapixel version without the low pass filter, but contrast-only AF. I've rounded-up the rest of the specifications on the bodies and the five new full-frame E-mount lenses in my Sony Alpha A7r preview at the link below, but for now note the A7 and A7r should be available in December at body-only prices of $1700 and $2300 respectively. My preview is currently quite short, but it'll be growing very soon as later today I'll have a chance to play with the new cameras so I'll be adding my first impressions then! In the meantime, do the A7 and A7r represent the holy grail of mirrorless cameras? Are they the models you've been waiting for to finally make the switch from DSLR to mirrorless? Or are they a niche product which won't impact the sales of models with smaller sensors? I'd love to hear what you think!
+ Ingo Meckmann I'll check out the sound of the shutter later today and report back! + Jan Ohlhoff yes, only the A7r has the low pass filter removed. BUT only the A7 has the embedded PDAF points...
Sony Alpha A7 preview! Full frame mirrorless! In what's arguably one of the most highly anticipated camera launches of the year, Sony has finally unveiled not one, but two full-frame mirrorless cameras, the Alpha A7 and A7r. Billed as the World's smallest and lightest full-frame mirrorless cameras, they're externally identical with weather-proof bodies, OLED viewfinders and tilting screens. The only difference between them are their sensors with the A7 sporting a 24 Megapixel chip with embedded phase detect AF and the A7r boasting a 36 Megapixel version without the low pass filter, but contrast-only AF. I've rounded-up the rest of the specifications on the bodies and the five new full-frame E-mount lenses in my Sony Alpha A7 preview at the link below, but for now note the A7 and A7r should be available in December at body-only prices of $1700 and $2300 respectively, and the A7 will alternatively be available in a kit with the 28-70mm f3.5-5.6 for around $2000. My preview is currently quite short, but it'll be growing very soon as later today I'll have a chance to play with the new cameras so I'll be adding my first impressions then! In the meantime, do the A7 and A7r represent the holy grail of mirrorless cameras? Are they the models you've been waiting for to finally make the switch from DSLR to mirrorless? Or are they a niche product which won't impact the sales of models with smaller sensors? I'd love to hear what you think!
The Tea Clipper This is the underside of The Cutty Sark in Greenwich, London. It's a handheld shot taken with the Olympus OMD EM5 fitted with the Lumix 7-14mm lens, set to 7mm for a 14mm equivalent field of view. The Cutty Sark was a tea clipper, a sailing boat designed to transport tea between China and Great Britain as quickly as possible. Built in 1869, she was one of the last clippers as wind power was replaced by steam, but this also made her one of the most technologically advanced and fastest sailing boats around. Indeed the tea trade had become a sporting event with considerable prestige for anyone who beat the fastest time for key journeys. The Cutty Sark was commissioned by shipping boss John Willis to do just that, and under certain conditions she managed to out-pace the previous fastest boat The Thermopylae. But as the Suez Canal was opened and steam really took over, the days of shipping tea by sail was over. The Cutty Sark quickly found herself hauling wool from Australia, and in one journey set the record from London to Sydney in 73 days. Indeed for ten years The Cutty Sark was the fastest ship for the wool trade, but again before long steam ships took over these routes too. The Cutty Sark was sold to a Portuguese company and renamed The Ferreira, and by the 1920s she was the last clipper operating commercially anywhere in the World. Over the next three decades, the ship traded hands and went through various restoration processes before settling in dry dock in Greenwich as a museum piece in 1954. But during further renovation in May 2007, a fire broke out, although luckily about half the materials of the ship were already dismantled and safely off-site. In April 2012 The Cutty Sark was re-opened to visitors. One of the most dramatic aspects of the most recent restoration was to raise the ship by several meters from the ground and suspend it from the sides, allowing visitors to walk underneath it. Meanwhile, the underground gallery would be sealed from the elements with a steel and glass skirt connecting about halfway up the hull, leaving the upper half of the ship open to the elements. While considered a controversial design by many at the time, I think it's really successful. I visited The Cutty Sark prior to the fire and after re-opening and the new experience is much better in my view. It's still great to explore the upper deck in the open air and peek into the various cabins, and check out the surprisingly large storage capacity below, but now being able to actually get underneath the boat definitely adds an extra dimension. It also presents a really nice photo opportunity from one end, particularly if you have an ultra wide lens. Standing underneath the hull at one end you can capture the entire length of the ship and the glass roof around it, holding it in place. The criss-cross pattern of the steel and glass roof is reminiscent of The British Museum. As mentioned earlier, I took this with the Olympus OMD EM5 fitted with the Lumix 7-14mm lens, set to 7mm for a 14mm equivalent field of view. For this kind of shot, symmetry and square geometry is critical, which means positioning yourself exactly underneath the centre of the boat and using viewfinder or screen guides to carefully line-up the shot. The fine-tuning necessary is best done with a tripod, but I didn’t have mine with me at the time - and I'm not even sure they're allowed down here. So I just had to keep an eye on all sides of the frame and try to ensure everything was square. Shooting handheld in low light meant I had to boost the sensitivity a little to avoid camera shake, although at least the OMD EM5 counteracts this with its built-in stabilisation. The final exposure was 0.3 seconds at f4 and 400 ISO. On the downside though, pixel peepers may notice some purple flare blobs - one of the unfortunate side-effects of shooting into bright lights with this lens and body combination, but it still remains one of my favourite pieces of kit. Post processing? None at all, this is a JPEG straight out of the camera! PS - want more information about this lens? Check out my Panasonic 7-14mm review at the link below!
+ Dalibor Mrkic as it happens I do have a version of this with the fisheye! I preferred the ultra wide one here, but I'll post it later for comparison...
Panasonic Lumix GX7 review - complete! After over a month of testing, writing and shooting across multiple locations in the UK, I've finally completed my review of Panasonic's new high-end mirrorless system camera! The Lumix GX7 is aimed squarely at enthusiasts with features including a tilting viewfinder, tilting touchscreen, built-in stabilisation, Wifi with excellent smartphone remote control, 1/8000 shutter, focus peaking, tone curves and much more. This all easily makes it one of the most powerful system cameras to date, DSLR or mirrorless, but how well does it all work in practice? As you'll discover in my review, there's a lot to like about the GX7, but equally a number of aspects which could prove frustrating to certain photographers, and maybe even rule it out for some of them. I've also compared it thoroughly with the earlier GX1 and G6, along with Sony's NEX-6 and what will probably be its two biggest rivals, the Olympus OMD EM5 and EM1. At around 20,000 words in length, I reckon this is one of the most detailed reviews you'll read of the GX7, so if you're interested in it or any of its rivals, please check it out! And as always if you like my work, don't forget to plus-one it! Thanks! cc + Panasonic USA , + Giulio Sciorio , + Dave Veffer
PS + Doug Kaye and + Frederick Van Johnson you may enjoy this review.
+ robert hayles your point about the 100% coverage applies to all electronic viewfinders. All of them offer it. So it's an advantage over some DSLRs, but not any live view systems. As for the handling, I've been using an EM5 for a year and personally prefer the handling in its naked form without the extra grip. It's all down to personal preference whether you want the extra grip or not. My handling score however refers to things like the controls, customisation, shutter response, continuous shooting, buffer flushing etc. But as you'll see clearly stated at the end of the reviews, the scores are only relative to cameras of the same year. My OMD EM5 scores are for a camera reviewed over a year ago, whereas the GX7 is relative to this year's models. So their scores for quality, handling, value and everything else are not comparable, sorry! If the scores didn't effectively reset every year there'd be no way to score anything as all models improve in some respect. Hope that all makes sense.
Thanks + Giulio Sciorio ! I just wish the viewfinder tech and shape were different! How effective did you find the stabilisation in practice? I just couldn't get mine to do much with any lens...
I know what you mean about the thumb access + Carl Roach , I think the GX7 may be designed more for the larger handed photographer! It wasn't a problem for me though.
Thanks + Mark Hales , you're very welcome! All my reviews end up being labours of love!
+ Mark Hales my second thoughts on the viewfinder are that I still think it's the wrong shape for a stills camera and the wrong tech for me personally.
Is this the best multi-function colour laser? As a product tester and tech journalist, I'm normally the one who's suggesting the best things to buy! But today I'm after your advice. I'm in the market for a colour laser printer - not for photos, but for text and graphics - which also preferably has copy and scan capabilities (I can give or take fax), and also networking both wired and wireless, preferably also with Airprint support for Apple's iOS devices. Phew! Is that a tall order or quite possible? I've found a few which fit the bill, with the HP LaserJet Pro 200 color MFP M276nw looking like the most likely candidate right now. It doesn't need to be quick and while duplexing would be nice, it's not necessary. So do any of you own one, or a different model you can recommend - or equally steer me away from? I'm not after an inkjet as they give me nothing but trouble! #HP
Thanks for everyone's tips! + Guy Swarbrick I'd prefer a laser as I've wasted so much money on inkjets in the past. I find inkjets are great if you use them often, and they can make lovely photo prints too, but if you don't use them for a few weeks they can dry up and you end up squirting half your ink away in the cleaning process. Whereas my old mono laser was always ready for action even if it hand't been used for 6 months. So basically it's a replacement for my mono laser I'm after, so I thought I'd go for colour and also scanning / copying capabilities if possible. I also need to connect iOS devices, so that's a factor too.
Does anyone have any experience with Samsung lasers? They seem to have the right feature-set but I'm not sure about the quality...
+ Guy Swarbrick yes it was an Epson inkjet! Lovely quality, but impossible for occasional use. So what's the longest gap you've managed between prints with your inkjet without needing 'cleaning'?
Ah but inkjet printer hardware has always been cheap, it's the ink which gets you! + Guy Swarbrick how much are the cartridges for yours and how many prints you you normally get? (cor, this is beginning to sound like a PCW group test!)
Thanks Guy, although I should say in over ten years I only used 1.5 toner carts on my laser. That said I didn't have kids then.
This is where it all began You're looking at my first 'proper' camera, a Praktica MTL3. I inherited this from my father in 1984 after several years of mucking about with various 110 and disc cameras. But this was serious, a 35mm film SLR with complete manual control. In fact everything was manual: the focus, the exposure, the film wind-on. But I loved it. The seeds were sown for my future in photography and camera testing when I was just in my mid-teens. I really went for it too - instead of documenting family outings, I pointing my camera into the sky at night, transfixed by subsequent star trails. Likewise for fireworks, bonfires, satellites, anything which went overhead in the dark. I then experimented further by using flashlights to freeze action, again taking place in pitch darkness, from exploding water-filled balloons to me jumping in the air and appearing on the photo several times. Believe me when I say my cable release was my best friend! I also persuaded my Mum to let me convert one of our bathrooms into a darkroom, which is a process that doesn't reverse very well, let me tell you. After this came two Pentax SLRs, an MX and the popular ME Super. After that two Nikon SLRs, followed by a couple of Canon SLRs including the EOS 5 in the early Nineties, I think the first camera with three AF points! Later I went medium-format and digital simultaneously, but not with the same camera of course! I used single-digit Megapixel Sony Cyber-shots alongside a Mamiya 7II which took massive 6x7cm franes. After that came a series of DSLRs and the rest, as they say is history. During that time I was a technical journalist at a computer magazine, specializing in imaging devices and cameras from the early Nineties onwards. Then in 2005, after freelancing for various camera magazines, I launched Cameralabs, which became my full time job a couple of years later. If you're interested in camera and equipment reviews, please check it out at the link below - and don't forget to plus-one it if you like my work! So where did it start for you? What was your first camera?
I'm loving all these comments and stories about all your first cameras! It's also great to hear from so many people who also started with Praktica MTLs! Keep them coming!
Tasty Indian Street food! (In Brighton, UK) This is a Mumbai Beach Chaat, a delicious traditional Indian street food snack, from the fabulous Ahimsa food stand at Streetdiner in Brighton every Friday lunchtime. They normally serve a portion that would do you for lunch, but today started doing a smaller cone-sized sampler that's great if you fancy giving it a try, or even trying one of each of their Chaats! This one contains chickpeas, crunchy sev, tamarind, pomegranate & more! Food photography is an art to itself and I don't pretend to be any good at it, but I quite like the way this one turned out. Taken handheld on the stand with an Olympus OMD EM5 and Olympus 45mm f1.8 at f1.8. This is an out of camera JPEG. PS - my review of this lens (a must for every M4/3 owner) is at:
Canon SX510 HS review Hi everyone, I'm pleased to publish another one of the first reviews you'll find of a brand new Canon camera! This time it's the turn of the PowerShot SX510 HS, a relatively compact and low-cost 30x super-zoom camera. It's the successor to the SX500 IS which proved to be one of Canon's best sellers last year, and improves on the photo and video quality along with adding Wifi. Find out how it performs and crucially how it compares in features and quality against one of its biggest rivals from Nikon in our Canon PowerShot SX510 HS review!
Brighton Beach time-lapse with Canon S120 You wouldn't have known it was October in Brighton today! Here's a short timelapse with the miniature effect I filmed as part of my on-going Canon S120 review. Lovely weather! You can find seven sample movies and a bunch of sample images at the link below and check back soon for some comparative results!
It's shaping up nicely + Dave Oplinger !
I NEED YOUR HELP ... with a photography related survey for my master thesis. You can win a prize!! https://qtrial.qualtrics.com/SE/?SID=SV_eX7XPOy8ABsFHUh Reasons to participate: - You can win a $120 Amazon gift card - You help me graduate (for which I'll be eternally grateful) - You will contribute to science (I think that's pretty cool anyway) I need at least 300 people to fill out my survey to graduate, so if you could share this with your photography friends, I would greatly appreciate it! Please fill out the survey and let me know you have done so, and I'll gladly comment on / +1 a number of your pictures. If you have any feedback on the survey, please don't post it in the comments, as that might influence the results of others. You can always write me a private post instead by sharing a message with me only and tagging me in it. #survey #thesis #help #helpouts #photography
Nikon D610 preview! Nikon has just announced the D610, a 'budget' full-frame DSLR, aimed at enthusiasts upgrading from mid-range models or pros looking for an affordable backup for a higher-end body. It replaces the one-year-old D600 and like that model is positioned roughly between the full-frame D800 and the crop-format D7100. Find out what's new and how it compares to the Canon EOS 6D in my Nikon D610 preview!
Visiting Chicago! (probably) Are there any Chicago-based photographers around here? I may have a brief visit to the city at the end of the month, so if it all pans-out, be great to meet up with some local photogs (especially if they also know the best places to eat!) #Chicago
The Dome from behind bars I'm always looking for something to frame a shot, or get in the way in a (hopefully) creative fashion! This photo shows one of the domes of The Royal Naval College in Greenwich, London, taken from behind a window in the opposite dome! See those square windows on the dome? I'm basically looking through one of them on the other dome, but rather than pressing up against the glass, or better still opening the window where possible, I decided to back-up a little and make the window leading a feature. When geometry is important to a composition, it always pays to stand square to the subject and line-it up using any alignment guides; I also find it handy to count the number of lines on the subject to make sure you really do have it in the middle and not just to one side. I took this with the new Canon PowerShot S120 which I'm currently reviewing, and you can download this and many other images in their original formats at the link below; I've also added some 1080/60p videos too! The S120 has a bigger sensor than most point-and-shoots, but one that's smaller than most system cameras. The sensor size has actually helped here as (coupled with a shorter focal length lens) it delivers a larger inherent depth of field. Bottom line? It was easier to keep the window bars and the distant building both in focus than it would have been with a larger format camera.
+ Anthony Owen-Jones and + Andy Bitterer I don't know why you're tagged as being with me in this photo - bizarre G+ error, sorry.
Hi everyone, thanks for a wonderful weekend - it was great to meet you all and I'm already looking forward to doing it again! I'm also hoping to catch up with lots of you around the Uk and Europe during my various travels. Many thanks to + Athena Carey , + John Dunne and + Andy Bitterer for organising it and of course to + Stuart Dyckhoff for his consistent (yet unsuccessful) attempts to run me off the road. See you all soon! PS - I'd find it reassuring to learn if + Joel Karlsson made it home...
But seriously folks, has anyone heard from him?
You don't know how relieved we all are + Joel Karlsson ! Great to meet you, and glad we didn't lose you this weekend!
+ John Dunne it was a pleasure to meet you too, and yes I'll definitely be joining you in Scotland! I was also hoping to glean some tips from you over the weekend, so I guess that means I may be paying a visit to Ireland sooner rather than later!
Scotland is definitely a yes + Athena Carey ! Not sure I'll be making it down to Africa for a while, but should you ever find yourself on the UK's southcoast and fancy a look around Brighton, give me a call!
I've untagged you + Anthony Owen-Jones and + Andy Bitterer as you're getting tagged on every photo I upload into this folder! Sorry for all the alerts!
I've just arrived at Burngate Farm and am walking to Durdle Door. Maybe see some of you there!
Whoops sorry! I'm already halfway there but if you drive I wouldn't say no to a lift back! I reckon the walk looks like about 45 mins
Yep + Gerard Charnley we're hoping to be there at about 6:45am
+ Stuart Dyckhoff and + Gerard Charnley it was lovely to meet you both too, and I hope we can do it again soon!
The College and The City - taken with Canon S120 Here's a rare view from Greenwich looking down The Thames towards the financial city of London - in the distance there's two buildings of note, the tall pointy one on the left is The Shard, Western Europe's tallest building, and sandwiched between two on the right is the curved 'Walkie Talkie' building, which I think is the one now infamous for focusing the Sun's into a death ray. Or something like that. What makes it a rare view is the position of the photo, from within one of the two Domes of The Royal Naval College. These are not open to the public and access is only rarely granted. I was lucky enough to be invited up there as part of a recent Canon event to try out the PowerShot S120, and indeed this shot was taken with that camera with the lens zoomed-into its maximum 120mm equivalent focal length. Like many views in London I like the way it includes both new and old architecture, with the River snaking between them. I'm working on my review of this camera as we speak, but in the meantime you can download this and a bunch of other PowerShot S120 sample images at: PS - Many thanks to The Old Naval College, Greenwich and The Greenwich Foundation for permission to photograph in these locations.
Thanks + Capt Masat and + Doug Kaye ! It's quite an unusual view as hardly anyone gets to go up there!
+ Robert LeBlanc I'm at the beginning of my testing period, so I can't say much right now, BUT I can tell you DIGIC 6 makes the S120 (and the G16) faster at focusing and MUCH faster for continuous AF. Both cameras can shoot sustained bursts at just shy of 10fps. As luck would have it, I will be comparing the S120 against the RX100II over the next few days, so I'll be able to comment in my final review too...
Anyone want to see a bunch of 1080/60p videos from the S120 showing its continuous AF in low light? It's all at the same link as my sample images at
The Cutty Sark and London Docklands at night This is the bow of The Cutty Sark in Greenwich, pointing towards the towers of London's Docklands in the background, the tallest of which is Canary Wharf. I took this last night using the brand new Canon PowerShot S120 which I'm testing right now. I popped it into manual, set an exposure of 13 seconds at f5 and 80 ISO, before balancing it on a ledge and triggering the shutter with the self-timer. You can download this and a bunch of other sample images in my PowerShot S120 review-in-progress at the link below! Oh, you want some more info on the S120? Sure thing! The PowerShot S120 is the latest version of Canon's pocket camera for enthusiasts. Like its predecessor, it packs a 12 Megapixel CMOS sensor and a 5x 24-120mm optical range into a genuinely pocket-sized body, but the focal ratio has brightened to f1.8-5.7. Canon's also greatly improved the speed with the S120 firing an initial burst at 12.1fps, slowing a little to 9.4fps while memory remains, and the AF is also faster. Videos can now be recorded at 1080 / 60p, there's new Astrophotography presets, focus peaking and enhanced Wifi support for sharing. I'm currently testing the camera and ahead of my Canon S120 review I can share a bunch of sample images!
Thanks everyone! Ha ha + Theo Brookes , you're right! I spent a while trying to compose this shot to avoid Nandos in the corner, but just couldn't manage it without losing a lot of the buildings behind it. I always like to post sample images untouched, but if I were making any corrections on a personal version, I'd definitely erase the sign.
Anyone want to see a bunch of 1080/60p videos from the S120 showing its continuous AF in low light? It's all at the same link as my sample images at
Canon PowerShot G16 review ! Hi everyone, I've just published what I reckon is one of the first in-depth reviews of the Canon PowerShot G16! This is the latest version of Canon's high-end compact for enthusiasts and now features quicker AF and much faster continuous shooting thanks to the new DIGIC 6 processor. It can also record 1080 / 60p video, has built-in WIFI, focus peaking, a defocus effect, a selection of HDR modes and a particularly neat Star preset which can easily capture wide field star fields, star trails or even time lapse star movies! So while the G16 may look the same as its predecessor from the outside, not to mention having the same lens and sensor, there's a lot to get excited about under the hood. The big question though is how it compares to what's arguably the leader in this market, Sony's RX100 II. No problem, we've done just that so you'll be able to see how their relative resolution, noise and RAW results compare. So what are you waiting for? Check out one of the first G16 reviews anywhere! #Canon + Canon Rumors
Hi everyone, I'll be driving from Brighton to West Lulworth on Friday, departing mid to late morning, then returning to Brighton on Monday via a different town. Happy to offer a ride from Brighton on Friday, or to car-share at various points during Saturday and Sunday. I should have two seats, maybe three.
Fujifilm X20 review! Fujifilm's X20 is a retro-styled compact camera aimed at demanding enthusiasts who want high quality images, loads of control, a bright zoom lens and an optical viewfinder. The 2/3in sensor is larger than most compacts and features the same X-Trans architecture as the X100S and X-Mount mirrorless models. The optical viewfinder is a hybrid design which can superimpose electronic information, while the 4x optical zoom boasts a bright f2-2.8 focal ratio. It's a compelling combination of features, quality and handling at a price that's more affordable than rivals with bigger sensors. Find out how it compares against the Sony RX100 II and Nikon COOLPIX A in our Fujifilm X20 review! You can also download a bunch of original sample images including this one of the sunflowers by + Ken McMahon ! + FUJIFILM UK , + FUJIFILM Australia , + FUJIFILM Europe
It's time for: Canon PowerShot SX510 HS sample images! Canon's PowerShot SX510 HS is a small and affordable super-zoom with a 30x optical range that starts at a respectably wide 24mm equivalent. It's the successor to the best-selling SX500 IS which struck a compelling balance between pocket super-zooms and larger DSLR-styled models. Canon's kept the same lens, but swapped the 16 Megapixel CCD from the old model for a higher sensitivity 12 Megapixel CMOS which can also capture Full HD 1080p video, and has also equipped the camera with Wifi for wireless image transfer and remote control. We're well underway with our tests but wanted to share a bunch of sample images for you right now, including this shot of a town hall clock at 30x by + Ken McMahon - so check out our Canon SX510 HS sample images!
Canon PowerShot G16 sample images! Ahead of our in-depth review, here's a bunch of sample images taken with Canon's brand new PowerShot G16, including the one pictured by + Ken McMahon . The G16 is the latest version of Canon's iconic flagship for enthusiasts, so for a preview of whether it's any good, have a look at the samples below and check back soon for the complete review! #Canon
Heads up! Only one more week before the long awaited +UK Seaside Photowalk 2013 kicks off with a bang. No, I don't mean thunder! We hope you all booked your flights, hotels or B&Bs, rental cars, charged your batteries and formatted your memory chips, and whatever else you'll need over the two days in Dorset. Here are the final details for the photowalk. The links below point to a few Google Docs. You may want to keep those files handy (eg. in Evernote on your smartphone). Or you just print them out. Nah. Just kidding. Schedule Sun & Moon Times Tide Tables We are very excited to see all of you, many old and new friends, on those beaches, piers, seastacks and wherever we'll crawl around. Wishing you safe travels, good light, and low noise. Athena, John + Andy
The Grand National Not really, it is of course just a Merry-go-round, in this case in Albert Dock, Liverpool, but let me tell you the horse was still going for it. I have to say I do love these old fairground rides. They look absolutely fantastic and I'm pleased their owners keep them running. I took this photo with the Panasonic Lumix GX7 and its 14-42mm HD kit lens at 14mm for a 28mm equivalent field of view. It was actually raining at the time, so I bumped-up the sensitivity to 400 ISO for a 1/200 shutter speed. As usual there's no processing, it's a JPEG straight out the camera, and if you'd like a closer look at this image you can download the original via my GX7 review-in-progress at the link below. My sample images page includes a broad selection of photos, again all downloadable in their original formats. The front page of the review also includes a load of sample movies too. As for the review itself, I'm steadily working my way through it and hope to have it finished soon!
Olympus OMD EM1 vs EM5 vs GX7 - complete results inc RAW! Hi everyone, a few days ago I teased you with some incomplete comparisons between the new Olympus OMD EM1 and the earlier EM5 along with Panasonic's latest, the Lumix GX7. Back then I promised to reshoot my noise test and I've now done just that. Even better, Adobe recently released a new version of Camera RAW which now supports both the EM1 and GX7, so I can also share RAW results from all three cameras! So what are you waiting for? Check out my comparison of these three mirrorless cameras - and be prepared to pixel-peep... PS - suffice it to say I'm also working on my final reviews of both the EM1 and GX7.
Nikon 1 AW1 underwater system camera preview! The Nikon 1 AW1 is the World's first underwater digital system camera. Based on the company's '1' mirrorless system, the AW1 can be submerged down to 15m and is also dustproof, freezeproof to -10C, and shockproof to 2m. It'll take any Nikon 1 lens, but to go underwater you'll need one of two new lenses, a 30-74mm equivalent zoom or a 27mm f2.8 equivalent prime. As a Nikon 1 camera the AW1 also enjoys fast continuous shooting with AF and the chance to capture HD video and stills simultaneously. The AW1 also includes built-in GPS, electronic compass, height and depth indicators and optional one-handed operation. I had a chance to try it out at a Nikon briefing and you can find out what I thought in my hands-on Nikon AW1 preview!
Mono Shard This afternoon I found myself with about 15 minutes to spare before my train left London Bridge. Since I'm currently testing the Panasonic Lumix GX7 and was literally underneath Europe's largest pointy tower, it would seem rude not to step outside and take some snaps. So here it is, The Shard, taken with the Lumix GX7 using its Dynamic Mono Creative filter. It's an out-of-camera JPEG and you can download the original, along with checking out many more samples - along with a timelapse of The Shard which I also squeezed-in today - in my review-in-progress, linked below.
Thanks everyone! And glad you enjoyed the timelapse too + Julie Pell ! Amazingly I also wasn't moved on by any security guards, as London is very intolerant of people using tripods near large buildings.
The Weather Shelter Yesterday I paid homage to William Eggleston, today it's the turn of Martin Parr. You're looking at one of the beautifully ornate Victorian weather shelters at New Brighton, perched in one corner of The Wirral Peninsula, just a 'ferry across the Mersey' from Liverpool. New Brighton was developed into a seaside resort in the mid-1800s, and although it's fallen, like many other UK resorts, into disrepair (albeit now seeing some redevelopment), it still houses some classic architecture of this golden period. Whenever I'm visiting family in The Wirral, I always look forward to heading down to New Brighton, especially if I'm testing a camera as there's so much to photograph. All of the seaside and lighthouse shots in my Panasonic GX7 gallery (linked below) were taken here just last week, and my photo of the kids bike near the beach posted yesterday was taken just moments before this one. When I took the photo of the bike, I had William Eggleston's famous image of a trike in mind, but I took this photo of the shelter thinking it would be the kind of thing Martin Parr would probably like. I'm a big fan of Martin Parr and his work has certainly influenced me, but I'd completely forgotten he'd previously documented New Brighton in a collection I've almost certainly seen in the past. Had he taken the same angle? I'm not sure, but the same shelters appear in many of his photos, so they must have been in my sub-conscious somewhere. So this is my homage to Parr. My feeling is Parr tries to capture the tatty and often grim side of seaside resorts, but always with respect for the subjects and the former grandeur of the surroundings. I've tried to do this here, celebrating the shelter but showing its overcast and bleak surroundings. When shooting buildings like this, face-on, I think it's critical to ensure you're absolutely square to them and that there's minimal if any distortion. I shot this a little wide at 28mm equivalent, but avoided converging lines by keeping the camera level and positioning the building near the top of the frame. Had it been lower in the frame, I'd have been looking up at it and the sides wouldn't have been straight. This may have corrected the geometry without the need for a tilt shift lens or digital stretching, but left a big gaping space in the lower half of the frame. I kinda think I could get away with it for extra bleakness, but when someone walked across the frame I decided to react straightaway. I don't normally like doing street photography as I'm too self-conscious, but this lady and her dog completed the picture for me. I like the dynamics and motion in the shot and the juxtaposition of her modern outfit with the architecture that's around 150 years older - coupled with the apparent disinterest she has for it. She's focused on walking the dog, getting from A to B, and while the route was almost certainly chosen for the coastal location, I feel the shelter sits neglected here. Well not unloved by me anyway. I'm really happy with this shot. Mundane yet strangely classy. I hope you like it too, and don't forget to document these fabulous resorts when you get the chance as they're gradually falling apart and disappearing from our lives. You can see the original image and many more in my Panasonic Lumix GX7 sample images gallery linked below. I'm working on completing my Lumix GX7 review as we speak! + UK Photography Community
+ Brian Warkentine as luck would have it, I'll be able to get hold of a G3 over the next few days, so I'll try and remember to compare it for you! But one big difference is the GX7's EF os 16:9 in shape, so if you're shooting in 4:3, you're only using just over half the panel. I personally think the G6 and Olympus EM1 look much better for shooting 4:3 stills.
+ Brian Warkentine the 16:9 shape may not be optimised for stills, but obviously it's fantastic once you start filming video! At that point it delivers the biggest image of all of them. I'll check to see if it's the same panel as the GH3.
The Tricycle of New Brighton I blame William Eggleston. Whenever I see a kid's trike, I can't help but take a wide-angle photo at a low angle in an attempt to emulate his classic image and get a response from + Thomas Hawk ! This particular example was parked at the edge of New Brighton beach near Liverpool, UK, on a windy day last week, brightening the scene and just begging for some attention while its owner was off collecting shells. I took it with the new Panasonic Lumix GX7 mirrorless camera which I'm halfway through testing. I had the Lumix G 14-42mm HD kit lens fitted and zoomed-out to 14mm for a 28mm equivalent field of view. I tilted the screen up so I could comfortably frame the shot with the camera low to the ground. Otherwise it's all automatic and the only thing of note was that I used the Low 125 ISO sensitivity here as a test. There's a temptation to always use the lowest ISO for the best quality, but it's important to know the difference between the base setting and any extra low options. The latter can actually sometimes reduce the dynamic range and therefore should only be used to achieve a slower shutter speed or brighter aperture than the lighting conditions would normally allow. So unless you're in this situation, go for the base sensitivity for the best results, which for the GX7 is 200 ISO. As you can see in this shot, some of the cloud detail has been lost in the highlights but I'm still quite fond of the composition none-the-less. This photo is one of 33 sample images I've now added to my Lumix GX7 review-in-progress, and you can download and examine any of them in their original format from the link below. I've also added seven sample movies for you on that page!
+ Mandy Jones and like that I'm off again tomorrow! One day we'll meet!
I haven't forgotten + Thomas Hawk ! But sadly models and I rarely cross paths. When we do though I'll make sure I fulfil your request!
Please help me graduate by filling out this short questionnaire on photography: https://qtrial.qualtrics.com/SE/?SID=SV_72rb27JxiPUO6z3 #leica #leicaimages #amsterdam #holland #netherlands #tourist #camera #photographer #child #street #streettogs #streetphoto #streetpics #streetphotography #shootthestreet #blackandwhitephotography #blackandwhite #bw #bwphotography #monochromeworld #monochrome #monochromephotography #lifescenes #peopleandlife #happymonday #help Today is my favorite day of the week: #monochromemonday ( + Monochrome Monday ) curated by + Hans Berendsen , + Jerry Johnson , + Steve Barge and guest-curators + Dominique Hilbert , + David Orr , and + Martin Heller .
Panasonic Lumix FZ70 / FZ72 review - 60x super-zoom! The Panasonic Lumix FZ70 / FZ72 is a super-zoom camera with 16 Megapixels and a whopping 60x optical range - the World's longest at the time of writing. This takes you from ultra wide coverage of 20mm all the way to super-telephoto 1200mm. It also features 1080i movies, a 3in screen and electronic viewfinder, and in a welcome upgrade over its predecessor, the ability to record RAW files and fit external flashes onto a hotshoe. The headline though remains that massive 60x zoom which surpasses the range of the best-selling Canon SX50 HS. Find out how these two models compare in our Panasonic Lumix FZ70 /FZ72 review! + Panasonic USA
+ Mark Spearman we've compared the image quality between the FZ70 and the SX50HS in the review for resolution at various focal lengths and also noise.
+ Ingo Meckmann I'll check out the sound of the shutter later today and report back! + Jan Ohlhoff yes, only the A7r has the low pass filter removed. BUT only the A7 has the embedded PDAF points...
