Literally days after Sony CEO Kaz Hirai seemingly poured water on a Sony breakout in the U.S, today we’re treated to the news of three new device launches. The Xperia Z1, Xperia Z Ultra and the Smartwatch 2 will all be available to purchase in the United…
Yesterday, Google accidentally leaked the Nexus 5 on Google Play for some brief moments. This time it’s the retail packaging for the upcoming LG-made smartphone. The box, which was leaked by UNDERkg.com, has already been pulled, shows the Nexus 5 decked…
If you’re a fan of burning rubber on mobile and happen to be an iOS user then you’d be pleased to find that today Asphalt 8 Airborne, the latest title of the game, has gone free on iOS for a week.
AdDuplex, the largest promotion network for Windows Phone and Windows 8, has come up with yet another detailed report on the Windows Phone deployment worldwide.
We’ve seen it in red already, and we’re very certain it’s getting official on October 22. But now we’re seeing the Nokia Lumia 1520 in cyan, courtesy of a Twitter leak by Moroleaks. You can also see that third Live Tile column of the start screen, which…
New images of the alleged next iPad mini and iPad 5 have leaked just days before the Apple October 22 event. The images show the iPad mini 2 next to the iPhone 5s and with another iPad lurking in the background. The home button isn’t TouchID but a vanilla…
The international LTE and HSPA+ versions of the Samsung Galaxy S4 (GT-i9505 and GT-i9500) have started receiving their Android 4.3 updates, marking the first major OS upgrade for Samsung’s flagship.
Adding to the Nexus 5 fuel is another Google leak tonight. Apparently the screenshot above is from the United States Google Play Store where an image of the Nexus 5 is housed, showing the beautiful purchase price of $349 (USD) for the 16GB version.
Microsoft released Windows 8.1 today, and to coincide with the launch it has released a first-party remote desktop app on Android and iOS. Just like many other third-party remote desktop offerings, Microsoft Remote Desktop lets you connect to a remote PC…
Google had yet another winning quarter in Q3, bringing home $14.9 billion USD in revenue and $2.97 billion in net income, or $8.75 per share. This represents a 12% revenue increase from this time last year, and a 6% uptick from the Q2 of this year.
There was a rumor that Apple will announce their next-generation iPad in an event on October 22. That arrow of rumor hits right on target as Apple has sent out the invites of the event which will be held in San Francisco Hall at 10AM Pacific Time on…
The Angry Birds franchise is one of the most popular arcade games for mobile platforms in recent times. Rovio, the folks behind Angry Birds, is coming out with a new series dubbed Angry Birds Go!
Literally days after Sony CEO Kaz Hirai seemingly poured water on a Sony breakout in the U.S, today we’re treated to the news of three new device launches. The Xperia Z1, Xperia Z Ultra and the Smartwatch 2 will all be available to purchase in the United…
Earlier this month it was discovered that the TouchID fingerprint home button of the iPhone 5s fits perfectly into the leaked front cases of the yet unofficial iPad 5. Now, thanks to a leaked photo, the TouchID sensor on the iPad 5 is everything but…
The upcoming Nexus 5 has been pictured once again, this time in Russia. The new snaps show the characteristic Nexus logo on the back, which appears to be highly prone to fingerprints as well – something we didn’t see in previous leaked images.
Microsoft announced the Windows Phone 8 GDR3 update yesterday and many got excited over the news for the addition of a third column of Live Tiles on the Start screen. As it turns out, however, the third column will only be available for Windows Phone…
Steve Kondik, Mr. Cyanogen himself, has posted a screenshot of the new Samsung Galaxy Note 3 running the popular third party ROM CyanogenMod.
After the first launch of BBM on iPhone suffered massive issues and was eventually halted, we’ve been left wondering when, if at all, we may see the messaging service again.
Today we see some more images of Android 4.4 from ZD Net, who bring us these images and screenshots of a 2013 Nexus 7 running what is labeled as Android 4.4 KitKat.
Android has always allowed the ability to replace any of the built-in apps with something else. But while it is possible to do this for certain functions using public APIs, for others, developers have to rely on private APIs, a practice Google condemns.
The latest update to Windows Phone 8 was just announced today, but more importantly, a method for enthusiasts and developers who want to void the warranty on their phone for the privilege to install the update right away (instead of having to wait for…
Warner Bros has announced the release date of Batman: Arkham Origins to be October 25. The newest entry will be available on PS3, Xbox 360, Wii U, PC and for the first time on Android and iOS platforms.
Now that the HTC One Max is finally official, the company has outed a quick first look of the device highlighting its key features.
Many Windows Phone users understand the frustration of having to wait for updates while their carriers certify the releases, often months at a time. Microsoft is taking steps to bring newer versions of Windows Phone 8 to some users, namely developers,…
Microsoft has announced the third update to the Windows Phone 8, known as GDR3, or General Distribution Release 3.
HTC has just officially announced the One Max, its latest Android smartphone with a whopping 5.9-inch display. Styled similarly to the rest of its One series with an aluminum chassis, the One Max runs Android 4.3 Jelly Bean and the new Sense 5.5 UI, and…
We’ve seen the upcoming HTC One Max several times in the past, assumed to be officially announced on October 16, but most of the times the images were blurry and restricted. Not this time, though.
The race to claim curved smartphone display dominance has already started it’s currently between Samsung and LG. Late last week both manufacturers revealed plans or launched its first foray into the next phase of smartphones – Samsung unveiled the Galaxy…
Good Morning Geeks, leaked images of LG’s 1st Curved display phone are doing the rounds on internet! This might launch next month! Samsung announced its curved phone ‘Round’ last week, is this the new trend? Would you buy a curved display wala phone?
Black, white, red, and cyan were the colors mentioned in the first Nokia Lumia 2520 leak, and we’ve already seen the Cyan and the Red variants’ renders. However, a new leak, this time, from another source, seems to add two additional colors to the table:…
The Nexus 5 has once again found its way online, this time running right past the usual pictures and appearing in a 7-minute long video – courtesy of smartphones.sfr.fr .
A dictionary app is the least glamorous piece of software that everyone uses. On Android especially, Dictionary.com has turned itself into an essential service, since unlike iOS it does not support word translation and definitions within the framework.
Yesterday, an alleged press render of a cyan colored Nokia tablet was leaked, allegedly codenamed Lumia 2520, which will be available, according to the report, in black, white, red, and cyan.
The Google Search mobile app is a powerful tool and now the company has made it even better by adding a tip calculator to its laundry list of features.
Samsung always makes commercials people like to talk about. On that level, they are doing exactly what they need to do, because the first rule of advertising is to get people to talk about your product. But sometimes, a company does it so good we have to…
Sprint customers were the first ones to get it, followed by those on AT&T. Next in line is T-Mobile, who will apparently push out the Android 4.3 update for the HTC One sometime next week, according to Jason Mackenzie, head of HTC USA.
Google has announced that some changes are coming to Google Play on November 21, and that the tablet app section will take front and center.
This is a picture of Nokia’s upcoming Windows RT tablet. The Nokia Lumia 2520 has leaked online in the past, but not as clear as this press image posted by reputable device leakerEvLeaks. Apparently we’ll see this officially unveiled at the upcoming…
There’s a new batch of Nexus pictures floating around today, showing what’s purported to be the Nexus 5 from LG complete with plenty of looks at Android 4.4 KitKat.
The latest round of fresh Nexus 5 rumours coming out of the web is that Google will officially announce the Nexus 5, plus show all the finer details of Android OS 4.4 Kit Kit, on Tuesday, October 15th – not the 14th as previously rumoured. The date comes…
HTC has once again created an infographic that gives a hint of an upcoming device – possibly the heavily leaked 6-inch One Max that will join the One and the One mini. This time the graphic shows several popular trios in life and also brings their current…
