Sony Mirrorless Full Frame- The Future or Photography? I love gadgets. So it's no surprise that I make it pretty clear what I'm using, and occasionally, what I find intriguing. About a year and a half ago I bought my first modern digital Interchangeable lens camera and as I detailed here, I chose the Sony NEX system. Sony is a company that has shown a willingness to push the boundaries. Here are some examples: Release of the NEX (First mirrorless APS-C system), RX-1 (First Full Frame fixed lens Mirrorless camera), Focus peaking system, and the Alpha SLT system. They make the sensors used in Nikon's flagship Full frame cameras and the sensor used in the iPhone 5 and 5s. So, with the release and subsequent success of the RX-1 it isn't that much of a surprise that Sony is only a few days from releasing an interchangeable lens Full Frame Mirrorless system. It will use the same lens mount as the NEX system and the first 2 models will carry a center-mounted Electronic Viewfinder. Digicame-info.com posted a couple photos which have been confirmed by Andrea at Sony Alpha Rumors. To my eyes, the camera looks like a hybrid. The body and top controls are like an RX-1, the grip and mount are from the NEX bodies, and the hump on top of the body for the EVF that looks like an old school pentraprism box. There have been quite a few exceptional photographers that have moved to mirrorless systems as their primary kit over the past couple years. Trey Ratcliff recently started using the NEX 7 for his epic landscapes. Zack Arias is a hardcore Fuji X series user. TED photographer Duncan Davidson has been using the RX-1 as his main camera for day-to-day use. Aaron Courter, who is an exceptional Portland based photographer and a long time friend has been incorporating the Fuji X cameras into his personal work, wedding and portrait business with great success. I'm in love with the Sony NEX. I never even considered a DSLR camera because of the size, the weight and what I perceived to be its imminent demise. Up until now, you couldn't really get the same image quality and crazy shallow depth of field from a mirrorless camera, but I think the A7 and A7r will be the start of a large scale move away from large DSLR bodies for most photographers. Sure, there are some times when the larger camera really makes sense. The Mirrored design still allows for faster focusing in sports contexts and there is certainly an expectation in event photography that will take awhile to pass. In addition, the larger bodies do have many features still missing from the new breed of mirrorless cameras and certainly handle big glass much better. This is a moment. It feels like the rise of ultra portable notebooks such as the Macbook Air which have almost negated the need for more powerful desktops for all but the most demanding of users. I believe we are witnessing the birth of the future of photography.
It's very communal, and kind of cozy, and I could make a rocking tent on it. Plus more room to snuggle.
Here's the Nexus 5 listed on the Google Play Store with a starting price of $349: . by + Chris Smith #Nexus5 #GooglePlayStore
Doesn't bother me if it's LG, the N4 isn't giving me any grief, except since 4.3 I can't use 5Ghz WiFi. If it were a Samsung device, I'd avoid it like the plague. Also, the N5 link has been taken down since then, accidentally leaked.
Just noticed that + Google is giving us + Android 4.4 + KIT KAT just in time for Halloween. It's mediocre candy for the masses, and it's release date is an obnoxious trick or treat that needs to resolve already.
Sony Mirrorless Full Frame- The Future or Photography? I love gadgets. So it's no surprise that I make it pretty clear what I'm using, and occasionally, what I find intriguing. About a year and a half ago I bought my first modern digital Interchangeable lens camera and as I detailed here, I chose the Sony NEX system. Sony is a company that has shown a willingness to push the boundaries. Here are some examples: Release of the NEX (First mirrorless APS-C system), RX-1 (First Full Frame fixed lens Mirrorless camera), Focus peaking system, and the Alpha SLT system. They make the sensors used in Nikon's flagship Full frame cameras and the sensor used in the iPhone 5 and 5s. So, with the release and subsequent success of the RX-1 it isn't that much of a surprise that Sony is only a few days from releasing an interchangeable lens Full Frame Mirrorless system. It will use the same lens mount as the NEX system and the first 2 models will carry a center-mounted Electronic Viewfinder. Digicame-info.com posted a couple photos which have been confirmed by Andrea at Sony Alpha Rumors. To my eyes, the camera looks like a hybrid. The body and top controls are like an RX-1, the grip and mount are from the NEX bodies, and the hump on top of the body for the EVF that looks like an old school pentraprism box. There have been quite a few exceptional photographers that have moved to mirrorless systems as their primary kit over the past couple years. Trey Ratcliff recently started using the NEX 7 for his epic landscapes. Zack Arias is a hardcore Fuji X series user. TED photographer Duncan Davidson has been using the RX-1 as his main camera for day-to-day use. Aaron Courter, who is an exceptional Portland based photographer and a long time friend has been incorporating the Fuji X cameras into his personal work, wedding and portrait business with great success. I'm in love with the Sony NEX. I never even considered a DSLR camera because of the size, the weight and what I perceived to be its imminent demise. Up until now, you couldn't really get the same image quality and crazy shallow depth of field from a mirrorless camera, but I think the A7 and A7r will be the start of a large scale move away from large DSLR bodies for most photographers. Sure, there are some times when the larger camera really makes sense. The Mirrored design still allows for faster focusing in sports contexts and there is certainly an expectation in event photography that will take awhile to pass. In addition, the larger bodies do have many features still missing from the new breed of mirrorless cameras and certainly handle big glass much better. This is a moment. It feels like the rise of ultra portable notebooks such as the Macbook Air which have almost negated the need for more powerful desktops for all but the most demanding of users. I believe we are witnessing the birth of the future of photography.
I want to know what the reward is. How much is my privacy worth to + Google ?
As long as they don't take out "Festival of the Lion King", this doesn't affect me.
Joseph is waiting for the food cart.
Best part of dinner is the October pumpkin ale. Thank you + Kerne Husky , for letting me try his sampler set.
Unexpectedly saw this on + YouTube over the weekend. So good!
Under then banner of simplifying their array of plans, AT&T today announced that they're ending the availability of the traditional cellular plans on October 25 in favor of their Mobile Share plans. Mobile share, if you'll recall, is AT&T's shared data plan system, wherein you received unlimited...
I don't have enough fingers and toes to count all the people I miss from this con!
TV's with knobs?! I thought those were all banned in the DTV conversion. :o
Added a link to the post on where to opt-out.
Want this so bad. ._.
"Now, we talk about transgender. I have a former stallion who is now a gelding, because stallions get very aggresive. But he wasn’t trying to be a girl. We just made him into a less aggressive male."
Yup, or else we'd miss these gems of wisdom.
Click on the picture ;)
If a lion could talk, we could not understand him. Ludwig Wittgenstein Night, night! A lion yawns at the Conservators' Center. photo Nathan Schepker
BEST thing ever is now on Netflix! #TooCute
I don't know if the video is too HD or Dave Grohl is being too awesome, but I finally found a video that + YouTube on the Chromecast can't handle to save its life. It keeps freezing up, stuttering, and other general annoyances I thought were only exclusive to + YouTube on the + PlayStation 3.
Bravest Warriors Season 2 coming to #CartoonHangover Go behind the door... October 17th, 2013 #BravestWarriors follows four teenaged heroes-for-hire as they warp through the universe to save adorable aliens and their worlds using the power of their emotions. Created by Pendleton Ward, the mind behind Cartoon Network's #AdventureTime Subscribe to #CartoonHangover to be the first to see it. It's FREE! SHARE this post to help spread the word of Bravest Warriors Season 2! Don't forget to become a Warrior to be the FIRST to know about all new episodes:
+ Google Maps is doing something cool on our beaches with street view. #Florida
There. Another app finally supports Chromecast. Slow and steady, more apps are coming.
