The only point I would make is the full frame is much bigger than the APS-C not a little bit like was said in the review.
So, I was very excited that Sony was coming out with new full-frame mirror-less cameras. Today's announcement got me even more excited. Features like a headphone jack for monitoring audio while in video mode to go along with a mic input like my NEX-7 has are very nice. As are the level controls and a decent pre-amp. But I want it all. I want the higher line A7r with the better more modern sensor design AND the faster phase detection / contrast hybrid autofocus system and better build quality. Alas, Sony doesn't offer the faster focus system on the A7r as far as I've been told. This is a shame because by all accounts the A7r is the best of the two options for image quality. So, for now, I'm in a holding pattern. #Sony #a7r #NEX #mirrorless #fullframemirrorless
So, I was very excited that Sony was coming out with new full-frame mirror-less cameras. Today's announcement got me even more excited. Features like a headphone jack for monitoring audio while in video mode to go along with a mic input like my NEX-7 has are very nice. As are the level controls and a decent pre-amp. But I want it all. I want the higher line A7r with the better more modern sensor design AND the faster phase detection / contrast hybrid autofocus system and better build quality. Alas, Sony doesn't offer the faster focus system on the A7r as far as I've been told. This is a shame because by all accounts the A7r is the best of the two options for image quality. So, for now, I'm in a holding pattern. #Sony #a7r #NEX #mirrorless #fullframemirrorless
New Bill's Auto Body put the shine back on my 1994 Toyota Pickup:
iPhone Audio Options - All Price Ranges My google+ friend + Bruce Turner recommended this Comprehensive iPhone Mic Adapter cable for hooking up an XLR mic to the iPhone. iphone audio | example site
Here's a little of what you missed if you didn't watch hoopingLIVE last night: hoopingLIVE - Oct 14, 2013
For those who have still not stepped up from andriod to an iPhone 5s listen to this: + Dan McDermott + Sreek Menon + Michael Banks
+ Dan McDermott if this is true and it does good video I want one: #NEX #A7r #fullframenex
I show how to use the standard Apple ear bids with a 6 foot MUHSMF2M 4 position TRRS Headset Extension Cable to get good audio into you video simply using the builtin camera app. This should also work on andriod but I recommend that you get a decent phone like the iPhone 5s. for more options see: iPhone 5s Video Audio on the Cheap
yep, + Michael Tucker in my blog post I talk about a lot of them:
I talk about a fast, easy, lightweight external mic solution for getting good audio into your iPhone or, if you must, an andriod phone. The Rode SmartLav is so small and light you can carry it in your pocket so it's always handy. Just like the best camera is the one you have with you so it goes with an audio solution. Product links on amazon: Rode Smartlav Lavalier Microphone for iPhone and Smartphones: Glif Plus: A deluxe Glif package, iPhone 5 Tripod Mount & Stand: F-S(Y): i.Trek SUPER MOUNT F, Metal Smartphone Tripod Adapter: Also see my blog posting on this subject: iPhone 5s better audio options for video
VIDEO: Google Plus Week 10/11/2013 (HD) with clickable topic timecodes If you want a notification when I post this show, please let me know in the comments and I'll circle you! NEW SoundCloud Profile: NEW SoundCloud RSS Feed: Audio MP3 of This Episode: Live Viewer Comments: Flipboard Magazine: Panel: + Allen Firstenberg + Bruce Turner + Michael Banks + Andrew Cunningham + Craig Shipp + Brad Chasenore + Jacob Jones + Jody Raines + Anthony Clauser + Sheila B. DuBois + Sreek Menon + Moritz Tolxdorff Open 00:55 • Quick note about our switch to Soundcloud and our Flipboard magazines. Also, Dan will record a setup video at the end while everything is live. If you have any questions about the hardware, software, etc. for Google Plus Week ask below. 3:00 • Introduce our panel Google+ 07:50 • Community improvements. 17:10 • Google TOS Changes (including Shared Endorsements) To change the “shared endorsements” and for more info: NYTimes: 56:40 • Google+ Top Contributor (and frequent panelist) Michael Banks will be our special guest to discuss the Google TC Summit last week, as well as his Photo Editor challenge Moritz was there too! Google 1:37:00 • New Ghetto Chromebooks from HP and Acer. Chromebook Giveaway: 2:26:00 • Zarfos.com 3:03:30 • Dan shows his hardware setup again Video is here: Other Tech News 3:16:45 • New Yahoo! email looks suspiciously familiar. • Dan rants about Yahoo!s customer service. 3:23:45 • Aereo sued in Utah as broadcasters seek Supreme Court attention 3:45:00 • How was your Google+ Week? 3:37:30 • Coming up Monday on Our Android Week: Farewell Google TV, hello Android TV:
Pentax shaking this up:
Check out the banner ad below the jacket:
they just did it because their jacket was included in the video.
+ Audrey Scherer + Chris Voss sharing a fun moment. Watch the show at: hangout10 - Oct 7 - google sites
Audrey Scherer, Chris Voss, Jacob Jones, Michael Marotta, Blair Pettrey, and matthew rappaport
How cool is this? YouTube used one of my videos in the auto-created Drum Circle channel they made: https://www.youtube.com/channel/HCZz-F5zdwAyI
I didn't even know they did such a thing.
Here are two photos taken in low-light hand-held. One was taken with my iPhone 5s and the other with my two-year old iPhone 4s. Which do you like better? Both were shot using the default camera app. There was zero post processing.
OK, + Dan McDermott I added a third photo taken with the NEX-7 with the Zeiss 24mm f1.8 lens.
+ Jennifer Ruggiero casts the first vote for the 4s. Maybe she's a traditional lady?
Google+ did its thing with these Mount Airy Fall Festival dancer photos. Video coming later!
Thanks to Miss Frederick 2013 Taylor Lokey for appearing at the Evening On The Riviera 2013 event - ! The event raised money for the Frederick YMCA and Heartly House - - for video see There was lots of food, wine, beautiful people and some great jazz music.
i got to play in my HS marching band (Gaithersburg High!) for labor day parade!! Go trojans!
Things are heating up one the NEX FF (Full Frame) rumor front: + Dan McDermott this is getting interesting. + Michael Marotta #NEXFF
The next show is tomorrow morning at 10am USA eastern time!
The iPhone 5s GOLD in 64gig is the best phone ever made. Even the andriod fanboys who have reviewed the iPhone 5s say it blows away all high-line andriod phones in performance. It's not even close!
+ Sean Socoloski not according to all the tests.
+ Ron Z yep, it's all about everything working together. Apple has that down.
+ Sean Socoloski actually the 5s is a MUCH better device. Far from the same.
+ Dave Oniel if I'm going to pay big bucks every month for cellular phone service with a data plan I want the best hardware I can get and that's the iPhone 5s by far.
+ Dan McDermott 's fans finally decided the Google Plus Week show is just too long! Maybe bringing + Jennifer Ruggiero on will calm them down?
Maybe + Allen Firstenberg can calm the fans down? He always bring reason to the discussions.
I meant to say + Anthony Clauser and + Bruce Turner . My mistake + Allen Firstenberg
These short animations were made automatically by google+ + Chip Ridgely puts on a great western show!
