It's long been a mythical holy grail, but today Sony has made your dreams a reality. Meet the Sony Alpha A7 and A7R, the world's first full-frame mirrorless cameras.
LG's Curved OLED TV, the 55EA9800, is way too pricey for most, but it's still a game-changer.
For those with the space and the laundry, the Editors' Choice award winning Kenmore 41072 will fit your needs .
LG takes a swing and a miss at producing a winning 4K television.
The 2014 Hyundai Equus is an incredible value, but is that what buyers in the luxury sedan segment are really looking for?
The Frigidaire Affinity FASE7074NW dryer is a sound—and cheaper—alternative to high-end machines.
Last week we spent some quality time with Panasonic's Lumix GM1: the smallest Micro Four Thirds camera ever made. Check out our First Impressions Review for all the details on this pint-sized powerhouse.
Also making waves this evening: Nikon unleashes the 24.3-megapixel mid-range D5300 DSLR, plus a hot new high-end AF-S 58mm f/1.4G prime lens.
It's a big news night for the photography world tonight. First up? Panasonic announces the world's smallest Micro Four Thirds camera: the Lumix GM1. And there's a hot new 12-32mm collapsible kit lens, too!
The Electrolux EW30IS65JS induction range ticks all the right boxes, except for price.
The Frigidaire FGHF2366PF counter-depth refrigerator is a good choice, if you can find it on sale.
It's long been a mythical holy grail, but today Sony has made your dreams a reality. Meet the Sony Alpha A7 and A7R, the world's first full-frame mirrorless cameras.
Our very own Keith Barry explains why the Lexus LS 460 might be the most well-crafted luxury sedan ever made.
If you're willing to pay a premium, you might like the slick slide-in aesthetics of the Electrolux EI30ES55JS range.
ICYMI last week: our in-depth review of Samsung's revolutionary curved OLED television. Not only did it it set a new bar—it absolutely demolished the old one.
The Nikon D600 and Nikon D800 are separated by more than just price. Wondering which one is right for you?
Wish there were someone to help share the load? These French design students have just the thing.
Our brothers and sisters to the north excel at many things, perhaps none more than beer. Okay, and maybe clever beer marketing...
Is cheaper always better? For Fujifilm's entry-level X-A1 mirrorless camera, maybe not so much. Check out our full review!
Looking to fill your home with retro-appliances? Then consider these brands...
Samsung's latest freestanding gas range doesn't burn so brightly.
The Kenmore Elite 31512 washing machine is bland, but still a compelling option for large families.
This week we tested the highly anticipated Samsung S9 curved OLED, a pricey Nikon point-and-shoot, a decent laptop from Asus, and more. Read all about it in our Weekly Tech Roundup.
Yesterday we posted our review of Samsung's revolutionary curved OLED TV. Today we have a look at the company's brilliant mid-range UHD set—a product that's just a little too far ahead of its time.
Just posted: Our review of the Nikon Coolpix A—a $1,100 point-and-shoot camera that (surprise, surprise) doesn't quite live up to its price tag.
The Marshall Monitor over-ear headphones aren't the best value in their price bracket, but they're stylish, comfy, durable, and distortion-free.
Check out our review of the bottle washing GE GDT720SSFSS dishwasher.
Check out our review of the bottle washing GE GDT720SSFSS dishwasher.
We got it in our labs first! Samsung's S9 curved OLED absolutely crushed it in our tests—it's a new 10.0! Read on for the first in-depth review on the web.
How would you feel about washing a strangers laundry?
Six dishwasher innovations you've probably never heard of.
The Asus Taichi laptop/tablet hybrid packs two screens, but that doesn't mean you should buy it.
LG's mid-tier LN6150 LED TV has a great smart platform, but a poor black level hurts its value.
The Frigidaire Affinity FFQE5100PW dryer is a jack of few trades.
Eleven of the most beautiful washers and dryers we have ever seen.
In case you missed it: Our full, in-depth review of the new Amazon Kindle Paperwhite.
It might not be full-frame, but the new 24-megapixel K-3 looks like a big step forward for Pentax.
The new full-frame Nikon D610 is real, and it could be in your hands by the end of this month.
All the tech news and reviews that are fit for print—it's our weekly roundup!
