First Sony Full-Frame A7 and A7r Photos Leaked! The first full-sized, good resolution photos of the upcoming Sony A7 and A7r E-Mount full-frame cameras have leaked!
All hail the last True champion of Islam! Perkasa who seems to understand #islam better than anyone else in the world! Claiming that Arabs and Indonesians aren't qualified to weigh in on the usage of the term "Allah" #malaysia #allah #perkasa #idiocy
Are you new to landscape photography? Do you keep ending up with over exposed images, especially when it comes to capturing the sky? Well here are a few tips about controlling your exposure to help you capture the perfect landscape. #photography
Thanks for adding bramping into the latest version. Hope to see more features in the near future.
FYI - introductory pricing for our new iPad app "The Photographer’s Transit" will end on Tuesday. Get it now! Photo Transit is a great complement to TPE on iPad - use it to visualize field of view, elevation profiles, control a virtual Street View camera, and to build and share your shot lists. #photography #apps #sale
Have you ever thought about why most professional photographers choose to focus on a single type of photography? Such as "Wedding", "HDR", or "Landscape" photography. In my latest blog post I talk about pros and cons of this choice as discuss why I enjoy having a broader range of focus in the work that I do.
Creative #Photography : Using Human Element Do you avoid the human elements or use them? Here is an article what we wrote a while ago that talks about breaking the rule of capturing pristine nature. We used the human elements in our composition to make it more engaging. Enjoy & Share. ____________ #landscapephotography
We discuss the new features and specifications on the Fujifilm X-E2 in our latest Google+ Hangout. #photography #fujifilm #fujifilmxe2 #fujixe2 #fuji
There are a million and one photoshop tutorials out there, but these are probably fairly unique because the photographer, Lee Varis, is using some very old-school techniques (using channels to adjust the contrast of an image). The beauty of using these techniques is you rarely have to touch a brush for masking and only occasionally have to use a curve or levels adjustment. You use the magnify the contrast built into the image itself by using Apply Image and Apply Modes in the layers palette. Cool stuff...
"Most amateurs are afraid to show their mistakes. Worse still, they immediately delete them." From + Thom Hogan 's current teaching point:
Sony Alpha A7 video demo! At the Sony press event I took time out to film a video demo of the new Alpha A7 and A7r full-frame mirrorless cameras which explains the new features, shows how their size compares to Micro Four Thirds and also discusses the death of the NEX brand! Give me 15 minutes and I'll tell you everything you need to know, or at least most of the good stuff! + Sony My hands-on preview article with further details is linked below:
F Stop Lounge Contributor Andrew Newlun of Newtography goes over the basics of photography with the exposure triangle.
this clip from + Howard Pinsky is brilliant and easy to follow
Do you own a Fujifilm X100? Fujifilm have just released a new firmware for the very popular X100. It's free and contains some great updates. Learn more here: #fujifilm #x100 #fujix100 #fujifilmx100
If you don't currently have Comet ISON showing in Stellarium (you DO have Stellarium, right?), here's how to add it. Via UP Astronomical Society
Turn Day into Night in Photoshop! (Photoshop CS6) Use the power of Adjustment Layers and Blending Options to turn a bright daytime image, into a semi-realistic nighttime image. While these settings may not give you 100% perfect results, you can use the same techniques on your images with a bit of tweaking. This tutorial should work on all current versions of Photoshop, including Photoshop CS4, CS5 and CS6.
How Will the Universe End? What is the ultimate fate of our Universe? Will it end with a bang or a whimper? Here's my latest explainer video.
Learn About the Milky Way The word galaxy comes from the Greek word meaning "milky circle" or the more familiar Milky Way. The white band of light across the night sky that we call the Milky Way was poetically described long before Galileo, but with his small telescope, what he discovered was a multitude of individual stars, so numerous as almost to surpass belief. Today we know that the Milky Way is our home galaxy, a vast rotating spiral of gas, dust and hundreds of billions of stars. The sun and its planetary system formed in the outer reaches of the Milky Way about 4.5 billion years ago. See the Milky Way through Chandra's eyes. (NASA/CXC/A. Hobart) Related Link:
Fantastic Lightroom Preset Collection Bundle from + Nicole S. Young . These presets are top notch and I highly recommend for photographers. - See more at:
The Nikon D5300 might look a lot like its predecessor the D5200, but its 24MP lacks an OLPF for better resolution, and video mode gets a boost to 1080 60p. Read our first impressions review to find out more.
One photographic destination that I have always had on my wish list, but have never had the good fortune to visit is the continent of Antarctica. The striking ice landscapes and the wildlife there are absolutely unique. Now I see that Air New Zealand are currently running a fantastic competition where you can win a trip to Antarctica with National Geographic photographer Jason Edwards. You can follow this link for more information on this amazing opportunity: Antarctica. No ordinary place. No ordinary assignment. Jason is a world-renowned wildlife and natural history photographer, based in Melbourne, so this is a great chance for anyone with an interest in landscape and wildlife photography to join him.
In this video I will show you how to edit a RAW image captured by the new Fujifilm X-A1. Watch and learn as I explain some of the tools you will need to use in Adobe Lightroom 5 to get the best looking portrait. Enjoy #fujifilm #fuji #lightroom #xa1 #adobe #lightroom5 #portraitphotography #portrait #portraittuesday
The Photoelectric Effect Everyone has used a camera. Cameras can take pictures in visible light, or in any other part of the electromagnetic spectrum. The medium can be a charge coupled device (CCD) sensor, a film plate, and so on. Before Albert Einstein explained this phenomenon, light was thought to travel in the form of waves. Therefore, it was also believed that the energy of light was dependent on its amplitude. However, there was a problem which daunted all physicists at that time. As per the photoelectric effect, as light falls on a photosensitive surface, it generates a flow of electrons, that is an electric current. As I mentioned, it was believed that the energy of light was dependent on its amplitude. Therefore, as per this analogy, a bright light would produce a larger electric current, and a less bright light would produce a weaker electric current. Regardless of the kind (colour) of light. Really? This is where things went wrong. It was observed that on the same metal, a bright red light could not produce an electric current as strong as a dim blue light. Although we now know that is normal, it baffled physicists at that time. It was only in 1905 that Albert Einstein published a paper that explained the experimental observations of the photoelectric effect. He proposed that light is carried in discrete quantized quantities, and the energy of light depends on the individual energy of these quanta. This started a revolution in quantum physics, and Einstein was awarded the Nobel Prize in Physics for his work on the photoelectric effect in 1921. But an experiment performed by Thomas Young, known as the double slit experiment, found that light behaves both like waves and particles. This led to a new formulation. I had explained in a previous post ( ) that all particles have a corresponding wave, and vice versa, known as particle-wave duality. It was to explain this principle that he formulated a relationship, e=hv, where e stands for the energy of a photon, h for the Planck Constant (h=6.626 x 10^-34 J.s), and v for the frequency of the associated light wave. This basically means that the energy of a photon is equal to the Planck Constant multiplied by the frequency of light. Or, the energy of a photon depends on the frequency, and therefore the wavelength of light, since the Planck Constant is a constant value. The principle of particle-wave duality and the photoelectric effect perfectly explained the experimental observations about the observed behaviour of light. A bright red light was unable to create a current as strong as the one created by a dim blue light since the energy of photons depends not on the amplitude, but on the frequency (or wavelength) of light. Remember, red light has a lower frequency than a blue light. We now know that light travels in discrete quantities in the form of particles called photons. These photons hit the metal surface, and knock out electrons from the shells on the electrons of the metal, therefore producing a tiny electric current. The minimum amount of energy required to be possessed by the photons to create an electric current is dependent on the metal, since the metals with loosely-packed electrons are more likely to be stripped of electrons than those with tightly-bound electrons. For example, for light to produce an electric current when it hits a surface made of potassium, it requires a minimum energy of 2.0 eV. The metal used in CCD sensors is either silicon or sodium. Therefore, the magnitude of the electric current depends on the frequency of light, not the amplitude, when the metal being considered is the same. If we consider the frequency of light to be constant, then the magnitude of the electric current produced would be dependent on the metal being used. #ScienceEveryday #ScienceOnGooglePlus _Image Attribution: astrophysics.pro (
Living in a city gives us an incredible chance to photograph beautiful buildings and other architecture. Here are some tips to produce great architectural images!
The first shot in this article is perfectly timed.
