Sony's trio of inter-compatible gadgets, the SmartWatch 2, Xperia Z1 smartphone and the Xperia Z Ultra phablet, is now available in the United States: #sony #smartwatch #smartphone #phablet
Join Sissie Hsiao , Group Product Manager at Google, in a conversation with Zach Chapman , VP of Digital Sales, ESPN, and Matt Cooper , Founder at AdDroid, as they discuss the technologies and solutions that make cross-screen creatives and mobile advertising more accessible to the industry. The conversation will be posted live to the event page. Feel free to leave your questions for the speakers in the comments stream.
Come on, you can stand up and punch again!
Apple has sent invitations to members of the press for an Oct. 22 event where we are likely to see new iPad and iPad mini models: #apple #ipad #ipadmini #ios7
Sony's trio of inter-compatible gadgets, the SmartWatch 2, Xperia Z1 smartphone and the Xperia Z Ultra phablet, is now available in the United States: #sony #smartwatch #smartphone #phablet
Introducing the HP Chromebook 11, designed and built in partnership with our friends at + HP . It has all the speed, simplicity and security benefits you've come to expect from a Chromebook, with unique design elements that makes it easier to get stuff done. And all for $279. Look for it starting today in the US at + Best Buy , + Amazon.com and + Google Play and in the UK at Currys, PC World and more. It will also be coming to other countries in time for the holidays. Find out more on the Chrome blog: #chromebook #foreveryone
Starting today, things are about to get cleaner—and more colorful—in Docs, Sheets, Slides, Drawings, Forms and Apps Script. First, you’ll notice each editor’s product icon displayed in the header, which doubles as a quick link back to all your files in Drive. Next, you’ll see that the header is more streamlined and compact, helping you to focus on what matters most—your content. We hope these updates make your creation and collaboration experience just a bit more delightful. Enjoy!
Santorini Discount Hotel Booking Looking for greate holidays at Santorini? Santorinihotelsbooking.com provide guaranteed lowest rate Santorini hotels , villas, and Resor...
Google now lets you auto-share posts from Blogger to Google+. You can switch this off, but it's enabled by default if you connect your two accounts --
In the last ten years, AdSense has helped over 2 million partners grow their businesses. Tune in on Wednesday September 11, at 11:00AM, when the + Google AdSense team be hosting a special 10th Anniversary Hangout on Air for prospective publishers. If you haven’t yet signed up for Google AdSense or would like to learn more, this will be a great opportunity to get started. Several publishers will also be joining us to share their AdSense experiences. Hear why they chose AdSense and how it’s helped them grow. Join this event page at: to live stream the Hangout on Air on September 11 from 11:00am - 12:00pm PDT.
Think the secret to making money from an app is adding a price tag? Think again. According to data, 96 of the top 100 highest-grossing apps in + Google Play are free: #apps #googleplay
Google Chrome is the world's most popular web browser, claiming 43% of the global market: #googlechrome #browser
88% of clicks on mobile search ads are incremental to organic clicks. In other words, these clicks would not have been replaced by organic clicks, if the search ads were paused. This is powerful news for advertisers — mobile ads have significant impact and are complementary to organic search results. This trend was consistent across all the industries we studied. All verticals saw more than an 80% incremental click rate from mobile search ads confirming that this behavior is universal across verticals (see below image). Find out more in this recently published story by + Adam Grunewald on + Think with Google :
Check out these 5 useful Custom Reports in Analytics. + Greg Habermann shares his 5 most used Custom Reports in Analytics (and links to try them out for yourself) on + Search Engine Watch here: Greg's top 5 are: -Unique Visitors by Page -Conversions by Date and Time -Customer Behavior -Top Converting Landing Pages -Long Tail Convertors Can't get enough custom reports? Check out our solutions gallery for a whole bunch more to make your life easier at:
What'sThe One Thing That Keeps Searchers From Converting On Your Site?
19. Air conditioners and purifiers selling like hot cakes
The Top 4 Most Effective Calls to Action on Twitter
Instagram users have already uploaded 5 million clips in the first 24 hours. Were you one of them?
To all cool fathers out there, happy fathers day!
The GA Admin Experience: Better, Faster, Stronger We’re proud to announce the launch of a dramatically streamlined user experience for managing Google Analytics administrative settings! When visiting the Analytics Admin tab, you will now find all major settings readily accessible from this new landing page. As we launch over the coming weeks, below is what you’ll see. Enjoy the sneak preview & find out more in today's post at:
61% of internet users research online about products and services prior to purchase....that is the power of seo! You need to be on Top 10 (aka 1st page) of Google organic search results! Find out more on how seo can boost your brand >> seo.ericanfly.com
just opposite the christ church...by the river
Hi Calvin, any specific reason they wanted to change? what kind of budget any clue?
Analytics & AdWords: Better Together. Next up in our ongoing series of Webinars, join Googlers Rachel Witalec and Simon Rosen, Global Sales Strategy Leads, for a detailed look at how to use Google Analytics and AdWords together. Learn more in our post: In this webinar, we'll show you: -Why it's important to link your Google Analytics and AdWords accounts -How to see both Google Analytics data in AdWords and AdWords data in Google Analytics -A live demo of the reports and how to use them Date: Tuesday, June 18, 2013 Time: 10am PDT / 1pm EDT/ 6pm GMT Duration: 1 hr Level: 101 / Beginner Register at:
