Sony SmartWatch 2 launches in the US for $200, Xperia Z1 and Xperia Z Ultra tag along for the ride In case you missed it, Sony's own smartphone-pairing wearable got a refresh earlier this year, and it's about ready to take America. The SmartWatch 2 launches today, and you can order one for yourself over at Sony's dedicated store. There's no camera, but there is a 1.6-inch "transflective" screen, compatibility with Gmail, Facebook, SMS, Twitter and easy NFC pairing with any smartphone running Android 4.0 or above. If you don't already have such a phone... well, look at that, both the waterproof Xperia Z1 (HSPA+, $670) and the titanic Xperia Z Ultra (HSPA+: $649.99, LTE: $679.99) will also be up for grabs starting today. Both devices will go on sale in black, white and purple variants, although only the Z Ultra will offer LTE connectivity across the 900, 2100, 850, 1900 and 1700 bands. Waterproof or 4G-capable? Make your choice.
www.technologyvista.com : Pamiel HD-230A 1080P 3.0 Inch Touch 2700X Super Zoom Digital Video Camera For price and other detail: Detail: 16 mega pixels (interpolation) digital video camcorder 5 million pixels CMOS sensor 3 inch touch LCD screen 120X digital zoom, 23X optical zoom SD/SDHC/SDXC card supported (Up to 64GB) Built-in microphone and speaker WEB camera Anti-shake, motion detection function
www.technologyvista.com : Note 3 Android 4.2 3G Phablet, 6" IPS WVGA Screen MTK6589 Quad Core 1GB RAM Dual Cameras GPS For price and other detail: Highlights: Type: Touch screen phone Color: Royal Blue OS: Android 4.2 CPU: MTK6589 Cortex-A7Quad Core1.2GHz ROM: 4GB RAM: 1GB Battery: 4000mAh Li-ion IPS capacitive touch (5-points) screen Network frequency: GSM 850/900/1800/1900MHz WCDMA 850/2100MHz Dual SIM, Dual standby Dual cameras (the back one with flash light and auto focus) Wireless internet Gravity sensing system FM/MP3/MP4/Bluetooth/GPS function supported
www.technologyvista.com : The Revolutionary Touchfire Screen-Top Keyboard for iPad 1,2,3,4 For price and other detail: Detail: This revolutionary new invention is the thinnest, lightest iPad keyboard in the world! It snaps into place magnetically over your iPad's on-screen keyboard, and lets you feel the keys, rest your fingers on the home row without accidentally triggering the touch screen, and even type without looking. It is completely transparent so you can always see the keys underneath. Soft and supple, it allows you to swipe through horizontally - you can use your iPad right through it. Yet when you type, it responds with just the right amount of resistance and spring-back to feel like a lively and responsive keyboard. Amazing! When you want to use the entire screen, simply fold it down. The corner magnets keep it neatly folded below the screen. It also attaches magnetically to your iPad's cover when not in use, so it's always with you. It only weighs 3/8 of an ounce and is as thin as two credit cards, so you won't even notice it in your iPad. Sorta like the camera in your phone - there when you need it, but never in the way. Touchfire comes with a slim storage case, for when you want to store it off your iPad. Works With All 9.7″ iPads - the original iPad, iPad 2, and the 3rd and 4th generation iPads. 100% compatible with Apple Smart Cover, Smart Case and the black case for the original iPad. Will work with other cases as long as they leave enough room on the surface of the iPad for Touchfire.
www.technologyvista.com : Gollum the Lord Of The Rings 1/4 scale figure For price and other detail: Product description A brand new addition to 1/4 scale figures brings you characters from The Hobbit and the Lord of the Rings trilogy. Our first figure in this exciting new category will be offered is Gollum. The figures stand over 12" tall and feature amazing detail and articulation based on Gollum/Sméagol's appearance in Lord of the Rings. This figure is incredibly detailed and features over 25 points of articulation for endless variety of posing and crouching. This is the most accurate and most poseable version of Gollum or Sméagol ever released.
www.technologyvista.com : Sony Ipod/Iphone Dock Clock Radio Compatible With iPhone 5, iPod touch 5th generation, iPod Nano 7th generation, Charges iPod/iPhone While Docked, Dual 2/5/7-Day Alarm, Digital AM/FM Radio, Auxiliary Audio Input, Plus Remote Control Included For price and other detail: Description: Sony IPod/Iphone Clock Dock for iPhone 5, iPod touch 5th generation, iPod Nano 7th generation The Sony iPod Clock Dock allows you to play and charge an iPhone 5, iPod touch 5th generation or iPod nano 7th generation. It has a built-in Lightning dock that's compatible with this trio of iOS devices. The clock dock allows you to set dual 2/5/7-day alarms and allows you to wake to the sounds of your docked iPhone or iPod, the radio or a standard buzzer tone. It also features a built-in digital AM/FM radio with 30 presets. An auxiliary audio input allows you to connect devices with a standard 3.5mm audio output. The brightness of the display can be adjusted for easy visibility. For convenience, a remote control is included. Lightning Dock Connector The dock's integrated Lightning connector allows you to dock an iPhone 5, iPod touch 5th generation or iPod nano 7th generation. Your device will even charge when it's docked Dual 2/5/7-Day Alarms Set two alarms to repeat for the five-day week, two-day weekend or each of the seven days of the week. Wake up or fall asleep to iPod, iPhone, radio, or buzzer Built-in Digital AM/FM Radio Listen to local programming and set 30 presets (20 FM, 10 AM) ATS (Automatic Time Set) The correct EST (Eastern Standard Time) has been preset at the factory, so just plug the clock in and adjust the time zone as necessary Automatic Daylight Savings Time (Auto DST) When Daylight Savings Time changes take place in the spring and fall each year, there is no need to adjust the clock because the built-in calendar recognizes the dates and automatically makes the proper time adjustments
www.technologyvista.com : Logitech Rechargeable Touchpad T650 with Windows 8 Multi-Touch Navigation For price and other detail: Description: Fast, fluid navigation at your fingertips 13 gestures—Windows 8 touch navigation at its best and fullest Glide through web pages, emails, documents and more with simple, intuitive finger gestures Smooth horizontal/vertical scrolling Use two fingers for smooth-as-silk scrolling along the glass touch surface. Point and click anywhere Glide one finger anywhere across the surface to point. Tap to click wherever your fingers rest. New Windows 8 Start Screen gesture Three-finger swipe up to quickly access your apps, contacts, calendar and more. New Windows 8 Edge Gesture Swipe one finger across the edge from left-to-right to switch apps; right-to-left to go to the charms menu; top-to-bottom to activate the app menu. Pinch to zoom Two-finger pinch to zoom in and out of photos, web pages, documents and more. Plenty of room to roam Large, smooth glass surface gives your fingers more freedom to perform any gesture Perform gestures anywhere on the surface—even near the edges Embedded precision sensors deliver pinpoint accuracy and control Durable fingerprint-and-scratch-resistant design Non-stop rechargeable power Get up to one month of power per charge Easy charging with included USB cable—even while you’re using the touchpad On/off switch and low-battery indicator means you never have to worry about losing power again Plug it. Forget it. Add to it. Tiny Unifying receiver stays in your laptop and connects up to six compatible wireless mice and keyboards. Learn more > Eliminates need to change receivers or sacrifice another USB port
www.technologyvista.com : 3D Active Shutter Glasses for Enjoying 3D Video For price and other detail: Main Feature: High-tech design concept,human engineering structure design Comfortable to wear,and high-grade and fashionable appearance Right and left legs can be changable,it is suitable for any head style to wear The frame is made of environmental ABS and PVC,the material of the leg is PE,which is comfortable to wear The transmittance efficiency is very high to make sure perfect 3D effect 3D effect,the response time is 1.5MS,when you wear,your eyes are not tired
Human bungee slingshot!! Do you realize the physics behind it? Watch here:
www.technologyvista.com : Logitech M570 Wireless Trackball For price and other detail: Detail: A different kind of comfort and control Your coffee table. Your favorite chair. Your comfy bed. Now there's no limit to where you can get precise cursor control. This hand-friendly wireless trackball lets you work and play wherever you want. No mouse to move around. No tricky keypad leaving your hand feeling cramped. Just roll the ball with your thumb and click. Precision never felt so comfortable. Stay-put comfort Thumb-controlled trackball stays in one place No need to slide around a mouse or move your arm to move your cursor Sculpted shape supports your hand for comfortable control all day long Plug-and-forget Unifying receiver Wireless receiver is so tiny it can stay in your laptop Add five more Unifying-compatible devices like a wireless keyboard without multiple receivers filling up your USB ports Power to spare Go for up to 18 months without a battery change Uses just one AA battery (included) Battery indicator light eliminates surprises Work and play anywhere Get precise cursor control wherever you want to use your trackball Works on hard tables, comfy sofas, even your leg Compact footprint—great for tight work spaces with limited room to use a mouse Robust wireless Advanced Logitech 2.4 GHz for fast data transmission with virtually no delays or dropouts. Control your laptop, desktop computer or home theater PC from up to 30 ft. away** Quick-access controls Back/Forward buttons: Flip fast through documents, web pages and home theater PC menus Scroll wheel: Spin through long documents and web pages Programmable buttons: Customize them to help you do common tasks with one touch.
www.technologyvista.com : FAVI Entertainment Wireless Keyboard (Built-in TouchPad/Laser Pointer) For price and other detail: Description: 3-in-1 multimedia wireless keyboard (Keyboard, TouchPad, LED light) Built-in rechargeable more staying power lithium-ion battery 2.4GHz USB wireless receiver; works within 30M This is a handheld keyboard with back lit - With 26 PCS dazzling bright LED lights to help when using in poor lighting environments.
www.technologyvista.com : WILSON ELECTRONICS 801241 MOBILEPRO CELLULAR PHONE SIGNAL BOOSTER FOR CAR & HOME/OFFICE WITH 12" For price and other detail: Product Description MobilePro Booster Wilson Electronics 801241 MobilePro Dual-Band (800/1900 MHz) Cell Phone Signal Booster for your Car or Small Area in a building. Designed for portability, it includes several power adapters and is easily moved from your vehicle to your home, hotel, airport, or office, creating an improved cellular signal for multiple users simultaneously.
www.technologyvista.com : Logitech 915-000201 Harmony Ultimate Remote with Customizable Touch Screen and Closed Cabinet RF Control For price and other detail: Description: Controls your entire home entertainment system: Even controls game consoles and devices hidden behind cabinet doors and walls Powerful remote control customization: Includes the ability to create one-touch activity sequences, adjust and remap buttons, set device delays and timing, plus more Intuitive color touch screen: Swipe and tap to access and switch between entertainment activities with shortcuts for your most frequently used commands Ultimate convenience features: Vibration feedback touch screen, up to 50 favorite channel icons, back-lit buttons and recharging station Future-proof control of up to 15 devices: Works with 5,000 plus brands and 225,000 plus devices, with newly released devices added regularly to the online device database
New iPhones Score Well with 'Consumer Reports', but Display and Battery 'No Match' for Android Competitors Read the full article: Influential ratings and review magazine Consumer Reports has reviewed Apple's new iPhone 5s and iPhone 5c models, giving them high scores but calling the 4-inch Retina display and 8-10 hour battery life "no match" for Motorola's latest Droid smartphones. The full mobile phone ratings are behind the magazine's paywall, but the summary blog post outlines the magazine's thinking on the issue. The iPhone 5s tops the already great iPhone 5 with a surprisingly reliable fingerprint reader, a faster processor, and better-than-ever camera. And the affordable iPhone 5c is a compelling offering for budget-minded buyers. Consumer Reports testers found both phones delivered better performances than the iPhones they succeed—they even have longer talk times (a tad less than 7 hours). [...] Yet, battery life was still notably shorter than on other phones in our tests, including three of the latest Droids from Motorola, which ran for as long as 24 hours. Also, their small screens, while sharp and bright, can't beat the larger, sharper displays that adorn flagship models from Samsung, LG, and HTC. Many Android device manufacturers have been increasing the size of their devices and displays, pushing into so-called "phablet" territory, but Apple has so far kept to smaller displays facilitating one-handed operation. In a minor change, Apple increased the height of the iPhone's display with the iPhone 5 last year, but the 4-inch display now standard on Apple's latest iPhone and iPod touch models remains much smaller than seen on many competing devices. Apple has reportedly been testing prototype iPhone designs with larger displays measuring between 4.8 and 6 inches diagonally, with a particular focus on 4.8-inch models.
Adidas Is Peddling a $400 Smartwatch To Make You Run Better Adidas is the latest company to hop on the ever-growing smartwatch train. It just showed off its fitness wristwear, which goes on sale November 1 for a whopping $400. The watch is a standalone device—you won't use it with your phone or tablet. It has sensors to figure your pulse and GPS to track your route. It's also equipped with Bluetooth, which you could use to pair with wireless headphones and can send you training cues like your pace and distance, for example. Other details about what it will actually do to make you more fit haven't been announced yet. While Adidas says it's more of a "running watch" than a full-on smartwatch, $400 is still a whole lot to drop on a piece of workout wristwear.
FlyKly's Smart Wheel snaps onto your bike for 20MPH pedal assist In retrospect, lower Manhattan probably wasn't the safest place to try the Smart Wheel for the first time. Thankfully, the prototype wasn't operating at top speed when I hopped on, for that very reason. The sensation's a bit weird for those unaccustomed to riding with a pedal assist, kicking in only when you actually start pedaling and gradually reaching the speed you've entered in the app. In its final version, that speed will max out at 20 miles an hour, for up to a 30-mile range. The motor weighs about nine pounds, snapping onto the rear wheel of most bikes without much in the way of installation. Also of note is the ability to remotely lock the wheel using the app to prevent someone from riding off with the bike -- and if they do, you can track the thief on your phone. All of this is still early stages. The motor you see above is still a prototype. The final version will be offered in a number of different sizes and colors, assuming the company is able to hit its $100,000 Kickstarter goal. A $550 pledge will get you the Smart Wheel, along with FlyKly's Smart Light (which you can get as a standalone for $49). The light holds and charges your phone (via USB), while leading the way in the dark with an LED bulb. The company will also be opening up the app's SDK for use with additional hardware like the Pebble smartwatch. Check out a quick video of the above after the break.
Bagger 288 (Excavator 288), built by the German company Tyssen Krupp for the energy and mining companies Rheinbraun is a bucket or mobile surface mining machinery. When the construction was completed in 1978, 288 excavator replaces the NASA Crawler Transporter, used to the space shuttle and Apollo Saturn V rocket to carry, as the largest land vehicle in the world at 13,500 tons. - See more at:
How do you like this?
Mars Moon Phobos | ESA Mars Express This picture of Phobos near the limb of Mars was captured in 2010 by Mars Express currently orbiting Mars. Phobos is a heavily cratered and barren moon, with its largest crater located on the far side. From images like this, Phobos has been determined to be covered by perhaps a meter of loose dust. Phobos orbits so close to Mars that from some places it would appear to rise and set twice a day, but from other places it would not be visible at all. Phobos' orbit around Mars is continually decaying -- it will likely break up with pieces crashing to the Martian surface in about 50 million years. Credit: G. Neukum (FU Berlin) et al., Mars Express, DLR, ESA; Acknowledgement: Peter Masek. +European Space Agency, ESA +DLR, German Aerospace Center
www.technologyvista.com : SmartQ T30 10.1 inch Tablet PC Android 4.1 TI OMAP 4470 Dual Core 1.5GHz 2GB RAM IPS WXGA Screen 16GB For price and other detail: HighLights: CPU: TI OMAP 4470 Dual Core Cortex A9 1.5GHz GPU: PowerVR SGX 544 OS: Google Android 4.1.1 RAM: 2GB LPDDR2 Internal storage capacity: 16GB External storage: Micro SD card (up to 32GB) - not included Screen: 10.1 inch 16:9 IPS LED capacitive 10-point panel 1280 x 800 (WXGA) Front camera: 2.0 Megapixel Back camera: 5.0 Megapixel Flash: Flash 11.2 Bluetooth function supported Support Video Calls Online
Square Cash lets you send cash through email !! Read the news in full:
www.technologyvista.com : Ultrasonic Distance Measurer with Laser Point CP-3007 For price and other detail: Description: Measure Distance From 1.5Feet To 60 Feet Area, Volume, Addition, Subtraction Calculation. Accuracy 卤0.5% 卤1 Resolution 0.01M or 1/2Inch. Specification: Power 1x9V Unit of measurement Feet or Meters. Accuracy 0.5%+1 digital (2-60ft). Working Frequency : 40kHz. Working temperature: 32掳F to 109.4掳F( 0 ~ +43 ) Range 2 to 60 ft(0.50 to 18.288m) Visible Laser of 650M wavelength. Dimension: 15cm(L) x 7cm(W) x 3.5cm(H). Weight: around 200g. (excluding battery).
www.technologyvista.com : 100A Portable Cinema Projector For price and other detail: Main Feature: LCOS optical technology Movie,photo,music project anywhere anytime 6"to 54" projection image size Plam-size design for easy-carry and storage Supports SD up to 32GB Mini USB port: data transmission(slave) and host Mass storage easily from your computer(Windows xp/vista/7 32&42bits) Rechargeable battery provides up tp 90 minutes of playing time Support iphone 3G and above,ipod NANO IV&above Synchronize projection with YouTube videos, or photos(under slideshow mode)
Apple has confirmed the gathering on 22nd October probably to release iPad 5. While we wait with our finger crossed here are the expected features with in depth analysis:
www.technologyvista.com : DT-8806C Professional Non-Contact IR Body Infrared Thermometer For price and other detail: Main Features: Precise non-contact measurements Built-in laser pointer User selectable °C or °F Automatic data hold & auto power off Automatic selection range and display resolution 0.1°C (0.1°F) Set Alarm value (The alarm threshold default value is 380°C (100.4°F) Backlight LCD display Memorization of the last 32 measurements Adjustable audio alarm will alert you if the temperature is too high
www.technologyvista.com : Philips 431650 Hue Personal Wireless Lighting, Single Bulb, Frustration Free For price and other detail: Product description Meet hue and change the way you see light. Philips hue is your personal wireless lighting. It enables you to create and control light using your smartphone or tablet. Bringing endless possibilities to help you get creative and help you personalize your lighting to suit your and your family's lifestyle. Hue can help you relax or concentrate, change the atmosphere of a room, help keep your house safe when you're out, and even remind you of that magical moment on vacation. The possibilities are endless. This package includes a single hue LED bulb, which can be added to your hue system. This bulb requires the hue wireless bridge (included in the hue Starter Pack) to operate. With the hue wireless bridge, you can link up to 50 bulbs at a time to create a complete lighting system for your home. In addition to the wireless bridge, the Starter Pack also includes three hue bulbs. The LED technology inside every hue wireless LED bulb can display different tones of white light -- from warm yellow white to vibrant blue white. It can also recreate any color in the spectrum. And it couldn't be easier to install. Just pick the lights or lamps you want to give the hue makeover and screw the wireless bulbs in. Then turn the light switch on, so there's electricity running to the bulb.
www.technologyvista.com : WD TV Live Streaming Media Player Wi-Fi 1080p For price and other detail: Product Features: Enjoy Internet entertainment on your TV Play your personal media collection Built-in Wi-Fi and intuitive interface High-performance, streaming-ready WiFi Bring the arcade to your HDTV Audio Formats Supported: MP3, WAV/PCM/LPCM, WMA, AAC, FLAC, MKA, AIF/AIFF, OGG, Dolby Digital, DTS Image formats Supported: JPEG, GIF, TIF/TIFF, BMP, PNG Video Formats supported: AVI (Xvid, AVC, MPEG1/2/4), MPG/MPEG, VOB, MKV (h.264, x.264, AVC, MPEG1/2/4, VC-1),TS/TP/M2T (MPEG1/2/4, AVC, VC-1) MP4/MOV (MPEG4, h.264), M2TS, FLV (h.264)
www.technologyvista.com : iDevices iShower -Kids For price and other detail: Product description The iShower is a Bluetooth-enabled, water resistant speaker that is compatible with many of the most popular Bluetooth-enabled smartphones and tablets including the iPhone, iPad, iPod touch and Android devices. The iShower provides incredible flexibility by letting you pair up to five devices, enabling you to listen to streaming music from your playlists, music apps or favorite online service from multiple devices. Because it is water resistant, it can be used in the shower, by the pool or even next to you at the beach.
www.technologyvista.com : Thrustmaster VG Thrustmaster Ferrari 458 Racing Wheel for Xbox For price and other detail: Description Designed in Collaboration with Ferrari The Thrustmaster Ferrari 458 Italia Wheel for Xbox 360 is a replica of the steering wheel of the Ferrari 458 Italia. For the first time ever on Xbox 360 Thrustmaster delivers a replica Ferrari wheel at an attractive price for passion and racing excitement. The genuine "Manettino" dial offers a 2-position switch allowing users to directly change game settings while they race (such as changing views in Forza Motorsport 4). A centering mechanism automatically returns the wheel to neutral position. There are 8 easy-access action buttons, plus one 8-direction D-pad in the form of an "Engine Start" button. The Xbox Guide button with illuminated ring indicates the player number. The super-stable and practical V-shaped clamping system can be attached to any table or desk. The included Xbox 360 USB 2.0 Full Speed cable with InLine Quick Release connector (9' length) makes for a totally safe connection. The Thrustmaster Ferrari 458 Italia Racing Wheel is both Xbox360- and PC-compatible.
www.technologyvista.com : Smays Brand A1111 Black Japan Movt Quartz Dial Steel & Ceramic Watchband Fashion Wrist Watch for Female For price and other detail: Product description Zircon is a kind of silicate minerals, it is the main zirconium abstract metal ore. Zircon is a kind of special nature gems. It has higher refractive index and strong dispersion, colorless or light blue varieties after treatment, like diamond which has strong out fire phenomenon. Because it is very similar to diamond on the exterio, and therefore it is known as can be comparable with the diamond of precious stones. Electroplating is to use the principle of electrolysis in some metal surface with a thin layer of the other metal or alloy process, using electrolysis make metal or other material the product's surface attached a layer of the metal film technology and so to prevent corrosion, improve abrasion resistance, electric conductivity, retroreflectivity and enhance the beautiful functions. Quartz movement watch's allowable error range is 15 seconds/month. Quartz watch's travel time by the battery energy drive, general battery life is according to the movement of watch and decide from 12 to 24 months. If your watch has a weak report show function, when the battery is almost consumption finished, the second hand will beat every four seconds, if this occurs, you should be replaced batteries immediately. If not, it is possible to damage the parts, if you find time walk slowly, likely because of a lack of power, you can go to the authorized maintenance center to detect power. Gold-plated is to electroplating with gold. Homogeneous material gold-plated refers to process the surface of the gold jewelry by gold-plated . It means that it can improve the brilliance and lustre of jewelry.
Earth's iron core may have been squeezed through rocks A team of Earth scientists at Stanford University have shown that iron can flow out of rock at high pressures, yielding new theories on how the core of our planet formed. The team, led by Wendy Mao, squeezed rocks containing iron to huge pressures between the tips of a pair of diamonds, and imaged the result with X-rays. They saw molten metal flowing through the rocks. The exact process under which the Earth's core formed has been under debate for some time. The most commonly accepted theory is that the iron that comprises the planet's core separated early in the planet's life when the area outside the core was still liquid, sinking with gravity to the centre in a way similar to how wax moves within a lava lamp. However, Mao's results suggest a different process - that the iron was able to travel through the solid mantle later in the Earth's lifespan, percolating through to the centre. Their results were published in Nature Geoscience. "In order for percolation to be efficient, the molten iron needs to be able to form continuous channels through the solid," Mao told the BBC. "Scientists had said this theory wasn't possible, but now we're saying -- under certain conditions that we know exist in the planet -- it could happen. So, this brings back another possibility for how the core might have formed." That possibility means that the formation of the core may not have happened all at once, as previously assumed, but in a series of stages that then had an influence on the chemistry of our planet's interior. More work will be necessary to know for sure, but Mao says this knowledge is within our grasp: "We know that Earth today has a core and a mantle that are differentiated. With improving technology, we can look at different mechanisms of how this came to be in a new light."
www.technologyvista.com : Sony Portable Digital Tuner AM/FM Radio Tape Cassette Recorder & CD Player Mega Bass Reflex Stereo Sound System with Program, Shuffle, Repeat, 20 Track RMS Programming, 30 Presets, LCD Display, Auto Scan Tuning & Audio in Jack to Connect any iPod, iPhone or MP3 Digital Audio Player BONUS DBsonic CD Player Lens Cleaner Included For price and other detail: Product Features: Combining old & new technology, this is the portable sound sytsem with all options. Whether you're playing CD-R/RW discs, listening to cassettes, enjoying your favorite stations on the digital AM/FM stereo tuner, dubbing music on blank cassettes, or connect an iPod or MP3, this compact sound system does it all. Even better, it features large, easy-to-use buttons and deep bass thanks to Sony's Best Reflex Sound System with Mega Bass. Audio in Jack lets you connect any iPod or MP3 Player to hear through this system, or connect this system VIA Output Headphone Jack to an additional home theater sound system and hear your cassettes through the Home Theater speakers Compact & Lightweight Body with Large Comfortable Carry Handle for Easy Portability; Weighs Less Than 6 lbs and works on Batteries Measures only 14.26"W x 5.26"H x 9.1"D Inches CD Play Modes: Program, Shuffle, Repeat and 20 Track RMS Programming Digital AM/FM Stereo Tuner / Best Reflex Sound System with Mega Bass / CD-R/RW Playback Compatibility / Synchronized CD/Cassette Dubbing / Stereo Record/Playback Cassette Deck / Large Easy to use Control Buttons and LCD Digital Display / 30 Programmable Preset Stations / Auto Scan Radio
www.technologyvista.com : QQ-Tech® Newest Mini Wireless Bluetooth Keyboard Handheld with Touchpad for Android 3.0 + Tablet / Mac OS / Windows OS Google Nexus 7 / Google Android TV / iPhone 4 4S 3GS 3G / iPad 2 3 4 / iPad Mini / Samsung Galaxy S4 S2 S3 Note 8.0/ HTPC / PC (Bluetooth HID) For price and other detail: Technical Details Innovative Unique design; newest 2013 layout and functions guarantee the best handheld control than all other devices! Portable and elegant with backlight, enjoy convenient typing and multi-touch navigation right from your couch; Multi-touchpad and Scroll Bar--allows for scrolling, screen flip, mouse click and Smart Phone... Built-in rechargeable Lithium-ion battery and also auto sleep/wake mode; Friendly easy switch between Android, Mac and Window OS.
www.technologyvista.com : Sony ICFCD3iP 30-Pin iPod/iPhone Alarm Clock Speaker Dock with CD Player For price and other detail: Key Feature Sony ICF-CD3iPSIL : CD Clock radio for iPod and iPhone Hidden Sliding Dock Tray for iPod and iPhone Wake to iPod, iPhone, CD, Radio or Buzzer Dual Alarm with 2 day/5 day/7 day settings Preset Alarm volume for iPod, iPhone, CD,Radio Charges iPod and iPhone Large Easy to See LCD Display Remote with full menu Control for music functions ATS, ADST and NPNP functions Audio Line-In jack w/ cable Digital AM/FM Tuner w/ 30 presets Stereo Speakers
www.technologyvista.com : NEW HOT New Smallest Mini Camera Camcorder Video Dv Dvr Hidden Web Cam For price and other detail: Detailed item info Product comes With a 2000000 color CMOS sensor, the AEE MD80 video camera captures videos with impeccable clarity and acute details. Offering 640X480p x 25 fps resolution in the videos, this AEE camcorder keeps away blur and distortions. This video camera, with 80 degree view angle, lets you capture landscape videos on a wider angle. With an extensive memory support, this AEE camcorder offers ample of storage space. The thumb size manual alloy housing of this video camera offers reliability and longevity. Powered by the Li-battery, the AEE MD80 lasts for up to two hours.
This Slick Augmented-Reality Helmet Has a Rearview Camera, Weather Reports Watch the video: Motorcycle helmets with head-up displays and augmented reality were science fiction just a few years ago. But now major helmet manufacturers and startups are working to incorporate Google Glass-like functionality into their gear. The latest company to throw its brain bucket into the ring is Skully, but the Silicon Valley company isn’t content with simply providing navigation and phone connectivity. They’re upping the ante with a 180-degree rearview camera. The Skully P1 combines smartphone-pairing and voice controls with a HUD showing both turn-by-turn directions and a full 180-degree view of what’s behind the rider. According to Skully, that not only provides a complete view of the rear, but entirely eliminates blind spots. The Skully Synapse HUD is integrated into the helmet visor and appears to float around 20 feet ahead of the rider’s field of view. Although the map is persistent, two views are available: one with a simple design incorporated into the rearview display and another for more detailed turn-by-turn navigation. Skully claims the lithium ion battery is good for nine hours — a full day’s worth of riding — and the helmet will meet both the U.S. DOT and European ECE safety standards. The company has forked Android to create the Skully Operating System to incorporate voice controls, play music, get directions, and connect with both iOS and Android devices. And the company plans to release an SDK for developers later this year.
Steve Jobs' Former Girlfriend Chrisann Brennan Details His Early Life in Upcoming Book Chrisann Brennan was Steve Jobs' girlfriend during the early formative years of Apple computer, living with both Jobs and early Apple employee Kottke as the company was founded. Brennan has written a new memoir about her early experiences with Steve Jobs, called "The Bite in the Apple: A Memoir of My Life with Steve Jobs." While the book will not be released until the end of October, The New York Post has an excerpt that details many personal moments in the relationship between Jobs and Brennan, including Jobs’ volatile personality, their living arrangements, and his drug use and spirituality. Living with Steve in Cupertino was not as I had expected it to be. We shared nice dinners and some beautiful evenings, but we could barely sustain a sense of emotional intimacy, much less build on it. It was like a game of Snakes and Ladders, with Steve as the game master. The ups were hopeful and the downs were extreme. I didn’t know how to hold my own with him because he didn’t play fair. He just played to win — and win at any cost. Brennan details how their relationship slowly deteriorated as Jobs became further involved in Apple, and less concerned with the mundane details of life. Doing the dishes ourselves was simply no longer an option for Steve. He had entered into an elite world where others took care of the lower-level functions so that he could operate with more efficiency, on his presumably higher plane. Of course, it must have been sort of wild to have your genius recognized at the age of twenty-two, to be thrust into such a role of authority. Brennan and Jobs split in 1977, prior to the birth of his daughter Lisa. Though he denied paternity for several years, Jobs later accepted Lisa Brennan and went on to form a relationship with her. Chrisann Brennan’s memoir will go on sale on October 29 and can be pre-ordered from Amazon.
Nike Introduces New FuelBand SE With Bluetooth 4.0, Movement Reminders, and a Clock Nike today introduced a new fitness tracking bracelet, the Nike+ FuelBand SE. The new band looks nearly identical to the prior FuelBand, but with the addition of some color accents -- yellow, pink and red -- as well as a number of new features. The biggest technical upgrade is the addition of Bluetooth 4.0, otherwise known as Bluetooth LE. The Bluetooth tech has been built into every iPhone since the 4S and allows for low-power and low-latency data transfer. It also takes advantage of the M7 motion coprocessor in the new iPhone 5s. The new FuelBand also has a new clock mode that can show the time at the touch of a button. Other improvements have come to the Nike+ Fuel points system, allowing the band to track more activities and not track activities that aren't actually physical activity. The company has added hourly reminders asking you to move around for five minutes, in case you're too stagnant too long. You can also now double tap on the device to show the current time, resolving an odd omission from the last model. The app has also been improved, and now has a curve graph that encourages people to move every hour. There's now an intensity level that shows points as users are working out or doing some other physical activity — you can name these sessions, and share what you were doing with friends. The FuelBand SE will launch November 6th for $149, only for iOS. Apple CEO Tim Cook is on Nike's board of directors.
SPIN CHILL: COLD BEER IN 30 SECONDS Watch the video: Spin Chill: Kickstarter There’s no bigger buzzkill than a warm beer. Warm beer sucks, and there’s really no exception. Chilling a beer is no quick task though. Product designers have been working tirelessly to create a product that would allow drinks to become frosty within a matter of minutes, and the Spin Chill looks to be the one. Ty Parker and Trevor Abbot have teamed up at this year’s AngelHack to introduce their Spine Chill, a product that will chill your beer (or any canned beverage for that matter) in about 1 minute. Based on the concept of spinning a can in a tub of ice to create a chilling effect, the 2 beer lovers created a prototype adapter that attaches to a drill, allowing you to spin the can within an ice chest, chilling the beer in just 30 seconds. After some iteration, they came up with a 3D printed Chill Bit attachment dubbed the Beerouette that will automatically spin the can or bottle within the ice, without the need of a drill. If you’re worried about the can exploding – don’t. In fact it doesn’t even foam. The final Spin Chill product will chill your can or bottle of beer in a bucket of ice in just 60 seconds, completely hands-free. Watch the video below and check out the project on Kickstarter ( )
