I recall police citing that speed was a factor for a cyclist who was killed in San Francisco when hit by a car. No, not the guy driving the car. It was stated that the cyclist was going at a "high rate of speed". https://plus.google.com/116119420122834839490/posts/UBc7pqPregJ So, ya, speed is definitely one of the first accusations thrown out there (legitimate or not) when there's an accident. Funny thing is that nobody seems to question this. #ihatespeedlimits
Yup. There are hundreds of things that could be improved to make roads safer and clear of congestion problems before you even start talking about the speed limit. Lets start with why do we all have to get to work at the same time. Do we really? Or could cities with larger (and more diverse) population have better programs in place to coordinate travel needs for businesses? In my mind, law enforcement hands out speeding tickets like candy because it's the easiest to defend in court. Having an actual measurement of a violation fares much better in the courts than something more subjective like "reckless driving".
I agree with you for highways at least. It makes little sense to me that we would construct a very expensive highway designed specifically for high rates of speeds and then make an arbitrary (as this video shows) speed limit. Both modern automobiles and highways can support high speeds. This leaves us with ensuring that the drivers can handle higher speeds (very arguable) and ensuring that both the road system and cars continue to be rated properly for it. We can gather some clues, for instance, by looking at how computer networks solve their traffic problems. Not that I think there are 1:1 correlations there, but I think computer networks and the technology employed there can serve as a real-world model for how we can approach transportation problems. I digress...
"Back in my day, son, they let us drive 2-ton monsters wherever we please. We might go to work, go to school or go straight into another car. Didn't matter. WE were in control and that's what was important." "Wow, dad. Why was everybody so stupid when you were growing up? Didn't they know that people aren't very good at stuff like driving a car?"
system of a down- prison song The fact that we allow privatization of prison systems (where a company is incentivized to lobby for unnecessarily harsh laws to bring in more people, etc) seems little-known to most people.
