I think + Sony need to take a step back and look at the pricing of their games online. It all over the place.
I think + Sony need to take a step back and look at the pricing of their games online. It all over the place.
So + National Rail Enquiries / + National Rail why the hell am I paying extortionate fares?? I want a refund for this appalling journey!
The whole time due to lack of seating....
Does it mean I have a life if I have a Windows computer but multiple virtual machines that boot into various flavors of Linux?
Only one word is needed to describe this Street View scene, and that word is "Exterminate". Explore further on #StreetView on your computer or phone at . (iPhone users: Download the Google Maps app at ).
The big apple... See what I did there?
- Google might be revealing a ring - codenamed Sauron - alongside the Nexus 5 bit.ly/1hq4rtH
Aaah responsive Galaxy Nexus courtesy of CyanogenMod, how I've missed you! Not long now before the contract ends and I can bust the nexus 5. Looks like you'll be getting the nexus 5 too + Michelle Hudson , nexus 4 is now unsurprisingly out of stock
I know It was just for £150 is was a steal!
My god.... Some really really... REALLY fat guy has just made another guy stand up from 1 of two seats so he could sit on both!. Sorry but fat is where I say. You're own fault mate. Stand and burn those calories!
Microsoft has also unveiled the Surface 2 tablet today: #microsoft #surface2 #tablet
This is an interesting concept.
oh god no but I like the idea.
I'm not saying for environmental purposes, more just customization of a phone. I guess in theory it should be cheaper to upgrade the component you want to rather than buying a whole new phone. People will then start building impressive add-ons hopefully :-p To be honest I think it'll be the hacker/modding community that would use this if it ever surfaced
Another Raspberry Pi OS to check out
The Tegra Note will serve as the new reference tablet for the Tegra 4 platform NVIDIA has taken the wraps off the Tegra Note this morning, making the device that's been slinking around various wireless certification sites official. Complete with a special processor supported stylus, the Note...
Great move by #IBM investing (again) in Linux! When Ballmer described Linux as being "a cancer" in 2001 he took the glass half empty approach - whereas IBM had by that time already adopted the half full by investing in the OS in 2000 News image in today's Telegraph #technews #opensource
Why? Why can't I enter a verification from any browser +Microsoft Why am I forced to use your joke of a browser?
Well, when you put it that way...
I want to make bob
I'm going to do it I think. I love FrankenBob
I've been eating too much hors d'oeuvre
hehehe I love it. It's like taking the piss but not meaning too lol
Just opened the new Android release. KitKat!
So.... that's my Android Nokia dream out of the Windows (See what I did there?)
lol the shareholders wanted to make a move to Android but the CEO refused :-p That's not going to happen now :-p
+ HSBC Why does it take 15 minutes to order a new secure key? Why do you even use the useless secure key? I'm getting sick of having to replace it. Why do you give an 0845 number for me to ring to replace your faulty products. This should be a free phone being as it's your dodgy equipment that has failed. Really not happy with the service I'm getting and am ready to switch banks now. Once again I can't do any on-line banking for up to 5 working days. Your bank isn't open after 5PM so no use to me and I'm not ringing an 0845 number for telephone banking... Any charges I receive in the meantime will be forwarded back to yourselves for payment. Thank you.
yeah it's similar accept you don't put your card in. it just gives you numbers... Pain in the arse cause they are shit and always break. LloydsTSB (Or just good old TSB now) require no bullshit. Just login ID, password and memorable place. Which I understand is apparently less secure but I've never had an issue as of yet...
It's a large one.... that you can't fold...
£159 and £199 for 8GB and 16GB respectively.... BARGAIN!!!! Also Nexus 5 me thinks :-p
Yup! I'm getting this for Chelle now though. She wants one NOW lol Plus it means I'll have the 4 and 5 in the collection. I'm only missing the Nexus S now lol (Cheap ebay?) But yeah no point in contracts now with this phone. It's too cheap. (Unless the contracts com down ofc)
Fair enough buddy. I just can't be bothered with losing half my space to an os hehehe but I do know what you mean.
technically not a Nexus though
Indeed. ok maybe then :-p
OK so I was watching Netflix on wine and it was all working fine. I've now restarted to windows so I can do some bits on there and started up Netflix to carry on watching L.O.G and look.... The officially supported shit doesn't work! I think its high time + Netflix sorted their shit out and started supporting something other than Windows!!
Yeah the supported platform is just as bad hahaha Yeah to be fair I have been using the MK808 recently. Gonna hack the mediahint proxies onto it this weekend then I'm happy.
oh really? Nice. I'll have to check it out.
