October 15th Marks 30 Days Until PS4 Release: Sony Debuts “Perfect Day” TV Spot October 15th: 30 Days and Counting To PS4 Official Launch By Maya Mayfield 15th October 2013 Guy Longworth the Senior Vice president of Playstation Brand marketing for Sony Computer Entertainment America has just revealed the brand new TV spot, "Perfect Da...
DRIVECLUB Update: Delayed To 2014 DRIVECLUB Coming Early 2014 By Maya Mayfield 18th October 2013 Sony's Big Boss Man Shuhei Yoshida, had some disappointing news to share with DriveClub fans today. The eagerly anticipated racer will unfortunately not be launching this year with the PS4. This...
PS4 Diablo III: Reaper of Souls Will Be Playable at BlizzCon 2013 Playstation 4 Diablo III: Reaper of Souls Will Be Playable at BlizzCon 2013 By Maya Mayfield Oct 18th 2013 RSVP on Facebook here Diablo 3: Reaper of Souls has been confirmed as another PS4 release and will be making its debut appearance at BlizzCon 2013 Gam...
PS4 Available To Play Now at Select Retailers Locate and Play PS4 Now At Select Retailers By Maya Mayfield 17th October 2013 We are 28 days and counting till PS4 officially launches and Sony are offering you all the opportunity to play Playstation 4 at select retailers all accross the country. Starting...
flOw, Sound Shapes, Escape Plan, And Flower Coming to PS4 flOw, Sound Shapes, Escape Plan, And Flower Coming to Playstation 4 By Maya Mayfield 16th October 2013 Nathan Gary the Creative Director at Santa Monica has just announced four brand new titles coming to Playstation 4. The first of the four is Flower. Flow...
The Witness on PS4: Shows New Tiny Details in a Very Big World The Witness on Playstation 4: Shows New Tiny Details in a Very Big World By Maya Mayfield 16th October 2013 Jonathan Blow Creator of The Witness has just updated us with some new intel on the open world Puzzle game coming to Playstation 4. The Witness takes...
Playstation "Greatness Awaits." New Website Launch Playstation "Greatness Awaits." Launches New Website By Maya Mayfield 16th October 2013 Today marks 29 days until the PS4 is officially released in the US on 15 of November. There is anticipation in the air amongst Playstation Fans eager to get their hands ...
Watch Dogs Delayed: New Release Date Around April - June 2014. Watch Dogs Delayed: New Release Date April - June 2014. By Maya Mayfield 15th October 2013 Ubisoft announced today that their eagerly anticipated title Watch Dogs, will not be coming out this year. The news came amidst their earnings call with investors, c...
October 15th: 30 days and counting Folks, Check out Sony's new Perfect Day #PS4 TV commercial now.
October 15th Marks 30 Days Until PS4 Release: Sony Debuts “Perfect Day” TV Spot October 15th: 30 Days and Counting To PS4 Official Launch By Maya Mayfield 15th October 2013 Guy Longworth the Senior Vice president of Playstation Brand marketing for Sony Computer Entertainment America has just revealed the brand new TV spot, "Perfect Da...
Kingdom Hearts III Has a New PS4 Gameplay Trailer Kingdom Hearts III Has a New Playstation 4 Gameplay Trailer By Maya Mayfield 15th October 2013 Mat Kishimoto the Associate Product Manager from Square Enix, has just shared a brand new Trailer for the highly anticipated RPG Kingdom Hearts 3. Pre-order King...
Sportsfriends Vaults Its Way to PS4 Sportsfriends Vaults Its Way to Playstation 4 By Maya Mayfield 14th October 2013 Doug Wilson Producer of Sportsfriends has just announced that their upcoming PS3 game by the same title is making its way to the Playstation 4. Those who sponsored the PS3 vers...
Have Your Paint Job Featured On Ubisoft Racing Game The Crew Have Your Paint Job Featured On Playstation 4 Racing Game The Crew By Maya Mayfield 14th October 2013 Ubisoft are giving lucky gamers with a flair for art the opportunity to design a custom skin to be featured on their upcoming PS4 racing game The Crew when...
Battlefield 4 Official TV Commercial Shows Real Gamers Pulling Off Insane Stunts Battlefield 4 Official TV Commercial Uses Actual Gameplay Footages by Real Gamers. By Maya Mayfield 14th October 2013 Have you ever played a game and pulled of a stunt so insanely difficult you knew your friends would never believe you? Well thats exactly ...
#Shopto customer gets free #PS4 and Apology after confusion on #Twitter
The Amazing Spider-Man 2 Is Web Slinging To PS4 Spring 2014 The Amazing Spider-Man 2 Coming To Playstation 4 By Maya Mayfield 13th October 2013 Activision are working on bringing our friendly neighbourhood Spider man to PS4 next year. The Amazing Spider-Man 2 is coming to PlayStation 3 and PlayStation 4 in Spring...
#DeepDown #PS4 GIF Teaser of Fire Breathing Dragon and More.
Deep Down PS4: Gif Teaser Showing: Fire Breathing Dragon, Freeze Spell and More Deep Down Playstation 4: Gif Teaser Showing: Fire Breathing Dragon, Freeze Spell and More By Maya Mayfield 12th October 2013 Capcom's Deep Down is looking more and more interesting by the day, as we discovered these 3 GIF teasers. In these short visual ima...
#FictionalGames wants to scare the pants off you in their new bone chilling sci-fi horror #SOMA coming to #PS4
SOMA: Frictional Games Spine-Tingling Sci-Fi Horror is Coming To PS4 SOMA: Frictional Games Spine-Tingling Sci-Fi Horror is Coming To Playstation 4 By Maya Mayfield 11th October 2013 Fictional Games recently released a strange teaser on their website showing a strange object being investigated in a lab by a scientist of the ...
#PS4 Designer Tetsu Summii explains thought process behind his #Playstation4 creation.
Every Angle Matters Says PS4 Designer Tetsu Sumii Every Angle Matters Says Playstation 4 Designer Tetsu Sumii By Maya Mayfield 11th October 2013 When Sony Unveiled the PS4 back in February, there was a lot of discussion within the gaming industry about its graphics capability, its speed, how much storage i...
#AmazonUK giving customers a chance to upgrade Pre-order #PS4 to one of Sony's new #PS4BundlesDeals
PlayRoom Featured Game: Sequester by Armor Games Armor Games Presents: Sequester #SonyLuvsDevs and So Do We. Hello PS4 Fans and welcome to our version of the Playroom. We would like to keep all our fans entertained. So when you're tired of reading all the latest game news, rumours, video trailer and updat...
Strider Hands-on: Capcom Ninja Hero Is Back Strider Hands-on: Do You Remember Your Ninja Training? By Maya Mayfield 10th October 2013 In the midst of a raging snow storm and airships. Strider Hiyru the flying dragon dashes across the screen, hacking and slashing down anyone that stands in his way. St...
Injustice: Ultimate Edition Is Heading To PS4 Injustice: Ultimate Edition Is Heading To Playstation 4 By Maya Mayfield 9th October 2013 NetherRealm and Warner have confirmed they will be releasing Injustice: Gods Among Us Ultimate Edition on PS4. The ultimate edition is jam packed full of extra bon...
The Order 1886 New Info Leaked On Story,Guns, Graphics, and Gameplay Physics PS4 Exclusive The Order 1886 New Info Leaked By Maya Mayfield 9th October 2013 One of the major games, a lot of playstation fans are eager to get their hands on in 2014 is PS4 exclusive The Order 1886 by Ready at Dawn Studios.The game is set in London's vi...
Fight 18th Century Slavery and get your freedom as Master Assassin Adewale in exclusive #AC4 : #BlackFlag bonus DLC Game: #FreedomCry only on #Playstation
Fight 18th Century Slavery and get your freedom as Master Assassin Adewale in exclusive #AC4 : #BlackFlag bonus DLC Game: #FreedomCry only on #Playstation
Capcom is bring their old school Classic game #Strider to the #nextgen but who exactly is this Mysterious Ninja by the Name of Strider Hiryu the (Flying Dragon) Read on to discover. #PS4 #playstation4 #playstation3
Discover the History Behind Strider Hiryu The Flying Dragon Strider Hiryu The Flying Dragon Capcom's Ninja Hero Coming to PS4 By Maya Mayfield 8th October 2013 Who can remember Capcoms classic strider? We certainly can, and just seeing the new trailer below brings back fun nostalgic memories. For all you new skool g...
Discover the History Behind Strider Hiryu The Flying Dragon Strider Hiryu The Flying Dragon Capcom's Ninja Hero Coming to PS4 By Maya Mayfield 8th October 2013 Who can remember Capcoms classic strider? We certainly can, and just seeing the new trailer and screenshots below brings back fun nostalgic memories. For all...
