This is what I've been waiting for!!! Full frame mirrorless with interchangable lenses. It will definitely hurt the pocketbook though...
Box seats at the bulls game. The Chicago farewell tour continues.
Indeed Casio. I am on my way out. Going to San Francisco by end of year.
Quick, someone explain to my wife why this will be the most important purchase of our lives.
This is the last camera we will ever need/buy! I promise!
Heavy is the head that wears the crown. #WORLDCHAMPS
This is what I've been waiting for!!! Full frame mirrorless with interchangable lenses. It will definitely hurt the pocketbook though...
I have an NEX-5, and I believe you can use lenses from the NEX line with an adapter. So I'd save some money there (hopefully).
Selling two bikes! One IRO Jamie Roy (white) and a Fuju conversion (baby blue). Specs & Price are below. IRO Jamie Roy ($350) 7005 aluminum frame 50 cm Fizik Arione saddle Sugino 75 cranks 45x16 gearing Fix/Free flipflop hub Carbon fork Continental Gator hardshell tires Fuji Conversion ($300) Steel frame 50 cm Fix/Free flipflop hub 46/16 gearing Continental Gatorskin tires IRO saddle and cranks
Yep, but I'm going to get a mt bike when I get out there. You still have your gary fisher, right? We shall reign some terror.
Dang. Just sold t he IRO. Just the Fuji left now, folks.
It would be a tiny clown bike on you. The Fuji will fit someone around 5'4" to 5'6" ish.
Chicago Blackhawks season opener. Raising the stanley cup banner.
Spoiler alert: Its amazing. One of the better things I've read in a while.
The wife bought me a new sketch book so I've been busy putting it to good use.
Never too early to fish.
Someday the answer will be yes. That day is not today.
Finally here!
A little montrose harbor fishing in the rain.
So funny that I manned up all over myself.
Sad puppy is sad. =( But also kind of cute at the same time.
She came back from day care with a big cut on her leg. She will be fine, but the next two weeks will be sad for her.
Really excited about the upcoming launch of this "Design 101" course, "The Design of Everyday Things" featuring Don Norman and other luminaries...
Now I just need to get a motorcycle to match the jacket.
Why am I so enamored with the Moto-X?
Went to the AT&T store yesterday to check it out. Hardware felt decent. Couldn't play with the voice activation since it was too loud in the store. We'll see what the nexus 5 bring us...
Instrument of death, cut fingers, and waffle chips.
Homemade chips for our fish and chips. Seasoned with salt, tarragon, and truffle oil.
It was all catch and release today so we bought some fish to fry instead.
Caught 5 and landed 4 of them. Unfortunately it was the big one that got away.
Official licensed to fish in the great state of Illinois. You are so dead, fish.
Fast and the furious.
I have an NEX-5, and I believe you can use lenses from the NEX line with an adapter. So I'd save some money there (hopefully).
