Amazing how life has changed with mirrorless cameras and smart phones
You're right Frederick, sometimes we look too hard for a shot hey? That's a cracking photo. Thanks for that.
Makes me want to say something intelligent, but I can't think of anything that doesn't sound poetic, so I'll rush off into my day instead...
Terrific photo. I haven't even started into portraiture yet, I don't have a clue about it.
Looking forward to this one as well, but where did the RX1 episode get to? Keep looking for it. Have I missed it somewhere?
Terrific show, and some in depth questions and debate about where things are going. However, I still have serious reservations about this whole Facebook using photos commercially. Let's say I'm at a party and snap a shot of you in a compromising act that is embarrassing, and upload it to Facebook. Someone then uses that photo in an ad and it goes global, and you lose business and customers over it. You sue Facebook for using that photo of you without a model release. Who is responsible for the damages? Facebook? Or me for uploading that picture without a model release? There is much scarier stuff going on here.
Hi Darlene, the point is, who is legally responsible if someone sues Facebook for using photographs commercially without a model release? Facebook or the person who uploaded the photo? Let's not get sidetracked by debating my rather poor analogy
I'm with Photoshelter - their SEO features are brilliant and they work. Looking forward to this one!
Hi + Frederick Van Johnson here's that blog I promised on my change from Canon to Fuji.
You were asking us to suggest gear for future episodes, so what about photo editing plugins like Topaz and Nik? Editing software such as Phase One and DXO? Photo software is advancing at an incredible pace, like Topaz's amazing new Clarity (which I have my head around now and is my No1 go-to plugin), and keeping up to date with it all is proving difficult.
These are brilliant (relevant, entertaining, and informative) - thanks you guys and every success to you.
