Sony Xperia Z1: The Best of Sony What's the best in Sony? Well, their new smartphone Sony Xperia Z1 will tell us what. Sticking to their previous designs lately made of glass, Xperia Z1 also continues the legacy. Its front and back are made of glass and its sides are made up of aluminum ma...
Glimpse on the new Nikon D5300 Nikon will finally unveil its latest mid-level DSLR, Nikon D5300! This new model will sit above Nikon D5200 and below the Nikon D7000. Majority of the D5300's specification is the same as the D5200, but perhaps the one of the most significant changes from t...
Sony Xperia Z1: The Best of Sony What's the best in Sony? Well, their new smartphone Sony Xperia Z1 will tell us what. Sticking to their previous designs lately made of glass, Xperia Z1 also continues the legacy. Its front and back are made of glass and its sides are made up of aluminum ma...
Microsoft admits Surface RT naming caused 'some confusion' In the days leading up to the Surface RT release last year, Microsoft had largely failed to explain the differences between Windows 8 and Windows RT to consumers. The software maker picked the Windows RT moniker to power its own ARM-based Surface RT tablet ...
Battle of the Android Smartphones: Samsung Galaxy S4 vs HTC One vs Sony Xperia Z Three of the stand-out contenders for the throne of the best Android smartphone has put into a test. Which is the most elegant? Which is the most powerful? Which is the most approved? Which is the best among these biggest phones of 2013? Is it the Samsung ...
Unwrapping the Kit Kat As what Google says "Prepare for a sweet new treat", we absolutely should be excited for the releasing of it's newest and most advanced mobile operating system, the Android 4.4 or simply Kit Kat! Google announced the name of its next Android OS update last ...
Simple Java Notepad Application Problem: Using your skills in developing a Graphical User Interface using both AWT or Swing package, event handling, and IO manipulation, create a simple notepad application in a form of an executable JAR file. Sample output: /**SAMPLE CODE BEGINS HERE impo...
