A group called Ghostbusters Fans is petitioning Sony Pictures to sell ECTO-1a from Ghostbusters 2 to them for restoration. If successful, this is a Kickstarter that I can get behind completely. #Ghostbusters #Kickstarter
A group called Ghostbusters Fans is petitioning Sony Pictures to sell ECTO-1a from Ghostbusters 2 to them for restoration. If successful, this is a Kickstarter that I can get behind completely. #Ghostbusters #Kickstarter
Bunim/Murray, producers of Project Runway, are developing a car designer challenge show. It appears they want to showcase women in particular, do you think this will be watchable and/or get the attention of manufacturers?
Bunim/Murray, producers of Project Runway, are developing a car designer challenge show. It appears they want to showcase women in particular, do you think this will be watchable and/or get the attention of manufacturers?
I only have Mobile access (iPhone, iPad), and I want to edit my Introduction. There is no edit icon to the right of my Introduction to select it. I also noticed there is no edit icon beside Birthday as well. Is there another place to edit these two items that I am missing? Thanks in advance!
I skimmed a post earlier from a Temple that referred to Nichiren as the True Buddha. I know that it is said that there have been and will be many Buddhas, but can one be any "truer" than the others?
+ Julio Robles I do prefer to think it was a mistranslation. Thank you very much for taking the time to clarify this for me.
I was recently circled by someone I was unfamiliar with, so I went to review their profile. What I found was a link to the daily blog on their website posted to 50+ different Communities. To me, this is bad etiquette. But maybe this is a method of sharing that I am unfamiliar with? Is there some standard around this type of posting activity that would help me be less confused?
Drove through Downtown yesterday and saw several of these barrels on sidewalk display. I don't like them as much as the horses -- what does everyone else think?
Can someone enlighten me as to any changes to What's Hot recently? Before what I saw was 80% pretty pictures with superimposed motivational text, and 20% of things I actually found interesting. Now it's reversed! So who do I thank, or am I just having a "lucky" day?
Thank you + Jesse Wojdylo . I remember now that I read about that tip a few weeks ago and am very diligent about plussing ALL of the things I read and enjoy.
Yes, + John Skeats , that's it! I guess I had forgotten because it took some time to see results. Diligence pays off I see. Thanks!
I have some curiosity around this article. Is it ever a statement to sit naked and meditate in the middle of a busy Chinese street? Or is it just madness?
Crowdfunding effort emerges to build a colossal statue of Steve Jobs. Someone on Indiegogo is calling for funds to build a giant statue of the late Apple co-founder that would rival the ancient Colossus of Rhodes or the modern Statue of Liberty. As of this writing they've raised $61.
"Ford Focus ST, Fiesta ST buyers to get free Octane Academy driving school" Sadly, I might just be dense enough that this would make me consider driving a Ford again.
Turing was a man who got more done in the too-short 41 years he was alive than most do in a full lifetime.
Fandomfest is sold out for the day! Maybe sad + Jenna Stewart can see + John Barrowman tomorrow.
Some futuristic thing The kitchen knife is one for the future that gives basic information on freshness and bacteria infection of food materials and food, and nutrients at a glance. The knife has sensor and system on its tip itself to sense ingredients of food materials, and the information is known to a user through Smart screen. More: ;
Which of course didn't come with the repost, as I have the dumb today.
Giant Chrome T-Rex Installed on the Seine River in Paris by Philippe Pasqua
Bought two new Animal Crossing 3DS and one copy of the game. My two daughters and I will be unavailable for quite some time.
Take the time now and then to write recommendations for the people you've worked with, and see what happens.
Have Iron Man join in on your gaming fun by picking up over 30 virtual items based on Marvel’s Iron Man 3 from the Xbox LIVE Marketplace for the Xbox 360 video game and entertainment system from Microsoft! Check out some more items here and tell us which is your favorite!
Personal contentment is more than a feel-good story. New research shows it it can have a profound effect on your health. (via + Next Avenue )
BMW X9 Concept BMW was named attract much attention, especially among young people. Young man from Tunisia 18 years is named Khalfi Oussama, has made a breakthrough in the automotive world with his work a concept car BMW X9. BMW is looking very frightening concept as well as futuristic with tire dressing the body in harmony with the view side. YouTube: BMW X9 Concept
