Sony Unveils World's First Full-Frame Mirrorless Cameras - There's been a bit of buzz about Sony's rumored Alpha A7 mirrorless camera models, and finally, the company revealed early on Wednesday what photography fans have been waiting for: its 7 and 7R digital cameras. It also surprised with a new RX10 zoom camera to its Cyber-shot line. Sony claims its new mirrorless models, the Alpha 7 (pictured above) and Alpha 7R (for advanced photographers and professionals), are t...
Alleged Creator of Blackhole Exploit Kit Arrested - The world of cybercrime may have been dealt a huge blow last week as various outlets continue to confirm that Russian authorities arrested the author behind the Blackhole exploit kit Allegedly created by a man known only as Paunch, the exploit kit gained widespread use because of its ability to target web users through browser plug-insForbes reports that the European Cybercrime Center confirmed the arrest, but Paunch's...
AT&T to Offer $5-a-Day Wireless Access to Tablet Users - AT&T announced a new a-la-carte option for mobile users a $5 day pass aimed at tablet users who need short-term data access. The new $5 plan cellular plan includes 250 MB of data access for 24 hours, which is a much better rate than hotels and airports typically charge though some who don't charge offer unlimited free Wi-Fi. AT&T is also now offering a $25 plan for up to 1GB of data over a three month period. "W...
Apple iPad Event: The 10 Biggest Rumors - Apple is expected to launch two new iPads the iPad 5 and iPad mini 2 at an event next week in San Francisco. As usual, the rumor mill has cranked out a lot of speculation surrounding the next-generation tablets, as well as buzz around other possible product announcements, including a new MacBook Pro line. But what we'll see for sure will remain a mystery until Tuesday. Will the iPad mini get its first "retina" display, despit...
Everyone in Tech Should Read Fiction. Here's Why - For many in today's tech world, novel reading is a luxury something you might do once or twice a year, if you're lucky. It's often the first thing that goes out the window when times are busy. Perhaps, if you're in the industry, you've convinced yourself that fiction doesn't matter. Isn't your reading time better spent with Flipboard or Zite or Instapaper, catching up on all those important articles and assorted long r...
The Feature in Windows 8.1 That Could Save Microsoft - Windows 8.1, which Microsoft launched Thursday, is a feature-rich update that takes Windows 8 machines to a new level of utility. However, it doesn't do much to address what many critics see as the fundamental problem with Microsoft's approach to its new operating system: It tries and fails, some say to unite a touch-friendly UI with a machine originally created for a mouse and keyboard. There's some truth to this...
BitLock Lets You Unlock Your Bike With a Smartphone - After a long day at work, the last thing you want to do is fumble to unlock your bike before commuting home. The BitLockmakes unlocking much easier and faster by turning your smartphone into a virtual bike key. First, the smartphone must be enabled with bluetooth and set up on the BitLock app. This will allow the BitLock to verify your identity when approaching your bike. Once you hit the button on the BitLock bike l...
10 iPhone Cases With Inspirational Quotes - You carry your iPhone with you everywhere, so why not choose a case that carries a meaningful message? We found 10 cases that give you a daily dose of inspirational wisdom while protecting your mobile phone at the same time. See also: 10 Inspired iPhone Homescreen Wallpapers Take a look through our selection of motivational iPhone cases in the gallery above. Have something to add to this story? Share it in the comments. Image:...
Nexus 5 Briefly Appears in Google Play Store for $349 - Google's Nexus 5 is not exactly the world's best kept secret, but if you needed further confirmation that the device is coming soon, we've got it: the device briefly appeared in Google Play Store with a price tag of $349 The listing was quickly removed (and replaced with the listing for Nexus 4), but not before it was noticed by the folks from Android Police. See also: Leaked LG Nexus 5 Manual Reveals New Phone Spe...
Nikon Offers First DSLR With Wifi, GPS - Sharing your DSLR-quality images on Instagram and letting everyone know where you are at the same time just got one step easier Nikon announced the newest addition to its DSLR family Thursday.The D5300 is the company's first to offer such built-in wireless connectivity. See also: Which DSLR Camera Is Right for You? Nikon emphasizes that the WiFi technology will allow photographers to share images more easily. The camera can se...
Robotic Petting Zoo Replaces Animals With Plastic Tentacles - It calls itself a petting zoo but this installation at a French art center looks a lot different from what you might expect The architecture and design team Minimaforms, formed by brothers Stephen and Theodore Spyropoulos, created a robotic Petting Zoo that uses Xbox Kinect sensors to bring animal-like qualities to plastic tubes Now on display at the FRAC Centre, the tubes hang from the ceiling waiting for c...
How Anyone Could Secretly Track Your Smartphone - Advertisers and government agencies may soon be able to track you online by identifying your smartphone using its accelerometer the device that tells apps which way you're pointing your phone according to researchers at Stanford University and the Israel Institute of Technology. No two phones roll off production lines exactly alike,Hristo Bojinov, one of the Stanford researchers, toldMashable. Tiny "defects" in acceler...
The 10 Best Reasons to Upgrade to Windows 8.1 - Windows 8.1 is here. If you have a PC either running Windows 8 or capable of doing so, there are a slew of reasons to upgrade to the new version. The update introduces many useful tools while simultaneously fixing some of Microsoft's more unpopular design choices in Windows 8 (welcome back, Start button!). For Windows 8 users, downloading Windows 8.1 is almost a no-brainer. After all, the update is free and does greatly en...
Nokia's Bizarre Multi-Screen Smartwatch of the Future - Nokia is the latest company with its sights set on the smartwatch space, and if new pictures and a video is any indication, it will be quite a feast for the eyes. The company was recently awarded patent approval for a multi-segment wearable accessory, which essentially looks like a chain of touch screens on one wristband. According to images posted to the U.S. Patent & Trademark Office and first spotted by Engadg...
Army of Robot Baristas Could Mean the End of Starbucks as We Know It
15 Ideas That Would Make Travel Better - From packing to deplaning, shopping to sightseeing travel is a mix of logistics and hopefully, leisure. There's likely been a time in your travels when you've thought, "Wouldn't it be great if ...." No matter how much a jetsetter loves travel, there are always new ways to innovate and make every minute count Marriott launched TravelBrilliantly.com to learn what travelers like yourself are dreaming up on their trips. Whether your...
T-Mobile CEO's Tweet Foreshadows Carrier's iPad Plans - When T-Mobile finally started carrying iPhones earlier this year, many wondered when cellular iPads would be added to its offerings, too. It looks like that time could come next week. T-Mobile CEO John Legere sent a tweet on Wednesday that hints an iPad-related announcement is likely for Apple's big press event next week. See also: The 15 Best Free iPad Games What has two thumbs and is excited for October 22? #thi ...
The Facebook App for Windows 8.1 Is Finally Here - Windows 8 (now technically Windows 8.1) is often criticized for its shallow app catalog, compared to iOS and Android. One of the most glaring omissions from the platform is a native Facebook app, not only because the service boasts over one billion members, but also because Facebook and Microsoft have been strategic partners for years. That oversight gets corrected today: Facebook for Windows 8.1 is now available for do...
Future Google Glass Features and Other News You Need to Know
11 Easy Tech-Inspired Halloween Costumes - With Halloween right around the corner, don't stress over your lack of costume ideas. We've got you covered. If there's one thing we know at Mashable, it's technology. Fortunately, we also know a little about costume design*. See also: 10 Overplayed Halloween Costumes to Avoid This Year What's something every piece of technology comes in? A box *I've never taken a costume design class in my life. BONUS: Legitimate Tech-Inspire...
Acer Already Has a Second-Gen 8-Inch Windows Tablet, the Iconia W4
Windows 8.1 Available Now - Today is the day: Windows 8.1 is now available as a free download for all Windows 8 users. The update includes several new and enhanced features, and notably perhaps infamously marks the return of the Start button to the Windows desktop environment. To receive the new version, all existing Windows 8 users need to do is launch the Store app in the modern UI. Upgrading to Windows 8.1 should appear as one of the pending updates; clicking or ta...
Intel CEO Says $99 Tablets Are Coming This Holiday Season - What a difference a few months make. Back in July, Intel CEO Brian Krzanich predicted we'd see tablets priced under $150 this holiday season. Now he's knocked $50 off that estimate. Speaking to analysts Tuesday following Intel's quarterly earnings release, Krzanich said he expects $99 tablets, $299 Haswell (Intel's latest microprocessor) laptops, and $349 two-in-one hybrid tablets and laptops. Last month Intel ...
This Smart Wheel Makes Cycling in the City a Breeze - As city planners and green-energy experts endeavor to find new ways to make our commutes more environmentally friendly, the popularity of bicycle-sharing has exploded in some of the world's biggest cities. Now a new device promises to make riding around the city even more convenient by adding a smart wheel to your bicycle. See also: Use These 10 Apps During Downtime The FlyKly Smart Wheel is a circular device that pr...
Ask a Dev: Should I Develop for iOS or Android First? - Developers have to make a lot of decisions when creating an app. One of the earliest is often which platform it should be built on first. In our latest Ask a Dev video, iOS Architect Kevin Harwood explains that choosing a platform is really a question of audience See also: What Language Should You Build Your App With? "I can't stress how important it is enough for you to do the proper user research enough to unders...
Getting Started With Ghost - Ghost, the open-source blogging system that raised over $300,000 on Kickstarter, launched to the public Monday. Ghost has resonated with lots of users because of its promise of being a simple, forward-thinking publishing platform where users can just focus on writing, without all of the complications that more established platforms have in place. See also: Is This Kickstarter Project the Future of Blogging? Although every aspect of Ghost is...
OK, Students: This Is Your Class on Google Glass - "I'm not really sure whether my dog helped me become a Glass explorer," Dr. William J. Ward, a social media professor at Syracuse University, said. He was being serious. "In my pitch to Google to be part of its Glass Explorer program, I said I would share the social global classroom. But I also said I'd bring my dog Ty the Wonder Dog into it." Ward is making good on that pitch to Google and teaching two classes this ...
Lenovo Unveils Its First 8-Inch Windows 8.1 Tablet - Lenovo, the world's biggest PC maker, finally unveiled its first 8-inch Windows tablet on Wednesday. Equipped with the latest version of Microsoft's mobile operating system, Windows 8.1, the tablet is the company's formal entry into the nascent field of small-screen Windows tablets. Dubbed the Miix2, the tablet is most distinctive perhaps for its extremely minimalist design, offering a look that is one of the cleanest...
Amazon Talks With HTC on Prime Handset Plans - Amazon, the world's biggest e-commerce company, and HTC Corp. have been in talks since at least June to develop handsets for sale to users of the Amazon Prime service, according to two people familiar with the talks. A final decision hasn't been made on whether to proceed with a product or when it would be delivered, the people said, asking to not be identified because the talks are private. Amazon wants to increase the num...
Adidas Announces Smart Watch for Runners - Adidas announced on Wednesday it will be the latest company getting into the tech wearables space with a smart watch aimed at runners. Paul Gaudio, VP of Adidas Interactive, said during the GigaOM Mobilize conference in San Francisco it will help users keep track of their heart rate and provide training assistance through its screen or via vibration. It will cost about $399 and go on sale starting Nov. 1, according to Geek Wire...
The World's First Phone With More Pixels Than an iPad - A full HD smartphone isn't cool. You know what's cool? A Quad HD smartphone one with 2,560 x 1,440 pixels, like the one China's Vivo just announced. The Vivo Xplay 3S will be the world's first smartphone with a 2K HD screen, with more pixels than a full-size iPad. The company didn't specify exactly how big the display would be, but Engadget suspects Vivo is using a 5.5-inch Quad HD panel made by LG. That would tra...
The Apple iPad Invite: What It Really Means - Apple invitations to major product unveilings are short, cryptic messages, stingy with words and visuals, but if you read them correctly, rich with meaning. The emailed invite to Apple's Oct. 22 event in California is no different. Read carefully: It's a veritable font of information. Obviously, the invite comes after months of rumors about what Apple will do and just more than a month after Apple CEO Tim Cook introduced two...
Apple Reportedly Cutting iPhone 5C Orders - Apple is cutting orders for iPhone 5C from its Taiwanese assemblers, possibly due to lower-than-expected demand, The Wall Street Journal reports citing people familiar with the situation According to WSJ's sources, Apple told Pegatron Corp. it would cut orders by less than 20%. Hon Hai Precision Industry, which also assembles the iPhone 5C, was told the orders would be cut by one third The report echoes yesterday's report from...
Sony Unveils World's First Full-Frame Mirrorless Cameras - There's been a bit of buzz about Sony's rumored Alpha A7 mirrorless camera models, and finally, the company revealed early on Wednesday what photography fans have been waiting for: its 7 and 7R digital cameras. It also surprised with a new RX10 zoom camera to its Cyber-shot line. Sony claims its new mirrorless models, the Alpha 7 (pictured above) and Alpha 7R (for advanced photographers and professionals), are t...
