Hope you have a fast computer !
I did walk by this one and can't imaging getting a better shot with or without a DSLR ;-) great!
I did an auto-enhance of my previously tweaked light painting and galaxy / stars shot and the result was a much noisier photo, so I reverted back to my own edit. Some challenging photos are probably still best left to humans. We have not been replaced by google-bots yet !! ;-)
Thanks + Lexy Savvides a few questions for the m4/3rd's curious, I guess my first frame of reference is against a 6D * comparison of wifi remote tethering app features * low light focussing - manual focussing disucssion * time lapse / intervalometer feattures
no cheesy signs in this one, looks like the ginger dude has a semi regular gig, hope he's not actually a photographer and gets stereotyped as the bumbling DSLR no idea man ;^)
To me yes one and the same. I had some travelling photos taken last year made into large canvas prints, some taken on mofo, dslr, p&s. Honestly It didn't matter what device, under their respective ideal conditions they can all get a great shot, however if I have a particular need for very low light, long exposure or deep HDR, then there is only one tool qualified for that job. (dslr) -- although i'm equally "mobile" on my feet with any device. As you know with newer devices such as the 6D with wifi, I can use that + a mofo in a hybrid mode, so I can technically instagram my richly detailed DSLR exposure, is that cheating? ... ;-) (ps hope you got your S3 screen fixed ;-) ) . There seems a great deal of discussions on the low end, hash tag this certain type of camera, (as if to justify the new categories existence ) Are we expecting to see those hash tag watermarks in galleries? (hopefully not) Actually that would put me off, ie. "come and see an iphone gallery exhibition" I would probably say no, but if there was a "come and see sutto's amazing sunrise photos" ( that I know are 99% iphone) then I would probably say yes ;-) (sorry for long rant)
+ Lexy Savvides why not post your question in trey's live talk now : in the moderator section, who knows it might get chosen to be answered on air ?
Seems quite a tad bigger than the 70-200 f4...
