Sony’s Xperia Z Ultra, Xperia Z and SmartWatch 2 Now Available in the US | #android #sony #xperiaz1
Have you seen this Gmail prompt yet? It's a slippery slope.
Am I the only one that draws on their Nexus 7? I do; here are some of mine.
Gustavo A. Ortiz, Director of the + Museo de Arte Contemporáneo de Bogotá , shares his personal gallery with artworks from 14 collections that represent the "Latin American identity" . Enjoy this great selection here: He explains: The Latin American identity is constructed from the hybridization, the mixture, the mutation, the racial mixing, the sum of almost all blood and cultural roots (...) a continent that goes beyond geographical boundaries to scream "We are the land of hope." Explore the gallery and discover a huge diversity of Latin American art: #DirectorsGallery #latinamerica #inspiration
¡JA! ¿Quieres ser beta-tester de Facebook? Únete a nuestro grupo de Google (por que necesitamos algo verdaderamente confiable para que te comuniques con nosotros) . #pwn3d
Regina is a pedestrian and Bohemian street. You can get a coffee or have a drink into their multiple street level pubs, restaurants and Cafes while you are watching the new graffiti or new artistic expositions.
Vistas : Una nueva forma de contribuir con tus foto esferas a Google Maps A dondequiera que te lleven las aventuras de la vida, tus fotos ayudan a recordar y a compartir los lugares que te gustan e interesan. Hemos lanzando un nuevo sitio comunitario llamado Vistas que hace que sea fácil para todos compartir de manera pública imágenes de lugares ( goo.gl/Sy83Xf ). Contribuye a + Google Maps con tus foto esferas , panoramas de 360º que pueden ser creados de forma simple con tu teléfono + Android . Visita el Blog de Tecnología y Anuncios de Google en: goo.gl/ewYjSu para obtener más detalles. #GoogleMaps
Sony’s Xperia Z Ultra, Xperia Z and SmartWatch 2 Now Available in the US | #android #sony #xperiaz1
+ Josh Jett This is a good tip. When I take photospheres with moving people or with my wife, the first shots I take are focused in them. After that I said her. From this moment You can move!. :P
Xiaomi Week 1 I've just completed my first week at Xiaomi here in Beijing and it's been a pretty intense journey so far. The Chinese tech ecosystem moves at breakneck speed. I've never seen such fierce competition and such impassioned desire to build things fast. There's a pervasive entrepreneurial spirit in companies both small and big. Xiaomi is every bit as fascinating and Google-like as I expected. The engineering floor is always busy with people building well into the night. The teams are small and scrappy, and speed (in both UX and execution) is always a top priority. Everyone at Xiaomi — engineers, PMs, designers and marketeers — is insanely focused on users and "doing the right thing". We have a special term for our users — we call them "Mi fans", and "Mi fans" always come first. Social media is huge in China — bigger than anything I've seen in the west. Sina Weibo, the most popular micro-blogging platform in China, has over 500M registered users and over 50M DAUs. In less than a month and after only 9 public posts, my Weibo account had over 80,000 followers ( ). I even have a public nickname crowd-sourced via social media by our CEO, Lei Jun. The nickname is 虎哥 (pronounced "Hǔ gē") and literally means "tiger brother" I'm really looking forward to my next few weeks and months here at Xiaomi. I'll try to share as much as I can about this new experience (while keeping up with the crazy pace on this side of the world).
We made the cover of Esquire (Espanol)! I was never even in the same room with any of the other Googler's on the cover. The magic of Photoshop!
Dutch Artists Haas&Hahn are campaigning via Kickstarter to fund their vision to plaster & paint a hillside favela in one of Rio de Janeiro’s most notorious slums.
Dutch Artists Haas&Hahn are campaigning via Kickstarter to fund their vision to plaster & paint a hillside favela in one of Rio de Janeiro’s most notorious slums.
This Is the Average Man's Body "Todd is the most typical of American men. His proportions are based on averages from CDC anthropometric data. As a U.S. male age 30 to 39, his body mass index (BMI) is 29; just one shy of the medical definition of obese. At five-feet-nine-inches tall, his waist is 39 inches. Don't let the hyperrealistic toes fool you; Todd is an avatar. I gave Todd his name, and gave his life a narrative arc, but he is actually the child of graphic artist Nickolay Lamm as part of his Body Measurement Project." See other "Todds" and learn more at The Atlantic:
