Sony Xperia M Philippines Price, Specs, Initial Review, Unboxing, Antutu Benchmark Test Score, Sample Camera Photos If you're looking for midrange Android smartphone that gives great value for the money, you might to include Sony Xperia M in your list of handsets to check out. I've played with the sub-Php 10,000 fresh release of the Japanese company and I have to say, it...
CloudFone Thrill 400QX Price Php 5,999, Specs, Unboxing : Comes With Two Batteries and Back Cases To be fair to CloudFone , I think they're the first handset company - local or international - to offer an Android device that ships with two swappable batteries (in different sizes) and corresponding back covers. According to the company, " CloudFone Thril...
Sony Xperia M Philippines Price, Specs, Initial Review, Unboxing, Antutu Benchmark Test Score, Sample Camera Photos If you're looking for midrange Android smartphone that gives great value for the money, you might to include Sony Xperia M in your list of handsets to check out. I've played with the sub-Php 10,000 fresh release of the Japanese company and I have to say, it...
Easy Taxi App Out Now in the Philippines!
Download Easy Taxi App for Android and iOS for Free : Techie Taxi Hailing Service Now Available in the Philippines! With the traffic situation in Metro Manila and the fact that gasoline prices and parking fees seem to always be increasing, I sometimes prefer hailing a cab than driving my SUV. Often though, getting a taxi in the Philippines (regardless of which city you a...
HTC One Max Philippines Price and Release Date Guesstimate, Specs, Phablet Features : Is It Really Just a Bigger HTC One? HTC One Max is the Taiwanese company's first ever phablet -- believe it or not. It took HTC almost three years to actually come up with a more or less legit competitor to Samsung's Note phablets and in my opinion, while the end product made the wait rather ...
Smart LTE-A Network in the works!
Cherry Mobile Life Price Php 2,999, Specs, Benchmarks : Out Now At Cherry Mobile Stores and Kiosks Nationwide Local electronics company, Cherry Mobile , continues to churn out very affordable yet quite capable Android smartphones ala its best-selling Cherry Mobile Flare handset last year. Following the launch of Php 3,999 Cherry Mobile Flare 2.0 , CM quietly releas...
Smart Communications LTE Advanced Network, In The Works : Smart 4G LTE Now in More Than 180 Cities and Municipalities If you think the 40mbps speeds that you enjoy via your LTE plan is already super fast, I wonder what you'll think about a 700 mbps connection. Well, I've just received an email from our friends at Smart Communications confirming that the MVP company is uppi...
Sony Xperia Z Ultra LTE Price in Philippines, Specs, Unboxing Kimstore Package : Does The 6.4-Inch Phablet Fit In The Pocket? Just from looking at press photos and studying the specs-sheet of Sony Xperia Z Ultra LTE , it's hard not to expect the Japanese company's 2013 flagship phablet not be a beast of a device in the flesh. Holding it now, I tell you, it definitely lives up to a...
Apple iPhone 5S vs. iPhone 5 Specs Comparison, Key Differences Explained, Side by Side Design Check, Should You Upgrade? "Mark, I own an iPhone 5 . Would you advise that I upgrade to iPhone 5S ? The two phones look the same. What are their key differences exactly?" Those are probably the tech questions I've been asked most often since Apple announced its newest flagship smart...
Apple iPhone 5S vs. iPhone 5 Specs Comparison, Key Differences Explained, Side by Side Design Check, Should You Upgrade? "Mark, I own an iPhone 5 . Would you advise that I upgrade to iPhone 5S ? The two phones look the same. What are their key differences exactly?" Those are probably the tech questions I've been asked most often since Apple announced its newest flagship smart...
Kris Aquino is Cherry Mobile's New Celebrity Endorser : Queen of All Media's Instagram Post Suggests So Kris Aquino - just like our showbiz industry itself - is no stranger to the Philippine tech scene. The Queen of All Media has practically done the rounds when it comes to endorsing tech related products and services in the country. For many years, she was t...
Arc Mobile Memo Price Php 6,299, Phablet Specs, Quick Review, Unboxing, Antutu Benchmark Test and Quadrant Standard Scores Arc Mobile Memo looks a lot like Samsung Galaxy Note2. That's the first thought that entered my mind as soon as I lifted the device out of its tray. The back part is especially reminiscent of that of the Korean company's 2012 flagship phablet. It has the sa...
White Samsung Galaxy Note3 Unboxing, Kimstore Offers SGNote3 Lowest Price in the Philippines "Which color do you prefer, Mark, White or Black," my friend Kim Lato asked me when I told her that I want to get Samsung Galaxy Note3 from Kimstore , my trusted online store. "White, Kim!" I replied without a second thought. I've seen many Samsung Galaxy N...
White Samsung Galaxy Note3 Unboxing, Kimstore Offers SGNote3 Lowest Price in the Philippines "Which color do you prefer, Mark, White or Black," my friend Kim Lato asked me when I told her that I want to get Samsung Galaxy Note3 from Kimstore , my trusted online store. "White, Kim!" I replied without thinking twice. I've seen many Samsung Galaxy Not...
O+ Fab Nova 3G Price Php 8,995, Specs, Features : Tablet with Phone Functionality, Out Now! O+ Phablet Initial Hands-On! Went to the Mega Sale of SM San Lazaro last Sunday afternoon and at the mall's floor, I saw a crowd gathering around O+ 's new kiosk. I pushed and shoved my way though the mob and when I finally reached the booth, I was pleasantly surprised when I saw the d...
Globe Samsung Galaxy Note3 Postpaid Plans : Goes for Php 1,799 Per Month for 24 Months, Get Unlimited LTE Plus Consumable Combos Globe Telecom has just formally disclosed its Samsung Galaxy Note3 postpaid plans and what's cool is that they've decided to offer the flagship phablet bundled with unlimited LTE for a very affordable monthly rate. Samsung Galaxy Note 3 sports a 5.7-inch Fu...
Huawei Ascend P6 Philippines Review, Price Php 18,990, Sample Camera Photos, Emotion UI Screenshots : TechPinas Badge of Excellence Awardee I already have two friends who've purchased Huawei Ascend P6 after I let them play with my handset. Quoting one of them, " Huawei Ascend P6 is the absolute best phone that my budget could have gotten. I believe that our gadgets should be a reflection of our...
Cherry Mobile Flare 2X Price Php 4,499, Specs, Release Date : What's The Difference Versus Cherry Mobile Flare 2.0? Nope, Cherry Mobile Flare 2X is not the same as Cherry Mobile Flare 2.0 . I've been receiving a lot of emails and DMs from CM fans these past few days asking me if CM Flare 2X , shown in the photo above (and quietly released along with 2 other lower midrang...
Nokia Lumia 1020 Price in Philippines is Php 35,650, Release Date is October 11, 2013 : Comes with Free Php 4,000 Camera Grip Last night at Ayala Museum in Makati City, Finnish Giant Nokia officially introduced its newest flagship handset, the Nokia Lumia 1020 , to technology bloggers and the media in the Philippines. Holding The Best Cameraphone in the World Today Nokia Lumia 102...
Apple iPhone 5S Gold Quick Review, Sample Camera Photos - Front and Back, Kimstore Price Schedule, Unboxing Video Considering the fact that the Philippines is always one of the last countries to officially get fresh releases from Apple, I really didn't expect that I'd be able to play with the iPhone 5S this soon. But thanks to Kim Lato of Kimstore who did her best to b...
Sun Cellular Opera Mini Unlimited Internet Promo Details : How To Register? Sun Cellular has new promo out that's ideal for budget-conscious users who want to be able to regularly access their email, update Facebo...
Cherry Mobile Apollo Price Php 6,990, Specs, Release Date, Features : BSI Smartphone for Juan, Quietly Announced by CM Following the formal announcement of 'Quad Core ng Bayan' Cherry Mobile Flare 2.0 last week, local electronics company Cherry Mobile has ...
Smart Samsung Galaxy Note3 Postpaid Plans : Free Under Unlimited LTE Data Plan 2000 Samsung Galaxy Note3 has an official suggested retail price of Php 36,900 , which is rather hefty. If you'd rather spend that money payin...
Nokia Lumia 1020 Launch in the Philippines = October 1, 2013
