Full frame news from Sony. Possible to write even apps for the cameras (e.g. timelapsing )!!! #sony #fullframe #mirrorless #a7 #a7r
Full frame news from Sony. Possible to write even apps for the cameras (e.g. timelapsing )!!! #sony #fullframe #mirrorless #a7 #a7r
Why I moved from Nikon to Canon Any of you who follow me on Google+ will likely be aware that there have been some changes going on around here lately with regards to equipment i.e. the move from...(Read More)
Thank you + Branko Nuss , glad you like it) ...people blurred in motion, still naked mannequins, completely empty store in background… definitely there is a story… Just need to imagine. Thank you for stopping by!
Tell me what you think! Now! I'm seeing more and more posts with a title and about 50 lines of hash tags mentioning the entire universe of image sharing. Do mediocre images become better by sharing them with more people?
I've made reportage of Official foundation stone ceremony of Liepaja's new concert hall "Lielais Dzintars" (Giant Amber). Read in the blog
Just found a THIEF on 500px: The sky part is definitely from my photo: please report this if you have an 500px account. Also found the pic on G+: https://plus.google.com/116203063268554516602/posts this is what he wrote: "The Poseidon!!! 1 of my most dramatic shot ever captured in the West Coast of New Zealand. In fact this photograph has been done processing for quite a while but I have decided to save the best for the last! Well,here you go, 1 of my most fav photos from the NZ trip. ps : to view this photo amazingly large on the print, please feel free to drop by my first photography exhibition at The Camera Museum, Muntri Street,Penang @ 2nd of August, 7.30pm!"
10 tips to improve your STREET PHOTOGRAPHY! Yesterday I asked a question to the street photography communities on Google Plus - How close can you get? I got a lot engagement and many great tips from other photographers who had encountered the same issues about getting close up with random people on the street, without being intrusive. See original post here: https://plus.google.com/105186369823013844219/posts/geGk3ukHWrf Why do you want to get up close? It is an imperative; you want to be intrusive, yet not be conveyed as intrusive. What do I mean with that, you may ask I can only speak for my self and what street photography is to me personally. This is not an attempt of defining street photography as a genre as it is already well established, but more of an exercise for me as well as sharing what I have learned on my way. You want to get up close, because that´s where the action is going on! To me, street photography is about documenting whatever happens on the street, mostly among people, and very often this involves communication of some kind, be it verbal or non-verbal. I want to document this in the best possible way, and without disturbance of what´s going on in their surroundings, unless this clearifies what you´re trying to document. To enable myself to achieve this goal, I have to get up close in most situations - and that can be really hard. Why is it hard to get up close with people on the street? Mostly because I´m afraid they will think I´m obstructing and interfering with their everyday business, and have no right to put my camera in their face. I´m terrified of being confronted with this, and the results is that I´m often missing the action because I´m too far away. You can of course use a zoom lens and avoid the whole issue which is what many photographers does. There´s nothing wrong with that, however I feel like I´m cheating by doing so myself. I know that I´m "cheating" because I don´t want to confront my "fear" and I take the easy way out - that´s not the real street photography to me. So, how close can you get? This is initially why I asked the question, to get some more answers on how other photographers go about this issue, and if they have techniques they use to blend better into the crowd. How to become anonymous with your camera in a big crowd. Underneath you will find the tips that people gave me - thanks a lot to everyone for engaging and sharing their valuable knowledge. + Marco Mayer - the moment YOU start to think and feel like you're there taking pictures of people, and that it's weird for you to do so, they see you. You have to just be there like it's the most ordinary thing that you're there taking photos... (at least that's my experience) ;)﻿ + Florian Tuffskull - I prefer my system-cam for streets. With the dSLR you look much more frightening!﻿ + Jamie Rich - With my dSLR I use my 55-300mm lens to get people from a distance. Then they don't know I'm shooting them.﻿ + Gabriel Shahzad - Don´t float around in the crowd. Let the crowd flow around you. Become static in the dynamic environment. People react to changes, but don't really care if the guy with the camera was there all the time. Of course that can not be applied at all times, but if you can do it like that, do it. It will be worth it.﻿ + Hethusha Umanga - usually i start clicking (finding) objects first. When I feel like I´m blending in, then I start taking photos. + Jim Griffin - I've read a lot of tips and tricks, in example; wear black or dark colors, act like a tourist, don't act or be nervous...they notice and react to it, act like it's your job etc... + Dan Williams - Use a smaller camera. I go out with my Nikon dSLR and people move away but with my Leica they just ignore me. This type of photography is the hardest of all I think, and you are brave to get that close. + Dennis Edwards - I use a longer lens to create distance. I have a wrist strap so that I blend in better and it keeps my camera from being bumped out of my hand. Busier places are better. Stealth is good, minimal movements. + Dennis Edwards - Riding on a hop-on, hop-off double deck bus in a Major World City may be like shooting fish in a barrel but you got lots of great images with great perspective. ﻿ + Dennis Edwards - I do like to mingle close in a crowd. I also like to approach strangers for spontaneous portraitures. Those are the richest and more difficult experiences, so I get the easy ones where I can because difficulties abound. + Charles Mackenzie-Hill - Look off your subject with that 20% angle from your subject. Can't remember where I read it though... + Jan Kroon - I think the more obvious you are when taking the pictures, the more you "blend" in to the crowd. After a while you get used to it and so will "the people", with the risk of an angry look every now and then of course...;-) + Ar Grover - If you keep your camera low, they are less likely to notice you... Being short helps too...﻿
Time-Lapse of the Amazing 19-Hour Costa Concordia Salvage Operation Yesterday's righting of the Costa Concordia luxury liner off the coast of Italy was the largest maritime salvage operation in history, and the BBC was there to capture the whole 19-hour ordeal in time-lapse.
Slide show I made from Christening shooting
Injured girl puts a candle lit in a tray right after her Christening Ceremony in the Orthodox Church in Liepaja (Kid was injured a while before Christening) (Latvia, Liepaja - 07.09.2013) Photo © + Konstantin Romanov /FotoFjodor www.fotofjodor.com #reportage #church #girl #christening #candles
Coal and the men who mine it (from 2012)- #stairsthursday #india
We are going to visit the Republic of Belarus. Hope will be back in a week with dozen of photos )
