Sony Challenges Samsung With SmartWatch 2 Sony's SmartWatch 2, the company's second-generation smartwatch, is available to U.S. consumers beginning Tuesday. The device can be purchased directly from Sony's Web store or other online retailers. The SmartWatch 2, announced earlier this year, costs $19...
Hands On: The Difference Between The iPhone 5S And The iPhone 5 Comparing the iPhone 5S with last year's iPhone 5 reveals more than a few differences—but most of them are under the hood. Today's the day that the new iPhones have hit the shelves in the U.S. The pricier—and apparently more desired—iPhone 5S is not easy to...
New 2013 Jailbreak/Unlock iPhone 5,4S iOS 7.0.2 Untethered With RedSn0w The Most wanted Popular jailbreak tool from www.Unlock-Jailbreak.net compiled by the iPhone Team ñ has just been released and updated with full and easy support for Jailbreak Unlock iPhone 5/4S/4/3GS iOS 7.0.2 & 6.1.4/6.1.3/ Jailbreak iOS 7 Untethered. Yo...
Apps Crash Twice As Often on iPhone 5S Compared to iPhone 5 BY MEG WAGNER 5 DAYS AGO If it seems like your apps are crashing more frequently since you upgraded to the new iPhone 5S , you're not alone. Mobile applications crash twice as often on the iPhone 5S than they do on both the iPhone 5 and iPhone 5C, accord...
iPhone 5 vs. Samsung Galaxy S4 Comparison: 5S "Fastest Phone Ever Tested" vs. LG G2, HTC One (Photo : REUTERS/Stephen Lam) The iPhone 5S has one title it can boast in its battle vs. the Samsung Galaxy S4—"fastest phone ever tested." In a recent test, researchers pitted the top smartphones from HTC, LG, Apple and Samsung against eachother to measure...
Why You May Want To Upgrade To The Apple iPhone 5s Or 5c If You Travel Overseas Apple iPhone 5s smartphones at the Wangfujing flagship store on September 20, 2013 in Beijing, China. (Image credit: Getty Images via @daylife) When the iPhone 5 was released last year, I wrote about the roaming problem among competing carriers with locked ...
Oreos as Addictive as Cocaine: A Study Oreos are as addictive as cocaine, a study of rats suggests. (Photo : Wikimedia Commons) Oreos are as addictive as cocaine, a study of rats suggests. In order to test the cookie's addictiveness, researchers from Connecticut College gave hungry rats in a maz...
Brain may flush toxins out during sleep ROCHESTER, N.Y., Oct. 17 (UPI) -- U.S. scientists suggest sleep clears the brain of damaging molecules associated with neurodegeneration -- the loss of brain function as in Alzheimer's disease. Dr. Maiken Nedergaard, co-director of the Center for Translati...
Google Tops Estimates, but Prices of Ads Slide Outside of Google's headquarters in Mountain View, Calif. Google is still the leader in online advertising, according to eMarketer, yet the advertising business is changing under its feet. SAN FRANCISCO — For more than a decade, Google’s search advertising ...
Nokia boasts that its phones, um, never break In a probably amusing tweet, Nokia harks back to times when phones were really phones. Or something. In any case, it wants you to dump your iPhone or Galaxy -- which presumably break all the time. Full article here.
Yetis are real? Geneticist offers a plausible explanation A alleged Yeti scalp on display at the Khumjung Monastery in Nepal. (Credit: Nuno Nogueira ) The Yeti, Bigfoot's cold-climate cousin, is back in the limelight. There's no mysterious giant footprint or shaky video footage, but there is a well-regarded Briti...
When will the Iphone 6 be launched? The iPhone 5S is upon us so we're naturally wondering when the iPhone 6 will come out. Here's all you need to know about the rumoured iPhone 6 release date, specs and new features. Read more: ..
How IBM is making computers more like your brain. For real ZURICH, Switzerland -- Despite a strong philosophical connection, computers and brains inhabit separate realms in research. IBM, though, believes the time is ripe to bring them together. Through research projects expected to take a decade, Big Blue is using...
iPhone 5s pitted against iPhone 5 in stunning camera showdown It might be more than a year old now, but Apple’s iPhone 5 still has one of the most impressive cameras that has ever been included on a cell phone. In terms of color reproduction and clarity, the iPhone 5 pushed mobile photography to a whole new level. W...
Apple iPhone 5s Vs. 5c: Why The Budget iPhone 5 Is Underperforming In Sales Apple Inc. ( NASDAQ:AAPL ) was faced with an interesting predicament last year: The iPhone 5 cost more than $200 to make , but when that model would see its inevitable price drop in 2013 -- in time for the release of the iPhone 5 successor, the iPhone 5s -...
Partial Lunar Eclipse Occurs Friday: How to See It The moon will dip through part of Earth's shadow in a partial lunar eclipse on Friday (Oct. 18), but it may be tough to see for skywatchers in North America. During the lunar eclipse Friday , part of the moon will skirt through only the outer edge of the E...
Apple’s Safari Made Up Most Mobile Browser Traffic in Q2 Hot on the heels of yesterday’s look ahead by Cisco Systems at the Internet of 2017 , Akamai is out with its quarterly state of the Internet report as of the end of the second quarter of 2013. One thing Akamai saw was an uptick in Web browser traffic from m...
Square Cash vs. Venmo vs. PayPal vs Google Wallet: What's the best way to send money online? Keep your wallet in your back pocket, bucko: With Wednesday’s launch of Square Cash , there's now one more way to send money online to friends, family and business associates. There are now so many, in fact, that choosing the best service for transferring ...
The Top iPhone and iPad Apps on App Store App Store Official Charts for the week ending Oct. 14, 2013: Top Paid iPhone Apps: 1. "Angry Birds Star Wars II", Rovio Entertainment Ltd 2. "Minecraft - Pocket Edition", Mojang 3. "Heads Up!", Warner Bros. 4. "Plague Inc.", Ndemic Creations 5. "Facetune", ...
Senate and House pass bill to re-open the government, raise the debt ceiling At the end of the 16th day of the government shutdown, the Senate and House passed a bill that would reopen the government and avert a potentially cataclysmic default on U.S. debt payments by raising the federal government's debt limit. The Senate voted 81-...
Microsoft releasing Windows 8.1, a year in making Microsoft is releasing its long-awaited Windows 8.1 upgrade as a free download starting Thursday. It addresses some of the gripes people have had with Windows 8, the dramatically different operating system that attempts to bridge the divide between tablets ...
$649 iPhone 5s Costs Apple $199 The new iPhone 5s costs Apple about the same to build as last year's iPhone 5, according to a report from IHS. The company has torn down both the iPhone 5s and 5c, and assessed where the internals came from and what they cost. The bill of materials for the ...
Apple's Next iPad: Gateway To Mobile Revolution In a little over a week, Apple is expected to update both its iPad and its iPad Mini, along with its OS X desktop operating system and its long-neglected Mac Pro hardware. The fifth-generation iPad isn't likely to surprise. It should be thinner and lighter....
Sony Challenges Samsung With SmartWatch 2 Sony's SmartWatch 2, the company's second-generation smartwatch, is available to U.S. consumers beginning Tuesday. The device can be purchased directly from Sony's Web store or other online retailers. The SmartWatch 2, announced earlier this year, costs $19...
Coke exec: Diet Coke under pressure Diet Coke, the country's No. 2 soda, may be losing some of its pop. During a conference call with analysts Tuesday, a Coca-Cola executive noted that Diet Coke is "under a bit of pressure" because of people's concerns over its ingredients, alluding to the g...
Apple cuts 5C orders on weak demand Apple has told two suppliers of its lower-cost iPhone 5C that it is reducing orders in the fourth quarter, according to a report by Dow Jones news agency Wednesday, raising concerns about weaker-than-expected demand for the new product. Apple began selling...
US judge tells man he's still legally dead A man who disappeared decades ago is finding out there's no easy way to come back from the dead. Donald Miller Jr. went to court this week to ask a county judge to reverse a 1994 ruling that declared him legally dead after he had vanished from his home eigh...
Oregon bartender gets $17,500 tip Customer Jerry Arnett, left, congratulates Aurora Kephart, a bartender in Springfield, Ore., on Friday Oct. 4, 2013 after learning that she received a $17,500 tip when one of her customers happened to give her a winning lottery ticket this week. The Oregon ...
Indian sage dreams of gold to save economy, government starts digging NEW DELHI (Reuters) - The Indian government is digging for treasure after a civic-minded Hindu village sage dreamt that 1,000 tons of gold was buried under a ruined palace, and wrote to tell the central bank about it. The state Archaeological Survey of Indi...
Google Video: Early Days of Quantum AI Lab Watch a video from Google showing a peek at the early days of the Quantum AI Lab: a partnership between NASA, Google, and a 512-qubit D-Wave Two quantum computer.
Apparently Apple's iPhone 5c Is A Failure Already This is what the Daily Mail tells us at least, that the sales of the iPhone 5c have been “disappointing” and that production has been slashed as a result. They even ask if the 5c should be regarded as a “failure”. Full article here.
Apple’s new iPads to reportedly launch on October 30th or 31st The release of Apple’s next-generation iPad and iPad mini tablets is just over two weeks away, according to a new report. Apple always launches its mobile devices shortly after unveiling them and since the company’s iPad event is scheduled to take pla...
Square Cash lets anyone send money by e-mail -- for free First launched as an invite-only beta, Square Cash is now available to everyone. The free service lets anyone send and receive cash simply by sending an e-mail, no account required. Full article
New iPads expected at Apple event set for Oct 22 Apple Inc next Tuesday is expected to introduce a new line-up of iPads that will compete with the latest tablets from Amazon.com Inc and Samsung Electronics, amid pressure to preserve market share. Full details here
