This was a good option for me as well, however ended up going with the gear
This was a good option for me as well, however ended up going with the gear
Thank you + Sony Xperia for the new TV in the kid's playroom!
Clean and loving life♥
You missed some good stuff last night + Russell Holly + daniel benavides trolled the crap out of this girl.
Thanks for the wallpaper + Ste Boyd looks great on my phone and watch!
Having an awesome day date with my wonderful husband!
Getting an estimate on the G6. Not a fun thing to do on the day off. On the other hand, I'll have a chance to play with Aviate.
Thank you + Sony Xperia for the new TV in the kid's playroom!
Our store sold the most Sony Xperia Z's in the nation during a week of their promotion. Both managers and the top rep got TVs! It came in while I was on PTO this weekend.
Apparently so, still the fact that it's now dancing in your head is good enough for me! Haha
Bwahaha! Wish I could have seen that.
It's bad enough dealing with school zones, but throw in some rain and all hell breaks loose! People must have really been out of there mind this morning. Some person dropped their kid off (opening door into oncoming teaffic) in the middle of the road. We are talking elementary school not high school or even middle school.
Heading home. It was a great weekend with the family.
Congrats to + Aaron Kasten and his team sounds like everyone had a blast at the BBQ! See yall next year.
It's more of a sarcastic attempt at the annoying bathroom selfies for those that don't know me.
Our tribute to the people who made it to the BBQ this year.
Now I get where + Robert Warren gets all of the beautiful highway shots!
Yeah it was bad this morning.
This is ours for the weekend! This is super nice compared to the wood paneled station wagon! haha
I'm not sure. He almost knocked the fence over
Loving the multitasking ability! #note3 #penwindow
No, + Mario Landa it does seem like it would be ginormous, but it's almost identical in size to the Note 2. It fits in my well fitting jeans front pocket. + Glenn Correa it's green because I was on a call.
I was actively on the call while on speaker in this case.
I have been using action memo quite often. It comes in handy. This setup was from using pen window.
I didn't think to check this until today. It looks like Note 3 Touch Wiz is larger than the S4 counterpart. Not really complaining due to having a standard 32 GB of storage and 24 of it is usable. Better than the 9 on the S4.
I know that the T mobile Pre-orders were already shipped. If you are on Verizon I would recommend checking your account online to see about an order status.
This drives me nuts! Sock makers are intentionally putting one matching pair of socks in a 3,4, or 5 pair pack. The are all the exact same style so when the sock monster chooses one of these as a victim you are stuck with sending your innocent kids to school with mismatched socks. And good luck finding the exact same pair on shelves.
If this is the kind of crap the world is coming to, why would I want to live longer. Haha
True + ruby grace . My son does get pretty excited with Lightning McQueen on one foot and Mater on the other.
+ Mikki Torres , + Kimberly Barnes does that crap and it drives me nuts.
Yeah, Kim intentionally buys those bundles with like 8 different colors and none match. + Mikki Torres don't be a douche! Haha
For those of you that are going to the + Big Android BBQ this year. Beware of room 512 at the Hyatt!
It's ok brother, I'm not going this year either.
Hyatt was where it was at last year. There were people all over!
I was baby sitting too just ask + Trevor Vass bwahaha!
This is going to be awesome!
This kid has some very impressive vocals. Yes, I saw him on The Voice.
Dude is amazing. I went on to watch 2 more of his videos.
Does the government shutdown have you feeling blue? Have you daydreamed about owning a Galaxy Note 2? Fuck yeah you have! And now you can! I have a brand new Samsung Galaxy Note 2 with a Samsung Smart Dock included for only 300 dollars! It's white and on the Sprint Network.. c'mon, you know you wanna...
+ Justin Powell hit up + Joseph Shelton and see what he can do for you.
Boom baby! This thing is fast/smooth. #note3
Don't really care about benchmarks + Bryan L . I realized awhile back that benchmarks are easily manipulated.
I think it should. Just a pain and time I already don't have.
New link! Please help find this girl!
Profar crushes walk-off home run as Rangers top Angels, 6-5, remaining 1 game out of Wild Card spot. RECAP:
+ Kimberly Barnes just showed me this on X Factor. Disclaimer: This is a complete waste of your time! Consider yourself warned.
I finally found them! Multiple shelves had them empty!
They have been a pain to find
+ Matt Weasel That thing is awesome! What was the hold up?
Our store sold the most Sony Xperia Z's in the nation during a week of their promotion. Both managers and the top rep got TVs! It came in while I was on PTO this weekend.
