Sony Xperia Tablet Z he angular Omni Balance design is all the more impressive given Sony has managed to shave down the thickness to the mere 6.9mm. Not that it matters much in actual use - this isn't a gadget to put in a pocket, slim or not, but we have been programmed to...
LG G Pad 8.3 Introduction Struggling to secure its positions on the smartphone market, LG hasn't had much time to deal with the tablet one. That isn't to say LG has never released a tablet. In 2011, the company made its debut in that space by launching the Optimus Pa...
Nokia Asha 501 review: The candy store kid A nice little phone that looks fresh both on the inside and outside. That's what we took from our first encounter with the Nokia Asha 501 and we do hope we managed to get that point across. You know, with phones that go a dime a dozen, you always risk ma...
Sony Xperia Tablet Z he angular Omni Balance design is all the more impressive given Sony has managed to shave down the thickness to the mere 6.9mm. Not that it matters much in actual use - this isn't a gadget to put in a pocket, slim or not, but we have been programmed to...
Samsung Galaxy S4 mini Last year, Samsung started the trend of releasing 'mini' versions of their flagship smartphones (although technically they were normal sized versions of their giant phones). The Galaxy S III mini was the first of the lot and this year they followed it up ...
Motorola Moto X Key features Quad-band GSM/GPRS/EDGE; quad-band UMTS/HSPA support 100Mbps LTE with a second dedicated antenna 4.7" 16M-color 720p RGB AMOLED capacitive touchscreen with 316ppi pixel density; Gorilla Glass Android OS v4.2.2 Jelly Bean with stock UI Qualcomm ...
Samsung Galaxy Round Tuesday night, Samsung introduced the first smartphone to come with a curved display. The Samsung Galaxy Round isn't traveling too far away as it will make its debut and launch in Korea on Thursday. Priced at 1.09 million won ($1013 USD), the device will...
Lumia 1020 beats the iPhone 5s and Galaxy S4 by a mile in our blind camera comparison
Lumia 1020 beats the iPhone 5s and Galaxy S4 by a mile in our blind camera comparison And so it is time for us to reveal the smartphones that took part in the blind camera comparison that we published last week. The idea was, basically, to come up with a camera contest that factors out all possible bias one might have towards a certain bra...
LG flexible OLED smartphone LG's curved display production plans are coming along nicely, as the company has officially announced today that its first flexible OLED panel for smartphones has entered mass production. The company expects a rapid success of the flexible smartphone dis...
Apple iPhone 5c:The color of magic On paper, the Apple iPhone 5c stands as basically an iPhone 5 in a shiny new outfit that comes in a number of bright colors. And, if you think about it, that's the most logical thing to do - the colorful iPod lineup has been getting lots of praise on acc...
BlackBerry Z30 The largest Canadian wireless carrier Rogers will not offer the BlackBerry Z30 , thus bringing another setback to the troubled manufacturer in its home market. The carrier explains the decision with limited shelf space which allows for only “the biggest ...
Samsung Galaxy Note 3 The Galaxy Note family is credited with not only starting the phablet craze, but also resurrecting the stylus. The S Pen is no ordinary stylus though - the special screen digitizer and a button on the S Pen work their magic to augment the thumb-on-screen...
