New from Sony / The FF mirrorless A-7 and A-7R What the Canon Pellix that came out at around 1968, could never have been. These new full frame cameras from Sony, thanks to electronic and the EVF have realized the mirrorless dream. Naturally, the Achilles heel of the SLR is the bouncing mirror that made...
New fast lens from Nikon I always found the word prime lens sort of odd. This naturally denotes a non zoom lens that iisn;t too wide or too long. At any rate, this wide opening or fast lens will give great shallow depth of field in the FX or full frame sensors. Nikon Now Adds a...
Break the rules There are just too many silly rules in photography. Some are valid while others are made in an attempt at making photography difficult and for the initiated. I always take all rules with a grain of salt. My anarchism is showing. One of these valid rules is ...
New from Sony / The FF mirrorless A-7 and A-7R What the Canon Pellix that came out at around 1968, could never have been. These new full frame cameras from Sony, thanks to electronic and the EVF have realized the mirrorless dream. Naturally, the Achilles heel of the SLR is the bouncing mirror that made...
"New and improved" Nikon In spite of the improvements in small cameras and smart camera phones, the camera companies are trying to keep up with the never ending "new and improved" products that make some equipment fanatics salivate or even worse. To each his own. I have found happ...
Enjoy the fall
They just have to be kidding With cell phones becoming increasingly more and more used, here comes Leica with this gorgeous but ridiculously priced lens. An A for effort and I believe that all those doctors, dentists and deep pocketed non photographers may even buy a few. But for the r...
Is it all over? The 41 MP Nokia Lumia 1020 may be the coup de grace We have been stating for quite a while that the large cameras are really for show off except for serious work that is demanding. Now fashion photography has been attempted with the Nokia 4120 MP phone. The acceleration of traditional cameras' demise is incr...
Afternoon light Again, interesting light makes for interesting images. These were shot during our last visit to Venice late in the afternoon when the light was low..
Strictly for tecchies This series of releases are strictly for techies who have never understood that photography is not about lens aberrations, distortions, n...
We are now up to number 12 Unbelievable. Photoshop Elements has hit version 12. This ever increasing in versions program is very useful but it cannot be upgraded. O...
A rebirth? Nikon's system 1 seemed moribund but now with this camera it signals a departure, a new direction and some signs of life, Nikon has just ...
Sicilian plum tomatoes In Sicilian there are called bummulari, they are commonly known as San Marzano tomatoes but those in Sicily have a tangier and more inten...
News from Phase One Many swear by this raw converter. I have used it and was happy with the results but the interface seemed rather tedious. Now Capture One ...
Very nice but where's the viewfinder I do not know about you but I need a viewfinder since I find using LCD's for composition totally useless. Perhaps I'm old fashion but how...
Timing It&#39;s when you press the shutter that makes all the difference. Thanks to the fact that this is s very difficult shot to get with a sm...
Top of the line lens from Olympus Olympus has just announced for release in the near future a high- end standard zoom to match the E-M1. The M.Zuiko Digital ED 12-40mm...
Naples Back to this fascinating city of great songs and music. These are from the Spanish Quarter.
Micro Four Thirds marches on As we have been predicting all along, the large &quot;show off&quot; cameras will soon be a thing of the past. With phones that sport 41 me...
