#Mobile #TechNews - #Sony Launches #SmartWatch2 , #XperiaZUltra , #XperiaZ1 in the U.S. Sony's trio of inter-compatible gadgets, the SmartWatch 2, Xperia Z Ultra phablet and Xperia Z1 smartphone, is now available in the United States. The SmartWatch 2, which was first introduced in June at Shanghai's Mobile Asia Expo, is designed as a companion to your Sony smartphone, tablet or phablet. The dust-proof, water-resistant device has a 1.6-inch, 220 x 176 pixel screen and 3-4 days of battery life, according to Sony. The SmartWatch 2 supports NFC for easy pairing with Android 4.0+ smartphones, and is compatible with Gmail, Facebook and Twitter. It retails for $199.95. We've also known about Sony's 6.4-inch Xperia Z Ultra since the summer. It sports a Qualcomm Snapdragon 800 processor and an 8-megapixel camera, and has a retail price of $649.99 (for the HSPA+ variant) or $679.99 (for the LTE variant). The newest device in this bunch is the Xperia Z1, Sony's 20.7-megapixel flagship smartphone that retails for $669.99. You can read our detailed review of it here. Each of these devices is available now in Sony's online store and a selection of other online stores, as well as select Sony's retail stores. Have something to add to this story? Share it in the comments.
#Friday #Weekend #jokes , #Humor - They asked me to work on weekend And this was my answer .. Happy Friday )
#Friday #Weekend #jokes , #Humor - They asked me to work on weekend And this was my answer .. Happy Friday )
#Friday #Weekend #jokes , #Humor - They asked me to work on weekend And this was my answer .. Happy Friday )
#Friday #Weekend #jokes , #Humor - They asked me to work on weekend And this was my answer .. Happy Friday )
#MobileSecurity #MobileNews #Hack- How Anyone Could Secretly Track Your #Smartphone Advertisers and government agencies may soon be able to track you online by identifying your smartphone using its accelerometer — the device that tells apps which way you're pointing your phone — according to researchers at Stanford University and the Israel Institute of Technology.
#TechNews - E-Loan Specialist #Wonga Buys #BillPay , The #PayPal Of Germany, To Move Deeper Into Payments Wonga is a UK-based startup best known for its online payday loan services, but today the company made a move that could see it not only extending across to other markets in Europe but also into other services like payments: the company today is announcing the acquisition of BillPay, known as the “PayPal of Germany”. This is yet another major exit for Rocket Internet, which incubated and backed BillPay.
#Mobile #AppReview - After 25K Downloads On #iOS , #Doctape Brings Its Standalone #FileViewer #App To #Android . doctape Viewer, an app which competes with the likes of Documents by Readdle and GoodReader by letting mobiles users view file types not supported natively on their OS, has landed on Android as a paid app costing $2.49/€1.99.
#TechNews - #Alfresco4 .0 - A Complete Introdunction This Presentation covers following topics - *What’s new in Alfresco 4.0 *Alfresco 4.0 version-buzzword compliance *Release of alfresco 4.0 sub-versions and 4.2 sub-versions *And FAQ'S
#TechNews - #Alfresco4 .0 - A Complete Introdunction This Presentation covers following topics - *What’s new in Alfresco 4.0 *Alfresco 4.0 version-buzzword compliance *Release of alfresco 4.0 sub-versions and 4.2 sub-versions *And FAQ'S
#Mobile #TechNews - The Future of #iOS #Gaming Will Take Place in the Real World. #Apple has always embraced #apps and #games that demonstrate the strengths of its mobile platform, giving them prominent positions in the App Store or even letting them demo onstage at keynote events. Now the company is focusing beyond the screen with games that use iOS as a backbone for real world gameplay. The latest and greatest? Anki Drive. This AI-enhanced racing game lets you control toy cars using a free iOS app. Each car has a unique personality and identity, and can detect and react to other cars as it zooms around a race track. Apple surprised many of us when it let this stealth startup debut onstage at WWDC this summer. But now Anki Drive will be available in Apple Stores and online starting October 23 for $200. “The games and toys we’ve played with since our childhood haven’t really changed much in decades — you still see kids with blocks, race cars, and teddy bears,” Anki CEO and founder Boris Sofman said. “You contrast that with the evolution of the video game industry which has skyrocketed and taken advantage of almost every major technological advancement. We thought, why couldn’t you have the best of both worlds?” Anki does just that, using AI to give videogame smarts like character evolution to physical objects — in this case, toy race cars. Each car is smart on its own, with a 50 Mhz micro controller onboard, but they use Bluetooth LE and the processing power of an iOS device to handle the sophisticated control algorithms that let the car not only know its position on the track, but also react and strategize against other racing cars. You can race friends or family on the track, a vinyl sheet you roll out onto the floor, with each of you controlling your own car using the app, or you can race against a computerized AI opponent. You can also just sit back, set multiple cars on autopilot, and take bets on which AI vehicle — each designed by renowned automotive designer Harald Belker — will win. Positioning on the track, speed, and virtual weapons like a tractor beam or rail gun can be employed to win a game as well. Trying out Anki Drive for the first time, it took only a few minutes to get a hang of the strategy involved in beating your opponent (in my case, the first to get five shots on another car). It was also clear that it would take practice to race against the harder levels of Anki’s robotic opponents. The more you play, the more your car gets optimized to you personally, both through the way you play and through the digital features you can upgrade your car with. “We think Apple was pretty excited to see how its mobile device and technology helped unlock an entirely new way to create video games in the real world,” Sofman said. “Mobile devices are a natural frontrunner for the ‘brains’ behind consumer robotics applications.” Anki’s not alone in this field, though. Orbotix co-founder Ian Bernstein told WIRED that he thinks this new realm of mixed-reality gaming is a revolutionary experience. Orbotix makes a Bluetooth-controlled robotic ball called Sphero that can be used in conjunction with about 25 iOS games (it’s Android compatible, too). Through these apps, the ball can transform from a pseudo game of Simon to a zombie killing machine to an artistic tool. But without a smartphone, Sphero is just a regular old plastic ball. Why would Apple take a shine to Sphero? In addition to offering it in its stores, the company went so far as to create a commercial highlighting the ball’s propensity to inspire creativity.
#Mobile #TechNews - #Sony Launches #SmartWatch2 , #XperiaZUltra , #XperiaZ1 in the U.S. Sony's trio of inter-compatible gadgets, the SmartWatch 2, Xperia Z Ultra phablet and Xperia Z1 smartphone, is now available in the United States. The SmartWatch 2, which was first introduced in June at Shanghai's Mobile Asia Expo, is designed as a companion to your Sony smartphone, tablet or phablet. The dust-proof, water-resistant device has a 1.6-inch, 220 x 176 pixel screen and 3-4 days of battery life, according to Sony. The SmartWatch 2 supports NFC for easy pairing with Android 4.0+ smartphones, and is compatible with Gmail, Facebook and Twitter. It retails for $199.95. We've also known about Sony's 6.4-inch Xperia Z Ultra since the summer. It sports a Qualcomm Snapdragon 800 processor and an 8-megapixel camera, and has a retail price of $649.99 (for the HSPA+ variant) or $679.99 (for the LTE variant). The newest device in this bunch is the Xperia Z1, Sony's 20.7-megapixel flagship smartphone that retails for $669.99. You can read our detailed review of it here. Each of these devices is available now in Sony's online store and a selection of other online stores, as well as select Sony's retail stores. Have something to add to this story? Share it in the comments.
#Alfresco , #TechNews - This Just In: 2013 #ConnectedEnterprise Survey Results. Surprise! 63% of Business Users Want Technology Provided by IT. San Mateo, California - September 30, 2013 - Traditional enterprise boundaries are fading as organizations embrace disruptive communications. In a survey of 1,600 global workers carried out for Alfresco by Loudhouse, an independent research agency, reveal user demands are being heard and, if IT can adapt to meet these needs, can drive a new era of enterprise productivity. “This research confirms what we have been hearing from our customers: BYOD and the use of consumer cloud apps is a response to limitations in enterprise productivity tools - not a revolution against IT,” said Doug Dennerline, CEO of Alfresco. “This survey shows that progressive IT organizations are listening and in fact, are often driving the use of disruptive tools despite being caught between enterprise requirements and user needs. With so much work happening beyond enterprise walls, it is time for a new class of enterprise tools that meet both user and enterprise productivity needs.” According to employees surveyed, 78 percent of business users see their number of business connections increasing by 20 percent over the next two years as they rely on greater communications with customers (57%), employees based off-site (55%) and employees based on-site (51%) to propel business. Yet only 18 percent of respondents describe their company as extremely effective at connecting people and sharing knowledge to move business forward. Key report findings, include: Security drives business and IT decision making; users focus on speed while IT targets compliance. Globally, 70 percent see the trend of employees using their own personal collaboration tools and applications for work purposes increasing. The most common methods to share business documents in the last 12 months among business users are - work email (89%), personal email (54%), via USB stick/ CD (53%) and instant messaging (44%). Security and speed shapre how business decision makers (BMD) share documents. The key drivers for BDMs when choosing how to share documents are the security of documents (56%) and security of company network (53%). 40 percent of IT decision makers surveyed consider compliance the biggest challenge. Employees are frustrated with BYOD limitations. 84 percent of business users have experienced issues with sending and exchanging large files over the past 12 months. Business users are frustrated by - managing email volumnes (49%), time spent looking for documents (44%) and the number of different versions of documents (38%). Employee demands are being heard; IT is moving, but not fast enough. IT departments lead the use of more innovative collaboration tools such as public cloud sharing (39%) and private cloud sharing (48%) - 49% say they proactively encourage people to use their own cloud-based applications to collaboration at work, while 28% are resistant. 87 percent of IT decision makers see it as important for mobile workers to be able to collaborate on documents using tablets and smartphones. 82 percent want to be able to integrate cloud and on-premise systems. 88 percent think partners, clients and suppliers should be able to collaborate on processes not just documents with only 28% of employees believe IT is responsive. IT’s role needs to become information enablers. Business users prefer to use tools mandated by the organization (63%) rather than tools of their own choice (37%). 89 percent of business users would like to see a single secure connection to document sharing tools regardless of the device used. The nature of the document has a bearing on the choice of sharing method - privacy and confidentiality of the document being the most important consideration (60%), followed by size of the file (57%) and upload speed (47%). Additional Resources: Connected Enterprise Global Survey results Connected Enterprise Survey Infographic AIIM Seminar Event Series Research Methodology: 1600 total online interviews across eight global markets were conducted in May 2013 for the Extended Enterprise survey. Organizations that participated had a minimum of 500 employees and spanned a number of industries including financial services, the public sector, publishing and manufacturing. Tags - #Alfresco , #ContentCollaboration , #ContentManagement , #HybridCloud
Please let us know your thoughts on this post.....
+ Jan Pfitzner This Infographic was taken From Alfresco Website, For More information you can check this link - Thanks for the query...
#Mobile #TechNews - #TrueView Turns Your #Smartphone Into a #3DCamera . In the early '90s, the closest we got to 3D vision was the Fisher-Price View-Master. The new True-View reminds us of that trusty old Fisher-Price toy — but instead of switching out slides, this device transforms your smartphone into a 3D photo and video camera. After turning on the True-View app and inserting your smartphone into the device's slot, you can take a picture or video in 3D and view it later in 3D, too. The device creates 3D images by splitting frames into two side-by-side images — one on the left and one on the right — and a series of mirrors reflect and merge the images into a single 3D image. This process is called "stereoscopic 3D imaging." You can shoot your own original content in 3D, or even use True-View to watch 3D clips and movies on YouTube, which has supported 3D capability since 2009. Currently, True-View is still in the prototyping phase, and is waiting on funding from its Kickstarter campaign to move forward in production. The initial app was exclusively designed for the iPhone 5, but the development team has now adjusted the app to be compatible with iOS and Android phones. However, it needs more funding to officially manufacture this new app, which will be free to download. A team of designers at London-based startup The Pratley Company has been working on the True-View and its accompanying smartphone app over the past year. Peter Brennan, lead designer and founder of The Pratley Company, was inspired to develop True-View after his grandfather passed away. He took a three-month road trip across the United States, where he found a View-Master at a thrift shop in Portland, Ore. "I had one as a kid, so we bought it and the 3D pics you could see were amazing," Brennan wrote in an email to Mashable. "That was kind of the 'lightbulb moment.' Old school meets new school. The quality and heritage and tradition of the old manufacturing years is beautiful, and we're trying to feature that when we bring a product to market." True-View launched on Kickstarter last month, and aims to raise 125,000 pounds (nearly $200,000) by Nov. 1. So far, the campaign has raised over 4,000 pounds (nearly $6,800) in funding. The first 100 backers that contribute 65 pounds (around $100) or more will receive a True-View camera and app. The Kickstarter campaign for Poppy, another 3D camera, was fully funded in July. Brennan emphasized that True-View has a different strategy than Poppy's. "We've positioned the True-View as a collectors' item with a bit of a hipster feel to it," he said. "We hope that anyone who likes the 'retro-ness' of Instagram, for example, will be interested in what we're doing ... True-View would look great on your mantlepiece next to your vinyl collection or an old vintage camera." What do you think of the True-View? Would you support its Kickstarter campaign? Let us know in the comments, below. Tags - #CAMERA , #GADGETS , #IPHONE , #PHOTOGRAPHY , #SMARTPHONE
#MobileNews - '#AngryBirdsGo' #DownhillRacer Is Coming Dec. 11. #AngryBirds Go! will head to phones and tablets on Dec. 11, #Rovio announced Tuesday, also revealing the first gameplay trailer for the #racing #game . Angry Birds Go! is a major departure for the birds and pigs. It's a downhill racing game that puts Rovio's popular characters into cars. The colorful gameplay footage resembles other popular cart-racing franchises, like Mario Kart. It takes place on Piggy Island, and features villainous pigs as well. The game features in-race powerups and hazards to slip up drivers. Players also can customize their cart as they improve and earn in-game currency. The game will also support Telepods, toys created by Hasbro that can be scanned into the game. Telepods were first introduced for Angry Birds Star Wars II in September, allowing players to scan their favorite characters into the game. The telepods will go on sale before the game's launch, and fans can download a free preview app to test out their capabilities. Rovio has not announced the platforms for Angry Birds Go!, but its past game launches indicate a game that will play on several types of devices. The new Angry Birds game will be free to play. Have something to add to this story? Share it in the comments. Tags - #ANGRYBIRDS , #ANGRYBIRDSGO , #ENTERTAINMENT , #GAMING , #ROVIO
#Mobile #TechNews - #Windows8 Phone #update —plus a new developer preview #program . Click on the link to read more...
#MobileNews - #HTCOneMax Is Official: #FingerprintScanner , 5.9-Inch Screen. HTC has announced the HTC One Max, a 5.9-inch #phablet sporting a similar aluminum appearance to the company's flasghip smartphone, the HTC One. Originally rumored to be launched at IFA Berlin, the One Max comes to us about a month later, and with a couple of surprises. One of them is the fingerprint scanner, located on the back of the phone, and the other is a removable back cover, which lets you expand the memory storage with microSD cards up to 64GB in capacity. Other than that, the specs are quite predictable: 16GB or 32GB of included storage memory, a quad-core Snapdragon 600 processor, 2GB of RAM, HTC's 4-megapixel UltraPixel camera and Android 4.3, enhanced with HTC's Sense 5.5 UI. The 5.9-inch screen sports a 1080p resolution, and the included battery is of the 3,300mAh variety. How do you like the HTC One Max? Share your thoughts in the comments! Tags - #HTC , #HTCONEMAX , #MOBILE
#Alfresco , #TechNews - This Just In: 2013 #ConnectedEnterprise Survey Results. Surprise! 63% of Business Users Want Technology Provided by IT. San Mateo, California - September 30, 2013 - Traditional enterprise boundaries are fading as organizations embrace disruptive communications. In a survey of 1,600 global workers carried out for Alfresco by Loudhouse, an independent research agency, reveal user demands are being heard and, if IT can adapt to meet these needs, can drive a new era of enterprise productivity. “This research confirms what we have been hearing from our customers: BYOD and the use of consumer cloud apps is a response to limitations in enterprise productivity tools - not a revolution against IT,” said Doug Dennerline, CEO of Alfresco. “This survey shows that progressive IT organizations are listening and in fact, are often driving the use of disruptive tools despite being caught between enterprise requirements and user needs. With so much work happening beyond enterprise walls, it is time for a new class of enterprise tools that meet both user and enterprise productivity needs.” According to employees surveyed, 78 percent of business users see their number of business connections increasing by 20 percent over the next two years as they rely on greater communications with customers (57%), employees based off-site (55%) and employees based on-site (51%) to propel business. Yet only 18 percent of respondents describe their company as extremely effective at connecting people and sharing knowledge to move business forward. Key report findings, include: Security drives business and IT decision making; users focus on speed while IT targets compliance. Globally, 70 percent see the trend of employees using their own personal collaboration tools and applications for work purposes increasing. The most common methods to share business documents in the last 12 months among business users are - work email (89%), personal email (54%), via USB stick/ CD (53%) and instant messaging (44%). Security and speed shapre how business decision makers (BMD) share documents. The key drivers for BDMs when choosing how to share documents are the security of documents (56%) and security of company network (53%). 40 percent of IT decision makers surveyed consider compliance the biggest challenge. Employees are frustrated with BYOD limitations. 84 percent of business users have experienced issues with sending and exchanging large files over the past 12 months. Business users are frustrated by - managing email volumnes (49%), time spent looking for documents (44%) and the number of different versions of documents (38%). Employee demands are being heard; IT is moving, but not fast enough. IT departments lead the use of more innovative collaboration tools such as public cloud sharing (39%) and private cloud sharing (48%) - 49% say they proactively encourage people to use their own cloud-based applications to collaboration at work, while 28% are resistant. 87 percent of IT decision makers see it as important for mobile workers to be able to collaborate on documents using tablets and smartphones. 82 percent want to be able to integrate cloud and on-premise systems. 88 percent think partners, clients and suppliers should be able to collaborate on processes not just documents with only 28% of employees believe IT is responsive. IT’s role needs to become information enablers. Business users prefer to use tools mandated by the organization (63%) rather than tools of their own choice (37%). 89 percent of business users would like to see a single secure connection to document sharing tools regardless of the device used. The nature of the document has a bearing on the choice of sharing method - privacy and confidentiality of the document being the most important consideration (60%), followed by size of the file (57%) and upload speed (47%). Additional Resources: Connected Enterprise Global Survey results Connected Enterprise Survey Infographic AIIM Seminar Event Series Research Methodology: 1600 total online interviews across eight global markets were conducted in May 2013 for the Extended Enterprise survey. Organizations that participated had a minimum of 500 employees and spanned a number of industries including financial services, the public sector, publishing and manufacturing. Tags - #Alfresco , #ContentCollaboration , #ContentManagement , #HybridCloud
#Cloud #TechNews - #Salesforce .com’s Platform, #MarketingCloudArms To Reach $1B: Pacific Crest. Pacific Crest’s Brendan Barnicle reiterated his Outperform rating on Salesforce.com (CRM) after meeting with co-founder Parker Harris yesterday. Barnicle sees both the company’s Platform and its Marketing Cloud businesses reaching the $1 billion mark, and writes that extensive investment in these areas should also boost margins. He calls the recent pullback in the stock a buying opportunity, as he sees upside as high as $57. Read more details about the individual businesses below: Platform in the running to be Salesforce.com’s next billion-dollar business. Parker Harris emphasized Salesforce.com’s long-term investments in Platform and that its service goes beyond Amazon Web Services. We estimate that Salesforce has well over 1 million users on the Platform, and it is likely generating over $100 million in revenue. With so many rapidly growing companies on the Salesforce Platform, it is easy to see how the subscriber base could reach several million and drive as much as $1 billion in revenue. ExactTarget is also providing Salesforce with critical analytics. Parker acknowledged that ExactTarget’s native analytics are better than the core Salesforce analytics, largely because of ExactTarget’s B2B customer base. ExactTarget processes more data than Salesforce.com. Salesforce is using ExactTarget to help drive the Marketing Cloud to $1 billion in revenue. Since ExactTarget was on a $400 million revenue run rate, it should help Marketing Cloud reach $1 billion much faster than it would have on its own.
#Mobile #TechNews - 7-inch #Archos #GamePad2 #gaming #tablet is now official, only costs $200. Digging the idea of the NVIDIA Shield, but looking for something a bit more affordable? The Archos Gamepad 2 could be exactly what you’re looking for. The upcoming gaming tablet features a built-in physical controller, reasonably decent specs and a price tag of $200 in the United States, or € 212.36 for those in Europe. So what exactly does that $200 net you? The Gamepad features a quad-core ARM Cortex-A9 CPU, 2GB RAM, a 7-inch IPS display with a 1280 x 800 resolution, 8GB storage, microSD, HDMI, Wi-Fi and the power of Android 4.2 Jelly Bean. While the Nvidia Shield is more powerful and offers PC streaming, the Archos Gamepad does have a bigger display and represents a savings of $100. Additionally, the design of the Archos Gamepad 2 likely makes it more comfortable for those times when you want to use the device as a more conventional tablet. As for the games, the Archos Gamepad has full Google Play support and is even partnering up with Gameloft to give you two full games out of the box, Asphalt 8: Airborne and Modern Combat 4: Zero Hour. For those interested in the GamePad 2, you’ll have your chance to pick one up by the end of the month in Europe, or sometime in the 4th quarter of this year for those in the United States. How about it – anyone interested in picking this one up, or would you rather fork over a bit more cash to get the Nvidia Shield? Tags - #AndroidGaming , #ArchosGamepad2
#Mobile #TechNews - How to run #Android4 .3 on your #PC using #VirtualBox . VirtualBox is an open source virtualization software that allows you to emulate a real computer. In this case it will be a x86-based computer. We need first to install it. You can download installation at.... Click on the link to red more...
#TechNews - #Microsoft Promises Quick #App Approvals Following #Windows8 .1 Release. After a public face plant regarding the release of its operating system update to developers, Microsoft today announced that applications built for Windows 8.1 will be approved no more than five days following their submission, once the new build of Windows becomes generally available. That means that come October 18, when Windows 8.1 becomes downloadable by all, apps submitted to take advantage of its improvements won’t be tied up by a long line, harming developers who want to stay ahead of the curve. It’s an interesting gambit. The Windows Store on Windows 8, as Microsoft will tell you, has more than 100,000 applications. The real number, though, is north of 115,000. Whatever the case, if even a decent slice of that app set were to submit an update at once, it would flood Microsoft’s approval staff. Microsoft previously announced that developers would not be given access to the final build of Windows 8.1 before its general release. That was greeted with a giant raspberry from the coding cohort, and Microsoft later recanted its take and promised the code a month early. However, even with that recantation, Windows 8.1 applications cannot be submitted before the general availability of the operating system. That’s why this matters: Microsoft is forcing developers to wait until 8.1 is fully baked and out in the wild before they can hit go on their apps. By promising that submitted apps, even given the restrictions in place, will be filed in short order, Microsoft is extending a tentative kiss to developers it recently razzled. What this also means is that there will be all but zero Windows 8.1 applications available for download on the day that Windows 8.1 hits the masses. Here’s Microsoft on the matter: The RTM versions of tools, services, and platform are required for store submissions which will open up for new Windows 8.1 apps beginning at general availability on October 18. So, no Windows 8.1 applications at launch, but likely a goodly number a few days after. Image Via - Dell inc. Tags - #Windows81
#TechNews - #VEVO Launches #Music Video #App For #Samsung #SmartTVs & Blu-Ray Players. VEVO announced that it is launching on yet another connected TV platform today, making its music videos now available on the latest Samsung Smart TV products. The launch will grow the number of viewers who will have access to the company’s streaming service, while also improving monetization of its content. Over the past several years, VEVO has moved to make its music video apps ubiquitous across all screens and all connected devices. It started out on mobile devices and tablets but has been gradually expanded to Roku, Apple TV, and the Xbox. As a result, VEVO’s app becoming available on Samsung Smart TVs isn’t that big of a surprise. The app will be made available on Samsung Smart TV products — both actual HDTVs and Blu-Ray players — from 2012 and 2013, and will work in a number of different geographies, including the U.S., Australia, Brazil, Canada, France, Germany, Ireland, Italy, The Netherlands, New Zealand, Poland, Spain, and the U.K. According to the company’s blog post, the Samsung app is built for TV viewers. When launched, it will go directly to the company’s recently launched live VEVO TV interface. VEVO TV is kind of like the next-generation of MTV, built for the streaming video set — it’s a human-programmed group of music videos that runs in a linear feed. From the Samsung TV app, viewers will also be able to browse different genres of music videos to get a continuous feed of certain types of music. They’ll also be able to view playlists that they’ve put together once they’ve connected the app to their own individual accounts. For VEVO, the goal is not just to get its 75,000 music videos in all the different places where viewers might see them, but to better monetize those videos on new platforms. Since the company controls all the ad sales and placement on new connected TV platforms, it gets more money than for videos that appear on, say, YouTube. While YouTube is still the biggest single distribution platform for VEVO, more of its revenue is coming from new platforms and from original content. Expect VEVO to try to take advantage of this as it expands to even more online and connected devices as time goes on. Tags: #vevo , #samsung
#Mobile #TechNews - #Samsung Announces #GalaxyRound With 5.7-Inch #CurvedDisplay . Samsung has announced its first smartphone with a curved display, called the Galaxy Round. The device has a slightly rounded 5.7-inch, 1080p Super AMOLED screen in a 7.9mm-thick case, with the weight being 154 grams. Samsung claims the curved design of the phone offers a very comfortable grip, plus some unique features. One of these is the Roll Effect (check it out in the video above), which lets users check info such as data, time, missed calls and battery status when the home screen is off. Another is the Gravity Effect, which creates a visual interaction with the screen when the device is tilted. As for the rest of the specs, they're definitely high-end: a 2.3GHz quad-core processor, 3GB of RAM, 32GB of storage memory, a 13-megapixel rear camera (plus a 2-megapixel shooter on the front) and a 2,800mAh battery. The device will become available October 10 in Korea in Luxury Brown color; Samsung has not revealed the launch date or pricing for other markets, but it did say more colors will be available soon. How do you like Samsung's curvy smartphone? Share your thoughts in the comments. Tags - #GalaxyRound , #SAMSUNG , #SamsungGalaxyRound , #TECH
#Mobile #TechNews - how to Make #iOS7 #battery Last Longer? #Apple #iPhone Since the release of iOS 7 many people have been facing insane battery drainages, especially those having iPhone 5 and iPhone 4s. Although you cannot be completely obliterate this issue but what you can do is control the battery problem to some extent. We are pretty sure that Apple will roll out an update soon to address this problem just as they released iOS 7.0.2 update to rectify the passcode issue. To make your iOS 7 battery last longer, you just need to make few changes in the Settings and turning few things off. Given below are some of the tweaks you can apply for your iOS 7 battery to last more than a day. Tweaking Spotlight Settings iOS 7 provides you with an amazing search tool called the Spotlight that allows you to search almost anything on your phone by swiping down from the top of screen. But with all the benefits, Spotlight takes great deal of toll on your battery. You can limit the amount of things Spotlight indexes to provide you with search result by going to the Settings > General > Spotlight search. Allow Spotlight to indexes only those things that you search most often. Keep Brightness Low This is probably of the very first things that come to our mind when it comes to saving battery. In iOS 7 this can be done pretty easily, rather than going to the Settings, simply swipe up from the bottom of the screen and there you will find Brightness slider in the Control Center. Adjust the brightness according to your need. Set Parallax to Off One of the features that were introduced in iOS 7 was the Parallax. Parallax enhances the UI of your phone by making things look 3D and making your background sort of live. This again consumes your battery, to stop Parallax all you need to is go to Settings > General > Accessibility > Reduce Motion. Turning the Reduce Motion on will stop the Parallax. Background Apps iOS 7 introduces the whole new multitasking which allows the apps to refresh even when they are running in the background. You can always stop some or all the apps from refreshing in the background to save your iOS 7 battery. To do so go to Settings > General, there you can either turn off all the apps from refreshing by disabling Background Apps Refresh service or you can turn it off for individual apps. Set Frequent Locations to Off iPhone keeps track of the locations you most often visit in order to provide you with useful location based information. That certainly drains your batter a lot, to turn it off go to the Settings > Privacy > Location Services. Scroll down to the System Services and in there you will find Location Based iAds, turn it off. After that go to the Frequent Locations and turn it off as well. Moving Wallpapers This is something that totally depends on you, if you want to use those aesthetic new iOS 7’s moving wallpapers then good but if you still want to save tad bit of iOS 7 battery life then use static wallpapers. Go to the Settings > Wallpapers & Brightness and choose those beautifully designed static wallpapers or some other photo.
#Mobile #TechNews - #Hangouts 1.3 Will Reportedly Add #SMS , Giving #Android Its Own #iMessage Equivalent. #Google is said to be prepping an update to its Hangouts instant messaging/video chat Android app that would allow it to integrate with SMS, making it possible to get all text and #MMS messages right in the same inbox. That would fulfill a promise made a long time ago, near when Hangouts was first announced, by Hangouts and Chat community manager Dori Storbeck. The new info comes from Android Police, which says it had heard that Google would be building SMS integration into Hangouts in a version releasing soon, a report which was then corroborated by screenshots from an anonymous tipster. In the screenshots, Hangouts is depicted as showing messages clearly sent “via SMS,” as well as being able to “Send an SMS message” in the existing compose screen. There’s also a screenshot of the settings where SMS can be toggled on and off. The update would also offer up video sharing via Hangouts, the report claims, but the biggest news for both Google and for other third-party messaging platforms would be the SMS integration. It would consolidate one more service/app offering into Hangouts for Google, which has already subsumed Google Talk and Google+ Messenger. It would be easy to see it taking the next logical step from there and offering VoIP services, too, providing a complete over-the-top service. It would also be potentially bad news for competitors like WhatsApp and Facebook Messenger. FB’s messaging app already offers SMS integration, but Google’s Hangouts version would ship on devices pre-installed, and could conceivably replace the Messaging app altogether, making it the default option for Android users. It could also eat away at more carrier business, as combining the two and favoring Google+ based messaging first would have a similar effect to iMessage, where carriers eventually derive less revenue from shuttling SMS content back and forth. SMS has long been in the cards for Hangouts, and hopefully it’s arriving soon. There’s no timeline attached to the report, apart from some speculation it could arrive with Android KitKat, but in all likelihood this functionality will be generally available to Hangouts users regardless of their OS version. Tags: #android , #SMS , #hangouts , #mms
MobileNews - Taking the #Nokia #Lumia1020 to the macro level to get great #photos at tiny distances...
#MobileFun - 5 must do #Pranks to Play on Your Friend's #iPhone . When attempting to prank your friends, stealth is key. You also have to really want to make them feel as much pain and humiliation as possible. Luckily, the existence of smartphones can help a lot. Besides the old-fashioned and, lets be honest, predictable method of simply hacking a friend's Facebook or Twitter, the iPhone's features make it particularly well-suited for pranks. Because we're firm believers in a good prank, we've come up with six great ways to prank your friend's iPhone. Have any more phone pranks for making your loved ones miserable? Tell us about them in the comments. 1. The "Stuck in the iPhone" Prank A quick and easy, the ol' "stuck in the phone" lock screen bit is a modern classic, and requires little effort on your part. Using your ninja skills, simply hack into your friend's iPhone, and take a picture of yourself behind a pane of glass. Then go into Settings and make that picture your friend's lock screen. The next time he opens his phone, he'll be impressed by your sneakiness. 2. The "Autocorrect Everything" Prank If you're looking to infuriate your friends and potentially cause them some really awkward text conversations with their contacts, you should consider the autocorrect dictionary prank. In the general settings of a friend's iPhone, click on Keyboard and scroll to the bottom where it says Add New Shortcut. There, you can create a new autocorrect word or phrase that the iPhone will attempt to enter whenever your friend types a common word. Don't worry, some day they'll look back at this and laugh. 3. The "Contact Switcheroo" Prank No-brainer here. After what we'll call "friendly stealing" your pal's phone, switch up his contacts' names and numbers. Change his significant other's phone number to his mom's phone number. Direct his best friend's number (assuming that's no longer you) to that of a local pizzeria. You get the drill. 4. The "Broken Touch Screen" Prank This prank will require a solid distraction, as your friend will need to be away from his device for up to 10 minutes. Take a screenshot of your friend's homescreen, and make that screenshot his wallpaper. Then drag all of his home screen apps into a folder on the second screen, leaving the homescreen as if it were frozen and un-clickable. 5. The "iPhoneception" Prank The iPhoneception site allows you to get a little sophisticated with your pranks. Open the site with your friend's mobile browser and select one of the available animations. Create a homepage bookmark and open the animation. When your friend unlocks his phone, he'll watch his apps blow up, crumble off the screen or turn into kittens. Then he'll probably stop being your friend.
#TechNews - #FiLIP , A #Smartwatch For #Kids , Will Be Home For The Holidays. Just in time for frenzied family trips to the mall — i.e. the holiday season — #WearableTech maker Filip Technologies is preparing to take its first product to market, a GPS and mobile-enabled watch that keeps children and their parents in communication. After three years in product development, AT&T has partnered with Filip Technologies as the device’s network provider, distributor, and billing service. Exact pricing and service plans will be announced in the coming weeks, Filip Technologies CEO Jonathan Peachey said. Although the final retail price on the FiLIP watch has not been set, it will not exceed $200. The monthly voice and data plan will be less than that, Peachey added, the aim being to not burden the average family’s monthly mobile budget. The colorful two-button watch, worn by the child and hooked up to an app on a parent’s phone, can make and receive calls to the parent. It also uses a combination of GPS, cell tower location, and WiFi triangulation to act as a locator, and there’s an emergency button that begins ambient sound recording and connects the child with emergency services. And although smartwatches are so hot right now, it’s wearable primarily because kids are prone to losing things not attached to their bodies. The FiLIP watch is aimed at children 11 and younger, given that many parents don’t want to buy their kids a cell phone until they’re a bit older. Although there are GPS devices and phones with limited calling capabilities targeted at children on the market, it’s a diversity of features that Filip Technologies is hoping will set its product apart. “You need a combination of location and voice,” Peachey said. “I can’t point to a product that does the features we do in a wearable product.” This summer has marked a few milestones in the development of the product. FiLIP passed its FCC certification in late July, making it the first wearable mobile device with full two-way voice capability to do so. Earlier that month, Peachey joined the Filip team from Virgin Group, where he was the CEO of Virgin Management USA and later an advisor to Sir Richard Branson. It took about two years of engineering effort to get the product to a place where it could enter FCC testing, Peachey said. During that time the engineering team built a large scale prototype and then spent nine months shrinking it down to the size it is today. An official drop date isn’t set yet, but the device will land in stores in the next few months. Tags: #smartwatch , #watch , #kids , #Gadgets
#TechNews - Was #Samsung ’s #GalaxyGear Spot Inspired By #Apple ’s #iPhone ‘Hello’? Over the weekend, Samsung began airing a series of spots about the Galaxy Gear #smartwatch , mostly as an introduction to the product. There was a simple spot with a series of futuristic wrist-based gadgets, presented solo, and a ‘supercut’ spot which combined shots of those gadgets in use from classic science fiction TV and movies. The spot is very effective, some are calling it Samsung’s best commercial ever, which I think could very well be true. The clips are well chosen, with a good mix of cartoons and live action offerings. There’s Knight Rider’s Michael Knight, speaking to his talking car; Captain Kirk using a rare wrist-mounted version of the traditional ‘communicator’; the oft-referenced Dick Tracy and his two-way radio. In what is in interesting….coincidence, there is also a reference to Marine Boy’s wrist communicator. Marine Boy is also the avatar used by Apple SVP of worldwide marketing Phil Schiller on Twitter. When I saw the spot for the first time last night during the ‘Niners game I immediately saw a resemblance to Apple’s ‘Hello’ spot introducing the iPhone. That spot was originally aired during the Oscars in 2007 and also featured a supercut of old movies, with a series of people saying “hello” into phones of the time. I was sitting waiting for a takeout pizza and saw the spot. My mind jumped right to the ‘Hello’ spot because there was too many similarities to ignore. That assessment wasn’t based off of careful consideration or analysis. Just a general impression. But that’s often the way advertising works best, by giving a ‘general impression’ of something. After thinking about it for a bit, it seems clear that the Samsung spot had to have been ‘inspired’ at some point by the ‘Hello’ spot. The marketing firm in charge of this spot was Cheil, which is Samsung’s in-house ad wing. They have no other clients. It seems highly likely that Cheil would have used the ‘Hello’ spot as a part of their pitch to the Samsung executives in charge of the Gear launch. But, news flash, this is exactly how ad agencies work. They often use established works to create an impression for their clients, and then the ads are built off of those impressions. And since Cheil is the in-house agency for Samsung, it seems likely that they’re pretty limited creatively. They execute on their only client’s ideas, with an enormous budget, but they can’t exactly tell them they’re not the right agency for the job and move on when their sole client’s ideas are intellectually bankrupt. There is absolutely nothing wrong with Samsung taking inspiration from the ‘Hello’ spot. However—and this is an important note — Samsung is a company which has had a billion-dollar judgement against it for copying Apple’s work. If I was a company which had gained a reputation for copying Apple’s work, the last thing I’d want is to have my advertising associated with anything they’d ever done. Examining the Samsung spot closer, there are a number of differences in execution between it and the ‘Hello’ spot. Yes, they’re both supercuts and yes, they both use old movies to make their point. But the Galaxy Gear spot shows objects from the future, not the past, and positions the Gear product as something bringing those future things to the now, not replacing the devices of the past. In what is a moment of incredible irony, the clips that Samsung chose for its spot actually make the Gear look pretty terrible in comparison. The gadgets in those clips and movies did amazing, wonderful things like communicating across vast areas of space and analyzing the environment. Only a few of them were actually ‘phones’ — which is how Samsung pitches the Gear. With the ‘Hello’ spot, Apple showed phones. Simple phones. Used for over 100 years to do roughly the same thing…say ‘hello’. And then the iPhone at the end, a device that was a phone, but also offered a lot more in an attractive package. Note that I’m not saying smartphones hadn’t been around, I’m just talking about how the spot presented it. Apple was saying that those were the ‘old way’ and this was the ‘new way’. And it was right. All smartphones now look basically like the image that Apple presented at the end of that spot The spot is very effective, and I think that it will do very well with the public. It might even be a contender for a Cannes Lions award when that rolls around — and I doubt that being ‘inspired’ by Apple will hurt those chances. It’s too bad the product that it’s advertising is so very bad, by most accounts, but it wouldn’t be the first time that an ad was better than a product. It seems clear that the ‘Hello’ spot was an inspiration for Samsung’s Galaxy Gear spot, but that doesn’t mean that it wasn’t executed well or won’t be effective. It also doesn’t mean that it was a ‘copy’, because it’s not. But it does demonstrate a distinct difference in thinking between Samsung and Apple, both of whom exercise enormous control over their advertising. Tags: #apple , #samsung , #iphone , #GalaxyGear
