Climate change is a natural part of Earth's history - but that's on a geological time scale. Over the last 9000 years (aka the entire history of human civilization) the global climate has been extremely stable and unchanging. There is no precedent for cyclical global climate change during human civilization and there's many reasons to think it would turn out badly for us (such as our tendency to live by bodies of water and our dependency on agriculture for food.) So even if humans were not causing it, a change in the climate would still be a serious and unprecedented problem for us - however the mounting scientific evidence is showing humans are causing it. About this article: first of all, the headline is totally misleading: it says "the Earth's temperature hasn't risen for the last 15 years", but then the article itself says the temperature is rising, but the rate of increase is less than previous years. So right off the bat, the headline is completely contradicting the article: the report says the temperature IS rising. The article even briefly goes into the accepted scientific explanation for the recent slow down in rising temperatures: "natural variations such as the El Nino and La Nina ocean cycles and the cooling effects of volcanoes." Nothing in the article comes close to implying that global temperatures stopped rising or that man made climate change isn't happening. Your reaction shows exactly why there's hesitation to release information like this to the public. You jumped on one tiny factoid, and yelled "Ah ha! This proves man made climate change is a hoax! I knew it all along!" to anyone willing to listen, completely ignoring the complexity of issue - in fact ignoring the contents of the article you were talking about. Unfortunately, scientists have discovered over the last decade that they can't simply report their findings on climate change to the public without any PR management - because when they do, people like you wildly distort and misrepresent it to reach preconceived conclusions that contradict the actual research.
