+ April Baum _may_ have overreacted concerning body type. However, both + April Baum and + Linda Baxter echo my feelings. I am almost ready to uncircle because of this and similar posts. This post suggests that this is why we should work out. I get that this is a joke, but I circled + John Pozadzides for content, not so that I could see more and more women treated like objects, nothing more than eye-candy. The photo is tasteless in my view, the caption worse, the commenters who are doing the linguistic equivalent of drooling add to the mess. I know that this won't be a popular comment, but I'd be happy with more geek content from "the most dangerous geek in the world" and less of this sort of mess. What shall I tell my two daughters that their daddy is looking at when I'm browsing my stream? I'm looking at a foreshadowing of how the world will treat them once their bodies mature.
+ Travis Bean just to confirm, I have no idea who + John Pozadzides is. I saw some content in the What's Hot stream one day and checked out his profile. When I checked out the "about" section of his profile, his description of himself is "the most dangerous geek in the world". I'm into geek stuff, I saw a few additional posts that I liked, so I circled. Whether this is a personal or professional profile is of little consequence to me. I just mentioned what got me circling him and what tempted me to uncircle him. Everyone will likely feel different about this, but I personally didn't enjoy this image and felt it did women a disservice.
Ouch + Javier Torres ! No trolling here. I recognize that I'll see lots of stuff that doesn't fit my tastes on the Internet. I choose to keep content that ends up with more in the plus column for me than in the minus column - just like I imagine everyone else does too. I thoroughly enjoy comments too. I thought it was interesting that the two women commenting seemed to have a different opinion, so I threw in a comment too. We all have just as much of a right to comment as the next person. You are correct though, if these posts begin to outweigh the tech content that I enjoy, then I will uncircle. However, until such time, I may still comment here or there.
