Jesus... The teatards really came out in force over this one. We get it: gubmit bad, MegaCorp good. It worked out so well for us during the recent financial crash and our industrialization period.
+ Nathaniel Hourt I work in the banking industry for an institution that weathered the financial crisis quite well. I can assure you banks were not under any requirement to give out bad loans.
+ Marcus Schuff The gentleman's argument was that banks wouldn't intentionally make bad decisions, not that bad decisions weren't possible in that state of regulatory affairs. My point, simply, is that not all banks took those risks because many, particularly community banks and credit unions, recognized the potential dangers of that investment path. It should not be necessary to explain to big banks the global economic importance of conservative investments and a well managed risk profile. This is especially true for the banks in the upper end of Peer Group 1.
+ Nathaniel Hourt please forgive me if I find your business week article and WordPress blog insufficient evidence to support your claims about this industry or the requirements we face.
+ Nathaniel Hourt that is an editorial piece masquerading as peer reviewed fact; it is not representative of the real regulatory environment. I appreciate you taking several minutes if your time to become an ad hoc authority on this matter, but my point stands: if the claims from the right were true, all banks would have suffered because of forced, high risk investments and that did not happen at all levels. Period. You can distrust my qualifications in the industry, but the fact is that the biggest banks were the biggest offenders because they thought the could get away with it. Smaller institutions, largely, moved to avoid those risky investments and needed no bail outs to prop them up after their stupid investment strategies failed.
+ Nathaniel Hourt your premise is false; the banks failed to assess the risk correctly because, for twenty years prior to the collapse, housing prices didn't go down. Smaller institutions were more sensitive to that possibility and planned accordingly. Your claims don't stand to scrutiny because, if you're right, we should have seen a catastrophic collapse of community banks because of their more limited capital pool. That didn't happen. They didn't fail because if bad loans. If it was regulation at fault, community banks would have been much worse off than they were; it was the largest institutions that took the greatest risks and they paid for it.
