New Sony A7R Full-Frame mirrorless takes computational photography to a new level! I got a sneak preview of the whole new Sony camera system. Here’s what you need to know. I’m not gonna take eight paragraphs to tell you the basics. You’re smart; here are the key factors about the new Sony A7R: Full-Frame, 36 Megapixels, Weather-sealed, Crazy autofocus tricks, Much improved noise-reduction, Built-in WIFI and NFC, Improved-everything-else. Am I switching? Yes! Absolutely! I consider this a major upgrade from my NEX-7. Read my full write-up over on my blog:
Thanks for the over 200 comments on that article at on the new Sony camera - very interesting. My internet has been rubbish for the past few days while I've been out in a remote location on a shoot... but now flying back to Queenstown and I'll take time to go through all the comments and respond as best I can. I notice there are a lot of questions about lenses... I'm hardly an expert on Sony Alpha lenses, but there are lots of you out there that are providing really good comments -- looking forward to getting into it all! This photo below was taken with the Sony NEX-7, which I think this new Sony A7r should blow away... which is strange to think about, because I find the NEX-7 to be a great camera... and it looks like this new one will be wonderfully overkill!
Have you ever seen anything like this?
If you're looking for summer it went that-a-way! #definitelyautumn #definitelyfall
Redditer risks his cellphone to get this incredible shot of the sea. #seascape #whitewater #sunsetphotography by Reddit user: robmulally
a colleague at work wrote this great blog post and I just had to share it.
New Sony A7R Full-Frame mirrorless takes computational photography to a new level! I got a sneak preview of the whole new Sony camera system. Here’s what you need to know. I’m not gonna take eight paragraphs to tell you the basics. You’re smart; here are the key factors about the new Sony A7R: Full-Frame, 36 Megapixels, Weather-sealed, Crazy autofocus tricks, Much improved noise-reduction, Built-in WIFI and NFC, Improved-everything-else. Am I switching? Yes! Absolutely! I consider this a major upgrade from my NEX-7. Read my full write-up over on my blog:
In many ways, Mozilla's App Manager is how any UI development environment should be: • It's über easy to experiment UI changes. This is not a separate tool for editing abstract layout files. It changes the real thing, live. • It uses technologies that many designers are fairly comfortable with (HTML & CSS). This means prototyping ideas should be extremely simple. And it potentially allows designers and engineers to work much closer together on mobile apps. This is where the Web really shines as a UI development platform. This is the kind of stuff that is really hard for any native platform to achieve. I know, there is still a lot of work ahead. But this is all looking very promising! For more information about App Manager, read: https://hacks.mozilla.org/2013/10/introducing-the-firefox-os-app-manager/ #mozilla #appmanager #openwebapps #firefoxos
Made the switch to Ubuntu Gnome and upgraded the DE to 3.10. Loving Wayland, I've been passionate about titlebars/window controls taking up too much valuable real estate on screens. Give me a couple weeks but I'm working on making a custom Icon Pack and GTK/Window theme. The theme will be "Phosphene Numix Redux"(a merge of Phosphene, Numix, and Numix Redux and I will make a light and dark version). The Icon Pack will be called "Plattr"(a merge of Flattr, Plat, and Plateau) Initial theming attached. #showyourdesktop
I'm subscribed to a discussion on adding ASM.js to Chrome. After seeing a new message there, I thought I'd give unrealengine.com/html5 a go and see how well it performs in Chrome and Firefox. On Linux, the framerates weren't great (around 15 - 30 fps) thanks to the fact that graphics drivers still absolutely suck on Linux. Plus, after the first run on Chrome, it refused to play as smoothly, so testing would have suffered. So I switched to windows. The images included in this post reflect the scores I got in windowed and fullscreen modes on both browsers (most recent stable channel), and a second set for Firefox when I uncapped the FPS. Unfortunately, Chrome doesn't seem to have a way to uncap FPS, so I can't get it's true score. Based on just what I saw, I think Chrome might barely edge out Firefox if it weren't frame-limited, based on Chrome having less stutter when both were capped. Still, can't know for sure. I actually have a feeling rendering may be the bottleneck, as CPU usage wasn't a huge factor while running these. An interesting thing about all this is that Chrome technically doesn't use ASM. It actually ignores the "use asm" flag and just executes it like it would any other JavaScript. Firefox on the other hand uses what amounts to an entirely different JS engine to execute the code, which is extremely optimized for the ASM subset. Chrome has made a bunch of optimizations to V8 since ASM started becoming a thing in Firefox, so they have optimized for it some, but mostly those optimizations were for javascript in general and they still don't optimize specifically for ASM. I really wish Chrome allowed changing the fps cap, just so I could see exactly how these two browsers measure up in this benchmark. I am excited to see that ASM.js code will run in Chrome just fine from here on out, and without having to specifically define it as ASM code even.
How-To - Inside the Ancient Japanese Cemetery The night had been dark for many hours by the time I hiked to this point. It was raining and somehow the wetness seemed to make everything even more black. There were old and new crypts, spider webs, lonely rotting wood, creaking trees in the heavy rain, and more strange sounds from the woods. Talk about eerie! Japanese cemeteries are not places that people visit very often. It's bad luck. Naturally, I don't believe in any of that, so it was my good luck it was empty for photography! Of all the spots around Kyoto, this is probably my favorite. There is an area of 1,000 Red Gates that flow up and around a picturesque little mountain. This cemetery is about halfway up the trek and it shoots off to the right. It is both great and annoying to shoot in the rain. I had to carry an umbrella, tripod, bag of camera goodies, and the like, and everything gets all jumbled up when it comes time to set up for a shot. I need an assistant! How did I do this one? There were three exposures +1, 0, -1. Normally I do 5 from +2 to -2, but in this case, it was so dark that the shutter speeds were outrageous enough. I kept the ISO at 200. The 14-24 lens was at 15mm. It was aperture priority at f/5.6. The three shutter speeds were 2/4/8 seconds. Here is one special thing I did on the last exposure. It was DARK out there. And I mean DARK. I had my SB-800 in my bag. On the last exposure, I ran over behind the gate to the right like Carl Lewis, and jammed the "Test" button about 5 times in every direction to light up that area. I almost slipped and died... I have no idea what a police investigator might assume if they found me in the morning.
The Face of the Eiffel Tower by : G. Sarcone
Aww...look at this little cutie
The boat Found on a small walk in Palavas near Montpellier (France).
is not working for me at all
Very productive day at work 7.5 hours of debugging a major problem result is 42 bytes of code.
A nice article that explains a nice easy way of committing good commit messages.
Just read a nice article on designing your page content to maximise product promotion #Advertising #conversionrate
Just heard the best oxymoron from a colleague at work who was talking out loud what they were writing in their email "unhappy smiley face"
The truth behind the exorcist #funny #funnygifs
Hi + stephen smyth Was great to pop into your shop the other week, My wife is loving her new #barbour coat. It looks fab on her. Thanks Ado
