Sony: PlayStation to become more service-oriented The future of PlayStation will see the platform expand to become more service-oriented, Sony United Kingdom managing director Fergal Gara has said. "I think that's good way of putting it really," Gara told OPM in a new interview. "We see PlayStation as a brand, not just as a box." "Going out to 2013 and probably more appropriately 2014, 15, 16, 17 you’ll see start to see PlayStation 4 as a brand and a service, as a set of services, a set of experiences," he added. Gara said the PlayStation 4 itself is the most compelling "service" that Sony can offer right now, but explained that Sony has put the pieces in place to offer compelling, online-enabled services in the future. "For the foreseeable [sic] PlayStation 4 will be the pinnacle in terms of the highest possible experiences, the most powerful service we can offer," he said. "But we can offer many many more. The Gaikai acquisition, PlayStation Vita TV capability. There are lots of pieces here that all point to that direction really. Which is: PlayStation experiences on devices, some Sony devices and non-Sony devices in time as well." #ps4 #sony #gamingnews #videogames
Sony: PlayStation to become more service-oriented The future of PlayStation will see the platform expand to become more service-oriented, Sony United Kingdom managing director Fergal Gara has said. "I think that's good way of putting it really," Gara told OPM in a new interview. "We see PlayStation as a brand, not just as a box." "Going out to 2013 and probably more appropriately 2014, 15, 16, 17 you’ll see start to see PlayStation 4 as a brand and a service, as a set of services, a set of experiences," he added. Gara said the PlayStation 4 itself is the most compelling "service" that Sony can offer right now, but explained that Sony has put the pieces in place to offer compelling, online-enabled services in the future. "For the foreseeable [sic] PlayStation 4 will be the pinnacle in terms of the highest possible experiences, the most powerful service we can offer," he said. "But we can offer many many more. The Gaikai acquisition, PlayStation Vita TV capability. There are lots of pieces here that all point to that direction really. Which is: PlayStation experiences on devices, some Sony devices and non-Sony devices in time as well." #ps4 #sony #gamingnews #videogames
+ Tom Beider I agree, I'm personally a bigger fan of Sony than of Microsoft. So I'd love to see the PS4 do better, and deliver what they promise.
Happy Birthday! 28 years ago today Nintendo released the NES gaming system in New York and other North American markets. Thanks to #NES emulators for Android you can relive your childhood memories. What is your favorite NES game? #gaming #nintendo
Happy Birthday! 28 years ago today Nintendo released the NES gaming system in New York and other North American markets. Thanks to #NES emulators for Android you can relive your childhood memories. What is your favorite NES game? #gaming #nintendo
+ Joe Mays That would be cool, I'd certainly buy (1) - My Favorite Game would be zelda or metroid, luv them both.
Activision has warned Rockstar not to get too comfortable with all of the records GTA V has broken
Why the Desktop PC Remains the Best Choice for Serious Gamers! With the launch of Windows 8, there has been plenty of argument and speculation surrounding the future of PC gaming. Valve's Gabe Newell even went so far as to describe Windows 8, particularly with regards to the new Microsoft Store feature, as a 'catastrophe' for PC gaming. The trend towards mobility, touchscreens and tablet computers has also got a lot of dedicated PC gamers worried. However, compared to any of the other video gaming options, including consoles, the classic desktop computer remains, and shall continue to remain, the best choice for serious gamers and here's why. Full Story Here: #gaming #pcgaming #pcgames
Brazil, Get Ready to Hand Over $1,850 for a PlayStation 4 Next Month It's going to cost gamers in Brazil an arm and a leg to purchase the PlayStation 4 when it launches in the region. Well, not literally an arm and a leg, but the system will cost a whopping 3,999 Brazilian reais, which approximately converts to a staggering $1,850 / €1,368 / £1,150. This reminds us of the hefty price tag Sony slapped on the PlayStation 3 when it released in the country back in August 2010. #gamingnews #gamingconsole #ps4
How Have This Week's Delays Affected Your Anticipation for PS4? It’s ironic that the week that Sony opted to launch its Perfect Day commercial, the PlayStation 4 has suffered its most Imperfect Week since its announcement. It’s perhaps a testament to the Japanese giant’s flawless approach to the next generation that the setbacks have taken so long to materialise, but the prolonged period of positivity surrounding the platform holder doesn’t make the stumbling blocks any easier to stomach. With the next generation system’s launch lineup decreasing by the day, though, how has your anticipation for the console been affected? #gamingnews #gamingconsole #ps4
German site Computer Bild have got hold of a devkit PlayStation 4 and cracked it open. "The era of the new generation of consoles breaks from COMPUTER GAMES PICTURE already today: The first Playstation 4 is the editorial ago and tested for heart and kidney immediately. Get ready in the coming hours and days to a flood of news, images and videos. Be there when the editor switches the console from its packaging. Learn what the PS4 is really under the hood when the editor takes the inner workings of DADDELKISTE under the microscope. In all these and much more you get answers soon. The attached live ticker keeps you in the coming days constantly on the cutting edge of things" View the video here : #ps4 #playstation #unboxing #computerbild
Limited Edition Zelda and Luigi 3DS XL's announced for Europe Nintendo will release two new 3DS XL models across Europe this November, the company has announced. The first machine, which is themed around long-suffering sidekick Luigi, will be released on November 1 and will be available exclusively on the Nintendo store. The handheld console is coloured white, and dotted with silhouettes of Luigi in various shades of green. On November 22, Nintendo will release a Limited Edition 3DS XL to tie-in to the release of The Legend of Zelda: A Link Between Worlds. The machine sports a Triforce on the top and bottom of the console, with the top half coloured gold and the bottom in black. When opened, the machine mirrors the two Triforces seen in the game's logo. Nintendo's The Legend of Zelda: A Link Between Worlds console also includes an eShop code for a copy of the game. The company did not mention a RRP for either console. Earlier today Nintendo announced that UK retailer Game would be offering a miniature Zelda treasure chest to customers preordering A Link Between Worlds. Source GameSpot #gaming #videogames #nintendo #zelda #3ds
The original Grand Theft Auto is getting a 3D remake
By the numbers: Games announced so far for Xbox One Shooting/action games dominate, only five next-gen exclusives announced for 2013. Full Story Here: #xboxone #xboxonenews #gamingnews #gaming
Boogerman Could Be Tossing Snot onto the PS4 and Vita Popular pick ‘n’ flick adventure Boogerman could be making a comeback on the PlayStation 4 and Vita, as part of a new Kickstarter campaign fronted by original creators Mike Stragey and Chris Tremmel. For those unfamiliar with the original, the SEGA Mega Drive gross-‘em-up saw you take control of Snotty Ragsdale, an eccentric millionaire capable of using flatulence and bodily fluids to ward off evil. The next generation refresh will retain the characters and settings from the 1994 classic, but promises to introduce new gameplay mechanics, visuals, and more – all without sacrificing the feel of the 16-bit hit. In order to attain its goals, the aforementioned co-creators have recruited Banjo-Kazooie composer Grant Kirkhope and award-winning writer Jordana Arkin to support their efforts. The group’s currently asking for $375,000 in order to make the repulsive release a reality, and it’s pulled in just under $6,000 at the time of writing. Fortunately, there’s still 34 days of funding time left on the clock, so we’re sure that this will pick up speed over the coming weeks. Pledging just $12 will score you a copy of the game on the PS4 or Vita, should the game get fully funded. The team’s hoping to release the title in November 2014 if the campaign’s successful. As youngsters, we thought that the original Boogerman was the funniest thing in the world. We’re not sure if the stupidity will still play today, but we definitely love the direction that Stragey, Tremmel, and crew are taking with the title. Are you willing to pledge a parp or two to the release’s stinky kitty? Excrete your excitement in the comments section below. Source: Push Square #boogerman #gaming #kickstarterprojects
THOUGHTS: Can Gameplay Have Spoilers Like Stories Can? Can you think of gameplay mechanics that surprised you in a game that were intentionally or at least effectively kept secret until you got to that point in the game? Were they more rewarding than if you’d known about them in advance? Do you think gameplay surprises are less effective or less worthwhile than story surprises? READ Full Story: #gaming #videogames #gameplay
+ Daniel Imbellino That game would always scare the crap out of me! or atleast make me jump a lot....
UK retailer expecting Xbox One to outsell PS4 United Kingdom retailer John Lewis is expecting greater interest in the Xbox One than the PlayStation 4 this holiday season. Head technology buyer for the department store chain Jonathan Marsh told TrustedReviews (via GamesIndustry International) that Microsoft has the advantage and its console will outsell the PS4. "We are expecting more interest in the Xbox One," Marsh said. "We are stocking both the PS4 and the Xbox One, but if we were to back one, we are thinking that Xbox One will appeal a bit more to our customers in terms of the experience it creates." "If we had to edge one I would favor the Xbox One," he added. #ps4 #xboxone #gaming #videogames
Minority Report-style nanotech construction uses Oculus Rift and Razer Hydra The Oculus Rift isn’t even available to the general public, and it’s already being used to explore all sorts of interesting ideas outside the realm of entertainment and gaming. UC Davis instructor Oliver Kreylos has been working on virtual reality for a long time, but using the Oculus Rift and Razer Hydra motion controllers, he has created a demo straight out of Minority Report. This quick video demo of Kreylos’ Nanotech Construction Kit package shows him assembling a Buckminsterfullerene (Buckyball) from 60 carbon atoms. This process, he says, would easily take 45 minutes if done on a regular monitor with a keyboard and mouse. Using the Oculus Rift as a monitor and the Razer Hydra for control allowed him to build the same structure in a little over 2 minutes. So how does it work? Full Story Here: #sony #oculusrift #gamingnews
DRM for the PS4 arrives in the form of account locked PSN games - So much for sharing the DLC & Map Packs you buy with your Friends! Sony was quick to jump on the evil Microsoft bandwagon when it suited them earlier this year, but it looks like they forgot to mention what will happen when you try to purchase games through PSN on PS4. Spoiler alert, Sony’s digital DRM policies are less than friendly to those interested in sharing. If you purchase a game on PSN right now with your PlayStation 3, anyone with access to the console has access to the game. The purchasing system on the PS3 is fairly open, allowing you to have the game on multiple consoles with your account setup. This system used to allow for up to five locations for the game to exist, but has since been limited to two. It looks like the PSN on Sony’s next console will decrease that number from two to one, and will also bind the game specifically to your account. The social networking-esque layout to the PS4 makes it painfully obvious that most people aren’t going to want to share their account with others. Your friends, your games, and your social statuses will create a highly personalized experience. This is largely a good thing, and the UI looks nice as well, but as a result there’s not likely to be a lot of account sharing for most people. It also causes a unique new problem for PSN purchases, which will be bound to the account of the user making the purchase. You’d have to either buy the game twice or share your account in order for anyone else to play it. Source: Geek.com #PS4 #gaming #PS3 #playstation
+ Daniel Imbellino We use to buy the call of duty map packs, and we could share it 5 people. For what ever reason it blocked us at 5.
Ex-Valve hardware designer reveals AR glasses Lightweight glasses to offer "fast and highly precise" 3D tracking; Kickstarter underway Jeri Ellsworth, former head of Valve's hardware division, has launched a Kickstarter for CastAR, a "projected augmented reality system that displays holographic-like 3D projections right in front of you". Check out full story -
New PS Vita supports micro USB charger The new PlayStation Vita 2000 model can be charged using micro USB - a non-proprietary standard used on many mobile phones. Finally some compatibility with chargers!
Found this on IGN this morning - looks pretty sweet
Play Jack Lantern - Road to Redemption! Play as Jack and take on a world of terrifying Halloween creatures. Watch out for enemies rising from their graves. Earn points and upgrade your weapons!
BioShock 1 “Rapture” Vs. BioShock Infinite “Columbia” Just finished up BioShock Infinite the other day. There are so many reviews and gamers calling this one of the best games every made for the PS3. I’ve been so excited to actually have time lately to play this masterpiece “Its hard to make time with kids” Lol... I have played the first two games in the series so; I have truly enjoyed the under water world of rapture. Check It Out & Let Me know what you think. #gaming #bioshockinfinite #videogames #bioshock #Rapture
So we constantly read articles about ways to build a brand online. Well, this time we actually did it, and I'm not just going to talk about it, I'm going to show you how we did it! +Gamers Bay: is now a thriving force on Google+, which consists of both a Community and corresponding page with close to 9,000 members and followers across the board, that are now the driving force of the online games section of our largest website. The site itself is integrated in many ways with the community and page, and as you will see, it was our ability to integrate social channels with the site itself that drive our brands PCTECHAUTHORITY and Gamers Bay on Google+. Many Thanks + Sigmund Joseph Solares (co-founder of Gamers Bay!) and + Rebel DeW (Lead moderator and content contributor to Both Gamers Bay and PCTECHAUTHORITY).
I just finished up BioShock Infinite up last Saturday! So I've wrote a quick article Titled: BioShock 1 “Rapture” Vs. BioShock Infinite “Columbia” Just finished up BioShock Infinite the other day. There are so many reviews and gamers calling this one of the best games every made for the PS3. I’ve been so excited to actually have time lately to play this masterpiece “Its hard to make time with kids” Lol... I have played the first two games in the series so; I have truly enjoyed the under water world of rapture. Check It Out & Let Me know what you think. #bioshockinfinite #gaming #games #videogame #bioshock
+ Daniel Imbellino I understand BioShock is classified as a "FPS" but I've always enjoyed BioShock for the usage of the Plasmas/Vigors. Using a crazy combination of these weapons always intrigued me with BioShock. Infinity didn't have me on the edge of my seat with the creepy story, I was more so on the edge of my seat with the nonstop action.
+ Daniel Imbellino Agreed that is what I really missed with infinite the creepy story, the creepy music it all painted a picture so well in Rapture. I'm going to check out the DLC, as it will make a return to Rapture.
The Weapon Wheel is Coming Back to BioShock! This is one of my "Criticisms" with BioShock Infinite - So they will be adding the weapon wheel to the BioShock Infinite DLC which makes a lot of sense to me! #2kgames can we re-make Bioshock Infinite with the Weapon Wheel. HaHa - just kidding - Do others agree to this addition? #bioshockinfinite #gamingnews #videogames
** Microsoft has announced three Xbox 360 holiday hardware bundles for the US. In addition, Major Nelson says US retailers will be offering a holiday 2013 price promotion in which consumers get $50 off each bundle between October 13 and January 4, 2014. 250GB ...
** Feature: Celebrating the 18th Anniversary of the PSone Hip-hip-hooray, because today is the 18th anniversary of the original PlayStation console, as it was released on the 29th September 1995 in Europe, just twenty days after it was made available in North ...
Gaming News Round-up, collecting the recent big stories for those who missed them. Today's top headlines: GTA V coming to PC. Assassin's Creed 4 will have up to 5 hours of an optional modern day storyline. Fan Feedback wanted for Dragon Age: Inquisition. Minecraft: Xbox 360 Edition received a new skin pack. Was Far Cry 3 outed?
Rockstar offers $500,000 of in-game cash to frustrated GTA Online players Grand Theft Auto V's single-player campaign was terrific, but the technical issues surrounding the GTA Online multiplayer mode have left many players unable to enjoy the experience. To make up for it, developer Rockstar Games is offering a stimulus package — anyone who played GTA Online during October will be getting $500,000 in in-game cash. The money will be made available in two installments — "In order to keep the current worldwide in-game economy balanced," according to Rockstar — with specific dates to be announced later on. The first cash deposit could be available as early as next week, however, launching alongside an incoming patch that Rockstar hopes will fix many of the technical issues that have plagued GTA Online since launch. Once that update is installed, the developer will be able to deliver the cash, which will be available soon after and should automatically appear in your virtual bank account. "We hope this GTA$ helps to facilitate a fresh start or makes your continued life in Los Santos and Blaine County extra sweet," says Rockstar. Source: The Verge #gaming #gtavonline #gtav #rockstargames
Every Capcom game on Steam is on sale right now Up to 50% - 75% off From now until October 14 you can get any Capcom game on Steam for 50 to 75% off. Holy crap. That's a great way to celebrate a 30th anniversary! Super Street Fighter IV: Arcade Edition at $7.49, Lost Planet 3 (which just came out) is at $29.99, DmC is at $24.99, and man there's so many deals! Look at the Capcom Action Hits Bundle. It has these eight games for $59.99: Bionic Commando: Rearmed, Dead Rising 2: Off the Record, Dead Rising 2, Devil May Cry 4, Lost Plant 2, Resident Evil 6, Resident Evil 5, and Super Street Fighter IV: AE. - Destructoid #Capcom #PC #Sale #Steam
Neo Geo X Handheld Shut Down By SNK Not so long ago we reviewed the Neo Geo X and Mega Pack Volume 1, a potential low cost option for gamers to own a piece of portable hardware that could run games from the iconic system, ideal if a Wii Virtual Console or pricey Neo Geo system aren't handy. While it had its merits, our conclusion reflected some disappointment in certain aspects of the hardware, leading to a sense of missed opportunity. Read Full Story - #gaming #videogames #snk
+ Dominic Lacerenza I though it was a pre-loaded console? It looks no different than a Neo Geo Pocket color, with just a bigger screen. I'm kinda over the whole NEO GEO fad. I don't have $1000 to go out and buy a game for the damn console.
+ Dominic Lacerenza Yeah the article didn't say - I saw a portable gamecube console on youtube today, the asking price was $500. I guess it's not that cool...
How to pick the perfect video game, may take a while
+ Rizo Dinero I found it on stumbleupon.com - If you still can't see it, I can put the photo in my blogger blog - Let me know..
+ andrew gumpert Never seen Catfish - That little trick is pretty cool.
+ andrew gumpert Generally one shot deal, but since I'm aware these games have a higher value being in better condition, I definitely could offer more. Did you ever play hagane much, I've heard it's next to impossible?
+ andrew gumpert That's awesome, I did not understand how big video game collecting is unit I started up my business. Over the years, I find it hard to sell some of the rare NES stuff I get in. My top piece is also a Blockbuster exclusive in the Flintstones Surprise at Dino Peak. Drop me a line if you want to sell some stuff, give me a call, I'm always around google +. I've got to go home and see the wife and kids now.. Later..
Adam Boyes believes multiplatform publishing is key to a developer's success
Agreed - If I made a game I would want it on the big 3 or at-least the big 2 in game consoles.
GTAV due for PC in 2014, report claims Rockstar is building a PC edition of Grand Theft Auto 5 that it expects to release in the first quarter of 2014, a new report claims. Yet "multiple industry sources" have told Eurogamer that the expansion to PC is due to arrive before April. #GTAV #games #pcgaming
How Pokemon are born: Designing the series' iconic monsters When you think of the Pokemon game franchise, of course you think of its iconic monsters. Pokemon, after all, is a portmanteau of its Japanese title, Pocket Monsters, and the series' most iconic mon' is Pikachu, which still serves as its symbol over a decade later. #pokemon #gaming #vidoegames
+ Daniel Imbellino Mega Man has been everywhere, Mega Man is pretty much a storied video game icon nowadays. Also I'm pretty stoked about the Mighty No. 9 Kickstarter. I grew up playing this series on NES
+ Jeremy Clark I think the box art for the very first mega man is funny, the guy looks like a Monkey.
Leisure Suit Larry Reloaded coming to retail - A boxed version of the Kickstarter-funded Leisure Suit Larry Reloaded will be available at retail in North America beginning October 29, Replay Games announced today.
Bye Bye Half-Life 3 / Hello Portal 3?? The Half-Life 3 trademark has been removed (via ValveTime) from the European Union's Office of Harmonization for the Internal Market database. Meanwhile, a trademark for Portal 3 has appeared. The trademark application (via NeoGAF) was filed September 29 with the European Union's Office of Harmonization for the Internal Market (OHIM). Source: Gamespot.com
+ Tom Beider I agree, I'm personally a bigger fan of Sony than of Microsoft. So I'd love to see the PS4 do better, and deliver what they promise.
