Sony Launches SmartWatch 2, Xperia Z Ultra, Xperia Z1 in the U.S. Market Sony's trio of inter-compatible gadgets, the SmartWatch 2, Xperia Z Ultra phablet and Xperia Z1 smartphone, is now available in the United States. The SmartWatch 2, which was first introduced in Ju...
This crazy LA-based "songwriter" has spent $100,000 in Plastic Surgeries over 5 years to look like Justin Bieber Professional problem child Justin Bieber has many tween girls willing to hand their bodies over to him at a moment's notice, but only one True Belieber was willing to transform his body for Bieber — and ...
Psychopathe be like
Nokia's Multi-Screen Smartwatch is on the way to be Launched Nokia is the latest company with its sights set on the smartwatch space, and if new pictures and a video is any indication, it will be quite a feast for the eyes. The company was recently awarded...
Windows 8.1 now available to download Windows 8.1 is now available as a free download for all Windows 8 users. The update includes several new and enhanced features, and notably — perhaps infamously — marks the return of the Start butto...
Launch of New iPads 5 and iPad Mini 2 by Apple on Oct. 22nd Apple will hold its holiday iPad jamboree on October 22nd. We'll see some new tablets, sure. But there also might be a trove of other odds and ends awaiting us next week. Let's start with the headliners;...
Why being Online, I become the deadly beast of learning new things My friends at hostel do wonder on why I am so boring at times ,. The obvious reason for it, is my long hours of being gloomed to my Laptop without any usual activity of any sorts. They do ask me, what th...
Sony Launches SmartWatch 2, Xperia Z Ultra, Xperia Z1 in the U.S. Market Sony's trio of inter-compatible gadgets, the SmartWatch 2, Xperia Z Ultra phablet and Xperia Z1 smartphone, is now available in the United States. The SmartWatch 2, which was first introduced in Ju...
Wtf, This Reputed Old Saint from India dreams of 1,000 tonnes of gold buried underneath an Ancient palace. Government of India believes this claim,preparing to dig the palace for Gold The medieval India story ends, the modern one takes over. The priest in question, Swami Shobhan Sarkar, writes to the Prime Minister, President, Archaeological Survey of India, et cetera,...
Twitter Lets Any Follower Send You Direct Messages Now Twitter is changing the way direct messages work . In the past, Twitter required two people to follow each other for direct messages to be exchanged in either direction; now, users have the option to chang...
Micromax Canvas Doodle 2 A240 comes with a 5.7-inch IPS screen, has 1280x720 pixels HD resolution, roughly 258 ppi The Canvas Doodle 2 has big numbers: a mammoth 5.7-inch screen . Armed with a stylus and begging to be drawn on, it takes aim at the Samsung Galaxy Note 2. But while the Doodle 2 gets things right on paper, real-world usage is a different matter altoge...
Samsung Galaxy S5 to be launched in Jan 2014 South Korean manufacturer Samsung has reported less than stellar sales of Galaxy S4, the top smartphone in its portfolio. It seems that the disappointing sales of the handset have compelled...
HTC One Max comes with a Shiny Aluminum, 5.9-Inch Screen and a Fingerprint Scanner HTC's zapped its flagship One design with its embiggening rays, and scaled the One Max up to gigantic proportions. At 5.9-inches, it's in that scary land where it's either a really large phone, or a...
Apple Launcing 12-Inch Retina MacBook in 2014 We only have a little over a week until the next batch of new Apple devices are reportedly set to be unveiled. But leading up to the big event, there’s already a new report of what Apple fans can expect in the way of MacBooks next year. In a research not...
Samsung Galaxy S5 to be launched in Jan 2014 South Korean manufacturer Samsung has reported less than stellar sales of Galaxy S4, the top smartphone in its portfolio. It seems that the di...
Samsung Galaxy S5 to be launched in Jan 2014 South Korean manufacturer Samsung has reported less than stellar sales of Galaxy S4, the top smartphone in its portfolio. It seems that the di...
Samsung Galaxy S5 to be launched in Jan 2014 South Korean manufacturer Samsung has reported less than stellar sales of Galaxy S4, the top smartphone in its portfolio. It seems that the di...
A Chinese man has amputated his own leg using nothing more than a saw and a fruit knife, after doctors told him an infection had left him just one month to live. A Chinese man has amputated his own leg using nothing more than a saw and a fruit knife, after doctors told him an infection had left him just one month to live. Zheng Yanliang, 47, was apparently known...
A South Texas man has been sentenced to 15 years in prison for stabbing his estranged wife more than 30 times just days after she filed for divorce. A South Texas man has been sentenced to 15 years in prison for stabbing his estranged wife more than 30 times just days after she filed for divorce. A judge in San Antonio on Thursday sentenced 40-year-old Roberto Barron as part of a plea deal in the 201...
Man makes girlfriend wear a PADLOCK on her jeans so that she will be faithful to him. A man in Mexico has allegedly forced his younger girlfriend to wear a padlock on her jeans so that she would stay faithful to him. The 25-year-old woman, who has not been identified, went to authorities i...
HTC to Launch its upcoming Smartphone with Fingerprint Sensor HTC might be the next smartphone maker bringing fingerprint sensors to the masses. According to a report from The Wall Street Journal , the company is expected to announce the HTC One Max smartphone...
Girl Stabs And Kills Man Who Attempted To Rape Her The extraordinary story of a girl who managed to overcome a man attempting to rape her at knife-point has been one of the most talked about stories on the Japanese internet today. After grabbing the knife and stabbing her attacker, the girl ran to fetch ...
Samsung launches Galaxy Round, world's first smartphone with curved display Samsung Electronics Co Ltd on Wednesday launched the world's first smartphone with a curved display, a variant of the Galaxy Note which moves the Asian giant a step closer to achieving wearable...
LG Nexus 5 To Be Released in October 14 The Android world is all fixed on Oct 14, rumoured as the release date for Google's 2013 smartphone flagship - the LG-assembled Nexus 5. Packing pure Android power, the upcoming handset w...
Legally topless woman sues the cops who made her put on a shirt Busty brunette Jessica Krigsman says cops trampled on her God-given — and state-law affirmed — right to flaunt what Mother Nature gave her when they arrested her for going topless in a Brooklyn p...
Nokia Lumia 1020 is definitely for Users who want a Camera more than a Smartphone. It comes with a 41 Megapixel Camera Nokia has emphasized upon camera in smartphones for long. The 808 PureView, launched early last year, was a breakthrough device in terms of camera performance and megapixel count (41MP to be exact), h...
The Pig That Drank 18 Cans of Beer and Bravely Fought a Cow has Died after trying to take on a Car A feral pig that lived life in the fast lane has died only a month after he was accused of drinking 18 cans of beer and fighting a cow. The loveable rogue was killed after being struck by...
The Pid That Drank 18 Cans of Beer and Bravely Fought a Cow has Died after trying to take on a Car A feral pig that lived life in the fast lane has died only a month after he was accused of drinking 18 cans of beer and fighting a cow. The loveable rogue was killed after being struck by...
Samsung Galaxy Note 3 with flexible display to be released in October The first major manufacturer to announce concrete plans to launch a flexible display hosting handsets, Samsung has revealed that the ...
A Manhattan highly-priced psychic named Sylvia Mitchell successfully ran her fraud circle by charging customers $1000 to see their past lives The customers of a Manhattan psychic are being forced to recount their current lives (in front of an entire court no less), lives in which they forked over thousands of dollars to a woman who proclaimed to tell them about their past lives. ...
Nokia is in the race to use Lightning to Charge Your Phone Lightning may never strike the same place twice, but your phone doesn't need to know that. That's because a group of scientists from the University of Southampton have teamed up with Nokia to explore ...
Google Has developed Street View for Over 100 Indian Monuments Google has partnered with the Indian Ministry of Culture and the Archeological Survey of India to bring Street View to over 100 monuments in the country, providing a 360-degree view of...
A G.W. Exotic Animal Park employee Sticks her Arm in Tiger Cage, Tiger Promptly Bites it Off. Victim says it was her fault and plans to return to work A G.W. Exotic Animal Park employee was mauled by an adult male tiger today after she put her arm inside the tiger's cage. The employee, who has not been named, was wearing a down North Face jacket that...
Meet Sheyla Hershey of Brazil who recorded the Guinness World Record for having the largest set of breast after nine surgeries and more than a gallon of silicone In early 2009, Sheyla Hershey of Brazil was awarded the Guinness World Record for having the largest set of breasts. After nine surgeries and more than a gallon of silicone, her breasts are a size 38KKK. N...
Meet Sheyla Hershey of Brazil who recorded the Guinness World Record for having the largest set of breast after nine surgeries and more than a gallon of silicone In early 2009, Sheyla Hershey of Brazil was awarded the Guinness World Record for having the largest set of breasts. After nine surgeries and more than a gallon of silicone, her breasts are a size 38KKK. N...
Meet Tatiata Kozhevnikova, the 42-year-old Russian woman with the world's strongest vagina.she can lift upto 14 kilograms worth of weights-- almost 31 pounds Meet Tatiata Kozhevnikova, the 42-year-old Russian woman with the world's strongest vagina. No, seriously, she broke records to attain that title. Incredibly enough, she lifted 14 kilograms worth of ...
