This is a BIG week for camera announcements. Sony announced two full-frame MIRRORLESS cameras, and Nikon will announce the D5300 this week. Here's the link to the Sony announcement:
This is a BIG week for camera announcements. Sony announced two full-frame MIRRORLESS cameras, and Nikon will announce the D5300 this week. Here's the link to the Sony announcement:
Babies are adorable, and so much fun to photograph. Come check out this post for the 11 cutest props for baby photography!
Heading up to Canada! I haven't been there since I was a kid. It's a 12 hour drive but I'm excited to experience Banff, the Palouse in Washington, and lots of spots in between. Any of you up there shooting this week?
Sorry to those of you who didn't get in to the class you wanted, but you can register starting today for the classes that begin in a month.
Oooh! Just published an article that I think you will all REALLY like! It's 21 Photo Ideas you can make today. I think you'll like some of the creative ideas I found...
Thank you to over 1,000 of you who shared my Flash Photography Crash Course on social media. I'm happy to see so many people reading and enjoying it. Missed it? Read it here:
My online photo classes start on Wednesday! Classes are self-paced and include a short video lesson each day. We'll probably sell out so if you want to take your photography to the next level this month, pick a class at
Agree or disagree? "The best portrait photographers are extroverts. You just can't be an introvert and expect to get great expressions in your photos."
It's here! I have been working REALLY hard this week on a 10 page Flash Photography Crash Course. I know a LOT of you are working on your flash photography so I hope this helps. It was a ton of work so I hope you enjoy it:
Oh man! X-rite has an AWESOME tool on its website for photographers to test their color vision. I scored a 254 (high is bad) which means I have bad color vision. I'm kind of surprised. I guess my wife was right all these years--I can't tell one color from another!
Check out the latest episode of the Improve Photography podcast, all about Post Processing!
I have been planning a trip to Yellowstone this week, but now Congress shut it down. Can someone tell Congress that photography is WAY more important than politics?
I'm going to be receiving a Drobo in the mail today. I have been using a NAS as my photo storage device for the last year and a half, so I'm anxious to see how it performs. How about you guys? How do you store your photos? Are your photo libraries so big they don't fit on the computer anymore?
Have you ever thought about entering a photo contest? Here are some awesome tips to help you win!
Jim passed the bar, and to celebrate he's done a special Legal episode of the podcast. Come check it out for answers to the most common legal questions photographers have.
JIM HERE: I rarely write anything not directly photography related, but this is big for me! This weekend my wife and I ran a full 26.2 mile (42.2 kilometer) marathon! It was incredibly tough and it took us 6 months to train for, but we're pretty happy to have finished.
Photographers--this is one lesson you MUST learn before you shoot your next wedding. Check this post for the most embarrassing wedding photography moment you've ever seen.
New article up on the site - changing the brightness of your flash. Knowing how to quickly change the brightness of the flash is the first step in making more advanced changes (such as bouncing the flash) so that you can create more pleasing light on your subject.
If you're an Idaho local, check out our two upcoming (free) photography meetups here in Nampa!
See anything wrong with this picture? Hint: It cost me $70.
Episode 37 of the Improve Photography Podcast is up. Check it out for some great tips for night photography!
When I lived in Florida, my local camera store was terrible. Once they even accused me of switching price tags between products when they didn't want to honor their advertised price! The camera store where I live now often only has low quality products available. Are local camera stores dead, or do you have one you like?
JIM HERE: I got great news this morning. I passed the bar to become an attorney! I won't be practicing law since I love Improve Photography too much, but I'm still just as excited. I'm celebrating with a special LEGAL edition of the podcast next week! Call in your photography law questions and we'll answer them on the show:
Question from Sarah in Canada. Can you help her? "I have had two clients recently who requested that I not use their photos in my portfolio or on my blog. The problem is that's my main means of advertising. What do I do?"
Have you ever thought about having a home studio? Maybe you've never done it because you just don't think you can afford it. But it can be a lot less expensive than you think. Check out these 14 tips for building a home studio for less than $1000!!
My online photography classes start on Wednesday! Only 40 hours left to register. The classes are a great way to commit yourself to improving your photography this month with video lessons and instructor feedback on your photos via email. Check it out here:
"The camera is a save button for the mind's eye." - Rodger Kingston
Some of the funnest photography is done at night. Have you been out to photograph the moon lately? Here are some tips for your next moon shoot!
Photographers seem to love black and white, but every time I see someone post a black and white picture, there is inevitably a comment saying it would look better in color. Why is that?
Mistakes: part of life for us all, and certainly for photographers. Check out these 9 easy-to-make photography mistakes (and what you can do to avoid them!).
QUICK TIP: The more your subject sees you as someone who can make them look great in a photo, the more likely they are to feel comfortable and look confident in the photo. Get out from behind the camera and engage with your subject!
Do you ever find yourself with nothing but the pop-up flash? Want to know how to get those pictures to turn out better? Check out these tips and tricks you can use to get the most out of your camera's pop-up flash.
Jim here: As it turns out, the backup camera on my car can take pretty nice landscape shots.
Think you need to have a new camera body to get great shots? Think again! Check out this article where we talk about 5 inexpensive pieces of equipment that will make a huge difference in your photography, without breaking the bank!
Check out Dustin's Top 35 Locations to Photograph in California! Thanks everyone in the community for the tips on your favorite locations.
Dustin recording lessons for the beginning photography class today. What's your funniest caption?
Hilarious! One Google search that sent 10 people to ImprovePhotography.com this week was "I want to be a photographer but my parents want me to get a job." Advice for this young soul?
Remember this picture? I just published a video showing you step-by-step how I made the photo--videoed right on the beach while I was taking it. Check it out: Landscape Photography Tips: Hawaiian Sunset
Have you ever thought about photographing the Aurora Borealis? Check out this article where we show you how easy it can be:
