Sony Groundbreaking Cameras: Alpha A7, A7R, RX10 Year-in, year-out, camera makers are churning our variants of cameras in existing form factors or sensor sizes. When Sony announced the RX-series, starting with an 1-inch RX100, we knew it is the start of a journey of game-changing innovation. The RX1 came ...
The Cameras on Today's Smartphones These few months have been exciting times for the smartphone consumers. 2 years ago, it would have been either iPhone or Samsung Galaxy phones. Today, we have a myraid of brand devices that are equally impressive. Want waterproof smartphone? Go for Sony Xpe...
Submitting my blog to SgBlogs. I totally forgot about this portal. Please support my site if my reviews have helped you. Click the link below or +1 this post. Thanks!
Sony Groundbreaking Cameras: Alpha A7, A7R, RX10 Year-in, year-out, camera makers are churning our variants of cameras in existing form factors or sensor sizes. When Sony announced the RX-series, starting with an 1-inch RX100, we knew it is the start of a journey of game-changing innovation. The RX1 came ...
Samsung Galaxy S4 Zoom: Quick Look When the Samsung Galaxy Camera was launched in Sep 2012, it was a bold step of Samsung to create a hybrid device, and ever since, Samsung has been developing this line to cater to the group of consumers who demands higher image quality with the convenience ...
ASUS Router Review: RT-AC56U Recently, I noticed that my D-Link router is not performing optimally. Coverage seems poorer at my apartment and the connection speed is not as speedy. When ASUS launched the new router, RT-AC56U, I decided to request for a review unit to try it out. Specs:...
Reviving Samsung Galaxy Note with Custom ROM It's a great feeling to breathe new life to old outdated devices. After I bought the Samsung Galaxy Note 3 for my wife, she passed me the first-generation Note for my disposal. The Note 1 running on the official Samsung ROM is kindda laggy and does not have...
ASUS Padfone Infinity ASUS is a name synonymous with convergence. In 2011, they launched the first transformable Android tablet with a foldable detachable keyboard dock, turning it into a laptop. On the same year, ASUS introduces the first Padfone that integrates a phone into a ...
Sarah Cheng-De Winne: Parallel Lives official MV Have a listen and watch this new music video by Singaporean songwriter-singer, Sarah Cheng-De Winne . Awesome rich and soulful voice. The tune sounds familiar, can't recall where I heard it from. But of course, this song was published more than a year ago. ...
COMPASS Award 2013: Top Local Instrumental Contemporary I am honoured to win this award for the 3rd consecutive year!!! And it wouldn't be possible without my ex-music manager, Gilbert Ong, who signed me and pulled the strings all the way to... James Kang of Warner Music Singapore. And since 2007 and over 100 or...
Local Songwriters and Musicians Looking back at this blog, it has been filled with technology posts and gadget reviews in recent years. I seemed to have stopped discussi...
Lenovo Flex 14: Laptop Review Lenovo has introduced a new range of laptops that can fold over and beyond 180-degrees, but instead of re-using the "Yoga" name, they cal...
Music.Photo.Life: Recommended by APPvisor APPvisor, an Android app by StarHub, recently added my blog as one of the channels to recommend Android apps. Termed &quot;Tried and Tested&...
The Sony Xperia Z Ultra may be 6.4-inch size, but it feels a lot more usable that I had initially perceived.
The Sony Xperia Z Ultra may be 6.4-inch size, but it feels a lot more usable that I had initially perceived.
It won't be fair to ask Windows Phone to be more like iOS or Android. To me, it is a unique and mostly positive experience when using Lumia 925. I believe it caters for a market segment of consumers who require a balance of functionality, flexibility and beauty.
Enjoying the JABRA REVO Wireless
Finally: an interchangeable lens camera with built-in phone capabilities. Give it to Samsung for innovation.
HTC Butterfly S starts selling in Singapore from today. I recommend this over HTC One and even the Samsung Galaxy S4.
The Nokia Lumia 925 launches on Sat in Singapore. Here's a first look.
Review of NFC-enabled Sony headset. Not the best looking, sounds good enough for average listener, I'd wish the price is more affordable to the average consumer.
A card-sized device can save you grief from accidental loss of your valuables. Read on to find out how.
I've found a method to save Instagram videos you created without having to upload. Share this if it helps you.
My favourite Android tablet I've reviewed this year. It does everything you need of a touch device.
+ Peter Foong at least it has option to make calls.
I've blogged several posts about the Samsung Galaxy S4. This final post is a summary.
Review on HP ENVY x2. Long lasting battery, good looking design, full fledged windows 8. Intel atom processor may be low spec but OS interaction is speedy.
Bought a Dye Sub printer to replace my faulty 6-yr old one. Splendidly value for money.
When it comes to content creation on the smartphone, Galaxy S4's Story Album is no match with the HTC One's Zoe.
Comparing Samsung Galaxy S4 and S3 camera. Many hits, one miss.
Comparing Samsung Galaxy S4 and S3 camera. Many hits, one miss.
Samsung Galaxy S4's got a handful of camera shooting modes. Which one works the best for me?
Which Samsung Galaxy S4 camera shooting modes do I like the most? It's Dual Shot!
The Samsung Galaxy S4's S View and Wireless Charging Pad: useful or gimmick? Here's my take.
Sharing my first-hand review, work in progress!
The S View Cover and the Wireless Charging Pad provides new user experiences on a smartphone.
Comparing the Samsung Galaxy S4 and S3 screen quality.
