Sony has officially announced United States availability for the Xperia Z1 and the Xperia Z Ultra, two of the latest in their high-end line of phones. The Xperia Z1 is a 5-inch 1080p HD device with a 20 megapixel camera, a Qualcomm Snapdragon 800 chipset, 2GB of RAM and more. This bad boy is available in Sony stores, at Sony’s online storefront, and at other select online retailers for $670 unlocked (HSPA+ only).
She passed a GCSE in computer science aged 10 and became the youngest graduate to attain a masters degree, aged 19. Can Anne-Marie Imafidon's Stemettes make technology careers attractive to girls? #100Women
Security is not something one can afford to take for granted so easily anymore, especially considering how much our lives and identities have become tied to our mobile devices. That is why anti-malware company Malwarebytes is bringing its expertise and tools to Android with the Malwarebytes Anti-Malware Mobile app. With its ever-rising popularity and ubiquity, Android has become an even bigger target for miscreants hoping to make a buck or two or do even worse damage with sensitive information contained within smartphones and tablets. Even with Google insisting on the inherent security of the platform, there will definitely be those who can’t be too careful and would want to have an independent safety measure installed. It is for these and for other security-conscious Android users that Malwarebytes has made available its PC security system for Android.
Best ad I've seen on YouTube. I watched the whole thing.
The third time is a charm for Dwyane Wade and his fans, who can now relive Wade’s journey to his third NBA championship. The Associated Press, reported (via NBA.com) that Wade will post a short film on his website next week and a preview will come out Wednesday. The film will be an inside look at Wade’s third championship season, complete with exclusive interviews, private video footage and an intense face-off between Wade and LeBron James. The video is called D. Wade’s Journey to 3, standing for both his jersey number and how many titles he has won with the Heat so far.
KitKat has been tweeting with reference to Android's latest OS update and a pattern has emerged pointing to a 28 October release date. First we got the tweet yesterday: "Everybody dance now!" - referencing the song Gonna Make You Sweat (Everybody Dance Now) which was by a band called C+C Music Factory, but they were originally named The 28th Street Crew. So far so tenuous. Then today KitKat tweeted: "Sometimes you have to look at the signs" with a picture of KitKats piled up to say: "This Is It" - the Michael Jackson song released on, you guessed it, 28 October.
Sony has officially announced United States availability for the Xperia Z1 and the Xperia Z Ultra, two of the latest in their high-end line of phones. The Xperia Z1 is a 5-inch 1080p HD device with a 20 megapixel camera, a Qualcomm Snapdragon 800 chipset, 2GB of RAM and more. This bad boy is available in Sony stores, at Sony’s online storefront, and at other select online retailers for $670 unlocked (HSPA+ only).
Welcome to downhill racing on Piggy Island! Feel the rush as those freewheeling birds and piggies fly down the track at breakneck speed – with plenty of twists and turns in a thrilling race to the finish line! But beware! Look out for hazardous roads, mischievous opponents riding your tail and special powers to put the race leader behind the pack. Plus, go from junk car to supercar with some awesome kart upgrades! Ready…Set…Angry Birds Go! Coming December 11!
Today is Ada Lovelace Day, which celebrates the achievements of women in science, technology, engineering and mathematics (STEM). In the 19th century, Lady Ada Lovelace became the world's first computer programmer when she wrote what is today considered the first algorithm intended to be processed by a machine. Learn more at and help us celebrate by sharing your thoughts about inspiring women in STEM with the hashtag #adalovelaceday . Here are a couple of Googlers who inspire us:
The ThingCHARGER. You simply plug it right in over the top of your current ( Standard US) outlet. Pretty simple. Once plugged in you get the same access to two regular sockets, but you also get a bit more. You get two build-in USB ports to help alleviate the need for a wall charger all together. Oh, but wait, there’s more! Housed inside the ThingCHARGER is a set of charging tips that fit in the top slot of the unit. There are 4 tips altogether for the ThingCHARGER. Your standard micro USB plug for all our Android needs, a mini USB for other devices and a standard 30-pin for your iPods and older iOS products. If you happen be one of those “new” iOS owners, you can pick up a lightning charger tip for $9.75 extra.
From supercars to supercarriers, when it comes to burning dollars faster than gasoline, these ten vehicles are the absolute worst.
Wow: Street artist Banksy sold expensive original works from an assuming street stall for just $60 a piece
Are You Using Google Chrome Web Browser? Attention Please.. Hi, Google Chrome is my favorite browser and I'm sure it is many of yours too. There is said to be a security flaw in the browser that may leave your sensitive information at risk. So, what's the issue with Chrome browser? A couple of days back, IdentityFinder reported a vulnerability where sensitive data like credit card numbers, bank account details etc. are being stored without encryption to the cache history. Which could possibly be stolen (only the passwords are encrypted it seems). I can't give you a clear picture here. But why take chances. Here is how to secure your sensitive data. • Whenever you complete an online transaction, delete your history and clear your cache (Ctrl+Shift+Del). • Disable the autofill feature and use the Incognito (private browsing) mode to visit webpages where you'd need to enter your personal information. • Do NOT save your form data or passwords to chrome (it often asks for it or if you have the autofill option, it automatically saves it) Hope it helps. Again, nothing is secure online, its better if we be more careful. What Google says: Chrome is the most secure browser and offers you control over how it uses and stores data. Chrome asks for permission before storing sensitive information like credit card details, and you don't have to save anything if you don't want to. Furthermore data stored locally by Chrome will be encrypted, if supported by the underlying operating system. For example, Chrome OS encrypts all data stored locally by default. We recommend people use the security measures built into their operating system of choice. What they say: Chrome has several databases and files that store information on users' computers. One of those databases is encrypted and designed specifically to store passwords securely. However, other unencrypted databases and files store strings of text regardless of their sensitivity. (Quotes from: ) #chromebrowser #security #onlinesecurity
Dropping a phone is a tragedy. An investment worth several hundreds of dollars can shatter in an instant, even when equipped with a sturdy case — so Evolutive Labs wants to make your smartphone nearly indestructible with the Rhino Shield. The Rhino Shield is a screen protector that aims to keep your iPhone or Android smartphone safe from impacts, scratches, water and even fingerprints while also remaining practically unnoticeable on the phone’s surface.
Unbeaten WBO Champ Timothy Bradley challenges Manny Pacquiao to a rematch after defeating Juan Manuel Marquez in Las Vegas.
Out of all the things in the world, falling in love is never planned! We fall in love not by choice but by accident! It hurts a lot if we are rejected by our loved one,it is so difficult to forget that person, love might fade away with time, yet the memories remain forever! #lifetalks
Craving an amazing burger? Here's where to find one in every state: (Photo via Django)
Who made the Android logo? "Irina Blok may have drawn one of the most recognized logos in the world, but her association with the green Android has not made her famous. Blok can think of only one incident when she garnered the public’s attention for designing it. In 2010, she and her 6-year-old daughter were in a movie theater waiting for 'Alice in Wonderland' to begin when an Android logo flashed on the screen. Her daughter, Blok recalls, suddenly stood up and yelled, 'My mommy invented that!' Everyone in the row in front of them turned around to stare. Blok was so embarrassed, she says, that she sank down behind her tub of popcorn." More: Illustrations by Google.
The world's largest salt desert in Bolivia has a layer of crust sale so reflective that you see the sky perfectly mirrored. Image: goo.gl/wesRKT
We’ve known the ELR, Cadillac’s new electrified coupe, would go on sale soon, and today we know what it will cost: the ELR will start at $75,995 when it goes on sale next January. If a buyer is eligible for federal tax credits, that price could drop to as low as $68,495. The ELR is GM’s first vehicle derived from the Chevrolet Volt, and it shares that plug-in hybrid’s 1.4-liter gas engine teamed up with a 16.5-kWh battery. EPA estimates for the ELR haven’t been released yet, but they should be close to the Volt’s, which are 35 mpg in the city and 40 mpg on the highway. Cadillac did say that the ELR’s total range would be “in excess of 300 miles” and the electric-only range around 35 highway miles; the Volt’s range is 380 miles and its all-electric range is 38 miles.
If you find yourself in northern Italy with some spare time on your hands, we could think of few places better to spend it than the Lamborghini Museum in Sant'Agata. The 16,000-square-foot facility houses what is surely the most magnificent collections of Raging Bulls in the world on two levels of glassed-in floorspace. But if your travel plans won't be taking you to Bologna, Lamborghini has teamed up with Google to provide the next best thing.
Skype is Msft's property for quite a while now, have they been able to do something to use the video chat on their new outlook.com ? or do u still have to sign up on skype, dl the software and use the the desktop app?! i feel like going backward in time... :S
Magic Johnson is leaving ESPN's NBA coverage. Will you miss the Lakers legend? #nba #nbanews #basketball
The new Bose SoundTouch lets you play music in multiple rooms, either the same or different songs, all controlled via an app on a smartphone or tablet. Our review: #bose #smartphone #tablet
As the expected unveiling of Android 4.4 KitKat draws closer, rumors, tips, and theories about the new version of the Android operating system are starting to flow. In this round, we’re hearing that Android 4.4 will be sporting not only a more sensible layout for the Location settings but also a new feature that could help trace battery-draining GPS-using apps.
Join us tonight at 5pm PST for our first Maker Camp Halloween Hangout on air. We will be discussing Pumpkin Carving and Fiendish food today! It's going to be a TON of fun, and we can't wait to see you there! Send us your Halloween project (finished or not) on the Maker Camp community page, and you could be featured during tonight's show.We can't wait to see what you've been working on. #halloween #makezine #makercamp #pumpkincarving #projects
Bike+, a new device with an accompanying app, is looking to put riders' minds at ease by offering anti-theft measures, including GPS and its own alarm system, that most bike locks don't have.
Today, Spigen is back, this time teasing their Neo Hybrid case for the Nexus 5, renders and all.
Wondering what's next for Twitter? TechCrunch points out a mysterious account called @EventParrot that may hold an answer, with its profile promising "direct messages that help you keep up with what's happening in the world."
The Google Quickoffice app for Android has just had an update. The update now seamlessly switches into the Google Drive app if you open a file from your Drive.
Walmart and Target show other grocery stores how it’s done on Facebook, while Meijer keeps it fresh on Twitter with some interesting campaigns. Kmart takes the throne as the King of YouTube with some hilarious and engaging videos while Whole foods is pinned on the top of the Pinterest Table.
Facebook abuses users, lies for money. A giant ad took over my Facebook feed today. It said my niece "Liked" AT&T, and the ad hawked deals on BlackBerry phones through AT&T. Why would a 14-year-old girl who doesn't live in the United States "Like" AT&T? I asked her, and learned that of course she never did. (Nor did she even know that Facebook was telling people she endorsed AT&T with a "Like.") How is it even legal for Facebook to use a minor's picture and name without their or their parent's permission or even knowledge to make money in an ad and lie about that person, saying that they endorse a product that they never used, liked or approved of in any way? Has anything like this happened to YOU on Facebook? #facebook
Chromebook Giveaway, Courtesy of Google - Google has opened up a contest so you can spread some love to your favorite Techie, Mom, Dad, friend with benefits, Brother, Sister, Adopted Cousin twice removed, and whoever is walking next to you on the road at the time you think about it. With the hastag #Giveachromebook sweeping across the G+ landscape, the Twitterverse, and Facebook, you can now do your part to bestow some deserving individual with the gift of Google’s newest Chromebook, Chromebook 11.
