Sony Smartwatch 2 Goes on Sale in the U.S. Today Sony SmartWatch 2 is coming to the United States today. The Japanese company's Galaxy Gear competitor costs $199.99, again from Sony's online store and a select number of other online vendors along with some of Sony's physical retail locations. The Sony Sma...
Sony Smartwatch 2 Goes on Sale in the U.S. Today Sony SmartWatch 2 is coming to the United States today. The Japanese company's Galaxy Gear competitor costs $199.99, again from Sony's online store and a select number of other online vendors along with some of Sony's physical retail locations. The Sony Sma...
HTC One Max Comes with 5.9-inch Screen and a Fingerprint Scanner HTC has officially announced the HTC One Max, its third smartphone in the One range and the biggest yet. The Android phablet will be available later this month, though the exact dates or price are yet to be revealed. In terms of specifications and features,...
LG's Upcoming G-Flex Smartphone Features Curved 6-inch Screen There's been a lot of buzz over flexible displays and curved smartphones. The G-Flex follows Samsung Electronics' own Galaxy Round, a smartphone it unveiled last week. But while the Galaxy Round is bent on its vertical access, the G-Flex is curved at its ho...
First Look - Google Android KitKat 4.4 Screen Shots The image above is of the Android build running on the Nexus 7 2013 model. The overall assessment is that 4.4 seems to be a more polished version of the Android platform than has been seen in the past, with a feature set that more closely resembles iOS devi...
Who Creative that Cute Little Green Robot Logo for Android? Irina Blok may have drawn one of the most recognized logos in the world, but her association with the green Android has not made her famous. Blok can think of only one incident when she garnered the public’s attention for designing it. In 2010, she and her ...
Smarphones with Flexible OLED Screen Coming on Your Way The Korean electronics giant, LG announced today that it is ready to start mass production of flexible OLED display panels for smartphones with accompanying smartphone products. The company says that its technology uses plastic substrates rather than glass,...
BLU Studio 5.5 - Huge Screen, No Contract, 5 Color Choices and under $180 Blu is the name of company that's trying to shake up the smartphone industry with its budget priced smartphone. Continuing its tradition, the company released BLU Studio 5.5, one of the most affordable large screen smartphone in the market. The specificati...
Free Data and Cellular Service Do Exist! Did you ever think if you could have a free cellular and data service with a pretty decent Android phone? Well, there is actually such thing. The only catch is that you have to buy their Android smartphone for $99. It is HTC Evo Design with 12GB of storag...
Apple iPad is Now Loosing the Tablet Race to Android Does Apple ever learn from its old mistakes? First, it was Mac loosing to PC then iPhone falling far behind Android based smartphones, and finally, iPad is overtaken by Android tablets. Each time, it happened for practically the same reason. Apple iPad e...
Sony Smartwatch 2 is Released in Europe for £149 (about US$240) The Sony SmartWatch 2 is now available in a number of European countries, which include the UK, Germany, France, Italy and Spain, the device is available with a choice of a rubber strap or a metal bracelet. Sony has also released a new dedicated app for the...
A.I. Smartwatch is a Fully Functional Android Smartphone It looks like smartwatches are surely making a big waves in the second half of 2013. Almost all major smartphone makers are heavily invested in the development of the next biggest tech gadget as smaller independent developers are joining the race to grab a...
Thanks for the info
iPhone 6 May Feature 6-inch Sapphire Screen So what is the most distinguishable difference of the latest version of iPhone even including iPhone 5S when compared to flagship Android phones? It's the size of the screen; the 4-inch screen looks tiny in today's smartphone market where 5-inch seem to be...
Sony Keeps Walkman Brand Alive with Two Android Based Music Players Sony has always been one of the biggest players when in comes to portable music players for more than a generation until MP3 players chan...
Android Device Manager is Google's Native App with Remote Locking Feature Finally, a Google version of remote locking app is released, and it's FREE, of course!ne or tablet getting into the wrong hands? You can ...
Alert - Do not use iMessage Chat for Android A fake iMessage app appeared on Google Play which allows messages to be sent between Android and iOS devices. The app is called iMessage ...
Unlocking iPhone 5S Security with What, Nipples? Ok, this clearly proves that iPhone 5S' new device unlock security system cannot tell fingerprints from a vast majority of other body par...
OPPO N1 is the First Smartphone Running CyanogenMod Out of Box The launch date of OPPO's highly anticipated Android smartphone is getting closer. the company behind the Find 5 Android smartphone, has...
PS4 PlayStation App for Android and iOS Coming Out in November During a presentation at the Tokyo Game Show 2013, Sony further detailed the PlayStation 4 companion app that will release alongside the ...
Hot Deal - HTC One Silver (Verizon Wireless) for $49 at Amazon As flagship Android phones from all major phone makers hit the market, HTC One being not so latest anymore dropped price significantly. ...
Leaked Screenshots of Android 4.4 KitKat Surface Online Alleged screenshots from Android 4.4 KitKat have emerged, potentially giving us a glimpse of some of the UI changes which the new OS has ...
Intel is About to Change the Landscape of Mobile Computing with 64bit Processor Intel dropped a big announced last week during Intel Developer Forum in San Francisco last week. Intel said that Apple won’t be the only ...
Samsung is Quietly Brewing Up Android Competitor Tizen is an open sourced Linux-based operating system co-developed by Samsung and Intel. The two tech giants took the best parts of thei...
iPhone 5S, 5C Compared to the Recent Android Smartphones The new iPhones being released Sept. 20 follow a slew of Android smartphones from Apple's competitors, including Samsung, Motorola and HT...
Hot Deals - Unlocked Samsung I8190 Galaxy S3 Mini White Android Smartphone The GALAXY S3 mini runs Android 4.1 (Jelly Bean)with a 4.0 display while maintaining the familiar Galaxy S3 design. The Galaxy S3 Mini is...
Hot Deals - AT&T Fusion 2 GoPhone at Amazon For a limited time, a brand new AT&T Fusion 2 GoPhone is selling for $87.99. Quantities are limited! For the price, this is one of the b...
Tim Cook Tries to be the Next Steve Jobs by Bashing Android OS First he tried to look like him when he started wearing black shirt with blue jeans right next to Steve Jobs, starting sometime around 20...
Google Offers Quickoffice with 10GB Storage Free for all Android and iOS Users Google is making its Quickoffice apps free for all, allowing users to access Microsoft Office documents on the cheap from their iOS or An...
The Latest Version of Google Maps for Android Feature Sponsored Hotel Details Google Maps has been updated again in a stage rollout. Now that everyone should have received the latest version of the most popular GIS ...
Nokia Worked on Android Based Smartphone Before Selling Its Business to Microsoft Before Nokia bet its smartphone ambitions on Windows Phone, the idea of an Android-powered Nokia device was not so hard to believe. Now, ...
AT&T and Verizon are Now Officially Partners, 1.9 Billion Deal Signed AT&amp;T and Verizon have finally came into terms on a deal that they have been negotiating for 8 months. It was back in January that Veri...
You Can Order LG G2 for $149 at Verizon Wireless The LG G2 is now available from Verizon for $199 on-contract or $599 at full retail. This is easily one of the most powerful smartphones e...
No Contract U.S. Carriers Comparison - Much Cheaper than Major Carriers The American Customer Satisfaction Index (ACSI) reported that satisfaction in the wireless phone industry is improving. The index noted th...
This is How You can Enjoy Games on Your Android Phone This is the ultimate game controller for Android smartphones, period. At $50, it&#39;s a bargain considering what it can do; it truly t...
