Are you waiting for Android 4.3 on your Sony Xperia phone?
Are you pleased to hear that the BB 10.2 update should soon be arriving for your Z10 or Q10?
Do you agree with the conclusion of this testing on the iPhone 5S and Galaxy Note 3, and if so what do you think about it?
Have you checked out the updated version of the Walking Dead app?
If you're about to purchase the HTC One Max will you invest in this official accessory too?
Are there any deal breakers for you for the iPad 5 or iPad mini 2?
If you don't appreciate the BlinkFeed Feature in Sense 5.0 you might be pleased to know that 5.5 will bring the option to turn it off.
Are you frustrated that this update is taking so long to reach the Verizon variant of the Moto X?
The iWatch is due next year, but would you like it to look like this?
Will you be checking your phone for this update in the next few days?
Do you find these kinds of Facebook hoaxes more worrying or annoying/
Do you prefer the iPhone 5C or 5S? Maybe you think Apple should have stuck with just the premium iPhone?
Will you be buying the HTC One Max on contract, unlocked, or not at all?
Do you expect Apple to maintain current iPad 4 pricing for the new iPad 5?
Are you more likely or less likely to buy this phone after watching the video review?
Would you be interested in either of these new Nokia feature phones?
These three phones will be tough competition to each other in the coming months. Which woud you choose?
Are you waiting for Android 4.3 on your Sony Xperia phone?
Are you interested in one of these new Karbonn smartphones for the Indian market?
Will you choose to buy the iPhone 5S or 5C on prepaid mobile carrier Cricket?
Are you hoping for new gold-colored iPads? How do you feel about existing iPad cases not fitting the iPad 5?
Are you still waiting for the Android or iOS BBM app?
Are you considering either of these two smartphones as your next device purchase?
The Google Watch is likely to be based on Google Now functionality and could be coming soon.
If you've been hoping that the Android Ingress game would make it to the iOS platform then you're in luck.
Are you eagerly waiting for this update to reach your Windows Phone device?
Are you hoping to see the Lumia 1520 made official on October 22?
Features benefits of the Galaxy Note 3 and Galaxy Gear smartwatch are clearly shown on a new infographic.
Are you thinking or purchasing the iPhone 5S, or upgrading from a previous iPhone?
Have you been waiting for the LG G2 to arrive on Sprint?
Would the thought of an iPad 6 with much higher resolution put you off purchasing the upcoming iPad 5?
The iWatch could feature home automation according to a new report. Do you think this would make it a more viable proposition than the Samsung Galaxy Gear?
Will you be choosing the HTC One or One mini in blue?
If you want to know more about optimizing S Pen use on the Galaxy Note 3, this video could help you out.
Are you surprised at any of the winners from this year's Mobile Choice Consumer Awards?
If you're considering purchasing this new tablet you may want to check out the official Samsung introductory video first.
Have you faced this apps crashing issue on your new iPhone 5S?
If you're thinking of purchasing the iPad 5 or iPad mini 2 are you bothered about whether it has the Touch ID fingerprint sensor or not?
If you've been hoping that the Xperia Z1 would come to T-Mobile US then your wish looks as though it has been granted.
Take a look at this video review of the BlackBerry Z30 and let us know whether you're going to purchase it or not?
Were you just about to purchase the Galaxy Note 3 on Verizon? Maybe you'll now wait for the Developer Edition instead?
