Master planning in Beijing... I'm enjoying this Sony NEX-7 experiment in China... I'm keeping copious notes... the plusses and the minuses... will compile a full report after the trip, but for now, here's a shot from the middle of it. If you missed the background on the experiment, see
happy Tuesday all:) i'm out the door heading to the gym........
happy hump day all:) i'm out the door to the gym! time to motivate!!
WASHINGTON, D.C. – General Motors will build a + Chevrolet Impala sedan for retail and fleet customers that operates on either gasoline or compressed natural gas (CNG), GM Chairman and CEO Dan Akerson announced today. It is the only manufacturer-produced full-size bi-fuel sedan and expected to go on sale next summer as a 2015 model. Akerson announced the car during remarks at an energy summit marking the 40th anniversary of the OPEC Oil Embargo. #OPEC40
What a chase.... unbelievable efforts by three young guys of India... + Shikhar Dhawan l FC , + Rohit Sharma | FC & Virat made the hard chase looks so easy. Hats off!! #IndvsAus
Here is the great + Karen Hutton in New Zealand !
The SR-71 Blackbird Waits... If you look closely, you can see Clint Eastwood in the cockpit...
The Walt Disney Concert Hall at night... Another matrix-like night in LA...
We had a wonderful sunrise in Queenstown today... !!!
Master planning in Beijing... I'm enjoying this Sony NEX-7 experiment in China... I'm keeping copious notes... the plusses and the minuses... will compile a full report after the trip, but for now, here's a shot from the middle of it. If you missed the background on the experiment, see
The Ice Bar - all made of ice - Below Zero - Queenstown, New Zealand We've been running around preparing for a big week for the event here in Queenstown this week! We took a break to go visit the famous Ice Bar with + Eden Brackstone . Just beforehand, he had met + Karen Hutton + Scott Kublin and + Curtis Simmons on the rainy streets after a chocolate blow-out at Patagonia (none of this sounds like we are actually working does it?). If you want to follow along and watch the video of the event, see Anyway, the Ice Bar was very cool. You actually drink out out of cups made of ice, and when you are done, you get to smash them like plates at a Greek wedding.
Happy New Year 2013 from New Zealand! The fireworks went off here just recently at midnight... and now it's 2013! I came home to process this photo to share with you... went to a little party atop the hill that had a nice vantage point of our little town below. Happy 2013!
Night in London... when I was about to get on the Tube... it was a long night of shooting, but I was inspired to get this one last photo...
Sunset after the Bullfight The southern part of France still has many regular bullfights... if you zoom in close, you can still see blood in the sand...
Here's a photo of + Tom Anderson taking photos of some horses off a dirt road north of Queenstown.
Going on another Disney Cruise! We liked the last one so much that we booked another cruise. This time, we are going to try the Alaska cruise, which should be pretty awesome. I was surprised how much I enjoyed the cruise, since I’m not really a cruise-kinda-guy, but the Disney ones are very nice! This is the lobby of the Disney Fantasy... this is not an HDR image... all Lightroom!
The Glittering Stars over Queenstown, New Zealand We took this one about midnight last night because the sun was setting all the way around 10 PM! And it sets so slowly here around 45 degrees south that the sky stays light up until about midnight... Took this last night from above Queenstown - EXIF info for you photo geeks like me Geeky Shot Info: 20 seconds, f/2.8, -1EV, ISO 1250, Nikon D800, Nikon 16mm fisheye (corrected in PS with Lens Correction)
The Light Dancer from the Melbourne PhotoWalk After hour THREE of the mega-photowalk, we came across this gal. She said her name was "Jane Fondle," which I thought was kind of strange. And I thought it was even more strange when she gave me a brochure and it said that she does live performances in front of children so they stay in shape. Jane Fondle! hehe... Anyway, this was a tough shot... as you can probably tell... getting HDR with movement is especially tricky -- and double-tricky when playing with light trails! #MelbournePhotoWalk2013
Driving Home in NZ As you approach Lake Tekapo from the East, you pass through an interesting set of geology. The mountains are rolling one second and ragged the next. I’ve noticed that some days also feature very strange light patterns, with heavy clouds overhead while shafts of evening light slice through and light up parts of the hills. I was able to capture this little scene, which only lasted about sixty seconds.
Dunedin Train Station I just got back from Dunedin and wanted to post this photo... Also, earlier yesterday I took the tour at the nearby Cadbury factory. They told me that this train station is the 2nd most photographed building in the southern hemisphere (behind the Sydney Opera House)... can anyone confirm that? I find that hard to believe... Here's all the EXIF info for you photo geeks out there like me: 16mm (14-24mm lens), f/8, 1/15s shutter, ISO 100, 5-exp hdr -3 to +1, Nikon D800. You can also see all the EXIF yourself if you click through then scroll down to "Photo Details"
The Road to Paradise, NZ Here's another place that Tom and I went a few days ago. After you pass Glenorchy, the roads turn to dirt, but then start weaving through some of the most beautiful mountains in the world...
The Lenticular Clouds Five minutes from home and a short walk brings me to this spot. I've been here many times, just me and my iPod, playing music and following the clouds around. I only discovered it recently. I spent most of the day working on a new series of how-to videos. These are going to be really really really cool. Central Otago Valley, New Zealand.
A gentle turn... I hope you all are having a good weekend!
When I stopped on the hike for a little drink of water... this was the view from the rock I was sitting on...
Mystery Museum Does anyone know this amazing spot? (regulars around here may recognize it as one of my favorites!)
