[REVIEW] We put Sony's latest flagship smartphone - the Xperia Z1 - through its paces. Is it even better than the original? Joe Minihane has the answer... Read it here:
Prime Minister David Cameron calls on consumers to switch energy supplier to get a 'better deal' following 9.2% price rises from British Gas Read more:
Co-operative Energy raises gas and electricity prices by 4.5% and pledges to ‘go halves’ with customers | Read more
Tesco Mobile becomes the latest network to join the 4G party with flexible tariffs starting at just £10 per month, plus upgrade option for existing customers that it's comparing to the 'price of a cup of coffee' Find out more:
Lord Stern says energy suppliers and the media are misleading Brits by blaming the price rises on green subsidies. Do you agree? Read more:
[REVIEW] We put Sony's latest flagship smartphone - the Xperia Z1 - through its paces. Is it even better than the original? Joe Minihane has the answer... Read it here:
UK likely to face increased risk of blackouts in the future Read more:
Energy minister Ed Davey has told unhappy consumers to switch energy suppliers to find better deals Read more:
HTC One Max to finally make its UK debut, with Vodafone confirming it will be exclusively stocking the super-sized kit 'within days'. Who's getting one? Find out more:
One Labour peer proposes to extend Daylight Savings Time to help bring down energy consumption and costs during winter's short days. At least one MP and a few environmental groups agree with her. Do you? Read the full story here:
The Samsung Galaxy S5 is likely to pack a 64-bit processor like the iPhone 5s, but half in size at just 14 nanometre, sources abreast of the S-maker's plans claim. Read more:
Nick Clegg defends energy subsidies, claiming that removal of them would increase prices, despite DECC report stating they'll make up a greater proportion of what households pay in the next seven years. So who's right here? Read the full story:
The Royals' soaring energy bills: How much do you think it costs a year to heat 775 rooms with a 60-year-old boiler at the Buckingham Palace? How many millions of kWh do you reckon it takes? Find out here:
Evidence is mounting that Apple’s newfound gold fixation with will soon spread to iPads, with fresh photos showing rear panels for the forthcoming iPad 5 and iPad mini 2 rocking more bling than Mr T. Read more:
Virgin Media launches new deal offering £50 and £100 credit with select triple-play TV, home phone and broadband bundles, along with unlimited downloads, free Super Hub router and free installation. Find out more:
The iPhone 5s is outselling its cheaper iPhone 5c stablemate by two-to-one, according to new report. Which one did you get? Read the full story:
Edinburgh broadband speeds slammed by local businessman, while BT defends its decision not to upgrade infrastructure in some central parts of the city. Read more:
Plusnet extends its £2.99 Unlimited Broadband and Calls deal, adding a £25 cashback on top for a total saving of £109 in the first year. Find out more:
Is the Apple rumour mill getting out of hand? Joe Minihane shares his thoughts on why the element of surprise outweighs the hype and excitement that comes with each new product launch from the iGiant. Do you agree? Read the full feature:
With the iPad 5 hotly tipped to debut next Tuesday, rumours have already begun doing the rounds that its successor will boast a screen that's even sharper than the Retina display, cramming some 40% more pixels per inch. Impressed? Confused? Let us know! Read more:
With the iPad 5 hotly tipped to debut next Tuesday, rumours have already begun doing the rounds that its successor will boast a screen that's even sharper than the Retina display, cramming some 40% more pixels per inch. Impressed? Confused? Let us know! Read more:
Sky Movies is coming soon to BT Television, bringing live and on-demand films from the popular film package to BT's platform in the shape of a new bolt-on starting October 26th. Find out more:
Rumours of Apple's next iPhone packing a larger display gained fresh credence, with yet another industry sage throwing his weight behind long-standing talk of an iPhablet. Read the full story:
SSE energy prices raised by 8.2% - more suppliers are expected to follow! Freeze your bills now with uSwitch:
BREAKING: #SSE announces 8.2% energy price rise, with the rest of the 'Big Six' suppliers expected to follow suit imminently. Find out more:
Behold, the #Samsung Galaxy Round - the world's first-ever commercially available smartphone rocking a flexible display. What do you think? Learn more:
The next #iPhone from #Apple will sport a 4.8-inch display, an industry analyst forecasts, apparently as a response to consumer demand for larger smartphones. But is a bigger screen really what the iPhone needs to remain competitive? Read more:
The fabled #HTC One Max will finally launch on October 15th, reports suggest, and it will feature a fingerprint scanner much like the iPhone 5s, according to insiders close to the Taiwanese phone-maker. Are you excited? Read more about it here:
EDF says Labour’s proposed energy reforms would result in higher bills – what do you think? | Read more
TalkTalk broadband is £250 cheaper than BT's. Or so claims the former's new ad campaign to promote its freshly launched £2.50 SimplyBroadband tariff. Learn more:
Can't watch Sky Go on your shiny new Samsung Galaxy Note 3? Fret not - an update is incoming to address that very soon. Find out more:
New survey shows lack of boiler cover can cost homes £314 in repairs | Read more
Want to zap that annoying iMessage bug on iOS 7? Until Apple gets around to an update that takes care of it once and for all, here's quick a workaround... Read about it here:
Energy and climate change minister talks up potential of solar power | Read more
The Google Nexus 5 could cost as little as £239, reports indicate, as the Big G looks to capitalise on the millions of would-be iPhone owners disappointed by the iPhone 5c's less-than-bargain price tag. Find out more:
Govt officials meet with mobile broadband providers, including EE, Vodafone and Three, to discuss ways of improving the UK's super-fast broadband coverage as part of the £1.2 Broadband Delivery UK (BDUK) rollout. Find out more:
Samsung lawyers face reprimand by US judge over leaking of a confidential document detailing a secret licensing pact between Apple and Nokia. Tsk tsk tsk... Read the full story:
#EDF unveils new fixed price tariff that locks #energy prices for the next 46 months. Time to switch? Read more:
National Grid: Risk of blackouts is at its highest in 6 years Read more:
Alternative distribution and community energy projects could change the energy market | Read more
