My Sony SmartWatch 2 was dirty so bring it under the running tap and wash it! The only SmartWatch in the market which is Water Resistance, it is made of premium material just like the Sony Xperia Z1.
My Sony SmartWatch 2 was dirty so bring it under the running tap and wash it! The only SmartWatch in the market which is Water Resistance, it is made of premium material just like the Sony Xperia Z1.
Ever want to create shortcut to your favourite contacts in a creative ways by having them walking around your Android Homescreen, you can do it with this app! If you are using Samsung then not advisable as it will cause your Samsung to be even more Laggy, no problem with Sony Smartphones!
Even Note 3 has 3GB Ram but it still loose out to Snapdragon 800 and even the display and camera also loose out to Sony Xperia Z1.
If you think that your Samsung or Apple smartphone camera is better than Sony then you should check out this report by DxOMark which fully test out the capabilities of the popular smartphone camera and Sony is just behind Nokia 808 Pureview while Samsung and Apple worst than Xperia Z1 as all the lens in Samsung and Apple are provided by Sony.
What a shame to Samsung which claims to launch the Flexible Display Smartphone and you can check out this video on how flexible is the display, it will be a joke for everyone! Simply crap!
Another normal scenario for Samsung Smartphones like Note 3 which is only 2 days old, with such lousy design and owner can just crack the screen by just putting the phone on the back of his pocket and sit on it, Samsung can earn more parts sales with such lousy design.
In early August, Jean-Baptiste “JBQ” Quéru, the lead technical engineer for the Android operating system, commented that Samsung was "still stuck in the Gingerbread days" since two years ago with their TouchWiz navigation interface, with HTC and LG a tad better, and praised Motorola and Sony for having proper and convenient navigation bars. He complimented Sony for actively promoting openness, and allowing and helping developers to build their own Android implementations for the Xperia Z1.
Nobody will buy this watch, and nobody should.
The Best Of Sony, for the Best Of You. Japan advertisement on Xperia Z1, so cool! Check it out!
Long time never take my Xperia Z for a bath, just bring my phone to bath under the running tap, it feels so clean now!
Add more Small Apps from Google Playstore in Xperia Z1, I am doing Multi-Tasking by browsing on my Dolphin Browser then open up Google Chrome Browser and Calculator using Small Apps, this is TRUE Multi-Tasking for Xperia Smartphones.
Nice sharing of one of the member from Hardwarezone Forum who have been using Samsung Smartphones and just switched over to Xperia Z Ultra : "Coming from S3, S4, Note2, i cannot imagine going back to samsung after using the xperia z ultra. Sony has made their phones so smooth and clean without bloatware. and the glass design is so premium feeling. easier to maintain than HTC one, which is full aluminium (much easier to get scratched). and the IP58, very useful during rainy condition in SG. When it rains or when your hands are wet, so much more convenient to use without concern. I cannot wait for the next Z or Z ultra when they incorporated the G lens onto the Z ultra. Also not mentioning the pending PS4 and new PSN incorporated into their xperia products. Sony has a winner here ....."
This flower is taken by the World's leading camera module in Xperia Z1 with 20.7MP with Exmor RS, the same camera found in Sony Digital Camera.
Long queue at Bishan! Not for iPhone 5S and Samsung Note 3, this is much longer queue than those at Telcos. It is the redemption for the Bluetooth headset for Xperia Z Ultra!
Sony Xperia Z1 from Sony gets Top Score in every Segment of the Review and overall rated 4.5 out of 5. Check it out!
Dinosaur nearby the Ya Kun Kaya Toast at POMO!
Those who want to know more about the technology in Xperia Smartphones like Display technology or the camera technology, you can check out the link below from XDA, it is a good post to read about.
This photo is taken with Xperia Z1 camera with AF Effect background based on Dinosaur Theme. It is cool and only Xperia Smartphone from Sony gives you such effect by default.
Just received my trial set of White Xperia Z1, it is so class and premium compared to Xperia Z.
Not only people queue for iphone or Samsung but they queue for the latest Sony Xperia flapship, the Xperia Z1 as Sony giveaway the attachable lens together with the Xperia Z1 in Taiwan. Check out the video for more!
Check out this video on the comparison of LCD and AmoLed, you will know why LCD is still the best!
Thinking of upgrading to Samsung Note 3, check out this video playing of 4K Video on both Note 3 and Xperia Z1 and decide for yourself.
You must remember that Samsung has added additional feature for Note 3, that is why they increase the ram to 3GB. Note 2 has a lot of problems like lag and hang so it will be the same as Note 3, it is software issue and not hardware.
Yes. Samsung hardware is lousy and will not last, their software is the worst even compared to its own rival like LG or HTC. Sony's firmware is the best which provides better user experience with no lag or hang even on Xperia Z with only 2GB Ram so it proves the firmware is more important than hardware specs.
Yes. These models you used are still under SonyEricsson design and models. The actual model from Sony starts from Xperia Z as android need a minimum of 2GB Ram for its true multi-tasking.﻿ I am using my Xperia Z since March and I still love it as it never hang or lag on me compared to my friends using S3, Note 2 and even S4, they keep complaining lag or hang after using the phone for a few months.
Check out the LG G2 Review and the reviewer mentioned that it is disappointing with its glossy plastic, it feels like another Cheap Plastic Samsung device.
Check out this Full Review of Xperia Z1 when Sony launched the Z1 in Malaysia last week. This is the review which you should check which is not biased compared to other reviews.
A very daring Music MTV by Miley Cyrus on her latest Song, Wrecking Ball. Check it out!
A very interesting and innovative Music MTV on her latest Song, Roar! Check it out!
Just encounter one guy wearing business outfit at Ya Kun outlet in IMM during lunch jumping queue by placing his order to the staff of Ya Kun who are making coffee, ignoring people who are queueing at the counter placing our orders. I will only laugh and look down on such people!
The more educated you are, you are able to create parking lot out of nowhere whether it is any open space or on the pavement like the. Silver and yellow car in the photo.
Xperia Z1 will be the world's leading camera smartphone from Sony. No other manufacturers can compete with Sony!
A good review on Samsung Note 3 that nothing is new for the Note 3 just like the design which was commented below : "Looking at what Sony is doing in the phablet space, the design in play with the Galaxy Note 3 is starting to lag behind – to the point that it’s becoming stale."
New version of RoboCop movie is finally out soon, got to watch it when it is available!
You might find that Note 3 is good, check out this review to find out for yourself. Even the reviewer also experience the lags with Note 3 even though it packs 3GB Ram so how good is the firmware tuning is more important than the hardware specs as both hardware and software works hand in hand with each other to provide user a good experience in using the smartphone. Xperia Z Ultra delivers a much smooth user interface though it has only 2GB Ram and slightly slower processing power of 2.2Ghz compared to Note 3. What the reviewer mentioned : "The front-end user interface is driven by TouchWiz (what else?), and in our short hands-on with it, appeared to be fairly snappy. Yes, we use the word ‘fairly’, because it still has the occasional stutters, usually during multi-tasking." Xperia Z Ultra can open many Small Apps than Note 3 Multi-Window function and yet it still deliver a speedy and smoother interface.
Sony is back to conquer the smartphone race with Xperia Z1 by its beauty and camera capability, water proof features which is a perfect smartphone for everyone!
Sony Smartwatch is still better looking and practical compared to the competitors, what is the use of having such fast processor but the responsiveness of UI is so slow and battery draining.
The Best Smartphone with the Best Camera Lens is here with 20.7MP Camera lens. Xperia Z1 will be available in Singapore by Early October! No other Smartphones in the market can take such good photos not forgetting that the camera in your iphone or Samsung devices are provided by Sony.
The Best of Sony is built into Xperia Z1, Tampered Glass for both Front and Rear protected by Aluminium Frame. The Lens found in Sony Digital Camera are being re-designed to fit into the Z1, it is also water proof and the display are the same as the 4K Sony TV, check out this video for more info and Be Moved!
Check out this video on the Hands on Sony QX10 and QX100 Smart Lenses which you can attached to your Xperia Smartphones and turn into a SLR Camera on the Go. It is built-in NFC and WIFI, battery operated and card slots for easy storage. Check it out now!
Sony has just announced the Xperia Z1, a waterproof smartphone with a 20.7MP camera inside. Coming nine months after the announcement of the Xperia Z, the Z1 comes with a similarly sized 5" screen, a faster Qualcomm Snapdragon 800 quad-core 2.2Ghz processor, a larger 3000 mAh battery, 4G LTE support, is also dust and water resistant (rated IP55 and IP58), built with tempered glass and a single piece aluminium frame. Like the Xperia Z, the Z1 will be available in white, black and purple, and is expected to be available globally in September 2013.
Innovative promo ads about the upcoming 4.4, Android KITKAT!
