Sony Launches SmartWatch 2, Xperia Z Ultra, Xperia Z1 in the U.S Sony's trio of inter-compatible gadgets, the SmartWatch 2, Xperia Z Ultra phablet and Xperia Z1 smartphone, is now available in the United States. The SmartWatch 2, which was first introduced in June at Shanghai's Mobile Asia Expo, is designed as a companio...
Apple iPad Event: The 10 Biggest Rumors BY SAMANTHA MURPHY KELLY Apple is expected to launch two new iPads — the iPad 5 and iPad mini 2 — at an event next week in San Francisco. As usual, the rumor mill has cranked out a lot of speculation surrounding the next-generation tablets, as well as b...
4 Ways Entrepreneurs Can Amplify Content On LinkedIn BY RYAN LYTLE Image: Bloomberg via Getty Images LinkedIn launched in 2003 as the social network of choice for professionals, and as a landmark of sorts for those who wanted an online space for their resume. Since then, the platform has grown to more than 2...
AT&T To Offer $5-A-Day Wireless Access To Tablet Users Image: Robert Scoble AT&T announced a new a-la-carte option for mobile users — a $5 day pass aimed at tablet users who need short-term data access. The new $5 plan cellular plan includes 250 MB of data access for 24 hours, which is a much better rate than ...
How Google Street View Could Fight Invasive Species Image: Sancho McCann Google's online street views could help scientists track and fight invasive species over the Internet, researchers say. Mapping where species are in the world is key to monitoring native and invasive organisms. However, collecting this...
What Social Media Can (Really) Tell You About Job Applicants Image: Jason A. Howie It's no secret that employers research job candidates' social media profiles to help them make hiring decisions. Most employers, however, may have been inaccurately evaluating applicants' online personas all along: New research has fo...
NASA Has Been Breeding Jellyfish In Space For 20 Years BY MEGAN GARBER Image: Klaus Stiefel Since the early 1990s, we humans have been doing something both odd and eminently sensible: We've been launching jellyfish into space. And we have been doing it for science. During NASA's first Spacelab Life Sciences ...
By Going Mobile Ads, Google Winning Online Ad War Image : Paul Sakuma AP SAN FRANCISCO – Google is losing the battle against falling ad prices, but still winning the online advertising war. In its earnings report Thursday, the company revealed the decline of a key pricing metric has once again accelerated...
Google Beats Q3 Earnings, Stock Jumps Above $900 Google beat earnings and revenue estimates for the third quarter, sending the stock soaring back above $900 a share in after hours trading. The search giant reported earnings of $10.74 per share on revenue of $14.89 billion for the September quarter, beatin...
Twitter's Most Popular Cashtag Is $AAPL BY ZOE FOX Apple 's cashtag $AAPL is Twitter's most popular stock. In August 2013, $AAPL was mentioned more than 83,000 times. Behind $AAPL are Tesla Motors' $TSLA and BlackBerry's $BBRY. Statista created this chart showing the 10 most popular Twitter cas...
Apple And The NSA Can Read Your iMessages - Experts BY LORENZO FRANCHESCHI-BICCHIERAI Image: Flickr, afagen Security experts have long suspected that iMessage is not as safe and impenetrable as Apple claims. But a group of researchers says it has proof that Apple can indeed eavesdrop on your iMessages ...
Nikon Offers First DSLR With Wifi And GPS BY MEG WAGNER Image: Nikon Sharing your DSLR -quality images on Instagram — and letting everyone know where you are at the same time — just got one step easier. Nikon announced the newest addition to its DSLR family Thursday. The D5300 is the company's f...
** BY STAN SCHROEDER Google 's Nexus 5 is not exactly the world's best kept secret , but if you needed further confirmation that the device is coming soon, we've got it: the device briefly appeared in Google Play Store with a price tag of $349. Originally app...
Nokia Multi-Screen Smartwatch Of The Future BY SAMANTHA MURPHY KELLY Images: U.S. Patent & Trademark Office; Engadget Nokia is the latest company with its sights set on the smartwatch space, and if new pictures and a video is any indication, it will be quite a feast for the eyes. Originally posted o...
10 Best Economy Airlines Coach Seats Image : Qatar Airways. How do you feel after rushing to the airport and then waits for the security checks and if the weather is not good, you have to wait for flight delay with the baby crying behind your seat. After waiting for 3 to 7 hours you have to wa...
Remote Desktop For Android And iOS From Microsoft Image : Microsoft Good news for Windows 8.1 user, today Microsoft announced to released it's remote desktop application for Android and iOS device. This new application give Windows 8.1 users to control their desktop by using Android and iOS mobile. This si...
