Check out the sample pics, #wow #sony #fullframe
Goog started sending out invites for an event on 10/24. then this:
found this quote tho: "According to the source of this invite, Russell Holly, who is always spot on with his information, there will be no new hardware at this event."
Check out the sample pics, #wow #sony #fullframe
Happy Ada Lovelace Day! In 1843, Ada wrote a method for calculating a sequence of the Bernoulli numbers with Charles Babbage's Analytical Engine. This algorithm is widely considered the first computer program ever written. In honor of Ada Lovelace Day, share your favorite women in #STEM stories with us using the hashtag #AdaLovelaceDay . Who inspired you to get interested in science, technology, engineering, or math?
Mmm it was worth the wait. Love you + Becky Takeuchi #gumbo
Its a good portal, just like the irony given the title and the homeless person
Giant Crystal Cave is filled with crystals that are 500,000 years old, and were formed from underground magma. Image: goo.gl/2b3J03
what is the title? I thought this was microscopic until I realized there were people in there
Hammer in the house. Can I get a base runner?
Headed to ALDS Game 5 tomorrow? Please take note of updated parking and stadium information to know before you go!
That was pretty funny by Vinny. "we would have stayed on the air if they sang god bless america, instead they went with living on a prayer" lol
So I ranted about the bush league crap DET was pulling on Sat. A couple corrections: 1) Jose Iglesias was playing 2B, not Omar Infante (whatever, same difference) 2) Slusser mentioned they are long time friends and were horse-playing, still, this is playoff baseball so keep that stuff on the school yard.
It's k. There is no questioning our devotion
Found this in the garage. Works pretty well. I forgot about HD radio and some of the local alternate 2 and 3 channels. #zune #MeatlessMonday
I think we're getting into their heads. Hunter pointing at Gray. Infante trying to trip Cespi at 2b. #24 smiling and shaking his head no at the fans on the 3b side. That's BS. They know they were out matched last night so they reverted to bush league crap.
Obviously no work will get done on Monday morning. Rise and shine. #win
A little closer tonight. #thisisoakland #win
'Scientists have performed an “autopsy” on nuggets from two unnamed fast-food chains. The findings aren’t pretty: 40 to 50 percent of the nuggets were meat, and the rest was fat, skin, connective tissue, blood vessels, nerves and bone fragments' - SFGate. #hungry #still
Eat my sandwhich, listen to the radio, partake of the flask, baseball! #gametime #thisisoakland
FYI per BART, I highly recommend it. Plus we can all rejoice together walking/creeping slowly over the sky bridge after we win tonight "Friday's Oakland A's playoff game starts near the peak of the Friday night commute when all of BART's trains are already in service so fans are encouraged to try to get the game early to avoid the crush of Friday night commuters." "BART will be charging for parking at the Coliseum/Oakland Airport BART parking lot for all upcoming A's playoff games and the Raiders game this weekend. The parking charge for the A's games will be $8 and for the Raiders game the charge will be $20. "
this
Want to make your Google account safer? 2-step verification adds an extra layer of security by protecting your Google account with both your password and your phone. Keep the bad guys out—even if they steal your password. #staysafe
yeah IMAX is the way to...fly? any large screens a la Metreon in peninsula?
Havent seen Van Ness, Eville is not the same screen size as metreon, Santa Clara is too far I guess
Yeah, that's what made me think about it. Ill wait, I hate going the first weekend.
Just realized that #chromecast auto switched the input on my Sony TV. Why didn't I notice this b4. #nice
say what you want about the XF1, I say $249!, that's all you had to say. On sale now!
I did feel that, #earthquake . 2.3, 4km off the coast.
Use for your FB page. Don't remember who the credit goes to.
what a great innovation...an on/off button! I have XF1, and I use it alot
what a great innovation...an on/off button! I have XF1, and I use it alot
what a great innovation...an on/off button! I have XF1, and I use it alot
what a great innovation...an on/off button! I have XF1, and I use it alot
