Sony's eagerly anticipated full-frame ILCs, the A7 and A7R finally debut -- at reasonable prices Read More:
Behind the scene - HighRes Interrupted by at least 5-7 yike bikes and people walking past... but i find this shot interesting...
High Res - Fashion portrait, lighting lesson under the guidance of local pro Gladys.
Dasha - not sure which one to post so I put them together...
Palladium Lite Tech, it's so light that it's anti gravity.
Mobile Portrait Behind The Scene - Beautiful Austrian with oriental eyes... Well, my phone is not exactly doing justice to her look, which is many time better...
Mango giant light panel, flashing LCDs, loud music and people busy walking by.. Can't help it but whipped out my phone to take a shot and convert it to Black and white.
No it's not FloralFriday... It's Light Bandit being schooled on the subject of light.... on demo is the Para 220... Didn't get the chance to see Para 330! #BronColor
behind the scene 3 exotic beauties from Mongolia... 1 is missing
Behind the scene Ongoing... 4 Mongolians today
thumbelina butterfly... for #macromonday shot this with my #xperia phone, it is the size of a fingernail... Thanks to + Kim Sinclair and + Shane Williams for helping me to identify the species - Lycaenidae family.
...and the pointe...
and the sun lent a hand and shone on the dancer just before setting...
and then she dances...
Man by the window at Muskat...
Hey thank you mate for your kind compliments ( + walter gawronski ).
+ Ong Chi Hang , nah... long story, i was happy with my old site, but they made some changes and i'm kind of forced to change. I resisted at first because i know it will take a lot of time to get it right... so i spent entire Sat doing this...
+ Grace Monte de Ramos , thank you! and KISS is what I always have in mind when it comes to art.
Spooky night in the park..... Just a quick play with your Picture + Light Bandit I know the shadow completely correct, but gives the idea... #dunkpunked
My friend Bob told me that little girl sculpture looks creepy (from earlier post)... so, this should be how it'll look like under the moonlight... say 1am?
Little girl on a swing... and water banana plants
