B&H has posted a video demo of the new Sony cameras. Click on the small "Item Demo" thumbnail under the large product shot to watch it. It shows things like the WiFi in action:
B&H has posted a video demo of the new Sony cameras. Click on the small "Item Demo" thumbnail under the large product shot to watch it. It shows things like the WiFi in action:
So.... the iPad doesn't have good battery life?
+ Google + YouTube Please stop butchering my apostrophe! This was fixed for a while but now you've replaced my apostrophe with the dreaded ASCII code 39 -- a.k.a. &#39; -- which make me sad.
Can I get your honest opinion please? It's time to upgrade - #iPhone or #MotoX ?? I've read the reviews, have an iPhone 5 now, and have compared both devices side by side. I'd like your balanced, real-life thoughts on the two - especially, if you've left the iPhone for the MotoX Thanks in advance for your input!! + Motorola Mobility + Guy Kawasaki + Robert Scoble #apple #motorola #ios #android + Android #iphone5
Mark your calendars, phone fans: Google's Nexus 5 and Android KitKat are set for a 15 October unveiling . What do you want to see in the new Android update?
I don't know if anyone else has seen this program yet, but as far as I can tell the way it works is that the client does directly connect to Apple, but the data is all processed on the developer's server in China. This not only means that Apple can't just block them by IP address, but also that they get to keep the "secret sauce" on their servers (and potentially just run Apple code: there are some parts of the process in Apple's client code that is highly obfuscated). Every packet from Apple is forwarded to 222.77.191.206, which then sends back exactly what data to send to Apple (along with extra packets that I presume tell the client what's happening so it can update its UI). Likewise, if the client wants to send a message, it first talks to the third-party server, which returns what needs to be sent to Apple. The data is re-encrypted as part of this process, but its size is deterministically unaffected. Clearly, this is suboptimal from a security perspective. Is this the kind of thing that Google gets involved in? ( + Nick Kralevich : I'm legitimately curious about that.) The developer is even responding to reviews about login issues asking only for user's Apple IDs, which makes it sound like even the authentication must be under his direct control (where it can be logged and debugged given only the username). Arguably, though, the app does do what it claims to do ;P.
Samsung is planning to introduce a smartphone with a curved glass display in October.
The next Steve Jobs isn't Jeff Bezos -- or so Bezos said as he guided us through a product walk-through at Amazon HQ:
Box This video is mind-blowingly awesome. All done in camera with projections.
Fans streaming into Lincoln Financial Field for the Eagles game. Pretty cool animated GIF!
Beware of Google Authenticator 2.0 for iOS. Especially if you're running the iOS 7 beta and have automatic app updates enabled.
While there are many full moons in a year, there's something special about the rare occurrence of a blue moon. Check out these photos of the blue moon from around the world:
Google Glass finds fellow traveler in Field Trip The Field Trip app for exploring and learning about your surroundings launches a Glassware app for a more hands-free approach to real-world discovery. #GoogleGlass #Glassware
Anyone received the @google maps or @waze updates for iOS? Nothing here.
@googleglass hacker @LanceNanek builds price comparison app; 'Crystal Shopper' is barcode scanner & price checker that offers price comparisons &@amazon ratings; added gestures to app: look up adds scanned items to wish list, nod left/right closes app; Nanek created another Glass app for job interviewees #googleglass #glassexplorers
