Next Sony Xperia could be able to wirelessly charge in one hour : by + Aditya Thawardas Smartphones are incredible devices that have made our lives infinitely better, but they still have their problems. Like how long some phones take to charge. Sony might be solving that problem in a big way.......
Getting schooled on superstitions by a 5 year old - For each game of the ALDS and ALCS, I have always made sure that I have my Red Sox wallpaper displayed on my WiMM One smartwatch for good luck. My son Ben (4 years and 10 months old) always likes to play with the watch at bedtime. Last night (just before the beginning of the game) he wanted to change the watch face, and I said "If you do that, the Red Sox will lose." He proceeded to say, "This watch isn't connected to the Red Sox." I countered with, "How do you know that?" and he responded with "I know, I know everything." So I let him change the watch face, and magically, the Sox won 4-3. Interestingly, he changed it to a picture of himself.
Next Sony Xperia could be able to wirelessly charge in one hour : by + Aditya Thawardas Smartphones are incredible devices that have made our lives infinitely better, but they still have their problems. Like how long some phones take to charge. Sony might be solving that problem in a big way.......
Nexus 5 retail packaging leaked, white variant smiles for the camera : by + Justin Herrick After last night's suprise cameo in the Play Store, possible retail packaging of the Nexus 5 has leaked as well. And the retail packaging isn't just catching eyes because of its design.......
'Steve Jobs patent' upheld by USPTO, 'massive setback' for Samsung and Google : by + Robert Nazarian Apple just got a huge win that will result in continued problems for Samsung and Google. The "Steve Jobs patent" (U.S. Patent No. 7,479,949) was reaffirmed by the U.S Patent & Trade Office (USPTO)......
Proud Dad Moment LOL - Every week, Ben's daycare has a letter of the week, and every Friday, the kids bring something in that begins with that week's letter for show and tell. Look what Ben decided on. I told him one of the figurines would be better, but he insisted on the bluetooth speaker since it lights up and makes a sound when turned on. So proud!!
I may do a lot of things wrong + Marlon Thompson but I gotta get that one right
Samsung Galaxy S5 could feature eye-scanning technology : by + Harrison Kaminsky We started seeing facial recognition in devices a few years back. It was a cool idea, but the technology wasn't really ready yet. This year, fingerprint scanning technology has become more prevalent. Smart-watches are now becoming more mainstream, with Google expected to unveil their own smart-watch relatively soon. Our society is slowly becoming more and more like the fictitious worlds depicted in many science fiction novels, shows and movies from the past--- would it surprise you if I told you that Samsung is working on eye-scanning technology, and it could be featured in the Galaxy S5?.......
Say hello to the Nexus 5, full press render leaks on Google servers : by + Robert Nazarian Earlier today a leaked press render of the Nexus 5 with Telus branding surfaced. A lot of people think it's fake, but it doesn't matter now because the real deal just leaked on Google servers........
ON SALE NOW! Just in time for Android 4.4, we have KitKat Plushies! At the + Big Android BBQ we officially announced the Android KitKat Plush Toy. Order now: for a LIMITED time! If you want to be the ultimate Android fan you must have this LIMITED EDITION Plushie and included "wrapper" carrying bag. The KitKat Plushie is only available for a very limited time. Be sure to order now so you don't miss out on this collectors item.
Excellent article by #fastcompany regarding the psychological fallacies in our logic. I highly recommend it. #psychology #brain #research
Limited Edition Android Halloween figurine to be sold by Dead Zebra on October 21 : by + Harrison Kaminsky Android artist Gary Ham has designed a special edition, mini collectible "Trickertreat!" Android figurine......
Nexus 5 press images leak, features TELUS branding : by + Harrison Kaminsky We already know that the Nexus 5 will be coming to the Play Store off-contract, and that it will also be sold by carriers in the US. We now have news that the Canadian carrier, TELUS, will be offering the device as well........
So then...what's the new American Dream?
If only I was in the dating scene. Perfect place for a first date don't you think?
Nexus 5 and Android 4.4 Kit Kat appear to now be on tap for October 28 : by + Robert Nazarian Yesterday, the Google+ Kit Kat page posted what many people thought was a hint that Android 4.4 (and the Nexus 5 ) would be announced on October 18. The post referenced the C&C Music Factory song, "Gonna Make You Sweat (Everybody Dance Now)", which was released on October 18, 1990 and happened to be exactly 4 minutes and 4 seconds long. It appears Google was really trying to tell us something, but we needed to dig a little deeper.......
Is the official Google+ Kit Kat page hinting at an October 18 release? : by + Robert Nazarian Leave it to the Android community to come up with this one. Yesterday the official Google+ Kit Kat page posted the above picture and stated, "Everybody dance now! #AndroidKITKAT " Did Google try to give us a clue as to when Android 4.4 Kit Kat would be released? In examining the comments, the theory is that this post hints at this Friday, October 18. How on earth could anyone get October 18 out of the post?.......
LG targeting Samsung, iPhone, and HTC owners with new ads : by + Justin Herrick LG is at it again with their interesting ad choices choices. This time around LG is going directly after their competitors. Their new banner ads will point out what they believe to be faults with other devices compared to the LG G2.......
HELL NO: the sensible horror film. Very nice.
Latest rumor suggests Nexus 5 pricing will start at $399, updated Nexus 4 with LTE to be offered at $299 : by + Robert Nazarian Last week we heard a rumor that Google would offer the Nexus 5 in both 16GB and 32GB varieties, but each variant would sport a different sized battery (2,300mAh/3,000mAh). Pricing would be $299 and $399 respectively. Fast forward one week and the Nexus 5 rumor freight train continues with a different take.......
What is the matter with Nike? Why would you ignore the majority of the smartphone market? Dumb move.
The major networks better watch out. Netflix is already a competitor, but can you imagine what the "picture" is going to be like in 5 years?
New Google watch could be very close to release, will sport lots of Google Now functionality : by + Robert Nazarian Ten days ago, it was reported that we could see a new Google watch (codenamed Gem) on October 31 alongside the Nexus 5, Nexus 10, and Kit Kat. Of course, the latest rumor suggests the Nexus 5 will be announced tomorrow, and we have yet to see an FCC filing or any significant leaks regarding a Google watch. Now we do know that Google is working on a watch based on earlier reports from publications like the Wall Street Journal and the fact that Google purchased WiMM. The question is when will they show it to us?........
New leaked Android 4.4 Kit Kat screenshots reveal some of the same, some new stuff, and an easter egg : by + Robert Nazarian The Android 4.4 Kit Kat leak freight train is at top speed right now as leaks are coming from all over the place. With so many leaks involving different builds, it's not so easy trying to figure out what's going to make the cut and what's not. Todays leak comes from ZDNet, which shows Android 4.4 running on a Nexus 7. The screens show a lot of what we have already seen like Tap & Pay, native cloud printing, and some of the newer rounded icons, but we also get a glimpse of the new clock and an easter egg.......
Top 4 Android password manager apps [October 2013] : by + Harrison Kaminsky “I don’t need a password manager. I can remember all of them.” “All of my passwords are the same so I don’t need to record them somewhere.” “I have all of my passwords saved on my browser anyway.” “Nobody will try to hack my account so I don’t need to securely store my information.” If you have found yourself saying one of the above before, then you’re making a mistake. Password managers can offer so much to even the most average of users, and those of you that have multiple sign-ins on multiple websites (all of you) would be smart to securely write down your password. If you’re one of the millions of people that use Chrome as a web browser, there’s something you should know. Anyone, and I mean anyone with access to your computer has access to all of your saved passwords on Chrome. Ever try typing “chrome://settings/passwords” into Chrome’s search bar? You’ll find all of your usernames/passwords for all the sites you have saved the password for on Chrome. All of this is easily accessible by pretty much anyone on your computer. Now do you want a password manager? If so, check out our top password manager apps available for Android.......
Download Android Kit Kat wallpaper and icons : by + Robert Nazarian Want that Android 4.4 Kit Kat look right now? Well we can't give you the official release, but XDA member ALESSIO94x did a really good mock up of the wallpaper and icons seen in last week's leak......
LG G Flex press render leaks, to be announced next month : by + Robert Nazarian LG might be a month behind in announcing their curved display phone, but we now know exactly what it will look like. The timeliness of this leak is very interesting when you consider the Galaxy Round was officially announced last week. LG obviously didn't want everyone to wait a full month before "seeing" what they had in store......
HTC One Max officially unveiled, 5.9-inch phablet with a fingerprint scanner and Sense 5.5 : by + Robert Nazarian You can stop the leaks now because the HTC made the One Max official.......
TalkAndroid Weekly Recap for October 7 - October 13, 2013 : We had another busy week at TalkAndroid so here's a recap of all the top stories. We had a lot of Nexus 5 and Android 4.4 Kit Kat news this week. We got a really good look at Android 4.4 from leaked screenshots, and just yesterday, a 7 minute video leaked showing off the phone along with an older version of Android 4.4. A few developers seem to think that both the Nexus 5 and Kit Kat will be announced this coming Tuesday. Speaking of Tuesday, it's confirmed that the HTC One Max will be unveiled on the same day and the fingerprint scanner does a few more things than we thought it did. Samsung took the wraps off of the first smartphone with a flexible display, but is anyone excited about it? Kudos to Sony for coming out with a "mini" phone that has flagship specs, and Verizon is back to their marketing shenanigans again. It's time to get caught up and get ready for another exciting week........
Designer explains how the Android logo was conceived : by + Justin Herrick Ever wonder who designed the Android logo and why it looks the way it does? Irina Blok is that person and created the logo when she was a designer at Google while they were preparing Android's worldwide launch.......
Get the most out of Google Search - Lots of Google Search Tips & Tricks here that you might not know about.
The next time you're dining out with friends, eliminate the guesstimating of figuring out how much to tip. Say that you're out to eat with eight friends and the bill is $323. On the Google Search App, just type or tap the mic and ask, "What's the tip for 323 dollars?" You can also easily adjust the percent of the bill you’d like to tip, and split the check among the people in your party. #searchtips #googlesearch
Nexus 5 and older version of Android 4.4 shows up in 7 minute hands on video : by + Robert Nazarian Ever since the Nexus 5 made a surprise appearance in the Google Kit Kat video, we have been yearning for a little more. Well today our prayers have been answered with a full hands on 7 minute video from smartphones.sfr.fr..........
It might have something to do with the new Google Experience launcher that was leaked. It says GEL stub under it, which I have no idea what it means.
Dah!!! How did I not see that? Maybe it was the Manhattan I just drank.
Nobody else has been able to get my Moto X to respond to "Okay Google Now" other than me, but when listening to this past week's TWIG, my Moto X did respond to + Leo Laporte when he said "Okay Google Now" on the show. I wonder how many other Moto X's Leo set off?
+ John Moriarty "Okay Google Now" is the phrase it wants you to use although I have gotten it to accept "Okay Google"
It's a feature. It's only supposed to respond to the "owner's" voice, but nothing is 100%. He actually said it again later in the show and it didn't set it off that time.
More screenshots of the Nexus 5 with Android 4.4 leak : by + Jared Peters We've seen the Nexus 5 leak multiple times, usually around the same time we've seen Android 4.4 interface leaks. Today, though, we're getting what is probably the best look yet at both the phone and the newest version of Android 4.4 KitKat. Thanks to TuttoAndroid, who was also responsible for some of the earlier leaks of Android 4.4, we've got a clean look at the front of the Nexus 5, as well as different aspects of the slightly redone interface that we're going to see on the Nexus 5......
LG G2 review: Is this LG's breakout phone? : by + Robert Nazarian LG is one of those companies that you know very well. They make great products, but when it comes to smartphones, they take a backseat to many of the other Android manufacturers. The good news is that most of the Android manufacturers are all in the same boat, not doing all that great and looking up to Samsung. But LG is a little different. If anyone can put a dent into Samsung's armor, it seems as though LG would have the best chance. Just like Samsung, they are a large company with deep pockets. LG has been quietly lurking around, but you get the feeling they are ready to make their move with the LG G2. It offers a lot in terms of specs and features, but is it good enough to sway Samsung loyalists? Hit the following link to get started.....
Motorola DROID Ultra quick review: A Moto X in a bigger body : by + Robert Nazarian Motorola's concentration is on the Moto X, but they haven't left Verizon Wireless and the DROID line behind. In fact, Motorola signed an exclusive deal with Verizon making them the sole manufacturer of DROID phones going forward. For the last two years, Motorola's emphasis was on the DROID RAZRs, but this year the "RAZR" name was dropped even though the overall look reminds us of past RAZRs. In the past, Motorola's flagship was almost always a DROID, but this year, the DROID line is taking a backseat to the Moto X. Other than a few models, Verizon was used to pretty much being the only U.S. carrier to offer phones made by Motorola. That isn't the case this year since the Moto X is available on all the major carriers, including Verizon. For the first time the DROIDs are actually a variant of another flagship. The DROID mini, DROID Ultra, and DROID MAXX are all essentially a Moto X in terms of pure specs. Yes, there are differences, but are they compelling enough to buy the DROID Ultra (or any other DROID) over the Moto X? Hit the following link to find out.........
When entering an appointment in Google Calendar, under location, there should be an option to search for locations so you don't have to manually type an address or open another tab, search for the place (ie Starbucks), and copy/paste. Am I missing something here?
If this rumor about the Nexus 5 and Android 4.4 being announced on October 15 is true, it would mean Google would squash any buzz HTC would get from their One Max announcement (same day). Would Google do that to HTC when they are so down and out?
I totally agree with you + Chris Sucharda . Invites would have needed to go out at least 10 days ago. It makes no sense. Plus, why would they do that to HTC?
I'm actually shocked at this. I know the iPhone 5C wasn't priced as "cheap" as everyone had hoped, but I figured it would be a hit with the younger crowd, especially with the colors.
Google Launchpad devs say Nexus 5 and Android 4.4 to be released on October 15 : by + Robert Nazarian Previous rumors indicated October 14 and as late as October 31 for the Nexus 5 and Android 4.4 Kit Kat announcement, but Google Launchpad devs are saying the date is October 15.......
