Save more to email new email solution new fax to email technology introduce free service that will save you a lots. Is For individual and company time are tough both company and individualy, faxing solution is her for you to resolve ýour unnecessary cost of rebeiving and sending fax or faxing a fax. Faxing the traditional ways is notorious unreliable and incefficient not to mention enormously expensive. Soutg africa is home to almost half a million fax machines most of wich are swiched on 24hours a day. The amount of electricity wastage and carbon emission is significant, fax machines left in standby mode generate an incredible 12000 tons of co2 mission. Today start save papers, electricity, inks, machines mantainance money, by getting fax fx technology model solusion. Technology meance that your fref to conveniently receive and send fax from any where in the world provided you have access to an internet connection, all incoming faxes are direct to your privete inbox and may be viewed at your leisure. You are provided with an individual fax mumber for your company and each department yours to keep for life wich is permanently linked to your email address best of all faxfx fax to email services are entirely free of charge with no extra setup or managment cost. Fax fx faxing solution provide the following service fax to email email to fax print to fax scan to fax and more. Fax fx provide company and individual user with a host of benefits wici include receive inbound faxfx absolutely free of charge no sign up or managment fees no addional software or hardware requirements allowing use to fully utilize their current investment in email and internet system superior print quality in comparison to ordinary faxing method no need for maintenance saving on office consumable such as paper, tones, ink, electricityg. The ability to receive faxex from any where in the world absolute confidentiality and security of private document and correspondence To get your free fax to email number today email your faw easy details exaple your user name 6 digital number your email cell number to: onlinefaxsolution @ gmail.com .
