Battery Backups 1.Sony Has launched a Portable Mobile Charger Sony CP-ELSR 2000 mAh . This has charging capacity of up to 6 hrs. You can charge your mobile with the support of USB 2. Cooler Master can Charge your battery witha stylus Touch pen. This works with LED indicato...
Fastest way to charge up your Phone How much time does it take to charge your phone?? 1 hr or' else minimum of 2 hrs... Rt?? But with the latest phone Arrows A301F designed by a Japan's Softbank company, it will just take 10 mins to completely charge up your phone.So, Now Every user can use h...
Fastest way to charge up your Phone How much time does it take to charge your phone?? 1 hr or' else minimum of 2 hrs... Rt?? But with the latest phone Arrows A301F designed by a Japan's Softbank company, it will just take 10 mins to completely charge up your phone.So, Now Every user can use h...
Battery Backups 1.Sony Has launched a Portable Mobile Charger Sony CP-ELSR 2000 mAh . This has charging capacity of up to 6 hrs. You can charge your mobile with the support of USB 2. Cooler Master can Charge your battery witha stylus Touch pen. This works with LED indicato...
LEFT Function This function displays a specified number of characters from the left hand side of a given word. Syntax: =LEFT(OriginalText,NumberOfCharactersRequired) Example:
LCM Function This Function calculates the Least Common Multiple of Given Numbers. LCM is nothing but the Least number which can be divided with the given numbers. Syntax: =LCM(Number1,Number2,Number3... through to Number29) Example:
Large function This function Recognizes the List of Values and picks up a value according to the user specified position of the values arranged in the Decreasing order. Syntax: =LARGE(List Of Numbers To Examine, Position To Pick From) Example:
The Seed A successful business man was growing old and Knew it was time to choose a successor to take over the business. Instead of choosing one of his Directors or his children, He decided to do something different. He called all the young Executives in his company...
INT This function rounds the number to its nearest Whole Number. Syntax: =INT(num) Example: The Table has some Numbers, and In the right column find the results of the INT function for the adjacent numbers
Instant chart You can create a Quick Chart in the Excel, without using the Chart Button in the Insert tab on the Toolbar by pressing the function key F11 by placing the cursor inside the range of data. Now Just Place the cursor anywhere inside the Table range and Press F...
IRCTC app for Windows Phone Are you using a Windows Smart phone, then there is an excellent option for you. Recently IRCTC with Microsoft have released an official app of IRCTC. Now you can Download IRCTC app from the Marketplace/Microsoft Store. Plan your trip option can be used for ...
IRCTC app for Windows Phone Are you using a Windows Smart phone, then there is an excellent option for you. Recently IRCTC with Microsoft have released an official app of IRCTC. Now you can Download IRCTC app from the Marketplace/Microsoft Store. Plan your trip option can be used for ...
Computer Shortcuts While you are working in multiple windows on your system, these shortcuts may be very helpful. Here are some of them which can be learnt in a short while. 1. If you would like to jump to Desktop all of a sudden while you have opened so many windows. Instead...
Technology Updates Till Now you may have seen many sites on Live TV. But, now for the Tech lovers, there's a Good news. Just Go to www.twit.tv site where you can view the latest live updates on Technology and Even you can watch the Technology shows that took place all over th...
Sports Channel If you would like to View the Archive videos of your interested sports like cricket, Football, Tennis....Etc Just visit the Channel "Sports" in Youtube.
How To Download Youtube Videos In Mozilla Firefox: Here is the Detail Step wise Procedure illustrated for downloading videos from youtube into your system. Step 1: Search for latest Mozilla Firefox Browser and Install it into your system. Step 2: After Installing, Go to Firefox icon on t...
Pocket Printer There's a Fancy Smart Phone in your Shirt Pocket. Now you can even have a Printer in your pant Pocket. There is a Portable printer released into market by LG. Using this PD233 Pocket Photo Printer , one can print the photos directly from the mobile device i...
Pay Your Bills Online https://www.paytm.com Mobile, DTH, Data cards.. Whatever it may be. Now you can pay your bills online through this service. Post paid or Landline Bills, can also be paid using this site. For Booking Bus Tickets there is a separate Tab.
Invitations Any Function, celebration to which you would like send invitations to your friends or Relatives, then visit www.360invite.com and use the simple service for sending the invitations.you can also set the reminders to send the messages. Recharge your mobile by...
Learn English Would you like to Know a meaning of a certain word? ? Have Some Doubts in Grammar, Have to find Antonyms,synonyms??? instantly by online. Here are some of the sources which will serve the purpose. www.thefreedictionary.com This is an English Online Diction...
English Would you like to Know a meaning of a certain word? ? Have Some Doubts in Grammar, Have to find Antonyms,synonyms??? instantly by online. Here are some of the sources which will serve the purpose. www.thefreedictionary.com This is an English Online Dictio...
How Stuff Works Watch Some of the Interesting Videos here Wagon Tippler: Which is used in the Material Handling System Post Tensed Concrete Slab Building of Empire State Building
How to Design a Template in Powerpoint PowerPoint comes with a set of Templates and Themes. In fact, One can design a custom one with the following steps in an easy manner. Step 1: Open a Blank Presentation Step 2: Switch to Slide Master View, go to View Tab at the top and Select the Slide Mast...
Facts about Construction Productivity Following are the Few Facts about construction productivity studied by Adrian (1990) Tuesday is the most Productive day of the week. Friday is the least Productive day of the week, in India it is Sunday. 10 A.M is the Most Productive time in a day. The Leas...
Labor Productivity Productivity in General expresses the relation between inputs and Outputs. Labor is the basic requirement in the construction industry. Labor Productivity usually relates manpower in terms of labor cost incurred on the Project.So, Productivity has a signifi...
IF This function tests a condition / Logic If the condition is met it is considered to be TRUE.If the condition is not met it is considered ...
Hlookup This function scans across the column headings at the top of a table to find a specified item.When the item is found, it then scans down ...
Frequency This function compares a range of data against a list of intervals.The result shows how many items in the range of data fall between the ...
EOMONTH This function will show the last day of the month which is a specified number of months before or after a given date. Syntax: =EOMONTH(S...
DMAX This function examines a list of information and produces the largest value from a specified column. Syntax: &#39;=DMAX(DatabaseRange,Fi...
DAY This function extracts the day of the month from a complete date. Syntax: =DAY(value) Example:
DAVERAGE This Function is used to find the average of a particular item chosen from a particular criteria This is a combination of IF and Average ...
DATEDIF This function calculates the difference between two dates. It can show the result in weeks, months or years. Syntax: =DATEDIF(FirstDat...
DATE This function creates a real date by using three normal numbers typed into separate cells. Syntax: =DATE(year,month,day) Example: ...
COUNTIF This function counts the number of items which match criteria set by the user. Syntax =COUNTIF(RangeOfThingsToBeCounted,CriteriaToBeMatc...
FISHBONE FORMAT Fish bone Format is used to highlight the cause and effect Analysis in a Single Page. It was Devised by Professor Kaoru Ishikawa , a pi...
COUNTBLANK This function counts the number of blank cells in a range. Syntax: =COUNTBLANK(RangeToTest) Example:
COUNTA This function counts the number of numeric or text entries in a list.It will ignore blanks. Syntax: =COUNTA(Range1,Range2,Range3... thro...
COUNT This function counts the number of numeric entries in a list.It will ignore blanks, text and errors. Syntax: =COUNT(Range1,Range2,Range3...
CORRELATE This function examines two sets of data to determine the degree of relationship between the two sets.The result will be a decimal between ...
CONVERT This function converts a value measure in one type of unit, to the same value expressed in a different type of unit, such as Inches to Ce...
