Sony today added the unlocked Xperia Z1, unlocked Xperia Z Ultra and SmartWatch 2 to its U.S. online store, giving consumers an easy way to purchase its latest hardware. Are you thinking about picking up any of these Sony devices now that they're readily available in the U.S.?
Android 4.2 paired with notebook-style software Laptop maker Lenovo has announced its first Android-powered notebook, the Lenovo A10. With a 10-inch, 1366x768-resolution screen, a Rockchip 1.6GHz quad-core processor with 2GB of RAM, and runs Android 4.2 Jelly Bean. Battery life, the manufacturer...
Interesting concept, but i cant seem to find the app in the play store....
Sony today added the unlocked Xperia Z1, unlocked Xperia Z Ultra and SmartWatch 2 to its U.S. online store, giving consumers an easy way to purchase its latest hardware. Are you thinking about picking up any of these Sony devices now that they're readily available in the U.S.?
If Apple are willing to fire you for using a competitor's product rather than trying to incentivise you to use their own through improving it then they're not worth working for.
+ Liang Sim the camera you've been waitjng for...?
Chocolate Pumpkin Cheesecake And coffee!! From Fine Cooking Magazine #125/October/November issue. It's a good one. Didn't turn out quite as pretty as the magazine issue due to the fact I used fresh pumpkin. Still tasted amazing, definitely on the I'd make this one again list. Cake for breakfast, indeed!!! #cheesecake #pumpkin #chocolate
Hopefully to all network operators by the end of this year!
Finally!!! I've been waiting for this forever...
Yeah! I see you on my google locations maps in Kwoloon all the time. Just in China for work now is all...
Looking for an entry-level tablet with added Japanese cartoon feline? Samsung has you covered with the the new Galaxy Tab 3 7.0 Hello Kitty edition. Plastered front and back with Kitty's image — yes, the home button is now a Hello Kitty button — the device is otherwise identical to the Wifi-only...
How to properly exit a vehicle. As you're turning your body to exit, immediately cross your legs tight and lift yourself up using your upper body. That way you won't flash everyone as you're getting out lol ... unless you don't care that is :p
Makes me wonder if I should be buying a proper espresso machine again + Andrew Cutler , + Greenie Tsoi ... ;)
Awesome BBQ! Felt like being in a totally different country.
Chocolate cake with a flavor of your choice with no flour Use what you can find in the refrigerator This is one of many ideas: For the cake - cake tin diameter 18 cm: 75 g dark chocolate 75 g dark chocolate 70% of cocoa 50g brown sugar 3 eggs pinch of salt 1. Separate the yolks from the whites. Mix the yolks with the sugar until the sugar has melted a little, but should not be whitish mixture (mixing can be avoided if you put powdered sugar, and you can chop and brown sugar into a powder in an electronic coffee grinder -or other). 2. Melt chocolate on steam, wait to cool a little, should not be hot. 3. Hot melted chocolate mixture slowly pour in the egg yolks and stir with a whisk all to connect. 4. Whites salt with a pinch of salt and whisk them into the maringue. 5. Carefully add the egg whites into the previous mixture of egg yolks and chocolate, stir carefully to connect and poured into a mold which we have previously oiled and covered with parchment paper and sprinkle with flour. 6. Bake at 180 C for 15 min, taking care not to burn, as soon as we pick with a toothpick in the middle and the biscuit is dry, the cake is finished! 7. Allow it to cool off, this type of cake is not transferable nor suitable for cutting. 8. Separate the mold from the ring and wrap it inside with a transparent plastic foil, return to the ring mold. Plastic foil will help us that the cream inside the ring does not stick to the mold when we take it off. Cream: 100 g dark chocolate 100 g dark chocolate 70% cocoa 1 tablespoon brandy or rum * 4 tablespoons chestnut marmalade 2 tablespoons orange marmalade 150 ml cream 25 ml of boiling water 1. Both types of chocolate melt on steam. Add cognac, chestnut marmalade and jam orange, 25 ml of boiling water, stir and leave to cool. 2. Cream mix into whipped cream. 3. Gently combine whipped cream with melted and cooled chocolate mixture, stir just enough to be united, we will get a mixture resembling foam. 4. Coat the cake with cream evenly. Store in the refrigerator. The white coat: 30 ml cream 3 tablespoons sour cream 2 tablespoons orange marmalade bitter cocoa powder to sprinkle! Cream mix in whipped cream, add sour cream and orange jam, all carefully mix and coat the cake, finally sprinkle on the cake. Put the cake in the refrigerator or in the freezer for a short time, to tighten the cream and still do not remove the ring because that the cake with cream wouldn't split! Final part: 100 g dark chocolate baking paper When cake is well cooled, first with a thin knife carefully separate the cake from the mold, otherwise everything could fall apart when you remove the ring mold with cake. Then carefully remove the cake from the mold, it should not be a problem considering that the mold is wrapped in foil. Of baking paper cut tape that will match the length of the diameter and height of the ring cake mold. Brush with melted chocolate, wait a few minutes to harden a bit, but it must still be dissolved. Wrap the tape around with chocolate cake and store in the refrigerator or freezer, in the freezer it squeezes earlier. Remove from the refrigerator and carefully remove strip from the cake. Voila! Notes: * jam chestnuts can be purchased in Italy in all stores, and is on the shelves where they stand jams. I suggest that you make the jam yourself asit is the begining of the chestnut season,: chestnuts cook until soft, peel, chop in a blender and add sugar or malt taste, the essence of vanilla beans and enough water to get the consistency of jam, and all boil a little,, save in sterilized jars. If you can't get any of those things, serve retail mashed chestnut which is available to everyone. If you do not like chestnuts, then replace the jam if desired with some other flavour. Enjoy:-) photo via: google
Fall means pecan harvest season, and Gena Knox, author of Fire & Flavor, knows best what to do with them — bake some Pecan Sandies! Click here for the recipe #FallRecipe #Food #Recipe
This is why we use google hangouts. Brings the family together on a weekly basis!
Thanks for the cuff links + Adelaide Sim and + Greenie Tsoi . Wonderful birthday present!
Yes, let us know when would work best for you guys and we'll work towards coming to visit when you're free. Nov30-Dec16. Btw Greenie picked up her Z1 yesterday.
+ Steven Sim , I'm sure you'd be interested to see how both + Keow Giak Sim and + Adelaide Sim are doing in this video.
It's hard to beleieve tha our little + Adelaide Sim takes up the entire king size bed! (…but she does) :p
Taken with Sony's new QX100. Can't wait to pick ours up on the 30th!
Google makes its Quickoffice app free for both Android and iOS users
#TBT Hugh, Robert Downey Jr, and Sting sharing some laughs.
Muffin Tin Quiche Recipe please visit this link for the ingredients and procedure -
+ Greenie Tsoi something to look to for inspiration? + Steven Sim perhaps you shoudl try out some of these pies if you're in the area on your taxi run!
We'll be back from November 30th till about 16th of December I think it is.
HK is finally seeing cleaner public transport. I think this will go a long way in cleaning up roadside emmisions over the medium term.
Adding Location from Desktop in Google+ I was searching for the answer to this and found this brilliant post from a while back. This method now seems to have stopped working. Was wondering if there was a new workaround? Thanks!
+ Greenie Tsoi apparently it's not unhealthy to experience the paralysis we have had during sleeping, but it's not that frequently occurring either, and could potential point towards diseases which degenerate the brain...
Ex-husbands saddled with lifetime alimony based on pre-recession salaries are headed to jail more frequently. | (Photo: Patrick T. Fallon/Bloomberg)
I'm not much of a HTC fan, but + Greenie Tsoi this might interest you? "HTC 將在 9 月 2 日推出 Butterfly s Hello Kitty 限量版，你聽到尖叫聲了嗎？"
Now THAT is innovation. Glad to see + Sony back in the game!
If Apple are willing to fire you for using a competitor's product rather than trying to incentivise you to use their own through improving it then they're not worth working for.
