Very interesting camera! "Sony Announces the A7 & A7R Full Frame Mirrorless Cameras"
Did you know I used to study #chemistry ? It is just so fun!
Are you getting married soon? Time to use technology to help you! "Apps helping couples organize their big day"
Very important information for the curious mind "Typhoon, Hurricane, Cyclone: What's the Difference?"
Very interesting camera! "Sony Announces the A7 & A7R Full Frame Mirrorless Cameras"
"Apple announces October 22nd iPad event: ‘We still have a lot to cover’"
A tremendously beautiful collection of pics from the 30s for #catlovers Para los amantes de los #gatos hermosas fotos
We all know it but Apple still takes forever and sells it more expensive... Donald Trump demands larger iPhone screen
Really nice picture of an animal that we normally only see in the water Cocodrilo! Alligator, Okefenokee Swamp
Largest typhoon in a decade veers toward coast of Japan | The Japan Times
Would you help us pray for the victims of this earthquake? 7.1 Magnitude Earthquake strikes Central Philippines -
Please help with prayers and donations Cyclone Relief Work - Odisha Cyclone Phailin - Gospel for Asia
If you go to a news site and read the headlines, it can get pretty depressing sometimes. There's a lot of negativity in there. But the only reason those negative stories are headlines, is because it isn't common for people to be completely evil to one another. We've only made it this far because we've realized we need each other! So leave the headlines and internet behind for awhile, hook up with your family, friends, neighbors and remember this right here:... "The colors of the rainbow, So pretty in the sky. Are also on the faces, Of people going by, I see friends shaking hands. Saying, "How do you do?" They're really saying, "I LOVE YOU". I hear babies cry, I watch them grow, They'll learn much more, Than I'll ever know. And I think to myself... What a wonderful world."See More
Awesome, play the most famous video game just in your browser You should try it out, seriously! Full Screen Mario
Interesting blog post by a Japanese looking critically at his culture 2020 Olympics and the Hidden Shame of Japan
Seriously, if you want privacy FB is not the right place to be. Now anyone can find you on Facebook | CNET News
The Nobel of chemistry! "U.S. trio wins chemistry Nobel for computer models | The Japan Times"
This may be one of the lost expensive cameras in history! Jony Ive and Marc Newson one-off Leica for (RED) auction
"Red Panda Picture -- Animal Photo -- National Geographic Photo of the Day"
Bad please don't fall in this trap "Latest obsession of American teens: the 'thigh gap' | The Japan Times"
See the ugliest fish of the world! El pez borrón, el animal más feo del mundo –
Finally... in case some day I have one of these :p Redesigned $100 bill security | Security & Privacy - CNET News
Seems like the iPhone 5S has a nice camera! iPhone 5S' camera praised by National Geographic photog Apple - CNET News
The new Mac OS is almost here Mavericks hits GM, Apple begins seeding builds of OS X 10.9.1 and 10.10 ‘Syrah’
Very nice example of interreligious solidarity in Pakistan! Human chain formed to protect Christians during mass
A nice camera for those who want to jump to the full-frame world! Nikon D610 Just Announced!
The Nobel of physics is here! Higgs boson of course 2 physicists awarded Nobel for Higgs boson Theory- CNET News
Great video, for the curious mind ▶ Do Fetuses Poop? - YouTube
Excellent post and pictures on #panning "Guest post: In Motion – The Art of Drifting"
What Japanese students do in the classroom "Japanese Classrooms"
I just had a first experience solving #sudoku My prof. thought it was a good exercise to give us a hard level puzzle. After more than 3 hours it was not funny anymore :-P
One amusing post from one of the few blogs I check almost on a daily basis. "Wherever I May Roam" #ShootTokyo
