Sony STR-DA5800ES Wins EISA Award 2013-2014. I have a write up on this receiver coming soon. This is a very impressive piece of kit... with some minor faults.
Sony STR-DA5800ES Wins EISA Award 2013-2014. I have a write up on this receiver coming soon. This is a very impressive piece of kit... with some minor faults.
Along with Sony's new Home ES gear, they have a portable Head-AMP coming for Hi-Res Audio...
Wow! Count me out... staying with the volt.
WT??? Good luck selling that... just lost my business.
+ Ruslan Khalikov I have not personally heard them yet. From what I have read they sound excellent. I will hopefully audition one soon and share my thoughts. Build quality is also said to be excellent. I am just glad Sony is still investing in ES quality gear...
Sony has a new ES amplifier coming. The Sony TA-A1ES amplifier (2x80w) Top quality designed dual mono to work with their new Hi-Res player (HAP-Z1ES).
+ The Sound Apprentice Yes, and very tempting! Gotta save up from my paper route for this one.....
And it begins.... 6 month waiting list of of today.
Wow! Now that is smog... deadly in time.
My new... old Sony ES Integrated AMP . Just got this, and it is in great shape. Going to do a full recap of this AMP in the next month or so. This AMP sounds good and I am sure it will sing after a recap. Never owned a AMP from this ES vintage (1984-1986) so I am interested to see how it compares to the other ES vintages. It has a black face and not the brown/black face which surprised me...
Automobile magazine reporting the Cadillac ELR will base at $65,000. Seems a bit steep to me... thats Tesla territory. Officially rated at 35 mile electric range.
Sony TC-K666ES. Sony's only ES tape deck with independent direct drive motors for both reels. Makes for extremely fast searching and fast forward / rewind. It does not include the latest Dolby S, but other than that... it is top notch! All metal design... sans wood sides.
Electricity and the germans... unlike peanut butter and jelly, they do not go well together.
Joe, I am totally with you regarding taste. I suspect that if you are over 40, then you are probably more of a "classic" guy. I have restored a few classic cars over the years and find their design style timeless compared to much of the newer stuff. One of the reasons I love the volt is the design. Clean cars do not need to look like turds... the BMW in this article is okay, but I wouldn't call it handsome.
I am a bit concerned about the public charging situation. Tonight for the third time I witnessed a Leaf owner pulling up and removing a charging plug from another vehicle and plugging it into their vehicle. I am just so amazed that someone thinks this is okay. In two of the cases the charger were being paid for, and now they are charging a Leaf. I would be very upset if I came down and someone did this to me....
+ Brian Ro Yes, most of the ones I have seen stop charging on unplug, like Chargepoint or Blink. The place I was at tonight has a free charger and a paid charger by credit card. In either case if you are unplugged the charging company still charges you for the full hour. So at the least you are loosing money, and at the worst someone is stealing. Tonight the Leaf stole from a Ford Electric Focus. But the previous two times the Leaf owner stole from a Volt. I understand the Leaf has limited range, but it's really no excuse... IMHO.
Well, my wife works for Superior Court. We have talked about this before and it is not illegal for an ICE vehicle to park in an EV parking spot. The police really cannot do anything about it. It is a courtesy sign only. Until the codes are changed and then enforced this problem will continue to grow.
Thanks for the comment Joe.
The Chevy Volt in dollars and cents...
I have decided to blog about my experience with the Chevy Volt. Follow me if you like... I will be posting once a week.
Intel's new Visual Bios on the latest and final Haswell desktop boards.
Yes I did. Trying something new...
Pretty good. Quick, but not fast like the TT. Had it 4 days and have not used a drop of gas.
Thanks! I wish I could take some credit for that. LOL! The hot dog stand kinda messes up the picture of the car.... :-P
+ Edmund Aycock HI, thanks! Yes, I do like the new ride... :-). I have not yet looked into a L2 EVSE. I am making sure that this car is for me. One step at a time. :-P
LeMans racing is this weekend... Although I prefer team corvette, you can't argue that the Viper has come to play. An 8.3-liter V10 putting down 680 horsepower and 640 lb-ft of torque.
One mans trash, is another mans treasure...
Sharing some Vintage Sony ES gear which I use in my headphone listening station. My amp is the very rare Sony STR-GX10ES receiver and I use a Sony CDP-X55ES as my primary music source. My speakers of choice are Sony APM-33W flat honeycomb speakers. I have a mix of headphones, but my favorites are the AKG-701 and Audio Technica a700x.No dedicated headphone amp yet. Been looking, but seems to be a tough decision.
Sony ES HomeShare rack installation is complete. Whole house audio/video distribution system. Sources are: Sony STR-DA4400ES receiver (AM/FM/SIRIUS), Sony BDP-S5000ES Blu-Ray/DVD/CD player, Directv HD Satellite Receiver, Apple TV (hidden behind rack for "Airplay"), Apple iPod & Zune docks. Got questions on how to do this, let me know...
Thanks! So this is part of my home distribution system. This system delivers audio and video to all the rooms in the house over CAT5E ethernet. I mainly use this system for watching TV or movies and listening to music in the bedrooms, office, and kitchen. So this system is connected to in ceiling speakers (a mix of Monitor Audio and Sony). In my Living room and Family room I have dedicated AV systems (also Sony ES) for better quality entertainment with dedicated speakers (Monitor Audio RX8 & Sony SS-M3 & Sony APM-33W). I will post pictures. ;-)
Oh, I forgot to mention the Boston Acoustic speakers in the family room. You can see the surrounds on the wall in one of the picture I posted.
The one thing I love about my new Sony ES receiver is the flexibility of HDMI inputs! (8 in total) The new Sony STR-DA5800ES receiver.
This fall owners of Sony STR-DA2800ES and 5800ES receivers will enjoy new high-resolution playback capabilities, thanks to a firmware update that provides access to high-resolution files through the USB input.
