Not as exciting and value add as Thermostat. Glorified imho
Sony Xperia Z1 launches on Bell, TELUS and Rogers, and is available unlocked from the Sony Store
As of today, my employer started offering Guest Wireless to employees across several buildings in which we have offices. Starting today, my building now has Guest Wireless. It's kind of like having the Starbucks wireless, but with some restrictions (no youtube, and other blocked sites like gmail, yahoomail, outlook.com , etc.). Finally, I can start bringing my laptop to work, VPN into the network through Guest Wireless, then CITRIX into a virtual desktop which gives me the a similar but more stable experience than using my company issued Lenovo T410 (garbage piece of machinery). #ThankYou
I am sorry + Scotty Brown , I will stop complaining about the Lenovo...
True...why even come to work...just stay home and chill...
PSA: Windows 8.1 now available for some Windows 8 users If you're running Windows 8 right now, chances are you'll be able to download Service Pack 1 the free update to Windows 8.1. All you have to do is visit the Microsoft Store or click here for the full tutorial and install link: Please note: If you installed Windows 8 from an MSDN subscription or are a Windows 8 Enterprise user you can't simply install the update, you might need to format! More info here:
It is + AndroidTO day today. Have fun, learn lots, build connections with smart and creative people.
Sony Xperia Z1 launches on Bell, TELUS and Rogers, and is available unlocked from the Sony Store
Hopefully it gets an update to 4.3 or better yet, 4.4!
Crazy dream I had, that I quit my day job and joined a really small yet impactful company building an entirely innovative web product, in the role of Product Architect. Then I realized that I sort of am doing exactly that, except within a larger organisation.
Cool Brewery has these mini kegs for $16 CAD.
If you are ever in town, let me know, and we can grab a few pints at craft brewers in downtown.
Can't this Thursday bro.....have a comittment already for our new house....
Nexus 5 Pricing Leaks Out; $299 for 16GB and 2,300 mAh or $399 for 32GB and 3,000 mAh Battery | #android #nexus5 #nexuspricing
Who needs an sdcard these days? ;)
Cloud that sh*t...unless you refer to apps2sd, then I'll stfu.
Introducing the HP Chromebook 11, designed and built in partnership with our friends at + HP . It has all the speed, simplicity and security benefits you've come to expect from a Chromebook, with unique design elements that makes it easier to get stuff done. And all for $279. Look for it starting today in the US at + Best Buy , + Amazon.com and + Google Play and in the UK at Currys, PC World and more. It will also be coming to other countries in time for the holidays. Find out more on the Chrome blog: #chromebook #foreveryone
LG is BACK NOW in the Battle Ground with its latest TABLET:- #LG #GPad 8.3 CHECK out more at:-
Russell, you are 100% correct. I am purely basing this off three things: Overall look of the device (minus the hardware buttons), the wallpaper, and the weather widget. And my overall experience with LG made devices (minus Nexus 4, which I have never used). Somewhere in there is a bit of the disgust I have with Samsung and LG overall as brands / oem's and their ability to update their devices.
You are right, I do not know what the back looks like. However, the back isn't what I would be interacting with on a regular basis. Not disagreeing with you though. Based on what I see in this picture, I see many similarities between the two manufacturers. Judging the device on wallpaper and widget, while isn't the right thing, in this picture that is all I can see and my first instinct and reaction was it looks more like a Samsung product, with an LG logo. That's all. I guess this is why I look forward to people like you doing an in-depth review of devices based on other important criterias such as the specs and what not.
+ Russell Holly I did look at the pictures, but the one shot which shows the back, shows just the camera. That doesn't tell me overall what the back looks like. But irrespective of what the back looks like, the fact that I am much less interacting with the back of the tablet, makes it a moot point for me to care about what the back looks like or is made of. My initial opinion stays firm, and I hope to see/read your in-depth review of the specs and your hands-on usage of the tablet.
I am convinced that the KitKat contest going on is entirely controlled through a random selection of entering the same damn sku over and over again. Lastly, I need to stop consuming so much KitKat, three in one week, last week. #silly
Hence I am convinced that it is entirely software controlled.
Fight the dark side of Lean UX with the Experience Canvas We’ve all been there. Those times where we realise that we’ve been sitting around arguing for hours over the small stuff, because we’ve forgotten about the bigger, more important stuff. Or to bring it into the realm of digital products: whether that interface should still have an accordion menu or should we change it to a set of tabs. But we’ve already shipped, and customers are used to it being this way! We can’t it change now… can we? Wouldn’t it be nice if we had something that helped us steer away from these arguments while there was still time? Click the link to keep reading...
Awesome! Here are the new places where smoking is banned: - public building entrances and exits; - outdoor sports fields and parks amenities; - swimming beaches; - public squares; - bar and restaurant patios; - and hospital grounds.
Here are some apps to make your Android look and feel like Apple's new iOS 7...
I suppose, it is still a silly thing to do.
Dumbest thing ever!
Want to make your Google account safer? 2-step verification adds an extra layer of security by protecting your Google account with both your password and your phone. Keep the bad guys out—even if they steal your password. #staysafe
Rdio is bringing free Internet radio to Canada. Do you use Rdio or one of its competitors, such as Spotify or Pandora? #rdio #spotify #pandora
Someone at work created an Excel spreadsheet, which allows the user to fill in a bunch of information then press "Generate Documents". This results in a bunch of printable documents being generated by Excel. This is when I come to the sad realization that people are resourceful and find unique ways to use a piece of technology to meet their needs. Sometimes this is a good thing, most of the time it isn't the right way to solve the root problem.
My dad wants to buy a new TV, a new Smart TV, I must add. The only reason for that is so he can watch Cricket online through the TV. My proposition to him, I'll set you up with the spare Chromecast I have and you don't need to spend $500+ for a new Smart TV.
Setup Chromecast for him this weekend, and so far he likes it. The sad part is that his internet connectivity is "lite" and so there is a noticeable delay. But nothing to do with Chromecast, ofcourse.
+ Priyank Patel yes used chrome tab casting and I got the chromecast shipped to a friend in the US who brought it over for me.
Recommended by + Marques Brownlee , can't wait to try these bad boys out.
So far so good...had them on while wife was watching Criminal Minds and I couldn't hear a peep from outside...just my music....﻿more testing to resume tomorrow
They aren't available in Canada, atleast werent when I ordered them a few weeks ago. I ordered them from amazon.com and had them shipped to a friend in US.
If you are a hardware / cellular / network experts, you may be able to help me answer a question on behalf of an acquaintance. If there is a product being made which needs to incorporate the ability to send a signal or message to a nearest monitoring centre, what technology exists out there which could be incorporate into this product, to achieve this? My thinking is that the product can incorporate a wireless radio, which works off GSM/HSPA/LTE. But are there other technologies which exist and can be used? Thanks!
+ Ru Selvadurai would you be interested in providing guidance / advise to these group of folks who are creating a product as part of their MBA project? Their idea is really neat and I feel that you would be the best person to give them strategic guidance. Let me know, and I'll get you guys introduced through email. Much appreciated BTW, we are way overdue for a round of beers, after + Pearl Chen is back from #BigAndroidBBQ
At the press event, Google promised that other services would eventually support Chromecast, so trusting users went ahead and purchased the device. Then they waited. And waited. Roughly two months have gone by now, and they're still waiting. 1). Yes, the lack of Chromecast apps to this point is annoying. 2). If the API isn't ready, it's not ready. Certainly I'm much happier that Chromecast shipped when it did rather than it being delayed until the API was ready. 3). In the scheme of things, two months really isn't a long time. Get a grip people
Found these bad boys at + PetroCanada gas station near my house. 2/$1
Go to a gas station and get some....
So it seems these all have the same UPC code....
Lesson learned don't buy unless you check and make sure the UPC codes are different....
7. NO PURCHASE NECESSARY: Purchase is not required and does not enhance a person’s chance of winning. To obtain your free UPC code without purchase, provide in writing, your name, full address, city, province, postal code, day time phone number (with area code), date of birth and email address (Email is Optional) and mail to: “Android Kit Kat Contest - Free To Enter UPC Request” P.O. Box 172 STN. A, Etobicoke, Ontario M9C 4V2. No purchase necessary UPC requests must be received by November 30, 2013 in order to receive your UPC code in time to participate in the Contest. Upon receipt, the Contest Administrator will send the Contestant one (1) UPC Code (product not included), enabling the Contestant to go online and participate in the Contest. See Rule 2 for more details on How to Enter. One (1) valid UPC code will be returned to you and you will have until December 31, 2013 at 11:59:59 PM ET to participate in the Contest, after which time the Contest will no longer be available. Limit of one (1) request for UPC code per envelope, while supplies last. Entries mechanically reproduced or made in any fashion other than as specified herein are void. CONDITIONS OF ENTRY:
NASA plans on sending a 3D printer to the International Space Station to print out any needed parts for the station. Welcome to the future.
Michael I am in your neck of the woods and checked the longo's on Dundas and no dice...
I don't collect them but want to experience KitKat 4.4 sweetness
I stand corrected
Post updated﻿. Don't have a bike, will look towards getting one in the spring.
My Android 4.4 wishlist (part 2): Address the back button. When I first switched to Android, I loved the back button. I thought it was highly intuitive, and one the strengths of the system. But over time I’ve done a complete 180. My reason is simple: I can never tell with 100% accuracy what pressing that button will do. Increasingly, that 1 in 20 time when I get taken somewhere unexpected really pisses me off. The recent introduction of the hamburger button for sliding navigation menus has made things a little better in this regard, but I feel there’s still a long way to go. Some particular beefs I have with the back button are: 1). I can’t tell at a glance whether pressing that button will dismiss some UI of the current app, take back up the app’s screen stack, kick me out of the current app or possibly something else entirely. 2). The back button requires that users keep a mental stack in their heads. The main time this causes issue for me is when I put the device down and pick it up again later - it can be tough to recall what I was up to previously, and in those cases I don’t know what pressing the button will do. 3). Since the Up button was introduced in Android 3.0, there are now two buttons that take you back. Sometimes they go to the same place, sometimes they don’t. I personally question whether a muggle can ever fully reconcile with having two buttons that take you back, but in subtly different ways. 4). The very first time the back button is displayed to a user on the default system launcher, the button is clickable, but doing so results in no action. That’s right - the very first impression of this button teaches the user they have to make a mental note that 'pressing that does nothing here' . Right from the start, users have to start making special case rules for what the back button does depending on where they are in the system. This is bad. 5). 3rd party apps have no control over the appearance or visibility of the back button. I think the software navigation keys introduced in Android 3.0 provide a good opportunity to fix at least some of the underlying issues with the back button. Certainly points 1, 3, 4 and 5 could be addressed to varying degrees by modifying the appearance of the back button at runtime. Possible solutions here: 1). Add new APIs so that apps can give a hint to the system as to whether they will handle a back button press in a custom way or not. Once these APIs are in place, the appearance of the back button can be modified to give users a hint as to what pressing it will do. 2). Change the appearance of the back button somehow based on whether pressing back will take you out of the current app or not. 3). If pressing Up and Back will take you to the same place, change the appearance of the back button to match the Up button’s < appearance. 4). Allow certain apps to hide the back button (even if this is limited to launchers set as the default). When pressing a button has no function, it shouldn’t be displayed. 5). Beg, plead and offer the kingdom to Samsung to get them to ditch their Android 2.x hardware navigation keys and embrace the software navigation buttons. Once Samsung change, most OEMs will likely follow suit. Given the paltry number percentage of the billion+ Android devices that use software navigation keys, it’s likely too late to fix the problem for the majority of these devices. Arguably it’s too late for most of the next 200+ million devices to be sold also. But there may still be hope to improve the situation for the billion+ devices after that.
I'm so addicted to finding news on .. an awesome Google News aggregator and visualizer. Really cool way to slice and dice headlines by topic, region and recency. I find I'm brought more up to date glancing around this for a minute or two than I am with any other news interface. Really cool.
Too many "like" in that conversation, lady on the GO Train....
Wanna try Glass? Damn right you do. Just kidding... but seriously if you do want to, we’re going to start bringing Glass to cities across the US so you can give it a spin. You’ll be able to try on Glass, ask questions and chat with the Glass team in person. We’re kicking off in Durham, NC, on October 5th and we’ll be on the road, heading to other cities after that. Stay tuned here on G+ and we’ll let you know where we’re going next. If you’re interested in attending our first event in Durham, then please RSVP here:
Would love to get some + Google Glass love, sadly don't know anyone who can hook it up... #sad
I am hoping my patience doesn't go in vain. To think I would miss capturing my year old growing up with an awesome first hand view, would not be a satisfying experience.
OpenElec all set on RPi. Now just need to get a wifi adapter and let it roll...
Good on the CRTC! #Canada
Martin, while it may not apply tog you, it might be of importance to others who do not have means to unlock phones themselves.
All carriers will charge to unlock because the wireless code doesn't say they don't have to
Hopefully it gets an update to 4.3 or better yet, 4.4!
