Sony Xperia Z Ultra LTE hit Malaysia shore on October 17 I am robert+ Xperia Z Ultra LTE review Source: sony.com.my Lowyat seem have released the launching date on October 17 as you can see here Lowyat . However, Lowyat did not tell you what this phone capable of doing. Besides, all of the features are well expl...
Sony Xperia Z Ultra LTE hit Malaysia shore on October 17 I am robert+ Xperia Z Ultra LTE review Source: sony.com.my Lowyat seem have released the launching date on October 17 as you can see here Lowyat . However, Lowyat did not tell you what this phone capable of doing. Besides, all of the features are well expl...
Celcom users are enjoying movies at Escnow I am robert+ Do you want to watch your favourite movies and TV series on your tablet or smartphone? You are a few clicks away from watching them. It is a great service right? Before you read through Escnow is meant for Celcom subscriber and you will need Ce...
Pay Digi Prepaid Internet using online customer service OCS I am robert+ As online payment growing rapidly, Digi telecommunication company took initiative to improve Digi consumer overall satisfaction by introduction Digi online payment. One can pay your monthly bill using RHB or Maybank2u account. How to reload Dig...
Jump Break is summary post in Blogger I am robert+ Have you seen a post summary with thumbnail? It does looked professional and amazing. I wonder how we can do that in here. Fortunately, I found it. We will try Jump Break feature. What is Jump Break feature? How To by Social Kingdom Jump Break ...
5 health benefits for chocolate lover I am robert+ Source : marthasbookshelf.blogspot Social Kingdom like Cadbury Chocolate. It have a fine purple package. I don know whether the attraction is one the package or chocolate inside it. I have feeling it a great combination. Chocolate and a purple...
US government shut down and what it consequences I am robert+ Source: hugethoughts.com It really a surprised experiencing government shut down. Social Kingdom never heard of any government shutdown for the past 10 years. All I can say it was a huge news for us non-US resident. It is the largest economy an...
** I am robert+ Gatsby.com.my For all of you information, Gatsby is hair wax brand name under a company named as Mandom corporation. It specialised in Men Cosmetic Haircare products. It has been established since 1927 at Japan Check Gatsby competition on his ...
ChurpChurp Vs 8share Malaysia for Social Media Users I am robert+ ChurpChurp.com ChurpChurp and 8share are in the same business model. I often think which one is the best for both of them. It just my own opinion and will be based on facts. I could foresee many will ask this question in ahead of time. Which on...
It is good to use Nofollow command on links I am robert+ Social Kingdom have been annoyed on this No-follow ever since it introduced by Google. For a long period of reading articles, I have learnt it and implemented it. It really simple. There were 4 steps to memorized. Before that, let us ponder why...
Igloo - A Malaysia made mobile app benefiting advertiser and User I am robert+ It an applicati on showing advertisement on your mobile and you will be rewarded for your viewing effort. Social Kingdom experience on Igloo mobile app was that it really need some engineering creativity. What I am saying is it looked cheap. A...
A revolutionary Gaming platform Garena I am robert+ Play your favourite Warcraft maps, Dota, League of Legends, HoN, at one platform. Garena!! Social Kingdom experiences on Garena It all started on year 2004. Social Kingdom stepped into gaming addict journey. I remembered that was only form one....
How to know your samsung phone is real or counterfeit I am robert+ I have a Samsung SIII mini but do not know it counterfeit or real. I bought it at a shopping complex. It seem real. Social K...
Social Kingdom Top Earning websites Keep you updated and informed on legitimate and established websites which you can get some side income. I will expose websites that supp...
Likesasap - reviews and daily updates I will update my daily activities on Likesasap. Keep you updated on everything!.. 21/09/2013 As above pictures
Shadow Gun Dead Zone - An addictive great FPS I am robert+ Source: Madfingergame.com Social Kingdom has played this game up until level 11. A free-to-play first-person shooting games....
ChurpChurp - Share advertisements and get reward for efforts churpchurp Malaysia Fancy sharing large company advertisements on social network site such as Facebook, Twitter, Tumblr? This provide s...
first social networking site before Facebook and Myspace do you know?
See this if you are malaysian
