Sony Alpha A7r preview! Full-frame mirrorless! Today Sony unveiled not one, but two full-frame mirrorless cameras, the Alpha A7 and A7r. Billed as the World's smallest and lightest full-frame mirrorless cameras, they're externally identical with weather-proof bodies, OLED viewfinders and tilting screens. The only difference between them are their sensors with the A7 sporting a 24 Megapixel chip with embedded phase detect AF and the A7r boasting a 36 Megapixel version without the low pass filter, but contrast-only AF. I've rounded-up the rest of the specifications on the bodies and the five new full-frame E-mount lenses in my Sony Alpha A7r preview at the link below, but for now note the A7 and A7r should be available in December at body-only prices of $1700 and $2300 respectively. My preview is currently quite short, but it'll be growing very soon as later today I'll have a chance to play with the new cameras so I'll be adding my first impressions then! In the meantime, do the A7 and A7r represent the holy grail of mirrorless cameras? Are they the models you've been waiting for to finally make the switch from DSLR to mirrorless? Or are they a niche product which won't impact the sales of models with smaller sensors? I'd love to hear what you think!
Perspective What a brilliant example of perspective within photography - no Photoshop or anything of that nature, just two looks at the same scene. Love it.
Boo, you bush-firey weather...
More testing coming from the + The Camera Store guys.
So, from this review it looks like a very good upgrade from a NEX 5R/6/7 indeed.
Sony Alpha A7r preview! Full-frame mirrorless! Today Sony unveiled not one, but two full-frame mirrorless cameras, the Alpha A7 and A7r. Billed as the World's smallest and lightest full-frame mirrorless cameras, they're externally identical with weather-proof bodies, OLED viewfinders and tilting screens. The only difference between them are their sensors with the A7 sporting a 24 Megapixel chip with embedded phase detect AF and the A7r boasting a 36 Megapixel version without the low pass filter, but contrast-only AF. I've rounded-up the rest of the specifications on the bodies and the five new full-frame E-mount lenses in my Sony Alpha A7r preview at the link below, but for now note the A7 and A7r should be available in December at body-only prices of $1700 and $2300 respectively. My preview is currently quite short, but it'll be growing very soon as later today I'll have a chance to play with the new cameras so I'll be adding my first impressions then! In the meantime, do the A7 and A7r represent the holy grail of mirrorless cameras? Are they the models you've been waiting for to finally make the switch from DSLR to mirrorless? Or are they a niche product which won't impact the sales of models with smaller sensors? I'd love to hear what you think!
It's not a lot once you consider the opportunity costs of not getting the best shot of your kids, family, friends and your travel photos. And these cameras do good videos too.
Hah nice one.. enjoy your trip and stay safe.
Mind Blown. Space X video , love that there is a hexacopter drone involved
We keep hearing the same talking point from the Republicans responsible for the government shutdown: President Obama won’t compromise. Liberals wanted single-payer Medicare-for-all, but the president settled on a Republican plan instead, a plan Republicans supported until Obama got on board with it. Republicans didn’t like the public option, so he compromised by removing it. He compromised on abortion coverage. He compromised with the “Cornhusker Kickback” (which was later removed by the Senate). He compromised on Medicare drug price negotiation, and drug reimportation. He compromised by delaying the employer mandate. He compromised on the CLASS Act, and the 1099 requirements. Democrats asked Republicans 19 times, starting in April, for a conference to negotiate on the budget, and were told ‘no’ 19 times. For the budget, President Obama wanted one funding level, and the Republicans wanted a much lower level, so the president agreed to the Republican level. Not some middle-ground between the two proposals – he accepted their number. After getting literally everything they wanted, Republicans said ‘no’ to the deal anyway, deciding they wanted more. They demanded defunding of Obamacare, or they’ll blow up the country. Then they said, okay, instead of defunding it completely, just gut part of it – they call that a ‘compromise ’ because they would only get some, not all, of what they want in exchange for not destroying the country. Obama says no, you don’t get to demand something in return for not destroying the country. “Not destroying the country” should be sort of a baseline expectation, when you’re in Congress. And that, folks, is what Republicans call ‘refusing to compromise’.
How would a Daoist sage greet a Bodhisattva as they pass each other on the street?
This dad is awesome... man this is so funny! BatDad
Finally, this game is available early in Android.
Shenzhen / Guangzhou / Shanghai time lapse. I love the motion in this time lapse, and I wish I can figure out how to do it.
I, for one, is disappointed with the election results. People need to get clued-up with the policies of the parties they are voting for. We need someone who can drum-up the economy and the new PM isn't exactly a symbol of hope and optimism.
What I’ve Learned in The Trenches– MY 5 Step Guide to Street + Snapshot Photography A couple years ago, you may recall, during a month-long artist-in-residency at the Ace Hotel in NYC I took the opportunity to celebrate the snapshot — quintessential street photography — and I called the exhibit Dasein: Invitation to Hang. ['Dasein' is a German word used by philosophers to refer to raw human experience or the fundamental mode of "being there." I found that when applied to photography, the snapshot was the ultimate photographic expression of us simply, authentically being in the world / caught on film. ] The exhibit featured an ever-changing wall of snapshots, both my own and selections chosen from nearly 15,000 submissions across the globe. At the core of the work what I found was my own sense of street photography – regardless of whether it was on the street, on a train, or backstage with the band. Point being that street photograhy – the art of the snapshot if you will – is about the moment. It’s about choosing to take the photograph. It’s about mood, and –quite often–it is about talking to strangers. I was reflecting on that project this morning and wanted to share a bullet point list of things I learned that could be easily applied to anyone’s work. 1. The Law vs Respect. When it comes to street photography, there is the law, and then there is etiquette. The laws permit us to take pictures of anyone in a public space [for which thousands of paparazzi thank the gods every day], even taking pictures of private property from a public space is fair game. But let’s face it. Do you really want to be ‘that guy’? Etiquette is an entirely different matter. And note that while it’s ok to take the photo – USING or displaying the photo later is an entirely different manner protected by laws, permissions, likeness, etc. But that’s another post. 2. Discrete but not creepy. While some photographers live by the “If you see a good picture, you take it” rule. I do not because I’ve decided that my role in life is to evoke the messages and emotions and thoughts that I want to evoke – not to simply document. This isn’t for everyone, but here’s how it translates into my work… I am discrete but not creepy. I often connect with my subjects. Your style will vary. Aside from the rare times I shoot candidly, my general mode of being is two fold. I either (a) quietly and quickly snap the photo; or (b) I say “hey, can I take your picture?!” with the camera pressed to my face OR simply a wave to get someone’s attention with the camera snugged up to my face. I click the shutter when they look up. 3. It’s all about the aftermath. Nine times outta ten when using the above techniques, my snapshot subjects either don’t know I’ve shot a photo or don’t care. But here’s the critical point IMHO – if they do care, or even if they lock on to you, take proactive action. Introduce yourself and say thank you. It’s almost entirely about the interaction AFTER you shoot the photo. And this is where non experienced photographers blow it. Sure it takes vision to get the shot – no questions there. But in keeping the shot and keeping your integrity as an artist operating in a grey space…. It’s 10% being before 80% after…. People will either warm up or blow you off and it’s your job to read them. How do you get good at reading this? Experience. You will quickly be able to read if someone is aloof and doesn’t care that you’ve snapped their photo, or if you’ve ticked somebody off. Moreover, connecting with subjects after the fact is often an amazingly insightful part of the process. I’ve heard amazing stories, been inspired, been awakened, and felt more human after talking with unknown photo subjects on hundreds of occasions. 4. When things go south. Rarely, after engaging with someone in number 3 above, the unknowing subject will react negatively. In that case, cut your losses. I always prefer to be a good human than to be unpleasant. On just a handful of occasions in my entire career (I can think of 2 in this sitting…) has anyone asked me to delete a snapshot of them. In this case – despite it being my right to have ‘taken’ the photo (NOTE – ok to ‘take’ the photo in a public space but not ok to later USE or display the photo by law without proper permissions…), I have–during both those rare occasions–deleted it with a smile and a shrug as I showed it to them. 5. Some recommended don’ts… –I don’t photograph the homeless or downtrodden without their permission or even better only after a long conversation where it becomes clear that a photograph is on the up-and-up. –I don’t photograph young kids in the street that I don’t know without first connecting (eyes, nod, hand wave, etc) with their parent or guardian. Just don’t do it. Otherwise, you’re creepy. –Don’t try to use snapshots commercially. Ever. You will get caught and you will be breaking laws. –Don’t take your gigantic camera on the streets. It will wreck your chances at getting good imagery. If a Dslr is all you have, take a small, short lens and that’s it. Even better, consider being discrete with a point and shoot – or my favorite – the new mirrorless camera platforms. There are lots of reviews and stories about those here on my blog. Feel free to search for them. Above all, IMHO use common sense and common courtesy as your guide. Sure – get sneeky, get gangster, get ‘the shot’, but you can do it without being a nut job. Plenty of other photographers have done amazing projects in the streets that are in your face, against people’s will and without warrant. My suggestion? Leave that to somebody else and focus on the pictures that you want to make through respect and hard work. You’ll thank me later. [Here are some of my favorites from my NYC project --> . Got a street photography tale to share? Sound off below. Success stories and disasters both welcomed. Will try to get to any questions if you've got em.]
What I’ve Learned in The Trenches– MY 5 Step Guide to Street + Snapshot Photography A couple years ago, you may recall, during a month-long artist-in-residency at the Ace Hotel in NYC I took the opportunity to celebrate the snapshot — quintessential street photography — and I called the exhibit Dasein: Invitation to Hang. ['Dasein' is a German word used by philosophers to refer to raw human experience or the fundamental mode of "being there." I found that when applied to photography, the snapshot was the ultimate photographic expression of us simply, authentically being in the world / caught on film. ] The exhibit featured an ever-changing wall of snapshots, both my own and selections chosen from nearly 15,000 submissions across the globe. At the core of the work what I found was my own sense of street photography – regardless of whether it was on the street, on a train, or backstage with the band. Point being that street photograhy – the art of the snapshot if you will – is about the moment. It’s about choosing to take the photograph. It’s about mood, and –quite often–it is about talking to strangers. I was reflecting on that project this morning and wanted to share a bullet point list of things I learned that could be easily applied to anyone’s work. 1. The Law vs Respect. When it comes to street photography, there is the law, and then there is etiquette. The laws permit us to take pictures of anyone in a public space [for which thousands of paparazzi thank the gods every day], even taking pictures of private property from a public space is fair game. But let’s face it. Do you really want to be ‘that guy’? Etiquette is an entirely different matter. And note that while it’s ok to take the photo – USING or displaying the photo later is an entirely different manner protected by laws, permissions, likeness, etc. But that’s another post. 2. Discrete but not creepy. While some photographers live by the “If you see a good picture, you take it” rule. I do not because I’ve decided that my role in life is to evoke the messages and emotions and thoughts that I want to evoke – not to simply document. This isn’t for everyone, but here’s how it translates into my work… I am discrete but not creepy. I often connect with my subjects. Your style will vary. Aside from the rare times I shoot candidly, my general mode of being is two fold. I either (a) quietly and quickly snap the photo; or (b) I say “hey, can I take your picture?!” with the camera pressed to my face OR simply a wave to get someone’s attention with the camera snugged up to my face. I click the shutter when they look up. 3. It’s all about the aftermath. Nine times outta ten when using the above techniques, my snapshot subjects either don’t know I’ve shot a photo or don’t care. But here’s the critical point IMHO – if they do care, or even if they lock on to you, take proactive action. Introduce yourself and say thank you. It’s almost entirely about the interaction AFTER you shoot the photo. And this is where non experienced photographers blow it. Sure it takes vision to get the shot – no questions there. But in keeping the shot and keeping your integrity as an artist operating in a grey space…. It’s 10% being before 80% after…. People will either warm up or blow you off and it’s your job to read them. How do you get good at reading this? Experience. You will quickly be able to read if someone is aloof and doesn’t care that you’ve snapped their photo, or if you’ve ticked somebody off. Moreover, connecting with subjects after the fact is often an amazingly insightful part of the process. I’ve heard amazing stories, been inspired, been awakened, and felt more human after talking with unknown photo subjects on hundreds of occasions. 4. When things go south. Rarely, after engaging with someone in number 3 above, the unknowing subject will react negatively. In that case, cut your losses. I always prefer to be a good human than to be unpleasant. On just a handful of occasions in my entire career (I can think of 2 in this sitting…) has anyone asked me to delete a snapshot of them. In this case – despite it being my right to have ‘taken’ the photo (NOTE – ok to ‘take’ the photo in a public space but not ok to later USE or display the photo by law without proper permissions…), I have–during both those rare occasions–deleted it with a smile and a shrug as I showed it to them. 5. Some recommended don’ts… –I don’t photograph the homeless or downtrodden without their permission or even better only after a long conversation where it becomes clear that a photograph is on the up-and-up. –I don’t photograph young kids in the street that I don’t know without first connecting (eyes, nod, hand wave, etc) with their parent or guardian. Just don’t do it. Otherwise, you’re creepy. –Don’t try to use snapshots commercially. Ever. You will get caught and you will be breaking laws. –Don’t take your gigantic camera on the streets. It will wreck your chances at getting good imagery. If a Dslr is all you have, take a small, short lens and that’s it. Even better, consider being discrete with a point and shoot – or my favorite – the new mirrorless camera platforms. There are lots of reviews and stories about those here on my blog. Feel free to search for them. Above all, IMHO use common sense and common courtesy as your guide. Sure – get sneeky, get gangster, get ‘the shot’, but you can do it without being a nut job. Plenty of other photographers have done amazing projects in the streets that are in your face, against people’s will and without warrant. My suggestion? Leave that to somebody else and focus on the pictures that you want to make through respect and hard work. You’ll thank me later. [Here are some of my favorites from my NYC project --> . Got a street photography tale to share? Sound off below. Success stories and disasters both welcomed. Will try to get to any questions if you've got em.]
"At a whopping two-thirds of the cost of the vastly-superior FTTP NBN, the Coalition’s NBN stacks up as waste of money."
Sometimes it's easy to forget what's really important to us. QVB, Sydney.
THIS! => Watch what happened when we tried to sell Tony Abbott's broadband plan to the world.
That feeling when you don't get movie references in reddit.
A letter to Microsoft's board Now that Ballmer is leaving, this gives you a shot to really unleash Microsoft. Let's be honest, Microsoft is like that super smart kid who is doing drugs and not living up to its potential. That has to change. Here's what needs to be done: 1. Split Microsoft up. It has something like a dozen billion-dollar businesses. That's too much for one person to focus on. At least split it up into enterprise and consumer. Enterprise needs a far different leader than consumer does. Why? Because, as Larry Ellison said on Charlie Rose a week ago, enterprise sales cycles are hyper long. They won't switch to the newest hotness immediately, so you need someone who can crunch along the products and keep them relevant and interesting long term. Consumer tech, though, is far more faddish. Heck, back when I worked at Microsoft did I see the iPhone coming? No way. Apple had never built a phone. But when it did it pushed the market way ahead and did it with style. Something that Microsoft struggles with (except for the Xbox team, which is a hint -- you gotta get Microsoft into two pieces). 2. Get someone who loves the future. A CEO shouldn't just need to be a builder (someone like who Shervin Pishevar just suggested -- Andy Sacks, Hadi Partovi, Aaron Levie, Marissa Mayer, etc) but also needs to stand up in front of the world and get everyone to believe. Ballmer NEVER did that for me. ScottGu? Maybe. David Sacks? Yeah. Jack Dorsey? Yeah. But needs to be someone who understands contextual systems (mobile, local, social, sensors, wearables). At least for the consumer side of the fence. That's where the future is going (not just devices and services -- you guys have the tone ALL wrong there). 3. Integrate Microsoft R&D far deeper into the company. If I ran Microsoft I'd really rethink Microsoft's R&D. It still is too slow for the cool stuff to get out of R&D and into products. Needs to be faster. It might piss off a lot of people who think that Microsoft R&D is just like college where you get rewarded by writing papers, etc. That attitude needs to go, but needs to go under someone who LOVES the future. Lots of people there love building things, not just doing academic research. Rebuild a new kind of R&D around those people, particularly ones who get contextual systems (mobile, local, social, sensors, big data, wearables). 3. The consumer side of Microsoft needs to rebuild. Xbox One is not looking healthy. It's too expensive in a world where a family is going to have to decide to spend its $500 gadget budget on either a new tablet, a new phone, or a new gaming console. In too many homes the gaming console will lose this fall to the other choices. Unfortunately Microsoft's mobile program is in shambles with around 4% market share. I don't see what Microsoft can do about that at the moment. This CEO search will take months, and in those months Microsoft will continue falling behind and now employees are distracted by wondering who their new boss will be. You need to skate to where the puck will be in 2015 to 2020: services that can assist us, or be highly personalized, will be a big deal. Already are, really. I won't buy another device without Google Now on it. That shows you where you are weak: you don't know anything about me and can't build services to compete with Google Now (which is getting better and better everyday). Good luck, because down in Silicon Valley Google and Facebook are locked in a war over contextual systems (we used to call them social networks, but it's a lot bigger than that). That excites developers and marketers and the press. You need to figure out who will get you involved in that war. Right now you aren't and that's a shame for a company that has so many resources and so many great customers around the world (including my employer who is a partner with you on servicing Exchange, Sharepoint, and other Microsoft technologies). One thing is that this gives me hope for the future. Steve Ballmer is a nice guy, one I enjoyed talking with, but he never really understood what innovation was and never really understood the future, or, really, loved it. I hope your next CEO will be someone who loves the future.
My latest in the Guardian looks at the Facebook-led "connect the world" initiative, which would be more impressive if it wanted to connect people in a way that helped ensure their freedoms, not just more commerce for Facebook and its friends.
Diablo 3: reaper of Souls + Blizzard Entertainment announced the first expansion for Diablo 3 during +Gamescon 2013 in Germany. As it is kinda tradition they did it with a pretty amazing cinematic Trailer (make sure to watch it in HD!). The main foe in D3: RoS will be no one else than the lost angle of death: Malthael. Blizzard also introduces a new class to the existing 5. The new class will be the Crusader. The crusader will be a tank class with holy powers and good in mid range. They also increase the level cap to 70, which will make you play your old beloved heros again! Read more about the upcoming on the official website:
Somewhere closer to home. Also, I hope the sun will come out soon in the Philippines. There's been heavy flooding there during the past day or so.
Ode to the Sun
Ode to the Sun
Do you use any B&W preset for street photography? If so, care to share which one? If not, do you do it manually everytime or you start with some defaults (e.g., default B&W preset in Lightroom)? Thanks.
Do you use any B&W preset for street photography? If so, care to share which one? If not, do you do it manually everytime or you start with some defaults (e.g., default B&W preset in Lightroom)? Thanks.
Here it is - my Google Hangout with the SMH earlier today has been posted:
I wasn't able to sleep well last night so I thought I'd just go out and be productive. So, I got to test the Cokin-P Grad ND filter after receiving the step-up rings last weekend. I like the additional flexibility of having the ND filter and being able to do more in-camera rather than doing what it can do in post-processing. That also meant less time on the computer and more time to take pictures ;-)
I'm future-proofing I have a couple of lenses with different sizes so I think i need a few anyway.
There are just some things you can't (easily) do in post.
It's not a lot once you consider the opportunity costs of not getting the best shot of your kids, family, friends and your travel photos. And these cameras do good videos too.
Hah nice one.. enjoy your trip and stay safe.
