Sony Xperia Z1, Xperia Z Ultra firmware update available, improves battery life and more Recently, Sony promised that it would roll out Android 4.2 Jelly Bean firmware update for its top-end Xperia smartphones, and it appears that the company has indeed kept its promise. Sony has announced that a firmware update for the Sony Xperia Z1 and Sony ...
Google Nexus 5 'official' Play Store listing reveals price tag Google's much awaited next-generation Nexus phone, the Nexus 5 has already made an online appearance. Interestingly, the leak comes from not any other source but Google, as the phone was accidentally listed on the Play Store, the company's content, services...
Samsung Galaxy S4 LTE variant reportedly receives Android 4.3 update Samsung Galaxy Note 3 was the first non-Nexus device in the market to run Android 4.3, and it seems company's flagship smartphone, the Samsung Galaxy S4 will be the next device to run the OS version. Sammobile reports that Samsung Galaxy S4's LTE variant (G...
Lenovo faces regulatory obstacles in potential Blackberry bid Chinese computer maker Lenovo, which has signed a non-disclosure deal to examine BlackBerry's books, faces regulatory obstacles if it bids for all of the company and will likely pursue just parts, a source familiar with the matter said on Thursday. BlackBer...
Samsung Galaxy S5 to feature eye-scanning sensor Samsung is reportedly working on a new eye-scanning feature which is expected to be introduced on the Galaxy S4's successor. According to a report by AndroidSaS that cites some sources from Korea, claims that the South Korean giant has started working on an...
LG G Flex curved smartphone due in November, Nexus 5 by end of October LG is set to unveil its first curved display smartphone, the 'G Flex' next month, while the long-rumoured Nexus 5 will be launched by the end of this month, a report claims. Korean publication, Etnews has revealed in a report that LG, in an attempt to gain ...
Samsung Galaxy Trend, Galaxy Star Pro budget Android phones launched in India Two of Samsung's budget Android smartphones, the Galaxy Trend and Galaxy Star Pro, have finally been officially launched for the Indian market. The Samsung Galaxy Trend comes at a price of Rs. 8,290, while the Samsung Galaxy Star Pro has been priced at Rs. ...
Android 4.4 KitKat teased again by Google ahead of launch In an attempt to build hype about Android 4.4 KitKat, the latest iteration of its mobile and tablet operating system, Google has released a teaser image that gives another glimpse of the Android KitKat logo. Google posted the image to its Google+ page, with...
Apple is believed to have cut Q4 orders for iPhone 5c Apple Inc has told manufacturers of its new iPhone 5c that it will cut orders of the smartphone for the final three months of the year, a source familiar with the supply chain situation said. Pegatron Corp, a major manufacturer of Apple's new phone, had 5c ...
HTC Desire 709d, Desire 7060 and Desire 7088 launched HTC has launched three new Desire smartphones, the Desire 709d, Desire 7060 and Desire 7088 for the Chinese market. As of now, the Taiwanese handset maker has not revealed the pricing and availability details of these smartphones but all the devices have be...
Android 4.4 KitKat teased again, Nestle tips October 28 release Google has been tight-lipped about the release of Android 4.4, the latest iteration of its mobile and tablet operating system, ever since the company announced the new version. Recently however, the company has started teasing customers about Android 4.4 Ki...
Micromax Bolt A58 with Android 4.2 available online for Rs. 5,499 Micromax's new budget Android smartphone, the Bolt A58, is now available online for Rs. 5,499 through ecommerce website, Saholic. The Micromax Bolt A58 has also been listed on the company's official website; however there is no word about the pricing and av...
Sony Xperia Z1, Xperia Z Ultra firmware update available, improves battery life and more Recently, Sony promised that it would roll out Android 4.2 Jelly Bean firmware update for its top-end Xperia smartphones, and it appears that the company has indeed kept its promise. Sony has announced that a firmware update for the Sony Xperia Z1 and Sony ...
Panasonic T31 budget Android 4.2 smartphone launched for Rs. 7,990 Panasonic has launched a new budget Android smartphone in India, the T31. The company has priced the dual-core Panasonic T31 at Rs. 7,990, squeezing it into an extremely competitive market segment. The Panasonic T31 features a 4-inch WVGA (800x480) display ...
Amazon reportedly partners with HTC to make smartphones Amazon.com Inc is developing smartphones with HTC Corp, putting it in a position to compete with Apple Inc and Google Inc, the Financial Times reported. One device is already in an advanced stage of development, the paper reported, citing a source. However,...
Microsoft Windows Phone 8 update to bring Driving Mode Microsoft is updating its Windows software for cellphones to accommodate larger devices and make it easier for motorists to reduce distractions while driving. It's the third update to Windows Phone 8 software since the system's release a year ago. Devices w...
Nexus 5 16GB to launch at $399, Nexus 4 with LTE also in tow: Report While we still wait for the official unveiling of the next Nexus smartphone, a new report spills the beans about the pricing of the device ahead of the official launch. A report from Android Geek suggests that the alleged Nexus 5 might be priced at $399 for...
Samsung Mobiles named 'India's most attractive brand' of 2013 by TRA Samsung Mobiles has emerged as the 'most attractive brand' in the country according to 'India's Most Attractive Brand 2013', a research-based report by Trust Research Advisory (TRA). The report is based on primary research conducted with 2,505 'consumer-inf...
iPhone 4S price slashed to Rs. 31,500 by Apple Following the announcement of the iPhone 5s and iPhone 5c launch in India, Apple has now officially announced the pricing of the two phones, in addition to revising the pricing of the iPhone 4S, the only other model of the iPhone that will sell apart from t...
Nokia Lumia 1520 specifications leaked ahead of official launch Just few days ahead of its expected official launch, the full specifications for Nokia's rumoured Windows Phone 8 phablet, the Lumia 1520, have supposedly been revealed. If the leaked details about the alleged Lumia 1520 are accurate, it will confirm the de...
BlackBerry 10 smartphones available on limited period offer for BES10 customers BlackBerry has just announced a limited period offer discount for their current BlackBerry 10 smartphones, the Q5, Q10 and Z10, meant for BlackBerry Enterprise Service 10 customers. Under the new offer, valid till October 30, the BlackBerry Q5 will now be a...
Mobile phones have no demonstrated health impact: French safety watchdog France's safety watchdog said on Tuesday it was standing by existing recommendations for mobile phones, Wi-Fi and cellphone relay antennas, saying their emissions had "no demonstrated impact" on health. The National Agency for Health, Food and Environmental...
Microsoft unveils third Windows Phone 8 update with large display support, more Microsoft has finally announced the much-anticipated third update for Windows Phone 8. The company also mentions that the new update will be rolled out in the coming weeks and will be continuing for some months depending on the carrier and phone models. How...
BlackBerry's open letter tells customers to "continue to count" on it BlackBerry is publishing an open letter in major publications around the world in a bid to reassure customers that they can count on the distressed smartphone company. The letter was released Monday on Twitter and will be published in 30 publications in nin...
iPhone 5s, iPhone 5c due in India via Airtel and Reliance on November 1 Two of India's telecom operators, Bharti Airtel and Reliance Communication will be selling Apple's latest generation of smartphones, the iPhone 5s and iPhone 5c in India, starting November 1. While Airtel has started taking pre-orders for the new iPhones in...
Microsoft unveils third Windows Phone 8 update with large display support,& more Microsoft has finally announced the much-anticipated third update for Windows Phone 8. The company also mentions that the new update will be rolled out in the coming weeks and will be continuing for some months depending on the carrier and phone models. How...
Josh Fortune Square budget Android smartphone launched at Rs. 2,999 Josh Mobile has launched the Fortune Square smartphone for Rs. 2,999, which is the company's cheapest Android phone offering. The Josh Fortune Square comes with a 3.5-inch display with 320x480 pixels resolution and is powered by a 1GHz processor (unspecifie...
Samsung Galaxy S5 to be launched in January 2014 Samsung recently unveiled the Galaxy Note 3, its flagship phablet that boasts of top of the line specifications, overshadowing the Galaxy S4, the South Korean electronic giant's flagship smartphone that was launched earlier this year. Now, a new report by K...
Karbonn A12+ with Android 4.2 available online, Karbonn A18+ listed as well Two of Karbonn's new smartphones, the Karbonn A12+ and the Karbonn A18+, are now listed online in India. Both the devices have been listed on Flipkart, with the Karbonn A12+ available at Rs. 5,199 and the Karbonn A18+ has been listed as out-of-stock at a pr...
HTC One Max with 5.9-inch full-HD display, fingerprint scanner launched HTC's much-anticipated One Max phablet is now official, even ahead of the event scheduled for October 16 in Hong Kong. The device is expected to be available some time from the middle or end of October, and so far, there is no word on the pricing of the new...
Sony's plans for smartphone race may be hampered without China, US ambition Kazuo Hirai's plan to restore Sony Corp to lasting profitability rests in large part on its smartphones leapfrogging rivals to become the world's third-biggest sellers after the Apple iPhone and Samsung's Galaxy series. But that goal remains some way off. S...
Nexus 5 leaked again, reveals build, more Android 4.4 KitKat features A bunch of new images and a walkthrough video reportedly showing the alleged Nexus 5 smartphone running the new iteration of Google's mobile operating system have surfaced on the Internet. The new leaked live images reveal some of the new features of the An...
LG 'G Flex' curved display smartphone leaked in press renders After announcing that it has started production of curved smartphone displays, LG's rumoured 'G Flex' curved display smartphone has now surfaced online in the form of press renders. Alleged press renders of LG's new 'G Flex' phone have appeared on Engadget,...
HTC One Max leaked in multiple images revealing fingerprint scanner A new rumour has revealed that HTC's alleged phablet, the One Max, will be coming with a fingerprint scanner at the back, and that it will feature multi-finger recognition capabilities. Chinese site, CtechCN has published purported images that detail the fu...
Acer C720 Chromebook and HP Chromebook 14 coming to India on October 17 Google has announced that two of its Chromebook laptops will make their India debut later this month, marking the first time that the Chrome OS-running notebooks will be available for purchase in India. Chromebooks run Google's Chrome OS, rather Windows or ...
HTC One mini with 4.3-inch display, dual-core CPU launched at Rs. 36,790 HTC has launched the One mini in India for Rs. 36,790, a 'mini' variant of its flagship smartphone, the HTC One. Recently, the device was spotted at Flipkart with a price tag of Rs. 37,299. The HTC One mini was unveiled back in July; the device features the...
Windows Phone 8.1 rumours indicate large-screen support, removal of Back button It looks like Microsoft is all set to revamp the Windows Phone platform after releasing the GDR3 update to Windows Phone 8 users, according to a new rumour, which suggests large-screen support, common binaries with Windows RT, and the removal of the Back bu...
Nokia teases October 22 event with image of phablet, tablet and laptop Nokia in an effort to hype up its upcoming Nokia World event, to be held in Abu Dhabi, has quietly released another teaser. The new teaser image shows three devices which are possibly a phablet, tablet and a laptop. The image comes with a tagline that reads...
Nokia Lumia 1020 officially hits retail shelves at Rs. 49,999* Nokia's flagship cameraphone, the Lumia 1020, is now available in India for Rs. 49,999. The device is available at Nokia's online store and also from physical retail stores. As a promotional offer, Nokia is offering the WH-530 stereo headphone worth Rs. 2,9...
Nexus 5, Android 4.4 KitKat may be announced on October 15: Report The next-generation Google Nexus phone, the Nexus 5, and Android 4.4 KitKat, the new iteration of Google's mobile operating system, could be announced as soon as next week, if a new report is to be believed. The new phone and the next version of Android cou...
Karbonn A16 and Karbonn A99 budget Android smartphones available online Karbonn Mobiles has introduced two new budget smartphones for the Indian market, the Karbonn A16 and Karbonn A99. Both the handsets have been listed at ecommerce site, Saholic. The Karbonn A16 is available for Rs. 5,990, while the Karbonn A99 comes for Rs. ...
