Sony SmartWatch 2 now available in the U.S. : by + Robert Nazarian Sony just announced the availability of the SmartWatch 2 in the U.S. It's available at the Sony Store for $199.99 and other select online retailers such Newegg and Amazon.....
TalkAndroid Daily Dose for October 18, 2013 : With hectic schedules, it can be hard to keep track of everything in your news feed. That's why we created the TalkAndroid Daily Dose. This is where we recap the day's hottest stories so you can get yourself up to speed in quick fashion. Happy reading!!......
Dell Venue 7 and 8 are now available to order : by + Justin Herrick The Dell Venue 7 and Venue 8 are now available to order through the company's website. Dell announced their new Android tablets earlier this month and they seem to be quite appealing, considering their specs and pricing.......
T-Mobile's HTC One getting Android 4.3 on Monday : by + Justin Herrick Remember when HTC America president Jason Mackenzie said T-Mobile's One would be updated to 4.3 this week? Well, unfortunately there was a setback and Mackenzie clarified on Twitter that the update is "coming out Monday.".....
UMI X2S claims title of first smartphone running all eight cores on CPU at once : by + Jeff Causey Over the past year, we have seen Qualcomm and MediaTek trade barbs back and forth on the value of a "true" octa core processor. This rivalry was fanned when MediaTek announced in July that they were going to produce the first processor capable of running all eight cores at one time, the MT6592......
NVIDIA to consolidate game streaming technology as GameStream brand, includes NVIDIA Shield and GRID streaming : by + Jared Peters NVIDIA used their game streaming technology as a major selling point for the NVIDIA Shield, and now they're taking that one step further by consolidating all of their streaming technology under a single brand: GameStream.......
Verizon’s Samsung Galaxy S 4 Mini and Snapdragon 800-powered flip phone pass through FCC : by + Aditya Thawardas Two Verizon Samsung devices appeared at FCC recently, indicating that a market launch is approaching. The first of these devices is the Verizon Samsung Galaxy S 4 Mini, which has also already passed through Bluetooth certification, leading us to believe that a launch, along with the AT&T and Sprint versions, will come very soon.....
Google hosting event on October 24 in NYC, but unfortunately no hardware announcements expected : by + Robert Nazarian Invites for a Google event went out this afternoon, but if you're thinking Nexus 5, you might be out of luck. The invitation only mentioned Google Play and says, "Join us for a night out with Google Play - Music, movies, games, and a special performance by Capital Cities.".....
HTC marketing exec leaves company after just four months : by + Jeff Causey HTC has reported their Vice President and head of Global PR, Corporate and Internal Communications, Lorain Wong is leaving the company only four months after joining HTC......
Next Sony Xperia could be able to wirelessly charge in one hour : by + Aditya Thawardas Smartphones are incredible devices that have made our lives infinitely better, but they still have their problems. Like how long some phones take to charge. Sony might be solving that problem in a big way.......
[Deal] Get $50 Amazon gift card for purchase of 16GB Samsung Galaxy Note 10.1 2014 Edition : by + Jeff Causey If you are interested in grabbing a new Samsung Galaxy Note 10.1 2014 Edition tablet and can live with a couple restrictions on your choice of options, Amazon may be able to sweeten the deal for you a little bit......
Nexus 5 retail packaging leaked, white variant smiles for the camera : by + Justin Herrick After last night's suprise cameo in the Play Store, possible retail packaging of the Nexus 5 has leaked as well. And the retail packaging isn't just catching eyes because of its design.......
'Steve Jobs patent' upheld by USPTO, 'massive setback' for Samsung and Google : by + Robert Nazarian Apple just got a huge win that will result in continued problems for Samsung and Google. The "Steve Jobs patent" (U.S. Patent No. 7,479,949) was reaffirmed by the U.S Patent & Trade Office (USPTO)......
Verizon and AT&T rank highest for iPhone users, but Samsung users prefer Sprint and T-Mobile : by + Robert Nazarian An interesting report on the U.S. mobile carriers was released yesterday by J.D. Power. Apparently, when consumers rank their overall satisfaction with their carrier of choice, it might be contingent on what phone they are using......
Android 4.3 now rolling for the Galaxy S 4 (GT-I9500) : by + Robert Nazarian Yesterday, Samsung started rolling the Android 4.3 update for the Galaxy S 4 (GT-I9505) and today they have released it for the GT-I9500......
Apple seeks to broaden Samsung import ban in the U.S. : by + Justin Herrick They're back at it again. Apple has requested the United States International Trade Commission to broaden the import ban on Samsung......
New Google Glass APK teardown gives a look at future treats : by + Justin Herrick With Google Glass updates becoming more frequent than ever, there is a chance that a few things can go unnoticed......
Google experiences explosive Q3 earnings, Moto takes on more losses, smart-watches mentioned in earnings call : by + Harrison Kaminsky Each quarter, public companies hold their earnings call with investors. Google's was today, and CEO Larry Page began by talking about Google's interest in multi-screen technologies--- Both Chromecast and Google Glass fall under this category......
Archos announces extremely low-end Titanium lineup of phones : by + Jared Peters Remember those Titanium tablets Archos announced way earlier this year? Well, they've announced a line of four phones to go alongside the tablets, and they're extremely budget friendly, to say the least......
Spacetime Games announces Battle Command, a strategy MMO due out in November : by + Jared Peters Spacetime Games has announced they will be releasing a strategy MMO for Android later this year titled Battle Command......
TalkAndroid Daily Dose for October 17, 2013 : With hectic schedules, it can be hard to keep track of everything in your news feed. That's why we created the TalkAndroid Daily Dose. This is where we recap the day's hottest stories so you can get yourself up to speed in quick fashion. Happy reading!!.....
Say hello to the Nexus 5, full press render leaks on Google servers [Update: Priced at $349] : by + Robert Nazarian Earlier today a leaked press render of the Nexus 5 with Telus branding surfaced. A lot of people think it's fake, but it doesn't matter now because the real deal just leaked on Google servers........
Microsoft releases Remote Desktop app for Android/iOS alongside Windows 8.1 release : by + Harrison Kaminsky Along with the official release of Windows 8.1 today comes Microsoft's new Android/iOS Remote Desktop application. That's right, there is now a "Microsoft-official" way to access your desktop remotely via your device.......
$5/day passes for tablets announced by AT&T : by + Harrison Kaminsky Tablet sales for Wi-Fi only models have been booming for quite a while now. However, 3G/4G capable models have not been selling quite as well, for obvious reasons--- consumers don't want to deal with new contracts on top of their already expensive mobile phone contracts. It's just too much money, especially because most people are afraid that they won't use their tablet on the go enough to justify the price they'll be paying. AT&T has recognized this issue and is finally ready to do something about it.....
Limited Edition Android Halloween figurine to be sold by Dead Zebra on October 21 : by + Harrison Kaminsky Android artist Gary Ham has designed a special edition, mini collectible "Trickertreat!" Android figurine......
Nexus 5 press images leak, features TELUS branding : by + Harrison Kaminsky We already know that the Nexus 5 will be coming to the Play Store off-contract, and that it will also be sold by carriers in the US. We now have news that the Canadian carrier, TELUS, will be offering the device as well........
*Google Play Music Update 5.2.1233L Now Available, Adds "I'm Feeling Lucky Radio" Feature *: by + Joseph Sirianni It wasn't long ago that Google rolled out a version of the Play Music app which allowed genre-based radio on our Android devices and now they've just kicked off another phase of the application offering an "I'm feeling lucky radio" feature.......
Twitter plans to redesign and push its direct messaging system to compete with other instant messaging services : by + Jared Peters Twitter will apparently be looking to revamp and push their direct messaging service to compete with other apps like Hangouts, WhatsApp, and Apple's iMessage in the near future.......
SwiftKey Beta update merges the phone and tablet, brings new layouts : by + Robert Nazarian SwiftKey continues to solidify itself as the best replacement keyboard for Android. The Beta version has just been updated to 4.3.0.139 and offers two really cool enhancements.......
*LG's G Pad 8.3 Now Available Online At Best Buy And In Stores Nov 3rd *: by + Joseph Sirianni For those wondering when the LG G Pad 8.3 was going to be available in the U.S., look no further. It's been roughly about a month since its announcement at IFA in Berlin and we've seen hints of the device here and there since, but LG is now making the U.S. release official.
Verizon to launch a red DROID Mini soon : by + Robert Nazarian The DROID Mini is a great phone for those that want a more compact frame. However, it has only been offered in black.....
Samsung Galaxy S 4 Zoom for AT&T leaks : by + Robert Nazarian If you're an AT&T customer and looking for a new Android smartphone that sports a really good camera, then you will be happy to know that the Samsung Galaxy S 4 Zoom is coming to the carrier soon......
Samsung Galaxy S 4 (GT-I9505) officially receives Android 4.3 : by + Robert Nazarian Android 4.3 for the global Galaxy S 4 leaked a few days ago, and Samsung is now officially rolling it out. So far it's hitting The LTE version of the Galaxy S 4 (GT-i9505) in Germany.....
Play Store update to bring slide-out navigation : by + Robert Nazarian Android might be moving to version 4.4, but coincidentally, the Play Store will also move to version 4.4. This version will bring slide-out navigation......
TalkAndroid Daily Dose for October 16, 2013 : With hectic schedules, it can be hard to keep track of everything in your news feed. That's why we created the TalkAndroid Daily Dose. This is where we recap the day's hottest stories so you can get yourself up to speed in quick fashion. Happy reading!!.......
Any.Do opens up beta for Cal on Android : by + Jared Peters Any.do has been teasing its Android version of their Cal app for a while now, but they've finally opened up the beta for the app via Google+'s beta communities......
Motorola adds web tool for migrating iPhone contacts and calendar over to new Moto X devices in MotoMaker : by + Jared Peters Motorola may not have filled the Moto X with uber high-end hardware, but they're nailing the experience of the device. The latest addition to the Moto X and MotoMaker comes in the form of a data migration tool. New customers who are purchasing a Moto X with MotoMaker will have the option to port over their contacts and calendar entries from an Apple's iCloud service to be preloaded on their new device......
The MEEP! X2 from Oregon Scientific Is a Kid Friendly Tablet with a Budget Friendly Price : by + Jack Holt With the slew of apps that are out in the Play Store there are many that are kid friendly. However, as great as this is, kids usually aren't easy on electronics. So you may be a bit reluctant to hand over that Nexus 7 or Galaxy Note tablet. Some companies keep that in mind, and help you out by creating kid specific tablets. Oregon Scientific is just such a company.......
Google Places for Business released in the Play Store, manage your Places listing from your device : by + Justin Herrick Google's newest self-made app in the Play Store is Google Places for Business. The app allows you to manage your Google Places page by being able to communicate through Google+.......
HTC says competing in cheap phone market is a 'fool's game' : by + Harrison Kaminsky It looks like HTC is finally starting to catch on--- however, it may be too late. Following the release of its newest high-end device, the One Max, the company's head of marketing, Jeff Gordon, released a statement regarding their smartphone manufacturing strategies......
Android 4.4 KitKat website has JavaScript file with code for countdown clock : by + Harrison Kaminsky The official Android 4.4 KitKat and Nexus 5 announcements will most likely come hand in hand, and it won't be long before they're outed to the public. While we don't know for sure when it will happen, (although October 28th has been pointed to quite a few times) we do know that Google will have a countdown timer on the KitKat website to let us know when all the magic is going to happen......
