Nice. RX1 is my go to camera these days.
New Sony A7R Full-Frame mirrorless takes computational photography to a new level! I got a sneak preview of the whole new Sony camera system. Here’s what you need to know. I’m not gonna take eight paragraphs to tell you the basics. You’re smart; here are the key factors about the new Sony A7R: Full-Frame, 36 Megapixels, Weather-sealed, Crazy autofocus tricks, Much improved noise-reduction, Built-in WIFI and NFC, Improved-everything-else. Am I switching? Yes! Absolutely! I consider this a major upgrade from my NEX-7. Read my full write-up over on my blog:
Keep Portland Weird -- Portland, Oregon Portland is going through a bit of a renaissance these days. Neighborhoods are getting cleaned up, the startup technology scene is booming and housing prices are on the rise. However, the changes are not welcomed by everyone. Some long time residents fear that the gentrification will ruin Portland by turning it into a cookie-cutter city dominated by chain stores and a high cost of living. Hence the rally cry "Keep Portland Weird". I didn't understand what that really meant until I started spending time at + Cloudability HQ. Now I see that Portland is definitely a unique and weird place. Take Michael Krupp, a.k.a. Blue Man, for example. Most days you can find him on Broadway. No one knows why's he's blue or why he's out on the street day after day. That mystery probably doesn't even matter anymore as Blue Man has become somewhat of an icon for the weird struggle to keep the status quo. So much so that he served the city council a poetic 30-day notice to "vacate the premisses" (which you can see here: ). Yesterday, I caught up with Blue Man myself. He was kind enough to let me take his portrait. Shot with the + Sony RX1, developed using + Phase One Capture One and the + Nik Photography Collection.
Sure + Brian Matiash and + Nicole S. Young have seen the Blue Man.
+ Brian Matiash I did not. The lack of a leaf shutter is a really big deal for me so I'm sticking with the RX1.
New Sony A7R Full-Frame mirrorless takes computational photography to a new level! I got a sneak preview of the whole new Sony camera system. Here’s what you need to know. I’m not gonna take eight paragraphs to tell you the basics. You’re smart; here are the key factors about the new Sony A7R: Full-Frame, 36 Megapixels, Weather-sealed, Crazy autofocus tricks, Much improved noise-reduction, Built-in WIFI and NFC, Improved-everything-else. Am I switching? Yes! Absolutely! I consider this a major upgrade from my NEX-7. Read my full write-up over on my blog:
Added photos to It's the Chris Chabot Farewell Decompression Photowalk!!!!.
The Queen -- San Francisco, California I headed up to San Francisco yesterday to see our friend + Chris Chabot off to London with a proper photowalk, organized by + Thomas Hawk , at Decompression (a Burning Man after party). There are lots of people to photograph at these party/festivals. My favorite was this royal portrait of the Queen. Also, I had some very interesting conversations with people about Burning Man. There were a few times when I couldn't help but feel like I was in one of those exchanges from the movie The Lost Boys. You know, where the Vampires are telling Michael one thing but meaning something else very different... Best of all it was great to catchup with everyone and to shoot another festival with Chris before the English get ahold of him.
Scoble at C2SV -- San Jose, California + Robert Scoble kicked off C2SV (a new Silicon Valley tech/Music festival) this year with a very cool presentation about the "Age of Context". All of this context aware computing is pretty crazy stuff. Robert's got a whole new book out about it which you can buy here: More of my C2SV photos are over at my Silicon Valley photoblog - In Startup Land:
Teri Gender Bender -- San Jose, California I got to photograph the Bosnian Rainbows playing at C2SV this weekend. It was an awesome set. Teri (lead singer) really brings it. This was my favorite shot but you can see more photos of them here:
+ C2SV - This week. Get Your Tickets! It's about time Silicon Valley had a proper response to that other tech/music festival held in Austin. + C2SV is three sunny days of local tech and music right here in Silicon Valley. + Robert Scoble is kicking things off with the keynote on Thursday and bands play at local venues all weekend. I'll be there for part of the time so be sure to ping me if you are going.
Got to spend time last week with an extremely talented group of founders and executives from + Foundry Group companies. It's always good times when you can meet people in real life and learn from their experiences. For example, I had a chance to talk with + BJ Heinley who runs UX and design for + Spanning - which sells a much needed service that backups your entire Google Apps install. Yes, you can easily lose Google docs, mail, and calendar data without even knowing it. BJ's been designing web experiences since the web 1.0 days and easily straightened me out on several UX things that I was struggling with. How did I repay the favor? I made him stand still for a quick portrait in a room of 75 people. Thanks BJ.
The Conference Buck -- Portland, Oregon One of my favorite things about the + Cloudability offices in Portland. Everyone should have a conference buck or two...
Croissant -- Palo Alto, california Hard to resist the occasional food shot.
Missing Aircraft Friday night delays suck more than any other day of the week.
welcome to the Friday night club + Craig Colvin .
+ Pressgram Launches! Months in the making Pressgram has finally taken the wraps off the service. Free download for iOS. Read all about it on my blog. If you are using WordPress for your photo website (I know many of you are) you'll want to give this a serious looking over.
Lens-style Cameras anyone? Who out here is thinking of buying the new attachable lens camera's + Sony announced today? More importantly, how do you think it will expand your photography? Looking forward to getting my hands on one of these to review.
there is also a $250 version + Alexander S. Kunz . the QX10. see:
Surfers Past, Present & Future -- Santa Cruz, California Walking around Santa Cruz you just can't help but feel that it's a surf town. There are lots of surf shops, old VW vans packed with boards, and waves most of the year. Yes, you practically trip over something to do with surfing when walking around this town. This is one of my favorite surfing things - the iconic monument to surfers "past, present, and future". I caught up with him and his long board earlier this summer while watching the sets roll in at Lighthouse point. Order Prints here: This was shot with the + Sony RX1, developed in + Phase One CaptureOne, processed using + Nik Photography Silver Efex Pro.
Photographing Lions with a 50mm Lens? Copter technology is changing everything. Evidently this now includes wildlife photography! The days of shooting a 600mm lens from a jeep might ne replaced by copters carrying gyro-stabilized mirror-less cameras with short focal lengths. I've been watching my friend + Barry Blanchard tear up this learning curve. Very exciting.
Mariachi Player -- Santa Cruz, California He was kind enough to give me a few minutes to take this portrait during his break. I'm continuing to love the + Sony RX1. This was shot at ISO 6400 in available light. Bit of noise reduction in + Phase One CaptureOne then processed with + Nik Photography Silver Efex Pro
ISO 6400 is the new ISO 1600 ;)
The full set cost $1,400 right before they stopped making them. Now the 2010 set retails for ~$7,000 for some reason (collectors I guess).
57% of Stay-at-home Moms say they still want to work. Here's a really interesting survey of 2000+ moms about what they want at work. It's clearly time for alternative employment models that can bring these moms back into the workforce. It's very exciting to see Hulafrog making this a reality.
+ Julie Gerdes good points as usual. I still think that there should to be more options beyond stay-at-home (lean out) or full time (lean in). That's what Hulafrog is trying to trying to create. With their model a mom can be an part time entrepreneur running a local website - responsible for content and revenue (with tons of help from the network). Kind of a unique option for those that want and can afford to take the middle road.
Nik Photography Cover Photo Selection – August 7, 2013 Natural Bridges © Peter Adams Egret and natural bridge at Natural Bridges State Park in Santa Cruz, California. This week's colorful sunset for the Nik Photography Cover Photo is brought to you by photographer extraordinaire, + Peter Adams . He is "...focused on photographing landscapes, editorial, portraits and anything Silicon Valley related." In this image, he used Silver Efex Pro. (BTW, this is not a typo!) By converting a color image to black and white with Silver Efex Pro, using the blend mode in Photoshop, and selecting Luminosity, will bring out beautiful structure and tones in your image. Great job Peter! Check out more of + Peter Adams 's work and be sure to Circle him on Google+! ---- There are so many creative and wonderful images enhanced with the Nik Collection that we wanted to make sure everyone gets a chance to see them! We will be posting a new Cover Photo each week. If you would like to be considered, please follow these guidelines: - Post an image on your G+ page - Dimensions 2120 x 1192 pixel image (horizontal) - Mention the Nik product/s that you used - Add #nikcoverphoto in your description - Image should not be watermarked If you are selected, we will contact you for the image so that we can post it as a Cover Photo on our Nik Photography G+ page and give you proper credit. Thank you from the Nik Google+ Photos Team
Estate Sale -- Santa Cruz, California Taking a break from the beach shots long enough to bring you this innovation in location advertising. Prints are here: This is one exposure shot with the incredible + Sony RX1, processed using + Nik Photography Silver Efex Pro.
Thanks guys. Luckily I was able to pull off the road to grab this.
Beach Volleyball -- Santa Cruz, California Here's a window into the women's beach volleyball league scene in Santa Cruz. Let's just say it's pretty fierce. Teams of two means there's a lot of beach to cover especially when the other team gets the jump on you.... Buy a print here: Black and white processing was done using + Nik Photography Silver eFex Pro.
Thanks everyone. This was such an interesting scene.
+ Laurie Rubin thought you might want to see some silver efex.
You should have seen this match + Brian Matiash . There was all sorts crushing going on.
+ Royi Avital that's a good idea. Maybe I'll do a hangout to show how I processed it.
PhotoPills - - New Must Have Photo App If you are a landscape or location photog you are going to want to check out PhotoPills right now. It basically has everything The Photographer’s Ephemeris (TPE) has plus a bunch other cool features include: - augmented reality of celestial poles/equators (handy for planning star trails and milky way position) - Shadow line and depth - Offline maps (love this) - Magic and blue hour demarkations - Moon phase calendar - hyperfocus tables - POI planning It's $9.99 in the app store.
Weightlessness -- Santa Cruz, California Children experiencing the feeling of weightlessness as they ride the seaswings at the Santa Cruz beach boardwalk. Part of a series I'm doing on "Endless Summer". Fine art prints or canvas murals of this image are available here: Processed using + Nik Photography Silver efex.
Lost In Thought -- Santa Cruz, California Here's a new image from a series I'm doing on "endless summer" at the boardwalk. Remember day dreaming through your summer jobs wishing you were somewhere else, doing something different?
Happy Monday, everyone! Here's a new Deal of the Week perfect for people interested in trying out new camera bodies! Simply use code BLDOW at checkout to receive 25% off these rentals. Just make your order this week, and schedule it anytime this year! Panasonic Lumix DMC-GH3 Mirrorless Digital Camera Canon EOS 60D Digital SLR Nikon D600 Digital Camera Sony Cyber-shot DSC-RX1 Full Frame Compact Digital Camera Happy shooting, everyone!
Really enjoying Kirk Crippen's Portlandia portraits. If you've ever spent much time in Portland you'll want to give it a look.
The Final Resting Place -- Santa Cruz If the Ark of The Covenant is hidden in Santa Cruz, I'm pretty sure it would be inside this building. Ok, I admit it. I have Raiders Of The Lost Ark on the brain ever since I found out that it's playing at our local theater this summer. Processed with + Phase One Capture One, + Nik Photography Silver efex pro and Color efex pro. Prints are available here:
Happy Birthday + Trey Ratcliff Here's a shot of him teaching at one of his photowalks in San Francisco. Good times... Hope you are having a blast on your birthday.
Reasons You Shouldn't Date a Photographer Sadly a lot of these are dead on accurate. Take #23 for example: 23. HOLDING HANDS WILL BE PRETTY RARE That’s because they’ll be carrying a heavy camera most of the times.
Most of these apply to marrying a photog as well. ;) + Karen Hutton + Thomas Hawk + Julia Peterson + Doug Kaye + Joe Ercoli + Cynthia Pyun + Brian Matiash + Nicole S. Young + Mitchell Weinstock + Trey Ratcliff + Tina Ratcliff + Nyla Adams + Joe Dolister
oh no. How's the camera + Barry Blanchard ?
Hoover Tower -- Stanford, California Hoover Tower as seen through the sculpture titled "Mozart I" by Kenneth Snelson on the campus of Stanford University.
I had an opportunity to put Zeiss Touit 12mm/F2.8 and 32mm/F1.8 lenses to the test on Sony NEX. Have a look at what I found.
It's O.K. To be Takei -- Mountain View, California Had a chance to briefly stop in at the headquarters of 500 Startups this week. There is so much cool stuff to photograph in their office space but I couldn't leave without a shot of this autographed, life sized, wall poster of Star Trek's Commander Sulu. I missed it but actor George Takei (who played Sulu) was in town and spoke to the current batch of 500 Startups companies late last year.
Release the Google Internet Balloons! Photos and video! See the Full article with all the pretty pictures on blog at: See the YouTube video at: 4 AM, a week ago: I get a strange email from Google. Just sign the paperwork they say. We can't tell you anything. I sign, assuming it's gotta be cool with an approach like that. Fast Forward One Week Next thing I knew, I was up in a helicopter over Tekapo, New Zealand, sitting by Steven Levy from Wired magazine tracking balloons as they headed for the stratosphere. I was just a few hours north of my home in Queenstown, so I was excited to check out this secret Google X project right in my own backyard! So, here's the whole story. I'll start with a video I shot with Google Glass that shows some of the behind-the-scenes: (Note, here is the Longer Video linked therein that has a lot of the tech talk and geeky stuff if you want to know more.] So, what's the reason for all this? Well, there are billions of people on Earth without internet. Billions! What's a crazy (loon-y) idea to get them internet? Step in Project Loon from Google X and Rich DeVaul. New Zealand was a perfect test bed because even though we have only 4 million people, 1 million of us don't even have internet. Or, if we have it, it's crazy-expensive. We even visited one farmer (Charles) who said that he had to pay $1400 for ONE month of satellite-internet. Crazy! So, imagine a network, a mesh of balloons that spin around the earth, effortlessly handing off internet from one balloon to the next, just like the way you hand off phone service from one tower to the next as you drive. You can see more about the tech on Google's Project Loon site at . Anyhoo, I was invited along to take photos. Google was nice enough to even officially license a few photos (thanks!). No, they didn't pay me to write a nice article. I'm just kind of a Google fan. Stephen Levy and Wired liked some of the more special photos too, so you can see even more in Stephen's article Wired magazine - . Man, he's a cool guy. You really get to know a dude when you're ripping through the New Zealand mountains with these crazy Kiwi pilots! After watching the flawless launch on a chilly morning, we ended up taking a chopper to a remote farm. There were a lot of choppers. It was kind of like Apocalypse Google Now. We landed and jumped off to go try out the internet. Again, flawless. I can only assume they had a few failed tests beforehand… they must have been working on this for a long time. But man, it was smooth. The family was super excited. They were on www.Trademe.co.nz , which is the eBay of New Zealand. The husband was looking for a new truck… his wife was not thrilled. At lunch, the creator of the project, Rich DeVaul, told us a funny story. I don't even know if I can repeat it, but I will. It seems innocuous enough. BTW, I'm not a real journalist or anything. I'm just a guy that takes photos and likes stories. [Queue Radiolab soundeffects] Rich is tearing down a highway in central California. He's in his own car. There are other Google people in there, and they are peering upwards and out the window like tornado chasers. They have radio antennae, laptops, and all kinds of crazy Google equipment as they try to track a balloon. At some point, they overload his alternator and they come to an unceremonious stop. They are stranded. Rich has to call his wife to pick them up. She's been in the dark for years about this project, and he hasn't told her anything. She drives hours and hours to pick them up. He fills up her car with nerds and equipment and they sit there silently, ignoring the Fringe/X-Files nonsense that is happening in the backseat. His lips form a line as he looks side to side innocently. I'm not sure if that look actually happened, but it probably did. I heard she's here at this press conference that's happening right now in Christchurch. So now she knows everything; She's probably quite proud of him! And, by the way, if you are here in New Zealand in Christchurch, come see me at the Festival of Flight at the Air Force Museum on Sunday! The Project Loon event is from 10am-2pm on Sunday June 16th. There will be a lot about balloon science and stuff like that… bring the family! Here's a map: Anyway, hats off to all the engineers and team members. It's a cool project. It's all quite early, of course, but if they can keep iterating, it will be a really cool option to get internet everywhere. I can see remote villages in Africa having one of those red-ballooned antennas. I can see it forcing competitive local internet services in SE Asia to provide cheaper service and no data caps (the same way Google Fiber is disrupting competitive services). I can see myself putting one of those antenna on my truck so I have internet no matter where I travel in New Zealand to take photos. Man, I can't wait! A Photo-Essay of the launch You can click through the photos in the album below to see more! #HolyKaw Photo Below: The Internet floats over New Zealand. Another Google Loon Balloon makes its way towards the stratosphere, spreading internet like ambrosia dripping from Mount Olympus.
Silicon Valley -- San Jose, California While flying back to San jose the other night our pilot was kind enough to dip the wing long enough for me to grab this shot of Silicon Valley. The vantage point here is just south of San jose looking north. You can see San Bruno Mountain in the distance. Order a print here:
Thanks + Deepak Ghosh , + Greg Gann and + Amy Heiden . I love aerial photography and need to do more of it. Chartering a plane can get pricey though.
+ Chris Fung You definitely need a good window. My trick is sit in the first three rows, wipe the inside of the window, and not touch the camera to the glass. A lot of focus issues stem from the camera having a hard time focusing on infinity because of scratches/marks on the window.
I'm thinking Google should be visible here too. + Brian Matiash
+ Greg Gann I'm not an aerial expert like + Jessica Ambats but I have done some helicopter work. If you go that route try to find a charter that will fly "doors off" (typically a Hughes) so that you are not shooting through a window. Plus it's more fun! ;)
Into the Eye Of the Storm -- Palo Alto, California Clouds like this are unusual for Silicon Valley this time of year but every so often we get a show. Many thanks to mother nature as well as the commercial airline pilot whose plane looks like it's headed into the eye of the storm. Purchase a print here:
Snapsation has launched! We've just come of the stage at LeWeb London where we've launched Snapsation. We're super excited with the feedback and the buzz that the launch has created! The video of the launch announcement is now live at: Chris Chabot - Snapsation - LeWeb London 2013 So what's next! We're all in this together, and it's up to us now to create our profiles and setup our offers so that when people come to Snapsation to hire an amazing local photographer, they'll find you! And it's up to us to make sure everyone knows where they can buy your awesome services. It was something the AirBnB co-founder said at the conference that really highlighted why we're so passionate about this: AirBnB wasn't successful until they had simple online payments - the experience of having to ask and exchange money in person completely soured the experience. With simple online payments, people can focus on what they enjoy - being a great host, or in our case, taking great photos! Here's some tips of how to get your offers ready for their first customers: Opening your Offers with References Debuting your Offers with kind words and approvals from your network will help jumpstart your business. When a buyer comes to your Offers and sees dozens of people vouching for your work, he or she will feel more comfortable working with you. Scan your list of contacts (phone contacts, email address book, or even Rolodex (gasp!)) and reach out to people you know have positive things to say about how you've worked together in the past. The References will help establish credibility for your new Offers, and more importantly, they bring more people to Snapsation who are invested in your success. Send people a link to your profile and ask them to write a review. Ask your networks to Favorite The people who Favorite you on Snapsation are like your fans--people who like something about you, support you, and follow your every move. They are here to buy from you, recommend you to their friends, and be the first to know when you publish something new! Favorites help create trust. Next to a review, a Favorite is the best thing to let people know you're amazing. The more people giving you love, the more trustworthy you'll come across. Favorites will also help increase orders. More people supporting you and being notified when you update your Offers means increased business. And finally, Favorites help with search results. The number of Favorites determines where you show up in search results, and better placement means more eyeballs on your Offers. So, how do you get Favorites? One of the quickest hits is social media. Take to your Facebook page and Twitter feed to ask your friends, family and followers to Favorite you. Be sure to use your Snapsation URL in your message so your fans can get straight to business. Ask them to spread the love by asking their personal networks to check out your Offers and Favorite you, too. Remember, you're awesome and everyone in the world should know that Hunt through your address book and craft personalized messages to your dear ones. Customize the note specifically for that person, instead of a mass email, to make your message more special and powerful. Check out the other Offers in your local marketplace. Give some props to your colleagues. You know what they say, a Favorite for a Favorite. To keep from sending the same message to the same people, it's a good idea to keep a list of the people you've already contacted. Don't send them the same message more than twice. Increase your rank The holy grail of offer promotion is for a potential buyer to find you in a web search. We do our part to help all Snapsation listings rank higher in results, but if you want to beat out the rest, here's how to start: One way search engines decide results is by calculating the number of other sites that link back to them. Our best sellers add links to their Offers wherever they can. Try adding your Offers link to your Facebook, Twitter, and LinkedIn profiles, personal blog and/or website. Also, update your personal email signature to include a link to your Offers. Think of all the people you email on a daily basis. Use those connections to introduce more people to your Offers. We're so excited to start re-imagining how photographers can make money doing what they enjoy with you. This is where we get to make a difference Snapsation: Jubilation for the democratization of photographic opportunization
