Sony Vegas Pro 12.0 Build 367 x64 Key Features: Sony Vegas™ Pro 12 is an integrated, forward-thinking production environment designed for a new generation of creative professionals. Combining a familiar track-based timeline with hundreds of thoughtful workflow innovations, Vegas Pro 12 is a...
Call of Duty 2 PC Game Free Download Call of Duty 2 redefines the cinematic intensity and chaos of battle as seen through the eyes of ordinary soldiers fighting together in epic WWII conflicts. The sequel to 2003's Call of Duty, winner of over 80 Game of the Year awards, Call of Duty 2 offers...
Call of Duty 2 PC Game Free Download Call of Duty 2 redefines the cinematic intensity and chaos of battle as seen through the eyes of ordinary soldiers fighting together in epic WWII conflicts. The sequel to 2003's Call of Duty, winner of over 80 Game of the Year awards, Call of Duty 2 offers...
Call of Duty 4 Modern Warfare PC Game Free Download Call of Duty 4 Modern Warfare is a 2007 first-person shooter video game, developed by Infinity Ward for Microsoft Windows, Mac OS X, PlayStation 3, Xbox 360 and Wii. A handheld game was made for the Nintendo DS. The game was released in North America, Aust...
Sherlock Holmes - Mystery of the Mummy PC Game Free Download Help Sherlock Holmes, the famous detective, solve a mystery involving the disappearance of Lord Montcalfe, a famous archaeologist specializing in ancient Egyptology, in a mansion protected by Egyptian magic. The mansion is like a museum full of stunning art...
Hard Reset PC Game Free Download In the only remaining human city of Bezoar, Major Fletcher, an Army Combat Veteran and soldier of the CLN, is dragged into a conflict between two of mankind's greatest enemies. He is to discover that nothing is what it seems to be. Hard Reset is an action-p...
Real Warfare 1242 PC Game Free Download Russia during the XIII century was a huge state, much larger than any other European country. Split by internal conflicts,and yet standing strong against numerous outer threats, it was attacked by the infamous Mongol Horde. They came suddenly and pierced th...
Microsoft Office Professional Plus 2013 Full Version Free Download Microsoft Office 2013 (formerly Microsoft Office 15) is a version of Microsoft Office, a productivity suite for Microsoft Windows. It is the successor of Microsoft Office 2010 and includes extended file format support, user interface updates and support f...
Fantastic 4 PC Game Free Download Fantastic 4 Game suffers from imprecise controls, a lackluster presentation, a few bugs, and other issues that make it difficult to recommend. Fantastic 4 is a beat em up based on a movie of the same name, which is in turn based on a comic book series creat...
Microsoft Office Professional 2003 Full Version Free Download Microsoft Office 2003 Manage your business efficiently and effectivel. Manage your entire business with Microsoft Office Enterprise 2007. This product includes all of the user-friendly business software included with Microsoft Office Professional Plus 2007 ...
Spiderman 1 PC Game Full Version Free Download SpiderMan 1 will let you play hero for a day, but be ready to fight with the game's weaknesses as well as its villains. Once bitten, twice the guy. Thanks to the bite of an irradiated spider, budding boy genius Peter Parker suddenly finds himself turned int...
Ghajini The Game Free Download Ghajini The Game is a Third Person Action game, which will provide a fantastic opportunity to All Ghajini fans to experience the movie through this exciting game. The game features recreated movie locations and scenes in the 3D world so as to provide the ...
CloneDVD 7 Ultimate 7.0.0.5 Multilingual Free Download CloneDVD (2013) is specially designed to meet users’ up-to-date DVD-issue demand: clone DVD to DVD disc for safe storage; rip DVD to other video formats to be played on other portable devices; create DVD masterpieces out of collected videos/films; freely co...
MAGIX Movie Edit Pro 2014 Premium 13.0.0.30 Free Download Features: Precise video editing on up to 99 tracks • Full 4K and HD support for AVCHD/HDV camcorders and action cameras • Full 3D support for importing, editing, and exporting • Proxy editing Ultra-smooth editing of 4K and HD recordings • Advanced audio dub...
Nero 2014 Platinum 15.0.02200 Free Download Nero Platinum 15 (2014) is a multimedia software suite that lets you capture, convert and consume your movies, music and photos for the best HD home entertainment experience. Nero Platinum was built to support Windows 8 and provides the best experience for ...
GTA 4 - Grand Theft Auto IV PC Game Full Version Free Download Grand Theft Auto IV is a sandbox-style action-adventure video game developed by Rockstar North and released for the PlayStation 3 and Xbox 360 video game consoles in Europe, North America and Oceania, on 29 April 2008, and in Japan on 30 October 2008. A Win...
RA.ONE The Game Free Download RA.ONE Game Play as G-One, Shah Rukh Khan, on your PC, in this exclusive downloadable game from Microsoft Windows. A prequel to the movie, RA.ONE The Game introduces the key film characters and the various superpowers they have in the film. The game stor...
Cold Zero: No Mercy PC Game Free Download Cold Zero The combination of elements from several different genres action, strategy, and role playing works to keep things interesting in Cold Zero. An intriguing blend of action, real-time strategy, and role-playing elements, JoWood’s isometric third-pe...
Avast Internet Security 2013 Free Download Avast! Internet Security comes with an antispam filter and built-in firewall. Once installed, avast! runs silently in the background to protect your computer against all known forms of malware. You don't need to do anything else - just install and forget! A...
Avast Pro Antivirus 2013 Free Download Avast Pro Antivirus 2013 The all new avast! 8 is here. If you already have a firewall and anti-spam, you don’t need to pay for them twice. Choose Pro Antivirus to complete your protection. · Blocks viruses & spyware · Allows assistance fr...
Norton Internet Security 2013 Free Download Norton Internet Security 2013 was ranked as one of the most accurate programs in the latest Dennis Technology Labs report. Go anywhere online safely. Symantec has moved Norton 360 to the same release schedule as Norton Internet Security and Norton AntiViru...
Bad Boys 2 Free Download PC Game Full Version Bad Boys 2 Game is very similar to the first part of GTA. You’re a guy who works for the Mafia. You can walk in the city and steal the cars you see. Just get close the car and press Enter to get into it. You’ll get different missions. Read the dialogues ca...
Serious Sam The First Encounter PC Game Free Download Serious Sam The First Encounter It’s a great looking, fun filled game that has plenty of visceral thrills and absolutely, positively the biggest battles in any shooter to date. You’d be hard-pressed to come up with a game that’s anywhere near as intense a...
FIFA 2003 Soccer PC Game Full Version Free Download FIFA 2003 Soccer: It isn't quite perfect, but the latest FIFA game is a refreshing and compelling step ahead in a series that's known for its quality. As we've seen both in 1998 and this year, EA Sports generally tries to take full advantage of the World Cu...
Knight Rider 2 PC Racing Game (Direct play) Free Download Knight Rider 2 Davilex Games today announced that Knight Rider 2: The Game will be released on PlayStation2 and PC."Turbo boosted with more special effects, dialogue, in-game animations and chest hunkin' action, players must use all the thrilling features ...
WatchMen The End is Nigh 2 Game Free Download Full Version The End Is Nigh serves up light beat-'em-up fare with a Watchmen flavor. Those hungry for anything substantial will be disappointed. With all the critical acclaim for the Watchmen comic series and all the hype surrounding the new movie adaptation, it's poss...
The House of the Dead 1 PC Game Full Version Free Download The House of the Dead is a rail shooter light gun game. Players use a light gun (or mouse, in the PC version) to aim and shoot at approaching enemies. The characters' pistols use magazines which hold 6 rounds; players are required to reload after using each...
The House of the Dead 1 PC Game Full Version Free Download The House of the Dead is a rail shooter light gun game. Players use a light gun (or mouse, in the PC version) to aim and shoot at approaching enemies. The characters' pistols use magazines which hold 6 rounds; players are required to reload after using each...
Commandos 3 Men of Courage PC Game Full Version Free Download Commandos 2 Men of Courage It can't be recommended over the PC version, let alone wholly recommended in its own right, except to those looking for an extremely tough PS2 action strategy game. The direct approach isn't always the best approach--this concep...
Saints Row IV PC Game Free Download Saints Row IV is an action-adventure video game set in an open world environment. It is developed by Volition, Inc. and published by Deep Silver. It was released for Microsoft Windows, PlayStation 3 and Xbox 360. It is the fourth installment in the Saints R...
Jurassic Park Operation Genesis Free Download Jurassic Park Operation Genesis is an enjoyable game that should appeal to dinosaur buffs and park simulation fans alike, thanks to its attractive graphics engine, unique features, and surprising gameplay depth. Amusement park simulations are among the be...
The Plan PC Game Free Download The Plan (stylized as Th3 Plan) is a stealth Action Game Action game which was developed by Eko System, produced by Monte Cristo Multimedia. The game was released for PlayStation 2 and Microsoft Windows on March 31, 2006 in Europe and on April 17, 2007 for ...
Scarface The World is Yours PC Game Full Version Free Download Scarface - The World is Yours Once you get over the whole rewriting-the-end-of-the-movie thing, Scarface: The World Is Yours is a competent but usually uninteresting action game. Hey, remember the movie Scarface? How about that ending, with Tony Montana t...
Commandos 2 Beyond The Call of Duty incl Cheats Free Download Commandos 2 Beyond the Call of Duty ends up feeling like a shadow of its former self, being both shorter and more frustrating than the original. Just about every good game gets an expansion pack or a sequel, not just because it's profitable, but because it'...
Delta Force 2 PC Game Full Version Free Download Delta Force 2 It will keep you on the edge of your seat and tuned to the action at all times. n the original Delta Force, you played as a soldier in the US Army's elite commando and counterterrorist military force. The game overcame its graphical shortcomin...
Delta Force 1 PC Game Full Version Free Download Delta Force 1 If ever there was a game that proved the value of gameplay over graphics, it's Delta Force. At first glance, NovaLogic's Delta Force doesn't look like the sort of action game you might expect to see here at the tail end of 1998. After all, a ...
Need for Speed 5 Porsche Unleashed PC Game Full Version Free Download Need for Speed 5 : Porsche Unleashed possesses one of the worst collision-detection routines ever seen in a racing game. Need for Speed: Porsche Unleashed strays from several conventions previously established by the popular arcade-style exotic-car racing s...
Need for Speed 4 High Stakes PC Game Full Version Free Download Need for Speed 4 High Stakes: It plays very much like Need for Speed 4, but with some extra play modes and one big added feature . I reviewed Need for Speed 4 more than a few months ago and loved the game. It had a few shortcomings, but they were minor and ...
Need for Speed 4 High Stakes PC Game Full Version Free Download Need for Speed 4 High Stakes: It plays very much like Need for Speed 4, but with some extra play modes and one big added feature . I reviewed Need for Speed 4 more than a few months ago and loved the game. It had a few shortcomings, but they were minor and ...
Need for Speed 3 Hot Pursuit PC Game Full Version Free Download Need for Speed 3 Hot Pursuit : Not only is the latest Need for Speed miles ahead of the last NFS game, but it approaches (and dare I say surpasses?), the best of the consoles in terms of sheer fun and speed. I don't usually play racing games on the PC. Eith...
Army Men RTS PC Game Full Version Free Download Army Men RTS: does a good job of creating a real-time strategy game based on the classic line of plastic toys. The Army Men franchise has been very successful for 3DO over the years, yet few Army Men games since the original have made it to the PC. It was p...
