New clothes for Sony Xperia E ! Your old or broken Xperia E will become "brand new". #xperiae OEM Full Cover Housing Replacement Parts for Sony Xperia E
Tempered Glass Screen Protector for Samsung Galaxy Note 3 ! #tamperedglass #note3 Note 3 features a 5.7" huge screen ! A tempered glass screen protector will offer maximum protection to the display of Galaxy Note 3. Who care the heavy impact ~~
Are you a Oneographer? Follow us & tag your best Instagram shots. We re-post our favorites from around the world.
Motorola has rolled out a Migrate tool on Moto Maker that aims to simplify the process of switching from iOS to the Moto X by transferring iCloud calendar and contact data. When was the last time that you switched platforms? Was it a smooth transition or did you run into some bumps?
OEM Full Cover Housing Replacement Parts for Samsung Galaxy Ace 2 GT-I8160 If your precious Samsung Galaxy Ace 2 GT-I8160 is old or broken, an OEM Full Cover Housing is ready for you here. You will be surprised by the "brand new " Galaxy Ace 2 GT-I8160 after replace the old full cover housing. #samsunggalaxyace2 #galaxyace2 #GTI18160 #replacementparts
The android car with 4.4 kit kat
Where does good battery life rank on your list of "Most Importants" to have in a smartphone? High, low? What are your most important features to have?
Where is the Nexus 5 ? #nexus5 LG & Google Nexus 5 hasn't been announced officially on 15th October although it was once rumored. We still expect the news at the end of this month. New rumor about its price leaks on line. 16GB model :$399 (about £250, AU$420) 32GB model :$449 (about £280, AU$472)
LG is mocking Apple, Samsung and HTC with G2 ads that appear directly on iPhone, Galaxy and HTC handsets: . by + Chris Smith #LG #Apple #Samsung #HTC #Ads
Where 's the battery of HTC ONE Max ? #htconemax
Ultra Thin Flip Stand Case for Apple iPhone 5S #Iphone #Iphone5s Combining flexible PU(front) and glossy PC(back) , this case will protect your iPhone 5s well. Creative design upgrade your iPhone 5s . #Iphone5scase
Leaked Photos of LG’s Curved 6-Inch Smartphone Surface Online. I don't see this being comfortable to use.
There are some things about animals you don't know . #animal #animallovers #funny
Lol luv the t Rex little arm jokes!
Xperia Z1 Mini now official in Japan ! Specifications of Xperia Z1Mini gather together ~ #so02f #xperiaz1mini #xperiaz1f #sonyxperia
Rumor : 1.Sony Xperia Z1 will skip Android 4.3 Jelly Bean update and jump straight to Android 4.4 Kit Kat. 2. Sony Xperia SP will skip Android 4.2.2 Jelly Bean and jump straight to Android 4.3 Jelly Bean. #xperiaz1 #xperiasp
News : After news about mass production of LG flexible display for smartphone, LG has announced its curved batteries for smartphones. It is said the first smartphone of LG with a flexible curved display and a curved battery will show up in November 2013 . #lgcurvedsmartphone #curvedbattery
(Rumor) Apple will unveil the latest iPad --- "iPad Mini 2" on 22 October 2013 . #apple #Ipad #ipadmini2
It is the first curved display of Samsung in rumor . "Galaxy Round" ! #galaxyround
Can you name all the colorful HTCs here?
I ordered a Glass-M tempered screen protector for my Note2, I ordered this from Witrigs in China, it arrived today. Not sure how they call this tempered glass as it appears to me to be plastic with a hardness of H9. I will say that this is the easiest screen protector I have put on. Cleaned the screen with a lens cleaner wipe then I with the included alcohol wipe, I then went over the screen with the included dust magnet. Having already test fitted the screen protector with the Home key being the best alignment point. Pulled the back protective sheet off and aligned the sheet and the home key, laid it down on the screen and almost immediately the glue started running, still pressed the center as per instructions. Yes I did read the directions. Used the included squeegee to remove a couple of small bubbles, then wiped the screen with the included micro cloth. Now it's time to pull off the top protective sheet. The screen is now as clear as the original before the application of the screen protector. The S-Pen works fine, screens swipe fine, so far there are no issues. Doesn't appear to be a fingerprint magnet. Didn't have any bright sun to test it in but it doesn't appear that it will rainbow. The screen protector is short cut so I don't see that there would be any issues with any cases, you can see the screen protector and the Home key is recessed just a little, doesn't seem to be an issue. First impressions of the Glass-M Tempered Glass screen protector is good for the price of $15 shipped it's definitely worth getting and making up your mind.
The Samsung Galaxy Round has been announced, finally putting an end to all the curved screen rumors. It comes packing a delightful list of specs and a 5.7-inch, 1080p, curved display. Read more here: By + Joseph Hindy
