Sony Clarifies the PS4 'Red Line Of Death' Red line of death appears on PS4 when the unit overheats.
Sony Clarifies the PS4 'Red Line Of Death' Red line of death appears on PS4 when the unit overheats.
Cataclysm now included in World of Warcraft package Cataclysm, the third expansion of World of Warcraft will be included in the World of Warcraft package for $19.99.
Will iPad 5 have the Same Colors as iPhone 5s? With the latest iPhones launched in September, more than 9 million units have been sold out in the first week, which is a success for Apple. Now, the company has been ready to move on to their next set of hardware later this month. It should come as no surprise that Apple is working to meet a deadline for the announcement of their newest line of products.
Another MMORPG Onigiri Comes to PS4 According to the Japanese developer Cyberstep, the free to play MMORPG Onigiri will also come to PS4. This game has already had a PC version.
How Battlefield 4 should look at 900p & 720p on PS4 and Xbox One It has been rumored a lot that Battlefield 4 will run at a resolution of 720p on Xbox One and PS4, but according to EA DICE, the final resolution isn’t yet finalized, and that they plan to have the same resolution on both next generation consoles.
When will Blade & Soul Come to Western Countries? You guys haven’t forgotten NCSoft’s fantasy martial arts MMORPG Blade & Soul, have you? I believe most fans are still waiting for the game’s western release. Will this title see the light of day?
Diablo 3 'Infernal Helm' add-on launches now Players can now download Diablo 3 "Infernal Helm" add-on on the Xbox LIVE Marketplace. It’s only available via PlayStation 3 or Xbox 360 pre-orders through select retailers.
PS4 Mobile App to Release on Vita in Next Update It has been announced that the PlayStation App linking mobile devices to PS4 will come to Vita in next update.
It's My New Favorite Thing to See 100 Cars Exploding in GTA V
Injustice: Gods Among Us to Release on PS4, PS Vita in November According to Sony, Injustice: Gods Among Us Ultimate Edition will come to PlayStation 3, PlayStation 4, PlayStation Vita, PC, and Xbox 360 on November 12
5PB Games Announces Constant C on XBOX LIVE Arcade for Release in Spring 2014 5PB Games / Mages, publisher of interactive software, announced that they are publishing IGS’s puzzle-platform game, Constant C on Xbox LIVE® Arcade for the Xbox 360® video game and entertainment system for release in the Spring of 2014.
Call of Duty: Ghosts-New Mode Called Extinction Probably Coming According to the new information dug out by DriftOr, a new mode called Extinction may come to Call of Duty: Ghosts.
SCEGives Explanation on PS4’s Five Million Sales Target A sales target for the PS4was announced by Sony Computer Entertainment President Andrew House during the Tokyo Game Show.
Nintendo to carry out Wii U backup for MonoGame Framework The MonoGame Framework which is used on games such as Bastion and Fez will come to Wii U.
Michael De Santa in Grand Theft Auto V appeared in Boardwalk Empire Lending the voice in Grand Theft Auto V for Michael De Santa, Ned Luke showed up in the new episode of “All In” - HBO’s Boardwalk Empire this past weekend.
Latest Updates on GTA Online Issues Below is the latest update on the GTA Online launch issues at the game’s official site. Take a look. Question: I'm having problems getting into GTA Online! Is there a list of issues Rockstar is looking into, so I can stay informed about the status of fixes for known launch issues? Answer: We will be updating this page as often as possible with the status of issues we are aware of and looking into.
Microsoft Announced to Increase Xbox One GPU Clockspeed According to Microsoft, it’s not difficult to decide to increase the power of the Xbox One. When Microsoft decided to increase the clockspeed of the Xbox One’s GPU, most educated onlookers assumed it was to combat the more powerful PlayStation 4. Side-by-side comparisons told the tale of a cheaper, less-restricted Sony console with a lower asking price, so Microsoft had to make some sort of move to quell the doubters. However, Microsoft creative director Ken Lobb claims that sharpening up the performance of a console less than a year before release is absolutely normal, and his company made this call only because it could.
Valve Releases Stream Controller-Playing PC Games in Your Living Room The controller, which will be sent out to 300 consumers this year as part of the Steam Machines beta test, features a total of 16 buttons, a touch screen and a pair of trackpads with haptic feedback.
Will GTA 5 be Exclusive for PS4 among Next-gen Consoles? Obviously there is one big assumption I’m making. Dare I say that Rockstar will be releasing more versions of GTA V? Dare to argue that?
5 Controversies in GTA Games It’s not strange for us to get a controversy in the Grand Theft Auto series. Some gamers even try to find it. Rockstar Games appears to be well aware that you can bring in more heads with controversy than praise though the firm knows how to use that to its advantage.
How do the Internet Users React to Valve's Steam Controller? Valve just announced its Steam controller. Now, the online gaming communities everywhere are buzzing about it. Let’s see how the Internet users react.
The Last of Us DLC Plans Announced According to Naughty Dog, the first of three planned downloadable content releases for The Last of Us season pass holders is the ‘Abandoned Territories’ map pack.
GTA IV Better than GTA V in Five Aspects Needless to say, we love Grand Theft Auto V. We have tried our best to guide you to play the game in less than a week. You can find those guides in our earlier posts. Despite all of this, we think Grand Theft Auto V doesn’t do the same well as GTA IV in some aspects. See the details below:
Steam Controller Unveiled by Valve The Steam Controller has just been unveiled by Valve. It’s a different kind of gamepad.
New Screenshots of PlayStation 4 User Interface Some new screenshots of the PlayStation 4 user interface have just been released by Sony.
Super game fan!!!!haha~everytime with the gamepad!haha~
Most Anticipated Games During the Rest of 2013(Post GTA V) 2013 is a real gaming’s banner year with dozens of great game releases. And without any doubt, one video game has overshadowed just about every other game that has hit shelves this year - Grand Theft Auto V.
Guild Wars 2 will Attend the Upcoming Eurogamer Expo 2013 Good news! The Guild Wars 2 team will be present at the upcoming Eurogamer Expo in London. It will also show us some untold content about the next patch Twilight Assault at the show.
S3 World Championship quarter-final report (III): GAB lost,Korean teams advanced to semi-final The second day matches of S3 World Championship quarter-final have ended today. Before the match, GAB showed in public that they would regain the former glory of TPA, and they announced that it’s highly possible that they won the championship once they defeated SKT T1. But in fact, they were beat badly by SKT in two matches and the latter won the match with big score.
WCS Europe Round of 16 Groups Announced The next group stage for EU Premier League will start on September 24 at 9 a.m. PDT. The matches will be available on Starcraft2.com/wcs. The four groups of four competitors for this group stage have been announced, accounting for the 16 spots in WCS Europe. 10 foreign players are included.
Official Tips on GTA V Vehicle-stealing Bug Question: My car is gone after I upgraded my car and completed a mission. What the hell is wrong? Question: I've lost some of my upgrades after completing some missions and then checking my garage. What should I do? Answers:
