Sony Xperia Z1 - All Set for Pixel Wars ! These days all eyes are set on the recent launch of the Sony Xperia Z1 which boasts of many brilliant pictures including the 20.7 MP Exmor RS camera, which is catching everyone attention. Even though Xperia Z was also a well received smartphone by the...
MS CRM Online Organization - Everything about Transition Phases ! The portal and billing platform of Microsoft Dynamics are together referred to as Microsoft online services environment. The design of this environment helps in streamlining and improving the experience of customers across all online services of Micro...
JnJ Duroflex Mattresses Showroom ! There are two Varieties of Mattresses you can choose from . . Rubberized Coir Mattresses & Spring Mattresses Please Check the following Post :- And for Details & Location follow this link:- Click Here
Soft-O-Plus SOFT-O-PLUS MATTRESSES The mattress core consists of imported German Bonnel springs meshed with each other with layers of rubberised coir above and below. The mattress has a PUF layer all around it with a jacquard PUF quilting to cover the top and bot...
Super Deluxe SUPER DELUXE MATTRESSES The construction has a Bonnel spring inner core enveloped with by two layers of rubberised coir on top and bottom. The mattress is upholstered with thick jacquard cloth quilting on all sides. This is a reversible mattress.
Latex-O-Plus LATEX-O-PLUS MATTRESSES The construction has a Bonnel spring inner core enveloped with by two layers of rubberised coir on top and bottom. The mattress is upholstered with thick jacquard cloth quilting on all sides. This is a reversible mattress.
Deluxe DELUXE MATTRESSES The mattress core consists of imported German Bonnel springs meshed with each other with layers of rubberised coir above and below. The mattress has a PUF layer all around it with a jacquard PUF quilting to cover the top and bottom. ...
Deluxe Pillow Top DELUXE PILLOW TOP MATTRESSES This mattress has a Bonnel spring inner core, with two layers of rubberised coir on top and bottom. The sides have a layer of PUF. The top and bottom of this reversible mattress also have a thick layer of specially padded ...
Rubberised Coir mattresses Rubberized Coir mattresses are a combination of natural materials like coconut fiber and natural rubber. The combination creates a sheet that provides natural comfort, firm support, allows for air circulation and is non-absorbent. Comes in 7 Var...
Premium PREMIUM MATTRESSES This mattress has two layers. rubberised coir topped by a layer of polyurethane foam. The PUF layer provides the cushioning while the rubberised coir provides the firmness.
Kwilt KWILT MATTRESSES This mattress has a layer of flexi - PUF quilting and a layer of rubberised coir. This quilted mattress is a favorite for both comfort and durability.
Golden Plus GOLDEN PLUS MATTRESSES The mattress has a bonded foam core with layers of rubberised coir on the top and bottom of the mattress. It also has a layer of flexi - PUF quilting both on top and below. This is the double-sided mattress with extra back support and...
Crown Regular CROWN REGULAR MATTRESSES The construction of this mattress incorporates flexi - PUF quilting, bonded foam, rubberised coir and flexi-PUF. This mattress is often called the 2-in-1 mattress as it provides extra support from the bonded foam with a designed qui...
Crown Ortho CROWN ORTHO MATTRESSES This construction has of thick layer of bonded foam and rubberised coir, with layers of flexi - PUF quilting both on the top and bottom of the mattress. This is a total support mattress, reinforced and firm, with designed quilti...
Bodyline BODYLINE MATTRESSES This mattress is topped using a layer of natural pincore latex foam and layer of rubberized coir furnished with 100% natural viscous cloth . This is the green mattress that uses completely natural products, eco-friendly and comfort...
Bliss BLISS MATTRESSES This mattress has a layer of flexi - PUF quilting, a layer of bonded foam and one of rubberized coir. This is a supportive mattress, with extra firmness and a fancy quilted cover.
Sony Xperia Z1 - All Set for Pixel Wars ! These days all eyes are set on the recent launch of the Sony Xperia Z1 which boasts of many brilliant pictures including the 20.7 MP Exmor RS camera, which is catching everyone attention. Even though Xperia Z was also a well received smartphone by the...
How To Monitor And Block Visited Websites ! If you are responsible for a family or office computer, and you want to limit the use of the internet on it, there are a variety of programs you can use to help you do this. If you have young children that are just starting to use the internet, you ...
Cloud Computing vs Virtualization - Differences and Inter-Dependence ! Despite a lot being spoken and written about cloud computing, a vast number of people do not have clarity on what it is all about. Cloud computing and virtualization are often mistaken to be the same; however, these are fundamentally two different I...
Top 5 Android Apps Which Help You Increase Your Battery Life Have you ever found yourself wishing if only the battery of your Android phone could last longer? Well here is my opinion; below are the 5 Best Android apps which help you increase our battery Life. These aren’t an average power saving apps — we’re ...
HTC Desire X Dual SIM Specs & Price in India HTC has emerged as an esteemed and highly efficient brand and holds an improved position in the mobile industry. Merging the finest technologies with highly innovative features and great functionality, HTC Smartphones are nowhere less than a wonder....
Compare Mobile Broadband Plans For Smartphones ! The internet connection is an essential need for every household, office or any establishment. It provides people with information and co...
Getting More from Sony Xperia M - Tips and Tricks ! Sony’s Xperia M is getting a lot of attention since its launch. The device marks Sony’s foray into budget segment after launc...
