When will you guys be disclosing more information about the full frame NEX?
Why does one need an electronic viewfinder in addition to the screen that had to be present on any digital camera?
So I have come to the conclusion that ALL launcher apps are useless. Just stick to the default launcher your phone came with and you'll do just fine!
"Small camera, big dreams: Sony's full-frame Alpha 7 and 7R are here to kill your DSLR"
"Spec Sheet: Sony's Alpha 7 and 7R try to shake up the full frame camera market"
Barbie without makeup Makeup really makes the difference.
"Small camera, big dreams: Sony's full-frame Alpha 7 and 7R are here to kill your DSLR"
E-mount cameras with a full frame image sensor? They exist, and we're giving you guys an exclusive first look! Watch below.
78MB of the finest wallpapers for your Androids
It is! I'm loving my new phone. The largeness of this phone dies come with some excellent Perks
Wow. Another awesome shot of the Antares / Cygnus New York launch from last month.. #NASA #SpaceX
Galaxy Note 3 battery performance - after having the s-health pedometer ON all day
Yes +Colin, I was mildly concerned about the battery life before buying this but now I'm very very happy
What are you using currently? And are you considering any other phone than this?
Cool. This is my first note device and I'm loving it.
"Which Way Should the Toilet Paper Roll?"
Yes. He does in fact unroll it very fast. Thank you for showing me the way ;)
Nice joke I found in the G+ stream of + Diego Torres Milano
I knew this already
The benefits of being short is that you can do this prank
This is 40 million dollars worth of the new 100 dollar bills under heavy security at the Houston Federal Reserve. SEE MORE: [Photo: Janet Shamlian]
We're revisiting some of our best ever road trips to celebrate 20 years of Top Gear mag. Like this: riding shotgun in the mighty roofless Veyron Vitesse… Full story at the link
Funny and true
New York City - Broadway Impressions New York City - The City That Never Sleeps In the middle of the night you can see the vibrant heart of New York. It continuously pumps life through the veins of the city. Everything is in constant motion. It never rests... Please view large and feel free to share! #new #york #newyork #broadway #city #ny #nyc #zouboulis #photography #lighttrails #urban #cityscape
This amazing magic pen may be the greatest time-waster ever created.
This is EVEN LARGER than galaxy note 3 - comes with no stylus AND the OS is called "color" (a fork of android 4.2) and the processor is snapdragon 600
This is how one should do a preview video. Even though I don't understand a single word he is saying, I got more out of just watching this video. I wish american english "journalists" would learn something from this
"We have what is takes to take what you have" -IRS
Why does one need an electronic viewfinder in addition to the screen that had to be present on any digital camera?
Why does one need an electronic viewfinder in addition to the screen that had to be present on any digital camera?
