Program Sony DVD Architect Studio to create DVD videos Program Sony DVD Architect Studio to create DVD videos where this program is one of the most important and best programs create DVD videos on the launch and this program is also strong programs in the field of industry and the establishment of DVD movies an...
Download Java Download Java for free - chat driver Java software allows you to run applications called " applications " that are written in the Java programming language . These applications allow you to get a much richer experience than just online interaction with static HTML pages . From this you can run...
Download Skype 2014 "Skype" Full Skype is a way to connect to canonical and Sky Pei provides services calls for free when you connect from one computer to another and at a discounted price so when you connect from a computer to a landline or mobile phone international or domestic , and off...
Download the program open and modify files compressed by WinRAR Unlock 1.1 Unlock and modify files compressed by WinRAR " Often we come across files compressed by WinRAR or other file compressors, but when we try to extract the contents of them are surprised by the request for a password. WinRAR Unlock was designed to unlock these...
PlayStation 4 to outsell Xbox One at the end of year The preference for the PlayStation 4 is large compared to Xbox One , according to a survey by Ipsos and Reuters on the purchase intention of the Americans at the end of the year . Sony's console should thus be the top seller at least in the first few months...
Program Sony DVD Architect Studio to create DVD videos Program Sony DVD Architect Studio to create DVD videos where this program is one of the most important and best programs create DVD videos on the launch and this program is also strong programs in the field of industry and the establishment of DVD movies an...
Six cars will be equipped with Chevrolet's personal assistant Siri, Apple The iPhone 's personal assistant , Siri , will reach the world of automobiles in 2014 . The tool is equipped with six new models from Chevrolet automaker through an embedded system called My Link , present in vehicles Camaro , Cruze, Equinox , Malibu , SS a...
Download EarthView program to see the earth from space Download EarthView program to see the earth from space Download the best software to watch anywhere you want to see in the whole world program used by millions around the world EarthView program allows you to watch the planet from outer space via satellite ...
Download WinRAR 5.00 decode compressed files Compress and manage files with one of the most famous software available on the market WinRAR is an excellent program for compression and decompression of files. In active since 1993 , WinRAR RAR format established in the industry and is today the compresso...
Download the program Ashampoo Anti-Virus 2014 to protect against viruses Download the program Ashampoo Anti-Virus 2014 for protection from viruses Download the best new program of its kind to combat all kinds of Ante virus program Ashampoo Anti-Virus which is one of the powerful protection programs and next a strongly integrated...
The best easter eggs hidden in GTA V Already more than proved that Grand Theft Auto V is an absolute success . He has made ​​the stock value of his production rise, it has become the biggest game launch in history , and earned about U.S. $ 1.8 billion in just the first day of sales . Interesti...
Download Mizo! 2.0.0.8 "A set of utilities for basic needs" Mizo! is a small but powerful free application can add to your operating system a multitude of tools and options. It is a program that offers a true multi-tasking truck options and possibilities, such as convert your fav...
Apple breaks reign of Coca-Cola and becomes the most valuable brand in the world The reign of 13 years of Coca-Cola as the most valuable brand in the world is finally over, according to the report "Best Global Brands" by Interbrand. The beverage company was finally overtaken by Apple, which takes the first place in a ranking dominated b...
IOS 7.0.2 update fixes a bug, but creates another Like most releases, shortly after going public, iOS 7 started to have some bugs. Silently, Apple released a minor update to iOS 7.0.2, to fix a vulnerability found mainly on the lock screen, allowing performing any connection without entering the password p...
McAfee talks about new trends in corporate security Security firm McAfee promoted on Tuesday ( 15 ) a meeting with reporters to discuss what are the main trends to corporate security in the coming years, according to research findings from the company itself . The themes were discussed during the annual conf...
Microsoft creates headset that picks music according to the user's health Microsoft is developing a new type of headphones that detect what song best suited to the user's mood at that moment . The project is called Septimu , and is conducted by Microsoft Research lab research . According to the team of scientists , the accessory ...
Facebook allows advertisers to reach people who visited their sites Facebook announced new ways for advertisers to reach people who visited their sites or apps and display ads to these users . The tool is now being gradually released to the partner site . Imagine you go into a Facebook app and start customizing a bike you w...
Understand what you can change with a possible sale of TIM Earlier this week , the group Telefónica has reached an agreement to increase its stake in Telco , the holding company that controls Telecom Italia , in what could be ensuring the company 's largest shareholder Telecom Italia . Telefonica is a Spanish compa...
Service is expensive, but Brazil has little profit margin in telecommunications Despite having the highest rate of mobile phone in the world, Brazil is a country where the profit margin of the telecommunications industry is one of the lowest , according to a survey of the Economic Value . Based on data from 2009 to 2012 , the average t...
Download Need For Speed: Underground Underground was a milestone in dedicated racing series Need for Speed ​​, Electronic Arts. This release marks the adoption of tuning and racing in the best style "Fast and Furious " with hot cars and illegal night races on circuits of large urban cities , w...
BlackBerry Announces BlackBerry Enterprise Services for Android and iOS At an event held today in Sao Paulo, the BlackBerry has announced support for the BlackBerry Enterprise Services for Android and iOS. Once restricted to only the Z10 and Q10 Blackberrys, BES divides the smartphone in the personal area, where the user is in ...
Auslogics BoostSpeed 6.3.1.0 [+ Portable] [UL-ZS] - AusLogics BoostSpeed ​​the ideal solution to keep your PC running faster , cleaner and error-free . This powerful optimization suite will boost Internet connections , tweak Windows to its peak performance , clean registry and block annoying ads. It's a gr...
In a letter to customers says BlackBerry will not close After months of changes in direction , the BlackBerry this week released a letter that informs the customers , shareholders and partners that the company will not close . The company said that the period of great change over and asks that consumers do not l...
Ares Galaxy 2.2.5.3049 free download "Sharer files with free quick searches and an embedded player" Ares, also known as Ares Galaxy, is a compatilhador file that uses a decentralized network, allowing you to find files, video and music users around the world. Put your files directly on the Are...
Download Google Talk 1.0.0.105 The Google Talk program is one of the most powerful and famous chat programs at all where you can easily exchange text messages with your friends. "Converse via texto e voz com o GTalk, comunicador instantâneo da Google" O Google Talk é um programa flexível...
Download Program Free PDF to Word Converter Easiest way to convert PDF document to rtf and doc formats Free PDF to Word Converter is a free and easy program to convert pdf files to word doc One of the best free programs in the world to convert pdf to word. Now about your pdf files to word Free PD...
Download Blaze Audio Voice Cloak Blaze Audio Voice Cloak - change the sound on your line to something completely different Would متعا be if you can change the sound on your line to something completely different, change the voice of male to female and vice versa, or even have a voice stra...
Microsoft Issues Windows XP Death Reminder Ahead of Windows 8.1 Launch Microsoft is getting ready to launch the new Windows 8.1, but the company can’t ignoreWindows XP users, as the ancient platform will be retired on April 8, 2014. Redmond has now launched a new reminder aimed at enterprises, trying to explain once again that...
Vodafone UK Confirms HTC One max Exclusivity Today, UK wireless carrier Vodafone has officially confirmed plans to make the HTC One max smartphone available for purchase on its network, and has announced exclusivity on the device. The operator also unveiled plans to add the Android 4.3-based phone ...
Tencent micro-channel weixin (QQ micro-channel) 2.0 audio version for Android1.5 Still using only monotonous texting fetion do? Then you out of! Now, there is a new gadget, both send photos can send free SMS, its name in the ordinary with fashion - micro-channel! Tencent micro-channel service, to bring you a new experience of mobile ins...
Download Clone DVD 4.01 Clone DVD 4.01 is a great software for copying DVD’s and will easily remove all protections that are implemented on DVD that you are trying to copy and lets you to copy movies from DVD without any restrictions. This software can remove CSS, RC, RCE, UOPs an...
Download VueScan 9.0.59 VueScan is an scanning software that will work with large number of scanners that are used for high quality flatbed and film scanning. When combined you will get high quality scans with great color balance and fidelity. Even VueScan is packed with advanced ...
Android Injector 2.0 Download now When it comes to Android OS we can say that it has a large number of users and that its number goes significantly up every day. At this moment this is a leading OS when it comes to mobile devices like smrtphones, tablet devices and similar. Installing app...
WebShot 1.9.2.1 free download One of the main advantages that Internet offers is the possibility to access large amounts of information’s that you need. As we do not have access to the internet always it is good to have a tool that will allow us to download and save entire webpages and ...
Cinnamon 2.0 in Ubuntu 13.10 Screenshot Tour Cinnamon 2.0, a fork of GNOME 3 desktop environment, developed by Clement Lefebvre, the father of Linux Mint, has been released to critical acclaim and now you have a chance to see it working in Ubuntu 13.10. The biggest news about the new version of Cinnam...
China's Huawei rules out large acquisitions: report China's Huawei, one of the world's largest telecoms network infrastructure providers, is not planning any large takeovers because it would be unable to integrate them, Deputy Chairman Guo Ping was reported as saying in German paper Welt am Sonntag. Ping, on...
Festival of open houses taps San Francisco's tech startup allure New York-based entrepreneur Caleb Gandara came to San Francisco this week and managed a rare feat: he spent half a day roaming the offices of hot startups DropBox, Cloudera and Sidecar, chatting up executives at will. Gandara was one of 3,700 people who sig...
Cyber warrior shortage hits anti-hacker fightback Reuters) - For the governments and corporations facing increasing computer attacks, the biggest challenge is finding the right cyber warriors to fight back. Hostile computer activity from spies, saboteurs, competitors and criminals has spawned a growing ind...
Twitter pays engineer $10 million as Silicon Valley tussles for talent Among Twitter Inc's highest-paid executives, Christopher Fry's name stands out. The senior vice president of engineering raked in $10.3 million last year, just behind Twitter Chief Executive Dick Costolo's $11.5 million, according to Twitter's IPO documents...
Twitter pays engineer $10 million as Silicon Valley tussles for talent Among Twitter Inc's highest-paid executives, Christopher Fry's name stands out. The senior vice president of engineering raked in $10.3 million last year, just behind Twitter Chief Executive Dick Costolo's $11.5 million, according to Twitter's IPO documents...
Google will soon use your comments, ratings and photos for 'Shared Endorsements' ads Google on Friday updated its terms of service such that the search giant will soon be able to use your name, photos and comments as product endorsements for ads shown across the Internet. Content will be gathered from the company’s various online products i...
