It's a tough choice + Tommy Clark I think I will be sticking with my canon 5d mark iii for a while, when + Trey Ratcliff did his Photowalk in Brisbane I was along side him when we both were taking photos of the water and light show. Once I got back home I compared my photos ( canon 5d mark iii with a zeiss 50mm f2 lens ) with Treys photo (sony nex 7 ) and the canon 5d mark iii won hands down for quality and overall look.
That truly is a taste of heaven, well done
Beautiful capture + Tommy Clark the feeling of warmth in the grass makes want to sit there and watch the world go by. I think your words work perfectly with your photo, do you write much poetry ?
I love this image so much, it reminds me of my favorite movie Gladiator
Beautiful colours, I love how the grass has a dreamy look to it.
+ Tommy Clark one of you best shots in my eyes, you truly have a way with words that we can all learn from . A very wise man indeed.
I have been thinking of joining flickr, in you honest option would you recommend it ?
So beautiful the sun really brings out the detail. The way you write about these image is truly inspiring. I wish I had your gift.
Another great capture
Truly amazing + Tommy Clark I think hands down one of your best photos to have taken, I love the colours and warmth of the photo, well done
I belong to a few google + communities but this one would have to be the most friendliest and best community for sharing your work. Thank you + Tommy Clark for all of your hard work in keeping this community running so well and thank you for commenting on so many people's photos.
A big thank you to + Robert Glöckner and + constantin simionica for the hard work you put into this community. I love this community so much because everyone is so happy to share their masterpieces.
I love this image the whole city looks like it is on fire
What an incredible image mate, well done did it take you awhile to edit ?
Well I tell you what that hour of editing was well worth it. Looks great on my big Mac screen too.
I really love this one + Tommy Clark the clouds are something else, great capture
Well done mate you deserve it, your photography is stunning
What amazing place, I really love the fact that you didn't shoot down the middle. It really makes it more interesting, well done
It's a tough choice + Tommy Clark I think I will be sticking with my canon 5d mark iii for a while, when + Trey Ratcliff did his Photowalk in Brisbane I was along side him when we both were taking photos of the water and light show. Once I got back home I compared my photos ( canon 5d mark iii with a zeiss 50mm f2 lens ) with Treys photo (sony nex 7 ) and the canon 5d mark iii won hands down for quality and overall look.
