Here are the just-announced + Sony Alpha 7 and 7R mirrorless full-frame cameras.
And the insult of the year goes to... Jon Stewart who called Romney a "historical footnote." #romney #jonstewart #burn
Remember the Google Play News rumor? It's now called Google Play Newsstand, and it's getting closer.
At first we were all like . And then we were like .
GOOG is up $62 (7%) afterhours. Looks like people liked what + Google reported for Q3. That's a new all-time high of around $950 for GOOG. I'm sure they're stoked. https://www.google.com/finance?q=NASDAQ:GOOG
+ Ron Amadeo , this one's for you, baby.
Care for an early look at the upcoming Play Store app for Android, version 4.4? Here you go. Say hello to slide-out navigation. Bonus rumor is included at the end.
+ Nick Vitone So far: this and Google Glass post from this morning. Both exciting.
+ Arpit Patel First thing I did was check for it, but nada.
+ Peter Doughman The rest of the UI, outside the nav menu, may change dramatically before it's released. Keep that in mind.
+ Carlos Pereira That's the same functionality we already have.
+ Francisco Sumohano Chibrás You have to slide from the outside of the left edge to see the menu. This is not a problem.
Best pair of boxers ever? I'd buy these. The question is: where?
Doesn't make me want them any less!
Here are the just-announced + Sony Alpha 7 and 7R mirrorless full-frame cameras.
And the RX10 Sony RX10 camera unveiled, get the first look
Pretty excited about tomorrow. (No, I don't know when Kitkat or Nexus 5 are getting released - luckily, these aren't the only things we can break news about.) #tooexcitedtosleep
+ Prem Suraj Actually, yes, but that's not what I was talking about. As for Sony, as + Vic Gundotra said, the new cameras might be exactly what the doctor prescribed to finally upgrade to from the T2i.
+ Romain Bardiau All Google, all the time.
How's everyone enjoying their Android 4.4? Oh, that's right. CNET, the source of this rumor, tricked most publications with their false confidence. But that's not what annoys me the most. What really grinds my gears is their original title, which they changed after everyone was done sourcing them more than a full day later. Original story, published October 10th, which mentions rumors in the body but definitively states that both the Nexus 5 and KitKat are set for October 15th: Google Nexus 5 and Android KitKat set for 15 October . This story tricked most everyone who only read the headline, including even + Marques Brownlee , who would never otherwise post a rumor as a fact. The current story, updated on October 11th or 12th, conveniently adding "Report:" to the title in an attempt to shift the blame to the fact that it was and has always, in fact, been a rumor: . Great reporting there, + CNET !
+ Jean-Baptiste Quéru What did Android engineers think of our shenanigans - apk teardowns, early leaks of stuff, like Gmail last year, GTKA, Stock Android isn't perfect, etc? I'd be lying if I said I didn't want to be a fly on that wall.
+ Karl Ramstedt It's a comment in this very thread.
TechCrunch getting redesigned. Curious what they came up with this time.
Every day, these rumors get more and more ridiculous. People are just straight up making shit up now and everyone is going with it. Hidden messages are everywhere, in every image, word, or sound, no matter how unrelated or old it is. New rumor: Android 4.4 is going to be released October 16th or October 17th or October 18th or October 19th or October 20th or October 21st or October 22nd or October 23rd or October 24th or October 25th or October 26th or October 27th or October 28th or October 29th or October 30th or October 31st.* Why? Because random(). * Or later.
+ Arpit Patel Yes, I'm well aware of their trolling and the conclusions everyone and their mother are jumping to.
More hypebeasting based on nothing (which + Droid Life confirmed ) .
+ Thomas Zolynski Am I in there? I didn't look closely. I was just happy someone else has put together that table just to show how ridiculous all the rumors are.
I almost died laughing at this, and I'm only on the first paragraph. + David Ruddock 's best piece yet. h/t + Leo Laporte + Jeff Jarvis + Gina Trapani
+ Nick Vitone Just trying to get more info.
Hopefully, I'll never get to use this advice, but I'm sure as hell glad I read this thread.
+ Jeff Tompas I think the main fear is unmarked, undercover cars.
I'm starting to think Google will release an SDK preview ahead of the sources or any Nexuses and final KitKat features. Maybe this is what the rumors around the developer circles have been about regarding October 15th... That would make sense - Google has done this to the Honeycomb SDK before and the Cupcake SDK . "We encourage you to update your apps as soon as possible to provide your users the best experience on Android. To help you make the changes, we'll soon be providing the necessary SDK components for Android 4.4 that allow you to compile and test your changes on Android 4.4. Stay tuned! " - . The question remains - how soon?
I don't think it's ready quite yet. Even 2 weeks will do wonders for getting everything ready for prime time. Google has nothing to win by rushing here. October 14 is too early.
+ Scott Main + David Braun Re: . Can you please clarify whether the non-default SMS apps will be able to see the contents of the SMS messages or just be notified of SMS being received without the ability to read the text? It's a bit ambiguous and is causing a lot of confusion with developers right now.
+ Simon Janssens de Varebeke That is not what the post is stating though. Only one app will be able to write to the SMS db. All SMS apps will be able to see the incoming messages, but the question is just how much of the information they will get to see. + Abraham Williams That's precisely what I'm trying to figure out. SMS received notification + phone number only or all of the above + contents?
+ David Braun Thanks for clarifying that. In that case, can apps that don't have permission to write to the sms database send sms? If yes, then this doesn't help curb sms fraud, in which case, what is the reason for this change? If no, then I can see clear benefit as it will help stop fraudulent sms use. Thank you in advance for responding.
+ Thomas Zolynski That's what I'm trying to get to the bottom of. If sending is still possible without writing to the db, then this was simply a way for Google to publicize a hidden API and set some rules that would promote robustness in SMS db handling. In that case, I totally see this as Hangouts-related. It's kind of disappointing to hear that apps can send SMS without having write access to the SMS db, meaning these SMS can go out hidden. I mean, I kind of understand why that was done (if that's how sending SMS works), and since Google now blacklists some SMS prefixes to premium numbers, it's not as big of a problem ( ), but still...
+ Thomas Zolynski Excellent point. If Hangouts needs this to operate SMS, then support for SMS will be 4.4+ only.
I think + Lorenzo Quiroli is right, + Umar Yasin . The functionality is provided by the core OS, so Play Services wouldn't be able to change it, or at least that's now the way they chose to go with this.
+ David Loring That's not entirely true. For example, when I set Facebook Messenger to handle SMS right now, the default Messaging app no longer notifies me. So, it's definitely possible to have this work without duplicate notifications already.
+ Tim KH What does that tell me?
+ David Braun Forgetting all the previous questions, could you please confirm whether SMS apps are going to be able to send SMS without having write access to the SMS db?
Breaking news: this is the next Nexus, which we should probably start calling the Nexus 5 officially now, in a crystal clear 7-minute video.
+ Daniel Gray That's the first thing I mentioned in the post.
+ Daniel Gray According to the lockscreen, the video date is October 9.
+ David Monteiro I hope they release the dialer, yes.
+ Luke Monahan The more I think about it, the more it makes sense actually. Though I would have thought we would have seen it mentioned in more places. But it could be just a bundle marketing name that Google will promote on their end that's also exposed in the launcher name. As for the other guess, I doubt it, but anything is possible. Even Google's own settings right now don't use transparency, though that might be exactly how they want that set up for visual reasons.
Just found this song on Spotify (embedding SoundCloud though, since it's publicly accessible), and all I could think about listening to this song is + Koushik Dutta . I formally request it to be ratified as + Koushik Dutta 's official entry theme that starts blaring as soon as he walks into the + Cyanogen Inc. offices.
So you wave this gadget thing around any food and it accurately tells you the number of calories and the ingredients in it? I'm going to have to call bullshit on this. Am I missing something or they're just running a scam here?
+ Kit McLean Seriously. I slapped one on a remote but was never able to get it to work with my Note 2, after trying maybe 25 times on different days. What a POS.
Rumor #7 , also going straight to + Android Police : Location settings are getting revamped and finally - a history of location requests, a feature I've been dying to see ever since I started using Android.
+ Marzio Massari That's actually a stock feature when you plug in your headphones.
Just got this from EA: The Most Requested Feature Has Arrived in The Sims Freeplay – Teens! Throw Birthday Parties, Study at Sim Town High or Even Become a Teen Idol I want to meet the people who are requesting this stuff. And then slap them.
Windows users, do this. Especially if you're on an SSD that's low on space.
Wow, 2 Chris Lees at the same time. It's like you're talking to yourself. :P WinSxS is notoriously full of crap, and I'm not familiar with other tools that are able to clean it up reliably as it could damage Windows badly. So do what the article says, it's going to save you space no matter what tools you've used in the past.
I have several interesting rumors that I feel relatively confident about but either don't have visual evidence or a second confirmation, so I'm going to keep them to G+. I'll post roughly a rumor a day until I run out. Disclaimer: As with all rumors, nothing is 100% until it's officially announced. None of this may end up being true, though I have a good level of confidence in the sources. Rumor #6 . Google will launch the Devices section of the Play Store in Finland, Norway, and possibly other countries later this year. Italy was also planned but they managed to roll it out early ( ). Here's the currently supported country list: https://support.google.com/googleplay/answer/2462844 . Previous rumors: Rumor #1 : Rumor #2 : Rumor #3 : and Rumor #4 : Rumor #5 :
OK, this one is almost a deal-breaker for me. Turns out the Note 3 doesn't support the AC3 audio codec used by many video files - this is something that the Note 2 supported very well. That means the video player only plays the video and no audio for many of my video files. The reason most, if not all, aftermarket players suck is they have BT audio lag. Only the stock apps have ever worked flawlessly for me. The video app on the Note 2 was fantastic. Now, I can't play most of my stuff. A huge step back. According to : Note 3: MP3, AAC/AAC+/eAAC+, WMA, AMR-NB/WB, FLAC, WAV, Vorbis Note 2: MP3, AAC/AAC+/eAAC+, WMA, AMR-NB/WB, FLAC, WAV, MIDI, OGG, AC-3 + AT&T is even falsely advertising it with AC3 support: . God damnit. Update : I'm glad to report that MX Player seems to work in both S/W and the new H/W+ mode, but not H/W. I'm guessing H/W+ is best since it likely uses the hardware decoder for video and then throws in its own software decoder for audio. No BT lag this time, looks like the BT stack/implementation is finally up to snuff, or MX Player does its own audio shifting. Though, sometimes I do see lag, I'll have to do more testing.
+ Rabid Rotty See my note about aftermarket players. + Jeff McIntire I hope it's something they can actually do as opposed to being a flaw of the Snapdragon 800 vs Exynos.
+ Rabid Rotty I'm glad to report that MX Player seems to work in both S/W and the new H/W+ mode, but not H/W. I'm guessing H/W+ is best since it likely uses the hardware decoder for video and then throws in its own software decoder for audio. No BT lag this time, looks like the BT stack/implementation is finally up to snuff, or MX Player does its own audio shifting.
Though, sometimes I do see lag, I'll have to do more testing.
I was hoping to post one but I might skip a day due to some tight timing.
+ Giacomo Pegorer Absolutely. I'm guessing that's coming at some point.
+ Google Maps on the web is finally getting multiple destinations back. I've missed this feature so much!
After using the + Samsung Mobile USA + AT&T Note 3 for a bit under a week, here are some of my gripes. I am not going to talk about all the positives here - there are a lot of them, and I really like the Note 3, so here are the only few negatives I found coming from the Note 2: - For some reason it doesn't register key presses as well - when I type fast, it constantly skips 10-20% of the keys. I had a similar problem on something like the GS2, but the Note 2 was perfect. I'm shocked there's such regression here. I'm using SwiftKey (which behaves fine on the Note 2), and last time I brought it up, they said it was a limitation of the multitouch capabilities of the display (on the GS2). Anybody else? - The janky Home button that I mentioned earlier that's constantly crooked. - Google Play Music volume keeps jumping around randomly, at least when using a headphone jack. It would play at a normal volume, then all of a sudden jump to like 1.5x the volume and play much louder like that. Pause, resume, and it's back to normal. It's really weird and very annoying, but I'm not sure who is at fault here. - I'm underwhelmed by the camera, mostly due to the overly active focus behavior. It can't stay focused during videos, just like the One X back in the day, and it pisses me off. Focusing in picture mode is also very hit or miss. The Note 2 was much better in this regard. - The screen brightness using auto-brightness is lower than I would want - the S4 Active has the same problem. I wish there was a way to adjust this without turning off auto-brightness. The original international Note 2 software actually let you do that - you could adjust the baseline brightness and keep auto-brightness on, but that never made it to the U.S. Note 2 or 3. - The volume buttons were moved up compared to the Note 2, and now they're up too high. I don't get why they did that. Minor, but slightly annoying. - The S Pen is so much harder to remove that I end up never using it. Not that I used it much before, but now I have even less desire to. The whole Air Command thing is cool, but they should have figured out a way to make it work without the S Pen. Also pressing the button on the S Pen is still as awkward as ever. It's very unnatural. - The battery life is exactly the same for me as the Note 2, which is disappointing. If not worse. For some reason Google Play Services is eating up a TON of battery: and keeps the phone awake a lot (screen on time is 2h49m here). - The speaker is a bit quieter than on the Note 2, and I could care less about its position. I'd rather they improved the quality and volume instead. - TouchWiz is still ugly as all hell, especially the notification pulldown - it's an eyesore. - The bootloader on the AT&T version is, of course, not unlockable. Not Samsung's or the phone's fault, but definitely a negative in this model. - For some reason, some apps cannot be disabled, though I was able to disable most. The one I still want to disable is the Samsung Calendar since I installed the Google one, but the Disable button is grayed out, and without root, it's impossible to do it (I don't feel like rooting at this point since it wipes all data and then flashes an older build). - No easy access to Google Search/Now - the Nexus devices spoiled me. I really wish I could swap the double tap Home to open Search instead of S Voice (and I recommend everyone disables the S Voice's double-tap Home right away since it stops the lag in the Home button). - The nature-inspired touch sounds are atrocious. They're the worst single feature on the Galaxy line and the first thing everyone needs to do is disable them. I really wish Samsung let us customize these sounds instead of just turning them off. Basically this: Improve any Samsung Galaxy device in 30 seconds! . - If you set the phone to vibrate, all notifications will start vibrating it (even the ones set to only use a sound, with vibration unchecked, like Gmail). This is very counter-intuitive - you can't set your phone to vibrate for the night without it vibrating to every damn email, calendar event, etc. There's a way around this - turning the Vibration Intensity all the way down in the Settings, but also permanently turns off all vibration. Otherwise, this phone is a BEAST. I'm very happy with its performance. I hope Samsung can fix at least some of these with software updates.
+ Tommy Nunno The unit is fine, maybe outside the Home button.
+ Oliver Payne I haven't tried that as I never needed it, but I may end up trying now.
+ David Ruddock On some of your points. - GPlay Music - the notification sound is standard that ships with the phone and no other apps had this problem. I just noticed today with Play Music when I was driving for about half an hour because the volume kept jumping between two levels. I'll dig into this one a bit more and test other apps and GMusic some more. - I also keep a search / now widget on the homescreen but actually most of the time use the long-press Home and select Search from there. I'd just like to save a bit more time and be able to do it blind. Oh well. - The vibration issue - I need to do more research and figure out which apps kept vibrating on notifications that I was forced to turn down the vibration intensity. I'll figure it out soon enough, but I've taken it out of the list for now.
+ David Ruddock A point of clarification: the phone was plugged into the car's speakers via the headphone jack. Maybe that part has something to do with it.
Hmm, I can't reproduce this right now, so I'm going to take it out until I can. It was happening in the car earlier.
OK, just reproduced it. Here's the revised version: Google Play Music volume keeps jumping around randomly, at least when using a headphone jack. It would play at a normal volume, then all of a sudden jump to like 1.5x the volume and play much louder like that. Pause, resume, and it's back to normal. It's really weird and very annoying, but I'm not sure who is at fault here.
Alright, I've now 100% reproduced the issue with Play Music on the Note 3 - the same doesn't happen on the Nexus 7, so I'm going to put the full blame on the Note 3's EQ audio processing engine here. How to reproduce: 1. In Play Music, set the EQ to anything - say, Rock. 2. Hook up the Note 3 to some speakers, either with a headphone jack or Bluetooth - doesn't matter. 3. Play a song, then pause, and resume. You will observe that the volume is suddenly a lot quieter. 4. Now tap anywhere in the song. The audio starts playing much louder again. Pause, resume, and now it's quiet. In this video, you can see/hear the problem: Note 3 and Google Play Music bug: inconsistent, highly jumpy volume with EQ on . Note: The audio gets distorted due to N7's mic not being able to record loud volume well. As you can hear, the music gets so much quieter while demoing the bug that it is no longer distorted during recording. In real life, however, I assure you the difference is very noticeable, and there's no distortion.
+ Igor Danilovic That's not accurate. Long hold menu is essentially a contextual search button. It works on the home screen to launch Search/Now, but won't work in apps.
+ Igor Danilovic Correction, it was a contextual search button on the Note 2, but now is even more confusing. In fact, in other apps, it actually launches the S Finder. On the homescreen, it launches Google Search/Now. How stupid is that?
+ Igor Danilovic Nice, that works quite well, though feels like a hack. I'll see if it has any side effects. I'm also now in love with Swipepad. Can't believe I kept trying all these other apps but never tried Swipepad itself.
+ Jamie Francis We'll have to see what all the features are that KitKat brings and then decide if giving up advanced features of TouchWiz is worth it (along with all its ugliness, of course).
I figured out wtf is happening to the notification vibration that I was talking about earlier. If you set the phone to vibrate, all notifications will start vibrating it (even the ones set to only use a sound, with vibration unchecked, like Gmail). This is very counter-intuitive - you can't set your phone to vibrate for the night without it vibrating to every damn email, calendar event, etc.
Rumor #5 is also going straight to AP due to a high confidence level.
I don't have anything specific but that rumor seems legit. I don't know about everything, but some things sure.
If another person asks about rumor #4, I'm going to lose it.
Twitter just marked + Ron Amadeo 's Twitter account https://twitter.com/RonAmadeo verified. Meanwhile, still isn't and there's no way to force it through. Guess, nobody's confusing AP with someone else but fake Rons have become a real problem? Psst, is anyone from Twitter following me? Wink wink.
The wild conspiracy theory here is hilarious . Yeah, the leaked manual, marked as an incomplete draft by LG itself, with a metric ton of internal and external component photos never seen before, the one LG asked us to take down, is totally fake. The Nexus 5 has NFC, Slimport, same camera resolution, wireless charging, and a few other common specs, just like the Nexus 4 - ergo the specs are copy-pasted from the N4 and point to a fake. And someone was charging for access to it, and AP is the one who paid... Actually, I don't even understand what they're saying in that argument. Wat? Great investigative journalism there, guys. #facepalm
+ Nate Swanner Just to be clear, the money part in my post above was sarcastic. Nobody paid anyone.
L-420: Logbook I took advantage of my unexpected free Sunday and went to see "Gravity" yesterday. For what it’s worth, I really think you should see it, if you haven’t already. A disclaimer here: my knowledge of cinematography is about equal to my knowledge of Sanskrit grammar. But I dare to say that you will inevitably be moved by the aesthetic beauty of the movie, its stunning visuals, its captivating music. I wasn’t too much sold on the storyline, but who cares? It’s a great excuse to take a trip to space and watch Earth from the orbital perspective. And to visit some of humanity’s hardware in space, from the Hubble to the International Space Station to the Soyuz spaceship, all reproduced with painstaking detail down to the labeling of the buttons on the control panel. Go the movie theater, put your 3D glasses and go take a look. Then go out, look up at the sky and think that all those things exists for real, right now, in Earth orbit. Let that thought sink in. Ok, now to what you really want to know. Yes, the hardware reproduction is amazingly accurate, but how about what actually happens? Is it realistic? (Spoiler alert) Well, sorry, no. In my opinion, not a bit. For one thing there’s a series of physical impossibilities. Flying from Hubble to ISS on a jetpack? C’mon. They are in completely different orbits: different altitudes, different orbital velocities, different planes. If it’s not your daily work, out-of-plane orbital transfers can give you a headache, they’re just not intuitive. And they take a lot, really a lot of fuel. Not stuff for a tiny jetpack. Or let’s talk about the drama moment when the brave Commander releases the hook that ties him to his crewmate: it was certainly of great emotional impact to see him floating away under the spell of some magical force, but, ehm, in reality not much would have happened. He would have just kept floating right there. Anyway, enough said about the physical impossibilities. Let’s talk about the things I noticed that in my opinion make no sense from the point of view of real space operations on ISS. 1) Training. Dr. Stone said she trained six months for her flight. Well, I have trained for two years and I have one more to go. And, no, I can’t even fly a Chinese spacecraft. 2) Tethers. During the Hubble repair scenes you see a lot of free-floating tools. In a real spacewalk, nothing is ever left untethered. And crewmembers are additionally attached by a coiling safety tether that would pull them back to structure if they came off. 3) Jetpack flying. Crewmembers really don’t fly around using a jetpack like that. The jetpack (called SAFER) is just an extra safety measure and has just enough gas to quickly fly back to structure if one was ever to come off. 4) Loss of communication The communication satellites, called TDRS, are geostationary satellites. They are in a 36.000 km orbit. They can’t be taken down by debris “flying around” in Low Earth Orbit. 5) O2 in the suit running out. Actually, the first consumable that would run out would be CO2 scrubbing. Dr. Stone would have died of CO2 intoxication well before she’d run out of oxygen. 6) Airlock hatches. In the movie Dr. Stone seems to be easily able to “break into” any Space Station that so happens to be in her same orbit by turning a convenient external handle of the airlock hatch. The hatches conveniently open to the outside and the airlocks are conveniently isolated from the rest of the Station. In reality, we don’t have external handles on hatches and we don’t keep airlocks isolated – if you open the hatch, you depressurize the whole Station. Also, hatches to vacuum open to the inside, not the outside, otherwise they wouldn’t be very safe, right? Think of all that inside pressure wanting to push them open all the time. Of course, since they open to the inside you have to depressurize the airlock first, otherwise you would have a very hard time opening them. 7) Extra ships. On the various Stations conveniently located on her orbit, Dr. Stone also finds spaceships conveniently left behind by the Station crew. In reality, we have two Soyuz spaceships for six people of ISS. If we have to leave, we use them both. On an evacuated Space Station there would be no Soyuz left behind. OK, I’ll leave the rest for tomorrow. In the meantime, go see the movie, bring your friends and tell them all that hardware really exists up there in orbit and it's a magnificent achievement. #SamLogbook (Trad IT) Traduzione in italiano a cura di + AstronautiNEWS qui: (Trad ES) Tradducción en español aquí: (Trad FR) Traduction en français par + Anne Cpamoa ici:
I'm promoting rumor #3 ( - ) to AP. It's pretty much happening.
+ Nate Swanner I don't, sorry. + Jace Hernandez I'm hoping #5 can make it to AP as well instead in the next few days. + Dominick A. Scarfogliero Sorry, don't know.
And the RX10 Sony RX10 camera unveiled, get the first look
