Sony rolling out firmware update for Xperia Z1 and Z Ultra On the Xperia Z1 you get an improved camera algorithm for better all round performance. Sony has also improved the Smart Social Camera platform that improves the performance of features such as Burst Mode, Superior Auto, AR Effect and Sweep Panorama. On the...
Sony rolling out firmware update for Xperia Z1 and Z Ultra On the Xperia Z1 you get an improved camera algorithm for better all round performance. Sony has also improved the Smart Social Camera platform that improves the performance of features such as Burst Mode, Superior Auto, AR Effect and Sweep Panorama. On the...
How To Enable CommentLuv on Blogger Blogspot? Most of the blogger are extremely frustrated, the way their default comment system has behaved. It has lots of technical flaws, which red...
GTA V Release Date Sales: $800 Million In One Day Breaks Records For Rockstar, Video Game Industry The GTA V release date has taken hold of the gaming world it seems. The much anticipated new Grand Theft Auto 5 has made quite the dent...
Get site feeds for specific labels Can I get site feeds for specific labels? Yes, you can! If a blog you read is using labels and also has site feeds enabled, then you can ...
GTA 5 release date midnight openings confirmed at more than 2,000 UK stores With the GTA 5 release date now just hours away, UK retailers have confirmed that more than 2,000 stores up and down the country will be ...
Google reveals new logo and redesigned navigation bar It looks like Google is getting rid of the black navigation bar it places on its sites and introducing a new menu which looks like the Ch...
Nokia tested Android on Lumia devices before the Microsoft deal A report by the New York Times sheds light on what Nokia’s future could have looked like without Microsoft in it. Allegedly, the Finnis...
Nokia Android prototype reportedly is still into production Last week the New York Times revealed that Nokia has indeed worked on an Android smartphone as an alternative to the Microsoft partners...
Xperia™ Launcher for Xperia and non-Xperia Support for all phones and tablets ( both Xperia and non-Xperia ) running Android 4.0.3 and later (all ROMs are supported) Require...
The new look for iOS 7 | cNet reviews Apple&#39;s iOS 7 is coming Wednesday, September 18, featuring flattened icons and a more minimalist design, moving away from the thre...
4 Tools to Edit The Context Menu in Windows What is Context Menu? The context menu is the small window that popup when you right click your mouse. When you right click your mouse ...
