day 1 w/the @Sony smartwatch2 and #Xperia Z1. thoughts so far: -love getting email notifications to smartwatch2! once people experience this, they'll get the smartwatch thing. 10 emails checked, phone never left pocket -changing song via the watch is sweet too! limited at moment to just shuffle and next song and volume control but its a great start -all smartwatch makers need to allow the users to create or customize the watch faces. let's face it; sony and samsung don't know shit about watch face design.. and 4 skins is pretty sad... -battery life is going to be the biggest issues; 2 - 3 days using it w/tons of notifications and as music remote. -the camera remote app is pretty cool idea so far, gen2 of the watches are looking way better!! gen3 and gen4 will be what finally get consumers onboard.. along w/those super sexy flexible displays ... think snap bracelet but a full flexible display
my stress reliever.. Bonnie.. she's got a big growl and perhaps a little neopolean syndrome in her. ;) 2013 Mini Cooper S Coupe -JCW Fixed Spoiler -JCW Strut Brace -ALTA JCW 3" Downpipe Exhaust
Back to Android... Sony Xperia Z1 and Smartwatch 2 (imported) After going nearly a full year without a phone upgrade (did a temp upgrade to the Galaxy S4 but then returned it), I have been itching to get back into the Android world again. Lately I've been using my iPhone 4S running iOS 7 and have been getting a bit b...
day 1 w/the @Sony smartwatch2 and #Xperia Z1. thoughts so far: -love getting email notifications to smartwatch2! once people experience this, they'll get the smartwatch thing. 10 emails checked, phone never left pocket -changing song via the watch is sweet too! limited at moment to just shuffle and next song and volume control but its a great start -all smartwatch makers need to allow the users to create or customize the watch faces. let's face it; sony and samsung don't know shit about watch face design.. and 4 skins is pretty sad... -battery life is going to be the biggest issues; 2 - 3 days using it w/tons of notifications and as music remote. -the camera remote app is pretty cool idea so far, gen2 of the watches are looking way better!! gen3 and gen4 will be what finally get consumers onboard.. along w/those super sexy flexible displays ... think snap bracelet but a full flexible display
it's sony's followup to it's original smartwatch that connects to your phone via bt and gives you alerts, etc
+ Andrew Jones thanks! omg, i've never had so much fun commuting to work each day.. mini coopers.. more than a car, a way of life
+ Mark McClure + Adam Niederkorn my wishes keep coming true! too bad i already have it orderd and being imported from UK (Z1 and the smartwatch 2) however mine will have both LTE and be waterproof and work on Tmobile USA
+ Mark McClure this!! even better!!!! non gimped too!
(originally from a facebook post of mine on current smart watches but i thought worthy sharing) honestly, the current gen of smart watches are getting it wrong.. but that's just where tech is right now. the 4th gen (not next years but the year after, 2015) will be what i envision them to be.. fully functional mini computers that connect to a #google @glass type UI and uses either voice commands or combo of voice and motion gestures (using camera on the google glass type devices) to input data. cell phones as we know them in 2013 may be on their way out. pulling out a phone and looking at a screen is so 2013.. in 2015.. it will all be AR (augmented reality) like.. UI (user interface) overlays in realtime in real life. imagine getting in car and having directions overlayed along w/speed and other vital auto info?? if only i ran a company.. also, processor evolution in the last 2 years is crazy.. you know quad core cpus running at 2.3 ghz in a mobile platform is just crazy.. now if only the apps on the devices could utilize those cores. however, the biggest hurdle at the moment is power.. we need a major evolution in either power storage or #power generation. i believe the latter to be more feasible and more in reach. my visions say.... a combination of: evolved ion-lithium tech combined with #bio-kinetic tech (using of centrical force of arm moving when walking with actual power that the human body does emit). i also believe that data networking of devices will utilize our own human body's nervous system to allow even faster wireless data transmission between devices.. imagine a handshake in the future in turn digitally transmitting your personal digital business card to the person your meeting. you set a shareable profile on your #smartwatch that then connects to the other person's smartwatch via the physical handshake and data being transmitted via the human nervous system.. the #johnnymnemonic movie was just ahead of its time and not super cheesy (if you think about data security over the border/laptop search rules, data storage, etc)
in addition, i believe the corporate computing landscape will literally be flipped upside down in the next 2 years and we can actually dock our personal smartphones/watches at work and then use a kb/mouse and physical display (most likely a flexible OLED display that will finally replace physical paper or a basic LED monitor; monitors work just fine in creating a defined/focused display workspace). i see workers going to work, taking out phones or tapping watches to an NFC type authentication devices to connect said devices to corp network and resources. basically a realtime dual boot interface is what i see corp america coming to.. as much as i want to say desktops and laptops will exist in the future... they really won't.. tablets will replace them no matter what. tablets will be come the new norm in physical display type media. video/led wallpaper will replace monitors in the next 7 years. however.. this is assuming we make the next 10 years as a species/civilization + Google Glass
Gamer Advice Needed: Buy a Wii U for Christmas? My 5 year old son insists that Santa is bringing a Wii U for Christmas. We currently have a Wii and of-course he is looking at all those upgraded Mario games and new Skylanders and such. But based on everything I'm reading it looks like the Wii U has been a big disappointment and due to low sales, most game developers are avoiding the platform. So question - is the Wii U worth it? Do we look at some other console? Maybe a DS? (but then the other kids can't join in) Or tell him Santa got stuck in someone else's chimney? ?????
+ Motor Trend Magazine + AutoGuide.com why is it that most car review sites forget that most stability and traction control systems can be disabled; ie mini cooper coupe. do that and flashbacks to the 70s/80s begin ie drifting in a FWD car
My GoPro-ish Mini Cooper Coupe video Just a fun and quick video I made of my 2013 Mini Cooper S Coupe using GoPro's Studio application and templates. Pretty fun and easy!
nice! and its has good specs; ie isn't a gimped version
good read for us mdm and byod admins.
Bonnie - My 2013 Mini Cooper S Coupe and post 4K miles recap Back in February 2013, I decided to start looking for a new car. My 2006 Civic Si was fully paid off and still worth nearly $10-13K. She was a great and fun car but I wanted to up the torque game and was looking to get a car that was heavy in technology a...
quick video of bonnie, my 2013 #minicooper s coupe and alta jcw exhaust. drive by camera action. #gopro
ok, google plus is still the prettiest social media website and app.. i think i may start using it more since more and more people on it..
new home for my geek blog.. now i just need to get a posting again
yup.. i think i need this now..
+ Mark McClure there ya go! one more for chromecast
I won candy on the #googlebirthday doodle! Score: 151
loving it! just wish i had a google now landing page on my chrome desktop browsers. i predict that will be coming soon after they close down the iGoogle pages please add Currents widget too??
can we get an iGoogle replacement w/Google Now features please and a currents widget like Reader was on iGoogle?? please???
volunteer and change a life and your own
my 2013 #minicooper #coupe stock #exhaust via the #gopro 2.7K vid styled
can't wait for the hacks and homebrew!!
it's sony's followup to it's original smartwatch that connects to your phone via bt and gives you alerts, etc
