Sony Noise Cancelling Headphones Review Listen to what you like, drawn out the rest Tune out the hectic world outside as you lose yourself in the sumptuous sounds and extreme comfort of Sony’s noise cancelling headphones. Listen to your music, not the plane, train or noise around the office. Reduce ambient noise (10db at 300Hz), and provid...
CyberpowerPC SLC6000 Desktop PC Review Supreme Processing Performance Supreme processing performance and sublime graphics power that’s what the latest Gamer Supreme SLC6000 delivers. Powered by the 4 th Gen Core i7-4770K unlocked CPU and NVIDIA GTX 770 video card, this system is ready to deliver power and performance...
GIGABYTE GTX770 Graphic Card Review Up to 4 displays on a Single Card The GTX770 sports Gigabyte's new WINDFORCE 3X 450W cooling system, which is equipped with two 8mm and four 6mm copper heat-pipes, inclined fans, and GIGABYTE “Triangle Cool” technology. This not only provides an effective heat dissipation capacity, but GPU ...
Belkin, Samsung Galaxy S4 Case Review Get A Pop Of Color The View Case protects the buttons on the sides of your Samsung Galaxy S4 while keeping your ports, speakers, and camera fully exposed. Quickly and easily adjust your volume, plug in your headphones, snap a photo, and connect your charging cable while keepi...
Livescribe Sky 2GB Wifi Smartpen Review Your Words. Your Ideas. Any Time, Anywhere The Sky Wifi smartpen is the perfect pen for today's always on, connected world. It syncs all your handwritten notes and any recorded audio to your free Evernote account, allowing you to have quick and easy access to the information that matters to you, any...
Cooler Master NotePal ErgoStand Cooling Stand Review silent 140 mm Fan ErgoStand Basic – a budget- friendly alternative solution that can provide you with cooler notebook computer temperature and extensive control over workplace ergonomics. Supports laptop upto 17” Five-position height adjustment allows to select the most suit...
Sony Noise Cancelling Headphones Review Listen to what you like, drawn out the rest Tune out the hectic world outside as you lose yourself in the sumptuous sounds and extreme comfort of Sony’s noise cancelling headphones. Listen to your music, not the plane, train or noise around the office. Reduce ambient noise (10db at 300Hz), and provid...
GIGABYTE GA-Z87X-UD5H Desktop Motherboard Review Intel Z87 Express Chipset The GIGABYTE Desktop motherboard is designed with new heat sink technology, having 7 onboard fan connectors and a maximum memory capacity of 32GB. This motherboard supports CFOS speed internet accelerator software, has DDR3 SDRAM memory, and features gigabi...
Kingsten V300 Solid State Drive Kit Review Get More Out Of Your Computer Kingston’s V300 solid-state drive (SSD) is a cost-effective way to revive your computer. SSDs are 10x faster than a hard drive plus more reliable, more durable and shock proof 120GB 1 x 7 pin SATA 600 2 1/2'’ Drive type: Internal External drive transfer rat...
Corsair Vengeance K60 Review Mechanical Gaming Keyboard The Corair Vengeance K60 performance FPS Mechanical Gaming Keyboard is designed for performance gaming and has a cherry MX red key switches, which provides the sensitivity and low operating force that professional gamers love. Connectivity technology: Cable...
Sony Dual Core I5 15 ½” Laptop Easy Viewing, Amazing Memory, Speedy Processing Checking reports and entering information to help you keep an eye your business is easy with this Sony 15.5 inch dual-core i5 laptop. It features windows 7, so this laptop is compatible with almost any program you will need to use for your company. A nice-s...
Brother Inkjet All-In-One Printer Review Printer, Scanner, Fax, and Copier Stop cluttering your desk with different devices and try this handy four-in-one printer instead. This impressive machine has everything that you need to finish your work, from an inkjet printer to a high-quality scanner. Prints 12ppm black, 10ppm color; cop...
Canon Pixima iP100 Photo Printer Printer-Anywhere Portability This versatile Canon Pixma iP100 photo printer produces beautiful photolab-quality pictures or high-quality ordinary prints. You’re not limited to standard small print sizes, either; a Pixma printer can handle sizes up to 8.5 inches by 14 inches. Prints 9...
Dell Inspiron 660 Desktop PC Review The Family Unit is here! Make the inspiron 660 your entertainment hub. With four USB 3.0 ports, an 8-in-1 media card reader and HDMI capabilities, connecting to cameras, mp3 players, printers and other peripherals and accessories is quick and easy. Intel Pentium G2030 (3.0GHz, 3MB ...
Dell Inspiron 660 Desktop PC The Family Unit is here! Make the inspiron 660 your entertainment hub. With four USB 3.0 ports, an 8-in-1 media card reader and HDMI capabilities, connecting to cameras, mp3 players, printers and other peripherals and accessories is quick and easy. Intel Pentium G2030 (3.0GHz, 3MB ...
Brother Inkjet All-In-One Printer Review Printer, Scanner, Fax, and Copier Stop cluttering your desk with different devices and try this handy four-in-one printer instead. This impressive machine has everything that you need to finish your work, from an inkjet printer to a high-quality scanner. Prints 12ppm black, 10ppm color; cop...
Canon Pixima iP100 Photo Printer Printer-Anywhere Portability This versatile Canon Pixma iP100 photo printer produces beautiful photolab-quality pictures or high-quality ordinary prints. You’re not limited to standard small print sizes, either; a Pixma printer can handle sizes up to 8.5 inches by 14 inches. Prints 9...
Epson WorkForce color inkjet all-in-One Printer Ideal For The space-Constrained Home Office Ideal for the space-constrained home office, the WorkForce WF-2540 is a fast, high-performance all in-one that offers affordable, individual ink cartridges and a space saving, compact design – the smallest in its class. 4-in-one: print, copy, scan, fax Ea...
Canon EOS Rebel SL1 DSLR World’s Smallest and Lightest DSLR As the world’s smallest and lightest DSLR*, the new EOS Rebel SL1 camera body is 4.6”(w)× 3.57”(h)×2.74”(d), and weighs approximately 13 ounces. 18.0 megapixels High-speed continuous shooting up to 4.0 fps allows you to capture the action EOS full HD movie ...
Canon EOS Rebel SL1 DSLR World’s Smallest and Lightest DSLR As the world’s smallest and lightest DSLR*, the new EOS Rebel SL1 camera body is 4.6”(w)× 3.57”(h)×2.74”(d), and weighs approximately 13 ounces. 18.0 megapixels High-speed continuous shooting up to 4.0 fps allows you to capture the action EOS full HD movie ...
CyberpowerPC SLC6000 Desktop PC Review Supreme Processing Performance Supreme processing performance and sublime graphics power that’s what the latest Gamer Supreme SLC6000 delivers. Powered by the 4 th Gen Core i7-4770K unlocked CPU and NVIDIA GTX 770 video card, this system is ready to deliver power and performan...
TEST POST i just want to test twitter feed
testing post i want to just test the feedburner
Temporary Post this is my first post just for checking
