Sony has revealed that Brazilian gamers will be paying a whopping R$ 3,999 (or $1,849.85) for their PlayStation 4 console.
‘Rayman Legends’ and ‘Splinter Cell: Blacklist’ may not have sold as well as Ubisoft might have liked, but the company remains confident that things will start looking up in the next generation.
Sony has revealed that Brazilian gamers will be paying a whopping R$ 3,999 (or $1,849.85) for their PlayStation 4 console.
DICE has listened to gamers’ complaints from the recent ‘Battlefield 4′ multiplayer beta and plans to address as many of them as they can.
‘Assassin’s Creed 4: Black Flag’s Lead Game Designer says that Ubisoft’s latest open-world sequel offers about 80 hours worth of content.
A new rumor suggests ‘DriveClub,’ – the new racing game that was supposed to launch alongside the PS4 – has been delayed until Spring 2014.
The newest video for ‘The Elder Scrolls Online’ shows how deeply players will be able to customize their own characters, from race to wrist size.
The Xbox One launch title ‘Ryse’ gets a story trailer, introducing the new hero Marius Titus, and his quest for vengeance which will drive the events of the game.
‘inFAMOUS: Second Son’ will be bringing two new editions to retail, granting owners some replica items, and a chance to finish the story of Cole MacGrath.
Activision wants ‘Call of Duty’ to beat ‘GTA5′ sales records – at least by the time the next ‘Grand Theft Auto’ is released.
In the latest cinematic TV spot for ‘Batman: Arkham Origins,’ the billionaire playboy’s change from orphan to crimefighter is artfully captured.
Although the feature will eventually come to the Xbox One, Microsoft says players will only be able to search by Gamertag at launch.
Microsoft’s Phil Harrison talks improving the Xbox One in the future and all-digital sales – while a new video highlights the Xbox One’s multiplayer improvements.
A new pre-order bonus for GameStop unlocks an exclusive multiplayer skin for ‘Call of Duty: Ghosts’ that pays homage to Ghost from ‘MW2.’
After ‘Thief’ fans took issue with the XP system being added to the franchise reboot, the developers have replaced it with a less violent option.
Several pieces of dialogue in ‘Pokemon X’ and ‘Y’ heavily hint that remakes for ‘Pokemon Ruby’ and ‘Sapphire’ could be on the way.
Ryse’s dev team took to Twitter to boast about all the dinners it is going to serve during crunch-time, to many other developers’ dismay.
‘Assassin’s Creed IV: Black Flag’ will include and emphasize level progression for the first time in the series, in the form of Edward Kenway’s upgradeable pirate ship.
Sony has announced that fan-favorite indie titles ‘Flower,’ ‘flOw,’ ‘Escape Plan’ and ‘Sound Shapes’ are coming to the PS4 with updated visuals and controls.
Statistics show that North American gamers prefer the Xbox Live online gaming experience more than PlayStation Network. Will this change with the next-gen consoles?
Paradox Interactive’s ‘Europa Universalis IV’ brings an unmatched level of strategic depth through a similar interface. Read our review to find out more!
Read our review to find out if the soaking wet, somber platformer ‘Rain’ is worth the effort, or if it just leave players standing out in the rain.
Executive Producer Eiji Aonuma confirmed that Nintendo will finally have ‘more to say’ about ‘The Legend of Zelda’ on the Wii U at E3 2014.
We take a look at ‘Glare’ a new side-scrolling platformer available now on Steam. Check out our gameplay video to see if the game is worth picking up.
DICE Executive Producer Patrick Bach admits they were scared about taking on such a beloved franchise as ‘Star Wars: Battlefront.’
In addition to a very unexpected delay for ‘Watch_Dogs,’ Ubisoft has also revealed that their open-world racing title ‘The Crew’ won’t hit store shelves until the latter part of 2014.
With next-gen consoles comes next-gen racing wheels. See how the leap forward will affect the Xbox One wheels coming from Mad Catz and Thrustmaster.
Mixing historical figures with King Arthur’s Knights of the Round Table, meet the main characters if the PS4 exclusive ‘The Order: 1886.’
‘Assassin’s Creed IV: Black Flag’ gets a new story trailer focusing on protagonist Edward Kenway, as the international release date moves up a few days.
Looking forward to playing ‘Watch Dogs’ next month? Put your hacking skills on ice for now. Ubisoft announced that the game has been delayed until next year.
Without Commander Shepard, could the next ‘Mass Effect’ game be going backwards or forwards in the timeline?
Telltale Games teases ‘The Walking Dead: Season 2′ as a news leaks regarding a new collection of season 1 and its DLC.
Sony has released a new teaser for the PS4 launch – a music video ‘Perfect Day’ featuring live-action musical sequences set in the world of ‘Killzone’ and more.
In a little over two days, Nintendo has confirmed that ‘Pokemon X’ and ‘Y’ have managed to sell a combined total of over four million copies worldwide in just two days.
Game Rant takes Turtle Beach’s ‘Ear Force Z22′ headset for a spin. Read our review to find out how well this more affordable audio gear holds up.
We go behind the scenes with the developers of ‘Rocksmith 2014,’ and find out firsthand how they plan to change the ‘music game’ genre forever.
Read our review of ‘Pokemon X’ and ‘Pokemon Y’ to see if the first installments on the Nintendo 3DS are worth catching.
Buckle up Vin Diesel fans because Universal’s upcoming summer blockbuster ‘Fast and Furious 7′ will be getting its own mobile tie-in game from developer Kabam.
A new trailer for ‘Kingdom Hearts 3′ debuted at the D23 Expo in Japan, and features a closer look at Sora’s new arsenal in this next-gen sequel.
Pretty much everything you can do in this map in one lucky match! This may be your best preview/look at Battlefield 4 on PC.
Turns out the Rockstar’s $5 million ‘stimulus package’ was not just an apology for ‘Grand Theft Auto Online,’ it was compensation for lost characters and progress, which we now know are gone forever.
