Samsung Galaxy Gear vs Sony Smartwatch 2 More and more wearable gadgets are being revealed this season, but how can you narrow down your choice? This chart provides a complete comparison between the two greatest wearable tech giants, the Samsung Galaxy Gear and Sony SmartWatch 2(SW2). This wil...
Apple announces October 22nd iPad event: ‘We still have a lot to cover’! Apple has sent out a media invitation, confirming an event which will be held on 22 nd October, stated by a tagline "We still have a lot to cover". Apple will be revealing its next generation iPad 5 or the iPad 2 mini alongside with OS X Mavericks or the Ma...
Samsung Galaxy Gear vs Sony Smartwatch 2 More and more wearable gadgets are being revealed this season, but how can you narrow down your choice? This chart provides a complete comparison between the two greatest wearable tech giants, the Samsung Galaxy Gear and Sony SmartWatch 2(SW2). This wil...
iPad 5 leaked Images The latest images come from Sonny Dickson. Dickson is best known for leaking images of the champagne gold iPhone 5s before it had even been rumoured.
Samsung unveils world’s first concave mobile Samsung has announced Galaxy round which is not like any other smartphone. Well it’s the first mobile with a curved OLED display. This new smartphone has been launched in South Korea. It features the same 5.7 inch display screen just like the Samsung Galaxy...
Xperia Z1 mini Officially announced by Sony Sony has officially announced that there upcoming Xperia Z1 mini will only be available in Japan after the leaked images were shown in a brochure. This mini will hit the worldwide market after December. The specs are very much the same as the full size Xper...
Sony Xperia Z1 Mini to launch in Japan on Thursday? Sony is all set up to launch its new Xperia Z1 Mini this Thursday in Japan. A Japanese company published a launch date in its latest customer magazine. This smartphone is differs from other mini smartphone. It is being claimed to be as powerful as the big X...
HTC unveils !8ct gold One Surely you have seen Samsung’s smartphones and Apple’s iPhone in Gold color but you might not have seen the new HTC One made of pure gold. Yes, HTC has also joined the race with Samsung and Apple to manufacture a gold Smartphone. The device is created in pa...
Samsung Galaxy Gear: Review Efforts for building a wearing tech was going on for years. Among those was Samsung too, which not just managed to develop this tech, but also made it a commercial success. Before purchasing a Galaxy Gear, there are something’s that you might want to know. ...
Xbox One VS PS 4 This chart provides a complete comparison between the two greatest gaming consoles, the Play Station 4 and the Xbox One. This will make you visual the difference easily. Features Play Station 4 Xbox One Price £350.00 $399.99 £429.99 $499.99 Release Date...
Netflix updates iOS app for HD streaming and AirPlay Netflix has updated its iOS app to support HD streaming and AirPlay. HD streaming was being wildly used. This update is the first app to support high quality videos in IOS 7. But according to some reports, these features are currently not working in the US ...
Sony PS 4 After 7 years, the next gen consoles, Xbox One and Play station 4 are set to arrive in November 2013. Play Station 4 is set to hit the ma...
Sony PS4 preview After 7 years, the next gen consoles, Xbox One and Play station 4 are set to arrive in November 2013. Play Station 4 is set to hit the ma...
Nokia confirms Abu Dhabi event Nokia has confirmed that it will hold a global event in the middle east on October 22 at Abu Dhabi. According to sources, Nokia will anno...
Samsung's Galaxy Note 3 and Galaxy Gear now on sale Samsung Galaxy Gear and Samsung Galaxy Note 3 are in the shop shelves and are also available for purchases online. Samsung Galaxy Note 3 ...
Specific Tips and Tricks to Improve Battery Performance for IOS 7 If you face battery life issues when using IOS 7, there are several ways and quick tips to reduce the drainage of your battery. 1.Make us...
** If you face battery life issues when using IOS 7, there are several ways and quick tips to reduce the drainage of your battery. 1.Make us...
Google Nexus 5 rumors! Google nexus 5 is more likely to be released in October or November. This new flagship device was spotted being used by Google's employee...
Microsoft Reveals the Surface Pro 2 Microsoft has unveiled their new tablet, the Surface Pro 2 on Monday at an event in New York City. This tablet device will go sale on Oct...
BlackBerry announces Z30 smartphone BlackBerry Q10 and Z10 users would be happy to know that Blackberry has revealed its latest smartphone, the Z30. The new and improved dev...
GTA V outpaces Call of Duty Rockstar’s latest launch, Grand Theft Auto V has become the most successful game by earning more than $800 million (£497 million) on the ...
Apple IOS 7, Things you want to know! Apple has announced it’s IOS 7 and many people may be wondering that what’s new in this. Here’s whats new. New Icon The icons have new ap...
Apple IOS 7, Things you want to know! Apple has announced it’s IOS 7 and many people may be wondering that what’s new in this. Here’s whats new. New Icon The icons have new ap...
Apple lauches the iPhone 5S Apple has announced it’s two new iPhone last night at Cupertino, the iPhone 5S and the iPhone 5C. Apple’s iPhone 5S dominated t...
Samsung Galaxy Note 3 The tech giants have introduced their next Samsung Galaxy Note 3. This smartphone is the successor of the Samsung Galaxy Note 2. ...
