Sony Xperia Z1, Z Ultra and Smartwatch 2 arrive to the United States: Post by: + Andrew Grush
Nvidia Shield’s PC game streaming leaps out of Beta on October 28th, now dubbed ‘Gamestream’: Post by: + Andrew Grush
So if this rumor proves true and so does the Lenovo HTC takeover rumor... does that mean that the Lenovo One 2 will be a phone that follows HTC's design language and runs BB10, while being branded Lenovo? .... Sounds legit. While they're are at it, they should throw in the IBM Thinkpad branding as well. HTC ThinkPhone Blackberry One <--- Solid gold right there.
So I installed the Windows 8.1 update today to my existing W8 installation and somehow I now have an additional 10GB of space than a did before..... interesting. What did you delete, Microsoft? Tell me! :P
+ Randy Kelly Jr. That's what I was assuming. I've already noticed some broken stuff. I just thought it was funny -- usually you get less space not more. I'm not a Microsoft guy by any means but I have to admit that Windows 8.1 is world's better than Windows 8 based on just a few small changes I've seen so far (plus I played around with the beta version in the past).
Twitter may be planning a standalone messaging app, claims new report: Post by: + Andrew Grush
LG G Pad 8.3 lands in the U.S., priced at $350: Post by: + Andrew Grush
Vivo Xplay 3S will be the first phone to feature a display with a 2560 x 1440 resolution: Post by: + Andrew Grush
Phablets are extremely popular in Southeast Asia – but why is that? Post by: + Andrew Grush
Sony Xperia Z1, Z Ultra and Smartwatch 2 arrive to the United States: Post by: + Andrew Grush
Oppo Pioneer program will let ten lucky individuals get their hands on the Oppo N1 for just $99: Post by: + Andrew Grush
Play Store change will make tablet apps more visible, goes into effect November 21st: Post by: + Andrew Grush
Final Fantasy VI coming to Android this year, FF VII may follow ‘eventually’: Post by: + Andrew Grush
Side-loading Android apps to the Galaxy Gear is as easy as using ADB: Post by: + Andrew Grush
*Rumor: Samsung Galaxy S5 will be waterproof and dustproof, no ‘Active’ model required: Post by: + Andrew Grush
Look everyone, the iPhone has a flexible display too! Oh ... wait...... :P
What would happen if the Note 3 and Galaxy S4 had a baby? Meet the Galaxy J: Post by: + Andrew Grush
Will the iPhones blend? We always wonder this about phones, not that we may accidentally drop our phone in a blender and turn it on. But it's cool to see what happens.
Report: several major Android makers cheat in benchmarks : AnandTech released a damning report on benchmark cheating, revealing that, with a few exceptions, devices from major Android OEMs are “optimized” to deliver top results in benchmark tests. By + Bogdan Petrovan #Benchmarks Image credit:
Dell returns to the Android game with Venue 7 and Venue 8 budget tablets: Post by: + Andrew Grush
Does this mean in the future humans will need software updates, too? If so... let's hope Verizon isn't in charge of that process.... just saying.
Sony Xperia Z1 pitted against the Nokia Lumia 1020’s camera: Post by: + Andrew Grush
Most valuable brands in the world: Google second, Samsung eighth: Post by: + Andrew Grush
More Nexus 5 specs have apparently been discovered in that leaked Android 4.4 KitKat build: . by + Chris Smith #Nexus5 #Android44KitKat
+ mayank solanki We shall see, these specs could certainly prove to be wrong! + Dean Wisener I agree that an 8MP with OIS could still be killer. Now we just have to wait and see what LG actually cooks up.
Oracle introduces a DIY tablet, the DukePad Post by: + Andrew Grush
Water on Mars? Time to start building my summer home. I'm sure that the radiation and falling rocks won't be a problem.
UCLA develops flexible OLED that can stretch to double its original size – and yet still keeps on working: Post by: + Andrew Grush
Oppo N1 official: specs, features and pricing Post by: + Andrew Grush
Did Google inadvertently give us the first public screenshot of Android 4.4 KitKat? Post by: + Andrew Grush
Rumor: Amazon could offer its smartphone for free, without carrier contract: Post by: + Andrew Grush
LG G Pad hands-on and first impressions! (video): By: + Joshua Vergara and + Andrew Grush
Samsung releases new video, ‘Introducing the Galaxy Note 3′ Post by: + Andrew Grush
There goes my hopes and dreams of a Nokia Android handset.... *goes in corner and sobs softly*
Ugliest console ever..... I'd rather use my Atari Lynx any day.
Even though I'm no "Microsoft fan", I always kind of liked Ballmer. In reality though, his retirement will probably prove a good thing for Microsoft - if they can get someone fresher, newer (read: younger?) to take helm of the company that better knows what consumers really want.
Anyone else feel like the Edge's finance targeting was purposely set high because Canonical never planned to build it, but simply was using it as a free marketing move to bring attention towards Ubuntu (mobile)? Could be wrong, of course.
