Champagne Bar in the Sony Center | Berlin, Germany The Champagne Bar was set up last February for the Berlin International Film Festival in the Sony Center at the Potsdamer Platz in Berlin. I never made it before to the Berlinale Festival, but this time I just decided to go for a walk after work to see if they had some good ideas to decorate the city. Well, they did. When I saw the bar in the Sony Center, a perfect reflection in the dried fountain – I guess I can say it was worth it. Fortunately I didn’t finish work too late so the crowds weren’t there yet, as they usually come around 8-9 pm. When I was there, the Sony Center at the Potsdamer Platz was relatively empty. In general I can highly recommend strolling through Berlin in the time of the festival. There are some special attractions which can pep up normal photos. There are many shots of the Sony Center, but the big cork adds a special touch to it. For more technical details check:
Leaning on a tree that is more than 450 years old !
Looking forward for the Weekend ...
And done the Job !
WHY DOGS LIVE LESS THAN HUMANS? ANSWER OF A 6 YEAR OLD by Rick Weitl Being a veterinarian, I had been called to examine a ten-year-old Irish Wolfhound named Belker. The dog’s owners, Ron, his wife Lisa, and their little boy Shane, were all very attached to Belker, and they were hoping for a miracle. I examined Belker and found he was dying of cancer. I told the family we couldn’t do anything for Belker, and offered to perform the euthanasia procedure for the old dog in their home. As we made arrangements, Ron and Lisa told me they thought it would be good for six-year-old Shane to observe the procedure. They felt as though Shane might learn something from the experience. The next day, I felt the familiar catch in my throat as Belker ‘s family surrounded him. Shane seemed so calm, petting the old dog for the last time, that I wondered if he understood what was going on. Within a few minutes, Belker slipped peacefully away. The little boy seemed to accept Belker’s transition without any difficulty or confusion. We sat together for a while after Belker’s Death, wondering aloud about the sad fact that animal lives are shorter than human lives. Shane, who had been listening quietly, piped up, ”I know why.” Startled, we all turned to him. What came out of his mouth next stunned me. I’d never heard a more comforting explanation. It has changed the way I try and live. He said,”People are born so that they can learn how to live a good life — like loving everybody all the time and being nice, right?” The Six-year-old continued, ”Well, dogs already know how to do that, so they don’t have to stay as long.” Live simply. Love generously. Care deeply. Speak kindly. Remember, if a dog was the teacher you would learn things like: When loved ones come home, always run to greet them. Never pass up the opportunity to go for a joyride. Allow the experience of fresh air and the wind in your face to be pure Ecstasy. Take naps. Stretch before rising. Run, romp, and play daily. Thrive on attention and let people touch you. Avoid biting when a simple growl will do. On warm days, stop to lie on your back on the grass. On hot days, drink lots of water and lie under a shady tree. When you’re happy, dance around and wag your entire body. Delight in the simple joy of a long walk. Be loyal. Never pretend to be something you’re not. If what you want lies buried, dig until you find it. When someone is having a bad day, be silent, sit close by, and nuzzle them gently. ENJOY EVERY MOMENT OF EVERY DAY! This was reposted from a Facebook post by Rick Weitl on our blog
A Canvas of Reflections | Scotland by PeterYoung1 #landscape #autumn #scotland #atmospheric #ard #beautiful #colours #LochArd #nature #scenic #trees #UK #reflections #water www.flickr.com/photos/peter-young/10081405955/ (Click on slideshow above image to see full resolution)
Champagne Bar in the Sony Center | Berlin, Germany The Champagne Bar was set up last February for the Berlin International Film Festival in the Sony Center at the Potsdamer Platz in Berlin. I never made it before to the Berlinale Festival, but this time I just decided to go for a walk after work to see if they had some good ideas to decorate the city. Well, they did. When I saw the bar in the Sony Center, a perfect reflection in the dried fountain – I guess I can say it was worth it. Fortunately I didn’t finish work too late so the crowds weren’t there yet, as they usually come around 8-9 pm. When I was there, the Sony Center at the Potsdamer Platz was relatively empty. In general I can highly recommend strolling through Berlin in the time of the festival. There are some special attractions which can pep up normal photos. There are many shots of the Sony Center, but the big cork adds a special touch to it. For more technical details check:
i love this rat
Good Morning and Day !
The train station ... in renovation !
