Panasonic makes fine cameras, as a m43 fan, I love the way Panasonic attacks video applications. However, I can't get past the lack of In-Body Image Stabilization. That Leica lens you are using in this image is stabilized when on any Olympus camera, but Panasonic went the more traditional route of putting the chore of stabilizing in the glass. That leaves your options more limited with their cameras even if the mount is the same...
Ahh - seems that I am not fully brushed up on the newest Pany hardware! :-/
Both are good cameras, + Jonathan Mallett - if suggest you go to a decent camera store and try them both out. Which one feels better in your hand? Which has the menu system that better fits how you think (is more intuitive for you)? That is how you pick the winner in this battle.
Hey + Frederick Van Johnson - you meant to direct your comment to + Jonathan Mallett - I am very happy with my Olympus OM-D.
+ Jonathan Mallett - focus peaking is the overrated fad du jour. With AF the Oly is accurate and blazingly fast. In manual focus, the OM-D has this digital zoom feature that works really well - you start to adjust your focus and the camera "zooms" to 100% (or more if you adjust the settings) to show your actual fine focus. It works quite well, but I'd bet focus peeking comes in a future firmware update since they included it in the e-M1. Regarding firmware updates, Oly updates their hardware often enough (there's an update to my 45mm 1.8 that I haven't downloaded yet, though it's been out for several weeks already...). I absolutely LOVE my OM-D. Weather sealing, fast, light, IBIS, great ISO performance, Live Bulb, the list goes on...
You have to do one episode on Google Glass. How about the Leica Monochrom for another? Last suggestion: compare the mirrorless quasi-rangefinder models (Fuji, Olympus, Panasonic, and Sony). Of course there's several potential topics on glass: what's the best walkabout lens, the best portrait lens, the optimal zoom range, etc... By "best," I mean focal length, not a comparison of all the different specific lenses out there.
