Good to see you doing a little #lightpainting I will have to get you out for some #suttolightpainting
+ Stephan Bollinger I recognise the guy exercising in this video, do you?
Was a great morning and a very cool camera, if I had not committed myself to a new D600 I think I would have gone down the Olympus road, hope you like the little video + Lexy Savvides Was great to catch up with everyone.
Am I doing something wrong, the email account on the post keeps bouncing back at me, help....
Thanks + Lexy Savvides I wouldnt want to miss an opportunity to shoot with a cool new toy.
Thankyou + Lexy Savvides all appears to be working fine
Looking forward to this, I guess I may have to hold off buying that new Nikon, see everyone else there.
+ Nathan Bonnici I am sure he will know someone.
Awesome shot, I encourage everyone to leave their nice DSLR at home and try their skills at using only there camera phone, it helps you brush up on your skills and techniques
I would like to know how it compares to the low light quality of the Sony NEX 7. I am seriously thinking of dumping my DSLR so I would value your opinion Lexy.
Its a funny add but they are also having a go at their own DSLR, unless they are getting out of that market. This reminds me of a bucks day I went to 5 years ago, barefoot bowling at a local club after many hours of drinking.
Awesome stuff, just try and imagine what the DSLR's of the future will allow us to do, 2k raw video will be a standard I bet
You know I have often thought of sending a camera up into space, I am just battling with how to get it there
+ Stephen Lord what has that link got to do with the initial question?
I have had many people over the past years cut me down for claiming I take 'photos' on a mobile phone, but they will always be out there, like the people who have all the very expensive gear and look down on those who cant afford, or choose not to mortgage their house to buy an expensive camera outfit.
What would a pro like + Stephan Bollinger or + Trey Ratcliff have to say I wonder.
I would be up for that + Daniel Shortt
I was talking with a few people on the weekend about this, tried it on the iPhone, unsuccessfully.
Mmmm, these look cool, lets hope all the cat and food photo snappers like them ;-)
