Sony releases Perfect Day ad for the Playstation 4 T-minus one month to go before the PlayStation 4 launches in the United States and Canada. Last night during Monday Night Football Sony released a brand new commercial called ‘Perfect Day’ in reference to the PS4. You can check it out below the jump. Much ...
The Raid 2: Berandal gets a poster! Iko Uwais is back in The Raid: Berandal. He was the protaginist from the wildly popular The Raid: Redemption. And now we have first poster! If you haven't seen The Raid, then do yourself a favour and go to your local Netflix and watch it. It was a great ...
The Stone Roses doc Made of Stone is coming to North American theatres The Stone Roses reunion hasn’t made much of a splash on these shores, with just a pair of U.S. performances from the band at Coachella this past April. But American fans will get a closer glimpse when the concert documentary “The Stone Roses: Made of Stone”...
Google is officially part of the ultra-exclusive $1,000 club! There has to be a lot of happy Google investors today. Google stock topped $1,000 a share today (Friday) for the first time in its history. This makes it one of only a select few businesses including Priceline, Seaboard and Berkshire Hathaway to hit that ...
PS4 gamers will have to wait until 2014 for DRIVECLUB One of the more anticipated games at launch for the PS4 (at least for me) is was DRVECLUB. Today Sony announced its delay. DRIVECLUB is a socially connected next gen racing game. It is not classified as a racing simulator like the Gran Turismo, but more...
WIND Mobile to be releasing a $50/month plan in a week Apparently, WIND Mobile is preparing to add yet another tier to their rate plans. According to an internal doc acquired by Mobile Syrup, WIND will add a $50/month plan on October 24th. The name follows the same path as the other plans and named it the “WIND...
Raiders of the Lost Ark, Temple of Doom and The Last Crusade finally releasing as individual Blu-ray discs Finally!! For the first time ever, the first three films in the Indiana Jones saga will be available individually in high definition when they arrive on Digital HD November 19, 2013 and on Blu-ray with an iTunes digital copy December 17, 2013 from Lucasfil...
NPD releases Spetember 2013 video game sales figures As per usual, the Nintendo 3DS was the number selling system yet in the United States during September 2013. However, the biggest news is that the PS3 finally beat the Xbox 360 for the first time in 32 months! Of course, what helped the PS3 sales was the ...
Google beats expectations on release of Q3 2013 earnings Today, Google released their third quarter earnings for 2013, and slightly beat Wall Street expectations by reporting third-quarter earnings per share of $10.74 on revenue of $14.9 billion. This beat the forecast of $10.34 EPS on revenue of $14.8 billion. ...
Paranormal Activity: The Marked Ones gets a trailer! Paramount Pictures has released the trailer for Paranormal: The Marked Ones. This is more of a "presents" and "spin-off" than a sequel to Paranormal Activity . I admit that I have never seen any of the Paranormal films (from what I hear the first one is t...
Wes Anderson's The Grand budapest Hotel gets a trailer! Fox Searchlight Pictures has released the trailer for Wes Anderson's new film, The Grand Budapest Hotel. The film is written and directed by Anderson with a story by Anderson and Hugo Guinness. If this is anything like his previous films, The Royal Tenenb...
The Man Cave Cinema makes a guest appearance on Humble & Fred Radio Earlier this morning my friend John, the grandmaster of www.theManCaveCinema.com , was on HumbleandFredRadio.com . Humble and Fred use to be radio DJ's for one of Toronto's largest radio station, and now have their own show on Sirius Radio and online. This...
Sony releases Perfect Day ad for the Playstation 4 T-minus one month to go before the PlayStation 4 launches in the United States and Canada. Last night during Monday Night Football Sony released a brand new commercial called ‘Perfect Day’ in reference to the PS4. You can check it out below the jump. Much ...
Kick Ass 2 heads to digital December 3 and Blu-ray December 17 Universal Studios Home Entertainment has announced that Kick-Ass 2 will arrive early on digital platforms on December 3 and then on Blu-ray and DVD December 17. The movie did a lot worse than everyone expected. I loved the first one, but missed the chance ...
Rovio reveals Angry Birds Go! kart racing game Angry Birds. Everybody loves them. At one point, everyone has been addicted to its simple gameplay. Now, Rovio has revealed the newest instalment in the franchise a downhill racing game called Any Birds Go!. Go! is much like Mario Kart, with side-by-sid...
Google releases two new ads for their recently released Nexus 7 What normally makes Google ads so great is how their products are truly useful in your life and the brilliance of Google Now, which knows what you want and gives you the information when you need it. Now that the new Nexus 7 is a couple months old, Google ...
Jack Ryan: Shadow Recruit gets a global trailer! Last week we saw the domestic trailer for Jack Ryan from Paramount. Today we get the global trailer. I'm not sure how a global trailer differs from an international trailer, but it must if the name is different. Makes sense. The trailer is similar to th...
Amazon UK release their top selling video games of all time Has it already been 15 years since Amazon.co.uk been around? Is Amazon even that old? Regardless, in celebration of their 15 year anniversary, Amazon.co.uk has revealed the top-selling video gmae products in their history. It's no surprise that Grand The...
Watch The Cure plays a 2 hour show at Austin City Limits The Cure returned for its second headlining slot (!) at this year’s two-weekend Austin City Limits Music Festival. This time they played some rarities that they dredged up for shows this past week in Moterrey, Mexico, and El Paso, Texas — including super-r...
Depeche Mode full 90 minute webcast from Austin City Limits The Austin City Limits Music Festival ramped up for a second consecutive weekend, this time with many of the performances being webcast. Below, you can watch the full 90-minute set by Depeche Mode, an abbreviated version of the band’s standard Delta Machine...
Hercules: The Legend Begins directed by Renny Harlin gets a trailer! Here is the first trailer for Renny Harlin's Hercules: The Legend Begins. This is the film starring Kellan Lutz, not the Brett Ratner-directed project starring Dwayne Johnson, that we've seen so much press and twitter pics on. I really didn't know what to e...
Dear Mr. Watterson, the Calvin & Hobbes documentary, gets a trailer! Calvin & Hobbes is one of two of the greatest comic strip ever written (the other being The Far Side). Period. I was introduced to the duo in high school and have since purchased all the books and read through each of them three or four times. Each time ...
Sci-fi horror game Soma is finally revealed Soma, a sci-fi horror game, is the the next game from the people who brought you Amnesia . It should be out in 2015 for PC and PlayStation 4. The star of the game, besides yourself, is a psychotic computer (is there any other kind in entertainment worth c...
Hunger Games: Catching Fire gets a Japanese trailer! A new Japanese trailer for Lionsgate's The Hunger Games: Catching Fire has come online and can be watched below the jump. The trailer is short and sweet, but shows off a lot of the film, in terms of theme, plot and the look and feel. I was impressed with ...
New trailer for George Clooney's The Monuments Men is here! The second trailer for writer-director-star George Clooney's The Monuments Men is now here! I must admit, it looks kinda good. It seems that a lot of what Clooney touches these days turns to gold. With the recent success of Gravity, the all-star cast (OM...
TIFF Bell Lightbox getting Stanley Kubrick exhibit in 2014 The TIFF Bell Lightbox in the heart of Toronto’s entertainment district, has seen a string of great exhibitions devoted to the lives and careers of illustrious actors, directors and other movie-making luminaries. Next year, in the fall of 2014, the Lightbo...
Oldboy gets its own New York Comic Con poster! FilmDistrict has just released a new poster for Oldboy, directed by Spike Lee, especially for the New York Comic Con crowd. Unlike the bright-looking and optimistic version of the first poster (left), this one (below the jump) has more of a sense of intern...
A new trailer for David O. Russell's American Hustle arrives! Columbia Pictures has released a new trailer for David O. Russell's American Hustle. Back in the summer we got to see a teaser trailer for this film which highlighted the characters and showcased a more fun and funny looking film than what the new trailer d...
Godzilla gets a teaser trailer! A couple years ago, Warner Bros debuted a teaser trailer for their big screen reboot of Godzilla, a bleak look at a destroyed world set to a quote from J. Robert Oppenheimer that took the audience at San Diego Comic-Con by storm. That footage was screened o...
Jack Ryan: Shadow Recruit gets a trailer! Paramount has released the first trailer Jack Ryan: Shadow Recruit, the new film based on Tom Clancy's most famous character... Jack Ryan Chris Pine takes over as the hero of such Cold War-era novels-turned-films as The Hunt For Red October and Patriot Gam...
David O. Russell's American Hustle gets some character posters! Moviefone , along with Huffington Post , is debuting five brand-new character posters from director David O. Russell's ("Silver Linings Playbook") upcoming drama. Each features a main character who have all been an Oscar-winning or -nominated star from the...
Google Play cards now available in Canada! Google has finally released Google Play gift in Canada. That only took a year to make it over the border. Denominations of $15, $25 and $50 (CAD) are available from selected retailers. You can see the initial list of where to buy them over the jump. Google...
First teaser poster for Jack Ryan: Shadow Recruit hits the web! Paramount Pictures has released the first poster for director Kenneth Branagh's Jack Ryan: Shadow Recruit, starring Chris Pine, Keira Knightley, Kevin Costner, Peter Andersson, Kenneth Branagh, David Paymer and Colm Feore. You can see a bigger version of t...
Bungie announces Destiny beta and new trailer released! Bungie has announced that you can access the beta forDestiny in early 2014 by pre-ordering the game at participating retailers . The beta will be valid for PS4, PS3, Xbox One and Xbox 360, and when it goes live, you’ll be able to play most major modes and a...
Jackie Chan film CZ12 gets an action packed trailer! Jackie Chan returns (was he ever really gone?) to the big screen this year with CZ12, an action adventure project that he's written, directed, produced and stars in! Check out the film's new trailer in the player below, courtesy of iTunes Movie Trailers. Al...
Brand new Super Mario 3D World trailer for the Wii U is here! Super Mario 3D World is shaping up to look like the definitive HD version of the iconic character and his adventures, in this brand new trailer from today's Nintendo Direct. Watch Mario transform into his cat suit and pounce across the levels, beating down ...
If a 16 bit GTA V were released on SNES... Created by Majami Hiroz , here is a trailer for the SNES release of GTA 5. The irony of this is that the first GTA game was published after the age of the SNES. Check out the hilarious, yet I-wish-I-could-play-this-game below the jump. I have to admit, I ...
The Hobbit: The Desolation of Smaug trailer is here! Warner Bros. Pictures has released the new trailer for Peter Jackson's The Hobbit: The Desolation of Smaug, which you can watch below. Also, there is a new banner featuring Evangeline Lily's Tauriel and Orlando Bloom's Legolas. The film is described as fol...
Google and Kit Kat promo for Android 4.4 and Nexus 7 headed to Canada? As you may have heard Google and Kit Kat have teamed up to name the latest Android OS update and promote the hell out of it. You probably also know, if you follow Google and/or Android religiously, that the two companies have also partnered up for a specia...
Arcade Fire's Here Comes the Night Time mini concert film special on NBC is online! In case you missed it, NBC put on a special Arcade Fire mini concert movie special thingy immediately following the season premiere of SNL, which just happened to have Aracde Fire as the musical guest. The special is somewhat like a mini concert that takes...
GTAV and console sales for week ending September 21 Well it's no doubt that Grand Theft Auto V debuted to huge numbers in its opening week. Yes, it made over a billion dollars in its first week. But, don't forget it also drove up console sales of the PS3 and Xbox 360 which should contine right through unti...
