By now, you probably know which next gen console you’re picking up, but if you’re still on the fence, both Sony and Microsoft are doing their part to convince you to get their product. Sony’s latest effort features a rendition of the Lou Reed hit,…
There are iPhone cases and then there are iPhone cases. I’ve pretty much seen almost every type of iPhone 5/5S case out there so it takes a lot to really surprise me in the world of iPhone protection. However, that doesn’t mean it can’t happen. Case in…
Gaming these days almost requires you to wear a dedicated headset for not just audio chat, but also game audio. The days of playing games without a headset are pretty much over as television speakers just can’t beat the type of immersion you get wearing a…
A few weeks ago, I took a look at the JisonCase Classic Smart Case for the iPad Mini. I found it to be a very good case that offered great protection and style. Of course there are other tablets out there and I happen to also have a Samsung Galaxy Tab 3…
Halloween is fast approaching and I know some of you out there are looking for Halloween inspired games and apps for your children. Why not check out Room on the Broom Games, based on the best selling book by Julia Donaldson. In the game, you play as a…
"Millie Was Here" Series Free for 1 Day Parent’s of small children may want to check this out. For 1 day only, the entire Millie Was Here series of interactive storybooks on the iPad are free. These apps have won numerous awards in the past and not only that, they are fun for children as well.…
By now, you probably know which next gen console you’re picking up, but if you’re still on the fence, both Sony and Microsoft are doing their part to convince you to get their product. Sony’s latest effort features a rendition of the Lou Reed hit,…
If there’s one thing we haven’t quite yet been able to rid of, it’s the key. As much as we’d like to try and avoid keys, there’s always something that needs them, whether it be a door, a mailbox, or anything else. We don’t quite live in an all digital…
When you think iPhone 5/5S cases, you usually think of a snap on style case that only protects the sides and rear of your device. This wasn’t always the case though with mobile phones. There was a time when pouch style cases were popular, but that went…
Calendarium is an app for those who want to know more about their day. It’s not your typical calendar app used for scheduling. Instead, Calendarium is an app used to learn about history, mainly events that occurred on the current day throughout the…
The last time I’ve played a good drifting game, it was with Drift Mania Championship 2. This was a game that mimicked a lot of what you see in the real life Formula Drift series and most of the drifting action was contained in closed circuit tracks. The…
As most of you probably know, my main tablet is an iPad. I use it on a daily bases for gaming, Internet browsing, emails, catching up on news, and even for work. It does everything I want it to do and it does it well. However, if there was one thing I…
Drifting fans rejoice as Ratrod Studio’s followup to their popular Drift Mania series has finally arrived, and not just on iOS, but not multiple platforms. Drift Mania: Street Outlaws takes drifting away from the track and out in the open streets of…
If you’re still holding out on getting yourself a decent gaming headset, you have another choice on the market now. Skullcandy today announced the availability of a new limited edition Assassin’s Creed IV Black Flag SLYR gaming headset that features a new…
Even though we are still pretty deep into the life of the iPad Mini, there are always new cases coming out for it as well as new manufacturers making cases for it. That means that whenever you grow bored of your current case, you can always be guaranteed…
With Halloween coming up, you might be looking for some Halloween themed apps and games for your children to get them in the mood for this spooky holiday. A new app that is available now is that of Room on the Broom Games, which is based on the #1 best…
ASTRO Gaming has always made some pretty fantastic gaming headsets and are considered some of the best you can buy. It’s amazing though that they’ve never had an officially licensed Microsoft gaming headset for the Xbox 360 despite the fact that many…
If you’re a parent looking for high quality headsets for your children, but want to make sure that they are protected against damaging sound levels, check out KidzSafe’s latest line of child friendly headphones. KidzSafe MyDesign D.I.Y. Headphones and…
On the quest to find more iOS7 specific apps, I came across Begin, a to-do manager made specifically for iOS7. That means that this app only works for those running Apple’s latest iOS and features design elements to match that of iOS7, flat, minimalistic,…
Now here’s something interesting coming out of Samsung, it’s the new Samsung Galaxy Round, the world’s first curved display smartphone. In essence, it’s a larger Galaxy phone that looks like it’s been pushed in down the center of the phone, giving it a…
If you’re the type of person who never has enough time to keep up with current events or even the type who doesn’t know what is going on in the world, you may want to take a look at Circa News, which has been completely redesigned for iOS7. Circa News…
I don’t know what it is about iOS7, but ever since it’s come out, there have been a ton of to-do lists and note apps coming out of the woodwork. Many of them are being featured now thanks to updating their look and feel to be more iOS7-ish. One such app…
If you’re the type who likes to try new foods or new restaurants, you probably have a few food recommendation apps already installed on your phone. They probably have served you well on your food adventures, but there’s always room for one more, right?…
If you’re looking for a simple, almost invisible protection for your newly purchased iPhone 5S or iPhone 5C, you may want to give booq’s latest Complete Protection Kit a look. The Complete Protection Kit from booq offers iPhone users a complete solution…
You know what I love about Apple’s iOS devices? The sheer amount of children’s apps available for them. There are so many really good apps for them to play around with and not only that, many of them are highly educational. I’m a big fan of diversity so…
I was a big fan of Drift Mania 2 and actually got pretty good at it. It was a fun racing game that offered up a lot of challenge but of course after a while, you just move on and start playing something else. Well, I’m glad to see that there will be a new…
Social networking apps are still very huge despite the fact that there are so many of them right now. The trick is to come out with one that has a specific feature that no one else really has and go with it. For instance, Loop is a social network that has…
This is true. haha. I think they do this so they can also import all your contacts, if any of them happen to be using the app as well.
Word games are pretty popular on the App Store and I myself have played my fair share of them. The only reason I even play word games really is because my wife is into them and we occasionally play word games that offer multiplayer options. However, there…
Veteran travelers know that if there’s one place you really want to go to rest up and make the best of an airport wait or layover, it’s the airport lounges. These hidden gems allows passengers to wait in style, offering them such amenities as free food,…
This supposedly is the upcoming Logitech MFI iPhone Game Controller that will arrive soon for iOS7 equipped devices, mainly for the iPhone 5 / 5S and maybe 5C. Overall not bad looking and give the entire unit a PSP sort of look to it. Whether or not this…
If you own a Samsung Galaxy Note device, you may want to check out Samsung’s latest offering, Pen.Up. Pen.Up is an exclusive app for Galaxy Note owners that allows them to join a community of Note users and share their creativity with the S Pen. You can…
Today, Bungie and Sony released the new Destiny Gameplay Trailer: The Moon, for eager fans. The big news however is that with every pre-order of Destiny, fans will be able to access the upcoming beta and play Destiny before it hits store shelves. Judging…
Want the inside scoop on what’s hot and trending today without having to spent too much time jumping from website to website? Check out the new TOPTEN app from Nielsen, the company best known for collecting statistical data and translating them into…
If you’re a big television watcher, most likely you have a television guide type app you already use from your cable or satellite TV provider. Those are great for searching when shows come on or scheduling your DVR if you have that, but more than likely,…
Momento isn’t a new app, in fact, it’s several years old, but it’s worth a mention again because of its latest update. The latest update adds iOS7 compatibility as well as a new, flatter look that compliments the look and feel of iOS7. What is Momento?…
If there’s one theme in gaming that is probably just as popular as zombies, it’s probably pandas. Yes, those cute and cuddly black and white bears have been the subject of many games. For example, Perfect Hit! from Five Star Games is an “aim and flick”…
If you’re like me, you’re probably searching for apps that have been designed for iOS7 in order to take advantage of all the new features. For me though, I just want apps to look like they belong on iOS7 and have the same flat, minimalistic look. That…
Take a close look at the new Jot Script Fine Point Stylus because I’m willing to guess that you’ve never seen an iOS stylus with a tip that small before. You’re looking at a 1.9mm tip, meaning it’s as close to a real pen as you can get that will…
If you’ve been holding off on getting a Nintendo 3DS XL, now may be the time to buy. Nintendo today announced the availability of new special-edition Pokémon X and Pokémon Y Nintendo 3DS XL Systems. These will feature special Pokémon X and Pokémon Y…
If you’re a long time iOS user, you’ve probably noticed that there are certain apps that seem to take up a whole bunch of space on your device for no apparent reason. For instance, Instagram and Facebook can balloon way past 500mb each as well as other…
If you’re looking for what I think is one of the best Android tablets out there, look no further than the Samsung Galaxy Note 10.1 2014 edition. This is my opinion is the best tablet Samsung makes and should be chosen over the similar Galaxy Tab. Why?…
