Sony brings Xperia Z1, Z Ultra, Smartwatch 2 to U.S. market - CNET News (Credit: Luke Westaway/CNET) If you've been waiting to get your hands on Sony's latest mobile gear in America, today's the day. Sony has just placed unlocked versions of its Xperia Z1 and Xperia Z Ultra Android handsets up for sale at its U.S. retail website. The company has also added its Smartwatch 2 []
Australia bushfires destroy scores of homes - AL JAZEERA ENGLISH (AJE) Firefighters in Australia are continuing to fight some of the worst bushfires to hit the country in a decade, preparing for worsening conditions. In the Blue Mountains west of Sydney, one of the worst-hit regions in fire-ravaged New South Wales state, 300 homes have been either destroyed or []
Real 'Wolf of Wall Street' still owes millions: prosecutors - Entertainment NY Daily News Joe Kohen/Joe Kohen Court papers say the real 'Wolf of Wall Street,' Jordan Belfort (pictured), has only repaid a fraction of the $ 110 million in restitution he was ordered to pay to his victims. Belfort calls the accusations 'a complete fabrication.' Who's unpaid by the big, bad []
Suicide blast kills at least 16 Syrian security personnel - Reuters: Top News BEIRUT Sat Oct 19, 2013 4:33am EDT (Reuters) At least 16 members of Syria's security forces were killed by a suicide vehicle bomber and ensuing clashes with rebels at a checkpoint on the outskirts of Damascus on Friday, an opposition monitoring group said. Syrian state television reported the blast but []
Jets bomb Syrian city after intelligence general killed - Reuters: Top News A Free Syrian Army fighter carries his weapon as he takes position inside a tunnel in Deir al-Zor October 15, 2013. Picture taken October 15, 2013. Credit: Reuters/Khalil Ashawi By Dominic Evans BEIRUT Fri Oct 18, 2013 4:45pm EDT (Reuters) Syrian air force jets bombarded the eastern city of Deir []
Maldives police stop presidential poll re-run - AL JAZEERA ENGLISH (AJE) Police in the Maldives have forced the postponement of the re-run of the presidential poll, declaring the vote illegal and blocking ballot papers from leaving the offices of the Elections Commission. The election had been due to take place on Saturday, but "a new date for elections will be informed []
Greek police appeal over blonde girl - BBC News Home Police have released the girl's photo in the hope of identifying her []
Myst creators crowdfund new game Obduction - Gaming and Culture The latest in the geek life CNET News Like Myst, Obduction will feature beautiful environments. (Credit: Cyan) Released in 1993, Myst was a groundbreaking game. Its gorgeous, immersive world full of puzzles challenged players to use their minds and problem-solving skills rather than weapons. Cyan, the studio behind both Myst []
GP exam 'unfair to minorities' - BBC News Home By Divya Talwar BBC Asian Network The clinical skills test was introduced in 2010 UK ethnic minority doctors are four times more likely than white candidates to fail their clinical GP exam, the General Medical Council has found. The review []
Maldives police step in to preven rerun of presidential election
High-speed rail 'losers' revealed - BBC News Business KPMG's report listed the regions that would benefit, but left out the rest The areas that could lose out if a new north-to-south rail link is built have been revealed for the first time. HS2 would make more than 50 []
‘Fit Mom’ on Kate Middleton’s Flat Stomach - Health By Gillian Mohney Oct 18, 2013 1:13pm Kate Middleton took part in a friendly volleyball game for a charity athlete workshop. (Danny Martindale/Getty Images) The “Fit Mom,” whose photo of herself posing in a bikini with her three young sons caused an uproar this week, told ABC News that she applauds Kate Middleton for shedding her baby weight. []
Lebanese hostages in Syria freed - AL JAZEERA ENGLISH (AJE) Qatar's foreign minister says nine Lebanese hostages held in Syria since last year have been released. Khaled al-Attiyah said on Friday that Qatar helped secure the release of the hostages, who were among eleven people captured in Aleppo last May by the Northern Storm brigade, an affiliate of []
Wait: What About Europe's Other Banking Crisis?! - World The Huffington Post The European Banking crisis is old news. False. The Western European Banking crisis is old news. The crisis in "the banks of Europe" has not been fully covered. Last Thursday, the Institute of International Finance (IIF) produced a report highlighting the sharp contrast in borrowing rates for SME's in peripheral []
Tennant's Richard II rules at RSC - BBC News Entertainment & Arts By Tim Masters Entertainment and arts correspondent, BBC News Tennant's hair "takes some getting used to" wrote one newspaper critic David Tennant's latest role sees him transformed into a king with flowing locks in the Royal Shakespeare Company's (RSC) []
Taliban attack breaks months of quiet in Kabul - Reuters: Top News By Mirwais Harooni and Jessica Donati KABUL Fri Oct 18, 2013 5:05pm EDT (Reuters) The Taliban attacked a convoy of foreign vehicles in Kabul on Friday with gunfire and a suicide car bomb that was heard across the Afghan capital, the first major incident there since July. Two Afghan civilians []
Major piracy site to be shut down - BBC News Technology By Dave Lee Technology reporter, BBC News IsoHunt lists many popular TV programmes and movies available to download illegally IsoHunt, a popular website offering BitTorrents of mostly pirated material, is to shut down following a court settlement. The site's owner, []
RBS urges staff to focus on recovery - BBC News Business Mr McEwan said the debate about a break-up had consumed a lot of management time Royal Bank of Scotland's new chief executive has told staff not to be distracted by speculation that the company may be broken up. In a []
Labour demands 'go home' text costs - The Guardian World News Theresa May, home secretary. The Home Office says the number of complaints about the texts is smaller than the 400 reported. Photograph: David Gadd/Allstar/Sportsphoto Ltd Labour has demanded to know how much the Home Office has spent on sending almost 40,000 texts to members of the public saying they should go []
Lead-based underwear designed in Japan to help fight Fukushima disaster
Pussy Riot member withdraws release appeal in support for hunger-striking friend
Thousands of UK's poor in court over non-payment of council tax
Death home saw 'institutional abuse' - BBC News Home Orchid View, which has since reopened under new management, was run by Southern Cross A care home where 19 residents died was riddled with "institutionalised abuse", a coroner has said. Penelope Schofield has ruled neglect contributed to five of the []
Deadly suicide attack on Kabul foreign convoy - AL JAZEERA ENGLISH (AJE) A Taliban suicide bomber detonated an explosives-laden car in Kabul on Friday outside a compound where many foreign workers are based, killing at least two civilians, Afghan officials said. The blast was followed by bursts of gunfire as Afghan quick-reaction forces rushed to the scene at the Green []
Scuffles in France over Roma girl deportation - AL JAZEERA ENGLISH (AJE) Thousands of high school students are protesting in Paris over the expulsion of immigrant children and their families. Police have used tear gas against some of the protesters. Friday's demonstration comes as the government is finalising a report into the treatment of a 15-year-old girl taken by police from []
Charred Kenya mall bodies 'highly likely' to be gunmen-lawmaker
Saudi Arabia rejects UN Security Council seat - AL JAZEERA ENGLISH (AJE) Saudi Arabia has rejected its newly acquired seat on the UN Security Council, saying the 15-member body is incapable of resolving world conflicts such as the Syrian civil war. The announcement came just hours after the kingdom was elected as one of the council's 10 non-permanent members. In a []
Friday Poll: What do you want most from Apple's event? - CNET News An allegedly leaked image of the next iPad. (Credit: Sonny Dickson) Thanks to the nonstop grind of the Apple rumor mill, next week's anticipated announcements may contain no surprises whatsoever. Here's the quick rundown of what is expected: A face-lifted iPad 5, Retina iPad Mini, OS X Mavericks pricing and release date, new []
Firefighters call off strike over pensions - The Guardian World News An FBU picket during a strike by firefighters. Photograph: Barbara Cook/Demotix/Corbis Firefighters have called off a planned strike on Saturday after progress in a dispute over pensions. They had been due to walk out for five hours from 6.30pm in protest at changes that the Fire Brigade Union says will mean []
