How will Sony's new Mirorrless Full Frame affect the DSLR market?
It is here. The recession before the tidal wave. I said it a year ago... and now.
How will Sony's new Mirorrless Full Frame affect the DSLR market?
Happened a year ago, but I just found it. I loved the mini-series on HBO and thought that it was "real" when it first came out. That RAW look that did not glamorize the drug life like so many movies and videos had done at the time. I still remember the lines "spider bags, black tops" and when DeAndre was schooled on whether or not a woman really loved him by the way she made a sandwich. I have never seen The Wire, but I think that is going to be the next series I catch up on. LD
"It’s a sad time for me because my favorite representative, Minnesota Congresswoman and piano teacher who sits too close to you, Michele Bachmann, is not running for re-election. She is a true #conservative with a true vision of our country's future, or possibly of a coat rack or a bird. I could never tell what she was looking at." -- Stephen Colbert
As part of its 125th anniversary, National Geographic is launching “Women of Vision: National Geographic Photographers on Assignment." Photo © Stephanie Sinclair. More on PDN Photo of the Day: #photojournalism
Photomatix Pro 5 - How to Use the Contrast Optimizer ► [ j.mp/1ebbQxr ] In the last video, I have shown you the new features of Photomatix Pro 5. And probably the most important one of these features is the Contrast Optimizer . The Contrast Optimizer is a new tone mapping method that is tailored to produce more realistic results than the well-known Details Enhancer. In the video below, I will show you a workflow for setting the parameters of the Contrast Optimizer, and I will tell you what each slider does and how to use them. #photomatix #hdr #tutorial #photography
An Interview with Brooke Shaden Fine art photographer + Brooke Shaden sits down with me to discuss her new book titled "Inspiration in Photography". We dive into what it takes to create that spark of inspiration, and some sure-fire ways to generate some really cool ideas for your next photo.
It takes a lot of nerve to remake the Sissy Spacek version of the movie Carrie , but this viral stunt/prank video in NYC makes me like their chances...
Spiral staircase in the Vatican Shot with my trusty iPhone
Just got the news my book is on it's way to peachpit From now it can take between 6-7 weeks before release, so it could be a great Xmas gift. To celebrate this we will have a 24 hour shopping frenzy at our direct video download page ANY download you buy with the code "book" will give you a 50% discount !!!!! This is only valid for 24 hours so shop fast, and spread the coupon so other people can also benefit.
Just a few items I have For Sale on ebay; all being sold separately... Nikon D800, Nikon D7000, Nikon 70-200mm f/2.8 VR and a Nikon 24-70mm f/2.8
The Infinity of Tokyo Last night the amazing PhotoWalk ended at this Italian restaurant atop a building in Harajuku. There were over a hundred people inside at the party. I gave a speech about the effects of Japanese ukiyo-e woodblock prints on the Impressionist movement and how this tradition now continues online with Google+. The Google+ community is so alive and vibrant here in Japan -- it is really inspiring on many levels. Right after that, I discovered there was a huge balcony out the side door with an amazing view of the city! I went out there with + Vic Gundotra + Bradley Horowitz and a few others to grab a shot of the view. Here are more photos from the PhotoWalk -- https://plus.google.com/events/gallery/ctl6f7h6a16p8gh5b8qjp5p3v5c
Indoor lights outdoors thanks to my new Godox pack; Happy Days
Hands-on Photo Tip: Single Exposure Blending ► [ j.mp/18rFX06 ] In this Hands-on Photo Tip, I will show you how to develop two separate versions of a single RAW image file and blend them together in Photoshop. One version is optimized for the highlights and the other one is optimized for the shadows. In this way, you can work on the different regions of your image separately which gives you much more flexibility for optimizing the overall photo. #photography #exposureblending
The young lads are destined for fantastic things in their future. Awesome stuff.
Good Morning my friends! As I promised this is a low-res Before and After of my recent uploaded photo. One photo - Only Sunlight - Fast Shutter Speed - High ISO - and A LOT of post processing. ( Also would like to give my apologies to all my friends on google+ for this week and next weeks lack of activity due to moving to a new home, so I have been a little too busy getting everything sorted but wont be long ) (LEFT) -------Before (RIGHT) -------After
Olympus OMD EM1 with 7-14mm lens flare issue compared! Hi everyone, as some of you know, the Lumix 7-14mm ultra wide zoom has some flare issues which cause undesirable purple blobs when fitted on an Olympus body and pointed at bright lights. It's a non-issue for natural landscapes and daytime architecture, but for interiors and night cityscapes it can be a real problem. Interestingly though it's not a big issue when fitted on Panasonic bodies... so what's going on? I investigated further and compared the results when the 7-14mm was fitted to the new OMD EM1, the earlier OMD EM5 and the newish Lumix GX7. Check out the lens flare link on my review-in-progress at
I just got my new Nikon D800 yesterday from Adorama. I upgraded from the Nikon D200. I took the camera out on a photo walk after work. This is a HDR photograph taken with 3 bracketed shots, handheld. Post processing was done using Adobe Bridge CS6, Photomatix 4.2.7, Adobe Photoshop CS6, and Silver Efex Pro 2. The level of detail that the D800 captures is phenomenal.
+ kong chang Thank you. I'm glad to be in the group now!
The D200 compared to the D800 is like night and day. D800 blows the D200 out of the water in every way. I did a test shot with the D800 at ISO 4000 and it looked fine, very usable. I look forward to checking out your work + Ronny H. Kavli .
Every assignment presents opportunities to play, learn and grow. Here, shooting + Laura Soares for CBS and Fashion Week, I went with some subtle light sculpting. All of the light in this frame, of every color temperature, is from the same light source in 13 frames. I like when I shoot with subjects who have clearly worked with many, many, MANY photographers and seeing them react with "Well, that's new!"
it's a suckerpunch and it's what we call the breaks as promised, here is the BTS video showing how i did this week's + Movie Mashup Tuesday poster featuring + Nijmeh R in the starring roll. as always, if you have any questions feel free to ask away + Movie Mashup Tuesday is brought to you each week by + Isabelle Fortin and myself ...enjoy .
+ Jean-Philippe Jouve Thanks for your comments. Yes, the eyes is the focus point in this photograph. What do you think of the picture?
This is the composite I did at the burnt wood location. First I shot 36 photographs of the background. Then I started doing my self portraits with myself in the shot. In Photoshop, I stitched the 36 pictures together into a pretty long panoramic picture, then added myself into that high resolution background as a composite.
Here's another shot (side view) from that BMW 650i studio shoot This was lit with two very long stripbank softboxes, but even with them it wasn't long enough to light the entire car, so we'd take a shot; move one of the softboxes down a foot or so then take another shot and so on. It took about seven shots to get it fully lit like you see here. Here's a behind-the-scenes video from the shoot:
Tell a friend, co-worker, associate, designer, business owner, artist or parent. Tell everyone if you want... that Ra Hall - Photographer is open and booking appointments in and out of Philly this fall. ArtThruTheEyeOvRa will be shooting in Harlem, Brooklyn and Manhatten in October. Pass the word...
I spent Thursday evening photographing Margo Siebert, a local actress who is at a very exciting time in her quickly accelerating acting career. It was via the Howard County Arts Council, with whom I have been working for the last four years. We had strobes, and I fully intended to use them. But the available light onsite was so beautiful and fluid that we just went with it for several setups (including this one) until after the sun had set. Only then did I pull out a single flash -- a LumoPro LP180, which was the only light I used the whole shoot. Sometimes I don't even know me anymore.
Song of the day for me...
