View DVD movies on Sony Xperia Z1/Xperia Z Ultra/Xperia Z with best quality Description: Get the best DVD to Sony Xperia Z ripper to convert your DVD collection to the best video format for Sony Xperia Z1, Xperia Z Ultra and Xperia Z. Have you gathered boxes of DVD movies at home? Have you had the thought of moving them to your So...
Amazon Kindle Fire HDX 7 and 8.9-inch tablets launch in UK The Amazon Kindle Fire HDX was initially launched in the US a few weeks ago but now it looks like Amazon is taking the fight to the iPad Mini here in the UK. Amazon has unveiled the Kindle Fire HDX 7-inch and 8.9-inch tablets along with an updated Kindle ...
Record Blu-ray/DVD Digital Copy to Asus MeMo Pad HD 7 on Windows/Mac Description: The simplest solution of removing DRM protection and recording Blu-ray/DVD Digital Copy to Asus MeMo Pad HD 7, Kindle Fire HDX 7, Kindle Fire HDX 8.9, Galaxy Tab 3, Galaxy Note 3, Galaxy S4/S3, Xperia Z1, HTC One Mini, etc. Android tablets an...
Rip 2D/3D Blu-ray movies to SBS 3D MP4 or MKV for 3D TV playback Want to watch SBS 3D Movie on your 3D TV? Pavtube 3D Blu-ray Ripper rips 2D/3D Blu-ray to side-by-side 3D MP4 or MKV for playing on 3D TV with great 3D effect.
Rip 2D Blu-ray movies to Side-by-Side 3D MKV for 3D LG TV with great 3D effect Description: This article walks you through the whole process of transferring 2D Blu-ray movies to Side-by-Side 3D MKV video with best 3D video quality on LG TV. “I have a big problem with 3D. My final goal is to watch my 2D Blu-ray on LG TV with 3D effect...
Rip Blu-ray and DVD movies to Kindle Fire HD 8.9 for watching with best video quality Have you ever thought of copying some of your Blu-ray titles onto the 8.9-inch Kindle Fire to make full use of 1920x1200 8.9" HD display? Like many other tablets, Kindle Fire HD 8.9 does not deliver native support for Blu-ray/DVD movies, so if you have the ...
View DVD movies on Sony Xperia Z1/Xperia Z Ultra/Xperia Z with best quality Description: Get the best DVD to Sony Xperia Z ripper to convert your DVD collection to the best video format for Sony Xperia Z1, Xperia Z Ultra and Xperia Z. Have you gathered boxes of DVD movies at home? Have you had the thought of moving them to your So...
Play Blu-ray and DVD Movies in 16:9 display aspect ratio Most people are more inclined to a 16:9 screen since it is a good compromise that fits a lot of movie formats without too much pillar boxing or letterboxing, not to mention it fits all HDTV programming perfectly. If you intend to digitalize your Blu-ray DVD...
Aspect Ratios Explained: What is an aspect ratio and Types of aspect ratio Summary: A definition of aspect ratio, and the different types of aspect ratios such as 4:3 and 16:9 are described. What is an aspect ratio? An aspect ratio is simply a figure that represents the width-to-height ratio of an image. The easiest way to expla...
Best solution to make Galaxy Note 3 play Blu-ray and DVD movies (Mac/Windows) Description: Find the easiest way to convert the latest Blu-ray and DVD movies to Samsung Galaxy Note 3 highly supported video formats with subtitles. Then you can watch Blu-ray/DVD movies on your new Note 3 anytime with perfect audio and video synchroniza...
How to Add Blu-ray ISO files to iPhone 5S & iPhone 5C with iTunes on Mac OS X In this post we offer an easy way to add your Blu-ray ISO image files from Mac to iPhone 5S/5C with iTunes for watching anywhere and anytime. Are you an iPhone 5S person or an iPhone 5C person? Have you got your new iPhone 5S or iPhone 5C yet? Once Apple ...
40% OFF Upgrade Free MTS/M2TS Converter for Mac from App Store to official retail version (Only 2 Days!) Good news on this weekend (2013, Oct 12~13th)! Pavtube now offer 40% OFF to upgrade your Free MTS/M2TS Converter for Mac to Paid MTS/M2TS Converter for Mac , the official retail version, which is just updated several days ago and perfect support more lat...
40% OFF: Upgrade Pavtube Free MTS/M2TS Converter for Mac to official retail version (only $17.4) Good news on this weekend (2013, Oct 12~13th)! Pavtube now offer 40% OFF to upgrade your Free MTS/M2TS Converter for Mac to Paid MTS/M2TS Converter for Mac , the official retail version, which is just updated several days ago and perfect support more lat...
Play iTunes Music, Video, Movie on Sony Xperia Z1/Xperia Z Ultra without DRM restriction In this article you would learn how to legally free iTunes videos from DRM protection and transfer your iTunes videos to Sony Xperia Z1/Xperia Z Ultra. Sony has unveiled its latest addition to its Xperia Z series, Xperia Z1 and Xperia Z Ultra. Packing a l...
Put/Transfer Blu-ray ISO image file to Sony Xperia Z1/Xperia Z Ultra Here I present the easiest method to put and play Blu-ray ISO image file on Sony Xperia Z1/Xperia Z Ultra with Top Blu-ray ISO Converter. “I am trying to convert a Blu Ray ISO image file to MP4 so that I can wath it on my newly arrived Sony Xperia Z1. What’...
Amazon WMV DRM Removal: Play Amazon Instant Video on Nexus 10 If you have problems about playing Amazon Instant Video on your Nexus 10 tablet, you can check out the tutorial to Remove DRM from Amazon WMV and record Amazon Instant Video(.wmv) to your Nexus 10. Have you purchased lots of WMV videos from Amazon store an...
Workflow: Enable Avid MC/Premiere Pro Load AVCHD/MP4 from Canon Vixia HF G30 AVCHD/MP4 files Avid MC/Premiere Pro solution: step by step guide showing you how to importCanon Vixia HF G30 AVCHD/MP4 to Avid MC/Premiere Pro for further editing. The Canon VIXIA HF G30 is a prosumer camera that shoots 1920 x 1080 Full HD video in eith...
Transfer Blu-ray/DVD ISO Files to Galaxy Note 3 on Mac Want to enjoy high quality HD Movies on your new Galaxy Note 3 phone? This article shows you how to rip Blu-ray/DVD ISO image files to Galaxy Note 3 playable video format for watching on the go. What’s the hottest Android smart phone in 2013? Samsung Ga...
Copy G.I. Joe Retaliation Blu-ray/DVD Movie to Computer Hard Drive without quality lossless G.I. Joe Retaliation is a good and popular film now. You may just purchase the Blu-ray version of this movie. If tou want to copy G.I. Joe: Retaliation Blu-ray movies to computer hard drive, it may take a lot of energy. However, Magic Blu-ray copy can help...
Amazon WMV Nexus 10: Play Amazon Instant Video on Nexus 10 If you have problems about playing Amazon Instant Video on your Nexus 10 tablet, you can check out the tutorial to Remove DRM from Amazon WMV and record Amazon Instant Video(.wmv) to your Nexus 10. Have you purchased lots of WMV videos from Amazon store ...
VLC won't play my Blu-ray Movies? Rip Blu-ray to VLC support formats on Windows 8 Question: Can VLC play Blu-ray films? "I just tried to play a Blu-ray disc and VLC says Your input can't be opened: VLC is unable to open the MRL 'dvd://E:\'. Check the log for details. I have a disc in the drive! Will it not play because my monitor is in 4...
Convert Sony HVR-Z5U MTS to Apple ProRes 422 for editing in FCP This article will show you how to easily transcode Sony HVR-Z5U MTS footage to Apple ProRes 422 for FCP editing; it also support to output compatible format for playback on Mac or portable devices all at your needs. “I’m a videographer and editor. Recentl...
Top DRM Video Recorder Review + Guide: Record purchased and rental DRM-protected M4V/WMV video This article is a Review of the Top DRM Video Recorder, we will cover its conversion theory, main features, compatible OS, supported input and output formats, pros and cons, etc. with the intent to help you find the best DRM Video Recorder Guide to get all ...
Transfer iTunes, Digital Copy, Amazon Videos to Galaxy Note 3 In below article you can learn about how to legally get rid of DRM copy protection from iTunes M4V, Amazon WMV and Digital Copy to freely play them anywhere you like. As Samsung has unveiled the Galaxy Note 3, the second sequel in a series of supersized s...
Convert Sony Handycam HDR-PJ790V/PJ780 MTS to iMovie/FCE Follow this article to quick learn how to convert and import Sony Handycam HDR-PJ790V/780 AVCHD MTS file to iMovie/FCE for editing on Mac. Sony Handycam HDR-PJ790V/PJ780 are very popular models among Sony Handycam series and many people prefer to shoot vaca...
How to watch Blu-ray movies on Samsung Galaxy Note 3 This article aims to help you quick transfer your Blu-ray disc/ISO/folder to Galaxy Note 3 within 3 steps. Samsung Galaxy Note 3, as one...
Problem Importing M4V files into Final Cut Express Having difficulty in importing M4V in Final Cut Express? This detailed guide will show you the reason and how to convert M4V files to Fin...
Alternative of MakeMKV & Handbrake: Convert and Deinterlace 1080i Blu-ray contents on Windows/Mac Description: If you have problems in converting and d einterlacing 1080i Blu-ray, here is right for you. The article will show how to co...
How to Sync SD/HD Videos and Movies to iPhone, iPod, iPad with iTunes? Do you have some HD videos in MKV/AVI/WMV/MTS/MXF/MPG/Tivo/FLV format? You may downloaded then from YouTube, forum; be emailed from frien...
Remove DRM from M4V, Import M4V file to Premiere Pro with best video/audio quality A step-by-step guide to walk you through removing DRM protection from iTunes M4V and converting iTunes M4V to Premiere Pro on Windows/Mac...
Enable Galaxy Tab 3 to play MKV/AVI/VOB/Tivo/MPG/WMV/FLV/F4V video without any limitation This guide helps you to easily transfer SD/HD videos (MKV, AVI, VOB, Tivo, MPG, WMV, MOV, M4V, VRO, FLV, F4V Videos) to Samsung Galaxy Ta...
Top 5 Best DRM Removal Programs Review for Android, Windows 8 Tablets/Phones Are you looking for DRM Removal software? This article covers the best DRM Removal programs to use for legally removing DRM protection fr...
How to Transfer/Copy Digital Copy movie to Surface RT? Got an error message when you tried to copy a Digital Copy movie to your Surface RT? Here you will find an effective way to achieve your ...
Sync Amazon Videos/Movies to iTunes for iPhone 5S/5C, iPhone 5, iPhone 4S, iPod 5... Amazon Store offers instant streaming on the Kindle Fire, as well as PC, Mac, Roku, and hundreds of TVs and Blu-ray players. All of your...
