Sony's website says that the new FF cameras are "Compatible with Sony E-mount and full frame lenses." I read this to mean that the previous lenses that you have been using (ie the 10-18mm) would work on these new cameras..??
Two talking points I would like to address: 1) Concealed carries are the answer and 2) Bad people will still find a way to get guns. 1) As far as concealed carry permits go, I don’t think a CC would have made a difference in Connecticut or Colorado. A Glock 26 or an LCP cannot stop an AR-15. Realistically, you can only fight fire with fire. In order to overcome someone with an assault rifle, you would probably need an assault rifle yourself. Perhaps a ban on assault rifles would give CC permits increased viability, as they would carry more relative power. 2) As far as “Bad people will still find a way to get guns,” I don’t think this is very true. I would have no idea where to buy an illegal weapon and I don’t think the nerdy reclusive loners who commit these mass shootings would either. In each case, they seem to be limited to the guns their parents owned or the guns their friends’ parents owned. I don’t think the type of kids committing these crimes have the black market connections which this talking point implies. I am a gun owner and have no problem with a renewal on the assault weapons ban. Honestly, I consider these types of weapons to be toys and after this past week, they are toys I can do without. I would appreciate feedback on these two points.
+ Ross Newberry Ross, thanks for addressing my point. It is interesting that you feel that way. I have only used my gun in a "real life" situation once and I was nervous. I guess my main point was that a smaller gun (the type you would use as a concealed carry) with 6-10 rounds does not seem very capable of addressing the threat that an assault rifle presents. I do think that if assault rifles were to "disappear" then CC type firearms (glock 26, p229) would be a more realistic option to address random violent crime.
Never mind, I found my answer.
