+ Benjamin Timmins Adobe doesn't do "editing in the cloud" really. They sell you subscriptions to their software which you can download from the "cloud." Google's tools are based in the cloud. No download required. No processing pulled from your computer like Adobe. Adobe just used the word cloud because it's popular. It's marketing.
Well that's part of my point, that's collaboration, that's not cloud based editing. Yes, Adobe has the tools, but they haven't even scratched the surface of putting server power towards the end user. Google is. What would you say if the next generation of G+ came with the Nik Collection built in? When it comes to leveraging the power of the cloud, ya google is way ahead. enabling collaborative efforts? Ok that goes to Adobe.
Not saying it has to be one or the other, just trying to clarify where we are at currently with the tools that are out there. I'm hoping in the future we'll have applications that will be able to utilize cloud based systems to assist in the workload, but swap to local power when disconnected. Allow collaboration on work, and tons more. But right now, when looking at cloud based systems, Google is ahead. When looking at desktop power, and cloud services, Adobe has a good start on tying them together. I guess + Frederick Van Johnson it's a where we are now compared to where we all would like to be instead lol
What is the fee for the workshop? Didn't see it in the description.
interesting points + Gino Barasa I don't think this service is really aimed at the guys that do the heavy editing yet. This is now for the amateur, the one getting into dslr's and mirrorless systems and wants to do basic edits to raw files. HOWEVER this could be the foundation for say, the entire NIK Collection being integrated into Gplus. Silver Effex, etc. I don't know if that's true, but maybe? Plus, those who use primarily lightroom or Photoshop Elements, this offers a great alternative that's free. You, sir, are not that user. So should you care? Maybe keep an eye on it for future updates, but right now probably doesn't help your workflow at all.
