Sony A7 and A7r - Game Changing Cameras? Sony today unveiled the leaked, and much anticipated full frame cameras in a small mirrorless body. Reactions have been mostly positive around the net, myself included. This is the camera I have been waiting for a long time. Small, full frame, and most impo...
Photo Set with Carl Zeiss Jena Sonnar 200mm f2.8 Maybe I am getting old, but I don't like to lug big heavy lenses for shooting anymore. This Carl Zeiss Jena Sonnar 200mm f2.8 is huge compared to a modern Canon AF version, and at almost twice the weight. Strangely, it balances much better on the bigger Can...
Sony A7 and A7r - Game Changing Cameras? Sony today unveiled the leaked, and much anticipated full frame cameras in a small mirrorless body. Reactions have been mostly positive around the net, myself included. This is the camera I have been waiting for a long time. Small, full frame, and most impo...
How Will the NEX Full Frame Affect the Leica M? The imminent release of the Sony NEX full frame A7 and A7r will be the only rangefinder style full frame cameras besides what Leica has been offering. I am sure, other than the Execs at Leica, many people would also like to know, what kind of impact will th...
An Afternoon Walk with the Schneider-Kreuznach Xenon 50mm f1.9 DKL At my last job where I work, I routinely went out and shoot pictures during lunch hour, and didn't feel much resistance most day. In fact, I rather enjoyed it, possibly because I worked on the first floor of the building and it was easy to just go out. But,...
The NEX Full Frame - Getting Closer According to SAR , the Sony full frame NEX cameras A7 and A7r will be announced on October 16. The best news? It's around $1700 for the 24 MP A7 with Phase Detect autofocus. I am excited. I will sell my Canon 5D II and buy this camera as soon as it's avail...
True. The full frame mirrowless will make the situation worse.
Pentax-M 40mm f2.8 Pancake - Sample Pictures My first SLR was a Pentax Program Plus with the Pentax-A 50mm f1.7, and that camera was with me for more than a decade. It captured some ...
How the Tablet is Effecting My Use of the Computer Our IT department issues an iPAD for each member as a standard equipment, and I have been using it for a couple of months now, and it rea...
Yeah. We all have an iPad, laptop and a desktop. Even an iPhone or blackberry if warranted.
Yup. Blackberry is not dead, at least not yet! We have a choice of BB or iPhone, or iPad/Playbook, neither is my choice but...
Tamron SP 17mm f3.5 Adaptall - Sample Pictures It has been a while since I last used the Tamron Adaptall 17mm f3.5, so I decided to take a walk during my lunch hour, instead of my normal ...
For Paul If you frequented the old Henry&#39;s Outlet Store on Queen, you probably know Paul. Paul is one of those rare people who are genuinely nic...
It's true that old lenses have gone up in price quite a bit, especially the European lenses.
