"Game DVR available in supported games"... so they're allowing devs to switch it on/off like with the PS4 Share or is support determined by some other factor?
+ Richard Dixon Yeah infographic-styled stuff is all the rage at the moment and it sounds very impressive, MS know their core market.
GAME rang today to ask me. I'm now getting the KZ/Camera/2nd DS4 bundle, as well as BF4 and Watch_Dogs. Definitely have to mess about with the video chat stuff and play a bit of KZ, yeah? Does the PS4 do conference video calling?
Titanfall will be through Origin I reckon, so I'll grab it there next year
I thought G4W was coming to a close? Edit: Ah, no I didn't see the update to that story, was just AoE online ( )
You read the Mail??? * backs away slowly*
+ Richard Dixon I disagree, this is merely confirming people's biases; people can't see their thermostat rising in front of their eyes so anything which confirms that perception is accepted with less scrutiny.
+ Richard Dixon I think it's a mixture of both pollution and natural cycles. We're still leaving an ice-age and as + Jason Long says there are other cycles in effect, but I do think we are tipping the scales further and further from the norm.
Agreed, taxation used for social engineering rarely finds its way to the coffers of those it's supposed to benefit... like the forthcoming "plastic bag tax".
Yeah they could have done better, it seemed like more of a recap of E3 than anything gripping, although War Thunder was amazing, and Shadow of the Beast and Guns of Icarus are pretty good titles to announce. I'm still a Sony fan and I'm gonna have a lot of games to play come (the end of fucking) November, but kind of hoping that Destiny and The Division get a move on and that Titanfall makes the leap.
+ Daniel Roca That Rapture game looked amazing, I totally forgot about it! I'm thinking that Sony announced a lot at E3, and they need to save something for TGS, their home conference. I reckon we'll hear more then than we did today (and I may have even stopped whinging about the EU release date by then lol).
