Sony A7 & A7r for Australia Just spoke to the lovely Joel at the Edward St Sony Centre in Brisbane (sales bro Elias is on hols atm) and he advises they'll be hosting a launch party and hands-on for the A7-twins (and some other stuff no doubt) in late-November with a tentative on-shelf date in mid-December. I let him know Sony Australia has their prices up already - A7 is AU$1999, A7r is AU$2499. That's only about 10-11% markup over the US retail price this time...makes a nice change ;-) The LA-EA3 adapter isn't listed separately in the stock list yet, but the LA-EA4 is due mid-November and will retail for AU$349. #sonya7 #ilce7b #ilce7rb #sonyaustralia
#GifOfTheDay It's a good job he had that parachute to break his fall!
Yeah, I'd have totally done that when I was pre-30 as well, but now I'm a crusty old man rather than a crusty demon of dirt soooo... ...mind you, I wouldn't have used a new KTM to do it with, even when I was at my most irresponsible. Would have picked up an old CR500 or similar, just for dropping in the creek. + Nathan Bartley you're a wild young man, what do you think? New KTM or busted up old mx bike?
You'd have to top-fuel a postie bike to get that air...sweet
I don't know what to say except how can I not have heard about this or seen it before now?! #harlemshake OMG there's even a hashtag for it
Sony A7 & A7r for Australia Just spoke to the lovely Joel at the Edward St Sony Centre in Brisbane (sales bro Elias is on hols atm) and he advises they'll be hosting a launch party and hands-on for the A7-twins (and some other stuff no doubt) in late-November with a tentative on-shelf date in mid-December. I let him know Sony Australia has their prices up already - A7 is AU$1999, A7r is AU$2499. That's only about 10-11% markup over the US retail price this time...makes a nice change ;-) The LA-EA3 adapter isn't listed separately in the stock list yet, but the LA-EA4 is due mid-November and will retail for AU$349. #sonya7 #ilce7b #ilce7rb #sonyaustralia
If you just head to Sony.com.au there's a big animated banner taking up most of the page - click in through that for details. I never buy the expensive gear from OS. Bring the A7 (for example) in from B&H and you're up for about $80 freight, $200GST and you DO NOT have a local warranty...you're sending it back to B&H for passing to the US agent's repairer. Same for the HK grey marketeers. I buy all my bodies and >$1k lenses from Elias in Edward St...I also take 5-yrs extended warranty. No sense skimping for the tools of the trade.
I'm interested to see if Sony will put out some pancake lenses with out too much hassle, or if we're going to continue having to adapt Pentax and legacy for the low-profile benefits.
Essentially they're just the existing models with adapter tubes permanently affixed, but it still bodes well for the system.
They're exceptional glass, Darren. My Samyang 85/1.4 is dynamite and I'm likely going to get the 24/1.4 soon, too.
Stick this on the front of Sony's new A7R? Oh yeah...
Good Canon, from the days when it meant something ;-)
LA-EA3 A-mount FF - to - NEX adapter No pesky SLT like the LA-EA4 adapter + Darren Krusi
I'm sure there's a reason they included it in the LA-EA4 but I can't figure it out.
Likely just for the A7R is my guess.
Okay, I'm hooked Front and rear control dials, dedicated exposure compensation dial, LA-EA3 adapter to use my existing Alpha-mount lenses, proper Alpha-type menu system (not NEX), CDAF & PDAF in the 24MP model and all the rest of the things that distinguish Sony from the rest of the pack...what's not to love? Sounds like a great backup for the A99 (to replace the A77); and, new FF streeter (to replace the RX100). Did I miss anything, lads? #sonya7
If you're going to use all your old Legacy glass, the A7r may be the one for you, Kutay. I'm more interested in the A7 for its superior AF to use my Alpha-mount lenses with. One thing is for sure, I'm definitely holding off on buying that Panasonic GX7 I nearly fell for.
I think there's going to be an A7 in my near future. Anyone want to buy an A77 and RX100? Only slightly used, one careful owner who only shot with them at church on Sundays? ;o)
Different reviewers have different opinions on how loud it really is. The last one I read at Imaging-Resource had this to say: "After having reviewed the RX1, one surprise for us was how loud the Sony A7's shutter sound was. It's not quite in the same league with a mirror-flipping SLR, but it's quite a lot louder than the RX1's shutter. This is very likely because the RX1 almost certainly has a leaf shutter, whereas the Sony A7 has a focal-plane design. It's not obnoxious, and as full-frame interchangeable-lens cameras go, it's not bad at all. It's just that we mentally had the RX1 in mind when we first approached the A7." - That sounds reasonable to me, pardon the pun. I guess I'll find out how loud it is for me when I get my hands on one. If it is quieter than my A99 (which is very quiet anyway compared to the Canikons) then I'll be fine.
I saw that video as well and it's only someone's personal opinion as well, albeit backed up by a very efficient directional video microphone. I'll hear it first hand as soon as my Sony Centre guys get it in for the launch
I'm okay without IBIS. The NEX kids have been doing fine without it so far, and none of my filmies have it and I take pics with them no probs. This won't become my first shooter, though - A99 for that. But will wait to see A9 of course
I miss those days of talent and creativity for you too, Mick :-P
On the phone to Elias today, BTW. He's got some selling to do ;-)
+ Mick Porter Really? You went looking for a comparison between the shutter sound of an A99 and a 6D? Dude, you need help O_O
Hey + Mick Porter remember how you bought that Canon 6D because it suited your delicate lady hands? ...oooh, that's gotta hurt. It's cheaper and can take any legacy lens ever made, too! Bazinga, buddy ;o) I'm coming around the the A7 gradually. Paired with the LA-EA3 adapter it may just work as a backup for the A99. It will be interesting to see what Sony pull out of the hat for the A99 replacement next. #sonya7
LA-EA3 is the one bundled with the FF-NEX camcorder. The new LA-EA4 is new for this camera and has an SLT mirror inside - I do not see the point in getting this mirrorless then sticking the 1/3-stop light sapper in the imaging path. May as well get a whole new A99. LA-EA3 for me if I get the A7.
I knew you were going to keep loving the 6D, Big Gun ;) The only negatives (IMO) about these 2 at the moment are piss-poor battery life with the standard NEX W-series battery; and, overly noisy shutter making it undesirable for streeting.
Another oldie dragged out from the vault... #blackandwhitephotography #alphaphoto #abstract
One from the vault... #blackandwhitephotography #alphaphoto
If I could spell the sound your tongue makes when you blow a raspberry, I'd be typing that out right now. Beautiful lens, though...exactly what I was wishing for...shame it's over a 1" sensor
I'm not too concerned about its appearance or naming conventions - but I am confused about the E-mount lens stuck to the front of it. I didn't think E-mount lenses could cast a quality image-field large enough to fill a full-frame sensor. Not without increasing the registration distance a fair amount which, in doing so, would make it a proper A-mount. I won't be buying it anyway. But I'm sure it will shake up the market some more, like the RX100 & RX1. Or perhaps it's for a bit more whoa to follow on from the QX release? Bring on the RX10, I say...
OMG just researched and answered my own question about the E-mount over FF... it's another fkn lens mount system - FE !!! Now that's just plain idiotic...
You're not confusing the shutter button with the front control dial, are you Jay? The shutter button is inside the on/off toggle on the top-plate - looks pretty normal to me.
I'm not used to people agreeing with me...I'm going to have to start liking this monstrosity to maintain my edge ;-) Seriously, though, another lens mount system? Piffle!
Looks mean nothing, Darren. Function before form, and fuck Apple for convincing us otherwise <insert another grumble about new lens system here> ;-)
I hear ya, brother
Anti-Semitic Elmo arrested for Extorting the Girl Guides You don't see a headline like that everyday... #wtf #elmo
I just called my 15-yo to find out when #thewalkingdeadseason4 was on the telly...all I heard was zombie-screech, he was watching it right then on FX. Stoopid not having foxtel :-/
I don't want to hear it
Congrats Frosty! Considering how endangered Ford was in the race today, I'm almost glad they made the podium. But it was some clever teamwork and brilliant driving that put them over the line in first. #scab1k #supercheapauto1000 #bathurst1000
Jason Bright is being interviewed after the break, I'm keen to find out why he's got sand in his speedo about Lowndsy - I missed the incident and didn't see anything in it in the replay.
Yeah, that's what I thought but those yappy twats commenting dropped Lowndsy's name in it. Tander was definitely a lethal weapon after the final pit stop.
Well they didn't get out of their cars and shape up to each other on the track a-la Murph, but Bright certainly didn't have anything positive to say about the encounter. Actually, on the subject of Murph I was fairly relieved when he hit the wall - he was playing spoiler to the faster drivers behind him and wouldn't be passed.
Lowndsy seems a bit off his game, but you're right - anything can happen when Craig's behind the wheel.
I'm planning a trip down for it, too! Plane to Sydney, train to the race.
BFFs 4EVA! The missus just found this old picture of Lowndsie and me at the 2007 Brisbane International Motor Show. He's wearing the badges for his ex-sponsor and old manufacturer but it doesn't matter to me #fanbois #888ftw #v8supercars #supercheapauto1000 #k750i
I like to think it's printed on the back of his helmet, next to his kids ;)
LENSPORN After a brief cross-town chase to retrieve my parcel from the Decipha depot (don't even get me started!) I took delivery of the best birthday present ever! TA DA! Sigma 35mm f/1.4 DG HSM A1 Art Series lens I just happened to have my A99 with me at work today so I snapped it on and proceeded to take photographs of my co-workers. James came out looking especially dapper and debonaire, so I've uploaded the converted-from-RAW-otherwise-straight-out-of-camera portrait I nabbed while I was telling him all about depth of field and how this specialty fast wide-angle decreases it. He looks riveted, does he not? + tao jones - I finally got it, brother! + Rebecca Cunningham + nicola morton this lens is ideal for photographing performance artists in small spaces like Club199. Thank you for the excuse to buy it mwahahaha ;o) #lensporn #sigma35mm #a99
I've already formed a deep attachment to it, Tao ;) I bought it for artist performances in low-light and tight confines, but as soon as I took that pic of Jim above other possibilities began swimming in my mind. Admittedly, my 70-200/2.8G is crazy sharp. As you'd expect, of course
Bugger, the preview didn't show up. Check it out!
They got me! I didn't come to work on my birthday this week but the gals got me with cake and attention today. Good onya, ladies!
D610 awesomeness Shared for one important quote regarding the supposed oil-on-sensor malarkey: "...whether this was a genuine problem, or just a perceived one that got blown out of proportion on internet forums..." Couldn't have put it better myself. Internet forums rot your brain and taint your common sense with mob-mentality #taint
Hehehe Ken gets it too B-) We'll have a Moke Racing League up and running in no time! Hey + Niall Cook are you in too? ;-)
I'll make it mandatory to the series, Niall
OMG I could take a dealership and call it "MOKE-LORE"
Friday Night over Boundary Street Taken with Sony #a99 and Sigma 28/2.8 Macro-II-Wide #brisbane #westend
My big, fat EXIST birthday weekend... Better than a birthday party, better than cake and streamers. I got to spend Friday and Sunday nights photographing performance artists. The first venue was MetroARTS in Edward St, Brisbane - perfect space, made for performance. The second venue was Audiopollen upstairs in Boundary St, West End - a less than favourable space for anything but band practice IMO. #performanceart #actionart #liveart #brisbane #artscene #a99 #a77 #exist The copyright and IP of selected images remains the property of the depicted artist. Images used with permission of the depicted artist/s
"Of all the varied forms of crime, bank robbery is the most satisfactory to both the individual and to society. The individual of course gets a lot of money, that goes without saying, and he benefits society by putting large amounts of cash back into circulation. The economy is stimulated, small businessmen prosper, people read about the crime with great interest, and the police have a chance to exercise their various skills. Good for all. Though I have heard foolish people complain that it hurts the bank. This is arrant nonsense. All banks are insured, so they lose nothing, while the sums involved are minuscule in the overall operation of the insuring firm, where the most that might happen is that a microscopically smaller dividend will be paid at the end of the year. Little enough price to pay for all the good caused. It was as a benefactor of mankind, not a thief, that I passed the echo sounder over the wall...." from The Stainless Steel Rat Saves The World by Harry Harrison
+ Mick Porter its time to vote in the mumtographer 5000 canon photo5 - drop us some links so we can vote you up!
Oh I thought you'd entered the mumtographer 5000 as well, Gem ;-) hopefully he'll take time out of his busy schedule of swimming, surfing and sandcastling to put them below...
Your loss, you workaholic ;-) I got back to my roots last night and shot an artist panel and some performances at Metro Arts on Edward St. Then some passer-by streets gear out the front waiting for my lift home. Felt very spoiled and satisfied. Weddings suck my will to live. Good luck again today, mate!
Use Foo Don't fight it! We don't get many Segways around these parts... #rx100 #streetphotography #blackandwhitephotography #brisbane
If you just head to Sony.com.au there's a big animated banner taking up most of the page - click in through that for details. I never buy the expensive gear from OS. Bring the A7 (for example) in from B&H and you're up for about $80 freight, $200GST and you DO NOT have a local warranty...you're sending it back to B&H for passing to the US agent's repairer. Same for the HK grey marketeers. I buy all my bodies and >$1k lenses from Elias in Edward St...I also take 5-yrs extended warranty. No sense skimping for the tools of the trade.
