Sony does it again with something impressive. Full frame mirrorless cameras - Sony A7 (24MP) and A7R (36MP)
Fujifilm X-E2 announced. It is now ever better with a larger LCD and Wifi
This seems to be the soon to be announce Nikon 58mm f/1.4. I was expecting something much bigger, given the huge price tag on it.
Sony does it again with something impressive. Full frame mirrorless cameras - Sony A7 (24MP) and A7R (36MP)
October Queenstown Pre-Wedding. We were very lucky with the snow this time, this is probably the very last bit of snow as we enter the spring/summer season. www.kentyuphotography.com
If the dust issue on the Nikon D600 has stopped you from getting one, then here is your answer - Nikon D610 announced.
Brought along the Fujifilm X-M1 + the new XC 16-50mm kit lens to our trip to Queenstown. Had a lot of fun shooting with it, catching the last glimpse of the snow. It has all the essential features plus more like film simulator, distance scale, WiFi, twin dials. Check out some of the X-M1 samples here.
September Queenstown Pre-Wedding. We are back from Queenstown of New Zealand but are heading back there again very soon. The landscape with the Southern Lakes and Southern Alps is just stunning.
A sneak peak of Bibi & Andy's pre-wedding at this beautiful Wellington church www.kentyuphotography.com
Sony takes compact cameras to the next level, unveils the QX100 and QX10 lens cameras.
It looks like there is not long to go till Sony announces its new type of lens cameras - QX10 and QX100. QX10 will feature a 1/2.3-inch 18MP sensor and 25-250mm f/3.3-5.9 lens, and the QX100 will feature a 1-inch 20 MP sensor and 28-100mm f/1.8-4.9 lens. Is this the new design of compact cameras for the future?
First impression of the Fujifilm X-M1. The lack of OVF or EVF doesn't bother me too much as a casual camera, but I was a bit worry on the build quality. Read more here
What do you think about this camera concept from Sony? A lens that attaches to your mobile phone with the phone serving as the LCD screen and the controlling of the lens is done via the wonderful built-in WiFi/NEF. Innovative? Practical?
Wedding Photo at this beautiful 130 year old historic estate. www.kentyuphotography.com
Nikon announces the release of the AF-S NIKKOR 18-140mm f/3.5-5.6G ED VR, an approximately 7.8x high-power normal zoom lens compatible with Nikon DX-format digital SLR cameras. - See more at:
Nikon announces the release of the SB-300, a compact and lightweight Speedlight that can easily be taken anywhere. - See more at:
Some tips on night sky photography. You will be amazed at what you can't see with your naked eyes.
Nikon Professional Services (NPS) Service Technician, Kodai Matsumoto, demonstrates just how he can diagnose and repair a Nikon D4 in 20mins.
Sneak peak of our Queenstown and Lake Tekapo Pre-Wedding. We were hit by a long fine spell during our 3 days trails.
Canon NZ had sent us the tiny 100D for a review and we have been playing with it for over two months now. We tested it on location, in the studio and even at its maximum ISO 12,800.
Another Pelican case review for those who need to transport a large amount of gear with a peace of mind. We have managed to fit 12 lenses, 2 bodies, 4 flashes, cables, triggers in the Pelican 1614. But most of the time we don't travel with 12 lenses, instead we pack in the Quadra with two heads.
Stunning dresses by Robyn Cliffe at the Robyn Cliffe Couturiere
Canon has given us its tiny DSLR 100D for a review, so here I am pushing it to its limit. Images taken at ISO 12800, f/3.5, 1/5s hand held thanks to its IS
Some of you have messaged and asked why did we use so many lights for our recent Roxy cinema photoshoot . I have tried to answer some of the questions here and described how the lights were set up.
The new Fujifilm X-M1 still kind of retained that "retro" look and the same 16 MP X-Trans CMOS as the X-Pro1. But gone are the traditional shutter speed and exposure compensation dials from the top-plate.
Behind the Scenes - The Great Gatsby Photoshoot at the Wellington Roxy Cinema
Precious moments are always better in prints, rather than keeping them in the computers. www.kentyuphotography.com
If you are looking for hard cases, you can't go wrong with Pelican cases, but what about Pelican Storm cases, are they as good?
Nikon announces the total production of interchangeable Nikkor lenses has reached 80 million. 70 million interchangeable Nikkor lenses was announced last year today. That's roughly 10 million lenses in one year.
Lightroom 5 is here. It has added new features like the Photoshop Healing Brush, Radial Gradient, Smart Preview and more.
Our fashion column photo of Jemma is coming out in prints in June. Stay tunned ! www.kentyuphotography.com
Being a pro DSLR camera, it needs to be made durable, weatehr seal, shock proof. Here the Nikon D3s get an abusive test with mud, fire and water. Check out the entire video here ?
Here is one of the featured photos for our recent fashion shoot with Starfish and Mi Piaci. Check out our fashion shoot photos and video here.
One of the selected photo on its way to print for the fashion column. Thanks to all parties involved. www.kentyuphotography.com Wardrobe: Starfish, Mi Piaci Hair Stylist: Qing Mei, Muki Unsaeng Makeup: Rin Vejsawarn Stylist: Nicola Robinson Model: Ivana Drazetic
Our three days pre-wedding at the beautiful Queenstown of New Zealand. www.kentyuphotography.com
Nikon has announced its new Nikon 1 32mm f/1.2 for CX mount. Read more here
