Small camera, big dreams: Sony's full-frame Alpha 7 and 7R are here to kill your DSLR
Small camera, big dreams: Sony's full-frame Alpha 7 and 7R are here to kill your DSLR
Rumored Sony A7 and A7r full-frame mirrorless cameras appear in leaked photos
What do you think of this new concept from Sony? ★★★ Now In-Stock! Sony DSC-QX10 Digital Camera Module for Smartphones ★★★
Google mobile search is getting faster - to be exact, 200-400 milliseconds faster! We are gradually rolling out this improvement to all browsers that support the <a ping> attribute (currently, mobile Chrome and Safari). What's the benefit? Whenever the user clicks on a result, typically they are first sent to a Google URL redirector and then to the target site. With <a ping>, the click is tracked using an asynchronous call, meaning that the user sees one less redirect and a faster overall experience!
This is amazing, Google is removing the thin lines between native apps and web apps even more with the latest Chrome releases
Purported Android 4.4 KitKat screenshots and new features revealed (image gallery)
The amazing products of Weird Sony
Xperia Z1 review: Sony's return to the megapixel wars
Going Reactive: (building) Event-Driven, Scalable & Resilient Systems ... Great talk by + Jonas Bonér , lots of hard won wisdom in there.
Brand new KITKAT campaign to celebrate the launch of #AndroidKitKat . People could win a Nexus 7 tablet the KITKAT way, by having a break. Check it out!
Understanding Calico: Larry Page, Google Ventures, and the quest for immortality
Leaked Sony ad for QX10 and QX100 lens cameras turns your life into quirky indie movie
Amazon officially announces new Kindle Paperwhite, shipping on September 30th
Android KitKat: the story behind a delicious partnership
Welcome #toTheFuture . (No, this is not the equilibrium state) /via + Christopher Welch
Heathrow's expansion plans would make it bigger, faster, and louder
Google announces tool to track lost Android phones
This is the Moto X. Can it save Motorola?
Point and shoot perfection: an evening with Sony's RX100M2
Why Chromecast is such a big deal for Google, and a threat to Apple
