Sony QX10 and QX100 lens-style cameras boost your smartphone photo Sony QX10 and QX100 lens-style cameras boost your smartphone photos By Editors, pocket-lint.com , Ed Soluk Sony has formally unveiled the QX10 and QX100 lens-style cameras, designed to partner with your smartphone to boost your mobile photography. The cool t...
When will Microsoft pull the plug on your version of Windows or Office When will Microsoft pull the plug on your version of Windows or Office? [This post was originally published April 2013. It was completely updated and republished in October 2013. Most recent update: October 11, 2013.] The impending retirement of Windows XP...
KitKat screenshots: A first look at Android 4.4? KitKat screenshots: A first look at Android 4.4? (gallery) A new set of screenshots claim to show a version of Android OS 4.4, known as KitKat. Or is it Key Lime Pie after all? When Google's Android chief Sundar Pichai announced the upcoming release of A...
Sony QX10 and QX100 lens-style cameras boost your smartphone photo Sony QX10 and QX100 lens-style cameras boost your smartphone photos By Editors, pocket-lint.com , Ed Soluk Sony has formally unveiled the QX10 and QX100 lens-style cameras, designed to partner with your smartphone to boost your mobile photography. The cool t...
Oppo N1 hands-on: First look Oppo N1 hands-on: First look Introduction Oppo is slowly starting to make a name for itself in the West with its high-end phones, and the company is now more ambitious than ever – today's Oppo N1 promises an impressive camera that takes on the likes of the ...
Six-way camera shootout: Smartphone roulette Six-way camera shootout: Smartphone roulette Introduction Camera shootouts are a proud GSMArena tradition and the latest edition features by far the most technologically advanced cameraphones yet. We have large sensors, sky-high resolution, optical image st...
Best iPhone apps to download Best iPhone apps to download Call of Duty Elite Converter Plus Dropbox Twitter Pandora Radio
iOS 7 users are complaining about dizziness iOS 7 users are complaining about dizziness After making it to over fifty percent of Apple devices in North America alone, iOS 7 users have been complaining of motion sickness from the software update. The iOS 7 had a widespread download rate at the time of...
Canon EOS 70D review Canon EOS 70D review What is it? The Canon EOS 70D is Canon’s top enthusiast level camera of the moment. If you want more from a DSLR, you’re probably a professional. What’s great? Picture quality, picture quality, picture quality. Oh, and the picture quali...
Nokia Lumia 925 review: The best Windows Phone handset yet? The Nokia Lumia 925 is a very good phone. It more than makes up for the disappointment that was the Lumia 920. The phone is light, well put together and has a brilliant camera and screen. But it has one fatal flaw and it's something that is beyond Nokia's...
The Android photographer’s toolkit: 9 essential apps for shooting, editing and sharing The Android photographer’s toolkit: 9 essential apps for shooting, editing and sharing The latest wave of Android smartphones are tussling to prove themselves as the go-to choice for aspiring photographers. Whether it’s the Samsung Galaxy S4 Zoom , Sony X...
Nokia Lumia 625 Review 988 Nokia Lumia 625 Review 988 The Nokia Lumia 625 is one of the last smartphones by Nokia, putting an end to what has been a bumpy ride for the Finns in the modern phone era. Whether the Lumia line will find greener pastures under Microsoft remains to be seen,...
Nokia N1 Runs Android 4.0, Features PureView 41MP Camera This may not be much of a concept, but the idea behind it is great. We’ve already seen Android 4.0 ported to the Nokia N9 and now Deviantart use Slatd created this render that shows us a potential future Nokia model. Meet the Nokia N1, the very first model ...
Nuclear options: Microsoft was testing Surface Phone while Nokia experimented with Android Nuclear options: Microsoft was testing Surface Phone while Nokia experimented with Android Microsoft and Nokia need each other more than you'd expect. While Nokia was testing Android in a variety of different ways, Microsoft was busy experimenting with a Su...
Google Play is Now the Largest Application Store Google Play is Now the Largest Application Store After almost 5 years of its release, Google’s Play Store, formerly known as Android Market has finally overtaken Apple’s App Store to become the largest online application market in the world. The store now c...
47,000 Apps on BlackBerry World Are From One Developer 47,000 Apps on BlackBerry World Are From One Developer Every new OS which comes out in the market faces a major issue in the form of low apps. This is something which somewhat plagues the sales of Windows Phone and other smaller operating systems but BlackB...
Thankyou I soon Change the settings Sent from my HTC ----- Reply message -----
Nokia to End Support for Symbian and Meego from Jan 1st, 2014 Nokia to End Support for Symbian and Meego from Jan 1st, 2014 Nokia has just discovered a new way to tarnish your new year celebrations. The Finns have announced that from the very start of 2014, it will be ending the support for its Symbian – once the king...
New phones competing for the best-selling at “GITEX Shopper” New phones competing for the best-selling at “GITEX Shopper” " GITEX Shopper " started last Saturday till October 12 , is witnessing a heated competition between the world’s newest phones. Competing phones include Samsung’s Galaxy note 3 , One Mini of HT...
Best next-gen laptops Best Intel Haswell laptops, Ultrabooks, MacBooks and more By Cliff Joseph-Getty-The arrival of Intel’s new 4th-generation range of computer processors – known collectively by the codename ‘Haswell’ – was rather overshadowed by the punch-up between the Xbox ...
Best next-gen laptops Best Intel Haswell laptops, Ultrabooks, MacBooks and more By Cliff Joseph-Getty-The arrival of Intel’s new 4th-generation range of computer processors – known collectively by the codename ‘Haswell’ – was rather overshadowed by the punch-up between the Xbox ...
Top 10 Ways to Boost Your Home Wi-Fi Top 10 Ways to Boost Your Home Wi-Fi Corbis- Wi-Fi at home has become as important as water or electricity; or that’s certainly the way it feels when your internet access goes down. Just as frustrating as no connection, though, can be a very poor connection...
New Way to Find How to View Private Facebook Profiles 2013 How to View Private Facebook Profiles There are many reasons why you would want to view a private Facebook profile. Checking up on your ex? How about wanting to check out who he/she left you for? Maybe you just want to check out someone you think is hot. Or...
Google Nexus 7 (2013) review: Improved spec, great screen, top value Google Nexus 7 (2013) review: Improved spec, great screen, top value Summary: The 2013 Nexus 7 is a sleeker, lighter and better-specified device than last year's model. There's still no Micro-SD card support, but good all-round performance and battery life...
How to Create an Apple ID on an iPhone For doing things like downloading and updating apps , making purchases from iTunes, and making FaceTime calls, you'll need an Apple ID. If you don't already have an Apple ID, this article will show you how to create one. Turn on and unlock your iPhone...
Windows 7's Built-in Backup Windows 7's Built-in Backup John Paris wants to know if Windows 7's built-in backup program is worth using. Microsoft has a history of bundling really bad backup programs with their operating systems. The company has been accused of a lot of monopolistic b...
iOS 7 upgraders reporting installation, iTunes issues iOS 7 upgraders reporting installation, iTunes issues Some upgraders are reporting issues trying to install the iOS 7 update, as well as access to iTunes. It's unclear how widespread the issue is. The update to iOS 7 has not been smooth sailing for all. Man...
How to Save Battery Power on an Android How to Save Battery Power on an Android The Android operating system is turning the mobile communications and PDA world on its head by offering features, functionality and an open architecture that threatens to blow away everything else on the market. [1] ...
PTCL and CBA Sign Agreement PTCL and CBA Sign Agreement Pakistan Telecommunication Company Limited (PTCL), has inked an agreement with the CBA (Collective Bargaining Agent), extending numerous financial benefits to the employees, coupled with additional EOBI pension benefits safeguard...
Dell Unveils its New XPS 15 Ultrabook to Take on the Macbook Air Dell Unveils its New XPS 15 Ultrabook to Take on the Macbook Air Dell has unveiled a successor to its flagship XPS 15 laptop and has made it even sleeker yet powerful than before. The new XPS 15 comes with a 15 inch touch-enabled display with resolution of ...
Samsung, HTC, LG and ASUS Caught Tempering Benchmark Apps to Appear Better Samsung, HTC, LG and ASUS Caught Tempering Benchmark Apps to Appear Better Way back in July, Samsung was caught rigging benchmark scores for its Galaxy S4 flagship smartphone. Three days ago, that happened again, this time in the case of the Note 3 . That,...
Change of clothes for the Pucci dinner. Thanks for the hair do Guido Palau! See more from Coco Rocha:
Game Crysis 2 For PC. Crysis 2 is a first-person shooter video game developed by Crytek, published by Electronic Arts and released in North America, Australia and Europe in March 2011 for Microsoft Windows, PlayStation 3, and Xbox 360.
Final version of windows 8 is rumored to be launched in October 2011. This guide will also be helpful for network administrators if they want to use windows 8. We are sure that they will never want to keep the app store remain turned on for the users.
