Sony Announces the FIRST mirror-less Full Frame camera with inter-changeable lenses Yesterday Sony unveiled the brand new a7 and a7r full frame mirror-less cameras, the first of their kind. Basically they have combined the best of their Alpha line with the NEX line with these new cameras. Moving forward, the NEX line of cameras will all be under their Alpha name. It is during times like this that I am stoked to be working closely with companies such as Sony. I have been using many Sony products lately, such as the full frame rX1 and have been nothing short of impressed. Needless to say, I can't wait to get my hands on the Sony a7r! Lots of amazing projects in the works! Sony A7 / A7R key features: - 24.3 megapixel full-frame CMOS sensor with OLPF [A7] - 36.3 megapixel full-frame CMOS sensor with no OLPF [A7R] - E-mount with support for FE, E, and A-mount lenses (with adapter) - Bionz X image processor - Hybrid AF system with 25 contrast-detect and 117 phase-detect points [A7 only] - Weather-sealed magnesium alloy body - 3-inch tilting LCD with 1.23 million dots - XGA (2.4 million dot) electronic viewfinder - Diffraction correction technology - Full HD video recording at 1080/60p and 24p; uncompressed HDMI output - Wi-Fi with NFC capability and downloadable apps
Roll up your sleeves, search marketers - we're digging into the whats, hows, and whys of killer campaign tactics for real-time bidding (RTB). H/T + Ratko Vidakovic !
How Semantics Work in Search To understand how semantics work, in search, it’s important to understand how Google has always worked. In the very early days of search the approach adopted by Google was radically different than anyone else before them. Moving away from the human factor the idea was that cyberspace possessed a form of self-knowledge, inherent in the links that led from one page to another, and that a search engine could exploit this knowledge. Google’s founders visualized the Internet as a graph, with nodes and links: by early 1998, 150 million nodes joined by almost 2 billion links. They considered each link as an expression of value—a recommendation. And they recognized that all links are not equal. They invented a recursive way of reckoning value: the rank of a page depends on the value of its incoming links; the value of a link depends on the rank of its containing page. Not only did they invent it, they published it. Letting the Internet know how Google worked did not hurt Google’s ability to leverage the Internet’s knowledge. Critical to the success of this approach, which would lead, slowly but steadily, to the semantic search of today, was the notion that data, once mapped, becomes a signal that has additional meaning which can lead to inferences. A million high-quality, relevant sites linking to a single site meant something at many different levels: relevance of content, authority, trust. The words that have become the mantra of semantic search. Google’s Hummingbird update ( ) is a clear indication that semantic search is scaling much faster than anticipated. Because of that scaling images in search now have acquired fresh importance for marketers and webmasters, alike ( ). The point is, this has been a long journey for Google and it is now accelerating. For us, active on the web, understanding how this works is important. Now to put it to proper use. Have a great Thursday and if you get the chance join me and + Joshua Berg in a HOA ( ) that looks at some of the implications of semantic search. Image used below courtesy of + NOD3x semantic analysis tool.
Hieroglyph is a space for writers, scientists, artists and engineers to collaborate on creative, ambitious visions of our near future. Includes:
Sony Announces the FIRST mirror-less Full Frame camera with inter-changeable lenses Yesterday Sony unveiled the brand new a7 and a7r full frame mirror-less cameras, the first of their kind. Basically they have combined the best of their Alpha line with the NEX line with these new cameras. Moving forward, the NEX line of cameras will all be under their Alpha name. It is during times like this that I am stoked to be working closely with companies such as Sony. I have been using many Sony products lately, such as the full frame rX1 and have been nothing short of impressed. Needless to say, I can't wait to get my hands on the Sony a7r! Lots of amazing projects in the works! Sony A7 / A7R key features: - 24.3 megapixel full-frame CMOS sensor with OLPF [A7] - 36.3 megapixel full-frame CMOS sensor with no OLPF [A7R] - E-mount with support for FE, E, and A-mount lenses (with adapter) - Bionz X image processor - Hybrid AF system with 25 contrast-detect and 117 phase-detect points [A7 only] - Weather-sealed magnesium alloy body - 3-inch tilting LCD with 1.23 million dots - XGA (2.4 million dot) electronic viewfinder - Diffraction correction technology - Full HD video recording at 1080/60p and 24p; uncompressed HDMI output - Wi-Fi with NFC capability and downloadable apps
Your twenties are the hardest. No one hands you a road-map for navigating post-college life. You're simply thrown out into the real world and expected to know everything you need to get by. If you're a millenial who's ever been confused about these formative years of adulthood, here are some essential things to remember...
Keeping up with the latest trends and industry thoughts plays an important role in AdSense success. Over the next few months, we’re sharing interesting reads in order to help you prepare for AdSense success. To start, here’s a recent TechCrunch article that discusses the latest app trends: . What are you reading right now? Let us know by commenting below.
Making the Internet Affordable
Tip of the Week: Plan your Content Strategy using our Android App Posted by + Daniel Waisberg One especially interesting and unique visualization we have in our + Android App is the one below. It allows our users to understand, in a glimpse, when their customers are consuming content. This can (and should!) be used to plan content updates such as blog posts: always be sure to have the content ready before your customers arrive... If you still don't have the app, you can download it here: goo.gl/xj9ix
"The pros make strong nouns and dynamic verbs the heart of their style; verbs that make their prose quiver." - Constance Hale, Sin and Syntax
