PROTEST THE HERO RELEASE LYRIC VIDEO FOR “A LIFE EMBOSSED” Due to the overwhelming response to the lyric video for the track “Clarity” from their forthcoming album Volition, Protest The Hero today release a lyric video for one of the more socially conscious songs on the album, “A Life Embossed.” Lead singer Rody Walker, who wrote the lyrics for the track says, “The boys in PTH are long time dog lovers, it has come to our attention that there's injustice afoot! Our home of Ontario Canada is the largest territory in all the world to pass legislation that discriminates against a specific breed of dog. This is a worldwide issue that the band is incredibly disturbed by. The song and video for "A Life Embossed" attempts to draw much needed attention to an issue that affects all dog lovers alike.” The link for the clip is Protest The Hero - A Life Embossed (Official Lyric Video) Volition will be released October 29th with a world tour to follow starting November 7th in Ottawa, Canada. Volition is available for pre-order on iTunes here: . Volition is also available for preorder at protestthero.merchnow.com . protestthehero.ca https://www.facebook.com/protestthehero -30-
PROTEST THE HERO RELEASE LYRIC VIDEO FOR “A LIFE EMBOSSED” Due to the overwhelming response to the lyric video for the track “Clarity” from their forthcoming album Volition, Protest The Hero today release a lyric video for one of the more socially conscious songs on the album, “A Life Embossed.” Lead singer Rody Walker, who wrote the lyrics for the track says, “The boys in PTH are long time dog lovers, it has come to our attention that there's injustice afoot! Our home of Ontario Canada is the largest territory in all the world to pass legislation that discriminates against a specific breed of dog. This is a worldwide issue that the band is incredibly disturbed by. The song and video for "A Life Embossed" attempts to draw much needed attention to an issue that affects all dog lovers alike.” The link for the clip is Protest The Hero - A Life Embossed (Official Lyric Video) Volition will be released October 29th with a world tour to follow starting November 7th in Ottawa, Canada. Volition is available for pre-order on iTunes here: . Volition is also available for preorder at protestthero.merchnow.com . protestthehero.ca https://www.facebook.com/protestthehero -30-
MILEY CYRUS’ BANGERZ DEBUTS AT #1 IN CANADA BANGERZ DEBUTS AT #1 ON BOTH THE BILLBOARD TOP 200 ALBUM CHARTS AND DIGITAL ALBUM CHARTS WITH OVER 270K ALBUMS SOLD IN THE U.S. BANGERZ HITS #1 ON ITUNES IN OVER 70 COUNTRIES (Toronto, ON) - Miley Cyrus’ critically acclaimed new album Bangerz (RCA Records) debuts at #1 on the Nielsen Soundscan Sales Chart in Canada and on both the Billboard Top 200 Album chart and the Digital Album Charts with over 270k albums sold in the U.S. Additionally, during release week, Bangerz hit #1 on iTunes in over 70 countries. This marks Miley’s second #1 album and biggest sales week (outside of Hannah Montana properties) since 2008. Bangerz also debuted at #1 in Australia, Ireland and the UK where Miley currently has a double #1 with “Wrecking Ball” hitting the top slot on the UK singles charts. Bangerz debuted top 10 in at least a dozen other markets including New Zealand, Austria, Germany, Switzerland, Holland, Belgium, Argentina, Portugal, Sweden and more. Miley also sold 426,000 tracks from her album last week placing 14 songs on the Top 200 Digital Songs Chart in the U.S. Bangerz has been getting rave reviews including Entertainment Weekly calling it “…utterly fresh, a pop blitz from a hip-hop blueprint, and proof that Miley won't settle for just shocking us.” US Weekly declared it “the year's most titillating pop explosion.” And gave the album “4 stars (out of 4)” Both singles, “Wrecking Ball” and “We Can’t Stop”, off Bangerz have already sold 4.3 million copies in the US alone. “Wrecking Ball” hit #1 on the Billboard Hot 100 and stayed there for two weeks. It became Miley’s first Billboard Hot 100 #1 and her fastest-flying top 10 on Radio Songs. Miley reached the U.S. Radio Songs top 10 twice before, both times in 2009, with the No. 7-peaking “The Climb,” which took 12 weeks to enter the region, and the No. 8 hit “Party In The U.S.A.” In Canada “We Can’t Stop” hit #4 on the Mediabase CHR chart and “Wrecking Ball” is closing in on #1 on the Mediabase CHR and Hot AC charts. Miley has been on a worldwide promotional campaign to support the release of Bangerz with raved about performances, sketches and interviews on Saturday Night Live, The Today Show, Late Night With Jimmy Fallon and Ellen. NBC recently announced that Miley’s double duty as host and musical performer on SNL was the highest rated show since Justin Timberlake’s appearance in March. “Wrecking Ball” also hit #1 on Spotify where it reached the highest streams ever for any track in the US beating the next highest week by nearly 500 thousand plays. This exciting news came just two days after her music video for "Wrecking Ball" became the fastest music video ever to reach CERTIFIED status, VEVO's milestone for videos delivering 100 million views in only 6 days. Cyrus shattered the previous record which she held for “We Can’t Stop,” which was CERTIFIED by VEVO just 37 days after it premiered. Due to this success, VEVO will be honoring Miley’s "We Can't Stop," "Wrecking Ball," "Party in the U.S.A.," "Can't Be Tamed" and "7 Things" videos for passing the 100 million milestone. They will also include new exclusive interviews with Miley where she will talk about the making of these videos, her relationship with her fans and much more. Miley's CERTIFIED campaign kicks off across VEVO later this month. Miley Cyrus is a world renowned entertainer with record breaking success in film, television and music. She is a multiplatinum recording artist and has sold over 12 million albums and 20 million tracks in the US alone. www.mileycyrus.com Twitter:@mileycyrus www.facebook.com/mileycyrus
WALKING PAPERS ANNOUNCE CANADIAN TOUR DATES BAND TO TOUR WITH MONSTER TRUCK BEGINNING DECEMBER 4 IN VANCOUVER Toronto, ON-(October 16, 2013) – Seattle’s Walking Papers, the much-buzzed-about new band featuring rock luminaries Duff McKagan (Guns N’ Roses, Velvet Revolver), Barrett Martin (Screaming Trees, Mad Season), Jeff Angell and Benjamin Anderson (both of The Missionary Position) have announced a Canadian tour that kicks off December 4 at the Commodore Ballroom in Vancouver, B.C. The band will be supporting Hamilton, Ontario-based quartet Monster Truck. Walking Papers are touring in support of their critically acclaimed self-titled debut, which was recorded in Seattle and mixed by veteran producer Jack Endino (Soundgarden, Nirvana, Mudhoney). The album features a guest appearance by Pearl Jam guitarist Mike McCready, who played on “I’ll Stick Around” and lead single “The Whole World’s Watching.” The band recently released a concert performance for the latter, which can be seen at Walking Papers - "The Whole World's Watching" Live at the Moore Theater in Seattle . Over the course of the past several weeks, Walking Papers have been featured in the LA Times, Rolling Stone, Billboard, the Village Voice, USA Today and on Grammy.com, among others. In a review of the album, USA Today wrote, “Sometimes an album sounds nothing like you expect yet still blows you away. That’s the case with the self-titled debut from Seattle-based Walking Papers.” The band recently wrapped a second stage headlining run on the Uproar Tour, where they toured North America alongside Alice In Chains and Jane’s Addiction over the course of the past several weeks. Guitarist/vocalist Jeff Angell and drummer Barrett Martin formed the band last year and played their first shows in Seattle as a duo. They became a trio when bassist Duff McKagan joined and a quartet with the addition of keyboardist Benjamin Anderson. Angell and Martin also served as the album’s co-producers. Walking Papers show that a great song can be conveyed with thundering drums, rumbling bass, and a howling guitar just as easily as it can with percolating marimbas and shimmering vibraphone. The songs on this album can stand alone as individual stories, but taken together as a whole, they convey a much larger narrative with tales of wandering souls, the collisions of will, and the dark beauty of the American heart.
MAGIC! SIGNS WITH SONY MUSIC INTERNATIONAL VIA LATIUM ENTERTAINMENT NEW SINGLE “RUDE” HITS RADIO SOON; LYRIC VIDEO OUT NOW October 11th, 2013 – Toronto, ON – With a global smash single ready to hit the charts, MAGIC!, has signed with Sony Music International through Latium Entertainment. The relationship and deal was orchestrated by Edgar Berger, President/CEO of Sony Music International and Shane Carter, President, Sony Music Entertainment Canada, and does not only involve recording, but also touring and branding opportunities. Composed of Nasri (lead vocals), Mark Pelli (guitar), Alex Tanas (drums) and Ben Spivak (bass), MAGIC!, is a reggae-pop quartet from Toronto, Canada. The band itself is not new to the business, made up of members who were already well immersed in the music world. MAGIC! lead singer, Nasri, songwriter on the Grammy award winning album F.A.M.E. by Chris Brown and one-half of the Messengers, the songwriting team who have composed hit songs for artists such as Justin Bieber, Pitbull, and Chris Brown. Their new single “Rude” impacts rhythmic and pop radio shortly. The “Rude” lyric video is out now and the band has just completed tour stops with Matisyahu in the U.S. “We are thrilled MAGIC! has been signed to the Sony International family. MAGIC!’s raw energy and proven song-writing ability has mass commercial appeal and has potential to cross borders and be recognized on the worldwide stage,” says Shane Carter, President, Sony Music Entertainment Canada. “The international signing of MAGIC! is another step, as Canadian talent continues to be heard on a global scale.” “Every great band of our generation is led by a songwriter,” says Charles Chavez, CEO of Latium Entertainment. “After one listen, I envisioned the global trajectory of the music. Nasri’s ability to craft timeless pop songs plus the musicality of each member of the band, I feel is simply MAGIC!” "Its a dream come true!” says MAGIC! lead singer Nasri. “Being signed to Sony Music International gives us a shot of being a global band. We’re ready, the label believes in us – so let’s go!” ### Latium Entertainment is an international full service music entertainment, marketing and recording company with a focus on management and artist development. Founded in 1999 by Charles Chavez, the Los Angeles based company includes a diverse roster of global artists including Pitbull, Frankie J, Danny Mercer, Adam Irigoyen and MAGIC! About Sony Music Entertainment Sony Music Entertainment is a global recorded music company with a current roster that includes a broad array of both local artists and international superstars. The company boasts a vast catalog that comprises some of the most important recordings in history. It is home to premier record labels representing music from every genre, including Arista Nashville, Beach Street, Bystorm Entertainment, Columbia Nashville, Columbia Records, Day 1, Descendant Records,Epic Records, Essential Records, Essential Worship, Fo Yo Soul Recordings, Kemosabe Records, Legacy Recordings, MASTERWORKS, Polo Grounds, RCA Inspiration,RCA Nashville, RCA Records, Reunion Records, Sony Classical, Sony Music Latin, Star Time International, Syco Music, Vested in Culture and Volcano. Sony Music Entertainment is a wholly owned subsidiary of Sony Corporation of America. Social Channels: Facebook: Instagram: Youtube: Twitter: Website: Lyric video for the single “Rude” MAGIC! - Rude Soundcloud link to the single “Rude”
DAVID BOWIE 'LOVE IS LOST' (HELLO STEVE REICH MIX BY JAMES MURPHY FOR THE DFA) CANADIAN PREMIERE ON CBC RADIO Q THURSDAY OCTOBER 10th AT 10:00AM EST (Toronto, ON) - Taken from THE NEXT DAY the Barclaycard Mercury Music Prize nominated album, LOVE IS LOST has been remixed by LCD Soundsystem's James Murphy into a ten minute plus epic entitled 'HELLO STEVE REICH MIX BY JAMES MURPHY FOR THE DFA'. Artwork especially created for the mix by Jonathan Barnbook is attached. The remix will get its Canadian premiere at 10:00am EST Thursday 10th October on CBC Radio Q and will be available to stream on CBCMusic.ca at 3:00 PM EST as well as www.davidbowie.com from midnight the same day. LOVE IS LOST (HELLO STEVE REICH MIX BY JAMES MURPHY FOR THE DFA) is to be released as part of a three disc collectors set/download THE NEXT DAY EXTRA on November the 5th. THE NEXT DAY EXTRA will feature the original 14 song album, a 10 track companion album with five unheard songs/two remixes and a DVD featuring four videos from THE NEXT DAY, a 7-track digital EP bundle will also be available. THE NEXT DAY EXTRA is released on November 5th. THE NEXT DAY EXTRA (digital) THE NEXT DAY EXTRA (physical)
HAIM DEBUT TOP OF THE CHARTS IN THE US, CANADA, AND UK HAIM’S DAYS ARE GONE DEBUTS #6 IN THE US, #7 IN CANADA, AND #1 IN THE UK JIMMY KIMMEL LIVE! OUTDOOR CONCERT SET FOR NOVEMBER 5 (Columbia Records; New York, NY; October 9, 2013) – Following a massive surge of media attention, HAIM’s highly anticipated first full-length album Days Are Gone has debuted at #6 on the Billboard 200 album chart and #7 on the Nielsen SoundScan Top Albums chart. In the UK, Days Are Gone has debuted at #1, surpassing sales of new albums by established artists like Justin Timberlake and Dizzee Rascal. Renowned for their electrifying live performances, sisters Este, Danielle and Alana Haim are set to take over Jimmy Kimmel Live! with a special outdoor concert on Tuesday, November 5th. Jimmy Kimmel Live! airs weeknights at 11:35 PM ET/10:35 PM CT on ABC. Featuring crowd favourites, “Falling,” “Forever,” “Don’t Save Me,” and “The Wire,” as well as title track, “Days Are Gone,” co-written with Kid Harpoon and Jessie Ware, HAIM’s debut album has been released to tremendous critical acclaim. Touted as “instantly likeable” by The Associated Press, “irresistible” by the Los Angeles Times and “slick, confidently and winningly breezy” by The New York Times, Days Are Gone has been declared “one of the most proficient pieces of music to come out this year” by SPIN. The album has been awarded an 8.3 rating and “Best New Music” by Pitchfork, and has been hailed as “the kind of microtriumph you sit up and root for” by Rolling Stone in their 3.5 star review. The buzz surrounding HAIM’s debut release validates Time Out New York’s prediction that “2013 is going to be a good year for HAIM.” The band has received unprecedented media attention, being named an MTV “Artist to Watch,” a VH1 “You Oughta Know” artist, as well as being showcased as Spotify’s first ever “Spotlight” artist. In addition, HAIM have been featured on NPR Weekend Edition, have played a headlining slot at this year’s iTunes Festival and have received early support from Sirius XMU. HAIM are currently on tour after having made festival appearances at Lollapalooza, Bonnaroo, Austin City Limits and Made In America. Their recent captivating sold-out show at New York City’s Webster Hall led the New York Post to proclaim “when it comes to performing live, they already sound like masters of the art.” The band will headline shows at Vancouver’s Commodore Ballroom, Los Angeles’ Fonda, and San Francisco’s Treasure Island before wrapping up their Fall 2013 tour with a performance at Las Vegas’ Life is Beautiful Festival (see below for full North American tour dates). Tour Dates: 10/10 Lawrence, KS The Granada 10/12 Austin, TX Austin City Limits 10/14 Phoenix, AZ Crescent Ballroom 10/15 San Diego, CA Casbah 10/16 Los Angeles, CA Fonda 10/18 Pomona, CA The Glass House 10/20 San Francisco, CA Treasure Island 10/22 Portland, OR Mississippi Studios 10/23 Seattle, WA Neumos 10/24 Vancouver, BC Commodore Ballroom 10/27 Las Vegas, NV Life is Beautiful
MILEY CYRUS WRECKS ANOTHER RECORD!!! SHATTERING HER OWN RECORD, “WRECKING BALL” VIDEO BECOMES THE FASTEST TO REACH 100 MILLION VIEWS ACROSS VEVO “WRECKING BALL” IS CURRENTLY #1 ON THE ITUNES SONGS CHART (TORONTO-ON) In only 6 days, Miley Cyrus' music video for "Wrecking Ball" has become the fastest music video ever to reach CERTIFIED status, VEVO's milestone for videos delivering 100 million views. Cyrus shattered the previous record which she held for “We Can’t Stop,” which was CERTIFIED by VEVO in just 37 days after it premiered. VEVO's video view counts represent the only definitive and official metric across all digital platforms because of its far-reaching scale and reach, which includes online, mobile and tablet, connected devices and syndication partner sites like AOL, Facebook, Yahoo! Music and YouTube. Videos "CERTIFIED" by VEVO have achieved a similar milestone to that of the RIAA's Gold and Platinum certification for audio. Miley Cyrus premiered the video for her new single "Wrecking Ball" across VEVO on September 9th where it promptly delivered over 19.3 million views across the platform in the 24 hours following its premiere, setting a new record. The video was directed by Terry Richardson and shot in Los Angeles. "Wrecking Ball," the second single from "Bangerz" already hit the #1 spot at on the iTunes Top Songs Chart. Watch the music video HERE. Miley Cyrus will release her new album “Bangerz,” on October 8th which will include thirteen new tracks. Collaborating with renowned producers and songwriters such as Mike Will, Pharrell, Future, and will.i.am , this album marks a creative evolution for Miley. “Bangerz” is currently available for pre-order. Those who pre-order "Bangerz" at iTunes will get an instant grat track of “Wrecking Ball” and "We Can't Stop". The first single “We Can’t Stop” was released on June 3rd and immediately shot to #1 on iTunes in the US and 23 other countries. The single has climbed to #2 on the Billboard Hot 100 chart and has sold over 2 million tracks in the US alone. “We Can’t Stop” also became Cyrus’ first #1 single in the UK. In addition, the video for “We Can’t Stop” broke VEVO’s record for most views in a 24 hour period, and in only 37 days became the fastest video to reach 100 million views across VEVO. Miley Cyrus is a world renowned entertainer with record breaking success in film, television and music. She is a multiplatinum recording artist and has sold over 12 million albums and 20 million tracks in the US alone. www.mileycyrus.com Twitter:@mileycyrus www.facebook.com/mileycyrus
MGMT ANNOUNCE NORTH AMERICAN HEADLINING TOUR VIDEO FOR “COOL SONG NO. 2” DEBUTS VIA VEVO MGMT AVAILABLE NOW – INCLUDES THE “OPTIMIZER” A COMPLETE AUDIO + VISUAL EXPERIENCE (Toronto, ON; September 17, 2013) – In celebration of their new self-titled album out today, MGMT will hit the road for a North American headlining tour that will kick off November 10 with a special appearance at Fun Fun Fun Fest in Austin. As revealed by Jimmy Fallon during the band’s performance of “Plenty of Girls in the Sea” on Late Night with Jimmy Fallon last week, the tour will conclude on December 13 with the band playing a special hometown show at Barclays Center in Brooklyn, NY, following 2 Canadian dates in Toronto and Montreal (see below for full list of North American tour dates). Presales will begin Friday, September 20 at 10am local time at . MGMT is set to launch “Cool Song No. 2," the second video from MGMT, today via VEVO. Written and created by director Isaiah Seret and costume designer Mindy Le Brock, and shot by award-winning cinematographer, Bradford Young, “Cool Song No. 2” depicts a fully-realized future world in which genetically engineered plants are converted into euphoria-inducing drugs. The video stars Michael Kenneth Williams (known for his legendary roles as Omar in The Wire and Chalky White in Boardwalk Empire) as The Plant Hunter and Henry Hopper as his lover, Tree, who has been mutated by the drug and is undergoing the final stage of a bizarre physical transformation. “Cool Song No. 2” can be watched here: . MGMT has been released this week to widespread critical praise. Under The Radar hails the album as MGMT’s “most visionary and challenging album,” and Filter asserts that it “contains the same ingenuity fans have come to expect. The band still hold to no precedent but its own.” A collection of 10 diverse and powerful songs, the album is a result of MGMT’s experimentation with various in-studio writing processes and allowing the music to tell them where it wanted to go. Time notes, "As the band has matured so has their sound and the duo is moving past their Day-Glo party soundtrack tunes to create a more grown-up synth-heavy psychedelia,” and the Los Angeles Times declares that "Many [of the songs] are singalong catchy, but in their own surrealistic way." All commercial formats of MGMT include a download of the “Optimizer,” an immersive audio + visual album experience. Learn more here: . MGMT are Andrew VanWyngarden and Ben Goldwasser. North American Tour Dates: November 10 Austin, TX November 12 St. Louis, MO November 13 Madison, WI November 14 Columbus, OH November 15 Indianapolis, IN November 17 Des Moines, IA November 18 St. Paul, MN November 19 Chicago, IL November 20 Detroit, MI November 22 Louisville, KY November 23 Memphis, TN November 24 Atlanta, GA November 26 Washington, DC November 27 Charlotte, NC November 29 Durham, NC December 2 Pittsburgh, PA December 3 Philadelphia, PA December 5 Boston, MA December 7 Toronto, ON December 9 Montreal, QC December 13 Brooklyn, NY www.whoismgmt.com www.columbiarecords.com
ONE DIRECTION ANNOUNCE THE RELEASE OF THEIR THIRD ALBUM, MIDNIGHT MEMORIES, AVAILABLE MONDAY NOVEMBER 25 ALBUM PRE-ORDER AVAILABLE MONDAY SEPTEMBER 9 (NEW YORK, NY – SEPTEMBER 6, 2013) – British pop superstars One Direction will release their eagerly anticipated third studio album, MIDNIGHT MEMORIES globally on November 25, 2013 via Syco/Columbia Records. MIDNIGHT MEMORIES will be available for pre-order Monday, September 9 and in stores on Monday, November 25. MIDNIGHT MEMORIES will include worldwide smash hit single “Best Song Ever,” which recently made history on VEVO by racking up the highest number of views within 24 hours with a total of 12.3 million views. The music video for the single went on to win the “Song of the Summer” Award at the 2013 MTV Video Music Video Awards in Brooklyn. 2013 has been a monumental year for One Direction, who have played over 100 shows in 21 countries on their first ever Take Me Home World Tour. In February, the band visited Ghana with UK charity Comic Relief and recorded the official 2013 Red Nose Day charity single, “One Way Or Another (Teenage Kicks).” That same month they also won a BRIT Award for Global Success, and in August 2013 took home an astounding 6 Teen Choice Awards, including Choice Music Group. One Direction made their movie debut last week with their massive hit 3D concert movie and documentary One Direction: This Is Us. The film has been a phenomenal success, topping the UK and US box offices and grossing an incredible $18.4 million on its opening weekend in the US alone and an additional $14.8 million worldwide. In early 2014, One Direction will begin their worldwide Where We Are stadium tour in the UK, which includes two nights at Wembley stadium, as well as eight sold out dates in the UK and Ireland. Niall Horan, Zayn Malik, Liam Payne, Harry Styles and Louis Tomlinson formed in 2010 and have amassed a loyal fanbase and fame all across the globe. They have impressively sold over 32 million records and have achieved a total of 61 number ones.
GLEE SINGS THE BEATLES ALBUM AVAILABLE SEPTEMBER 24 FEATURING BRAND NEW TRACKS FROM SEASON 5 (Columbia Records; September 4, 2013) – Get ready for some Gleatlemania! The Glee cast introduces The Beatles’ legacy to a new generation with the album release of Glee Sings The Beatles on Tuesday, September 24. Glee Sings The Beatles includes 14 songs from the first two episodes of Glee’s fifth season, which will premiere on Thursday, September 26 (9:00-10:00 PM ET/PT) on Global. The album will feature the Glee cast’s take on the Fab Four’s iconic classics such as “All You Need Is Love,” “Let It Be,” and “A Hard Day’s Night” (see below for full track-listing). On the all-new “Love, Love, Love” premiere episode airing Thursday, September 26, the New Directions are back in action and take on their biggest assignment yet: The Beatles! As Will enlists the kids to pay homage to the classic song catalog from the Fab Four, Blaine and Kurt attempt to answer questions about their future together. Meanwhile, Rachel’s New York ambitions take an unexpected turn. Beatlemania continues at McKinley with the “Tina in the Sky with Diamonds” episode airing Thursday, October 3 (9:00-10:00 PM ET/PT). It’s time for the students to vote for prom queen and king, but when Tina receives a nomination, she takes on a fierce attitude that alienates her biggest supporters. Meanwhile, Rachel adjusts to a new attitude of her own as she and Santana work at a Broadway diner to make ends meet. Since its debut in 2009, Fox’s Glee has pioneered the comedy musical genre, becoming an unstoppable phenomenon that has redefined modern television and broken multiple music sales records. From the anthem hit “Don’t Stop Believin’” to the widely praised mash-up of Adele’s “Rumour Has It” and “Someone Like You,” Glee has sold over 55 million tracks and over 13 million albums worldwide. Throughout its four seasons, Glee has also set a groundbreaking record for the most songs charted by a single act on the Billboard Hot 100, surpassing records previously held by Elvis Presley, The Beatles and James Brown. With their incredible record sales, Glee has made a name for itself in music history. In the US, Glee scored three consecutive #1 releases with Glee: The Music, The Power of Madonna, Glee: The Music, Volume 3 Showstoppers, and Glee: The Music, Journey To Regionals. The RIAA has certified Glee: The Music, Volume 1 and Glee: The Music, The Christmas Album Platinum (sales in excess of 1 million units) as well as Glee: The Music, Volume 2, Glee: The Music, Volume 3 and Glee: The Music, Volume 4 Gold (sales in excess of 500,000 units). The full track listing for Glee Sings The Beatles is as follows: 1. Yesterday 2. Drive My Car 3. Got To Get You Into My Life 4. You’ve Got To Hide Your Love Away 5. Help 6. A Hard Day’s Night 7. I Saw Her Standing There 8. All You Need Is Love 9. Get Back 10. Here Comes The Sun 11. Something 12. Sgt. Pepper’s Lonely Hearts Club Band 13. Hey Jude 14. Let It Be
SONY MUSIC ENTERTAINMENT CANADA ANNOUNCES THE RELEASE OF LOVED ME BACK TO LIFE, THE NEW STUDIO ALBUM FROM INTERNATIONAL ICON CELINE DION (September 3, 2013) – Sony Music Entertainment Canada is thrilled to announce the release of Loved Me Back To Life, the highly anticipated new album from multi-diamond-selling and five-time Grammy® Award-winning musical legend Celine Dion. Loved Me Back To Life, Dion’s first English-language album in six years, will be released in Canada Tuesday, November 5 on Columbia Records (see track list below). The album’s pulsating, upbeat first single, also titled “Loved Me Back To Life,” is available digitally today. Pre-order the album at CelineDion.com and iTunes. Dion will perform “Loved Me Back To Life” live on Jimmy Kimmel Live! this Friday, September 6 and on The Ellen DeGeneres Show next Wednesday, September 11. Listen to “Loved Me Back To Life” on CelineDion.com now. Loved Me Back To Life offered Dion the chance to work with a team of exceptional producers and songwriters including Ne-Yo, Diane Warren, Tricky Stewart, Stevie Wonder, Eg White, Daniel Merriweather, Babyface, Audra Mae Butts, Play Production, Eman, Janis Ian, Danny Mercer, Andrew Goldstein, Shaffer Smith, Jessi Alexander, Tommy Lee James, Corparal, Sauce, Kyle Townsend, Dana Parish, Andrew Hollander, Aaron Pearce, Kuk Harrell, and Walter Afanasieff. The album’s single and title track was written by Sham & Motesart and Sia. In addition, Ne-Yo and Stevie Wonder lend their incredible talents as Dion’s duet partners. In December of 2007, Dion concluded an unprecedented concert engagement in Las Vegas—five consecutive years of sold-out shows at The Colosseum at Caesars Palace, a $100 million venue built exclusively for her performances. This historic, original show, entitled "A New Day...", was one of the highest grossing concerts in music history, selling more than 3 million tickets in its run and helping make Dion the highest-grossing touring artist in the world from 2000 to 2010. In 2011, Celine returned to The Colosseum with a brand-new critically-acclaimed show, simply entitled "Celine," playing to sold-out audiences since opening night. This spectacular show, which will continue for several years to come, features Dion’s greatest hits, some surprising covers, and a few songs featured on Loved Me Back To Life, including the title track. Having sold more than 220 million albums around the world, Celine Dion is one of the most immediately recognized, widely respected and successful performers in pop music history. In addition to numerous Canadian and international gold, platinum and multi-platinum certifications, Celine Dion has seen six of her albums—Falling Into You, Let’s Talk About Love, Celine Dion, The Colour Of My Love, All The Way… A Decade Of Song and These Are Special Times —each achieve Diamond status in recognition of sales of more than 1 million copies in Canada alone. She has been awarded five Grammy® Awards, including Record of the Year and Best Female Pop Vocal Performance for “My Heart Will Go On” in 1998, Album of the Year and Best Pop Album for Falling Into You in 1996, and Best Pop Performance by a Duo or Group with Vocal for “Beauty and the Beast” in 1992. Both “My Heart Will Go On” and “Beauty and the Beast” received Best Song Academy Awards for their respective years of release. Loved Me Back To Life track list: 1. Loved Me Back To Life 2. Somebody Loves Somebody 3. Incredible (duet with Ne-Yo) 4. Water And A Flame 5. Breakaway 6. Save Your Soul 7. Didn’t Know Love 8. Thank You 9. Overjoyed (duet with Stevie Wonder) 10. Thankful 11. At Seventeen 12. Always Be Your Girl 13. Unfinished Songs www.celinedion.com www.facebook.com/celinedion www.twitter.com/celinedion
John Mayer's Paradise Valley Streaming in its Entirety Exclusively on iTunes Now Paradise Valley To Be Released August 20 Mayer To Perform “Live On Letterman” Webcast On August 19 New York, NY, August 12, 2013—John Mayer’s new album Paradise Valley is available to stream in its entirety exclusively on iTunes beginning today (iTunes.com/JohnMayer). The album will be available to stream until its release on August 20. The Grammy Award-winning singer, songwriter and musician produced Paradise Valley with longtime collaborator Don Was, who also co-produced Mayer’s #1 charting Gold-certified 2012 release Born and Raised, and has worked on albums for acts such as the Rolling Stones, B.B. King and Bonnie Raitt. Fans who pre-order the album on iTunes will instantly receive a download of the track “Wildfire" (iTunes.com/JohnMayer). John Mayer will also preview songs from Paradise Valley along with fan favourites, the day before the album’s release for a “Live on Letterman” webcast concert on August 19. Mayer fans have the chance to win tickets to the webcast performance using the John Mayer Tour App, now available on all mobile platforms and through Citi’s Private Pass® program ( www.citiprivatepass.com ). The webcast will be streamed live at and also will be available on demand on CBS.com and VEVO. He will also perform his latest single “Wildfire” on the broadcast of the Late Show with David Letterman that evening. Mayer kicked off his first tour in three years last month, which marks his return after the recurrence of a throat granuloma forced him to cancel his tour in support of Born and Raised and take an indefinite hiatus from performing. The 40-stop U.S tour continues through early October, with support act Phillip Phillips (“Home,” “Gone, Gone, Gone”) for most shows. Mayer was also announced on the lineup for the Global Poverty Project benefit concert in Central Park on September 28. Mayer is using the U.S. portion of the tour to heighten awareness of and raise funds for our military veterans suffering from the effects of post traumatic stress. One dollar from each tour ticket sold will fund PTS-related programs created by Mayer and the Northern California Institute for Research and Education. Paradise Valley pre-order on iTunes: iTunes.com/JohnMayer “Paper Doll” lyric video: “Wildfire” lyric video: For a complete list of tour dates please visit:
EMBLEM3’s DEBUT ALBUM NOTHING TO LOSE MAKES TOP 10 ENTRY ON THE BILLBOARD 200 U.S. AND ON NIELSEN SOUNDSCAN CANADA BAND UP FOR ‘BREAKOUT GROUP’ AT NEXT WEEKEND’S TEEN CHOICE AWARDS (SYCO/Columbia Records; Toronto, ON– August 7, 2013) – Emblem3’s debut album Nothing To Lose has made an impressive top 10 entry on the Billboard Top 200 Albums Chart in the U.S., debuting at #7 and selling nearly 46,000 copies. In Canada Nothing To Lose debuted at #8 on the Nielsen Soundscan Sales Charts. The album, which was released July 30 and features hit single “Chloe (You’re The One I Want),” marks the highest first week sales of any other act from The X Factor US and is the biggest debut album sales week from any US television competition series artist in 2013. Nothing To Lose was the first release on Executive Producer Savan Kotecha’s label imprint “Mr Kanani,” through Syco Music / Columbia Records. Emblem3 has received much praise in recent weeks, with Entertainment Tonight applauding the album’s “beach-ready tunes that create the perfect summer soundtrack.” The Los Angeles Times described their sound as “a fusion of pop, ska and hip-hop – think Sublime, only with washboard abs and none of the grit” while The Huffington Post named Emblem3 “The Next Boy Band to Watch.” This weekend, Emblem3 will present at the 2013 Teen Choice Awards, where they’ve also received a nomination in the Choice Music Breakout Group category alongside Icona Pop, Imagine Dragons, The Lumineers and Macklemore & Ryan Lewis. Teen Choice 2013 celebrates the hottest teen icons in television, music, film, sports, fashion, comedy and the web, and the star-studded, two-hour event will air live Sunday, August 11 at 8:00PM ET / PT on FOX. Fans can vote for Emblem3 at www.teenchoiceawards.com . Emblem3 kicked off their album release week with a performance of “Chloe (You’re The One I Want)” on The View, which follows their network television debut of the song on Good Morning America’s annual Summer Concert Series in June. The band also spent the week taking east coast malls by storm during a run of album signing events that drew thousands of screaming fans. “Chloe” has achieved Top 25 airplay at Pop Radio, while the band’s new Twitter followers were up 92% (3X the Social 50 average) last week alone. Emblem3, who got their start competing on the second season of The X Factor (on Fox), will wrap up a run of headline tour dates this month before joining Selena Gomez on the Stars Dance arena tour across the US and Canada (8 dates) , kicking off on August 14 in Vancouver and running through the end of November. For ticket information and tour dates please visit . Emblem3 are: Brothers Wesley and Keaton Stromberg and lifelong friend Drew Chadwick. Emblem3 on Tour: Date City Venue Aug 7 Richmond, VA The National* Aug 10 Myrtle Beach, SC House of Blues* Aug 14 Vancouver, BC Pepsi Live at Rogers Arena** Aug 16 Lethbridge, AB Enmax Centre** Aug 17 Edmonton, AB Rexall Place** Aug 18 Saskatoon, SK Credit Union Center** Aug 19 Winnipeg, MB MTS Centre** Aug 22 Ottawa, ON Scotiabank Place** Aug 23 Montreal, QC Bell Center** Aug 24 Toronto, ON Air Canada Centre** Oct 10 Washington, D.C. Patriot Center** Oct 11 Pittsburgh, PA Peterson Events Center** Oct 12 Boston, MA TD Garden** Oct 15 Buffalo, NY First Niagara Arena** Oct 16 Brooklyn, NY Barclays Center** Oct 18 Philadelphia, PA Wells Fargo Center** Oct 19 Uncasville, CT Mohegan Sun Arena** Oct 20 Newark, NJ Prudential Center** Oct 22 Hershey, PA Giant Center** Oct 23 Louisville, KY KFC Yum! Center** Oct 25 Nashville, TN Bridgestone Arena** Oct 26 Atlanta, GA Philips Arena** Oct 27 Charlotte, NC Time Warner Cable Arena** Oct 29 Sunrise, FL BB&T Center** Oct 30 Tampa, FL Tampa Bay Times Forum** Nov 1 San Antonio, TX AT&T Center** Nov 2 Houston, TX Toyota Center** Nov 3 Dallas, TX American Airlines Arena** Nov 5 Phoenix, AZ US Airways Center** Nov 6 Los Angeles, CA STAPLES Center** Nov 8 San Diego, CA Valley View Casino Center** Nov 9 Las Vegas, NV Mandalay Bay Events Center** Nov 10 San Jose, CA HP Pavilion** Nov 12 Seattle, WA Key Arena at Seattle Center** Nov 14 Salt Lake City, UT Energy Solutions Arena** Nov 16 Denver, CO 1STBANK Center** Nov 17 Kansas City, MO Sprint Center** Nov 19 Indianapolis, IN Bankers Life Field House** Nov 21 Minneapolis, MN Target Center** Nov 22 Chicago, IL Allstate Arena** Nov 23 Columbus, OH Nationwide Arena** Nov 26 Detroit, MI Palace of Auburn Hills** Nov 27 St. Louis, MO Chaifetz Arena** *Emblem3 Headline Date **Supporting Selena Gomez Connect with Emblem3: www.emblem3.com/ www.twitter.com/emblemthree www.facebook.com/emblemthree www.instagram.com/emblemthree Nothing To Lose Available Here:
HAIM TO RELEASE HIGHLY ANTICIPATED DEBUT ON SEPTEMBER 30 VIA COLUMBIA RECORDS, AVAILABLE NOW FOR PRE-ORDER ON ITUNES First Single “The Wire” Available Now On iTunes (Columbia Records; Toronto, ON; August 6, 2013) – Breakout band HAIM will release their highly anticipated debut album, Days Are Gone, on September 30 via Columbia Records, available today for pre-order on iTunes (iTunes.com/HAIM). Recorded mostly in HAIM’s native Los Angeles, the album sees sisters Este, Danielle and Alana Haim working alongside acclaimed producers Ariel Rechtshaid (Usher, Vampire Weekend) and James Ford (Florence and the Machine, Arctic Monkeys). Days Are Gone will feature crowd favorites “Falling,” “Forever,” and “Don’t Save Me” as well as brand new tracks that have yet to air live, including title track “Days Are Gone,” which was co-written with Kid Harpoon and Jessie Ware (see below for full track listing). "The Wire," the first single from Days Are Gone, is available now on iTunes. Fans who pre-order the album on iTunes will instantly receive a download of the track "The Wire" (iTunes.com/HAIM). Already a live favorite, Fader observes, “the track’s final studio incarnation wisely emphasizes what HAIM does so well live, with ‘We Will Rock You’-styled drums, shades of guitar theatrics and a triumphant, everybody-together-now vocal medley.” MTV Buzzworthy has proclaimed the infectious track a “monster of a song: huge, hooky and ready to wreck major cities and/or pop charts,” and Pitchfork concludes that HAIM are “making some of the best power-pop out there right now.” A music video for “The Wire” will be released shortly. The Southern California trio has attracted a surge of industry attention since releasing their EPs Forever, Don’t Save Me and Falling. The band has also been prominently featured in Rolling Stone’s esteemed Best of Rock issue and Elle’s Women In Music issue, as well as recognized as “Faces to Watch 2013” by The Los Angeles Times, “20 Bands To Watch Out For” by Complex and “15 New Stars We Love” by Entertainment Weekly. In the UK, HAIM have impressively become the first female American act to ever win the BBC’s Sound of 2013, an annual poll of industry leaders to identify the most promising new music talent. This award has been a reliable indicator of success in recent years, with Ellie Goulding and Jessie J being named the winners in the past. HAIM’s electrifying live performances, including sold-out headlining shows at Los Angeles’ Troubadour and New York’s Music Hall of Williamsburg in addition to festival appearances at SXSW, Lollapalooza, Bonnaroo, Firefly and Governor’s Ball, have made waves on both sides of the Atlantic. Fader has declared that HAIM’s “practiced live show easily rivals any of their peers,” and it is no wonder that HAIM have been asked to support the likes of Phoenix, Florence and the Machine, Mumford and Sons and Vampire Weekend on tour. Later this month, HAIM will embark on a headlining North American tour with stops in New York, Boston and Los Angeles, among others (see below for full US tour dates). Time Out New York predicted “it’s safe to say that 2013 is going to be a good year for HAIM,” but with the release of their debut album, HAIM are only just getting started. The full track listing for Days are Gone is as follows: 1. Falling 2. Forever 3. The Wire 4. If I Could Change Your Mind 5. Honey & I 6. Don’t Save Me 7. Days Are Gone 8. My Song 5 9. Go Slow 10. Let Me Go 11. Running If You Call My Name US Tour Dates: 8/31 Philadelphia, PA Made in America 9/1 Boston, MA Paradise 9/3 New York, NY Webster Hall 9/7 Guthrie, OK Ottonwood Flast * 10/4 Austin, TX Antone’s 10/5 Austin, TX Austin City Limits 10/6 New Orleans, LA One Eyed Jacks 10/8 Dallas, TX Trees 10/10 Lawrence, KS The Granada 10/12 Austin, TX Austin City Limits 10/14 Phoenix, AZ Crescent Ballroom 10/15 San Diego, CA Casbah 10/16 Los Angeles, CA Fonda 10/18 Pomona, CA The Glass House 10/20 San Francisco, CA Treasure Island 10/22 Portland, OR Mississippi Studios 10/23 Seattle, WA Neumos 10/27 Las Vegas, NV Life is Beautiful *Supporting Mumford and Sons
GRAMMY-NOMINATED RECORDING ARTIST J. COLE ANNOUNCES 2013 NORTH AMERICAN TOUR WHAT DREAMS MAY COME TOUR FEATURING WALE The What Dreams May Come Tour Kicks off on September 10th Tickets on sale to the public on August 2nd July 30, 2013 – New York, NY – Grammy-nominated, platinum selling RocNation/Columbia recording artist J.Cole, in the midst of his critically acclaimed Gold selling new album Born Sinner, a Platinum selling, #1 single “Power Trip” featuring Grammy Award winner Miguel and rapidly rising second single, “Crooked Smile” featuring TLC, and a recent top selling fan tour, has announced details and dates for his 2013 North American tour, What Dreams May Come Tour, featuring Wale. The What Dreams May Come Tour featuring Wale will make stops at theatres throughout North America this fall, beginning on Tuesday, September 10th at the James L. Knight Center in Miami, FL concluding on October 30th at the Paramount Theatre in Seattle, WA. The 30 city, AEG Live tour, will go through several major markets including Toronto, Atlanta, Boston and Chicago amongst many others. J.Cole will also perform in Las Vegas, NV at The Colosseum at Caesars Palace, making him one of the first hip-hop acts to perform at the famed venue. Independently of the What Dreams May Come Tour, J.Cole will also perform at several college homecomings as well as the Rock The Bells Festivals. “It’s going to be a wild ride,” says J.Cole. Joining J.Cole on tour is Grammy-nominated and award-winning artist, Wale. Wale is touring in support of his latest release, the #1 album The Gifted, which sold over 158,000 units in its first week. This marks Wale’s third solo album and follows up his certified Gold sophomore album, Ambition, which also topped the charts as the #1 rap album and produced the Grammy-nominated, certified Gold single “Lotus Flower Bomb” featuring Miguel. Wale has released a series of critically acclaimed mixtapes and received praise for his debut album, Attention Deficit, from national publications such as Billboard and Paper Magazine. Tickets for What Dreams May Come Tour go on sale in select markets starting August 2nd at 10:00 am local time and are available through www.axs.com and www.jcolemusic.com . In addition to general ticketing, fans will also have a chance to purchase the J.Cole VIP meet and greet packages. These special packages include an exclusive meet and greet with J.Cole, an individual photo opportunity, an autographed tour lithograph and one commemorative VIP tour laminate. The packages do not have any age restrictions and will be available for sale with the start of tour ticket sales. In a special offer, fans who are signed up for J.Cole's newsletter will have first access to buying tickets. Those wishing to sign up for the newsletter can do so online here: https://www.jcolemusic.com/us/newsletter-signup The charitable partner for What Dreams May Come Tour is J.Cole’s Dreamville Foundation, with a portion from every concert ticket sold going to the registered 501c3. Created by J.Cole in 2011, The Dreamville Foundation’s mission is to reveal to youth their limitless potential through life-altering experiences. Since its inception, the organization has been dedicated to uplifting youth in Fayetteville through book clubs, essay contests and community events. Fans who would like to make additional donations to the non-profit can do so by visiting . The What Dreams May Come Tour follows on the heels of J.Cole’s phenomenally popular J.Cole Dollar & A Dream Tour. In an innovative show model, fans were able to attend intimate J.Cole shows for only $1.00 with venues and details being revealed the day of via Twitter. The tour, which took place leading up to the release of Born Sinner, created verifiable fan pandemonium, with concert attendees lined up hours in advanced and venues hitting capacity. In Toronto, the tour stop shut down the streets when over 3000 fans showed up for a coveted 500 tickets. For more information on J.Cole, the What Dreams May Come Tour and Born Sinner please visit www.bornsinner.com , www.jcolemusic.com , www.Dreamvillain.net , www.RocNation.com and www.columbiarecords.com .
ONE DIRECTION “BEST SONG EVER” BREAKS RECORD ON VEVO WITH 10.9 MILLION VIEWS IN 24 HOURS (NEW YORK, NY; VEVO; JULY 23, 2013) –VEVO, the world’s leading all-premium music video and entertainment platform, has announced today that global superstars One Direction’s new video “Best Song Ever” delivered 10.9 million views across VEVO in the 24 hours following its premiere. This beats out the previous record holder, Miley Cyrus “We Can’t Stop,” which hit 10.7 million views. One Direction premiered the video for their new single “Best Song Ever” across VEVO on July 22nd. The music video was directed by Ben Winston and shot in Miami. The video displays the boys’ acting skills with Niall as "Harvey, the Studio Exec," Harry as "Marcel, the Marketing Guy," Liam as "Leeroy, the Choreographer," Louis as "Jonny, the Studio Exec," and Zayn as "Veronica, the Sexy Assistant." One Direction will open TEEN CHOICE 2013 with a performance of “Best Song Ever.” TEEN CHOICE 2013 airs live from the Gibson Amphitheatre in Los Angeles on Sunday, August 11 (8:00-10:00 PM ET live/PT tape-delayed) on FOX. This will be the band’s first ever live television performance of “Best Song Ever,” the first single off their forthcoming third album and the lead single from their upcoming film THIS IS US. One Direction are currently on a worldwide tour in support of their second album TAKE ME HOME. Their movie THIS IS US will be released nationwide August 30th, 2013. The band will make a special appearance on NBC’s the Today Show Summer Concert series on August 23rd in support of the film. One Direction have just announced the first two legs of a worldwide stadium tour for 2014 – including eight sold out dates in the UK and Ireland. With the two albums to date – UP ALL NIGHT and TAKE ME HOME - One Direction have sold over 30 million records worldwide. They’ve won two BRIT awards, three MTV Video Music awards, three Billboard Music awards and are nominated for six Teen Choice 2013 Awards, including Choice Music Group. Watch on VEVO: Download on iTunes:
GRAMMY AWARD-WINNING ARTIST JOHN LEGEND ANNOUNCES “MADE TO LOVE” NORTH AMERICAN TOUR Award Winning Singer Tamar Braxton Confirmed as Supporting Act 20+ Date Headlining Tour Kicks-Off October 20th, On Sale Information Available at JohnLegend.com, Fourth Solo Studio Album, Love In The Future, Drops September 3rd (July 23rd, 2013) Nine-time Grammy Award winning artist John Legend has announced tour dates for his upcoming “Made To Love” tour. The 20+ stop tour begins October 20th in Mashantucket, CT and will make stops across the US and Canada, including Washington DC, New York, Miami, Atlanta, Detroit, Toronto, Vancouver, Las Vegas and Los Angeles. Award-winning singer, reality star and talk show host Tamar Braxton, whose album Love and War also drops September 3rd, has been confirmed as a special guest throughout the tour. Ticket & on-sale information can be found at www.JohnLegend.com . Legend recently released “Made to Love,” the second single from his much anticipated fourth solo studio album, Love in the Future. The single - a follow up to the critically acclaimed “Who Do We Think We Are,” featuring Rick Ross - was produced by Dave Tozer, Nana Kwabena, Kanye West and Da Internz and is available digitally at . The song's video, set for a late-July release, was created from a concept by Yoann Lemoine (Drake/Rihanna, "Take Care;" Lana Del Rey, "Born To Die;" Woodkid, "Iron”) and was directed by acclaimed fashion photographer Daniel Sannwald. Love In the Future will be released by G.O.O.D. Music/Columbia on September 3rd. The highly anticipated album was produced by Legend and longtime collaborators Kanye West and Dave Tozer.
EMBLEM3 SET TO RELEASE DEBUT ALBUM NOTHING TO LOSE JULY 30 BAND NOMINATED FOR ‘MUSIC BREAKOUT GROUP’ AND PRESENTING AT THE 2013 TEEN CHOICE AWARDS EMBLEM3 WILL PERFORM ON THE VIEW JULY 29 (Toronto ON– July 23, 2013) – Emblem3 will release their highly anticipated debut album Nothing To Lose on July 30. The album, executive produced by award-winning songwriter and producer Savan Kotecha (Maroon 5, Usher, One Direction) is available in deluxe and standard editions (see attached tracklistings) and is currently available for pre-order at . Emblem3 co-wrote much of the album, which includes hit single “Chloe (You’re The One I Want)” and features songwriting by Jack Antonoff of fun., Benji and Joel Madden of Good Charlotte and Max Martin (Taylor Swift, Maroon 5, Katy Perry). The deluxe version features four bonus tracks, including two live songs (“Jaiden” and “Reason”) written exclusively by Emblem3 and recorded during the band’s sold out winter headline tour earlier this year. The album will be the first release on Savan Kotecha’s label imprint “Mr Kanani,” through Syco Music / Columbia Records. “We are so stoked to finally get to share our new music with the world! It's been a dream come true recording this first record and we are forever grateful,” said Emblem3’s Wesley Stromberg. The band’s Drew Chadwick noted, “We put our heart and soul into each track. We hope that these songs can reach out and connect to as many people as possible and let them know to keep their chin up and never give up because dreams do come true.” “Live each day like it’s your last and live like you've got Nothing to Lose!” added Keaton Stromberg. "I was inspired to work with Emblem3 after meeting them backstage on The X Factor” said Savan Kotecha. “These guys are the real deal. It was a true pleasure to help guide them in crafting their first album and watching them grow as musicians and writers throughout the process. They've created a fresh sound that I can't wait for the world to hear!" Following the album release Emblem3 will present at the 2013 Teen Choice Awards, where they’ve also received a nomination in the Choice Music Breakout Group category alongside Icona Pop, Imagine Dragons, The Lumineers and Macklemore & Ryan Lewis. Teen Choice 2013 celebrates the hottest teen icons in television, music, film, sports, fashion, comedy and the web, and the star-studded, two-hour event will air live Sunday, August 11 at 8:00PM ET / PT on FOX. Fans can vote for Emblem3 at www.teenchoiceawards.com . The band will celebrate the release of Nothing To Lose with a performance of hit single “Chloe (You’re The One I Want)” on ABC’s The View on Monday, July 29. This performance follows the band’s national television debut of the song last month on ABC’s annual Good Morning America Summer Concert Series, where they joined a prestigious series lineup including Mariah Carey, Jennifer Lopez, Alicia Keys, Demi Lovato, John Legend, Pitbull and Selena Gomez. Emblem3, who got their start competing on the second season of The X Factor (on Fox) will continue on a run of headline tour dates this month before joining Selena Gomez on the Stars Dance arena tour across the US and Canada, kicking off on August 14 in Vancouver and running through the end of November. For ticket information and tour dates please visit . Emblem3 are: brothers Wesley and Keaton Stromberg and lifelong friend Drew Chadwick. Nothing To Lose Tracklisting: 1) Just For One Day 2) Spaghetti 3) XO 4) Chloe (You’re The One I Want) 5) Girl next door 6) Nothing to Lose 7) Love LA Sunset Blvd 9) 3000 Miles 10) Teenage Kings 11) One Day 12) Do It All Again* 13) I Wish* 14) Jaiden (Live)* 15) Reason (Live)* *Deluxe version only Emblem3 on Tour: Date City Venue July 18 Paso Robles, CA California Mid State Fair July 20 Orange County, CA OC Fair July 21 Sacramento, CA Ace of Spades* July 27 Hershey Park, PA Mix Tape Festival July 28 Cleveland, OH House of Blues* Aug 2 Hampton Beach, NH Hampton Beach Casino* Aug 4 Cohasset, MA South Shore Music Circus Aug 6 Norfolk, VA The Norva* Aug 7 Richmond, VA The National* Aug 10 Myrtle Beach, SC House of Blues* Aug 14 Vancouver, BC Pepsi Live at Rogers Arena** Aug 16 Calgary, AB Scotiabank Saddledome** Aug 17 Edmonton, AB Rexall Place** Aug 18 Saskatoon, SK Credit Union Center** Aug 19 Winnipeg, MB MTS Centre** Aug 22 Ottawa, ON Scotiabank Place** Aug 23 Montreal, QC Bell Center** Aug 24 Toronto, ON Air Canada Centre** Oct 10 Washington, D.C. Patriot Center** Oct 11 Pittsburgh, PA Peterson Events Center** Oct 12 Boston, MA TD Garden** Oct 15 Buffalo, NY First Niagara Arena** Oct 16 Brooklyn, NY Barclays Center** Oct 18 Philadelphia, PA Wells Fargo Center** Oct 19 Uncasville, CT Mohegan Sun Arena** Oct 20 Newark, NJ Prudential Center** Oct 22 Hershey, PA Giant Center** Oct 23 Louisville, KY KFC Yum! Center** Oct 25 Nashville, TN Bridgestone Arena** Oct 26 Atlanta, GA Philips Arena** Oct 27 Charlotte, NC Time Warner Cable Arena** Oct 29 Sunrise, FL BB&T Center** Oct 30 Tampa, FL Tampa Bay Times Forum** Nov 1 San Antonio, TX AT&T Center** Nov 2 Houston, TX Toyota Center** Nov 3 Dallas, TX American Airlines Arena** Nov 5 Phoenix, AZ US Airways Center** Nov 6 Los Angeles, CA STAPLES Center** Nov 8 San Diego, CA Valley View Casino Center** Nov 9 Las Vegas, NV Mandalay Bay Events Center** Nov 10 San Jose, CA HP Pavilion** Nov 12 Seattle, WA Key Arena at Seattle Center** Nov 14 Salt Lake City, UT Energy Solutions Arena** Nov 16 Denver, CO 1STBANK Center** Nov 17 Kansas City, MO Sprint Center** Nov 19 Indianapolis, IN Bankers Life Field House** Nov 21 Minneapolis, MN Target Center** Nov 22 Chicago, IL Allstate Arena** Nov 23 Columbus, OH Nationwide Arena** Nov 26 Detroit, MI Palace of Auburn Hills** Nov 27 St. Louis, MO Chaifetz Arena** *Emblem3 Headline Date **Supporting Selena Gomez
PASSION PIT ANNOUNCE NORTH AMERICAN FALL TOUR (New York, NY; Columbia Records; July 15th, 2013) – A year out from the release of their critically-acclaimed sophomore album Gossamer, Passion Pit have announced a massive fall headlining tour across North America, including festival appearances at the First City Festival, Boston Calling, Austin City Limits and North Coast Music Festival. The tour also includes two shows at New York City's Pier 36 on September 6th and 7th, where Passion Pit will offer discounted tickets to fans that purchased seats to the band's sold-out February performance at Madison Square Garden, but were unable to attend due to a blizzard. Proceeds from these specially-priced tickets will be donated to the American Foundation for Suicide Prevention. The tour will feature special guests The Joy Formidable on a number of dates beginning September 29th, with stops in Los Angeles (where Passion Pit will headline the fabled Greek Theatre), Atlanta, New Orleans, Salt Lake City, San Diego and many other cities throughout October and November. A full list of dates are included below-- tickets go onsale beginning Friday, July 19th, with a special fan presale kicking off on Wednesday, July 17th at 10am at PassionPitMusic.com. All fans that purchase presale tickets will have the chance to enter to win a meet and greet with the band at the show. Pres-sale link: Picked by Relix Magazine as one of their “Summer Stars” on the festival circuit, Passion Pit returned to Bonnaroo for a second time, where they played what Billboard exclaimed was a “show-stopping performance of "Take a Walk," with the audience belting the titular lyrics along to the chorus.” After Bonnaroo the band hopped over to Nashville to record a VEVO Presents: Unexpected Covers session. The session is live now on VEVO and includes performances of “Take A Walk”, “Carried Away”, and a cover of FUN.’s “Carry On.” Washington Times raved that “Passion Pit is the personification of pop music.” A year after its release, Gossamer has yielded a gold single in “Take A Walk,” while the band has fulfilled a dream in selling out a headline show at Madison Square Garden, performed on Saturday Night Live and continued touring in the largest venues of their career. Passion Pit is the studio project of Michael Angelakos, and is joined onstage by Ian Hultquist, Jeff Apruzzese, Xander Singh, and Chris Hartz. Passion Pit on tour: 8/10 Somerset, WI Summer Set Music Festival 8/24 Monterey, CA First City Festival 8/30 Chicago, IL North Coast Music Festival 8/31 Calgary, Canada X-Fest 9/1 Edmonton, Canada Sonic Boom Festival 9/3 Saskatoon, Canada The Odeon 9/4 Winnipeg, Canada Garrick Centre 9/6 New York, NY Pier 26 9/7 New York, NY Pier 26 9/8 Boston, MA Boston Calling Festival 9/29 Charlottesville, VA nTelos Wireless Pavilion ^ 10/1 Ashville, NC Orange Peel ^ 10/2 Winston-Salem, NC Ziggys ^ 10/3 Birmingham, AL Iron City ^ 10/5 Austin, TX Austin City Limits 10/7 Wilmington, NC Greenfield Lake Amphitheatre ^ 10/8 North Myrtle Beach, SC House of Blues ^ 10/10 Atlanta, GA Masquerade Music Park ^ 10/11 New Orleans, LA The Civic Theatre ^ 10/12 Austin, TX Austin City Limits 10/15 Broomfield, CO 1st Bank Center ^ 10/16 Salt Lake City, UT The Complex ^ 10/18 Spokane, WA Knitting Factory Concert House ^ 10/19 Portland, OR Theater of The Clouds 10/21 Sacramento, CA The Theatre at Sleep Train Arena ^ 10/22 San Diego, CA Open Air Theatre ^ 10/25 Los Angeles, CA Greek Theatre ^ 10/26 Santa Barbara, CA Santa Barbara Bowl ^ 10/27 Las Vegas, NV Life is Beautiful Festival 10/29 Kansas City, MO The Midland by AMC ^ 10/31 Fairfax, VA Patriot Center ^ 11/1 Atlantic City, NJ Showboat ^ 11/3 Norfolk, VA The Norva ^ 11/8 St. Augustine, FL St. Augustine Amphitheater * 11/9 Tampa, FL Coastline Festival 11/10 West Palm Beach, FL Coastline Festival ^ With The Joy Formidable * With Two Door Cinema Club, The Joy Formidable and St. Lucia
THE 20/20 EXPERIENCE WILL CONTINUE ITS WORLDWIDE DOMINATION ON SEPTEMBER 30TH FIRST SINGLE, “TAKE BACK THE NIGHT” AVAILABLE NOW ON THE ITUNES STORE; ALBUM ALSO AVAILABLE FOR PRE-ORDER ALSO AVAILABLE ON AMAZON AND ALL DIGITAL SERVICE PROVIDERS JUSTIN TIMBERLAKE KICKS OFF 12 CITY LEGENDS OF THE SUMMER STADIUM TOUR WITH JAY Z ON JULY 17TH IN TORONTO NY, NY… On September 30th Justin Timberlake will continue the journey of his critically acclaimed and worldwide best-selling album of the year, The 20/20 Experience with the release of The 20/20 Experience - 2 of 2 on RCA Records. The soulful first single, "Take Back The Night" picks up right where he left off and The 20/20 Experience continues. “Take Back The Night” was written by Justin Timberlake, Timbaland, Jerome “J-Roc” Harmon and James Fauntleroy and produced by Timbaland, Justin Timberlake and Jerome “J-ROC” Harmon. The 20/20 Experience – 2 of 2 is available today for pre-order on the iTunes Store (iTunes.com/JT) as well as The 20/20 Experience – The Complete Experience which features all 21 tracks. In addition, fans who pre-order either version of the album will instantly receive a download of the single “Take Back The Night.” The single is also available on Amazon and all digital service providers. The album will feature 11 all new tracks as well as a special surprise from Justin. “I originally recorded a massive amount of material and decided on the 20 tracks that I wanted on the album over a year ago. But, when I was mixing and going through all of the songs there were so many that I loved - I couldn't resist... I had to throw in something extra on the 2nd half." Fresh off his outstanding performance at the 2013 BET Awards, Justin will kick off his 12 city Legends of the Summer Stadium Tour with JAY Z on Wednesday in Toronto. He will also perform as a headliner at the iTunes Music Festival in September. Additionally, Justin will head back to the stage this fall on October 31 for The 20/20 Experience World Tour making this his first solo tour in six years. The 20/20 Experience is already hailed by critics as one of the year’s best albums and has seen massive US and international success. In the US alone, the certified double platinum album is currently on top in 2013 as the best-selling album, biggest Top 200, R&B album and Digital album debut, is the only album this year to surpass 2 million albums sold and reached #1 across 7 SoundScan charts (Top 200, Top Digital albums, Top R&B albums, Top Current albums, Top Vinyl albums, Top Physical albums and Top Internet albums). Additionally, the album marks Justin with the biggest male debut in 5 years as well as the biggest digital debut in US history by a male artist. The album held the #1 spot for both the Top 200 (3 weeks) and R&B album chart (10 weeks). In just its first week of release all 10 tracks charted on the digital songs chart and have sold over 5.2 million tracks. The album has reached platinum status in 3 other countries as well as gold status in 9 other countries. The most recent single, “Mirrors” is certified double platinum in the US and marks an all-time audience high (184 million) and in spins at TOP40 (16K) for Justin in one week. The single reached #1 in 48 markets including UK, Germany and Ireland as well as #1 airplay on the European Hit 100, UK, Germany, Canada (CHR & HAC), Denmark, Norway & South Africa. The album’s first single, “Suit & Tie” ft. JAY Z is also certified double platinum in the US. Visit www.justintimberlake.com to hear “Take Back The Night.”
KINGS OF LEON RELEASE NEW SINGLE, “SUPERSOAKER,” JULY 17 PERFORM ON LATE NIGHT WITH JIMMY FALLON JULY 22 NEW ALBUM, MECHANICAL BULL, OUT SEPTEMBER 24 On July 17, Kings of Leon will release the first single, Supersoaker, via iTunes, Amazon and all digital providers. The song is from their soon-to-be released record Mechanical Bull. The album was produced by Angelo Petraglia and recorded at the band’s studio in Nashville, TN. The band will perform "Supersoaker" on Late Night with Jimmy Fallon on July 22. Kings of Leon are currently on the road in the UK and Europe and will perform along with The Flaming Lips, Jackson Browne, Built to Spill and others at the Rock for Oklahoma benefit on Tuesday July 23 at the Chesapeake Energy Arena. The band will be returning to Europe in August and then will perform at the 2013 Global Citizen Festival on September 28 in New York’s Central Park.
MS MR KICK OFF FALL HEADLINING TOUR IN CANADA STOPS IN MONTREAL, TORONTO AND VANCOUVER Toronto, ON - June 25th, 2013 – New York City based duo MS MR will embark on a North American headline tour this fall in support of their critically acclaimed, debut album Secondhand Rapture. The tour will begin in Canada on September 16th in Montreal and will include stops in Toronto and Vancouver along with a number of U.S. shows (full list of dates below). Additionally, the duo will hit the global festival circuit this summer with performances at Glastonbury, Splendour in the Grass, Lollapalooza, Rock En Seine, Outside lands and Austin City Limits. MS MR made their late night television debut last month with a performance of their single Hurricane on the Late Show With David Letterman. The band performed Hurricane along with the rest of Secondhand Rapture on their recent US west coast run opening for CSS. The Daily Beast noted, at the duo’s sold-out album release show at Bowery Ballroom in NY, that “Plapinger’s layered vocals are accentuated by Hershenow’s swirling, swelling electro-pop production replete with synths, drums, and electronic beats” delivering what Time Out New York calls “a finely crafted work of dream pop.” To catch a preview of what’s in store for the tour; check out MS MR’s live show at the SXSW Hype Hotel on Baeble Music: MS MR’s debut album Secondhand Rapture is comprised of 12 sweeping tracks cholk-full of the duo’s compelling blend of cinematic pop. The duo was recently inducted into MTV’s ‘Artist To Watch’ spotlight series, named as one of The Guardian’s ‘One to Watch’ and noted by Teen Vogue as the “next big musical duo.” MS MR’s debut album includes the previously released track Bones, which was prominently featured in the Game Of Thrones season trailer. Produced by Max Hershenow, with additional production and mix by Tom Elmhirst, the duo co-wrote Secondhand Rapture over the course of 2011 in Brooklyn, NY. Watch MS MR perform Hurricane on the Late Show With David Letterman: David Letterman - MS MR: "Hurricane" MS MR headline tour dates: 9/16 Montreal, QC Café Campus * 9/17 Toronto, ON Phoenix * 9/19 Philadelphia, PA The Church * 9/21 Boston, MA Brighton Music Hall * 9/22 Washington, D.C. Black Cat * 9/24 New York, NY Webster Hall * 9/25 Cleveland, OH Grog Shop * 9/27 Kansas City, KC Berkley Riverfront Park 9/28 Minneapolis, MN 7th Street Entry * 9/29 Madison, WI Majestic * 9/30 Chicago, IL Lincoln Hall * 10/2 Tulsa, OK Vanguard 10/6 Austin, TX Austin City Limits 10/7 Dallas, TX House of Blues 10/8 Houston, TX Warehouse 10/9 New Orleans, LA House of Blues 10/12 Mexico City Corona Capitol 10/13 Austin, TX Austin City Limits 10/17 Los Angeles, CA Troubadour # 10/18 Los Angeles, CA Troubadour # 10/19 San Diego, CA Soda Bar # 10/23 Vancouver, BC Venue # * with MØ supporting # with Wildcat! Wildcat! supporting Website: Tumblr: Facebook:
MGMT SET TO RELEASE SELF-TITLED ALBUM ON SEPTEMBER 17 (Toronto, ON; June 25, 2013) – MGMT are back with their self-titled third studio album - MGMT - set to be released on September 17. The successor to 2008’s Oracular Spectacular and 2010’s Congratulations, MGMT finds Andrew VanWyngarden and Ben Goldwasser continuing to push themselves to expand the boundaries of modern pop music. Returning to Tarbox Road Studios to work with longtime collaborator Dave Fridmann (Co-producer and mixer of Oracular Spectacular and Congratulations, The Flaming Lips, Tame Impala), Andrew and Ben experimented with various in-studio writing processes, allowing the music to tell them where it wanted to go. The result is a diverse and powerful collection of 10 songs (including a cover of "Introspection" by 1960’s psych band Faine Jade) that directly mirrors the duo's encompassing surrealist view of the everyday (see below for full track listing). The world was given a taste of MGMT in April with the Record Store Day release (on limited edition cassette single) of album opener "Alien Days", hailed as an instant MGMT classic by fans and described by Rolling Stone as a “shimmering, psychedelic soundscape” and Spin as “a sumptuously detailed, exquisitely zonked-out space-rock construction.” In preparation for the highly anticipated release of MGMT, the band have begun assembling a variety of unique visual elements to accompany and illuminate the new music via "the Optimizer". Produced by MGMT live show video instrumentalist Alejandro Crawford, "the Optimizer" provides listeners of the album with a simultaneously aural & optical listening experience featuring video & CGI work by Andrew Benson, Emilio Gomariz, Geoffrey Lillemon, and Chris Timms. "the Optimizer" is part of an enhanced album package available on all commercial formats. “Your Life Is A Lie” will be the first music video released and finds MGMT again working with Tom Kuntz, director of the band's 2010 mini-epic “Congratulations” who has also received wide acclaim for his groundbreaking commercial and short film work. Up-and-coming indie director Sam Fleischner will be creating a clip for "Alien Days", and a video for the serpentine "Cool Song No. 2" is also in the works, both to be shot this summer. MGMT are currently on tour, recently performing to their largest headline audience in the U.S. with over 10,000 people in attendance at Artpark in Lewiston, NY. MGMT are set to play select North American festivals and club dates including headlining the Bunbury Festival in Cincinnati (July 13), First City Festival in Monterey, CA (August 24), FYF Festival in Los Angeles (August 25) and Bumbershoot Festival in Seattle (Sept. 2). MGMT will also play 2 festivals dates in Canada, performing at the Keloha Music and Arts Festival in Kelowna, B.C (July 5-7) and Festival D’Ete International De Quebec, PQ on July 9th. In the fall MGMT will commence a tour of Europe with stops in Glasgow, Cologne, Berlin, Paris and more. The band's first show at the Forum in London sold out immediately with a second show being added (see below for full list of tour dates). US Tour Dates for November-December will be announced next month. The full track listing for MGMT is as follows: Alien Days Cool Song No. 2 Mystery Disease Introspection Your Life Is a Lie A Good Sadness Astro-Mancy I Love You Too, Death Plenty Of Girls In the Sea An Orphan Of Fortune North American Tour Dates: July 3 Milwaukee, WI Summerfest/BMO Harris Bank July 5-7 Kelowna, B.C Keloha Music & Arts Festival July 9 Quebec City , PQ Festival D’Ete International De Quebec July 12 Lansing, MI Common Ground Music Festival July 13 Cincinnati, OH Bunbury Music Festival August 24 Monterey, CA Monterey County Fairgrounds August 25 Los Angeles, CA FYF Festival August 26 Las Vegas, NV The Pool at The Cosmopolitan August 29 Davis, CA Mondavi Center August 31 Bend, OR Les Schwab Amphitheatre September 1 Troutdale, OR Edgefield Amphitheatre September 2 Seattle, WA Bumbershoot Festival September 4 Boise, ID Knitting Factory September 5 Salt Lake City, UT Twilight Concert Series September 6 Denver, CO Fillmore Auditorium European Tour Dates (Guards supporting): September 26 Cologne, Germany Live Music Hall September 27 Brussels, Belgium AB September 29 Stockholm, Sweden Cirkus September 30 Oslo, Norway SentrumScene October 1 Copenhagen, Denmark Vega Main Hall October 3 Berlin, Germany Astra Kulturhaus October 4 Vienna, Austria Gasometer October 5 Munich, Germany Kesselhaus October 6 Zurich, Switzerland Komplex 457 October 8 Paris, France Olympia October 9 Hamburg, Germany Docks October 10 Utrecht, Netherlands Vredenburg Leidsche October 12 Glasgow, UK 02 ABC October 13 Wolverhampton, UK Civic Hall October 14 Manchester, UK O2 Apollo Manchester October 16 London, UK Forum October 19 Dublin, Ireland Olympia Theatre www.whoismgmt.com www.columbiarecords.com
GO TO BED WITH MILEY CYRUS ON “JIMMY KIMMEL LIVE” AND WAKE UP WITH THE GLOBAL SUPERSTAR ON “GOOD MORNING AMERICA” Disney-ABC Offers The first ever red-eye experience with Miley Cyrus Coast-to-Coast Cyrus Tour Concludes on "LIVE with Kelly and Michael" (Toronto, ON) Miley Cyrus is coming to ABC’s “Jimmy Kimmel Live” for an exclusive late night appearance on Tuesday, June 25. The hit maker will first sit down with the late night host to talk about her new music followed by an epic performance in the center of Hollywood, CA on JKL’s SONY outdoor stage in front of thousands of fans. This will be Miley’s first ever live performance of "We Can't Stop", the first single off her forthcoming RCA Records debut album. Straight from “JKL”, which airs at 11:35pm/10:35pm CT, Cyrus will hop on a jet and travel across the country to New York City where “Good Morning America” will capture every moment of her adventure. Fans will be able to relive Miley’s journey with “GMA” the next morning, Wednesday, June 26, featuring a performance by Cyrus at “GMA’s” studios in the heart of Times Square. The entire experience will conclude with a final stop at “LIVE with Kelly and Michael," where Cyrus will sit down with co-host Michael Strahan and guest co-host Kristin Chenoweth. Fans will enjoy ending their day with Cyrus’s performance on “Jimmy Kimmel Live” and continue their Miley-extravaganza as soon as they wake up with continued appearances on “Good Morning America” and “LIVE with Kelly & Michael.” ABOUT “GOOD MORNING AMERICA” Emmy Award-winning “Good Morning America,” featuring the anchor team of Robin Roberts, George Stephanopoulos, Sam Champion, Lara Spencer and Josh Elliott, airs MONDAY-FRIDAY (7:00-9:00 a.m., ET). The two-hour, live morning program airs on the ABC Television Network. Tom Cibrowski is senior executive producer. ABOUT “JIMMY KIMMEL LIVE” (weeknights, 11:35 p.m., ET) Jimmy Kimmel serves as host and executive producer of Emmy Award-nominated "Jimmy Kimmel Live," the ABC Television Network's late-night talk show. Now in its tenth season, "JKL" is packed with hilarious comedy bits and features a diverse lineup of guests including celebrities, athletes, musicians, comedians and humorous human interest subjects. Every night Kimmel delivers his up-to-the minute take on the latest news and pop culture topics from the day's events in his monologue, and has recently welcomed such notables as Johnny Depp, Meryl Streep, Tom Cruise, Robert Pattinson, Katy Perry, Will Farrell, Scarlett Johansson, Channing Tatum, Charlize Theron, John Krasinski, Jennifer Garner, Jessica Biel, Justin Bieber, Jessica Simpson, Kate Beckinsale, Ben Stiller, Jonah Hill, Andy Samberg, Michelle Williams, Zac Efron, Charlie Sheen, Chris Pine, Jeremy Renner, Jada Pinkett Smith, Josh Brolin, Russell Brand, Woody Harrelson and Joseph Gordon-Levitt. "Jimmy Kimmel Live," broadcasts from Disney's El Capitan Theater, located on Hollywood Boulevard in the heart of L.A.'s star-studded Walk of Fame. Kimmel showcases this illustrious location's unique character throughout his show by regularly interacting with the local "Super Heroes" parading along the boulevard and challenging passersby to participate in various comedy bits. He has also created many one-of-a-kind concert experiences, closing down Hollywood streets around his studio to hold musical block party events with artists such as Coldplay, Lady Gaga, Jay-Z and Depeche Mode, as well as special outdoor and lobby performances by Adele, Linkin Park, Justin Timberlake, Drake, Tony Bennett, Pitbull, Britney Spears, Lady Antebellum, Usher, Lenny Kravitz, Brad Paisley, Lil Wayne, Phoenix, 50 Cent, No Doubt and Dave Matthews Band. Jimmy Kimmel and Jill Leiderman serve as executive producers. Jason Schrift, Douglas DeLuca and Erin Irwin serve as co-executive producers. "Jimmy Kimmel Live" is shot live in front of a studio audience and produced by Jackhole Industries in association with ABC Studios. For more go to www.jimmykimmellive.com < >. ABOUT "LIVE WITH KELLY AND MICHAEL" (weekdays in national syndication) Emmy Award-winning talk show “LIVE with Kelly and Michael” is distributed in national syndication by Disney-ABC Domestic Television. Produced by WABC-TV in New York and executive-produced by Michael Gelman, “LIVE” airs in more than 200 markets across the U.S. Visit “LIVE” on the web at LIVEKellyandMichael.com, on Facebook, or follow “LIVE” on Twitter,@KellyandMichael. ABC Media Relations: Tra-Mi Callahan (818) 460-7967, Tra-Mi.Callahan@abc.com <mailto: Tra-Mi.Callahan@abc.com > Follow us on Twitter @JimmyKimmelLive,#JKL Photography and video available at www.abcmedianet.com < >. Photo request line (818) 460-6611.
MIKE POSNER TO JOIN JUSTIN BIEBER’S BELIEVE TOUR STARTING JUNE 22 NEW SINGLE “THE WAY IT USED TO BE” OUT NOW NEW ALBUM “PAGES” COMING SOON (Toronto, ON) – Singer, songwriter and producer Mike Posner will join Justin Bieber’s BELIEVE tour presented by Motorola, starting on June 22. The 30-date leg of the tour, announced in December as a result of overwhelming demand, kicks off Saturday June 22 at the Valley View Casino Center in San Diego, CA and will also feature Posner’s label mates Hot Chelle Rae. Posner just released his new single “The Way It Used To Be” on June 10th. His sophomore album Pages (RCA Records) will be released later this year. The first single The Way It Used To Be was co-written by Mike Posner, Martin Johnson, Ammo and produced by Martin Johnson and Ammo. The single is available at all digital providers and will impact radio in July. Listen to The Way It Used To Be here: . Watch the lyric video here: . Additionally, it was previously announced that Mike Posner will be a special guest on Ke$ha’s Warrior Tour in August. Since the release of Posner’s major label debut 31 Minutes To Takeoff in August of 2010, he has been in the studio working on his own music as well as producing and writing with artists such as Justin Bieber (Boyfriend), Labrinth (Beneath Your Beautiful), as well as Big Sean, Wiz Khalifa, Snoop Dogg, 2 Chainz, and Sammy Adams. He has also traveled all over the world promoting his album and his three smash singles, the multi-platinum breakout hit “Cooler Than Me” (recorded in his dorm room), “Please Don’t Go” and “Bow Chicka Wow Wow” which featured Lil’ Wayne. Posner has performed on The Ellen DeGeneres Show, The Late Night with Jimmy Fallon, and many more. In March of 2009, Posner’s first mixtape A Matter of Time (recorded in his dorm room) rose to the #1 position on iTunesU, promptly garnering him the attention of major labels. After signing a deal with RCA Records that summer, Posner returned to Duke University to finish up his course load, all the while beginning work on his debut album, self-releasing his second free mixtape One Foot Out The Door through iTunesU and rocking shows every weekend at colleges and festivals across the country. Just a year after A Matter of Time reached #1 on iTunesU, his debut album 31 Minutes to Takeoff reached #1 on iTunes proper. 25 year old Mike Posner hails from Detroit, MI and currently resides in Los Angeles, CA. www.mikeposner.com @mikeposner
GRAMMY AWARD-WINNING ARTIST JOHN LEGEND RELEASES LATEST SINGLE, “MADE TO LOVE” Fourth Solo Studio Album, Love In The Future, Drops September 3rd New York, NY (June 18th, 2013) Nine-time Grammy Award-winning artist John Legend has released “Made to Love,” the second single from his much anticipated fourth solo studio album, Love in the Future. The single - a follow up to the critically acclaimed “Who Do We Think We Are,” featuring Rick Ross - was produced by Dave Tozer, Nana Kwabena, Kanye West and Da Internz and is available digitally at . The song's video, set for a mid-July release, was created from a concept by Yoann Lemoine (Drake/Rihanna, "Take Care;" Lana Del Rey, "Born To Die;" Woodkid, "Iron”) and was directed by acclaimed fashion photographer Daniel Sannwald. Legend will perform “Made to Love,” on Good Morning America as a part of their Summer Concert Series on Friday, June 21st. Love In the Future will be released by G.O.O.D. Music/Columbia on September 3rd. The highly anticipated album was produced by Legend and longtime collaborators Kanye West and Dave Tozer. About John Legend: Ohio-born John Legend is a critically acclaimed, multi-award winning, platinum-selling singer-songwriter. He’s sold an impressive seven million albums worldwide. His work has garnered him nine Grammy Awards, three Soul Train Awards, the BET Award for Best New Artist and the special Starlight Award from the Songwriters Hall of Fame. A graduate of University of Pennsylvania where he studied English and African-American literature, Legend participated in a wide range of musical activities while in college. During the same period, Legend was introduced to Lauryn Hill, who hired him to play piano on her track "Everything Is Everything," and shortly thereafter he began to play shows around the Philadelphia area, eventually expanding his audience base to New York, Boston, Atlanta and Washington D.C. After college, Legend was introduced to then up-and-coming hip-hop artist Kanye West, who quickly signed Legend to his G.O.O.D. Music imprint and hired him to sing vocal hooks on some of his music. Legend started gaining momentum through a series of similar collaborations with established artists, adding vocals to an impressive list of chart-topping hits including West's "All of the Lights," Jay-Z's "Encore" and back-up vocals on Alicia Keys' 2003 song, "You Don't Know My Name." Legend’s debut album, Get Lifted, was released in December of 2004 through Columbia Records. The critically acclaimed album spawned the artist's first hit single, “Ordinary People,” and scored Legend multiple Grammy Awards in 2006, including Best R&B Album, Best New Artist and Best Male R&B Vocal Performance. The follow up was 2006’s platinum-selling Once Again, which brought Legend another Grammy, Best Male R&B Performance, for his single “Heaven,” and included collaborations with Kanye West, will.i.am and Raphael Saadiq. Legend’s next release was 2008’s Evolver, led by the hit single "Green Light" featuring Andre 3000. Legend's most recent effort was his 2010 collaboration with the Roots, Wake Up, which won the Grammy for Best R&B Album a year later. Throughout his career, John has worked to make a difference in the lives of others. In 2007, he launched the Show Me Campaign (ShowMeCampaign.org), an initiative that focuses on education as a key to break the cycle of poverty. The 2010 BET Humanitarian of the Year award, the 2009 CARE Humanitarian Award for Global Change, the 2009 Bishop John T. Walker Distinguished Humanitarian Service Award from Africare and the 2011 Harvard Foundation Artist of the Year Award recognize Legend's efforts and leadership in this arena. John sits on the boards of The Education Equality Project, Teach for America, Stand for Children and the Harlem Village Academies and co-chairs the Harlem Village Academies’ National Leadership Board.
JOHN MAYER’S LATEST SINGLE “PAPER DOLL” AVAILABLE NOW FIRST SINGLE FROM FORTHCOMING NEW ALBUM PARADISE VALLEY (New York City, June 18, 2013) Grammy Award-winning singer, songwriter and musician John Mayer released “Paper Doll” today, the first single from his forthcoming Paradise Valley. Mayer first shared news of a new album through his tumblr blog on May 2. John is currently in the studio finishing the album, which he and longtime collaborator Don Was are producing. Was has worked on albums for acts such as the Rolling Stones, B.B. King and Bonnie Raitt. Columbia Records previously announced that Mayer will kick off his first tour in three years on July 6, in Milwaukee. The 40-stop U.S tour continues through early October, before heading to Europe for eight sold-out arena shows in four countries. Mayer hits South America for the first time—Buenos Aires, Sao Paulo and the Rock in Rio festival in Rio de Janeiro—in mid-September and all three shows are sold out. He will also be performing at Philadelphia’s annual Fourth of July Jam. Mayer will use the U.S. tour to both raise funds for and heighten awareness of the effects of post traumatic stress on our military veterans. One dollar from each tour ticket sold in the United States will go to the Northern California Institute for Research and Education. Mayer partnered with NCIRE two years ago to create programs that help veterans return to healthy and productive civilian lives. Mayer’s previous albums—Room for Squares, Heavier Things, Continuum, live album Where the Light Is, Battle Studies and Born and Raised—have sold 20 million copies worldwide combined. He has been honored with seven Grammy Awards and an additional 11 nominations. He has also been included in Time Magazine’s annual Time 100 list of the most influential contemporary thinkers, leaders, artists and entertainers, and twice been featured on the cover of Rolling Stone Magazine’s annual "Guitar" issue. Last year, he was honored in Washington, D.C. by the Recording Academy for his philanthropic work on behalf of both U.S. military veterans and young people interested in music. “Paper Doll” on iTunes: “Paper Doll” on Amazon:
BRITNEY SPEARS’ NEW SINGLE “OOH LA LA” RELEASED TODAY, BUNDLED WITH THE DEBUT SINGLE “VACATION” FROM BRAND NEW ARTIST G.R.L. THE SMURFS™ 2 (MUSIC FROM AND INSPIRED BY) TO BE RELEASED JULY 23RD FOR COLUMBIA PICTURES/SONY PICTURES ANIMATION’S FAMILY COMEDY “THE SMURFS™ 2” DUE OUT IN THEATERS JULY 31ST (Toronto, ON) – Earlier today, pop icon Britney Spears premiered her new single “Ooh La La” on “On Air With Ryan Seacrest.” The single is available today as a bundle with the debut single from brand new artist G.R.L. entitled “Vacation” via Kemosabe Kids/RCA Records. Both tracks will be featured on the soundtrack for Columbia Pictures/Sony Pictures Animation’s highly-anticipated family comedy The Smurfs™ 2 entitled, The Smurfs™ 2 (Music From and Inspired by), which will be released on July 23rd. For a limited time, “Ooh La La” and “Vacation” are available as a bundle offer at iTunes.ca. The soundtrack, The Smurfs™ 2 (Music From and Inspired by), will be available for pre order at itunes.ca today. “Ooh La La,” which will play over the end credits of the film, was written by Lukasz Gottwald (Dr. Luke), Joshua Coleman (Ammo), Henry Walter (Cirkut), Bonnie McKee, Jacob Kasher Hindlin (J Kash), Lola Blanc and Fransisca Hall, and produced by Dr. Luke, Ammo and Cirkut for Prescription Songs. G.R.L. is an extraordinarily talented and fresh five-some comprised of Simone Battle, Lauren Bennett, Emmalyn Estrada, Natasha Slayton, and Paula Van Oppen. Each member of the group possesses massive charisma and musical ability which shine through on “Vacation,” an irresistible summer anthem about going out with your girls and forgetting about the boys, co-written by hitmakers Dr. Luke and Max Martin as well as Bonnie McKee and Henry Walter and produced by Dr. Luke, Max Martin and Cirkut, with whom G.R.L. are recording their debut album for Dr. Luke’s record label Kemosabe. In The Smurfs™ 2, the sequel to Columbia Pictures/Sony Pictures Animation’s hybrid live action/animated family blockbuster comedy The Smurfs, the evil wizard Gargamel creates a couple of mischievous Smurf-like creatures called the Naughties that he hopes will let him harness the all-powerful, magical Smurf-essence. But when he discovers that only a real Smurf can give him what he wants, and only a secret spell that Smurfette knows can turn the Naughties into real Smurfs, Gargamel kidnaps Smurfette and brings her to Paris, where he has been winning the adoration of millions as the world¹s greatest sorcerer. It’s up to Papa, Clumsy, Grouchy, and Vanity to return to our time, reunite with their human friends Patrick and Grace Winslow, and rescue her! Will Smurfette, who has always felt different from the other Smurfs, find a new connection with the Naughties Vexy and Hackus – or will the Smurfs convince her that their love for her is True Blue? The film is directed by Raja Gosnell and produced by Jordan Kerner. The screenplay is by J. David Stem & David N. Weiss and Jay Scherick & David Ronn and Karey Kirkpatrick with a story by J. David Stem & David N. Weiss & Jay Scherick & David Ronn, Based on the Characters and Works of Peyo. The Smurfs 2, the sequel to the hit hybrid live action/animated film that took in over $560 million at the worldwide box office in 2011, is set to hit theaters on July 31, 2013. The Smurfs™ 2 Music From and Inspired by Track Listing 1. Britney Spears – “Ooh La La” 2. G.R.L. – “Vacation” 3. Becky G featuring Austin Mahone – “Magik 2.0” 4. Owl City – “Live It Up” 5. Sophia Black – “Everything Breaks” 6. Cady Groves – “Forget You” 7. Kiana Brown – “Hey Chica” 8. Nelly Furtado featuring Ace Primo – “High Life” 9. Buckwheat Zydeco – “Tutti Frutti” 10. Right Said Fred – “I’m Too Smurfy” About Britney Spears Multi-platinum, Grammy Award-winning pop icon Britney Spears is one of the most successful and celebrated entertainers in pop history. Her musical career boasts nearly 100 million albums sold worldwide and countless awards and accolades, including the 2011 MTV Video Vanguard Award and Billboard’s Best-Selling Female Artist of the Decade (1998-2008). Spears first captivated audiences with her first single “…Baby One More Time,” an international hit that is currently 14x Platinum in the U.S. So far, Spears has earned a total of five No.1 debut albums and 24 Top 40 songs in her career. Spears was last seen as a judge on FOX’s “The X-Factor” in the US and is currently featured on will.i.am 's hit song "Scream & Shout." Britney is currently working on her 8th studio album. About RCA Records RCA Records is a division of Sony Music Entertainment. RCA includes a diverse roster of internationally renowned artists representing all genres of music including Justin Timberlake, P!nk, Alicia Keys, Britney Spears, Foo Fighters, Kelly Clarkson, Usher, Kings Of Leon, Chris Brown, Christina Aguilera, Dave Matthews Band, Miley Cyrus, Pitbull, Ke$ha, R. Kelly, Jamie Foxx, Jennifer Hudson, D'Angelo, Fantasia, Monica, Buddy Guy, Brandy, The Strokes, Daughtry, Three Days Grace, Dido, Tool, Santana, Kirk Franklin, Fred Hammond, and Whitney Houston, among others; critically acclaimed and chart topping artists including Miguel, Ray LaMontagne, Anthony Hamilton, Jimmy Eat World, Marsha Ambrosius, Adam Lambert, Mike Posner, Gavin DeGraw, Hot Chelle Rae, Cage The Elephant and Jordin Sparks; burgeoning artists A$AP Rocky, Mikky Ekko, Walk The Moon, Elle Varner, Tom Odell, Becky G., Sammy Adams, 2AM Club, Elle King, K. Flay, Jacob Latimore and many more. About the Smurfs The story of the Smurfs - a property created by Peyo - started in 1958 with the creation of comic books which were later brought to both the big and small screen. Over the years, the little blue characters haven't just limited themselves to the page and the screen. They have inspired records and CDs that have sold millions of copies, entire collections of figurines and toys, and many more products. In all, more than 3,000 derived products have been produced and leading brands and companies have spread their messages worldwide with the help of the Smurfs. A multitude of new projects appear regularly, thus making the success of the Smurfs planetary! About Sony Pictures Entertainment Sony Pictures Entertainment (SPE) is a subsidiary of Sony Entertainment Inc., a subsidiary of Tokyo-based Sony Corporation. SPE's global operations encompass motion picture production, acquisition and distribution; television production, acquisition and distribution; television networks; digital content creation and distribution; operation of studio facilities; and development of new entertainment products, services and technologies. For additional information, go to . About Sony Pictures Animation Sony Pictures Animation produces a variety of animated entertainment for audiences around the world. The studio is following its worldwide comedy hits – the 2012 monster hit comedy Hotel Transylvania, the 2011 hybrid live action/animated blockbuster The Smurfs, and the 2009 mouth-watering Cloudy with a Chance of Meatballs – with The Smurfs 2 in July 2013, and Cloudy With A Chance of Meatballs 2 in September 2013. Sony Pictures Animation, in conjunction with Aardman Animations, has produced two critically acclaimed feature films: the CG-animated family comedy Arthur Christmas; and the Academy Award® nominated stop-frame animated high-seas adventure, The Pirates! Band of Misfits. In 2007, Surf's Up also received an Academy Award® nomination for Best Animated Feature Film. The division, whose first feature film Open Season led to a very successful movie franchise, turned 10 in 2012. Sony Pictures Animation is an operating unit of Sony Pictures Digital Productions. * Website: * Facebook: https://www.facebook.com/SONYPicturesAnimation * Twitter: * Tumblr: * YouTube: About Lafig Belgium S.A. Lafig Belgium is the owner of the rights to produce audio-visual works based on the Smurf universe and of the Smurf worldwide licensing rights (together with IMPS). Lafig Belgium is controlled by the heirs of Pierre Culliford, better known under his pseudonym Peyo, the author/creator of the Smurfs. For 50 years, the Culliford family has controlled the Smurf characters and all licenses worldwide. Britney Spears Official Website: www.britney.com G.R.L. Official Website: www.GRLNation.com The Smurfs™ 2 Official Motion Picture Website RCA Records Press Site: www.rcarecordspress.com
MADONNA AND DAUGHTER, LOLA, ANNOUNCE RITA ORA AS THE NEW FACE OF MATERIAL GIRL (New York, NY) June 12, 2013-- Madonna and her daughter, Lola confirmed today that Rita Ora has been cast as the new global face of their junior lifestyle brand, Material Girl. Ora, an internationally renowned singer and protégé of Jay-Z, will star in the brand’s global marketing campaign. The Fall 2013 advertising campaign will be unveiled in July. Madonna and Lola, commented, “Rita is a talented beauty but what really drew us to her is the confidence she oozes through her music and her unique sense of style. On stage or off, in photos or on the street - she's a magnet! This is what the Material Girl brand is all about!” Contrary to previous reports, Madonna and Rita met for the first time on Saturday, June 1st at the “Sound For Change” concert at London’s Twickenham Stadium. The Material Girl brand is available exclusively at Macy’s in the United States, The Bay in Canada, in Europe and Australia.
LAURA MVULA RETURNS TO NORTH AMERICA FOR HEADLINING TOUR DATES ‘SING TO THE MOON’ OUT NOW (Toronto, ON - June 12, 2013) – Immensely talented UK singer-songwriter Laura Mvula will return to North America for a string of headlining dates in September. After selling out New York’s Bowery Ballroom in May, she will kick off the run with a pair of dates in NYC at Le Poisson Rouge and Brooklyn’s Music Hall of Williamsburg, before heading off to Toronto, Philadelphia, Chicago, San Francisco, and ending at LA’s El Rey Theatre. Tickets for all dates will go on sale this Friday, June 14. Mvula’s performances both live and on her debut Sing To The Moon have met with amazing critical praise both in the US and at home in the UK. The New York Times said of her Bowery Ballroom performance “more akin to the recent wave of female singer-songwriters – Tune-Yards, Julianna Barwick, even Joanna Newsom—who shape whole, complex, tightly orchestrated musical worlds around their words… her songs here were full of tactile multipart harmonies and arrangements that allowed each instrument to breathe,” while Vogue called their Artist of the Week’s performance “a wall of sound that ensconces the audience in Mvula’s unique brand of soul/rock/gospel.” Sing To The Moon has been widely praised, from the Wall Street Journal’s assessment as “quietly yet forcefully brilliant… smart, sophisticated contemporary pop infused with a sense of bliss,” to People’s 4-star review that promises “with her enchanting, lushly arranged potion of neo-soul, orchestral pop and torchy jazz—plus a lovely lilt perhaps owing to her Caribbean roots—she’s the most likely to keep you spellbound,” to Pitchfork’s description of “a triumph of arrangement and melody… combine[s] earworm hooks with beautiful, uniquely shaped verses… Mvula's debut is filled with visceral and musical beauty.” Essence Magazine also selected Laura as One To Watch in 2013, and said that “[Mvula boasts] a velvet voice coupled with richly textured harmonies and lush orchestral arrangements,” and Entertainment Weekly included Mvula on their Must List, describing her as “[The Brits’] next great homegrown soulstress.” NPR has also been a huge early supporter, with All Things Considered raving that “it sounds like practically nothing else out there. It's not exactly pop or soul or jazz; it's all those things, yet it transcends those things… a debut that's ambitiously distinct and confident.” At home in the UK, the Daily Mail, the Daily Mirror, the Evening Standard, the Guardian, the Telegraph, and Metro all gave Sing To The Moon 4 stars and the Independent on Sunday gave the album 5 stars, and the Sunday Times selected it as their Album of the Week. She was also nominated for the 2013 BRITs Critics’ Choice Award and ranked fourth on the shortlist for the coveted BBC Sound of 2013. Mvula made her UK TV debut on The Graham Norton Show, where she performed the lively track “Green Garden,” and has also performed on Later… With Jools Holland and Alan Carr: Chatty Man. She recently completed a tour with Jessie Ware and will perform this summer on Glastonbury’s main Pyramid Stage. “Laura Mvula makes a stunning entrance on her debut album… The songs on Sing to the Moon chart boldly idiosyncratic paths.” –LA Times “Laura Mvula swings soul in a fresh direction.” –NY Daily News “There’s not a moment here that doesn’t captivate.” –San Francisco Chronicle “Laura Mvula is a commanding presence… Mvula grafts a potent, naturally dramatic sense of soul – the centerpiece to a perfect debut effort.” –Philadelphia Enquirer “She” video: “Green Garden” video: “That’s Alright” video: Sing To The Moon on iTunes: Sing To The Moon on Amazon: Laura Mvula North American Headlining Tour 9/4 Brooklyn, NY Music Hall of Williamsburg 9/5 New York, NY Le Poisson Rouge 9/7 Toronto, ON Mod Club 9/9 Philadelphia, PA World Cafe Live 9/13 Chicago, IL Martyrs 9/15 San Francisco, CA Yoshi’s Lounge 9/17 Los Angeles, CA El Rey
SELF-TITLED RECORD FROM THE CIVIL WARS TO BE RELEASED AUGUST 6 ON SENSIBILITY MUSIC/COLUMBIA RECORDS FIRST SINGLE “THE ONE THAT GOT AWAY” PREMIERES ALBUM PRE-ORDER NOW AVAILABLE The Civil Wars’ highly anticipated sophomore self-titled album will be released August 6 on Sensibility Music/Columbia Records. This is the follow up to the three-time Grammy Award-winning duo’s acclaimed debut, Barton Hollow, which is now certified RIAA Gold in the U.S. In advance of the release, the album’s first single, “The One That Got Away,” is now available to stream ( ) and purchase ( ). The album is also now available to pre-order. The Civil Wars was recorded in Nashville between August 2012 and January 2013. Charlie Peacock was once again at the helm as producer for the album. Additionally, Rick Rubin produced the duo’s performance for the track “I Had Me a Girl” in August of 2011. Peacock later completed the track by producing the instrumentation and mix. The album was recorded amidst a grueling touring schedule, exhausting workload and a growing disconnect from their families. Personal statements from band-members Joy Williams and John Paul White can be viewed at www.thecivilwars.com . The Civil Wars Track Listing: 1. The One That Got Away 2. I Had Me a Girl 3. Same Old Same Old 4. Dust to Dust 5. Eavesdrop 6. Devil’s Backbone 7. From This Valley 8. Tell Mama 9. Oh Henry 10. Disarm 11. Sacred Heart 12. D’Arline
MIKE POSNER RELEASES NEW SINGLE “THE WAY IT USED TO BE” TODAY NEW ALBUM “PAGES” COMING SOON (Toronto, ON) – Singer, songwriter and producer Mike Posner has released his new single “The Way It Used To Be” today. His sophomore album Pages (RCA Records) will be released later this year. The first single The Way It Used To Be was co-written by Mike Posner, Martin Johnson, Ammo and produced by Martin Johnson and Ammo. The single will impact radio in July and will be available at all digital providers tomorrow, June 11th. Listen to The Way It Used To Be here: . Watch the lyric video here: . Additionally, Mike Posner will be a special guest on Ke$ha’s Warrior Tour in August. Says Posner, "First of all, I'm so grateful for all the blessings and wonderful people in my life who have supported my creative process. I'm beyond excited to share "The Way It Used To Be" with the world. I love releasing music in the summer when the weather is beautiful and people are happy." Since the release of Posner’s major label debut 31 Minutes To Takeoff in August of 2010, he has been in the studio working on his own music as well as producing and writing with artists such as Justin Bieber (Boyfriend), Labrinth (Beneath Your Beautiful), as well as Big Sean, Wiz Khalifa, Snoop Dogg, 2 Chainz, and Sammy Adams. He has also traveled all over the world promoting his album and his three smash singles, the multi-platinum breakout hit “Cooler Than Me” (recorded in his dorm room), his top 10 follow up “Please Don’t Go” and “Bow Chicka Wow Wow” which featured Lil’ Wayne. Posner has performed on The Ellen DeGeneres Show, The Late Night with Jimmy Fallon, and many more. In March of 2009, Posner’s first mixtape A Matter of Time (recorded in his dorm room) rose to the #1 position on iTunesU, promptly garnering him the attention of major labels. After signing a deal with RCA Records that summer, Posner returned to Duke University to finish up his course load, all the while beginning work on his debut album, self-releasing his second free mixtape One Foot Out The Door through iTunesU and rocking shows every weekend at colleges and festivals across the country. Just a year after A Matter of Time reached #1 on iTunesU, his debut album 31 Minutes to Takeoff reached #1 on iTunes proper in the U.S. 25 year old Mike Posner hails from Detroit, MI and currently resides in Los Angeles, CA. Special Guest Mike Posner on Ke$ha’s Warrior Tour Dates: 08/09 Ke$ha with Mike Posner – Cleveland, OH – Jacobs Pavilion 08/12 Ke$ha with Mike Posner – Vienna, VA – Wolftrap 08/14 Ke$ha with Mike Posner – Raleigh, NC – Red Hat Amphitheater 08/15 Ke$ha with Mike Posner – Charlotte, NC – Uptown Amphitheater 08/18 Ke$ha with Mike Posner – Lincoln, NE – Pershing Center 08/19 Ke$ha with Mike Posner – Minneapolis, MN – Myth 08/21 Ke$ha with Mike Posner – Milwaukee, WI – Eagles Club 08/23 Ke$ha with Mike Posner – Uncasville, CT – Mohegan Sun 08/25 Ke$ha with Mike Posner – Canandaigua, NY – Marvin Sands Performing Arts Center 08/27 Ke$ha with Mike Posner – Columbus, OH – Lifestyle Communities Pavilion 08/30 Ke$ha with Mike Posner – Bangor, ME – Darling’s Waterfront Pavilion 08/31 Ke$ha with Mike Posner – Gilford, NH -- Meadowbrook US Cellular Pavilion
EMBLEM3 SET TO PERFORM ON GOOD MORNING AMERICA’S SUMMER CONCERT SERIES AND PRESENT AT THE 2013 TEEN CHOICE AWARDS BAND ANNOUNCES HEADLINE DATES AND WILL SUPPORT SELENA GOMEZ ON UPCOMING STARS DANCE TOUR DEBUT ALBUM NOTHING TO LOSE TO BE RELEASED THIS SUMMER (Toronto, ON – June 6, 2013) – X Factor breakout band Emblem3 is confirmed for a number of high profile TV appearances in the coming months. The band is set to perform hit single “Chloe (You’re The One I Want)” on ABC’s annual Good Morning America Summer Concert Series on Friday, June 7, joining a prestigious lineup that includes Mariah Carey, Jennifer Lopez, Alicia Keys, Demi Lovato, John Legend, Pitbull and Selena Gomez, who will all perform on the famed Central Park Stage this summer. Additionally, the band is confirmed to present at the 2013 Teen Choice Awards. The star-studded, two-hour event will air live Sunday, August 11 at 8:00PM ET / PT on FOX. Additional information can be found at and www.teenchoiceawards.com . Emblem3 will spend the summer on tour, having just announced a string of headline shows in early July (additional dates to be announced shortly). The band is also confirmed for a number of radio shows and fair dates before joining Selena Gomez on her Stars Dance tour across the US and Canada, which will begin on August 14 in Vancouver and run through the end of November . These dates follow April’s “Goin’ Back 2 Cali” tour, a cross-country roadtrip throughout the U.S. routing through 9 cities determined by a series of fan challenges. That tour followed a string of shows throughout February and March that sold out in under a minute, and saw Emblem3 adding multiple tour dates to their itinerary due to overwhelming demand from fans. For additional information and tour dates please visit . Emblem3’s debut album, Nothing To Lose, is set to be released this summer. The album, executive produced by award-winning songwriter and producer Savan Kotecha (Maroon 5, Usher, One Direction), will be available in deluxe and standard editions (see attached tracklistings) and includes hit single “Chloe (You’re The One I Want).” The track’s companion video debuted last week and can be viewed at . Emblem3 co-wrote much of the album, which features songwriting by Jack Antonoff of fun., Benji and Joel Madden of Good Charlotte and Max Martin (Taylor Swift, Maroon 5, Katy Perry). The album will be the first release on “Mr Kanani,” Savan Kotecha’s imprint on Syco Music through Columbia Records, and is available for pre-order at . Emblem3 are: brothers Wesley and Keaton Stromberg and lifelong friend Drew Chadwick. Nothing To Lose Tracklisting: 1) Just For One Day 2) Spaghetti 3) XO 4) Chloe (You’re The One I Want) 5) Girl next door 6) Nothing to Lose 7) Love LA Sunset Blvd 9) 3000 Miles 10) Teenage Kings 11) One Day 12) Do It All Again* 13) I Wish* 14) Jaiden (Live)* 15) Reason (Live)* *Deluxe version only Connect with Emblem3: www.emblem3.com/ www.twitter.com/emblemthree www.facebook.com/emblemthree www.instagram.com/emblemthree
LITTLE MIX MAKE HISTORY WITH THE TOP UK GIRL GROUP DEBUT EVER X FACTOR UK WINNER’S DEBUT ALBUM DNA DEBUTS TOP 5 ON THE BILLBOARD 200 ALBUM CHART AND THE CANADA NIELSEN SOUNDSCAN TOP ALBUM CHART (Toronto, ON– June 5, 2013) – Little Mix soar into the top 5 of the US Billboard 200 album chart, and the Canada Nielsen Soundscan Top Album Chart, with their debut album DNA selling 50,000 copies in the US and nearly 5,000 in Canada, entering the chart at No. 4 in both countries. The band makes chart history as the first ever British girl group to debut in the top 5 with their debut album release, surpassing the Spice Girls’ US record with their debut album SPICE entering the charts at No. 6 in 1997 and Canadian charts at 54. Globally, DNA has entered the top 5 in 7 countries and Little Mix has sold over 2 million records worldwide. The album features the hot summer single “Wings,” which reached a cumulative total of 120 million in radio audience. Views of the music video for “Wings” have surpassed 51 million on VEVO . “Wings” has become a pop culture hit and was featured in the season finale of FOX’s hit show GLEE, as well as covered by the final 4 contestants on this season’s American Idol. The top 5 debut is truly a testament to the power of the bands’ social reach and the rabid fanbase of thousands who showed up to the Mixer Magnet in-store signing across the US. Around the world, Little Mix fans have used online platforms such as Twitter, Tumblr and Facebook to create a global phenomenon and inspire a generation of Mixer-mania. Little Mix will make their US television debut on ABC’s Good Morning America annual Summer Concert Series on New York City’s prestigious Central Park Stage this Friday June 7th. The group will perform their hit single “Wings” and join a stellar line up of superstars who are set to take the stage this summer including Mariah Carey, Jennifer Lopez, Alicia Keys, Demi Lovato, John Legend, Pitbull and Selena Gomez. For free tickets and more information visit: . On June 10th, they will perform on ABC’s Live with Kelly & Michael and head to Piscataway, NJ later that day for an in-store signing with Seventeen Magazine, where they appear on the 2013 June/July cover (see below for full list of signings). Little Mix are Jesy Nelson, Perrie Edwards, Leigh-Anne Pinncok and Jade Thirlwall. All four girls auditioned for THE X FACTOR UK in 2011 as solo artists. However, at the suggestion of judge and mentor Tulisa Contostavlos they joined forces to become Little Mix, X FACTOR’s first ever victorious group. Having captured the hearts and minds of the UK with their winning chemistry, musical sensibility and breath-taking vocal prowess, the girls nabbed two consecutive No. 1 single’s with their debut UK single “Cannonball” and “Wings,” and are now preparing to conquer America with their old school pop and R&B sound. In the past year, Little Mix have amassed a dedicated and loyal fan base with over 132 million cumulative VEVO views, 1.6 million Facebook fans and over 3.2 million twitter followers. Check out the first episode of DNA in America here: Little Mix in the USA: DNA Diaries - Episode 1 DNA is available now iTunes: “Wings” available digitally now iTunes: MEET LITTLE MIX June 8th, 2013- San Francisco, CA June 9th, 2013- Los Angeles, CA June 10th, 2013- Piscataway, NJ Full details here: https://www.facebook.com/LittleMixOfficial/events For more info visit
MILEY CYRUS FIRST SINGLE "WE CAN'T STOP" OUT NOW NEW ALBUM COMING FALL 2013 (Toronto -ON) - Global superstar Miley Cyrus has released "We Can't Stop", the first single off her forthcoming RCA Records debut album. Listen to "We Can't Stop" here: . Co-written by Miley, along with Mike Will and Rock City and produced by Mike Will, "We Can't Stop" impacts radio today and is available at all digital retail providers. Miley has been in the studio working on her still untitled RCA Records debut which is due out later this year. Collaborating with renowned producers and songwriters such as Mike Will, Pharrell, Future, Dr. Luke and will.i.am , this album marks a creative evolution for Miley. Miley Cyrus is a world renowned entertainer with record breaking success in film, television and music. She is a multiplatinum recording artist and has sold over 12 million albums and 20 million tracks in the US alone. www.mileycyrus.com Twitter:@mileycyrus www.facebook.com/mileycyrus Stream on VEVO: Stream on Soundcloud: Download on iTunes: Download on AmazonMP3:
DAFT PUNK'S RANDOM ACCESS MEMORIES DEBUTS AT #1 ON ALBUM CHARTS ACROSS THE WORLD RANDOM ACCESS MEMORIES SELLS AN IMPRESSIVE 339,000 COPIES IN THE US AND 46,000 COPIES IN CANADA RANDOM ACCESS MEMORIES SELLS OVER A MILLION COPIES WORLDWIDE IN DEBUT WEEK (Wednesday, May 29, 2013) – Internationally, the album hit the #1 spot on digital charts in 97 countries, dominated UK charts to become the fastest selling album of 2013 and had the biggest first week album sales in France since 2007, where the album is already triple platinum. In Canada, Random Access Memories is the highest debut so far in 2013, with the #1 digital album and the #1 album in every province. Daft Punk also earned their first official #1 album in multiple countries including the US, Germany, Australia and Japan. The album is also officially #1 in France, Switzerland, Spain, Austria, Mexico, Italy, Belgium, Spain and others. In the US, Random Access Memories sold 339,000 copies, with the vinyl version becoming the biggest selling vinyl album in SoundScan’s LP Vinyl chart history. Random Access Memories is the first album in Billboard’s Electronic/Dance Song chart history to have every song debut simultaneously. Incredible public demand for the album not only led to unprecedented album sales and radio charting, but also to a steady stream of critical acclaim from media worldwide including features in The Wall Street Journal, The Globe and Mail, Billboard, The New York Times, NME, Rolling Stone, Time, The New Yorker and many more. “Get Lucky,” the first single from Random Access Memories immediately shot to the top of charts all over the world- selling 2.5 million digital tracks worldwide to date. It is the biggest selling single of 2013 in the UK, and the song is # 1 on national airplay charts across the globe. In the US, “Get Lucky” has garnered airplay across seven different formats of radio. The new 13 track album from the French duo, their first since 2005’s Human After All, features collaborations with Pharrell Williams, Julian Casablancas, Panda Bear, Nile Rodgers, Giorgio Moroder, Paul Williams, Todd Edwards, Chilly Gonzales, and DJ Falcon, amongst others. SELECT PRESS QUOTES: "EDM is MIA as dance gods turn back the clock with a spacy, star-packed blow out... Random Access Memories is full of WTF moments... orbiting somewhere between Pink Floyd's ‘Dark Side of the Moon’ and Earth, Wind and Fire's ‘That's The Way Of The World’... Its brilliance is often irrefutable" - ROLLING STONE “A headphones album in an age of radio singles; a bravura live performance that stands out against pro forma knob-twiddling ... It's also quite moving; melancholy runs through every song.” – ENTERTAINMENT WEEKLY "By the time you make it to the album’s astonishing final stretch, it’s hard not to think that Daft Punk have succeeded at what they set out to do." - PITCHFORK RANDOM ACCESS MEMORIES – AVAILABLE NOW iTUNES -
Emilio Fina’s Debut Album O Sole Mio In Stores June 18, 2013 Produced by Gemini Award winning Glenn Morley with help from internationally acclaimed vocal coach Elaine Overholt (Toronto, Ontario- May 24, 2013) Sony Music Entertainment Canada Inc. is proud to announce the release of Emilio Fina’s debut album O Sole Mio on June 18, 2013. Emilio appeared on Canada’s Got Talent and quickly won the hearts of viewers across the country with his mesmerizing voice and touching story. Produced by Gemini Award winning composer, producer and musical director Glenn Morley (Amy Sky, Gino Vannelli) with help from internationally acclaimed vocal coach Elaine Overholt (Chicago, Hairspray), O Sole Mio features a colourful array of tracks that reflect Emilio’s vocal diversity and range. “Emilio Fina deserves to be heard by the world. His deep passion and soulfulness in each song is paired with a very fine, natural voice and his commitment, and stamina, in the recording studio was incredible!” said Elaine Overholt. The title and lead track off the album, “O Solo Mio,” features Airbourne 11, a group of Emilio’s Air Canada colleagues from Toronto Pearson, with whom he previously performed with on the reality show Canada Sings. “O Sole Mio,” along with the Neapolitan classics “Torna A Surriento,” “Santa Lucia,” and “Mattinata,” pay homage to Emilio’s Italian roots and provide a fresh take on the country’s rich musical heritage. The group, Airboune 11, also appear on “Blue Spanish Eyes.” Growing up in Brampton, Ontario, Emilio first learned to sing in the choir at church. It was there where he fell in love with the beautiful melodies and emotive lyrics in spiritual hymns. For his debut album, Emilio selected two of his favourites, “Ave Maria” and “Panis Angelicus,” inviting Evan Chang, a boy soprano from his church in Kitchener, to join him on the latter. As founding director of two opera companies, Brampton Lyric Opera and Opera Kitchener, Emilio directed, produced, and promoted numerous stage productions. Emilio believes West Side Story and Les Misérables represent the best that Broadway has to offer and is excited to showcase three iconic songs from those two musicals on O Sole Mio. Performing the role of Maria in his recording of West Side Story’s “Somewhere” is opera star Teiya Kasahara, whom Emilio previously featured at his opera company, Opera Kitchener. A classically trained tenor, O Sole Mio also features Emilio’s powerful voice in the opera classics “Au fond du temple saint” with Mark Gardner, “Una furtiva lagrima,” “E lucevan le stele,” “O soave faniulla” with Teiya Kasahara, and “Nessun dorma.” “In a crowded field of Tenors, Emilio stands out for his deep intuitive understanding of these classic songs that is fresh, authentic, and exciting.” -Glenn Morley O Sole Mio Track List O Sole Mio (feat. Airborne 11) Torna A Surriento Santa Lucia Mattinata Ave Maria Panis Angelicus with Evan Chang Blue Spanish Eyes (feat. Neil Kristian & Airborne 11) Maria (from West Side Story) Somewhere with Teiya Kasahara (from West Side Story) Bring Him Home (from Les Misérables) Au fond du temple saint with Mark Gardner (from The Pearl Fishers by Bizet) Una furtiva lagrima (from L’Elisir D’Amore by Donizetti) E lucevan le stelle (from Tosca by Puccini) O soave fanciulla with Teiya Kasahara (from La Bohème by Puccini) Nessun dorma (from Turandot by Puccini) For more information, please visit: www.facebook.com/emiliofina https://twitter.com/EmilioFina
GRAMMY NOMINATED HIP HOP ARTIST J. COLE MOVES FORTHCOMING SOPHOMORE ALBUM BORN SINNER UP ONE WEEK TO COMPETE WITH KANYE WEST ALBUM AVAILABLE ON DIGITAL RETAILERS AND IN STORES ON JUNE 18TH PRE-ORDER AVAILABLE NOW J. COLE PERFORMED SELF-PRODUCED SINGLE “POWER TRIP” FEATURING MIGUEL ON LATE NIGHT WITH JIMMY FALLON Single Sells GOLD in the U.S. with Over 500,000 Units Sold May 23, 2013 - NEW YORK, NY – GRAMMY-Nominated Roc Nation/Columbia artist J. Cole has boldly moved his hotly anticipated sophomore album Born Sinner release date up one week to June 18th in order for his release to coincide with Kanye West. In addition to the standard version of the album, which boasts 16 tracks, J. Cole will also release a deluxe version, which features 21 tracks. Both the standard version and deluxe version of Born Sinner will be readily available at all digital retailers and in stores across the nation now on June 18th, rather than the original release date of June 25th. “New legends,” says J. Cole, in reference to moving up the release date of Born Sinner. Pre-orders for Born Sinner, both standard and deluxe versions, are now available. Fans can purchase online here: www.smarturl.it/bornsinnerDLX www.smarturl.it/bornsinner J. Cole also revealed the cover artwork for both the standard and deluxe versions of Born Sinner. Stark yet stunning, the imagery, created by artists Hugo & Marie, depicts the seven deadly sins for the standard version and a devil figure for the deluxe version. J. Cole released the album artwork on the heels of the launch of BornSinner.com, a striking digital platform that features audio and visual documentary style stories of the people who have been significant and instrumental in shaping J. Cole’s life as an artist, producer and person. The first single from Born Sinner, the self-produced “Power Trip” featuring Grammy Award winner Miguel, is his fastest selling single yet, and has already sold Gold in the States with over 500,000 units sold to date. The single, which premiered in the U.S. on Clear Channel Media & Entertainment radio stations, is fast approaching #1 on the Mediabase Rhythm Chart and is Top 10 on the Mediabase Urban Chart, currently commanding over 55 million per week in multi-format radio audience. Purchase “Power Trip” featuring Miguel: EXPLICIT: smarturl.it/powertrip CLEAN: smarturl.it/powertripclean The accompanying video for “Power Trip” featuring Miguel, creative directed by J. Cole and co-directed by Nabil and Mike Piscitelli, has also proven to be a fan favourite right out of the gate, having amassed over 7 million views on VEVO. The video is currently in rotation on MTV, MTV2, MTV Hits, MTV Jams, Fuse and BET. View “Power Trip” ft. Miguel: Marking his first late night television solo performance, J. Cole performed “Power Trip” on Late Night With Jimmy Fallon this week with Fallon’s house band, The Roots. View Late Night With Jimmy Fallon performance: www.smarturl.it/ColeFallon Born Sinner is the follow up to Cole’s commercially and critically acclaimed debut album Cole World: The Sideline Story. An auspicious first full body of work, the album, released in fall 2011, debuted at #1 on the Billboard charts, having sold over 217,000 copies in its first week. Praised by national publications such as Rolling Stone, Entertainment Weekly and USA Today, Cole went on to garner a Grammy nomination for Best New Artist. For more information on J. Cole, please visit www.bornsinner.com , www.jcolemusic.com , www.Dreamvillain.net , www.RocNation.com and www.columbiarecords.com .
Kenny Chesney Joins “Katie Couric” May 13 Almost Entire Show Devoted to Life On A Rock, Spread the Love Fund New York: There are few people in the world as driven as Kenny Chesney, who released Life On A Rock and launched Blue Chair Bay Rum last week, while knee deep in his No Shoes Nation 2013 Tour that includes 19 NFL Stadiums. But in the takes-one-to-know-one department journalist/talk show host/activist/mother of two, Katie Couric sought her own level of accomplishment when she spent almost the entire show catching up with her friend and fellow make-it-happener, due to air May 13th. “Katie is so smart, and so good,” Chesney says of the woman whose talk show received multiple Emmy nominations in its first season. “When you talk to her, you can tell she doesn’t just understand, she gets it… and that makes you want to really talk to her. That kind of interviewing is rare, and I’m so glad we were able to make it happen.” The show, which also features two segments of First Responders in the Boston Marathon Bombing and a mother/daughter who were both injured, focuses on Chesney’s Spread The Love Fund, earmarked to help the injured get prosthetics and related care, the inspiration behind his deeply reflective Life On A Rock, taste-testing Blue Chair Bay Rum and discussing work ethic, achievement and the things that make life matter. “Meeting the firemen and policemen, EMTs and the doctor who was running the Marathon and broke through the police barricade to treat the injured,” the songwriter says, “was really a profound perspective giver. You look at those people, who didn’t think about their own safety, but helping others – and you realize what a hero really is!” He also performed a stripped down version of Rock’s “Spread The Love” with guitarists Kenny Greenberg and Clayton Mitchell, the song the Wailers had recorded in Jamaica they asked Chesney to write lyrics for. Chesney’s portion of the money from all downloads of “Spread The Love” will go to the Spread the Love Fund. www.bmc.org/kenny “Katie is so generous to let us come on her show,” Chesney continues. “Not just to talk about life and music, but to talk about the Spread the Love Fund. She knows she can make a difference, and that’s just the kind of person she is.” Meanwhile, Chesney’s No Shoes Nation Tour hits Dallas May 11 at Cowboys Stadium. With a full slate of dates, through August 23-24’s closing stand at Foxboro, MA’s Gillette Stadium, the man with 24 #1s is again bringing the summer alive across the nation. The Boston Globe raved about his latest, “Chesney returns to that reflective, often acoustic place for Life On A Rock, and again hits a high-water mark,” while The Chicago Tribune opined, “the country superstar turns down the volume to offer a quieter and more contemplative meditation on sand and sea” and Billboard proclaimed, “Kenny Chesney’s Life On A Rock is surely the most personal work he’s ever done, and time will likely prove it to be among his best-loved by fans.”
JUSTIN TIMBERLAKE TO KICK OFF THE 20/20 EXPERIENCE WORLD TOUR STARTING OCTOBER 31 GRAMMY® AND EMMY® AWARD-WINNING ARTIST’S FIRST HEADLINING TOUR IN SIX YEARS WILL VISIT CITIES THROUGHOUT NORTH AMERICA, EUROPE, AUSTRALIA AND SOUTH AMERICA THE JOURNEY WITH TIMBERLAKE’S THE 20/20 EXPERIENCE FEATURING 10 NEW SONGS WILL CONTINUE WITH WORLDWIDE RELEASE ON SEPTEMBER 30 (Los Angeles) – One of this generation’s most-celebrated entertainers, Justin Timberlake, announced today he will kick off The 20/20 Experience World Tour starting this year on October 31. After dominating the global charts with the release of his acclaimed new album, The 20/20 Experience, Timberlake will bring his electrifying live shows to fans with a worldwide tour that will run through 2014. The Grammy® and Emmy® Award-winning artist’s first tour in six years will visit dozens of countries throughout North America, Europe, South America and Australia. The 20/20 Experience World Tour is promoted worldwide by Live Nation Global Touring. Justin also revealed today the musical journey started on The 20/20 Experience will continue with the worldwide release of the new album on September 30, 2013. The 20/20 Experience World Tour will kick off in North America starting on October 31 in Montreal, Quebec at the Bell Centre with dates lined up for Las Vegas, Dallas, Houston, Phoenix, Atlanta and more. On-sale dates for this tour will be staggered with tickets for several shows going on sale starting on May 13 at 10 AM local time. Justin Timberlake’s all-new fan club, The Tennessee Kids (#TNKids), will have access to a pre-sale starting on May 7 at 10 AM local time. Fans should visit www.justintimberlake.com/tennesseekids to register for the fan club and receive a special code to access the pre-sale. A pre-sale for MasterCard cardholders will begin on May 8 at 10 AM local time. Cardholders will also have access to exclusive after shows in select markets as a part of the MasterCard Priceless Cities program. Fans should visit www.priceless.com/justintimberlake for more information. A full list of cities, venues and public on-sale dates is listed below. For the latest information regarding pre-sale and on-sale dates, please visit www.justintimberlake.com or www.livenation.com . Hashtag: #JT2020TOUR The 20/20 Experience, already hailed by critics as one of the year’s best albums, will continue with a second worldwide release this year on September 30. Written and produced by Justin, the epic album will feature 10 all new songs that explore the sonic boundaries fans discovered with the music found on this year’s earlier release. Justin’s first album in 7 years, The 20/20 Experience, has been certified Double Platinum in the United States and is the year’s fastest selling album. It also earned Justin the biggest first week sales for a male artist in five years along with the third biggest digital debut in SoundScan history ranking just behind Lady Gaga and Taylor Swift. After its release, the critically-hailed album immediately soared to the #1 spot in the United States, United Kingdom, Germany, Canada, Australia, New Zealand, Ireland, Switzerland and across Asia. It spent a rare three weeks at #1 in both the United States and United Kingdom and has so far produced two chart-topping singles with ‘Suit & Tie’ and ‘Mirrors.’ Internationally, the album hit the #1 spot on iTunes in 93 countries, stormed the UK charts to become the biggest debut of 2013 and earned Justin his first #1 album in Germany. It also shattered iTunes records to become the fastest-selling album worldwide in their history. The long-awaited release became one of Target’s top three best-selling albums in the past decade, topping first week sales of his last release FutureSex/LoveSounds. It also led Timberlake to become Target’s biggest selling male artist since 2002. This year, Timberlake has made a series of headline-making appearances including well-received live performances during this year’s Grammy Awards and the Brit Awards in the UK, an interview on the long-running The Jonathan Ross Show in London and a performance and interview on Germany’s popular program called Wetten Dass. He also delivered a ratings-busting hosting gig on Saturday Night Live where he helped the show reach a 14-month high in audience numbers and did a week-long guest spot on Late Night With Jimmy Fallon where ratings were driven up 33% over last year among the coveted 18-34 demographic. Justin’s performances including several comedy sketches were often the most talked about events the following day and week earning praise from media across the world. He also delivered solid ratings for The Ellen DeGeneres Show in April where, for the first time in the show’s 10 year history, someone was both their sole guest and musical performer. Timberlake was honored this year by TIME Magazine as an Icon on their influential Time 100 List. In addition to The 20/20 Experience World Tour, fans will be able to see more of Justin Timberlake live when he and JAY Z kick off their Legends Of The Summer Stadium Tour in Toronto, Ontario on July 17 that will take the musical heavyweights to 12 cities across North America. On July 10, Timberlake will perform at Phoenix Park in Dublin, Ireland. He will headline the sold-out Wireless Festival in London on July 12 and will take the festival stage with JAY Z two days later on July 14. Timberlake is also a headliner at the Rock In Rio Festival on September 15 and will guest host the Capital FM Summertime Bash in London on June 9 at Wembley Stadium.
MILEY CYRUS’ BANGERZ DEBUTS AT #1 IN CANADA BANGERZ DEBUTS AT #1 ON BOTH THE BILLBOARD TOP 200 ALBUM CHARTS AND DIGITAL ALBUM CHARTS WITH OVER 270K ALBUMS SOLD IN THE U.S. BANGERZ HITS #1 ON ITUNES IN OVER 70 COUNTRIES (Toronto, ON) - Miley Cyrus’ critically acclaimed new album Bangerz (RCA Records) debuts at #1 on the Nielsen Soundscan Sales Chart in Canada and on both the Billboard Top 200 Album chart and the Digital Album Charts with over 270k albums sold in the U.S. Additionally, during release week, Bangerz hit #1 on iTunes in over 70 countries. This marks Miley’s second #1 album and biggest sales week (outside of Hannah Montana properties) since 2008. Bangerz also debuted at #1 in Australia, Ireland and the UK where Miley currently has a double #1 with “Wrecking Ball” hitting the top slot on the UK singles charts. Bangerz debuted top 10 in at least a dozen other markets including New Zealand, Austria, Germany, Switzerland, Holland, Belgium, Argentina, Portugal, Sweden and more. Miley also sold 426,000 tracks from her album last week placing 14 songs on the Top 200 Digital Songs Chart in the U.S. Bangerz has been getting rave reviews including Entertainment Weekly calling it “…utterly fresh, a pop blitz from a hip-hop blueprint, and proof that Miley won't settle for just shocking us.” US Weekly declared it “the year's most titillating pop explosion.” And gave the album “4 stars (out of 4)” Both singles, “Wrecking Ball” and “We Can’t Stop”, off Bangerz have already sold 4.3 million copies in the US alone. “Wrecking Ball” hit #1 on the Billboard Hot 100 and stayed there for two weeks. It became Miley’s first Billboard Hot 100 #1 and her fastest-flying top 10 on Radio Songs. Miley reached the U.S. Radio Songs top 10 twice before, both times in 2009, with the No. 7-peaking “The Climb,” which took 12 weeks to enter the region, and the No. 8 hit “Party In The U.S.A.” In Canada “We Can’t Stop” hit #4 on the Mediabase CHR chart and “Wrecking Ball” is closing in on #1 on the Mediabase CHR and Hot AC charts. Miley has been on a worldwide promotional campaign to support the release of Bangerz with raved about performances, sketches and interviews on Saturday Night Live, The Today Show, Late Night With Jimmy Fallon and Ellen. NBC recently announced that Miley’s double duty as host and musical performer on SNL was the highest rated show since Justin Timberlake’s appearance in March. “Wrecking Ball” also hit #1 on Spotify where it reached the highest streams ever for any track in the US beating the next highest week by nearly 500 thousand plays. This exciting news came just two days after her music video for "Wrecking Ball" became the fastest music video ever to reach CERTIFIED status, VEVO's milestone for videos delivering 100 million views in only 6 days. Cyrus shattered the previous record which she held for “We Can’t Stop,” which was CERTIFIED by VEVO just 37 days after it premiered. Due to this success, VEVO will be honoring Miley’s "We Can't Stop," "Wrecking Ball," "Party in the U.S.A.," "Can't Be Tamed" and "7 Things" videos for passing the 100 million milestone. They will also include new exclusive interviews with Miley where she will talk about the making of these videos, her relationship with her fans and much more. Miley's CERTIFIED campaign kicks off across VEVO later this month. Miley Cyrus is a world renowned entertainer with record breaking success in film, television and music. She is a multiplatinum recording artist and has sold over 12 million albums and 20 million tracks in the US alone. www.mileycyrus.com Twitter:@mileycyrus www.facebook.com/mileycyrus
PROTEST THE HERO RELEASE LYRIC VIDEO FOR “A LIFE EMBOSSED” Due to the overwhelming response to the lyric video for the track “Clarity” from their forthcoming album Volition, Protest The Hero today release a lyric video for one of the more socially conscious songs on the album, “A Life Embossed.” Lead singer Rody Walker, who wrote the lyrics for the track says, “The boys in PTH are long time dog lovers, it has come to our attention that there's injustice afoot! Our home of Ontario Canada is the largest territory in all the world to pass legislation that discriminates against a specific breed of dog. This is a worldwide issue that the band is incredibly disturbed by. The song and video for "A Life Embossed" attempts to draw much needed attention to an issue that affects all dog lovers alike.” The link for the clip is Protest The Hero - A Life Embossed (Official Lyric Video) Volition will be released October 29th with a world tour to follow starting November 7th in Ottawa, Canada. Volition is available for pre-order on iTunes here: . Volition is also available for preorder at protestthero.merchnow.com . protestthehero.ca https://www.facebook.com/protestthehero -30-
MILEY CYRUS’ BANGERZ DEBUTS AT #1 IN CANADA BANGERZ DEBUTS AT #1 ON BOTH THE BILLBOARD TOP 200 ALBUM CHARTS AND DIGITAL ALBUM CHARTS WITH OVER 270K ALBUMS SOLD IN THE U.S. BANGERZ HITS #1 ON ITUNES IN OVER 70 COUNTRIES (Toronto, ON) - Miley Cyrus’ critically acclaimed new album Bangerz (RCA Records) debuts at #1 on the Nielsen Soundscan Sales Chart in Canada and on both the Billboard Top 200 Album chart and the Digital Album Charts with over 270k albums sold in the U.S. Additionally, during release week, Bangerz hit #1 on iTunes in over 70 countries. This marks Miley’s second #1 album and biggest sales week (outside of Hannah Montana properties) since 2008. Bangerz also debuted at #1 in Australia, Ireland and the UK where Miley currently has a double #1 with “Wrecking Ball” hitting the top slot on the UK singles charts. Bangerz debuted top 10 in at least a dozen other markets including New Zealand, Austria, Germany, Switzerland, Holland, Belgium, Argentina, Portugal, Sweden and more. Miley also sold 426,000 tracks from her album last week placing 14 songs on the Top 200 Digital Songs Chart in the U.S. Bangerz has been getting rave reviews including Entertainment Weekly calling it “…utterly fresh, a pop blitz from a hip-hop blueprint, and proof that Miley won't settle for just shocking us.” US Weekly declared it “the year's most titillating pop explosion.” And gave the album “4 stars (out of 4)” Both singles, “Wrecking Ball” and “We Can’t Stop”, off Bangerz have already sold 4.3 million copies in the US alone. “Wrecking Ball” hit #1 on the Billboard Hot 100 and stayed there for two weeks. It became Miley’s first Billboard Hot 100 #1 and her fastest-flying top 10 on Radio Songs. Miley reached the U.S. Radio Songs top 10 twice before, both times in 2009, with the No. 7-peaking “The Climb,” which took 12 weeks to enter the region, and the No. 8 hit “Party In The U.S.A.” In Canada “We Can’t Stop” hit #4 on the Mediabase CHR chart and “Wrecking Ball” is closing in on #1 on the Mediabase CHR and Hot AC charts. Miley has been on a worldwide promotional campaign to support the release of Bangerz with raved about performances, sketches and interviews on Saturday Night Live, The Today Show, Late Night With Jimmy Fallon and Ellen. NBC recently announced that Miley’s double duty as host and musical performer on SNL was the highest rated show since Justin Timberlake’s appearance in March. “Wrecking Ball” also hit #1 on Spotify where it reached the highest streams ever for any track in the US beating the next highest week by nearly 500 thousand plays. This exciting news came just two days after her music video for "Wrecking Ball" became the fastest music video ever to reach CERTIFIED status, VEVO's milestone for videos delivering 100 million views in only 6 days. Cyrus shattered the previous record which she held for “We Can’t Stop,” which was CERTIFIED by VEVO just 37 days after it premiered. Due to this success, VEVO will be honoring Miley’s "We Can't Stop," "Wrecking Ball," "Party in the U.S.A.," "Can't Be Tamed" and "7 Things" videos for passing the 100 million milestone. They will also include new exclusive interviews with Miley where she will talk about the making of these videos, her relationship with her fans and much more. Miley's CERTIFIED campaign kicks off across VEVO later this month. Miley Cyrus is a world renowned entertainer with record breaking success in film, television and music. She is a multiplatinum recording artist and has sold over 12 million albums and 20 million tracks in the US alone. www.mileycyrus.com Twitter:@mileycyrus www.facebook.com/mileycyrus
WALKING PAPERS ANNOUNCE CANADIAN TOUR DATES BAND TO TOUR WITH MONSTER TRUCK BEGINNING DECEMBER 4 IN VANCOUVER Toronto, ON-(October 16, 2013) – Seattle’s Walking Papers, the much-buzzed-about new band featuring rock luminaries Duff McKagan (Guns N’ Roses, Velvet Revolver), Barrett Martin (Screaming Trees, Mad Season), Jeff Angell and Benjamin Anderson (both of The Missionary Position) have announced a Canadian tour that kicks off December 4 at the Commodore Ballroom in Vancouver, B.C. The band will be supporting Hamilton, Ontario-based quartet Monster Truck. Walking Papers are touring in support of their critically acclaimed self-titled debut, which was recorded in Seattle and mixed by veteran producer Jack Endino (Soundgarden, Nirvana, Mudhoney). The album features a guest appearance by Pearl Jam guitarist Mike McCready, who played on “I’ll Stick Around” and lead single “The Whole World’s Watching.” The band recently released a concert performance for the latter, which can be seen at Walking Papers - "The Whole World's Watching" Live at the Moore Theater in Seattle . Over the course of the past several weeks, Walking Papers have been featured in the LA Times, Rolling Stone, Billboard, the Village Voice, USA Today and on Grammy.com, among others. In a review of the album, USA Today wrote, “Sometimes an album sounds nothing like you expect yet still blows you away. That’s the case with the self-titled debut from Seattle-based Walking Papers.” The band recently wrapped a second stage headlining run on the Uproar Tour, where they toured North America alongside Alice In Chains and Jane’s Addiction over the course of the past several weeks. Guitarist/vocalist Jeff Angell and drummer Barrett Martin formed the band last year and played their first shows in Seattle as a duo. They became a trio when bassist Duff McKagan joined and a quartet with the addition of keyboardist Benjamin Anderson. Angell and Martin also served as the album’s co-producers. Walking Papers show that a great song can be conveyed with thundering drums, rumbling bass, and a howling guitar just as easily as it can with percolating marimbas and shimmering vibraphone. The songs on this album can stand alone as individual stories, but taken together as a whole, they convey a much larger narrative with tales of wandering souls, the collisions of will, and the dark beauty of the American heart.
MAGIC! SIGNS WITH SONY MUSIC INTERNATIONAL VIA LATIUM ENTERTAINMENT NEW SINGLE “RUDE” HITS RADIO SOON; LYRIC VIDEO OUT NOW October 11th, 2013 – Toronto, ON – With a global smash single ready to hit the charts, MAGIC!, has signed with Sony Music International through Latium Entertainment. The relationship and deal was orchestrated by Edgar Berger, President/CEO of Sony Music International and Shane Carter, President, Sony Music Entertainment Canada, and does not only involve recording, but also touring and branding opportunities. Composed of Nasri (lead vocals), Mark Pelli (guitar), Alex Tanas (drums) and Ben Spivak (bass), MAGIC!, is a reggae-pop quartet from Toronto, Canada. The band itself is not new to the business, made up of members who were already well immersed in the music world. MAGIC! lead singer, Nasri, songwriter on the Grammy award winning album F.A.M.E. by Chris Brown and one-half of the Messengers, the songwriting team who have composed hit songs for artists such as Justin Bieber, Pitbull, and Chris Brown. Their new single “Rude” impacts rhythmic and pop radio shortly. The “Rude” lyric video is out now and the band has just completed tour stops with Matisyahu in the U.S. “We are thrilled MAGIC! has been signed to the Sony International family. MAGIC!’s raw energy and proven song-writing ability has mass commercial appeal and has potential to cross borders and be recognized on the worldwide stage,” says Shane Carter, President, Sony Music Entertainment Canada. “The international signing of MAGIC! is another step, as Canadian talent continues to be heard on a global scale.” “Every great band of our generation is led by a songwriter,” says Charles Chavez, CEO of Latium Entertainment. “After one listen, I envisioned the global trajectory of the music. Nasri’s ability to craft timeless pop songs plus the musicality of each member of the band, I feel is simply MAGIC!” "Its a dream come true!” says MAGIC! lead singer Nasri. “Being signed to Sony Music International gives us a shot of being a global band. We’re ready, the label believes in us – so let’s go!” ### Latium Entertainment is an international full service music entertainment, marketing and recording company with a focus on management and artist development. Founded in 1999 by Charles Chavez, the Los Angeles based company includes a diverse roster of global artists including Pitbull, Frankie J, Danny Mercer, Adam Irigoyen and MAGIC! About Sony Music Entertainment Sony Music Entertainment is a global recorded music company with a current roster that includes a broad array of both local artists and international superstars. The company boasts a vast catalog that comprises some of the most important recordings in history. It is home to premier record labels representing music from every genre, including Arista Nashville, Beach Street, Bystorm Entertainment, Columbia Nashville, Columbia Records, Day 1, Descendant Records,Epic Records, Essential Records, Essential Worship, Fo Yo Soul Recordings, Kemosabe Records, Legacy Recordings, MASTERWORKS, Polo Grounds, RCA Inspiration,RCA Nashville, RCA Records, Reunion Records, Sony Classical, Sony Music Latin, Star Time International, Syco Music, Vested in Culture and Volcano. Sony Music Entertainment is a wholly owned subsidiary of Sony Corporation of America. Social Channels: Facebook: Instagram: Youtube: Twitter: Website: Lyric video for the single “Rude” MAGIC! - Rude Soundcloud link to the single “Rude”
DAVID BOWIE 'LOVE IS LOST' (HELLO STEVE REICH MIX BY JAMES MURPHY FOR THE DFA) CANADIAN PREMIERE ON CBC RADIO Q THURSDAY OCTOBER 10th AT 10:00AM EST (Toronto, ON) - Taken from THE NEXT DAY the Barclaycard Mercury Music Prize nominated album, LOVE IS LOST has been remixed by LCD Soundsystem's James Murphy into a ten minute plus epic entitled 'HELLO STEVE REICH MIX BY JAMES MURPHY FOR THE DFA'. Artwork especially created for the mix by Jonathan Barnbook is attached. The remix will get its Canadian premiere at 10:00am EST Thursday 10th October on CBC Radio Q and will be available to stream on CBCMusic.ca at 3:00 PM EST as well as www.davidbowie.com from midnight the same day. LOVE IS LOST (HELLO STEVE REICH MIX BY JAMES MURPHY FOR THE DFA) is to be released as part of a three disc collectors set/download THE NEXT DAY EXTRA on November the 5th. THE NEXT DAY EXTRA will feature the original 14 song album, a 10 track companion album with five unheard songs/two remixes and a DVD featuring four videos from THE NEXT DAY, a 7-track digital EP bundle will also be available. THE NEXT DAY EXTRA is released on November 5th. THE NEXT DAY EXTRA (digital) THE NEXT DAY EXTRA (physical)
HAIM DEBUT TOP OF THE CHARTS IN THE US, CANADA, AND UK HAIM’S DAYS ARE GONE DEBUTS #6 IN THE US, #7 IN CANADA, AND #1 IN THE UK JIMMY KIMMEL LIVE! OUTDOOR CONCERT SET FOR NOVEMBER 5 (Columbia Records; New York, NY; October 9, 2013) – Following a massive surge of media attention, HAIM’s highly anticipated first full-length album Days Are Gone has debuted at #6 on the Billboard 200 album chart and #7 on the Nielsen SoundScan Top Albums chart. In the UK, Days Are Gone has debuted at #1, surpassing sales of new albums by established artists like Justin Timberlake and Dizzee Rascal. Renowned for their electrifying live performances, sisters Este, Danielle and Alana Haim are set to take over Jimmy Kimmel Live! with a special outdoor concert on Tuesday, November 5th. Jimmy Kimmel Live! airs weeknights at 11:35 PM ET/10:35 PM CT on ABC. Featuring crowd favourites, “Falling,” “Forever,” “Don’t Save Me,” and “The Wire,” as well as title track, “Days Are Gone,” co-written with Kid Harpoon and Jessie Ware, HAIM’s debut album has been released to tremendous critical acclaim. Touted as “instantly likeable” by The Associated Press, “irresistible” by the Los Angeles Times and “slick, confidently and winningly breezy” by The New York Times, Days Are Gone has been declared “one of the most proficient pieces of music to come out this year” by SPIN. The album has been awarded an 8.3 rating and “Best New Music” by Pitchfork, and has been hailed as “the kind of microtriumph you sit up and root for” by Rolling Stone in their 3.5 star review. The buzz surrounding HAIM’s debut release validates Time Out New York’s prediction that “2013 is going to be a good year for HAIM.” The band has received unprecedented media attention, being named an MTV “Artist to Watch,” a VH1 “You Oughta Know” artist, as well as being showcased as Spotify’s first ever “Spotlight” artist. In addition, HAIM have been featured on NPR Weekend Edition, have played a headlining slot at this year’s iTunes Festival and have received early support from Sirius XMU. HAIM are currently on tour after having made festival appearances at Lollapalooza, Bonnaroo, Austin City Limits and Made In America. Their recent captivating sold-out show at New York City’s Webster Hall led the New York Post to proclaim “when it comes to performing live, they already sound like masters of the art.” The band will headline shows at Vancouver’s Commodore Ballroom, Los Angeles’ Fonda, and San Francisco’s Treasure Island before wrapping up their Fall 2013 tour with a performance at Las Vegas’ Life is Beautiful Festival (see below for full North American tour dates). Tour Dates: 10/10 Lawrence, KS The Granada 10/12 Austin, TX Austin City Limits 10/14 Phoenix, AZ Crescent Ballroom 10/15 San Diego, CA Casbah 10/16 Los Angeles, CA Fonda 10/18 Pomona, CA The Glass House 10/20 San Francisco, CA Treasure Island 10/22 Portland, OR Mississippi Studios 10/23 Seattle, WA Neumos 10/24 Vancouver, BC Commodore Ballroom 10/27 Las Vegas, NV Life is Beautiful
MILEY CYRUS WRECKS ANOTHER RECORD!!! SHATTERING HER OWN RECORD, “WRECKING BALL” VIDEO BECOMES THE FASTEST TO REACH 100 MILLION VIEWS ACROSS VEVO “WRECKING BALL” IS CURRENTLY #1 ON THE ITUNES SONGS CHART (TORONTO-ON) In only 6 days, Miley Cyrus' music video for "Wrecking Ball" has become the fastest music video ever to reach CERTIFIED status, VEVO's milestone for videos delivering 100 million views. Cyrus shattered the previous record which she held for “We Can’t Stop,” which was CERTIFIED by VEVO in just 37 days after it premiered. VEVO's video view counts represent the only definitive and official metric across all digital platforms because of its far-reaching scale and reach, which includes online, mobile and tablet, connected devices and syndication partner sites like AOL, Facebook, Yahoo! Music and YouTube. Videos "CERTIFIED" by VEVO have achieved a similar milestone to that of the RIAA's Gold and Platinum certification for audio. Miley Cyrus premiered the video for her new single "Wrecking Ball" across VEVO on September 9th where it promptly delivered over 19.3 million views across the platform in the 24 hours following its premiere, setting a new record. The video was directed by Terry Richardson and shot in Los Angeles. "Wrecking Ball," the second single from "Bangerz" already hit the #1 spot at on the iTunes Top Songs Chart. Watch the music video HERE. Miley Cyrus will release her new album “Bangerz,” on October 8th which will include thirteen new tracks. Collaborating with renowned producers and songwriters such as Mike Will, Pharrell, Future, and will.i.am , this album marks a creative evolution for Miley. “Bangerz” is currently available for pre-order. Those who pre-order "Bangerz" at iTunes will get an instant grat track of “Wrecking Ball” and "We Can't Stop". The first single “We Can’t Stop” was released on June 3rd and immediately shot to #1 on iTunes in the US and 23 other countries. The single has climbed to #2 on the Billboard Hot 100 chart and has sold over 2 million tracks in the US alone. “We Can’t Stop” also became Cyrus’ first #1 single in the UK. In addition, the video for “We Can’t Stop” broke VEVO’s record for most views in a 24 hour period, and in only 37 days became the fastest video to reach 100 million views across VEVO. Miley Cyrus is a world renowned entertainer with record breaking success in film, television and music. She is a multiplatinum recording artist and has sold over 12 million albums and 20 million tracks in the US alone. www.mileycyrus.com Twitter:@mileycyrus www.facebook.com/mileycyrus
MGMT ANNOUNCE NORTH AMERICAN HEADLINING TOUR VIDEO FOR “COOL SONG NO. 2” DEBUTS VIA VEVO MGMT AVAILABLE NOW – INCLUDES THE “OPTIMIZER” A COMPLETE AUDIO + VISUAL EXPERIENCE (Toronto, ON; September 17, 2013) – In celebration of their new self-titled album out today, MGMT will hit the road for a North American headlining tour that will kick off November 10 with a special appearance at Fun Fun Fun Fest in Austin. As revealed by Jimmy Fallon during the band’s performance of “Plenty of Girls in the Sea” on Late Night with Jimmy Fallon last week, the tour will conclude on December 13 with the band playing a special hometown show at Barclays Center in Brooklyn, NY, following 2 Canadian dates in Toronto and Montreal (see below for full list of North American tour dates). Presales will begin Friday, September 20 at 10am local time at . MGMT is set to launch “Cool Song No. 2," the second video from MGMT, today via VEVO. Written and created by director Isaiah Seret and costume designer Mindy Le Brock, and shot by award-winning cinematographer, Bradford Young, “Cool Song No. 2” depicts a fully-realized future world in which genetically engineered plants are converted into euphoria-inducing drugs. The video stars Michael Kenneth Williams (known for his legendary roles as Omar in The Wire and Chalky White in Boardwalk Empire) as The Plant Hunter and Henry Hopper as his lover, Tree, who has been mutated by the drug and is undergoing the final stage of a bizarre physical transformation. “Cool Song No. 2” can be watched here: . MGMT has been released this week to widespread critical praise. Under The Radar hails the album as MGMT’s “most visionary and challenging album,” and Filter asserts that it “contains the same ingenuity fans have come to expect. The band still hold to no precedent but its own.” A collection of 10 diverse and powerful songs, the album is a result of MGMT’s experimentation with various in-studio writing processes and allowing the music to tell them where it wanted to go. Time notes, "As the band has matured so has their sound and the duo is moving past their Day-Glo party soundtrack tunes to create a more grown-up synth-heavy psychedelia,” and the Los Angeles Times declares that "Many [of the songs] are singalong catchy, but in their own surrealistic way." All commercial formats of MGMT include a download of the “Optimizer,” an immersive audio + visual album experience. Learn more here: . MGMT are Andrew VanWyngarden and Ben Goldwasser. North American Tour Dates: November 10 Austin, TX November 12 St. Louis, MO November 13 Madison, WI November 14 Columbus, OH November 15 Indianapolis, IN November 17 Des Moines, IA November 18 St. Paul, MN November 19 Chicago, IL November 20 Detroit, MI November 22 Louisville, KY November 23 Memphis, TN November 24 Atlanta, GA November 26 Washington, DC November 27 Charlotte, NC November 29 Durham, NC December 2 Pittsburgh, PA December 3 Philadelphia, PA December 5 Boston, MA December 7 Toronto, ON December 9 Montreal, QC December 13 Brooklyn, NY www.whoismgmt.com www.columbiarecords.com
ONE DIRECTION ANNOUNCE THE RELEASE OF THEIR THIRD ALBUM, MIDNIGHT MEMORIES, AVAILABLE MONDAY NOVEMBER 25 ALBUM PRE-ORDER AVAILABLE MONDAY SEPTEMBER 9 (NEW YORK, NY – SEPTEMBER 6, 2013) – British pop superstars One Direction will release their eagerly anticipated third studio album, MIDNIGHT MEMORIES globally on November 25, 2013 via Syco/Columbia Records. MIDNIGHT MEMORIES will be available for pre-order Monday, September 9 and in stores on Monday, November 25. MIDNIGHT MEMORIES will include worldwide smash hit single “Best Song Ever,” which recently made history on VEVO by racking up the highest number of views within 24 hours with a total of 12.3 million views. The music video for the single went on to win the “Song of the Summer” Award at the 2013 MTV Video Music Video Awards in Brooklyn. 2013 has been a monumental year for One Direction, who have played over 100 shows in 21 countries on their first ever Take Me Home World Tour. In February, the band visited Ghana with UK charity Comic Relief and recorded the official 2013 Red Nose Day charity single, “One Way Or Another (Teenage Kicks).” That same month they also won a BRIT Award for Global Success, and in August 2013 took home an astounding 6 Teen Choice Awards, including Choice Music Group. One Direction made their movie debut last week with their massive hit 3D concert movie and documentary One Direction: This Is Us. The film has been a phenomenal success, topping the UK and US box offices and grossing an incredible $18.4 million on its opening weekend in the US alone and an additional $14.8 million worldwide. In early 2014, One Direction will begin their worldwide Where We Are stadium tour in the UK, which includes two nights at Wembley stadium, as well as eight sold out dates in the UK and Ireland. Niall Horan, Zayn Malik, Liam Payne, Harry Styles and Louis Tomlinson formed in 2010 and have amassed a loyal fanbase and fame all across the globe. They have impressively sold over 32 million records and have achieved a total of 61 number ones.
GLEE SINGS THE BEATLES ALBUM AVAILABLE SEPTEMBER 24 FEATURING BRAND NEW TRACKS FROM SEASON 5 (Columbia Records; September 4, 2013) – Get ready for some Gleatlemania! The Glee cast introduces The Beatles’ legacy to a new generation with the album release of Glee Sings The Beatles on Tuesday, September 24. Glee Sings The Beatles includes 14 songs from the first two episodes of Glee’s fifth season, which will premiere on Thursday, September 26 (9:00-10:00 PM ET/PT) on Global. The album will feature the Glee cast’s take on the Fab Four’s iconic classics such as “All You Need Is Love,” “Let It Be,” and “A Hard Day’s Night” (see below for full track-listing). On the all-new “Love, Love, Love” premiere episode airing Thursday, September 26, the New Directions are back in action and take on their biggest assignment yet: The Beatles! As Will enlists the kids to pay homage to the classic song catalog from the Fab Four, Blaine and Kurt attempt to answer questions about their future together. Meanwhile, Rachel’s New York ambitions take an unexpected turn. Beatlemania continues at McKinley with the “Tina in the Sky with Diamonds” episode airing Thursday, October 3 (9:00-10:00 PM ET/PT). It’s time for the students to vote for prom queen and king, but when Tina receives a nomination, she takes on a fierce attitude that alienates her biggest supporters. Meanwhile, Rachel adjusts to a new attitude of her own as she and Santana work at a Broadway diner to make ends meet. Since its debut in 2009, Fox’s Glee has pioneered the comedy musical genre, becoming an unstoppable phenomenon that has redefined modern television and broken multiple music sales records. From the anthem hit “Don’t Stop Believin’” to the widely praised mash-up of Adele’s “Rumour Has It” and “Someone Like You,” Glee has sold over 55 million tracks and over 13 million albums worldwide. Throughout its four seasons, Glee has also set a groundbreaking record for the most songs charted by a single act on the Billboard Hot 100, surpassing records previously held by Elvis Presley, The Beatles and James Brown. With their incredible record sales, Glee has made a name for itself in music history. In the US, Glee scored three consecutive #1 releases with Glee: The Music, The Power of Madonna, Glee: The Music, Volume 3 Showstoppers, and Glee: The Music, Journey To Regionals. The RIAA has certified Glee: The Music, Volume 1 and Glee: The Music, The Christmas Album Platinum (sales in excess of 1 million units) as well as Glee: The Music, Volume 2, Glee: The Music, Volume 3 and Glee: The Music, Volume 4 Gold (sales in excess of 500,000 units). The full track listing for Glee Sings The Beatles is as follows: 1. Yesterday 2. Drive My Car 3. Got To Get You Into My Life 4. You’ve Got To Hide Your Love Away 5. Help 6. A Hard Day’s Night 7. I Saw Her Standing There 8. All You Need Is Love 9. Get Back 10. Here Comes The Sun 11. Something 12. Sgt. Pepper’s Lonely Hearts Club Band 13. Hey Jude 14. Let It Be
SONY MUSIC ENTERTAINMENT CANADA ANNOUNCES THE RELEASE OF LOVED ME BACK TO LIFE, THE NEW STUDIO ALBUM FROM INTERNATIONAL ICON CELINE DION (September 3, 2013) – Sony Music Entertainment Canada is thrilled to announce the release of Loved Me Back To Life, the highly anticipated new album from multi-diamond-selling and five-time Grammy® Award-winning musical legend Celine Dion. Loved Me Back To Life, Dion’s first English-language album in six years, will be released in Canada Tuesday, November 5 on Columbia Records (see track list below). The album’s pulsating, upbeat first single, also titled “Loved Me Back To Life,” is available digitally today. Pre-order the album at CelineDion.com and iTunes. Dion will perform “Loved Me Back To Life” live on Jimmy Kimmel Live! this Friday, September 6 and on The Ellen DeGeneres Show next Wednesday, September 11. Listen to “Loved Me Back To Life” on CelineDion.com now. Loved Me Back To Life offered Dion the chance to work with a team of exceptional producers and songwriters including Ne-Yo, Diane Warren, Tricky Stewart, Stevie Wonder, Eg White, Daniel Merriweather, Babyface, Audra Mae Butts, Play Production, Eman, Janis Ian, Danny Mercer, Andrew Goldstein, Shaffer Smith, Jessi Alexander, Tommy Lee James, Corparal, Sauce, Kyle Townsend, Dana Parish, Andrew Hollander, Aaron Pearce, Kuk Harrell, and Walter Afanasieff. The album’s single and title track was written by Sham & Motesart and Sia. In addition, Ne-Yo and Stevie Wonder lend their incredible talents as Dion’s duet partners. In December of 2007, Dion concluded an unprecedented concert engagement in Las Vegas—five consecutive years of sold-out shows at The Colosseum at Caesars Palace, a $100 million venue built exclusively for her performances. This historic, original show, entitled "A New Day...", was one of the highest grossing concerts in music history, selling more than 3 million tickets in its run and helping make Dion the highest-grossing touring artist in the world from 2000 to 2010. In 2011, Celine returned to The Colosseum with a brand-new critically-acclaimed show, simply entitled "Celine," playing to sold-out audiences since opening night. This spectacular show, which will continue for several years to come, features Dion’s greatest hits, some surprising covers, and a few songs featured on Loved Me Back To Life, including the title track. Having sold more than 220 million albums around the world, Celine Dion is one of the most immediately recognized, widely respected and successful performers in pop music history. In addition to numerous Canadian and international gold, platinum and multi-platinum certifications, Celine Dion has seen six of her albums—Falling Into You, Let’s Talk About Love, Celine Dion, The Colour Of My Love, All The Way… A Decade Of Song and These Are Special Times —each achieve Diamond status in recognition of sales of more than 1 million copies in Canada alone. She has been awarded five Grammy® Awards, including Record of the Year and Best Female Pop Vocal Performance for “My Heart Will Go On” in 1998, Album of the Year and Best Pop Album for Falling Into You in 1996, and Best Pop Performance by a Duo or Group with Vocal for “Beauty and the Beast” in 1992. Both “My Heart Will Go On” and “Beauty and the Beast” received Best Song Academy Awards for their respective years of release. Loved Me Back To Life track list: 1. Loved Me Back To Life 2. Somebody Loves Somebody 3. Incredible (duet with Ne-Yo) 4. Water And A Flame 5. Breakaway 6. Save Your Soul 7. Didn’t Know Love 8. Thank You 9. Overjoyed (duet with Stevie Wonder) 10. Thankful 11. At Seventeen 12. Always Be Your Girl 13. Unfinished Songs www.celinedion.com www.facebook.com/celinedion www.twitter.com/celinedion
John Mayer's Paradise Valley Streaming in its Entirety Exclusively on iTunes Now Paradise Valley To Be Released August 20 Mayer To Perform “Live On Letterman” Webcast On August 19 New York, NY, August 12, 2013—John Mayer’s new album Paradise Valley is available to stream in its entirety exclusively on iTunes beginning today (iTunes.com/JohnMayer). The album will be available to stream until its release on August 20. The Grammy Award-winning singer, songwriter and musician produced Paradise Valley with longtime collaborator Don Was, who also co-produced Mayer’s #1 charting Gold-certified 2012 release Born and Raised, and has worked on albums for acts such as the Rolling Stones, B.B. King and Bonnie Raitt. Fans who pre-order the album on iTunes will instantly receive a download of the track “Wildfire" (iTunes.com/JohnMayer). John Mayer will also preview songs from Paradise Valley along with fan favourites, the day before the album’s release for a “Live on Letterman” webcast concert on August 19. Mayer fans have the chance to win tickets to the webcast performance using the John Mayer Tour App, now available on all mobile platforms and through Citi’s Private Pass® program ( www.citiprivatepass.com ). The webcast will be streamed live at and also will be available on demand on CBS.com and VEVO. He will also perform his latest single “Wildfire” on the broadcast of the Late Show with David Letterman that evening. Mayer kicked off his first tour in three years last month, which marks his return after the recurrence of a throat granuloma forced him to cancel his tour in support of Born and Raised and take an indefinite hiatus from performing. The 40-stop U.S tour continues through early October, with support act Phillip Phillips (“Home,” “Gone, Gone, Gone”) for most shows. Mayer was also announced on the lineup for the Global Poverty Project benefit concert in Central Park on September 28. Mayer is using the U.S. portion of the tour to heighten awareness of and raise funds for our military veterans suffering from the effects of post traumatic stress. One dollar from each tour ticket sold will fund PTS-related programs created by Mayer and the Northern California Institute for Research and Education. Paradise Valley pre-order on iTunes: iTunes.com/JohnMayer “Paper Doll” lyric video: “Wildfire” lyric video: For a complete list of tour dates please visit:
EMBLEM3’s DEBUT ALBUM NOTHING TO LOSE MAKES TOP 10 ENTRY ON THE BILLBOARD 200 U.S. AND ON NIELSEN SOUNDSCAN CANADA BAND UP FOR ‘BREAKOUT GROUP’ AT NEXT WEEKEND’S TEEN CHOICE AWARDS (SYCO/Columbia Records; Toronto, ON– August 7, 2013) – Emblem3’s debut album Nothing To Lose has made an impressive top 10 entry on the Billboard Top 200 Albums Chart in the U.S., debuting at #7 and selling nearly 46,000 copies. In Canada Nothing To Lose debuted at #8 on the Nielsen Soundscan Sales Charts. The album, which was released July 30 and features hit single “Chloe (You’re The One I Want),” marks the highest first week sales of any other act from The X Factor US and is the biggest debut album sales week from any US television competition series artist in 2013. Nothing To Lose was the first release on Executive Producer Savan Kotecha’s label imprint “Mr Kanani,” through Syco Music / Columbia Records. Emblem3 has received much praise in recent weeks, with Entertainment Tonight applauding the album’s “beach-ready tunes that create the perfect summer soundtrack.” The Los Angeles Times described their sound as “a fusion of pop, ska and hip-hop – think Sublime, only with washboard abs and none of the grit” while The Huffington Post named Emblem3 “The Next Boy Band to Watch.” This weekend, Emblem3 will present at the 2013 Teen Choice Awards, where they’ve also received a nomination in the Choice Music Breakout Group category alongside Icona Pop, Imagine Dragons, The Lumineers and Macklemore & Ryan Lewis. Teen Choice 2013 celebrates the hottest teen icons in television, music, film, sports, fashion, comedy and the web, and the star-studded, two-hour event will air live Sunday, August 11 at 8:00PM ET / PT on FOX. Fans can vote for Emblem3 at www.teenchoiceawards.com . Emblem3 kicked off their album release week with a performance of “Chloe (You’re The One I Want)” on The View, which follows their network television debut of the song on Good Morning America’s annual Summer Concert Series in June. The band also spent the week taking east coast malls by storm during a run of album signing events that drew thousands of screaming fans. “Chloe” has achieved Top 25 airplay at Pop Radio, while the band’s new Twitter followers were up 92% (3X the Social 50 average) last week alone. Emblem3, who got their start competing on the second season of The X Factor (on Fox), will wrap up a run of headline tour dates this month before joining Selena Gomez on the Stars Dance arena tour across the US and Canada (8 dates) , kicking off on August 14 in Vancouver and running through the end of November. For ticket information and tour dates please visit . Emblem3 are: Brothers Wesley and Keaton Stromberg and lifelong friend Drew Chadwick. Emblem3 on Tour: Date City Venue Aug 7 Richmond, VA The National* Aug 10 Myrtle Beach, SC House of Blues* Aug 14 Vancouver, BC Pepsi Live at Rogers Arena** Aug 16 Lethbridge, AB Enmax Centre** Aug 17 Edmonton, AB Rexall Place** Aug 18 Saskatoon, SK Credit Union Center** Aug 19 Winnipeg, MB MTS Centre** Aug 22 Ottawa, ON Scotiabank Place** Aug 23 Montreal, QC Bell Center** Aug 24 Toronto, ON Air Canada Centre** Oct 10 Washington, D.C. Patriot Center** Oct 11 Pittsburgh, PA Peterson Events Center** Oct 12 Boston, MA TD Garden** Oct 15 Buffalo, NY First Niagara Arena** Oct 16 Brooklyn, NY Barclays Center** Oct 18 Philadelphia, PA Wells Fargo Center** Oct 19 Uncasville, CT Mohegan Sun Arena** Oct 20 Newark, NJ Prudential Center** Oct 22 Hershey, PA Giant Center** Oct 23 Louisville, KY KFC Yum! Center** Oct 25 Nashville, TN Bridgestone Arena** Oct 26 Atlanta, GA Philips Arena** Oct 27 Charlotte, NC Time Warner Cable Arena** Oct 29 Sunrise, FL BB&T Center** Oct 30 Tampa, FL Tampa Bay Times Forum** Nov 1 San Antonio, TX AT&T Center** Nov 2 Houston, TX Toyota Center** Nov 3 Dallas, TX American Airlines Arena** Nov 5 Phoenix, AZ US Airways Center** Nov 6 Los Angeles, CA STAPLES Center** Nov 8 San Diego, CA Valley View Casino Center** Nov 9 Las Vegas, NV Mandalay Bay Events Center** Nov 10 San Jose, CA HP Pavilion** Nov 12 Seattle, WA Key Arena at Seattle Center** Nov 14 Salt Lake City, UT Energy Solutions Arena** Nov 16 Denver, CO 1STBANK Center** Nov 17 Kansas City, MO Sprint Center** Nov 19 Indianapolis, IN Bankers Life Field House** Nov 21 Minneapolis, MN Target Center** Nov 22 Chicago, IL Allstate Arena** Nov 23 Columbus, OH Nationwide Arena** Nov 26 Detroit, MI Palace of Auburn Hills** Nov 27 St. Louis, MO Chaifetz Arena** *Emblem3 Headline Date **Supporting Selena Gomez Connect with Emblem3: www.emblem3.com/ www.twitter.com/emblemthree www.facebook.com/emblemthree www.instagram.com/emblemthree Nothing To Lose Available Here:
HAIM TO RELEASE HIGHLY ANTICIPATED DEBUT ON SEPTEMBER 30 VIA COLUMBIA RECORDS, AVAILABLE NOW FOR PRE-ORDER ON ITUNES First Single “The Wire” Available Now On iTunes (Columbia Records; Toronto, ON; August 6, 2013) – Breakout band HAIM will release their highly anticipated debut album, Days Are Gone, on September 30 via Columbia Records, available today for pre-order on iTunes (iTunes.com/HAIM). Recorded mostly in HAIM’s native Los Angeles, the album sees sisters Este, Danielle and Alana Haim working alongside acclaimed producers Ariel Rechtshaid (Usher, Vampire Weekend) and James Ford (Florence and the Machine, Arctic Monkeys). Days Are Gone will feature crowd favorites “Falling,” “Forever,” and “Don’t Save Me” as well as brand new tracks that have yet to air live, including title track “Days Are Gone,” which was co-written with Kid Harpoon and Jessie Ware (see below for full track listing). "The Wire," the first single from Days Are Gone, is available now on iTunes. Fans who pre-order the album on iTunes will instantly receive a download of the track "The Wire" (iTunes.com/HAIM). Already a live favorite, Fader observes, “the track’s final studio incarnation wisely emphasizes what HAIM does so well live, with ‘We Will Rock You’-styled drums, shades of guitar theatrics and a triumphant, everybody-together-now vocal medley.” MTV Buzzworthy has proclaimed the infectious track a “monster of a song: huge, hooky and ready to wreck major cities and/or pop charts,” and Pitchfork concludes that HAIM are “making some of the best power-pop out there right now.” A music video for “The Wire” will be released shortly. The Southern California trio has attracted a surge of industry attention since releasing their EPs Forever, Don’t Save Me and Falling. The band has also been prominently featured in Rolling Stone’s esteemed Best of Rock issue and Elle’s Women In Music issue, as well as recognized as “Faces to Watch 2013” by The Los Angeles Times, “20 Bands To Watch Out For” by Complex and “15 New Stars We Love” by Entertainment Weekly. In the UK, HAIM have impressively become the first female American act to ever win the BBC’s Sound of 2013, an annual poll of industry leaders to identify the most promising new music talent. This award has been a reliable indicator of success in recent years, with Ellie Goulding and Jessie J being named the winners in the past. HAIM’s electrifying live performances, including sold-out headlining shows at Los Angeles’ Troubadour and New York’s Music Hall of Williamsburg in addition to festival appearances at SXSW, Lollapalooza, Bonnaroo, Firefly and Governor’s Ball, have made waves on both sides of the Atlantic. Fader has declared that HAIM’s “practiced live show easily rivals any of their peers,” and it is no wonder that HAIM have been asked to support the likes of Phoenix, Florence and the Machine, Mumford and Sons and Vampire Weekend on tour. Later this month, HAIM will embark on a headlining North American tour with stops in New York, Boston and Los Angeles, among others (see below for full US tour dates). Time Out New York predicted “it’s safe to say that 2013 is going to be a good year for HAIM,” but with the release of their debut album, HAIM are only just getting started. The full track listing for Days are Gone is as follows: 1. Falling 2. Forever 3. The Wire 4. If I Could Change Your Mind 5. Honey & I 6. Don’t Save Me 7. Days Are Gone 8. My Song 5 9. Go Slow 10. Let Me Go 11. Running If You Call My Name US Tour Dates: 8/31 Philadelphia, PA Made in America 9/1 Boston, MA Paradise 9/3 New York, NY Webster Hall 9/7 Guthrie, OK Ottonwood Flast * 10/4 Austin, TX Antone’s 10/5 Austin, TX Austin City Limits 10/6 New Orleans, LA One Eyed Jacks 10/8 Dallas, TX Trees 10/10 Lawrence, KS The Granada 10/12 Austin, TX Austin City Limits 10/14 Phoenix, AZ Crescent Ballroom 10/15 San Diego, CA Casbah 10/16 Los Angeles, CA Fonda 10/18 Pomona, CA The Glass House 10/20 San Francisco, CA Treasure Island 10/22 Portland, OR Mississippi Studios 10/23 Seattle, WA Neumos 10/27 Las Vegas, NV Life is Beautiful *Supporting Mumford and Sons
GRAMMY-NOMINATED RECORDING ARTIST J. COLE ANNOUNCES 2013 NORTH AMERICAN TOUR WHAT DREAMS MAY COME TOUR FEATURING WALE The What Dreams May Come Tour Kicks off on September 10th Tickets on sale to the public on August 2nd July 30, 2013 – New York, NY – Grammy-nominated, platinum selling RocNation/Columbia recording artist J.Cole, in the midst of his critically acclaimed Gold selling new album Born Sinner, a Platinum selling, #1 single “Power Trip” featuring Grammy Award winner Miguel and rapidly rising second single, “Crooked Smile” featuring TLC, and a recent top selling fan tour, has announced details and dates for his 2013 North American tour, What Dreams May Come Tour, featuring Wale. The What Dreams May Come Tour featuring Wale will make stops at theatres throughout North America this fall, beginning on Tuesday, September 10th at the James L. Knight Center in Miami, FL concluding on October 30th at the Paramount Theatre in Seattle, WA. The 30 city, AEG Live tour, will go through several major markets including Toronto, Atlanta, Boston and Chicago amongst many others. J.Cole will also perform in Las Vegas, NV at The Colosseum at Caesars Palace, making him one of the first hip-hop acts to perform at the famed venue. Independently of the What Dreams May Come Tour, J.Cole will also perform at several college homecomings as well as the Rock The Bells Festivals. “It’s going to be a wild ride,” says J.Cole. Joining J.Cole on tour is Grammy-nominated and award-winning artist, Wale. Wale is touring in support of his latest release, the #1 album The Gifted, which sold over 158,000 units in its first week. This marks Wale’s third solo album and follows up his certified Gold sophomore album, Ambition, which also topped the charts as the #1 rap album and produced the Grammy-nominated, certified Gold single “Lotus Flower Bomb” featuring Miguel. Wale has released a series of critically acclaimed mixtapes and received praise for his debut album, Attention Deficit, from national publications such as Billboard and Paper Magazine. Tickets for What Dreams May Come Tour go on sale in select markets starting August 2nd at 10:00 am local time and are available through www.axs.com and www.jcolemusic.com . In addition to general ticketing, fans will also have a chance to purchase the J.Cole VIP meet and greet packages. These special packages include an exclusive meet and greet with J.Cole, an individual photo opportunity, an autographed tour lithograph and one commemorative VIP tour laminate. The packages do not have any age restrictions and will be available for sale with the start of tour ticket sales. In a special offer, fans who are signed up for J.Cole's newsletter will have first access to buying tickets. Those wishing to sign up for the newsletter can do so online here: https://www.jcolemusic.com/us/newsletter-signup The charitable partner for What Dreams May Come Tour is J.Cole’s Dreamville Foundation, with a portion from every concert ticket sold going to the registered 501c3. Created by J.Cole in 2011, The Dreamville Foundation’s mission is to reveal to youth their limitless potential through life-altering experiences. Since its inception, the organization has been dedicated to uplifting youth in Fayetteville through book clubs, essay contests and community events. Fans who would like to make additional donations to the non-profit can do so by visiting . The What Dreams May Come Tour follows on the heels of J.Cole’s phenomenally popular J.Cole Dollar & A Dream Tour. In an innovative show model, fans were able to attend intimate J.Cole shows for only $1.00 with venues and details being revealed the day of via Twitter. The tour, which took place leading up to the release of Born Sinner, created verifiable fan pandemonium, with concert attendees lined up hours in advanced and venues hitting capacity. In Toronto, the tour stop shut down the streets when over 3000 fans showed up for a coveted 500 tickets. For more information on J.Cole, the What Dreams May Come Tour and Born Sinner please visit www.bornsinner.com , www.jcolemusic.com , www.Dreamvillain.net , www.RocNation.com and www.columbiarecords.com .
ONE DIRECTION “BEST SONG EVER” BREAKS RECORD ON VEVO WITH 10.9 MILLION VIEWS IN 24 HOURS (NEW YORK, NY; VEVO; JULY 23, 2013) –VEVO, the world’s leading all-premium music video and entertainment platform, has announced today that global superstars One Direction’s new video “Best Song Ever” delivered 10.9 million views across VEVO in the 24 hours following its premiere. This beats out the previous record holder, Miley Cyrus “We Can’t Stop,” which hit 10.7 million views. One Direction premiered the video for their new single “Best Song Ever” across VEVO on July 22nd. The music video was directed by Ben Winston and shot in Miami. The video displays the boys’ acting skills with Niall as "Harvey, the Studio Exec," Harry as "Marcel, the Marketing Guy," Liam as "Leeroy, the Choreographer," Louis as "Jonny, the Studio Exec," and Zayn as "Veronica, the Sexy Assistant." One Direction will open TEEN CHOICE 2013 with a performance of “Best Song Ever.” TEEN CHOICE 2013 airs live from the Gibson Amphitheatre in Los Angeles on Sunday, August 11 (8:00-10:00 PM ET live/PT tape-delayed) on FOX. This will be the band’s first ever live television performance of “Best Song Ever,” the first single off their forthcoming third album and the lead single from their upcoming film THIS IS US. One Direction are currently on a worldwide tour in support of their second album TAKE ME HOME. Their movie THIS IS US will be released nationwide August 30th, 2013. The band will make a special appearance on NBC’s the Today Show Summer Concert series on August 23rd in support of the film. One Direction have just announced the first two legs of a worldwide stadium tour for 2014 – including eight sold out dates in the UK and Ireland. With the two albums to date – UP ALL NIGHT and TAKE ME HOME - One Direction have sold over 30 million records worldwide. They’ve won two BRIT awards, three MTV Video Music awards, three Billboard Music awards and are nominated for six Teen Choice 2013 Awards, including Choice Music Group. Watch on VEVO: Download on iTunes:
GRAMMY AWARD-WINNING ARTIST JOHN LEGEND ANNOUNCES “MADE TO LOVE” NORTH AMERICAN TOUR Award Winning Singer Tamar Braxton Confirmed as Supporting Act 20+ Date Headlining Tour Kicks-Off October 20th, On Sale Information Available at JohnLegend.com, Fourth Solo Studio Album, Love In The Future, Drops September 3rd (July 23rd, 2013) Nine-time Grammy Award winning artist John Legend has announced tour dates for his upcoming “Made To Love” tour. The 20+ stop tour begins October 20th in Mashantucket, CT and will make stops across the US and Canada, including Washington DC, New York, Miami, Atlanta, Detroit, Toronto, Vancouver, Las Vegas and Los Angeles. Award-winning singer, reality star and talk show host Tamar Braxton, whose album Love and War also drops September 3rd, has been confirmed as a special guest throughout the tour. Ticket & on-sale information can be found at www.JohnLegend.com . Legend recently released “Made to Love,” the second single from his much anticipated fourth solo studio album, Love in the Future. The single - a follow up to the critically acclaimed “Who Do We Think We Are,” featuring Rick Ross - was produced by Dave Tozer, Nana Kwabena, Kanye West and Da Internz and is available digitally at . The song's video, set for a late-July release, was created from a concept by Yoann Lemoine (Drake/Rihanna, "Take Care;" Lana Del Rey, "Born To Die;" Woodkid, "Iron”) and was directed by acclaimed fashion photographer Daniel Sannwald. Love In the Future will be released by G.O.O.D. Music/Columbia on September 3rd. The highly anticipated album was produced by Legend and longtime collaborators Kanye West and Dave Tozer.
EMBLEM3 SET TO RELEASE DEBUT ALBUM NOTHING TO LOSE JULY 30 BAND NOMINATED FOR ‘MUSIC BREAKOUT GROUP’ AND PRESENTING AT THE 2013 TEEN CHOICE AWARDS EMBLEM3 WILL PERFORM ON THE VIEW JULY 29 (Toronto ON– July 23, 2013) – Emblem3 will release their highly anticipated debut album Nothing To Lose on July 30. The album, executive produced by award-winning songwriter and producer Savan Kotecha (Maroon 5, Usher, One Direction) is available in deluxe and standard editions (see attached tracklistings) and is currently available for pre-order at . Emblem3 co-wrote much of the album, which includes hit single “Chloe (You’re The One I Want)” and features songwriting by Jack Antonoff of fun., Benji and Joel Madden of Good Charlotte and Max Martin (Taylor Swift, Maroon 5, Katy Perry). The deluxe version features four bonus tracks, including two live songs (“Jaiden” and “Reason”) written exclusively by Emblem3 and recorded during the band’s sold out winter headline tour earlier this year. The album will be the first release on Savan Kotecha’s label imprint “Mr Kanani,” through Syco Music / Columbia Records. “We are so stoked to finally get to share our new music with the world! It's been a dream come true recording this first record and we are forever grateful,” said Emblem3’s Wesley Stromberg. The band’s Drew Chadwick noted, “We put our heart and soul into each track. We hope that these songs can reach out and connect to as many people as possible and let them know to keep their chin up and never give up because dreams do come true.” “Live each day like it’s your last and live like you've got Nothing to Lose!” added Keaton Stromberg. "I was inspired to work with Emblem3 after meeting them backstage on The X Factor” said Savan Kotecha. “These guys are the real deal. It was a true pleasure to help guide them in crafting their first album and watching them grow as musicians and writers throughout the process. They've created a fresh sound that I can't wait for the world to hear!" Following the album release Emblem3 will present at the 2013 Teen Choice Awards, where they’ve also received a nomination in the Choice Music Breakout Group category alongside Icona Pop, Imagine Dragons, The Lumineers and Macklemore & Ryan Lewis. Teen Choice 2013 celebrates the hottest teen icons in television, music, film, sports, fashion, comedy and the web, and the star-studded, two-hour event will air live Sunday, August 11 at 8:00PM ET / PT on FOX. Fans can vote for Emblem3 at www.teenchoiceawards.com . The band will celebrate the release of Nothing To Lose with a performance of hit single “Chloe (You’re The One I Want)” on ABC’s The View on Monday, July 29. This performance follows the band’s national television debut of the song last month on ABC’s annual Good Morning America Summer Concert Series, where they joined a prestigious series lineup including Mariah Carey, Jennifer Lopez, Alicia Keys, Demi Lovato, John Legend, Pitbull and Selena Gomez. Emblem3, who got their start competing on the second season of The X Factor (on Fox) will continue on a run of headline tour dates this month before joining Selena Gomez on the Stars Dance arena tour across the US and Canada, kicking off on August 14 in Vancouver and running through the end of November. For ticket information and tour dates please visit . Emblem3 are: brothers Wesley and Keaton Stromberg and lifelong friend Drew Chadwick. Nothing To Lose Tracklisting: 1) Just For One Day 2) Spaghetti 3) XO 4) Chloe (You’re The One I Want) 5) Girl next door 6) Nothing to Lose 7) Love LA Sunset Blvd 9) 3000 Miles 10) Teenage Kings 11) One Day 12) Do It All Again* 13) I Wish* 14) Jaiden (Live)* 15) Reason (Live)* *Deluxe version only Emblem3 on Tour: Date City Venue July 18 Paso Robles, CA California Mid State Fair July 20 Orange County, CA OC Fair July 21 Sacramento, CA Ace of Spades* July 27 Hershey Park, PA Mix Tape Festival July 28 Cleveland, OH House of Blues* Aug 2 Hampton Beach, NH Hampton Beach Casino* Aug 4 Cohasset, MA South Shore Music Circus Aug 6 Norfolk, VA The Norva* Aug 7 Richmond, VA The National* Aug 10 Myrtle Beach, SC House of Blues* Aug 14 Vancouver, BC Pepsi Live at Rogers Arena** Aug 16 Calgary, AB Scotiabank Saddledome** Aug 17 Edmonton, AB Rexall Place** Aug 18 Saskatoon, SK Credit Union Center** Aug 19 Winnipeg, MB MTS Centre** Aug 22 Ottawa, ON Scotiabank Place** Aug 23 Montreal, QC Bell Center** Aug 24 Toronto, ON Air Canada Centre** Oct 10 Washington, D.C. Patriot Center** Oct 11 Pittsburgh, PA Peterson Events Center** Oct 12 Boston, MA TD Garden** Oct 15 Buffalo, NY First Niagara Arena** Oct 16 Brooklyn, NY Barclays Center** Oct 18 Philadelphia, PA Wells Fargo Center** Oct 19 Uncasville, CT Mohegan Sun Arena** Oct 20 Newark, NJ Prudential Center** Oct 22 Hershey, PA Giant Center** Oct 23 Louisville, KY KFC Yum! Center** Oct 25 Nashville, TN Bridgestone Arena** Oct 26 Atlanta, GA Philips Arena** Oct 27 Charlotte, NC Time Warner Cable Arena** Oct 29 Sunrise, FL BB&T Center** Oct 30 Tampa, FL Tampa Bay Times Forum** Nov 1 San Antonio, TX AT&T Center** Nov 2 Houston, TX Toyota Center** Nov 3 Dallas, TX American Airlines Arena** Nov 5 Phoenix, AZ US Airways Center** Nov 6 Los Angeles, CA STAPLES Center** Nov 8 San Diego, CA Valley View Casino Center** Nov 9 Las Vegas, NV Mandalay Bay Events Center** Nov 10 San Jose, CA HP Pavilion** Nov 12 Seattle, WA Key Arena at Seattle Center** Nov 14 Salt Lake City, UT Energy Solutions Arena** Nov 16 Denver, CO 1STBANK Center** Nov 17 Kansas City, MO Sprint Center** Nov 19 Indianapolis, IN Bankers Life Field House** Nov 21 Minneapolis, MN Target Center** Nov 22 Chicago, IL Allstate Arena** Nov 23 Columbus, OH Nationwide Arena** Nov 26 Detroit, MI Palace of Auburn Hills** Nov 27 St. Louis, MO Chaifetz Arena** *Emblem3 Headline Date **Supporting Selena Gomez
PASSION PIT ANNOUNCE NORTH AMERICAN FALL TOUR (New York, NY; Columbia Records; July 15th, 2013) – A year out from the release of their critically-acclaimed sophomore album Gossamer, Passion Pit have announced a massive fall headlining tour across North America, including festival appearances at the First City Festival, Boston Calling, Austin City Limits and North Coast Music Festival. The tour also includes two shows at New York City's Pier 36 on September 6th and 7th, where Passion Pit will offer discounted tickets to fans that purchased seats to the band's sold-out February performance at Madison Square Garden, but were unable to attend due to a blizzard. Proceeds from these specially-priced tickets will be donated to the American Foundation for Suicide Prevention. The tour will feature special guests The Joy Formidable on a number of dates beginning September 29th, with stops in Los Angeles (where Passion Pit will headline the fabled Greek Theatre), Atlanta, New Orleans, Salt Lake City, San Diego and many other cities throughout October and November. A full list of dates are included below-- tickets go onsale beginning Friday, July 19th, with a special fan presale kicking off on Wednesday, July 17th at 10am at PassionPitMusic.com. All fans that purchase presale tickets will have the chance to enter to win a meet and greet with the band at the show. Pres-sale link: Picked by Relix Magazine as one of their “Summer Stars” on the festival circuit, Passion Pit returned to Bonnaroo for a second time, where they played what Billboard exclaimed was a “show-stopping performance of "Take a Walk," with the audience belting the titular lyrics along to the chorus.” After Bonnaroo the band hopped over to Nashville to record a VEVO Presents: Unexpected Covers session. The session is live now on VEVO and includes performances of “Take A Walk”, “Carried Away”, and a cover of FUN.’s “Carry On.” Washington Times raved that “Passion Pit is the personification of pop music.” A year after its release, Gossamer has yielded a gold single in “Take A Walk,” while the band has fulfilled a dream in selling out a headline show at Madison Square Garden, performed on Saturday Night Live and continued touring in the largest venues of their career. Passion Pit is the studio project of Michael Angelakos, and is joined onstage by Ian Hultquist, Jeff Apruzzese, Xander Singh, and Chris Hartz. Passion Pit on tour: 8/10 Somerset, WI Summer Set Music Festival 8/24 Monterey, CA First City Festival 8/30 Chicago, IL North Coast Music Festival 8/31 Calgary, Canada X-Fest 9/1 Edmonton, Canada Sonic Boom Festival 9/3 Saskatoon, Canada The Odeon 9/4 Winnipeg, Canada Garrick Centre 9/6 New York, NY Pier 26 9/7 New York, NY Pier 26 9/8 Boston, MA Boston Calling Festival 9/29 Charlottesville, VA nTelos Wireless Pavilion ^ 10/1 Ashville, NC Orange Peel ^ 10/2 Winston-Salem, NC Ziggys ^ 10/3 Birmingham, AL Iron City ^ 10/5 Austin, TX Austin City Limits 10/7 Wilmington, NC Greenfield Lake Amphitheatre ^ 10/8 North Myrtle Beach, SC House of Blues ^ 10/10 Atlanta, GA Masquerade Music Park ^ 10/11 New Orleans, LA The Civic Theatre ^ 10/12 Austin, TX Austin City Limits 10/15 Broomfield, CO 1st Bank Center ^ 10/16 Salt Lake City, UT The Complex ^ 10/18 Spokane, WA Knitting Factory Concert House ^ 10/19 Portland, OR Theater of The Clouds 10/21 Sacramento, CA The Theatre at Sleep Train Arena ^ 10/22 San Diego, CA Open Air Theatre ^ 10/25 Los Angeles, CA Greek Theatre ^ 10/26 Santa Barbara, CA Santa Barbara Bowl ^ 10/27 Las Vegas, NV Life is Beautiful Festival 10/29 Kansas City, MO The Midland by AMC ^ 10/31 Fairfax, VA Patriot Center ^ 11/1 Atlantic City, NJ Showboat ^ 11/3 Norfolk, VA The Norva ^ 11/8 St. Augustine, FL St. Augustine Amphitheater * 11/9 Tampa, FL Coastline Festival 11/10 West Palm Beach, FL Coastline Festival ^ With The Joy Formidable * With Two Door Cinema Club, The Joy Formidable and St. Lucia
THE 20/20 EXPERIENCE WILL CONTINUE ITS WORLDWIDE DOMINATION ON SEPTEMBER 30TH FIRST SINGLE, “TAKE BACK THE NIGHT” AVAILABLE NOW ON THE ITUNES STORE; ALBUM ALSO AVAILABLE FOR PRE-ORDER ALSO AVAILABLE ON AMAZON AND ALL DIGITAL SERVICE PROVIDERS JUSTIN TIMBERLAKE KICKS OFF 12 CITY LEGENDS OF THE SUMMER STADIUM TOUR WITH JAY Z ON JULY 17TH IN TORONTO NY, NY… On September 30th Justin Timberlake will continue the journey of his critically acclaimed and worldwide best-selling album of the year, The 20/20 Experience with the release of The 20/20 Experience - 2 of 2 on RCA Records. The soulful first single, "Take Back The Night" picks up right where he left off and The 20/20 Experience continues. “Take Back The Night” was written by Justin Timberlake, Timbaland, Jerome “J-Roc” Harmon and James Fauntleroy and produced by Timbaland, Justin Timberlake and Jerome “J-ROC” Harmon. The 20/20 Experience – 2 of 2 is available today for pre-order on the iTunes Store (iTunes.com/JT) as well as The 20/20 Experience – The Complete Experience which features all 21 tracks. In addition, fans who pre-order either version of the album will instantly receive a download of the single “Take Back The Night.” The single is also available on Amazon and all digital service providers. The album will feature 11 all new tracks as well as a special surprise from Justin. “I originally recorded a massive amount of material and decided on the 20 tracks that I wanted on the album over a year ago. But, when I was mixing and going through all of the songs there were so many that I loved - I couldn't resist... I had to throw in something extra on the 2nd half." Fresh off his outstanding performance at the 2013 BET Awards, Justin will kick off his 12 city Legends of the Summer Stadium Tour with JAY Z on Wednesday in Toronto. He will also perform as a headliner at the iTunes Music Festival in September. Additionally, Justin will head back to the stage this fall on October 31 for The 20/20 Experience World Tour making this his first solo tour in six years. The 20/20 Experience is already hailed by critics as one of the year’s best albums and has seen massive US and international success. In the US alone, the certified double platinum album is currently on top in 2013 as the best-selling album, biggest Top 200, R&B album and Digital album debut, is the only album this year to surpass 2 million albums sold and reached #1 across 7 SoundScan charts (Top 200, Top Digital albums, Top R&B albums, Top Current albums, Top Vinyl albums, Top Physical albums and Top Internet albums). Additionally, the album marks Justin with the biggest male debut in 5 years as well as the biggest digital debut in US history by a male artist. The album held the #1 spot for both the Top 200 (3 weeks) and R&B album chart (10 weeks). In just its first week of release all 10 tracks charted on the digital songs chart and have sold over 5.2 million tracks. The album has reached platinum status in 3 other countries as well as gold status in 9 other countries. The most recent single, “Mirrors” is certified double platinum in the US and marks an all-time audience high (184 million) and in spins at TOP40 (16K) for Justin in one week. The single reached #1 in 48 markets including UK, Germany and Ireland as well as #1 airplay on the European Hit 100, UK, Germany, Canada (CHR & HAC), Denmark, Norway & South Africa. The album’s first single, “Suit & Tie” ft. JAY Z is also certified double platinum in the US. Visit www.justintimberlake.com to hear “Take Back The Night.”
KINGS OF LEON RELEASE NEW SINGLE, “SUPERSOAKER,” JULY 17 PERFORM ON LATE NIGHT WITH JIMMY FALLON JULY 22 NEW ALBUM, MECHANICAL BULL, OUT SEPTEMBER 24 On July 17, Kings of Leon will release the first single, Supersoaker, via iTunes, Amazon and all digital providers. The song is from their soon-to-be released record Mechanical Bull. The album was produced by Angelo Petraglia and recorded at the band’s studio in Nashville, TN. The band will perform "Supersoaker" on Late Night with Jimmy Fallon on July 22. Kings of Leon are currently on the road in the UK and Europe and will perform along with The Flaming Lips, Jackson Browne, Built to Spill and others at the Rock for Oklahoma benefit on Tuesday July 23 at the Chesapeake Energy Arena. The band will be returning to Europe in August and then will perform at the 2013 Global Citizen Festival on September 28 in New York’s Central Park.
MS MR KICK OFF FALL HEADLINING TOUR IN CANADA STOPS IN MONTREAL, TORONTO AND VANCOUVER Toronto, ON - June 25th, 2013 – New York City based duo MS MR will embark on a North American headline tour this fall in support of their critically acclaimed, debut album Secondhand Rapture. The tour will begin in Canada on September 16th in Montreal and will include stops in Toronto and Vancouver along with a number of U.S. shows (full list of dates below). Additionally, the duo will hit the global festival circuit this summer with performances at Glastonbury, Splendour in the Grass, Lollapalooza, Rock En Seine, Outside lands and Austin City Limits. MS MR made their late night television debut last month with a performance of their single Hurricane on the Late Show With David Letterman. The band performed Hurricane along with the rest of Secondhand Rapture on their recent US west coast run opening for CSS. The Daily Beast noted, at the duo’s sold-out album release show at Bowery Ballroom in NY, that “Plapinger’s layered vocals are accentuated by Hershenow’s swirling, swelling electro-pop production replete with synths, drums, and electronic beats” delivering what Time Out New York calls “a finely crafted work of dream pop.” To catch a preview of what’s in store for the tour; check out MS MR’s live show at the SXSW Hype Hotel on Baeble Music: MS MR’s debut album Secondhand Rapture is comprised of 12 sweeping tracks cholk-full of the duo’s compelling blend of cinematic pop. The duo was recently inducted into MTV’s ‘Artist To Watch’ spotlight series, named as one of The Guardian’s ‘One to Watch’ and noted by Teen Vogue as the “next big musical duo.” MS MR’s debut album includes the previously released track Bones, which was prominently featured in the Game Of Thrones season trailer. Produced by Max Hershenow, with additional production and mix by Tom Elmhirst, the duo co-wrote Secondhand Rapture over the course of 2011 in Brooklyn, NY. Watch MS MR perform Hurricane on the Late Show With David Letterman: David Letterman - MS MR: "Hurricane" MS MR headline tour dates: 9/16 Montreal, QC Café Campus * 9/17 Toronto, ON Phoenix * 9/19 Philadelphia, PA The Church * 9/21 Boston, MA Brighton Music Hall * 9/22 Washington, D.C. Black Cat * 9/24 New York, NY Webster Hall * 9/25 Cleveland, OH Grog Shop * 9/27 Kansas City, KC Berkley Riverfront Park 9/28 Minneapolis, MN 7th Street Entry * 9/29 Madison, WI Majestic * 9/30 Chicago, IL Lincoln Hall * 10/2 Tulsa, OK Vanguard 10/6 Austin, TX Austin City Limits 10/7 Dallas, TX House of Blues 10/8 Houston, TX Warehouse 10/9 New Orleans, LA House of Blues 10/12 Mexico City Corona Capitol 10/13 Austin, TX Austin City Limits 10/17 Los Angeles, CA Troubadour # 10/18 Los Angeles, CA Troubadour # 10/19 San Diego, CA Soda Bar # 10/23 Vancouver, BC Venue # * with MØ supporting # with Wildcat! Wildcat! supporting Website: Tumblr: Facebook:
MGMT SET TO RELEASE SELF-TITLED ALBUM ON SEPTEMBER 17 (Toronto, ON; June 25, 2013) – MGMT are back with their self-titled third studio album - MGMT - set to be released on September 17. The successor to 2008’s Oracular Spectacular and 2010’s Congratulations, MGMT finds Andrew VanWyngarden and Ben Goldwasser continuing to push themselves to expand the boundaries of modern pop music. Returning to Tarbox Road Studios to work with longtime collaborator Dave Fridmann (Co-producer and mixer of Oracular Spectacular and Congratulations, The Flaming Lips, Tame Impala), Andrew and Ben experimented with various in-studio writing processes, allowing the music to tell them where it wanted to go. The result is a diverse and powerful collection of 10 songs (including a cover of "Introspection" by 1960’s psych band Faine Jade) that directly mirrors the duo's encompassing surrealist view of the everyday (see below for full track listing). The world was given a taste of MGMT in April with the Record Store Day release (on limited edition cassette single) of album opener "Alien Days", hailed as an instant MGMT classic by fans and described by Rolling Stone as a “shimmering, psychedelic soundscape” and Spin as “a sumptuously detailed, exquisitely zonked-out space-rock construction.” In preparation for the highly anticipated release of MGMT, the band have begun assembling a variety of unique visual elements to accompany and illuminate the new music via "the Optimizer". Produced by MGMT live show video instrumentalist Alejandro Crawford, "the Optimizer" provides listeners of the album with a simultaneously aural & optical listening experience featuring video & CGI work by Andrew Benson, Emilio Gomariz, Geoffrey Lillemon, and Chris Timms. "the Optimizer" is part of an enhanced album package available on all commercial formats. “Your Life Is A Lie” will be the first music video released and finds MGMT again working with Tom Kuntz, director of the band's 2010 mini-epic “Congratulations” who has also received wide acclaim for his groundbreaking commercial and short film work. Up-and-coming indie director Sam Fleischner will be creating a clip for "Alien Days", and a video for the serpentine "Cool Song No. 2" is also in the works, both to be shot this summer. MGMT are currently on tour, recently performing to their largest headline audience in the U.S. with over 10,000 people in attendance at Artpark in Lewiston, NY. MGMT are set to play select North American festivals and club dates including headlining the Bunbury Festival in Cincinnati (July 13), First City Festival in Monterey, CA (August 24), FYF Festival in Los Angeles (August 25) and Bumbershoot Festival in Seattle (Sept. 2). MGMT will also play 2 festivals dates in Canada, performing at the Keloha Music and Arts Festival in Kelowna, B.C (July 5-7) and Festival D’Ete International De Quebec, PQ on July 9th. In the fall MGMT will commence a tour of Europe with stops in Glasgow, Cologne, Berlin, Paris and more. The band's first show at the Forum in London sold out immediately with a second show being added (see below for full list of tour dates). US Tour Dates for November-December will be announced next month. The full track listing for MGMT is as follows: Alien Days Cool Song No. 2 Mystery Disease Introspection Your Life Is a Lie A Good Sadness Astro-Mancy I Love You Too, Death Plenty Of Girls In the Sea An Orphan Of Fortune North American Tour Dates: July 3 Milwaukee, WI Summerfest/BMO Harris Bank July 5-7 Kelowna, B.C Keloha Music & Arts Festival July 9 Quebec City , PQ Festival D’Ete International De Quebec July 12 Lansing, MI Common Ground Music Festival July 13 Cincinnati, OH Bunbury Music Festival August 24 Monterey, CA Monterey County Fairgrounds August 25 Los Angeles, CA FYF Festival August 26 Las Vegas, NV The Pool at The Cosmopolitan August 29 Davis, CA Mondavi Center August 31 Bend, OR Les Schwab Amphitheatre September 1 Troutdale, OR Edgefield Amphitheatre September 2 Seattle, WA Bumbershoot Festival September 4 Boise, ID Knitting Factory September 5 Salt Lake City, UT Twilight Concert Series September 6 Denver, CO Fillmore Auditorium European Tour Dates (Guards supporting): September 26 Cologne, Germany Live Music Hall September 27 Brussels, Belgium AB September 29 Stockholm, Sweden Cirkus September 30 Oslo, Norway SentrumScene October 1 Copenhagen, Denmark Vega Main Hall October 3 Berlin, Germany Astra Kulturhaus October 4 Vienna, Austria Gasometer October 5 Munich, Germany Kesselhaus October 6 Zurich, Switzerland Komplex 457 October 8 Paris, France Olympia October 9 Hamburg, Germany Docks October 10 Utrecht, Netherlands Vredenburg Leidsche October 12 Glasgow, UK 02 ABC October 13 Wolverhampton, UK Civic Hall October 14 Manchester, UK O2 Apollo Manchester October 16 London, UK Forum October 19 Dublin, Ireland Olympia Theatre www.whoismgmt.com www.columbiarecords.com
GO TO BED WITH MILEY CYRUS ON “JIMMY KIMMEL LIVE” AND WAKE UP WITH THE GLOBAL SUPERSTAR ON “GOOD MORNING AMERICA” Disney-ABC Offers The first ever red-eye experience with Miley Cyrus Coast-to-Coast Cyrus Tour Concludes on "LIVE with Kelly and Michael" (Toronto, ON) Miley Cyrus is coming to ABC’s “Jimmy Kimmel Live” for an exclusive late night appearance on Tuesday, June 25. The hit maker will first sit down with the late night host to talk about her new music followed by an epic performance in the center of Hollywood, CA on JKL’s SONY outdoor stage in front of thousands of fans. This will be Miley’s first ever live performance of "We Can't Stop", the first single off her forthcoming RCA Records debut album. Straight from “JKL”, which airs at 11:35pm/10:35pm CT, Cyrus will hop on a jet and travel across the country to New York City where “Good Morning America” will capture every moment of her adventure. Fans will be able to relive Miley’s journey with “GMA” the next morning, Wednesday, June 26, featuring a performance by Cyrus at “GMA’s” studios in the heart of Times Square. The entire experience will conclude with a final stop at “LIVE with Kelly and Michael," where Cyrus will sit down with co-host Michael Strahan and guest co-host Kristin Chenoweth. Fans will enjoy ending their day with Cyrus’s performance on “Jimmy Kimmel Live” and continue their Miley-extravaganza as soon as they wake up with continued appearances on “Good Morning America” and “LIVE with Kelly & Michael.” ABOUT “GOOD MORNING AMERICA” Emmy Award-winning “Good Morning America,” featuring the anchor team of Robin Roberts, George Stephanopoulos, Sam Champion, Lara Spencer and Josh Elliott, airs MONDAY-FRIDAY (7:00-9:00 a.m., ET). The two-hour, live morning program airs on the ABC Television Network. Tom Cibrowski is senior executive producer. ABOUT “JIMMY KIMMEL LIVE” (weeknights, 11:35 p.m., ET) Jimmy Kimmel serves as host and executive producer of Emmy Award-nominated "Jimmy Kimmel Live," the ABC Television Network's late-night talk show. Now in its tenth season, "JKL" is packed with hilarious comedy bits and features a diverse lineup of guests including celebrities, athletes, musicians, comedians and humorous human interest subjects. Every night Kimmel delivers his up-to-the minute take on the latest news and pop culture topics from the day's events in his monologue, and has recently welcomed such notables as Johnny Depp, Meryl Streep, Tom Cruise, Robert Pattinson, Katy Perry, Will Farrell, Scarlett Johansson, Channing Tatum, Charlize Theron, John Krasinski, Jennifer Garner, Jessica Biel, Justin Bieber, Jessica Simpson, Kate Beckinsale, Ben Stiller, Jonah Hill, Andy Samberg, Michelle Williams, Zac Efron, Charlie Sheen, Chris Pine, Jeremy Renner, Jada Pinkett Smith, Josh Brolin, Russell Brand, Woody Harrelson and Joseph Gordon-Levitt. "Jimmy Kimmel Live," broadcasts from Disney's El Capitan Theater, located on Hollywood Boulevard in the heart of L.A.'s star-studded Walk of Fame. Kimmel showcases this illustrious location's unique character throughout his show by regularly interacting with the local "Super Heroes" parading along the boulevard and challenging passersby to participate in various comedy bits. He has also created many one-of-a-kind concert experiences, closing down Hollywood streets around his studio to hold musical block party events with artists such as Coldplay, Lady Gaga, Jay-Z and Depeche Mode, as well as special outdoor and lobby performances by Adele, Linkin Park, Justin Timberlake, Drake, Tony Bennett, Pitbull, Britney Spears, Lady Antebellum, Usher, Lenny Kravitz, Brad Paisley, Lil Wayne, Phoenix, 50 Cent, No Doubt and Dave Matthews Band. Jimmy Kimmel and Jill Leiderman serve as executive producers. Jason Schrift, Douglas DeLuca and Erin Irwin serve as co-executive producers. "Jimmy Kimmel Live" is shot live in front of a studio audience and produced by Jackhole Industries in association with ABC Studios. For more go to www.jimmykimmellive.com < >. ABOUT "LIVE WITH KELLY AND MICHAEL" (weekdays in national syndication) Emmy Award-winning talk show “LIVE with Kelly and Michael” is distributed in national syndication by Disney-ABC Domestic Television. Produced by WABC-TV in New York and executive-produced by Michael Gelman, “LIVE” airs in more than 200 markets across the U.S. Visit “LIVE” on the web at LIVEKellyandMichael.com, on Facebook, or follow “LIVE” on Twitter,@KellyandMichael. ABC Media Relations: Tra-Mi Callahan (818) 460-7967, Tra-Mi.Callahan@abc.com <mailto: Tra-Mi.Callahan@abc.com > Follow us on Twitter @JimmyKimmelLive,#JKL Photography and video available at www.abcmedianet.com < >. Photo request line (818) 460-6611.
MIKE POSNER TO JOIN JUSTIN BIEBER’S BELIEVE TOUR STARTING JUNE 22 NEW SINGLE “THE WAY IT USED TO BE” OUT NOW NEW ALBUM “PAGES” COMING SOON (Toronto, ON) – Singer, songwriter and producer Mike Posner will join Justin Bieber’s BELIEVE tour presented by Motorola, starting on June 22. The 30-date leg of the tour, announced in December as a result of overwhelming demand, kicks off Saturday June 22 at the Valley View Casino Center in San Diego, CA and will also feature Posner’s label mates Hot Chelle Rae. Posner just released his new single “The Way It Used To Be” on June 10th. His sophomore album Pages (RCA Records) will be released later this year. The first single The Way It Used To Be was co-written by Mike Posner, Martin Johnson, Ammo and produced by Martin Johnson and Ammo. The single is available at all digital providers and will impact radio in July. Listen to The Way It Used To Be here: . Watch the lyric video here: . Additionally, it was previously announced that Mike Posner will be a special guest on Ke$ha’s Warrior Tour in August. Since the release of Posner’s major label debut 31 Minutes To Takeoff in August of 2010, he has been in the studio working on his own music as well as producing and writing with artists such as Justin Bieber (Boyfriend), Labrinth (Beneath Your Beautiful), as well as Big Sean, Wiz Khalifa, Snoop Dogg, 2 Chainz, and Sammy Adams. He has also traveled all over the world promoting his album and his three smash singles, the multi-platinum breakout hit “Cooler Than Me” (recorded in his dorm room), “Please Don’t Go” and “Bow Chicka Wow Wow” which featured Lil’ Wayne. Posner has performed on The Ellen DeGeneres Show, The Late Night with Jimmy Fallon, and many more. In March of 2009, Posner’s first mixtape A Matter of Time (recorded in his dorm room) rose to the #1 position on iTunesU, promptly garnering him the attention of major labels. After signing a deal with RCA Records that summer, Posner returned to Duke University to finish up his course load, all the while beginning work on his debut album, self-releasing his second free mixtape One Foot Out The Door through iTunesU and rocking shows every weekend at colleges and festivals across the country. Just a year after A Matter of Time reached #1 on iTunesU, his debut album 31 Minutes to Takeoff reached #1 on iTunes proper. 25 year old Mike Posner hails from Detroit, MI and currently resides in Los Angeles, CA. www.mikeposner.com @mikeposner
GRAMMY AWARD-WINNING ARTIST JOHN LEGEND RELEASES LATEST SINGLE, “MADE TO LOVE” Fourth Solo Studio Album, Love In The Future, Drops September 3rd New York, NY (June 18th, 2013) Nine-time Grammy Award-winning artist John Legend has released “Made to Love,” the second single from his much anticipated fourth solo studio album, Love in the Future. The single - a follow up to the critically acclaimed “Who Do We Think We Are,” featuring Rick Ross - was produced by Dave Tozer, Nana Kwabena, Kanye West and Da Internz and is available digitally at . The song's video, set for a mid-July release, was created from a concept by Yoann Lemoine (Drake/Rihanna, "Take Care;" Lana Del Rey, "Born To Die;" Woodkid, "Iron”) and was directed by acclaimed fashion photographer Daniel Sannwald. Legend will perform “Made to Love,” on Good Morning America as a part of their Summer Concert Series on Friday, June 21st. Love In the Future will be released by G.O.O.D. Music/Columbia on September 3rd. The highly anticipated album was produced by Legend and longtime collaborators Kanye West and Dave Tozer. About John Legend: Ohio-born John Legend is a critically acclaimed, multi-award winning, platinum-selling singer-songwriter. He’s sold an impressive seven million albums worldwide. His work has garnered him nine Grammy Awards, three Soul Train Awards, the BET Award for Best New Artist and the special Starlight Award from the Songwriters Hall of Fame. A graduate of University of Pennsylvania where he studied English and African-American literature, Legend participated in a wide range of musical activities while in college. During the same period, Legend was introduced to Lauryn Hill, who hired him to play piano on her track "Everything Is Everything," and shortly thereafter he began to play shows around the Philadelphia area, eventually expanding his audience base to New York, Boston, Atlanta and Washington D.C. After college, Legend was introduced to then up-and-coming hip-hop artist Kanye West, who quickly signed Legend to his G.O.O.D. Music imprint and hired him to sing vocal hooks on some of his music. Legend started gaining momentum through a series of similar collaborations with established artists, adding vocals to an impressive list of chart-topping hits including West's "All of the Lights," Jay-Z's "Encore" and back-up vocals on Alicia Keys' 2003 song, "You Don't Know My Name." Legend’s debut album, Get Lifted, was released in December of 2004 through Columbia Records. The critically acclaimed album spawned the artist's first hit single, “Ordinary People,” and scored Legend multiple Grammy Awards in 2006, including Best R&B Album, Best New Artist and Best Male R&B Vocal Performance. The follow up was 2006’s platinum-selling Once Again, which brought Legend another Grammy, Best Male R&B Performance, for his single “Heaven,” and included collaborations with Kanye West, will.i.am and Raphael Saadiq. Legend’s next release was 2008’s Evolver, led by the hit single "Green Light" featuring Andre 3000. Legend's most recent effort was his 2010 collaboration with the Roots, Wake Up, which won the Grammy for Best R&B Album a year later. Throughout his career, John has worked to make a difference in the lives of others. In 2007, he launched the Show Me Campaign (ShowMeCampaign.org), an initiative that focuses on education as a key to break the cycle of poverty. The 2010 BET Humanitarian of the Year award, the 2009 CARE Humanitarian Award for Global Change, the 2009 Bishop John T. Walker Distinguished Humanitarian Service Award from Africare and the 2011 Harvard Foundation Artist of the Year Award recognize Legend's efforts and leadership in this arena. John sits on the boards of The Education Equality Project, Teach for America, Stand for Children and the Harlem Village Academies and co-chairs the Harlem Village Academies’ National Leadership Board.
JOHN MAYER’S LATEST SINGLE “PAPER DOLL” AVAILABLE NOW FIRST SINGLE FROM FORTHCOMING NEW ALBUM PARADISE VALLEY (New York City, June 18, 2013) Grammy Award-winning singer, songwriter and musician John Mayer released “Paper Doll” today, the first single from his forthcoming Paradise Valley. Mayer first shared news of a new album through his tumblr blog on May 2. John is currently in the studio finishing the album, which he and longtime collaborator Don Was are producing. Was has worked on albums for acts such as the Rolling Stones, B.B. King and Bonnie Raitt. Columbia Records previously announced that Mayer will kick off his first tour in three years on July 6, in Milwaukee. The 40-stop U.S tour continues through early October, before heading to Europe for eight sold-out arena shows in four countries. Mayer hits South America for the first time—Buenos Aires, Sao Paulo and the Rock in Rio festival in Rio de Janeiro—in mid-September and all three shows are sold out. He will also be performing at Philadelphia’s annual Fourth of July Jam. Mayer will use the U.S. tour to both raise funds for and heighten awareness of the effects of post traumatic stress on our military veterans. One dollar from each tour ticket sold in the United States will go to the Northern California Institute for Research and Education. Mayer partnered with NCIRE two years ago to create programs that help veterans return to healthy and productive civilian lives. Mayer’s previous albums—Room for Squares, Heavier Things, Continuum, live album Where the Light Is, Battle Studies and Born and Raised—have sold 20 million copies worldwide combined. He has been honored with seven Grammy Awards and an additional 11 nominations. He has also been included in Time Magazine’s annual Time 100 list of the most influential contemporary thinkers, leaders, artists and entertainers, and twice been featured on the cover of Rolling Stone Magazine’s annual "Guitar" issue. Last year, he was honored in Washington, D.C. by the Recording Academy for his philanthropic work on behalf of both U.S. military veterans and young people interested in music. “Paper Doll” on iTunes: “Paper Doll” on Amazon:
BRITNEY SPEARS’ NEW SINGLE “OOH LA LA” RELEASED TODAY, BUNDLED WITH THE DEBUT SINGLE “VACATION” FROM BRAND NEW ARTIST G.R.L. THE SMURFS™ 2 (MUSIC FROM AND INSPIRED BY) TO BE RELEASED JULY 23RD FOR COLUMBIA PICTURES/SONY PICTURES ANIMATION’S FAMILY COMEDY “THE SMURFS™ 2” DUE OUT IN THEATERS JULY 31ST (Toronto, ON) – Earlier today, pop icon Britney Spears premiered her new single “Ooh La La” on “On Air With Ryan Seacrest.” The single is available today as a bundle with the debut single from brand new artist G.R.L. entitled “Vacation” via Kemosabe Kids/RCA Records. Both tracks will be featured on the soundtrack for Columbia Pictures/Sony Pictures Animation’s highly-anticipated family comedy The Smurfs™ 2 entitled, The Smurfs™ 2 (Music From and Inspired by), which will be released on July 23rd. For a limited time, “Ooh La La” and “Vacation” are available as a bundle offer at iTunes.ca. The soundtrack, The Smurfs™ 2 (Music From and Inspired by), will be available for pre order at itunes.ca today. “Ooh La La,” which will play over the end credits of the film, was written by Lukasz Gottwald (Dr. Luke), Joshua Coleman (Ammo), Henry Walter (Cirkut), Bonnie McKee, Jacob Kasher Hindlin (J Kash), Lola Blanc and Fransisca Hall, and produced by Dr. Luke, Ammo and Cirkut for Prescription Songs. G.R.L. is an extraordinarily talented and fresh five-some comprised of Simone Battle, Lauren Bennett, Emmalyn Estrada, Natasha Slayton, and Paula Van Oppen. Each member of the group possesses massive charisma and musical ability which shine through on “Vacation,” an irresistible summer anthem about going out with your girls and forgetting about the boys, co-written by hitmakers Dr. Luke and Max Martin as well as Bonnie McKee and Henry Walter and produced by Dr. Luke, Max Martin and Cirkut, with whom G.R.L. are recording their debut album for Dr. Luke’s record label Kemosabe. In The Smurfs™ 2, the sequel to Columbia Pictures/Sony Pictures Animation’s hybrid live action/animated family blockbuster comedy The Smurfs, the evil wizard Gargamel creates a couple of mischievous Smurf-like creatures called the Naughties that he hopes will let him harness the all-powerful, magical Smurf-essence. But when he discovers that only a real Smurf can give him what he wants, and only a secret spell that Smurfette knows can turn the Naughties into real Smurfs, Gargamel kidnaps Smurfette and brings her to Paris, where he has been winning the adoration of millions as the world¹s greatest sorcerer. It’s up to Papa, Clumsy, Grouchy, and Vanity to return to our time, reunite with their human friends Patrick and Grace Winslow, and rescue her! Will Smurfette, who has always felt different from the other Smurfs, find a new connection with the Naughties Vexy and Hackus – or will the Smurfs convince her that their love for her is True Blue? The film is directed by Raja Gosnell and produced by Jordan Kerner. The screenplay is by J. David Stem & David N. Weiss and Jay Scherick & David Ronn and Karey Kirkpatrick with a story by J. David Stem & David N. Weiss & Jay Scherick & David Ronn, Based on the Characters and Works of Peyo. The Smurfs 2, the sequel to the hit hybrid live action/animated film that took in over $560 million at the worldwide box office in 2011, is set to hit theaters on July 31, 2013. The Smurfs™ 2 Music From and Inspired by Track Listing 1. Britney Spears – “Ooh La La” 2. G.R.L. – “Vacation” 3. Becky G featuring Austin Mahone – “Magik 2.0” 4. Owl City – “Live It Up” 5. Sophia Black – “Everything Breaks” 6. Cady Groves – “Forget You” 7. Kiana Brown – “Hey Chica” 8. Nelly Furtado featuring Ace Primo – “High Life” 9. Buckwheat Zydeco – “Tutti Frutti” 10. Right Said Fred – “I’m Too Smurfy” About Britney Spears Multi-platinum, Grammy Award-winning pop icon Britney Spears is one of the most successful and celebrated entertainers in pop history. Her musical career boasts nearly 100 million albums sold worldwide and countless awards and accolades, including the 2011 MTV Video Vanguard Award and Billboard’s Best-Selling Female Artist of the Decade (1998-2008). Spears first captivated audiences with her first single “…Baby One More Time,” an international hit that is currently 14x Platinum in the U.S. So far, Spears has earned a total of five No.1 debut albums and 24 Top 40 songs in her career. Spears was last seen as a judge on FOX’s “The X-Factor” in the US and is currently featured on will.i.am 's hit song "Scream & Shout." Britney is currently working on her 8th studio album. About RCA Records RCA Records is a division of Sony Music Entertainment. RCA includes a diverse roster of internationally renowned artists representing all genres of music including Justin Timberlake, P!nk, Alicia Keys, Britney Spears, Foo Fighters, Kelly Clarkson, Usher, Kings Of Leon, Chris Brown, Christina Aguilera, Dave Matthews Band, Miley Cyrus, Pitbull, Ke$ha, R. Kelly, Jamie Foxx, Jennifer Hudson, D'Angelo, Fantasia, Monica, Buddy Guy, Brandy, The Strokes, Daughtry, Three Days Grace, Dido, Tool, Santana, Kirk Franklin, Fred Hammond, and Whitney Houston, among others; critically acclaimed and chart topping artists including Miguel, Ray LaMontagne, Anthony Hamilton, Jimmy Eat World, Marsha Ambrosius, Adam Lambert, Mike Posner, Gavin DeGraw, Hot Chelle Rae, Cage The Elephant and Jordin Sparks; burgeoning artists A$AP Rocky, Mikky Ekko, Walk The Moon, Elle Varner, Tom Odell, Becky G., Sammy Adams, 2AM Club, Elle King, K. Flay, Jacob Latimore and many more. About the Smurfs The story of the Smurfs - a property created by Peyo - started in 1958 with the creation of comic books which were later brought to both the big and small screen. Over the years, the little blue characters haven't just limited themselves to the page and the screen. They have inspired records and CDs that have sold millions of copies, entire collections of figurines and toys, and many more products. In all, more than 3,000 derived products have been produced and leading brands and companies have spread their messages worldwide with the help of the Smurfs. A multitude of new projects appear regularly, thus making the success of the Smurfs planetary! About Sony Pictures Entertainment Sony Pictures Entertainment (SPE) is a subsidiary of Sony Entertainment Inc., a subsidiary of Tokyo-based Sony Corporation. SPE's global operations encompass motion picture production, acquisition and distribution; television production, acquisition and distribution; television networks; digital content creation and distribution; operation of studio facilities; and development of new entertainment products, services and technologies. For additional information, go to . About Sony Pictures Animation Sony Pictures Animation produces a variety of animated entertainment for audiences around the world. The studio is following its worldwide comedy hits – the 2012 monster hit comedy Hotel Transylvania, the 2011 hybrid live action/animated blockbuster The Smurfs, and the 2009 mouth-watering Cloudy with a Chance of Meatballs – with The Smurfs 2 in July 2013, and Cloudy With A Chance of Meatballs 2 in September 2013. Sony Pictures Animation, in conjunction with Aardman Animations, has produced two critically acclaimed feature films: the CG-animated family comedy Arthur Christmas; and the Academy Award® nominated stop-frame animated high-seas adventure, The Pirates! Band of Misfits. In 2007, Surf's Up also received an Academy Award® nomination for Best Animated Feature Film. The division, whose first feature film Open Season led to a very successful movie franchise, turned 10 in 2012. Sony Pictures Animation is an operating unit of Sony Pictures Digital Productions. * Website: * Facebook: https://www.facebook.com/SONYPicturesAnimation * Twitter: * Tumblr: * YouTube: About Lafig Belgium S.A. Lafig Belgium is the owner of the rights to produce audio-visual works based on the Smurf universe and of the Smurf worldwide licensing rights (together with IMPS). Lafig Belgium is controlled by the heirs of Pierre Culliford, better known under his pseudonym Peyo, the author/creator of the Smurfs. For 50 years, the Culliford family has controlled the Smurf characters and all licenses worldwide. Britney Spears Official Website: www.britney.com G.R.L. Official Website: www.GRLNation.com The Smurfs™ 2 Official Motion Picture Website RCA Records Press Site: www.rcarecordspress.com
MADONNA AND DAUGHTER, LOLA, ANNOUNCE RITA ORA AS THE NEW FACE OF MATERIAL GIRL (New York, NY) June 12, 2013-- Madonna and her daughter, Lola confirmed today that Rita Ora has been cast as the new global face of their junior lifestyle brand, Material Girl. Ora, an internationally renowned singer and protégé of Jay-Z, will star in the brand’s global marketing campaign. The Fall 2013 advertising campaign will be unveiled in July. Madonna and Lola, commented, “Rita is a talented beauty but what really drew us to her is the confidence she oozes through her music and her unique sense of style. On stage or off, in photos or on the street - she's a magnet! This is what the Material Girl brand is all about!” Contrary to previous reports, Madonna and Rita met for the first time on Saturday, June 1st at the “Sound For Change” concert at London’s Twickenham Stadium. The Material Girl brand is available exclusively at Macy’s in the United States, The Bay in Canada, in Europe and Australia.
LAURA MVULA RETURNS TO NORTH AMERICA FOR HEADLINING TOUR DATES ‘SING TO THE MOON’ OUT NOW (Toronto, ON - June 12, 2013) – Immensely talented UK singer-songwriter Laura Mvula will return to North America for a string of headlining dates in September. After selling out New York’s Bowery Ballroom in May, she will kick off the run with a pair of dates in NYC at Le Poisson Rouge and Brooklyn’s Music Hall of Williamsburg, before heading off to Toronto, Philadelphia, Chicago, San Francisco, and ending at LA’s El Rey Theatre. Tickets for all dates will go on sale this Friday, June 14. Mvula’s performances both live and on her debut Sing To The Moon have met with amazing critical praise both in the US and at home in the UK. The New York Times said of her Bowery Ballroom performance “more akin to the recent wave of female singer-songwriters – Tune-Yards, Julianna Barwick, even Joanna Newsom—who shape whole, complex, tightly orchestrated musical worlds around their words… her songs here were full of tactile multipart harmonies and arrangements that allowed each instrument to breathe,” while Vogue called their Artist of the Week’s performance “a wall of sound that ensconces the audience in Mvula’s unique brand of soul/rock/gospel.” Sing To The Moon has been widely praised, from the Wall Street Journal’s assessment as “quietly yet forcefully brilliant… smart, sophisticated contemporary pop infused with a sense of bliss,” to People’s 4-star review that promises “with her enchanting, lushly arranged potion of neo-soul, orchestral pop and torchy jazz—plus a lovely lilt perhaps owing to her Caribbean roots—she’s the most likely to keep you spellbound,” to Pitchfork’s description of “a triumph of arrangement and melody… combine[s] earworm hooks with beautiful, uniquely shaped verses… Mvula's debut is filled with visceral and musical beauty.” Essence Magazine also selected Laura as One To Watch in 2013, and said that “[Mvula boasts] a velvet voice coupled with richly textured harmonies and lush orchestral arrangements,” and Entertainment Weekly included Mvula on their Must List, describing her as “[The Brits’] next great homegrown soulstress.” NPR has also been a huge early supporter, with All Things Considered raving that “it sounds like practically nothing else out there. It's not exactly pop or soul or jazz; it's all those things, yet it transcends those things… a debut that's ambitiously distinct and confident.” At home in the UK, the Daily Mail, the Daily Mirror, the Evening Standard, the Guardian, the Telegraph, and Metro all gave Sing To The Moon 4 stars and the Independent on Sunday gave the album 5 stars, and the Sunday Times selected it as their Album of the Week. She was also nominated for the 2013 BRITs Critics’ Choice Award and ranked fourth on the shortlist for the coveted BBC Sound of 2013. Mvula made her UK TV debut on The Graham Norton Show, where she performed the lively track “Green Garden,” and has also performed on Later… With Jools Holland and Alan Carr: Chatty Man. She recently completed a tour with Jessie Ware and will perform this summer on Glastonbury’s main Pyramid Stage. “Laura Mvula makes a stunning entrance on her debut album… The songs on Sing to the Moon chart boldly idiosyncratic paths.” –LA Times “Laura Mvula swings soul in a fresh direction.” –NY Daily News “There’s not a moment here that doesn’t captivate.” –San Francisco Chronicle “Laura Mvula is a commanding presence… Mvula grafts a potent, naturally dramatic sense of soul – the centerpiece to a perfect debut effort.” –Philadelphia Enquirer “She” video: “Green Garden” video: “That’s Alright” video: Sing To The Moon on iTunes: Sing To The Moon on Amazon: Laura Mvula North American Headlining Tour 9/4 Brooklyn, NY Music Hall of Williamsburg 9/5 New York, NY Le Poisson Rouge 9/7 Toronto, ON Mod Club 9/9 Philadelphia, PA World Cafe Live 9/13 Chicago, IL Martyrs 9/15 San Francisco, CA Yoshi’s Lounge 9/17 Los Angeles, CA El Rey
SELF-TITLED RECORD FROM THE CIVIL WARS TO BE RELEASED AUGUST 6 ON SENSIBILITY MUSIC/COLUMBIA RECORDS FIRST SINGLE “THE ONE THAT GOT AWAY” PREMIERES ALBUM PRE-ORDER NOW AVAILABLE The Civil Wars’ highly anticipated sophomore self-titled album will be released August 6 on Sensibility Music/Columbia Records. This is the follow up to the three-time Grammy Award-winning duo’s acclaimed debut, Barton Hollow, which is now certified RIAA Gold in the U.S. In advance of the release, the album’s first single, “The One That Got Away,” is now available to stream ( ) and purchase ( ). The album is also now available to pre-order. The Civil Wars was recorded in Nashville between August 2012 and January 2013. Charlie Peacock was once again at the helm as producer for the album. Additionally, Rick Rubin produced the duo’s performance for the track “I Had Me a Girl” in August of 2011. Peacock later completed the track by producing the instrumentation and mix. The album was recorded amidst a grueling touring schedule, exhausting workload and a growing disconnect from their families. Personal statements from band-members Joy Williams and John Paul White can be viewed at www.thecivilwars.com . The Civil Wars Track Listing: 1. The One That Got Away 2. I Had Me a Girl 3. Same Old Same Old 4. Dust to Dust 5. Eavesdrop 6. Devil’s Backbone 7. From This Valley 8. Tell Mama 9. Oh Henry 10. Disarm 11. Sacred Heart 12. D’Arline
MIKE POSNER RELEASES NEW SINGLE “THE WAY IT USED TO BE” TODAY NEW ALBUM “PAGES” COMING SOON (Toronto, ON) – Singer, songwriter and producer Mike Posner has released his new single “The Way It Used To Be” today. His sophomore album Pages (RCA Records) will be released later this year. The first single The Way It Used To Be was co-written by Mike Posner, Martin Johnson, Ammo and produced by Martin Johnson and Ammo. The single will impact radio in July and will be available at all digital providers tomorrow, June 11th. Listen to The Way It Used To Be here: . Watch the lyric video here: . Additionally, Mike Posner will be a special guest on Ke$ha’s Warrior Tour in August. Says Posner, "First of all, I'm so grateful for all the blessings and wonderful people in my life who have supported my creative process. I'm beyond excited to share "The Way It Used To Be" with the world. I love releasing music in the summer when the weather is beautiful and people are happy." Since the release of Posner’s major label debut 31 Minutes To Takeoff in August of 2010, he has been in the studio working on his own music as well as producing and writing with artists such as Justin Bieber (Boyfriend), Labrinth (Beneath Your Beautiful), as well as Big Sean, Wiz Khalifa, Snoop Dogg, 2 Chainz, and Sammy Adams. He has also traveled all over the world promoting his album and his three smash singles, the multi-platinum breakout hit “Cooler Than Me” (recorded in his dorm room), his top 10 follow up “Please Don’t Go” and “Bow Chicka Wow Wow” which featured Lil’ Wayne. Posner has performed on The Ellen DeGeneres Show, The Late Night with Jimmy Fallon, and many more. In March of 2009, Posner’s first mixtape A Matter of Time (recorded in his dorm room) rose to the #1 position on iTunesU, promptly garnering him the attention of major labels. After signing a deal with RCA Records that summer, Posner returned to Duke University to finish up his course load, all the while beginning work on his debut album, self-releasing his second free mixtape One Foot Out The Door through iTunesU and rocking shows every weekend at colleges and festivals across the country. Just a year after A Matter of Time reached #1 on iTunesU, his debut album 31 Minutes to Takeoff reached #1 on iTunes proper in the U.S. 25 year old Mike Posner hails from Detroit, MI and currently resides in Los Angeles, CA. Special Guest Mike Posner on Ke$ha’s Warrior Tour Dates: 08/09 Ke$ha with Mike Posner – Cleveland, OH – Jacobs Pavilion 08/12 Ke$ha with Mike Posner – Vienna, VA – Wolftrap 08/14 Ke$ha with Mike Posner – Raleigh, NC – Red Hat Amphitheater 08/15 Ke$ha with Mike Posner – Charlotte, NC – Uptown Amphitheater 08/18 Ke$ha with Mike Posner – Lincoln, NE – Pershing Center 08/19 Ke$ha with Mike Posner – Minneapolis, MN – Myth 08/21 Ke$ha with Mike Posner – Milwaukee, WI – Eagles Club 08/23 Ke$ha with Mike Posner – Uncasville, CT – Mohegan Sun 08/25 Ke$ha with Mike Posner – Canandaigua, NY – Marvin Sands Performing Arts Center 08/27 Ke$ha with Mike Posner – Columbus, OH – Lifestyle Communities Pavilion 08/30 Ke$ha with Mike Posner – Bangor, ME – Darling’s Waterfront Pavilion 08/31 Ke$ha with Mike Posner – Gilford, NH -- Meadowbrook US Cellular Pavilion
EMBLEM3 SET TO PERFORM ON GOOD MORNING AMERICA’S SUMMER CONCERT SERIES AND PRESENT AT THE 2013 TEEN CHOICE AWARDS BAND ANNOUNCES HEADLINE DATES AND WILL SUPPORT SELENA GOMEZ ON UPCOMING STARS DANCE TOUR DEBUT ALBUM NOTHING TO LOSE TO BE RELEASED THIS SUMMER (Toronto, ON – June 6, 2013) – X Factor breakout band Emblem3 is confirmed for a number of high profile TV appearances in the coming months. The band is set to perform hit single “Chloe (You’re The One I Want)” on ABC’s annual Good Morning America Summer Concert Series on Friday, June 7, joining a prestigious lineup that includes Mariah Carey, Jennifer Lopez, Alicia Keys, Demi Lovato, John Legend, Pitbull and Selena Gomez, who will all perform on the famed Central Park Stage this summer. Additionally, the band is confirmed to present at the 2013 Teen Choice Awards. The star-studded, two-hour event will air live Sunday, August 11 at 8:00PM ET / PT on FOX. Additional information can be found at and www.teenchoiceawards.com . Emblem3 will spend the summer on tour, having just announced a string of headline shows in early July (additional dates to be announced shortly). The band is also confirmed for a number of radio shows and fair dates before joining Selena Gomez on her Stars Dance tour across the US and Canada, which will begin on August 14 in Vancouver and run through the end of November . These dates follow April’s “Goin’ Back 2 Cali” tour, a cross-country roadtrip throughout the U.S. routing through 9 cities determined by a series of fan challenges. That tour followed a string of shows throughout February and March that sold out in under a minute, and saw Emblem3 adding multiple tour dates to their itinerary due to overwhelming demand from fans. For additional information and tour dates please visit . Emblem3’s debut album, Nothing To Lose, is set to be released this summer. The album, executive produced by award-winning songwriter and producer Savan Kotecha (Maroon 5, Usher, One Direction), will be available in deluxe and standard editions (see attached tracklistings) and includes hit single “Chloe (You’re The One I Want).” The track’s companion video debuted last week and can be viewed at . Emblem3 co-wrote much of the album, which features songwriting by Jack Antonoff of fun., Benji and Joel Madden of Good Charlotte and Max Martin (Taylor Swift, Maroon 5, Katy Perry). The album will be the first release on “Mr Kanani,” Savan Kotecha’s imprint on Syco Music through Columbia Records, and is available for pre-order at . Emblem3 are: brothers Wesley and Keaton Stromberg and lifelong friend Drew Chadwick. Nothing To Lose Tracklisting: 1) Just For One Day 2) Spaghetti 3) XO 4) Chloe (You’re The One I Want) 5) Girl next door 6) Nothing to Lose 7) Love LA Sunset Blvd 9) 3000 Miles 10) Teenage Kings 11) One Day 12) Do It All Again* 13) I Wish* 14) Jaiden (Live)* 15) Reason (Live)* *Deluxe version only Connect with Emblem3: www.emblem3.com/ www.twitter.com/emblemthree www.facebook.com/emblemthree www.instagram.com/emblemthree
LITTLE MIX MAKE HISTORY WITH THE TOP UK GIRL GROUP DEBUT EVER X FACTOR UK WINNER’S DEBUT ALBUM DNA DEBUTS TOP 5 ON THE BILLBOARD 200 ALBUM CHART AND THE CANADA NIELSEN SOUNDSCAN TOP ALBUM CHART (Toronto, ON– June 5, 2013) – Little Mix soar into the top 5 of the US Billboard 200 album chart, and the Canada Nielsen Soundscan Top Album Chart, with their debut album DNA selling 50,000 copies in the US and nearly 5,000 in Canada, entering the chart at No. 4 in both countries. The band makes chart history as the first ever British girl group to debut in the top 5 with their debut album release, surpassing the Spice Girls’ US record with their debut album SPICE entering the charts at No. 6 in 1997 and Canadian charts at 54. Globally, DNA has entered the top 5 in 7 countries and Little Mix has sold over 2 million records worldwide. The album features the hot summer single “Wings,” which reached a cumulative total of 120 million in radio audience. Views of the music video for “Wings” have surpassed 51 million on VEVO . “Wings” has become a pop culture hit and was featured in the season finale of FOX’s hit show GLEE, as well as covered by the final 4 contestants on this season’s American Idol. The top 5 debut is truly a testament to the power of the bands’ social reach and the rabid fanbase of thousands who showed up to the Mixer Magnet in-store signing across the US. Around the world, Little Mix fans have used online platforms such as Twitter, Tumblr and Facebook to create a global phenomenon and inspire a generation of Mixer-mania. Little Mix will make their US television debut on ABC’s Good Morning America annual Summer Concert Series on New York City’s prestigious Central Park Stage this Friday June 7th. The group will perform their hit single “Wings” and join a stellar line up of superstars who are set to take the stage this summer including Mariah Carey, Jennifer Lopez, Alicia Keys, Demi Lovato, John Legend, Pitbull and Selena Gomez. For free tickets and more information visit: . On June 10th, they will perform on ABC’s Live with Kelly & Michael and head to Piscataway, NJ later that day for an in-store signing with Seventeen Magazine, where they appear on the 2013 June/July cover (see below for full list of signings). Little Mix are Jesy Nelson, Perrie Edwards, Leigh-Anne Pinncok and Jade Thirlwall. All four girls auditioned for THE X FACTOR UK in 2011 as solo artists. However, at the suggestion of judge and mentor Tulisa Contostavlos they joined forces to become Little Mix, X FACTOR’s first ever victorious group. Having captured the hearts and minds of the UK with their winning chemistry, musical sensibility and breath-taking vocal prowess, the girls nabbed two consecutive No. 1 single’s with their debut UK single “Cannonball” and “Wings,” and are now preparing to conquer America with their old school pop and R&B sound. In the past year, Little Mix have amassed a dedicated and loyal fan base with over 132 million cumulative VEVO views, 1.6 million Facebook fans and over 3.2 million twitter followers. Check out the first episode of DNA in America here: Little Mix in the USA: DNA Diaries - Episode 1 DNA is available now iTunes: “Wings” available digitally now iTunes: MEET LITTLE MIX June 8th, 2013- San Francisco, CA June 9th, 2013- Los Angeles, CA June 10th, 2013- Piscataway, NJ Full details here: https://www.facebook.com/LittleMixOfficial/events For more info visit
MILEY CYRUS FIRST SINGLE "WE CAN'T STOP" OUT NOW NEW ALBUM COMING FALL 2013 (Toronto -ON) - Global superstar Miley Cyrus has released "We Can't Stop", the first single off her forthcoming RCA Records debut album. Listen to "We Can't Stop" here: . Co-written by Miley, along with Mike Will and Rock City and produced by Mike Will, "We Can't Stop" impacts radio today and is available at all digital retail providers. Miley has been in the studio working on her still untitled RCA Records debut which is due out later this year. Collaborating with renowned producers and songwriters such as Mike Will, Pharrell, Future, Dr. Luke and will.i.am , this album marks a creative evolution for Miley. Miley Cyrus is a world renowned entertainer with record breaking success in film, television and music. She is a multiplatinum recording artist and has sold over 12 million albums and 20 million tracks in the US alone. www.mileycyrus.com Twitter:@mileycyrus www.facebook.com/mileycyrus Stream on VEVO: Stream on Soundcloud: Download on iTunes: Download on AmazonMP3:
DAFT PUNK'S RANDOM ACCESS MEMORIES DEBUTS AT #1 ON ALBUM CHARTS ACROSS THE WORLD RANDOM ACCESS MEMORIES SELLS AN IMPRESSIVE 339,000 COPIES IN THE US AND 46,000 COPIES IN CANADA RANDOM ACCESS MEMORIES SELLS OVER A MILLION COPIES WORLDWIDE IN DEBUT WEEK (Wednesday, May 29, 2013) – Internationally, the album hit the #1 spot on digital charts in 97 countries, dominated UK charts to become the fastest selling album of 2013 and had the biggest first week album sales in France since 2007, where the album is already triple platinum. In Canada, Random Access Memories is the highest debut so far in 2013, with the #1 digital album and the #1 album in every province. Daft Punk also earned their first official #1 album in multiple countries including the US, Germany, Australia and Japan. The album is also officially #1 in France, Switzerland, Spain, Austria, Mexico, Italy, Belgium, Spain and others. In the US, Random Access Memories sold 339,000 copies, with the vinyl version becoming the biggest selling vinyl album in SoundScan’s LP Vinyl chart history. Random Access Memories is the first album in Billboard’s Electronic/Dance Song chart history to have every song debut simultaneously. Incredible public demand for the album not only led to unprecedented album sales and radio charting, but also to a steady stream of critical acclaim from media worldwide including features in The Wall Street Journal, The Globe and Mail, Billboard, The New York Times, NME, Rolling Stone, Time, The New Yorker and many more. “Get Lucky,” the first single from Random Access Memories immediately shot to the top of charts all over the world- selling 2.5 million digital tracks worldwide to date. It is the biggest selling single of 2013 in the UK, and the song is # 1 on national airplay charts across the globe. In the US, “Get Lucky” has garnered airplay across seven different formats of radio. The new 13 track album from the French duo, their first since 2005’s Human After All, features collaborations with Pharrell Williams, Julian Casablancas, Panda Bear, Nile Rodgers, Giorgio Moroder, Paul Williams, Todd Edwards, Chilly Gonzales, and DJ Falcon, amongst others. SELECT PRESS QUOTES: "EDM is MIA as dance gods turn back the clock with a spacy, star-packed blow out... Random Access Memories is full of WTF moments... orbiting somewhere between Pink Floyd's ‘Dark Side of the Moon’ and Earth, Wind and Fire's ‘That's The Way Of The World’... Its brilliance is often irrefutable" - ROLLING STONE “A headphones album in an age of radio singles; a bravura live performance that stands out against pro forma knob-twiddling ... It's also quite moving; melancholy runs through every song.” – ENTERTAINMENT WEEKLY "By the time you make it to the album’s astonishing final stretch, it’s hard not to think that Daft Punk have succeeded at what they set out to do." - PITCHFORK RANDOM ACCESS MEMORIES – AVAILABLE NOW iTUNES -
Emilio Fina’s Debut Album O Sole Mio In Stores June 18, 2013 Produced by Gemini Award winning Glenn Morley with help from internationally acclaimed vocal coach Elaine Overholt (Toronto, Ontario- May 24, 2013) Sony Music Entertainment Canada Inc. is proud to announce the release of Emilio Fina’s debut album O Sole Mio on June 18, 2013. Emilio appeared on Canada’s Got Talent and quickly won the hearts of viewers across the country with his mesmerizing voice and touching story. Produced by Gemini Award winning composer, producer and musical director Glenn Morley (Amy Sky, Gino Vannelli) with help from internationally acclaimed vocal coach Elaine Overholt (Chicago, Hairspray), O Sole Mio features a colourful array of tracks that reflect Emilio’s vocal diversity and range. “Emilio Fina deserves to be heard by the world. His deep passion and soulfulness in each song is paired with a very fine, natural voice and his commitment, and stamina, in the recording studio was incredible!” said Elaine Overholt. The title and lead track off the album, “O Solo Mio,” features Airbourne 11, a group of Emilio’s Air Canada colleagues from Toronto Pearson, with whom he previously performed with on the reality show Canada Sings. “O Sole Mio,” along with the Neapolitan classics “Torna A Surriento,” “Santa Lucia,” and “Mattinata,” pay homage to Emilio’s Italian roots and provide a fresh take on the country’s rich musical heritage. The group, Airboune 11, also appear on “Blue Spanish Eyes.” Growing up in Brampton, Ontario, Emilio first learned to sing in the choir at church. It was there where he fell in love with the beautiful melodies and emotive lyrics in spiritual hymns. For his debut album, Emilio selected two of his favourites, “Ave Maria” and “Panis Angelicus,” inviting Evan Chang, a boy soprano from his church in Kitchener, to join him on the latter. As founding director of two opera companies, Brampton Lyric Opera and Opera Kitchener, Emilio directed, produced, and promoted numerous stage productions. Emilio believes West Side Story and Les Misérables represent the best that Broadway has to offer and is excited to showcase three iconic songs from those two musicals on O Sole Mio. Performing the role of Maria in his recording of West Side Story’s “Somewhere” is opera star Teiya Kasahara, whom Emilio previously featured at his opera company, Opera Kitchener. A classically trained tenor, O Sole Mio also features Emilio’s powerful voice in the opera classics “Au fond du temple saint” with Mark Gardner, “Una furtiva lagrima,” “E lucevan le stele,” “O soave faniulla” with Teiya Kasahara, and “Nessun dorma.” “In a crowded field of Tenors, Emilio stands out for his deep intuitive understanding of these classic songs that is fresh, authentic, and exciting.” -Glenn Morley O Sole Mio Track List O Sole Mio (feat. Airborne 11) Torna A Surriento Santa Lucia Mattinata Ave Maria Panis Angelicus with Evan Chang Blue Spanish Eyes (feat. Neil Kristian & Airborne 11) Maria (from West Side Story) Somewhere with Teiya Kasahara (from West Side Story) Bring Him Home (from Les Misérables) Au fond du temple saint with Mark Gardner (from The Pearl Fishers by Bizet) Una furtiva lagrima (from L’Elisir D’Amore by Donizetti) E lucevan le stelle (from Tosca by Puccini) O soave fanciulla with Teiya Kasahara (from La Bohème by Puccini) Nessun dorma (from Turandot by Puccini) For more information, please visit: www.facebook.com/emiliofina https://twitter.com/EmilioFina
GRAMMY NOMINATED HIP HOP ARTIST J. COLE MOVES FORTHCOMING SOPHOMORE ALBUM BORN SINNER UP ONE WEEK TO COMPETE WITH KANYE WEST ALBUM AVAILABLE ON DIGITAL RETAILERS AND IN STORES ON JUNE 18TH PRE-ORDER AVAILABLE NOW J. COLE PERFORMED SELF-PRODUCED SINGLE “POWER TRIP” FEATURING MIGUEL ON LATE NIGHT WITH JIMMY FALLON Single Sells GOLD in the U.S. with Over 500,000 Units Sold May 23, 2013 - NEW YORK, NY – GRAMMY-Nominated Roc Nation/Columbia artist J. Cole has boldly moved his hotly anticipated sophomore album Born Sinner release date up one week to June 18th in order for his release to coincide with Kanye West. In addition to the standard version of the album, which boasts 16 tracks, J. Cole will also release a deluxe version, which features 21 tracks. Both the standard version and deluxe version of Born Sinner will be readily available at all digital retailers and in stores across the nation now on June 18th, rather than the original release date of June 25th. “New legends,” says J. Cole, in reference to moving up the release date of Born Sinner. Pre-orders for Born Sinner, both standard and deluxe versions, are now available. Fans can purchase online here: www.smarturl.it/bornsinnerDLX www.smarturl.it/bornsinner J. Cole also revealed the cover artwork for both the standard and deluxe versions of Born Sinner. Stark yet stunning, the imagery, created by artists Hugo & Marie, depicts the seven deadly sins for the standard version and a devil figure for the deluxe version. J. Cole released the album artwork on the heels of the launch of BornSinner.com, a striking digital platform that features audio and visual documentary style stories of the people who have been significant and instrumental in shaping J. Cole’s life as an artist, producer and person. The first single from Born Sinner, the self-produced “Power Trip” featuring Grammy Award winner Miguel, is his fastest selling single yet, and has already sold Gold in the States with over 500,000 units sold to date. The single, which premiered in the U.S. on Clear Channel Media & Entertainment radio stations, is fast approaching #1 on the Mediabase Rhythm Chart and is Top 10 on the Mediabase Urban Chart, currently commanding over 55 million per week in multi-format radio audience. Purchase “Power Trip” featuring Miguel: EXPLICIT: smarturl.it/powertrip CLEAN: smarturl.it/powertripclean The accompanying video for “Power Trip” featuring Miguel, creative directed by J. Cole and co-directed by Nabil and Mike Piscitelli, has also proven to be a fan favourite right out of the gate, having amassed over 7 million views on VEVO. The video is currently in rotation on MTV, MTV2, MTV Hits, MTV Jams, Fuse and BET. View “Power Trip” ft. Miguel: Marking his first late night television solo performance, J. Cole performed “Power Trip” on Late Night With Jimmy Fallon this week with Fallon’s house band, The Roots. View Late Night With Jimmy Fallon performance: www.smarturl.it/ColeFallon Born Sinner is the follow up to Cole’s commercially and critically acclaimed debut album Cole World: The Sideline Story. An auspicious first full body of work, the album, released in fall 2011, debuted at #1 on the Billboard charts, having sold over 217,000 copies in its first week. Praised by national publications such as Rolling Stone, Entertainment Weekly and USA Today, Cole went on to garner a Grammy nomination for Best New Artist. For more information on J. Cole, please visit www.bornsinner.com , www.jcolemusic.com , www.Dreamvillain.net , www.RocNation.com and www.columbiarecords.com .
Kenny Chesney Joins “Katie Couric” May 13 Almost Entire Show Devoted to Life On A Rock, Spread the Love Fund New York: There are few people in the world as driven as Kenny Chesney, who released Life On A Rock and launched Blue Chair Bay Rum last week, while knee deep in his No Shoes Nation 2013 Tour that includes 19 NFL Stadiums. But in the takes-one-to-know-one department journalist/talk show host/activist/mother of two, Katie Couric sought her own level of accomplishment when she spent almost the entire show catching up with her friend and fellow make-it-happener, due to air May 13th. “Katie is so smart, and so good,” Chesney says of the woman whose talk show received multiple Emmy nominations in its first season. “When you talk to her, you can tell she doesn’t just understand, she gets it… and that makes you want to really talk to her. That kind of interviewing is rare, and I’m so glad we were able to make it happen.” The show, which also features two segments of First Responders in the Boston Marathon Bombing and a mother/daughter who were both injured, focuses on Chesney’s Spread The Love Fund, earmarked to help the injured get prosthetics and related care, the inspiration behind his deeply reflective Life On A Rock, taste-testing Blue Chair Bay Rum and discussing work ethic, achievement and the things that make life matter. “Meeting the firemen and policemen, EMTs and the doctor who was running the Marathon and broke through the police barricade to treat the injured,” the songwriter says, “was really a profound perspective giver. You look at those people, who didn’t think about their own safety, but helping others – and you realize what a hero really is!” He also performed a stripped down version of Rock’s “Spread The Love” with guitarists Kenny Greenberg and Clayton Mitchell, the song the Wailers had recorded in Jamaica they asked Chesney to write lyrics for. Chesney’s portion of the money from all downloads of “Spread The Love” will go to the Spread the Love Fund. www.bmc.org/kenny “Katie is so generous to let us come on her show,” Chesney continues. “Not just to talk about life and music, but to talk about the Spread the Love Fund. She knows she can make a difference, and that’s just the kind of person she is.” Meanwhile, Chesney’s No Shoes Nation Tour hits Dallas May 11 at Cowboys Stadium. With a full slate of dates, through August 23-24’s closing stand at Foxboro, MA’s Gillette Stadium, the man with 24 #1s is again bringing the summer alive across the nation. The Boston Globe raved about his latest, “Chesney returns to that reflective, often acoustic place for Life On A Rock, and again hits a high-water mark,” while The Chicago Tribune opined, “the country superstar turns down the volume to offer a quieter and more contemplative meditation on sand and sea” and Billboard proclaimed, “Kenny Chesney’s Life On A Rock is surely the most personal work he’s ever done, and time will likely prove it to be among his best-loved by fans.”
JUSTIN TIMBERLAKE TO KICK OFF THE 20/20 EXPERIENCE WORLD TOUR STARTING OCTOBER 31 GRAMMY® AND EMMY® AWARD-WINNING ARTIST’S FIRST HEADLINING TOUR IN SIX YEARS WILL VISIT CITIES THROUGHOUT NORTH AMERICA, EUROPE, AUSTRALIA AND SOUTH AMERICA THE JOURNEY WITH TIMBERLAKE’S THE 20/20 EXPERIENCE FEATURING 10 NEW SONGS WILL CONTINUE WITH WORLDWIDE RELEASE ON SEPTEMBER 30 (Los Angeles) – One of this generation’s most-celebrated entertainers, Justin Timberlake, announced today he will kick off The 20/20 Experience World Tour starting this year on October 31. After dominating the global charts with the release of his acclaimed new album, The 20/20 Experience, Timberlake will bring his electrifying live shows to fans with a worldwide tour that will run through 2014. The Grammy® and Emmy® Award-winning artist’s first tour in six years will visit dozens of countries throughout North America, Europe, South America and Australia. The 20/20 Experience World Tour is promoted worldwide by Live Nation Global Touring. Justin also revealed today the musical journey started on The 20/20 Experience will continue with the worldwide release of the new album on September 30, 2013. The 20/20 Experience World Tour will kick off in North America starting on October 31 in Montreal, Quebec at the Bell Centre with dates lined up for Las Vegas, Dallas, Houston, Phoenix, Atlanta and more. On-sale dates for this tour will be staggered with tickets for several shows going on sale starting on May 13 at 10 AM local time. Justin Timberlake’s all-new fan club, The Tennessee Kids (#TNKids), will have access to a pre-sale starting on May 7 at 10 AM local time. Fans should visit www.justintimberlake.com/tennesseekids to register for the fan club and receive a special code to access the pre-sale. A pre-sale for MasterCard cardholders will begin on May 8 at 10 AM local time. Cardholders will also have access to exclusive after shows in select markets as a part of the MasterCard Priceless Cities program. Fans should visit www.priceless.com/justintimberlake for more information. A full list of cities, venues and public on-sale dates is listed below. For the latest information regarding pre-sale and on-sale dates, please visit www.justintimberlake.com or www.livenation.com . Hashtag: #JT2020TOUR The 20/20 Experience, already hailed by critics as one of the year’s best albums, will continue with a second worldwide release this year on September 30. Written and produced by Justin, the epic album will feature 10 all new songs that explore the sonic boundaries fans discovered with the music found on this year’s earlier release. Justin’s first album in 7 years, The 20/20 Experience, has been certified Double Platinum in the United States and is the year’s fastest selling album. It also earned Justin the biggest first week sales for a male artist in five years along with the third biggest digital debut in SoundScan history ranking just behind Lady Gaga and Taylor Swift. After its release, the critically-hailed album immediately soared to the #1 spot in the United States, United Kingdom, Germany, Canada, Australia, New Zealand, Ireland, Switzerland and across Asia. It spent a rare three weeks at #1 in both the United States and United Kingdom and has so far produced two chart-topping singles with ‘Suit & Tie’ and ‘Mirrors.’ Internationally, the album hit the #1 spot on iTunes in 93 countries, stormed the UK charts to become the biggest debut of 2013 and earned Justin his first #1 album in Germany. It also shattered iTunes records to become the fastest-selling album worldwide in their history. The long-awaited release became one of Target’s top three best-selling albums in the past decade, topping first week sales of his last release FutureSex/LoveSounds. It also led Timberlake to become Target’s biggest selling male artist since 2002. This year, Timberlake has made a series of headline-making appearances including well-received live performances during this year’s Grammy Awards and the Brit Awards in the UK, an interview on the long-running The Jonathan Ross Show in London and a performance and interview on Germany’s popular program called Wetten Dass. He also delivered a ratings-busting hosting gig on Saturday Night Live where he helped the show reach a 14-month high in audience numbers and did a week-long guest spot on Late Night With Jimmy Fallon where ratings were driven up 33% over last year among the coveted 18-34 demographic. Justin’s performances including several comedy sketches were often the most talked about events the following day and week earning praise from media across the world. He also delivered solid ratings for The Ellen DeGeneres Show in April where, for the first time in the show’s 10 year history, someone was both their sole guest and musical performer. Timberlake was honored this year by TIME Magazine as an Icon on their influential Time 100 List. In addition to The 20/20 Experience World Tour, fans will be able to see more of Justin Timberlake live when he and JAY Z kick off their Legends Of The Summer Stadium Tour in Toronto, Ontario on July 17 that will take the musical heavyweights to 12 cities across North America. On July 10, Timberlake will perform at Phoenix Park in Dublin, Ireland. He will headline the sold-out Wireless Festival in London on July 12 and will take the festival stage with JAY Z two days later on July 14. Timberlake is also a headliner at the Rock In Rio Festival on September 15 and will guest host the Capital FM Summertime Bash in London on June 9 at Wembley Stadium.
WALKING PAPERS ANNOUNCE CANADIAN TOUR DATES BAND TO TOUR WITH MONSTER TRUCK BEGINNING DECEMBER 4 IN VANCOUVER Toronto, ON-(October 16, 2013) – Seattle’s Walking Papers, the much-buzzed-about new band featuring rock luminaries Duff McKagan (Guns N’ Roses, Velvet Revolver), Barrett Martin (Screaming Trees, Mad Season), Jeff Angell and Benjamin Anderson (both of The Missionary Position) have announced a Canadian tour that kicks off December 4 at the Commodore Ballroom in Vancouver, B.C. The band will be supporting Hamilton, Ontario-based quartet Monster Truck. Walking Papers are touring in support of their critically acclaimed self-titled debut, which was recorded in Seattle and mixed by veteran producer Jack Endino (Soundgarden, Nirvana, Mudhoney). The album features a guest appearance by Pearl Jam guitarist Mike McCready, who played on “I’ll Stick Around” and lead single “The Whole World’s Watching.” The band recently released a concert performance for the latter, which can be seen at Walking Papers - "The Whole World's Watching" Live at the Moore Theater in Seattle . Over the course of the past several weeks, Walking Papers have been featured in the LA Times, Rolling Stone, Billboard, the Village Voice, USA Today and on Grammy.com, among others. In a review of the album, USA Today wrote, “Sometimes an album sounds nothing like you expect yet still blows you away. That’s the case with the self-titled debut from Seattle-based Walking Papers.” The band recently wrapped a second stage headlining run on the Uproar Tour, where they toured North America alongside Alice In Chains and Jane’s Addiction over the course of the past several weeks. Guitarist/vocalist Jeff Angell and drummer Barrett Martin formed the band last year and played their first shows in Seattle as a duo. They became a trio when bassist Duff McKagan joined and a quartet with the addition of keyboardist Benjamin Anderson. Angell and Martin also served as the album’s co-producers. Walking Papers show that a great song can be conveyed with thundering drums, rumbling bass, and a howling guitar just as easily as it can with percolating marimbas and shimmering vibraphone. The songs on this album can stand alone as individual stories, but taken together as a whole, they convey a much larger narrative with tales of wandering souls, the collisions of will, and the dark beauty of the American heart.
PROTEST THE HERO RELEASE LYRIC VIDEO FOR “A LIFE EMBOSSED” Due to the overwhelming response to the lyric video for the track “Clarity” from their forthcoming album Volition, Protest The Hero today release a lyric video for one of the more socially conscious songs on the album, “A Life Embossed.” Lead singer Rody Walker, who wrote the lyrics for the track says, “The boys in PTH are long time dog lovers, it has come to our attention that there's injustice afoot! Our home of Ontario Canada is the largest territory in all the world to pass legislation that discriminates against a specific breed of dog. This is a worldwide issue that the band is incredibly disturbed by. The song and video for "A Life Embossed" attempts to draw much needed attention to an issue that affects all dog lovers alike.” The link for the clip is Protest The Hero - A Life Embossed (Official Lyric Video) Volition will be released October 29th with a world tour to follow starting November 7th in Ottawa, Canada. Volition is available for pre-order on iTunes here: . Volition is also available for preorder at protestthero.merchnow.com . protestthehero.ca https://www.facebook.com/protestthehero -30-
MILEY CYRUS’ BANGERZ DEBUTS AT #1 IN CANADA BANGERZ DEBUTS AT #1 ON BOTH THE BILLBOARD TOP 200 ALBUM CHARTS AND DIGITAL ALBUM CHARTS WITH OVER 270K ALBUMS SOLD IN THE U.S. BANGERZ HITS #1 ON ITUNES IN OVER 70 COUNTRIES (Toronto, ON) - Miley Cyrus’ critically acclaimed new album Bangerz (RCA Records) debuts at #1 on the Nielsen Soundscan Sales Chart in Canada and on both the Billboard Top 200 Album chart and the Digital Album Charts with over 270k albums sold in the U.S. Additionally, during release week, Bangerz hit #1 on iTunes in over 70 countries. This marks Miley’s second #1 album and biggest sales week (outside of Hannah Montana properties) since 2008. Bangerz also debuted at #1 in Australia, Ireland and the UK where Miley currently has a double #1 with “Wrecking Ball” hitting the top slot on the UK singles charts. Bangerz debuted top 10 in at least a dozen other markets including New Zealand, Austria, Germany, Switzerland, Holland, Belgium, Argentina, Portugal, Sweden and more. Miley also sold 426,000 tracks from her album last week placing 14 songs on the Top 200 Digital Songs Chart in the U.S. Bangerz has been getting rave reviews including Entertainment Weekly calling it “…utterly fresh, a pop blitz from a hip-hop blueprint, and proof that Miley won't settle for just shocking us.” US Weekly declared it “the year's most titillating pop explosion.” And gave the album “4 stars (out of 4)” Both singles, “Wrecking Ball” and “We Can’t Stop”, off Bangerz have already sold 4.3 million copies in the US alone. “Wrecking Ball” hit #1 on the Billboard Hot 100 and stayed there for two weeks. It became Miley’s first Billboard Hot 100 #1 and her fastest-flying top 10 on Radio Songs. Miley reached the U.S. Radio Songs top 10 twice before, both times in 2009, with the No. 7-peaking “The Climb,” which took 12 weeks to enter the region, and the No. 8 hit “Party In The U.S.A.” In Canada “We Can’t Stop” hit #4 on the Mediabase CHR chart and “Wrecking Ball” is closing in on #1 on the Mediabase CHR and Hot AC charts. Miley has been on a worldwide promotional campaign to support the release of Bangerz with raved about performances, sketches and interviews on Saturday Night Live, The Today Show, Late Night With Jimmy Fallon and Ellen. NBC recently announced that Miley’s double duty as host and musical performer on SNL was the highest rated show since Justin Timberlake’s appearance in March. “Wrecking Ball” also hit #1 on Spotify where it reached the highest streams ever for any track in the US beating the next highest week by nearly 500 thousand plays. This exciting news came just two days after her music video for "Wrecking Ball" became the fastest music video ever to reach CERTIFIED status, VEVO's milestone for videos delivering 100 million views in only 6 days. Cyrus shattered the previous record which she held for “We Can’t Stop,” which was CERTIFIED by VEVO just 37 days after it premiered. Due to this success, VEVO will be honoring Miley’s "We Can't Stop," "Wrecking Ball," "Party in the U.S.A.," "Can't Be Tamed" and "7 Things" videos for passing the 100 million milestone. They will also include new exclusive interviews with Miley where she will talk about the making of these videos, her relationship with her fans and much more. Miley's CERTIFIED campaign kicks off across VEVO later this month. Miley Cyrus is a world renowned entertainer with record breaking success in film, television and music. She is a multiplatinum recording artist and has sold over 12 million albums and 20 million tracks in the US alone. www.mileycyrus.com Twitter:@mileycyrus www.facebook.com/mileycyrus
WALKING PAPERS ANNOUNCE CANADIAN TOUR DATES BAND TO TOUR WITH MONSTER TRUCK BEGINNING DECEMBER 4 IN VANCOUVER Toronto, ON-(October 16, 2013) – Seattle’s Walking Papers, the much-buzzed-about new band featuring rock luminaries Duff McKagan (Guns N’ Roses, Velvet Revolver), Barrett Martin (Screaming Trees, Mad Season), Jeff Angell and Benjamin Anderson (both of The Missionary Position) have announced a Canadian tour that kicks off December 4 at the Commodore Ballroom in Vancouver, B.C. The band will be supporting Hamilton, Ontario-based quartet Monster Truck. Walking Papers are touring in support of their critically acclaimed self-titled debut, which was recorded in Seattle and mixed by veteran producer Jack Endino (Soundgarden, Nirvana, Mudhoney). The album features a guest appearance by Pearl Jam guitarist Mike McCready, who played on “I’ll Stick Around” and lead single “The Whole World’s Watching.” The band recently released a concert performance for the latter, which can be seen at Walking Papers - "The Whole World's Watching" Live at the Moore Theater in Seattle . Over the course of the past several weeks, Walking Papers have been featured in the LA Times, Rolling Stone, Billboard, the Village Voice, USA Today and on Grammy.com, among others. In a review of the album, USA Today wrote, “Sometimes an album sounds nothing like you expect yet still blows you away. That’s the case with the self-titled debut from Seattle-based Walking Papers.” The band recently wrapped a second stage headlining run on the Uproar Tour, where they toured North America alongside Alice In Chains and Jane’s Addiction over the course of the past several weeks. Guitarist/vocalist Jeff Angell and drummer Barrett Martin formed the band last year and played their first shows in Seattle as a duo. They became a trio when bassist Duff McKagan joined and a quartet with the addition of keyboardist Benjamin Anderson. Angell and Martin also served as the album’s co-producers. Walking Papers show that a great song can be conveyed with thundering drums, rumbling bass, and a howling guitar just as easily as it can with percolating marimbas and shimmering vibraphone. The songs on this album can stand alone as individual stories, but taken together as a whole, they convey a much larger narrative with tales of wandering souls, the collisions of will, and the dark beauty of the American heart.
MAGIC! SIGNS WITH SONY MUSIC INTERNATIONAL VIA LATIUM ENTERTAINMENT NEW SINGLE “RUDE” HITS RADIO SOON; LYRIC VIDEO OUT NOW October 11th, 2013 – Toronto, ON – With a global smash single ready to hit the charts, MAGIC!, has signed with Sony Music International through Latium Entertainment. The relationship and deal was orchestrated by Edgar Berger, President/CEO of Sony Music International and Shane Carter, President, Sony Music Entertainment Canada, and does not only involve recording, but also touring and branding opportunities. Composed of Nasri (lead vocals), Mark Pelli (guitar), Alex Tanas (drums) and Ben Spivak (bass), MAGIC!, is a reggae-pop quartet from Toronto, Canada. The band itself is not new to the business, made up of members who were already well immersed in the music world. MAGIC! lead singer, Nasri, songwriter on the Grammy award winning album F.A.M.E. by Chris Brown and one-half of the Messengers, the songwriting team who have composed hit songs for artists such as Justin Bieber, Pitbull, and Chris Brown. Their new single “Rude” impacts rhythmic and pop radio shortly. The “Rude” lyric video is out now and the band has just completed tour stops with Matisyahu in the U.S. “We are thrilled MAGIC! has been signed to the Sony International family. MAGIC!’s raw energy and proven song-writing ability has mass commercial appeal and has potential to cross borders and be recognized on the worldwide stage,” says Shane Carter, President, Sony Music Entertainment Canada. “The international signing of MAGIC! is another step, as Canadian talent continues to be heard on a global scale.” “Every great band of our generation is led by a songwriter,” says Charles Chavez, CEO of Latium Entertainment. “After one listen, I envisioned the global trajectory of the music. Nasri’s ability to craft timeless pop songs plus the musicality of each member of the band, I feel is simply MAGIC!” "Its a dream come true!” says MAGIC! lead singer Nasri. “Being signed to Sony Music International gives us a shot of being a global band. We’re ready, the label believes in us – so let’s go!” ### Latium Entertainment is an international full service music entertainment, marketing and recording company with a focus on management and artist development. Founded in 1999 by Charles Chavez, the Los Angeles based company includes a diverse roster of global artists including Pitbull, Frankie J, Danny Mercer, Adam Irigoyen and MAGIC! About Sony Music Entertainment Sony Music Entertainment is a global recorded music company with a current roster that includes a broad array of both local artists and international superstars. The company boasts a vast catalog that comprises some of the most important recordings in history. It is home to premier record labels representing music from every genre, including Arista Nashville, Beach Street, Bystorm Entertainment, Columbia Nashville, Columbia Records, Day 1, Descendant Records,Epic Records, Essential Records, Essential Worship, Fo Yo Soul Recordings, Kemosabe Records, Legacy Recordings, MASTERWORKS, Polo Grounds, RCA Inspiration,RCA Nashville, RCA Records, Reunion Records, Sony Classical, Sony Music Latin, Star Time International, Syco Music, Vested in Culture and Volcano. Sony Music Entertainment is a wholly owned subsidiary of Sony Corporation of America. Social Channels: Facebook: Instagram: Youtube: Twitter: Website: Lyric video for the single “Rude” MAGIC! - Rude Soundcloud link to the single “Rude”
DAVID BOWIE 'LOVE IS LOST' (HELLO STEVE REICH MIX BY JAMES MURPHY FOR THE DFA) CANADIAN PREMIERE ON CBC RADIO Q THURSDAY OCTOBER 10th AT 10:00AM EST (Toronto, ON) - Taken from THE NEXT DAY the Barclaycard Mercury Music Prize nominated album, LOVE IS LOST has been remixed by LCD Soundsystem's James Murphy into a ten minute plus epic entitled 'HELLO STEVE REICH MIX BY JAMES MURPHY FOR THE DFA'. Artwork especially created for the mix by Jonathan Barnbook is attached. The remix will get its Canadian premiere at 10:00am EST Thursday 10th October on CBC Radio Q and will be available to stream on CBCMusic.ca at 3:00 PM EST as well as www.davidbowie.com from midnight the same day. LOVE IS LOST (HELLO STEVE REICH MIX BY JAMES MURPHY FOR THE DFA) is to be released as part of a three disc collectors set/download THE NEXT DAY EXTRA on November the 5th. THE NEXT DAY EXTRA will feature the original 14 song album, a 10 track companion album with five unheard songs/two remixes and a DVD featuring four videos from THE NEXT DAY, a 7-track digital EP bundle will also be available. THE NEXT DAY EXTRA is released on November 5th. THE NEXT DAY EXTRA (digital) THE NEXT DAY EXTRA (physical)
HAIM DEBUT TOP OF THE CHARTS IN THE US, CANADA, AND UK HAIM’S DAYS ARE GONE DEBUTS #6 IN THE US, #7 IN CANADA, AND #1 IN THE UK JIMMY KIMMEL LIVE! OUTDOOR CONCERT SET FOR NOVEMBER 5 (Columbia Records; New York, NY; October 9, 2013) – Following a massive surge of media attention, HAIM’s highly anticipated first full-length album Days Are Gone has debuted at #6 on the Billboard 200 album chart and #7 on the Nielsen SoundScan Top Albums chart. In the UK, Days Are Gone has debuted at #1, surpassing sales of new albums by established artists like Justin Timberlake and Dizzee Rascal. Renowned for their electrifying live performances, sisters Este, Danielle and Alana Haim are set to take over Jimmy Kimmel Live! with a special outdoor concert on Tuesday, November 5th. Jimmy Kimmel Live! airs weeknights at 11:35 PM ET/10:35 PM CT on ABC. Featuring crowd favourites, “Falling,” “Forever,” “Don’t Save Me,” and “The Wire,” as well as title track, “Days Are Gone,” co-written with Kid Harpoon and Jessie Ware, HAIM’s debut album has been released to tremendous critical acclaim. Touted as “instantly likeable” by The Associated Press, “irresistible” by the Los Angeles Times and “slick, confidently and winningly breezy” by The New York Times, Days Are Gone has been declared “one of the most proficient pieces of music to come out this year” by SPIN. The album has been awarded an 8.3 rating and “Best New Music” by Pitchfork, and has been hailed as “the kind of microtriumph you sit up and root for” by Rolling Stone in their 3.5 star review. The buzz surrounding HAIM’s debut release validates Time Out New York’s prediction that “2013 is going to be a good year for HAIM.” The band has received unprecedented media attention, being named an MTV “Artist to Watch,” a VH1 “You Oughta Know” artist, as well as being showcased as Spotify’s first ever “Spotlight” artist. In addition, HAIM have been featured on NPR Weekend Edition, have played a headlining slot at this year’s iTunes Festival and have received early support from Sirius XMU. HAIM are currently on tour after having made festival appearances at Lollapalooza, Bonnaroo, Austin City Limits and Made In America. Their recent captivating sold-out show at New York City’s Webster Hall led the New York Post to proclaim “when it comes to performing live, they already sound like masters of the art.” The band will headline shows at Vancouver’s Commodore Ballroom, Los Angeles’ Fonda, and San Francisco’s Treasure Island before wrapping up their Fall 2013 tour with a performance at Las Vegas’ Life is Beautiful Festival (see below for full North American tour dates). Tour Dates: 10/10 Lawrence, KS The Granada 10/12 Austin, TX Austin City Limits 10/14 Phoenix, AZ Crescent Ballroom 10/15 San Diego, CA Casbah 10/16 Los Angeles, CA Fonda 10/18 Pomona, CA The Glass House 10/20 San Francisco, CA Treasure Island 10/22 Portland, OR Mississippi Studios 10/23 Seattle, WA Neumos 10/24 Vancouver, BC Commodore Ballroom 10/27 Las Vegas, NV Life is Beautiful
MILEY CYRUS WRECKS ANOTHER RECORD!!! SHATTERING HER OWN RECORD, “WRECKING BALL” VIDEO BECOMES THE FASTEST TO REACH 100 MILLION VIEWS ACROSS VEVO “WRECKING BALL” IS CURRENTLY #1 ON THE ITUNES SONGS CHART (TORONTO-ON) In only 6 days, Miley Cyrus' music video for "Wrecking Ball" has become the fastest music video ever to reach CERTIFIED status, VEVO's milestone for videos delivering 100 million views. Cyrus shattered the previous record which she held for “We Can’t Stop,” which was CERTIFIED by VEVO in just 37 days after it premiered. VEVO's video view counts represent the only definitive and official metric across all digital platforms because of its far-reaching scale and reach, which includes online, mobile and tablet, connected devices and syndication partner sites like AOL, Facebook, Yahoo! Music and YouTube. Videos "CERTIFIED" by VEVO have achieved a similar milestone to that of the RIAA's Gold and Platinum certification for audio. Miley Cyrus premiered the video for her new single "Wrecking Ball" across VEVO on September 9th where it promptly delivered over 19.3 million views across the platform in the 24 hours following its premiere, setting a new record. The video was directed by Terry Richardson and shot in Los Angeles. "Wrecking Ball," the second single from "Bangerz" already hit the #1 spot at on the iTunes Top Songs Chart. Watch the music video HERE. Miley Cyrus will release her new album “Bangerz,” on October 8th which will include thirteen new tracks. Collaborating with renowned producers and songwriters such as Mike Will, Pharrell, Future, and will.i.am , this album marks a creative evolution for Miley. “Bangerz” is currently available for pre-order. Those who pre-order "Bangerz" at iTunes will get an instant grat track of “Wrecking Ball” and "We Can't Stop". The first single “We Can’t Stop” was released on June 3rd and immediately shot to #1 on iTunes in the US and 23 other countries. The single has climbed to #2 on the Billboard Hot 100 chart and has sold over 2 million tracks in the US alone. “We Can’t Stop” also became Cyrus’ first #1 single in the UK. In addition, the video for “We Can’t Stop” broke VEVO’s record for most views in a 24 hour period, and in only 37 days became the fastest video to reach 100 million views across VEVO. Miley Cyrus is a world renowned entertainer with record breaking success in film, television and music. She is a multiplatinum recording artist and has sold over 12 million albums and 20 million tracks in the US alone. www.mileycyrus.com Twitter:@mileycyrus www.facebook.com/mileycyrus
MGMT ANNOUNCE NORTH AMERICAN HEADLINING TOUR VIDEO FOR “COOL SONG NO. 2” DEBUTS VIA VEVO MGMT AVAILABLE NOW – INCLUDES THE “OPTIMIZER” A COMPLETE AUDIO + VISUAL EXPERIENCE (Toronto, ON; September 17, 2013) – In celebration of their new self-titled album out today, MGMT will hit the road for a North American headlining tour that will kick off November 10 with a special appearance at Fun Fun Fun Fest in Austin. As revealed by Jimmy Fallon during the band’s performance of “Plenty of Girls in the Sea” on Late Night with Jimmy Fallon last week, the tour will conclude on December 13 with the band playing a special hometown show at Barclays Center in Brooklyn, NY, following 2 Canadian dates in Toronto and Montreal (see below for full list of North American tour dates). Presales will begin Friday, September 20 at 10am local time at . MGMT is set to launch “Cool Song No. 2," the second video from MGMT, today via VEVO. Written and created by director Isaiah Seret and costume designer Mindy Le Brock, and shot by award-winning cinematographer, Bradford Young, “Cool Song No. 2” depicts a fully-realized future world in which genetically engineered plants are converted into euphoria-inducing drugs. The video stars Michael Kenneth Williams (known for his legendary roles as Omar in The Wire and Chalky White in Boardwalk Empire) as The Plant Hunter and Henry Hopper as his lover, Tree, who has been mutated by the drug and is undergoing the final stage of a bizarre physical transformation. “Cool Song No. 2” can be watched here: . MGMT has been released this week to widespread critical praise. Under The Radar hails the album as MGMT’s “most visionary and challenging album,” and Filter asserts that it “contains the same ingenuity fans have come to expect. The band still hold to no precedent but its own.” A collection of 10 diverse and powerful songs, the album is a result of MGMT’s experimentation with various in-studio writing processes and allowing the music to tell them where it wanted to go. Time notes, "As the band has matured so has their sound and the duo is moving past their Day-Glo party soundtrack tunes to create a more grown-up synth-heavy psychedelia,” and the Los Angeles Times declares that "Many [of the songs] are singalong catchy, but in their own surrealistic way." All commercial formats of MGMT include a download of the “Optimizer,” an immersive audio + visual album experience. Learn more here: . MGMT are Andrew VanWyngarden and Ben Goldwasser. North American Tour Dates: November 10 Austin, TX November 12 St. Louis, MO November 13 Madison, WI November 14 Columbus, OH November 15 Indianapolis, IN November 17 Des Moines, IA November 18 St. Paul, MN November 19 Chicago, IL November 20 Detroit, MI November 22 Louisville, KY November 23 Memphis, TN November 24 Atlanta, GA November 26 Washington, DC November 27 Charlotte, NC November 29 Durham, NC December 2 Pittsburgh, PA December 3 Philadelphia, PA December 5 Boston, MA December 7 Toronto, ON December 9 Montreal, QC December 13 Brooklyn, NY www.whoismgmt.com www.columbiarecords.com
ONE DIRECTION ANNOUNCE THE RELEASE OF THEIR THIRD ALBUM, MIDNIGHT MEMORIES, AVAILABLE MONDAY NOVEMBER 25 ALBUM PRE-ORDER AVAILABLE MONDAY SEPTEMBER 9 (NEW YORK, NY – SEPTEMBER 6, 2013) – British pop superstars One Direction will release their eagerly anticipated third studio album, MIDNIGHT MEMORIES globally on November 25, 2013 via Syco/Columbia Records. MIDNIGHT MEMORIES will be available for pre-order Monday, September 9 and in stores on Monday, November 25. MIDNIGHT MEMORIES will include worldwide smash hit single “Best Song Ever,” which recently made history on VEVO by racking up the highest number of views within 24 hours with a total of 12.3 million views. The music video for the single went on to win the “Song of the Summer” Award at the 2013 MTV Video Music Video Awards in Brooklyn. 2013 has been a monumental year for One Direction, who have played over 100 shows in 21 countries on their first ever Take Me Home World Tour. In February, the band visited Ghana with UK charity Comic Relief and recorded the official 2013 Red Nose Day charity single, “One Way Or Another (Teenage Kicks).” That same month they also won a BRIT Award for Global Success, and in August 2013 took home an astounding 6 Teen Choice Awards, including Choice Music Group. One Direction made their movie debut last week with their massive hit 3D concert movie and documentary One Direction: This Is Us. The film has been a phenomenal success, topping the UK and US box offices and grossing an incredible $18.4 million on its opening weekend in the US alone and an additional $14.8 million worldwide. In early 2014, One Direction will begin their worldwide Where We Are stadium tour in the UK, which includes two nights at Wembley stadium, as well as eight sold out dates in the UK and Ireland. Niall Horan, Zayn Malik, Liam Payne, Harry Styles and Louis Tomlinson formed in 2010 and have amassed a loyal fanbase and fame all across the globe. They have impressively sold over 32 million records and have achieved a total of 61 number ones.
GLEE SINGS THE BEATLES ALBUM AVAILABLE SEPTEMBER 24 FEATURING BRAND NEW TRACKS FROM SEASON 5 (Columbia Records; September 4, 2013) – Get ready for some Gleatlemania! The Glee cast introduces The Beatles’ legacy to a new generation with the album release of Glee Sings The Beatles on Tuesday, September 24. Glee Sings The Beatles includes 14 songs from the first two episodes of Glee’s fifth season, which will premiere on Thursday, September 26 (9:00-10:00 PM ET/PT) on Global. The album will feature the Glee cast’s take on the Fab Four’s iconic classics such as “All You Need Is Love,” “Let It Be,” and “A Hard Day’s Night” (see below for full track-listing). On the all-new “Love, Love, Love” premiere episode airing Thursday, September 26, the New Directions are back in action and take on their biggest assignment yet: The Beatles! As Will enlists the kids to pay homage to the classic song catalog from the Fab Four, Blaine and Kurt attempt to answer questions about their future together. Meanwhile, Rachel’s New York ambitions take an unexpected turn. Beatlemania continues at McKinley with the “Tina in the Sky with Diamonds” episode airing Thursday, October 3 (9:00-10:00 PM ET/PT). It’s time for the students to vote for prom queen and king, but when Tina receives a nomination, she takes on a fierce attitude that alienates her biggest supporters. Meanwhile, Rachel adjusts to a new attitude of her own as she and Santana work at a Broadway diner to make ends meet. Since its debut in 2009, Fox’s Glee has pioneered the comedy musical genre, becoming an unstoppable phenomenon that has redefined modern television and broken multiple music sales records. From the anthem hit “Don’t Stop Believin’” to the widely praised mash-up of Adele’s “Rumour Has It” and “Someone Like You,” Glee has sold over 55 million tracks and over 13 million albums worldwide. Throughout its four seasons, Glee has also set a groundbreaking record for the most songs charted by a single act on the Billboard Hot 100, surpassing records previously held by Elvis Presley, The Beatles and James Brown. With their incredible record sales, Glee has made a name for itself in music history. In the US, Glee scored three consecutive #1 releases with Glee: The Music, The Power of Madonna, Glee: The Music, Volume 3 Showstoppers, and Glee: The Music, Journey To Regionals. The RIAA has certified Glee: The Music, Volume 1 and Glee: The Music, The Christmas Album Platinum (sales in excess of 1 million units) as well as Glee: The Music, Volume 2, Glee: The Music, Volume 3 and Glee: The Music, Volume 4 Gold (sales in excess of 500,000 units). The full track listing for Glee Sings The Beatles is as follows: 1. Yesterday 2. Drive My Car 3. Got To Get You Into My Life 4. You’ve Got To Hide Your Love Away 5. Help 6. A Hard Day’s Night 7. I Saw Her Standing There 8. All You Need Is Love 9. Get Back 10. Here Comes The Sun 11. Something 12. Sgt. Pepper’s Lonely Hearts Club Band 13. Hey Jude 14. Let It Be
SONY MUSIC ENTERTAINMENT CANADA ANNOUNCES THE RELEASE OF LOVED ME BACK TO LIFE, THE NEW STUDIO ALBUM FROM INTERNATIONAL ICON CELINE DION (September 3, 2013) – Sony Music Entertainment Canada is thrilled to announce the release of Loved Me Back To Life, the highly anticipated new album from multi-diamond-selling and five-time Grammy® Award-winning musical legend Celine Dion. Loved Me Back To Life, Dion’s first English-language album in six years, will be released in Canada Tuesday, November 5 on Columbia Records (see track list below). The album’s pulsating, upbeat first single, also titled “Loved Me Back To Life,” is available digitally today. Pre-order the album at CelineDion.com and iTunes. Dion will perform “Loved Me Back To Life” live on Jimmy Kimmel Live! this Friday, September 6 and on The Ellen DeGeneres Show next Wednesday, September 11. Listen to “Loved Me Back To Life” on CelineDion.com now. Loved Me Back To Life offered Dion the chance to work with a team of exceptional producers and songwriters including Ne-Yo, Diane Warren, Tricky Stewart, Stevie Wonder, Eg White, Daniel Merriweather, Babyface, Audra Mae Butts, Play Production, Eman, Janis Ian, Danny Mercer, Andrew Goldstein, Shaffer Smith, Jessi Alexander, Tommy Lee James, Corparal, Sauce, Kyle Townsend, Dana Parish, Andrew Hollander, Aaron Pearce, Kuk Harrell, and Walter Afanasieff. The album’s single and title track was written by Sham & Motesart and Sia. In addition, Ne-Yo and Stevie Wonder lend their incredible talents as Dion’s duet partners. In December of 2007, Dion concluded an unprecedented concert engagement in Las Vegas—five consecutive years of sold-out shows at The Colosseum at Caesars Palace, a $100 million venue built exclusively for her performances. This historic, original show, entitled "A New Day...", was one of the highest grossing concerts in music history, selling more than 3 million tickets in its run and helping make Dion the highest-grossing touring artist in the world from 2000 to 2010. In 2011, Celine returned to The Colosseum with a brand-new critically-acclaimed show, simply entitled "Celine," playing to sold-out audiences since opening night. This spectacular show, which will continue for several years to come, features Dion’s greatest hits, some surprising covers, and a few songs featured on Loved Me Back To Life, including the title track. Having sold more than 220 million albums around the world, Celine Dion is one of the most immediately recognized, widely respected and successful performers in pop music history. In addition to numerous Canadian and international gold, platinum and multi-platinum certifications, Celine Dion has seen six of her albums—Falling Into You, Let’s Talk About Love, Celine Dion, The Colour Of My Love, All The Way… A Decade Of Song and These Are Special Times —each achieve Diamond status in recognition of sales of more than 1 million copies in Canada alone. She has been awarded five Grammy® Awards, including Record of the Year and Best Female Pop Vocal Performance for “My Heart Will Go On” in 1998, Album of the Year and Best Pop Album for Falling Into You in 1996, and Best Pop Performance by a Duo or Group with Vocal for “Beauty and the Beast” in 1992. Both “My Heart Will Go On” and “Beauty and the Beast” received Best Song Academy Awards for their respective years of release. Loved Me Back To Life track list: 1. Loved Me Back To Life 2. Somebody Loves Somebody 3. Incredible (duet with Ne-Yo) 4. Water And A Flame 5. Breakaway 6. Save Your Soul 7. Didn’t Know Love 8. Thank You 9. Overjoyed (duet with Stevie Wonder) 10. Thankful 11. At Seventeen 12. Always Be Your Girl 13. Unfinished Songs www.celinedion.com www.facebook.com/celinedion www.twitter.com/celinedion
John Mayer's Paradise Valley Streaming in its Entirety Exclusively on iTunes Now Paradise Valley To Be Released August 20 Mayer To Perform “Live On Letterman” Webcast On August 19 New York, NY, August 12, 2013—John Mayer’s new album Paradise Valley is available to stream in its entirety exclusively on iTunes beginning today (iTunes.com/JohnMayer). The album will be available to stream until its release on August 20. The Grammy Award-winning singer, songwriter and musician produced Paradise Valley with longtime collaborator Don Was, who also co-produced Mayer’s #1 charting Gold-certified 2012 release Born and Raised, and has worked on albums for acts such as the Rolling Stones, B.B. King and Bonnie Raitt. Fans who pre-order the album on iTunes will instantly receive a download of the track “Wildfire" (iTunes.com/JohnMayer). John Mayer will also preview songs from Paradise Valley along with fan favourites, the day before the album’s release for a “Live on Letterman” webcast concert on August 19. Mayer fans have the chance to win tickets to the webcast performance using the John Mayer Tour App, now available on all mobile platforms and through Citi’s Private Pass® program ( www.citiprivatepass.com ). The webcast will be streamed live at and also will be available on demand on CBS.com and VEVO. He will also perform his latest single “Wildfire” on the broadcast of the Late Show with David Letterman that evening. Mayer kicked off his first tour in three years last month, which marks his return after the recurrence of a throat granuloma forced him to cancel his tour in support of Born and Raised and take an indefinite hiatus from performing. The 40-stop U.S tour continues through early October, with support act Phillip Phillips (“Home,” “Gone, Gone, Gone”) for most shows. Mayer was also announced on the lineup for the Global Poverty Project benefit concert in Central Park on September 28. Mayer is using the U.S. portion of the tour to heighten awareness of and raise funds for our military veterans suffering from the effects of post traumatic stress. One dollar from each tour ticket sold will fund PTS-related programs created by Mayer and the Northern California Institute for Research and Education. Paradise Valley pre-order on iTunes: iTunes.com/JohnMayer “Paper Doll” lyric video: “Wildfire” lyric video: For a complete list of tour dates please visit:
EMBLEM3’s DEBUT ALBUM NOTHING TO LOSE MAKES TOP 10 ENTRY ON THE BILLBOARD 200 U.S. AND ON NIELSEN SOUNDSCAN CANADA BAND UP FOR ‘BREAKOUT GROUP’ AT NEXT WEEKEND’S TEEN CHOICE AWARDS (SYCO/Columbia Records; Toronto, ON– August 7, 2013) – Emblem3’s debut album Nothing To Lose has made an impressive top 10 entry on the Billboard Top 200 Albums Chart in the U.S., debuting at #7 and selling nearly 46,000 copies. In Canada Nothing To Lose debuted at #8 on the Nielsen Soundscan Sales Charts. The album, which was released July 30 and features hit single “Chloe (You’re The One I Want),” marks the highest first week sales of any other act from The X Factor US and is the biggest debut album sales week from any US television competition series artist in 2013. Nothing To Lose was the first release on Executive Producer Savan Kotecha’s label imprint “Mr Kanani,” through Syco Music / Columbia Records. Emblem3 has received much praise in recent weeks, with Entertainment Tonight applauding the album’s “beach-ready tunes that create the perfect summer soundtrack.” The Los Angeles Times described their sound as “a fusion of pop, ska and hip-hop – think Sublime, only with washboard abs and none of the grit” while The Huffington Post named Emblem3 “The Next Boy Band to Watch.” This weekend, Emblem3 will present at the 2013 Teen Choice Awards, where they’ve also received a nomination in the Choice Music Breakout Group category alongside Icona Pop, Imagine Dragons, The Lumineers and Macklemore & Ryan Lewis. Teen Choice 2013 celebrates the hottest teen icons in television, music, film, sports, fashion, comedy and the web, and the star-studded, two-hour event will air live Sunday, August 11 at 8:00PM ET / PT on FOX. Fans can vote for Emblem3 at www.teenchoiceawards.com . Emblem3 kicked off their album release week with a performance of “Chloe (You’re The One I Want)” on The View, which follows their network television debut of the song on Good Morning America’s annual Summer Concert Series in June. The band also spent the week taking east coast malls by storm during a run of album signing events that drew thousands of screaming fans. “Chloe” has achieved Top 25 airplay at Pop Radio, while the band’s new Twitter followers were up 92% (3X the Social 50 average) last week alone. Emblem3, who got their start competing on the second season of The X Factor (on Fox), will wrap up a run of headline tour dates this month before joining Selena Gomez on the Stars Dance arena tour across the US and Canada (8 dates) , kicking off on August 14 in Vancouver and running through the end of November. For ticket information and tour dates please visit . Emblem3 are: Brothers Wesley and Keaton Stromberg and lifelong friend Drew Chadwick. Emblem3 on Tour: Date City Venue Aug 7 Richmond, VA The National* Aug 10 Myrtle Beach, SC House of Blues* Aug 14 Vancouver, BC Pepsi Live at Rogers Arena** Aug 16 Lethbridge, AB Enmax Centre** Aug 17 Edmonton, AB Rexall Place** Aug 18 Saskatoon, SK Credit Union Center** Aug 19 Winnipeg, MB MTS Centre** Aug 22 Ottawa, ON Scotiabank Place** Aug 23 Montreal, QC Bell Center** Aug 24 Toronto, ON Air Canada Centre** Oct 10 Washington, D.C. Patriot Center** Oct 11 Pittsburgh, PA Peterson Events Center** Oct 12 Boston, MA TD Garden** Oct 15 Buffalo, NY First Niagara Arena** Oct 16 Brooklyn, NY Barclays Center** Oct 18 Philadelphia, PA Wells Fargo Center** Oct 19 Uncasville, CT Mohegan Sun Arena** Oct 20 Newark, NJ Prudential Center** Oct 22 Hershey, PA Giant Center** Oct 23 Louisville, KY KFC Yum! Center** Oct 25 Nashville, TN Bridgestone Arena** Oct 26 Atlanta, GA Philips Arena** Oct 27 Charlotte, NC Time Warner Cable Arena** Oct 29 Sunrise, FL BB&T Center** Oct 30 Tampa, FL Tampa Bay Times Forum** Nov 1 San Antonio, TX AT&T Center** Nov 2 Houston, TX Toyota Center** Nov 3 Dallas, TX American Airlines Arena** Nov 5 Phoenix, AZ US Airways Center** Nov 6 Los Angeles, CA STAPLES Center** Nov 8 San Diego, CA Valley View Casino Center** Nov 9 Las Vegas, NV Mandalay Bay Events Center** Nov 10 San Jose, CA HP Pavilion** Nov 12 Seattle, WA Key Arena at Seattle Center** Nov 14 Salt Lake City, UT Energy Solutions Arena** Nov 16 Denver, CO 1STBANK Center** Nov 17 Kansas City, MO Sprint Center** Nov 19 Indianapolis, IN Bankers Life Field House** Nov 21 Minneapolis, MN Target Center** Nov 22 Chicago, IL Allstate Arena** Nov 23 Columbus, OH Nationwide Arena** Nov 26 Detroit, MI Palace of Auburn Hills** Nov 27 St. Louis, MO Chaifetz Arena** *Emblem3 Headline Date **Supporting Selena Gomez Connect with Emblem3: www.emblem3.com/ www.twitter.com/emblemthree www.facebook.com/emblemthree www.instagram.com/emblemthree Nothing To Lose Available Here:
HAIM TO RELEASE HIGHLY ANTICIPATED DEBUT ON SEPTEMBER 30 VIA COLUMBIA RECORDS, AVAILABLE NOW FOR PRE-ORDER ON ITUNES First Single “The Wire” Available Now On iTunes (Columbia Records; Toronto, ON; August 6, 2013) – Breakout band HAIM will release their highly anticipated debut album, Days Are Gone, on September 30 via Columbia Records, available today for pre-order on iTunes (iTunes.com/HAIM). Recorded mostly in HAIM’s native Los Angeles, the album sees sisters Este, Danielle and Alana Haim working alongside acclaimed producers Ariel Rechtshaid (Usher, Vampire Weekend) and James Ford (Florence and the Machine, Arctic Monkeys). Days Are Gone will feature crowd favorites “Falling,” “Forever,” and “Don’t Save Me” as well as brand new tracks that have yet to air live, including title track “Days Are Gone,” which was co-written with Kid Harpoon and Jessie Ware (see below for full track listing). "The Wire," the first single from Days Are Gone, is available now on iTunes. Fans who pre-order the album on iTunes will instantly receive a download of the track "The Wire" (iTunes.com/HAIM). Already a live favorite, Fader observes, “the track’s final studio incarnation wisely emphasizes what HAIM does so well live, with ‘We Will Rock You’-styled drums, shades of guitar theatrics and a triumphant, everybody-together-now vocal medley.” MTV Buzzworthy has proclaimed the infectious track a “monster of a song: huge, hooky and ready to wreck major cities and/or pop charts,” and Pitchfork concludes that HAIM are “making some of the best power-pop out there right now.” A music video for “The Wire” will be released shortly. The Southern California trio has attracted a surge of industry attention since releasing their EPs Forever, Don’t Save Me and Falling. The band has also been prominently featured in Rolling Stone’s esteemed Best of Rock issue and Elle’s Women In Music issue, as well as recognized as “Faces to Watch 2013” by The Los Angeles Times, “20 Bands To Watch Out For” by Complex and “15 New Stars We Love” by Entertainment Weekly. In the UK, HAIM have impressively become the first female American act to ever win the BBC’s Sound of 2013, an annual poll of industry leaders to identify the most promising new music talent. This award has been a reliable indicator of success in recent years, with Ellie Goulding and Jessie J being named the winners in the past. HAIM’s electrifying live performances, including sold-out headlining shows at Los Angeles’ Troubadour and New York’s Music Hall of Williamsburg in addition to festival appearances at SXSW, Lollapalooza, Bonnaroo, Firefly and Governor’s Ball, have made waves on both sides of the Atlantic. Fader has declared that HAIM’s “practiced live show easily rivals any of their peers,” and it is no wonder that HAIM have been asked to support the likes of Phoenix, Florence and the Machine, Mumford and Sons and Vampire Weekend on tour. Later this month, HAIM will embark on a headlining North American tour with stops in New York, Boston and Los Angeles, among others (see below for full US tour dates). Time Out New York predicted “it’s safe to say that 2013 is going to be a good year for HAIM,” but with the release of their debut album, HAIM are only just getting started. The full track listing for Days are Gone is as follows: 1. Falling 2. Forever 3. The Wire 4. If I Could Change Your Mind 5. Honey & I 6. Don’t Save Me 7. Days Are Gone 8. My Song 5 9. Go Slow 10. Let Me Go 11. Running If You Call My Name US Tour Dates: 8/31 Philadelphia, PA Made in America 9/1 Boston, MA Paradise 9/3 New York, NY Webster Hall 9/7 Guthrie, OK Ottonwood Flast * 10/4 Austin, TX Antone’s 10/5 Austin, TX Austin City Limits 10/6 New Orleans, LA One Eyed Jacks 10/8 Dallas, TX Trees 10/10 Lawrence, KS The Granada 10/12 Austin, TX Austin City Limits 10/14 Phoenix, AZ Crescent Ballroom 10/15 San Diego, CA Casbah 10/16 Los Angeles, CA Fonda 10/18 Pomona, CA The Glass House 10/20 San Francisco, CA Treasure Island 10/22 Portland, OR Mississippi Studios 10/23 Seattle, WA Neumos 10/27 Las Vegas, NV Life is Beautiful *Supporting Mumford and Sons
GRAMMY-NOMINATED RECORDING ARTIST J. COLE ANNOUNCES 2013 NORTH AMERICAN TOUR WHAT DREAMS MAY COME TOUR FEATURING WALE The What Dreams May Come Tour Kicks off on September 10th Tickets on sale to the public on August 2nd July 30, 2013 – New York, NY – Grammy-nominated, platinum selling RocNation/Columbia recording artist J.Cole, in the midst of his critically acclaimed Gold selling new album Born Sinner, a Platinum selling, #1 single “Power Trip” featuring Grammy Award winner Miguel and rapidly rising second single, “Crooked Smile” featuring TLC, and a recent top selling fan tour, has announced details and dates for his 2013 North American tour, What Dreams May Come Tour, featuring Wale. The What Dreams May Come Tour featuring Wale will make stops at theatres throughout North America this fall, beginning on Tuesday, September 10th at the James L. Knight Center in Miami, FL concluding on October 30th at the Paramount Theatre in Seattle, WA. The 30 city, AEG Live tour, will go through several major markets including Toronto, Atlanta, Boston and Chicago amongst many others. J.Cole will also perform in Las Vegas, NV at The Colosseum at Caesars Palace, making him one of the first hip-hop acts to perform at the famed venue. Independently of the What Dreams May Come Tour, J.Cole will also perform at several college homecomings as well as the Rock The Bells Festivals. “It’s going to be a wild ride,” says J.Cole. Joining J.Cole on tour is Grammy-nominated and award-winning artist, Wale. Wale is touring in support of his latest release, the #1 album The Gifted, which sold over 158,000 units in its first week. This marks Wale’s third solo album and follows up his certified Gold sophomore album, Ambition, which also topped the charts as the #1 rap album and produced the Grammy-nominated, certified Gold single “Lotus Flower Bomb” featuring Miguel. Wale has released a series of critically acclaimed mixtapes and received praise for his debut album, Attention Deficit, from national publications such as Billboard and Paper Magazine. Tickets for What Dreams May Come Tour go on sale in select markets starting August 2nd at 10:00 am local time and are available through www.axs.com and www.jcolemusic.com . In addition to general ticketing, fans will also have a chance to purchase the J.Cole VIP meet and greet packages. These special packages include an exclusive meet and greet with J.Cole, an individual photo opportunity, an autographed tour lithograph and one commemorative VIP tour laminate. The packages do not have any age restrictions and will be available for sale with the start of tour ticket sales. In a special offer, fans who are signed up for J.Cole's newsletter will have first access to buying tickets. Those wishing to sign up for the newsletter can do so online here: https://www.jcolemusic.com/us/newsletter-signup The charitable partner for What Dreams May Come Tour is J.Cole’s Dreamville Foundation, with a portion from every concert ticket sold going to the registered 501c3. Created by J.Cole in 2011, The Dreamville Foundation’s mission is to reveal to youth their limitless potential through life-altering experiences. Since its inception, the organization has been dedicated to uplifting youth in Fayetteville through book clubs, essay contests and community events. Fans who would like to make additional donations to the non-profit can do so by visiting . The What Dreams May Come Tour follows on the heels of J.Cole’s phenomenally popular J.Cole Dollar & A Dream Tour. In an innovative show model, fans were able to attend intimate J.Cole shows for only $1.00 with venues and details being revealed the day of via Twitter. The tour, which took place leading up to the release of Born Sinner, created verifiable fan pandemonium, with concert attendees lined up hours in advanced and venues hitting capacity. In Toronto, the tour stop shut down the streets when over 3000 fans showed up for a coveted 500 tickets. For more information on J.Cole, the What Dreams May Come Tour and Born Sinner please visit www.bornsinner.com , www.jcolemusic.com , www.Dreamvillain.net , www.RocNation.com and www.columbiarecords.com .
ONE DIRECTION “BEST SONG EVER” BREAKS RECORD ON VEVO WITH 10.9 MILLION VIEWS IN 24 HOURS (NEW YORK, NY; VEVO; JULY 23, 2013) –VEVO, the world’s leading all-premium music video and entertainment platform, has announced today that global superstars One Direction’s new video “Best Song Ever” delivered 10.9 million views across VEVO in the 24 hours following its premiere. This beats out the previous record holder, Miley Cyrus “We Can’t Stop,” which hit 10.7 million views. One Direction premiered the video for their new single “Best Song Ever” across VEVO on July 22nd. The music video was directed by Ben Winston and shot in Miami. The video displays the boys’ acting skills with Niall as "Harvey, the Studio Exec," Harry as "Marcel, the Marketing Guy," Liam as "Leeroy, the Choreographer," Louis as "Jonny, the Studio Exec," and Zayn as "Veronica, the Sexy Assistant." One Direction will open TEEN CHOICE 2013 with a performance of “Best Song Ever.” TEEN CHOICE 2013 airs live from the Gibson Amphitheatre in Los Angeles on Sunday, August 11 (8:00-10:00 PM ET live/PT tape-delayed) on FOX. This will be the band’s first ever live television performance of “Best Song Ever,” the first single off their forthcoming third album and the lead single from their upcoming film THIS IS US. One Direction are currently on a worldwide tour in support of their second album TAKE ME HOME. Their movie THIS IS US will be released nationwide August 30th, 2013. The band will make a special appearance on NBC’s the Today Show Summer Concert series on August 23rd in support of the film. One Direction have just announced the first two legs of a worldwide stadium tour for 2014 – including eight sold out dates in the UK and Ireland. With the two albums to date – UP ALL NIGHT and TAKE ME HOME - One Direction have sold over 30 million records worldwide. They’ve won two BRIT awards, three MTV Video Music awards, three Billboard Music awards and are nominated for six Teen Choice 2013 Awards, including Choice Music Group. Watch on VEVO: Download on iTunes:
GRAMMY AWARD-WINNING ARTIST JOHN LEGEND ANNOUNCES “MADE TO LOVE” NORTH AMERICAN TOUR Award Winning Singer Tamar Braxton Confirmed as Supporting Act 20+ Date Headlining Tour Kicks-Off October 20th, On Sale Information Available at JohnLegend.com, Fourth Solo Studio Album, Love In The Future, Drops September 3rd (July 23rd, 2013) Nine-time Grammy Award winning artist John Legend has announced tour dates for his upcoming “Made To Love” tour. The 20+ stop tour begins October 20th in Mashantucket, CT and will make stops across the US and Canada, including Washington DC, New York, Miami, Atlanta, Detroit, Toronto, Vancouver, Las Vegas and Los Angeles. Award-winning singer, reality star and talk show host Tamar Braxton, whose album Love and War also drops September 3rd, has been confirmed as a special guest throughout the tour. Ticket & on-sale information can be found at www.JohnLegend.com . Legend recently released “Made to Love,” the second single from his much anticipated fourth solo studio album, Love in the Future. The single - a follow up to the critically acclaimed “Who Do We Think We Are,” featuring Rick Ross - was produced by Dave Tozer, Nana Kwabena, Kanye West and Da Internz and is available digitally at . The song's video, set for a late-July release, was created from a concept by Yoann Lemoine (Drake/Rihanna, "Take Care;" Lana Del Rey, "Born To Die;" Woodkid, "Iron”) and was directed by acclaimed fashion photographer Daniel Sannwald. Love In the Future will be released by G.O.O.D. Music/Columbia on September 3rd. The highly anticipated album was produced by Legend and longtime collaborators Kanye West and Dave Tozer.
EMBLEM3 SET TO RELEASE DEBUT ALBUM NOTHING TO LOSE JULY 30 BAND NOMINATED FOR ‘MUSIC BREAKOUT GROUP’ AND PRESENTING AT THE 2013 TEEN CHOICE AWARDS EMBLEM3 WILL PERFORM ON THE VIEW JULY 29 (Toronto ON– July 23, 2013) – Emblem3 will release their highly anticipated debut album Nothing To Lose on July 30. The album, executive produced by award-winning songwriter and producer Savan Kotecha (Maroon 5, Usher, One Direction) is available in deluxe and standard editions (see attached tracklistings) and is currently available for pre-order at . Emblem3 co-wrote much of the album, which includes hit single “Chloe (You’re The One I Want)” and features songwriting by Jack Antonoff of fun., Benji and Joel Madden of Good Charlotte and Max Martin (Taylor Swift, Maroon 5, Katy Perry). The deluxe version features four bonus tracks, including two live songs (“Jaiden” and “Reason”) written exclusively by Emblem3 and recorded during the band’s sold out winter headline tour earlier this year. The album will be the first release on Savan Kotecha’s label imprint “Mr Kanani,” through Syco Music / Columbia Records. “We are so stoked to finally get to share our new music with the world! It's been a dream come true recording this first record and we are forever grateful,” said Emblem3’s Wesley Stromberg. The band’s Drew Chadwick noted, “We put our heart and soul into each track. We hope that these songs can reach out and connect to as many people as possible and let them know to keep their chin up and never give up because dreams do come true.” “Live each day like it’s your last and live like you've got Nothing to Lose!” added Keaton Stromberg. "I was inspired to work with Emblem3 after meeting them backstage on The X Factor” said Savan Kotecha. “These guys are the real deal. It was a true pleasure to help guide them in crafting their first album and watching them grow as musicians and writers throughout the process. They've created a fresh sound that I can't wait for the world to hear!" Following the album release Emblem3 will present at the 2013 Teen Choice Awards, where they’ve also received a nomination in the Choice Music Breakout Group category alongside Icona Pop, Imagine Dragons, The Lumineers and Macklemore & Ryan Lewis. Teen Choice 2013 celebrates the hottest teen icons in television, music, film, sports, fashion, comedy and the web, and the star-studded, two-hour event will air live Sunday, August 11 at 8:00PM ET / PT on FOX. Fans can vote for Emblem3 at www.teenchoiceawards.com . The band will celebrate the release of Nothing To Lose with a performance of hit single “Chloe (You’re The One I Want)” on ABC’s The View on Monday, July 29. This performance follows the band’s national television debut of the song last month on ABC’s annual Good Morning America Summer Concert Series, where they joined a prestigious series lineup including Mariah Carey, Jennifer Lopez, Alicia Keys, Demi Lovato, John Legend, Pitbull and Selena Gomez. Emblem3, who got their start competing on the second season of The X Factor (on Fox) will continue on a run of headline tour dates this month before joining Selena Gomez on the Stars Dance arena tour across the US and Canada, kicking off on August 14 in Vancouver and running through the end of November. For ticket information and tour dates please visit . Emblem3 are: brothers Wesley and Keaton Stromberg and lifelong friend Drew Chadwick. Nothing To Lose Tracklisting: 1) Just For One Day 2) Spaghetti 3) XO 4) Chloe (You’re The One I Want) 5) Girl next door 6) Nothing to Lose 7) Love LA Sunset Blvd 9) 3000 Miles 10) Teenage Kings 11) One Day 12) Do It All Again* 13) I Wish* 14) Jaiden (Live)* 15) Reason (Live)* *Deluxe version only Emblem3 on Tour: Date City Venue July 18 Paso Robles, CA California Mid State Fair July 20 Orange County, CA OC Fair July 21 Sacramento, CA Ace of Spades* July 27 Hershey Park, PA Mix Tape Festival July 28 Cleveland, OH House of Blues* Aug 2 Hampton Beach, NH Hampton Beach Casino* Aug 4 Cohasset, MA South Shore Music Circus Aug 6 Norfolk, VA The Norva* Aug 7 Richmond, VA The National* Aug 10 Myrtle Beach, SC House of Blues* Aug 14 Vancouver, BC Pepsi Live at Rogers Arena** Aug 16 Calgary, AB Scotiabank Saddledome** Aug 17 Edmonton, AB Rexall Place** Aug 18 Saskatoon, SK Credit Union Center** Aug 19 Winnipeg, MB MTS Centre** Aug 22 Ottawa, ON Scotiabank Place** Aug 23 Montreal, QC Bell Center** Aug 24 Toronto, ON Air Canada Centre** Oct 10 Washington, D.C. Patriot Center** Oct 11 Pittsburgh, PA Peterson Events Center** Oct 12 Boston, MA TD Garden** Oct 15 Buffalo, NY First Niagara Arena** Oct 16 Brooklyn, NY Barclays Center** Oct 18 Philadelphia, PA Wells Fargo Center** Oct 19 Uncasville, CT Mohegan Sun Arena** Oct 20 Newark, NJ Prudential Center** Oct 22 Hershey, PA Giant Center** Oct 23 Louisville, KY KFC Yum! Center** Oct 25 Nashville, TN Bridgestone Arena** Oct 26 Atlanta, GA Philips Arena** Oct 27 Charlotte, NC Time Warner Cable Arena** Oct 29 Sunrise, FL BB&T Center** Oct 30 Tampa, FL Tampa Bay Times Forum** Nov 1 San Antonio, TX AT&T Center** Nov 2 Houston, TX Toyota Center** Nov 3 Dallas, TX American Airlines Arena** Nov 5 Phoenix, AZ US Airways Center** Nov 6 Los Angeles, CA STAPLES Center** Nov 8 San Diego, CA Valley View Casino Center** Nov 9 Las Vegas, NV Mandalay Bay Events Center** Nov 10 San Jose, CA HP Pavilion** Nov 12 Seattle, WA Key Arena at Seattle Center** Nov 14 Salt Lake City, UT Energy Solutions Arena** Nov 16 Denver, CO 1STBANK Center** Nov 17 Kansas City, MO Sprint Center** Nov 19 Indianapolis, IN Bankers Life Field House** Nov 21 Minneapolis, MN Target Center** Nov 22 Chicago, IL Allstate Arena** Nov 23 Columbus, OH Nationwide Arena** Nov 26 Detroit, MI Palace of Auburn Hills** Nov 27 St. Louis, MO Chaifetz Arena** *Emblem3 Headline Date **Supporting Selena Gomez
PASSION PIT ANNOUNCE NORTH AMERICAN FALL TOUR (New York, NY; Columbia Records; July 15th, 2013) – A year out from the release of their critically-acclaimed sophomore album Gossamer, Passion Pit have announced a massive fall headlining tour across North America, including festival appearances at the First City Festival, Boston Calling, Austin City Limits and North Coast Music Festival. The tour also includes two shows at New York City's Pier 36 on September 6th and 7th, where Passion Pit will offer discounted tickets to fans that purchased seats to the band's sold-out February performance at Madison Square Garden, but were unable to attend due to a blizzard. Proceeds from these specially-priced tickets will be donated to the American Foundation for Suicide Prevention. The tour will feature special guests The Joy Formidable on a number of dates beginning September 29th, with stops in Los Angeles (where Passion Pit will headline the fabled Greek Theatre), Atlanta, New Orleans, Salt Lake City, San Diego and many other cities throughout October and November. A full list of dates are included below-- tickets go onsale beginning Friday, July 19th, with a special fan presale kicking off on Wednesday, July 17th at 10am at PassionPitMusic.com. All fans that purchase presale tickets will have the chance to enter to win a meet and greet with the band at the show. Pres-sale link: Picked by Relix Magazine as one of their “Summer Stars” on the festival circuit, Passion Pit returned to Bonnaroo for a second time, where they played what Billboard exclaimed was a “show-stopping performance of "Take a Walk," with the audience belting the titular lyrics along to the chorus.” After Bonnaroo the band hopped over to Nashville to record a VEVO Presents: Unexpected Covers session. The session is live now on VEVO and includes performances of “Take A Walk”, “Carried Away”, and a cover of FUN.’s “Carry On.” Washington Times raved that “Passion Pit is the personification of pop music.” A year after its release, Gossamer has yielded a gold single in “Take A Walk,” while the band has fulfilled a dream in selling out a headline show at Madison Square Garden, performed on Saturday Night Live and continued touring in the largest venues of their career. Passion Pit is the studio project of Michael Angelakos, and is joined onstage by Ian Hultquist, Jeff Apruzzese, Xander Singh, and Chris Hartz. Passion Pit on tour: 8/10 Somerset, WI Summer Set Music Festival 8/24 Monterey, CA First City Festival 8/30 Chicago, IL North Coast Music Festival 8/31 Calgary, Canada X-Fest 9/1 Edmonton, Canada Sonic Boom Festival 9/3 Saskatoon, Canada The Odeon 9/4 Winnipeg, Canada Garrick Centre 9/6 New York, NY Pier 26 9/7 New York, NY Pier 26 9/8 Boston, MA Boston Calling Festival 9/29 Charlottesville, VA nTelos Wireless Pavilion ^ 10/1 Ashville, NC Orange Peel ^ 10/2 Winston-Salem, NC Ziggys ^ 10/3 Birmingham, AL Iron City ^ 10/5 Austin, TX Austin City Limits 10/7 Wilmington, NC Greenfield Lake Amphitheatre ^ 10/8 North Myrtle Beach, SC House of Blues ^ 10/10 Atlanta, GA Masquerade Music Park ^ 10/11 New Orleans, LA The Civic Theatre ^ 10/12 Austin, TX Austin City Limits 10/15 Broomfield, CO 1st Bank Center ^ 10/16 Salt Lake City, UT The Complex ^ 10/18 Spokane, WA Knitting Factory Concert House ^ 10/19 Portland, OR Theater of The Clouds 10/21 Sacramento, CA The Theatre at Sleep Train Arena ^ 10/22 San Diego, CA Open Air Theatre ^ 10/25 Los Angeles, CA Greek Theatre ^ 10/26 Santa Barbara, CA Santa Barbara Bowl ^ 10/27 Las Vegas, NV Life is Beautiful Festival 10/29 Kansas City, MO The Midland by AMC ^ 10/31 Fairfax, VA Patriot Center ^ 11/1 Atlantic City, NJ Showboat ^ 11/3 Norfolk, VA The Norva ^ 11/8 St. Augustine, FL St. Augustine Amphitheater * 11/9 Tampa, FL Coastline Festival 11/10 West Palm Beach, FL Coastline Festival ^ With The Joy Formidable * With Two Door Cinema Club, The Joy Formidable and St. Lucia
THE 20/20 EXPERIENCE WILL CONTINUE ITS WORLDWIDE DOMINATION ON SEPTEMBER 30TH FIRST SINGLE, “TAKE BACK THE NIGHT” AVAILABLE NOW ON THE ITUNES STORE; ALBUM ALSO AVAILABLE FOR PRE-ORDER ALSO AVAILABLE ON AMAZON AND ALL DIGITAL SERVICE PROVIDERS JUSTIN TIMBERLAKE KICKS OFF 12 CITY LEGENDS OF THE SUMMER STADIUM TOUR WITH JAY Z ON JULY 17TH IN TORONTO NY, NY… On September 30th Justin Timberlake will continue the journey of his critically acclaimed and worldwide best-selling album of the year, The 20/20 Experience with the release of The 20/20 Experience - 2 of 2 on RCA Records. The soulful first single, "Take Back The Night" picks up right where he left off and The 20/20 Experience continues. “Take Back The Night” was written by Justin Timberlake, Timbaland, Jerome “J-Roc” Harmon and James Fauntleroy and produced by Timbaland, Justin Timberlake and Jerome “J-ROC” Harmon. The 20/20 Experience – 2 of 2 is available today for pre-order on the iTunes Store (iTunes.com/JT) as well as The 20/20 Experience – The Complete Experience which features all 21 tracks. In addition, fans who pre-order either version of the album will instantly receive a download of the single “Take Back The Night.” The single is also available on Amazon and all digital service providers. The album will feature 11 all new tracks as well as a special surprise from Justin. “I originally recorded a massive amount of material and decided on the 20 tracks that I wanted on the album over a year ago. But, when I was mixing and going through all of the songs there were so many that I loved - I couldn't resist... I had to throw in something extra on the 2nd half." Fresh off his outstanding performance at the 2013 BET Awards, Justin will kick off his 12 city Legends of the Summer Stadium Tour with JAY Z on Wednesday in Toronto. He will also perform as a headliner at the iTunes Music Festival in September. Additionally, Justin will head back to the stage this fall on October 31 for The 20/20 Experience World Tour making this his first solo tour in six years. The 20/20 Experience is already hailed by critics as one of the year’s best albums and has seen massive US and international success. In the US alone, the certified double platinum album is currently on top in 2013 as the best-selling album, biggest Top 200, R&B album and Digital album debut, is the only album this year to surpass 2 million albums sold and reached #1 across 7 SoundScan charts (Top 200, Top Digital albums, Top R&B albums, Top Current albums, Top Vinyl albums, Top Physical albums and Top Internet albums). Additionally, the album marks Justin with the biggest male debut in 5 years as well as the biggest digital debut in US history by a male artist. The album held the #1 spot for both the Top 200 (3 weeks) and R&B album chart (10 weeks). In just its first week of release all 10 tracks charted on the digital songs chart and have sold over 5.2 million tracks. The album has reached platinum status in 3 other countries as well as gold status in 9 other countries. The most recent single, “Mirrors” is certified double platinum in the US and marks an all-time audience high (184 million) and in spins at TOP40 (16K) for Justin in one week. The single reached #1 in 48 markets including UK, Germany and Ireland as well as #1 airplay on the European Hit 100, UK, Germany, Canada (CHR & HAC), Denmark, Norway & South Africa. The album’s first single, “Suit & Tie” ft. JAY Z is also certified double platinum in the US. Visit www.justintimberlake.com to hear “Take Back The Night.”
KINGS OF LEON RELEASE NEW SINGLE, “SUPERSOAKER,” JULY 17 PERFORM ON LATE NIGHT WITH JIMMY FALLON JULY 22 NEW ALBUM, MECHANICAL BULL, OUT SEPTEMBER 24 On July 17, Kings of Leon will release the first single, Supersoaker, via iTunes, Amazon and all digital providers. The song is from their soon-to-be released record Mechanical Bull. The album was produced by Angelo Petraglia and recorded at the band’s studio in Nashville, TN. The band will perform "Supersoaker" on Late Night with Jimmy Fallon on July 22. Kings of Leon are currently on the road in the UK and Europe and will perform along with The Flaming Lips, Jackson Browne, Built to Spill and others at the Rock for Oklahoma benefit on Tuesday July 23 at the Chesapeake Energy Arena. The band will be returning to Europe in August and then will perform at the 2013 Global Citizen Festival on September 28 in New York’s Central Park.
MS MR KICK OFF FALL HEADLINING TOUR IN CANADA STOPS IN MONTREAL, TORONTO AND VANCOUVER Toronto, ON - June 25th, 2013 – New York City based duo MS MR will embark on a North American headline tour this fall in support of their critically acclaimed, debut album Secondhand Rapture. The tour will begin in Canada on September 16th in Montreal and will include stops in Toronto and Vancouver along with a number of U.S. shows (full list of dates below). Additionally, the duo will hit the global festival circuit this summer with performances at Glastonbury, Splendour in the Grass, Lollapalooza, Rock En Seine, Outside lands and Austin City Limits. MS MR made their late night television debut last month with a performance of their single Hurricane on the Late Show With David Letterman. The band performed Hurricane along with the rest of Secondhand Rapture on their recent US west coast run opening for CSS. The Daily Beast noted, at the duo’s sold-out album release show at Bowery Ballroom in NY, that “Plapinger’s layered vocals are accentuated by Hershenow’s swirling, swelling electro-pop production replete with synths, drums, and electronic beats” delivering what Time Out New York calls “a finely crafted work of dream pop.” To catch a preview of what’s in store for the tour; check out MS MR’s live show at the SXSW Hype Hotel on Baeble Music: MS MR’s debut album Secondhand Rapture is comprised of 12 sweeping tracks cholk-full of the duo’s compelling blend of cinematic pop. The duo was recently inducted into MTV’s ‘Artist To Watch’ spotlight series, named as one of The Guardian’s ‘One to Watch’ and noted by Teen Vogue as the “next big musical duo.” MS MR’s debut album includes the previously released track Bones, which was prominently featured in the Game Of Thrones season trailer. Produced by Max Hershenow, with additional production and mix by Tom Elmhirst, the duo co-wrote Secondhand Rapture over the course of 2011 in Brooklyn, NY. Watch MS MR perform Hurricane on the Late Show With David Letterman: David Letterman - MS MR: "Hurricane" MS MR headline tour dates: 9/16 Montreal, QC Café Campus * 9/17 Toronto, ON Phoenix * 9/19 Philadelphia, PA The Church * 9/21 Boston, MA Brighton Music Hall * 9/22 Washington, D.C. Black Cat * 9/24 New York, NY Webster Hall * 9/25 Cleveland, OH Grog Shop * 9/27 Kansas City, KC Berkley Riverfront Park 9/28 Minneapolis, MN 7th Street Entry * 9/29 Madison, WI Majestic * 9/30 Chicago, IL Lincoln Hall * 10/2 Tulsa, OK Vanguard 10/6 Austin, TX Austin City Limits 10/7 Dallas, TX House of Blues 10/8 Houston, TX Warehouse 10/9 New Orleans, LA House of Blues 10/12 Mexico City Corona Capitol 10/13 Austin, TX Austin City Limits 10/17 Los Angeles, CA Troubadour # 10/18 Los Angeles, CA Troubadour # 10/19 San Diego, CA Soda Bar # 10/23 Vancouver, BC Venue # * with MØ supporting # with Wildcat! Wildcat! supporting Website: Tumblr: Facebook:
MGMT SET TO RELEASE SELF-TITLED ALBUM ON SEPTEMBER 17 (Toronto, ON; June 25, 2013) – MGMT are back with their self-titled third studio album - MGMT - set to be released on September 17. The successor to 2008’s Oracular Spectacular and 2010’s Congratulations, MGMT finds Andrew VanWyngarden and Ben Goldwasser continuing to push themselves to expand the boundaries of modern pop music. Returning to Tarbox Road Studios to work with longtime collaborator Dave Fridmann (Co-producer and mixer of Oracular Spectacular and Congratulations, The Flaming Lips, Tame Impala), Andrew and Ben experimented with various in-studio writing processes, allowing the music to tell them where it wanted to go. The result is a diverse and powerful collection of 10 songs (including a cover of "Introspection" by 1960’s psych band Faine Jade) that directly mirrors the duo's encompassing surrealist view of the everyday (see below for full track listing). The world was given a taste of MGMT in April with the Record Store Day release (on limited edition cassette single) of album opener "Alien Days", hailed as an instant MGMT classic by fans and described by Rolling Stone as a “shimmering, psychedelic soundscape” and Spin as “a sumptuously detailed, exquisitely zonked-out space-rock construction.” In preparation for the highly anticipated release of MGMT, the band have begun assembling a variety of unique visual elements to accompany and illuminate the new music via "the Optimizer". Produced by MGMT live show video instrumentalist Alejandro Crawford, "the Optimizer" provides listeners of the album with a simultaneously aural & optical listening experience featuring video & CGI work by Andrew Benson, Emilio Gomariz, Geoffrey Lillemon, and Chris Timms. "the Optimizer" is part of an enhanced album package available on all commercial formats. “Your Life Is A Lie” will be the first music video released and finds MGMT again working with Tom Kuntz, director of the band's 2010 mini-epic “Congratulations” who has also received wide acclaim for his groundbreaking commercial and short film work. Up-and-coming indie director Sam Fleischner will be creating a clip for "Alien Days", and a video for the serpentine "Cool Song No. 2" is also in the works, both to be shot this summer. MGMT are currently on tour, recently performing to their largest headline audience in the U.S. with over 10,000 people in attendance at Artpark in Lewiston, NY. MGMT are set to play select North American festivals and club dates including headlining the Bunbury Festival in Cincinnati (July 13), First City Festival in Monterey, CA (August 24), FYF Festival in Los Angeles (August 25) and Bumbershoot Festival in Seattle (Sept. 2). MGMT will also play 2 festivals dates in Canada, performing at the Keloha Music and Arts Festival in Kelowna, B.C (July 5-7) and Festival D’Ete International De Quebec, PQ on July 9th. In the fall MGMT will commence a tour of Europe with stops in Glasgow, Cologne, Berlin, Paris and more. The band's first show at the Forum in London sold out immediately with a second show being added (see below for full list of tour dates). US Tour Dates for November-December will be announced next month. The full track listing for MGMT is as follows: Alien Days Cool Song No. 2 Mystery Disease Introspection Your Life Is a Lie A Good Sadness Astro-Mancy I Love You Too, Death Plenty Of Girls In the Sea An Orphan Of Fortune North American Tour Dates: July 3 Milwaukee, WI Summerfest/BMO Harris Bank July 5-7 Kelowna, B.C Keloha Music & Arts Festival July 9 Quebec City , PQ Festival D’Ete International De Quebec July 12 Lansing, MI Common Ground Music Festival July 13 Cincinnati, OH Bunbury Music Festival August 24 Monterey, CA Monterey County Fairgrounds August 25 Los Angeles, CA FYF Festival August 26 Las Vegas, NV The Pool at The Cosmopolitan August 29 Davis, CA Mondavi Center August 31 Bend, OR Les Schwab Amphitheatre September 1 Troutdale, OR Edgefield Amphitheatre September 2 Seattle, WA Bumbershoot Festival September 4 Boise, ID Knitting Factory September 5 Salt Lake City, UT Twilight Concert Series September 6 Denver, CO Fillmore Auditorium European Tour Dates (Guards supporting): September 26 Cologne, Germany Live Music Hall September 27 Brussels, Belgium AB September 29 Stockholm, Sweden Cirkus September 30 Oslo, Norway SentrumScene October 1 Copenhagen, Denmark Vega Main Hall October 3 Berlin, Germany Astra Kulturhaus October 4 Vienna, Austria Gasometer October 5 Munich, Germany Kesselhaus October 6 Zurich, Switzerland Komplex 457 October 8 Paris, France Olympia October 9 Hamburg, Germany Docks October 10 Utrecht, Netherlands Vredenburg Leidsche October 12 Glasgow, UK 02 ABC October 13 Wolverhampton, UK Civic Hall October 14 Manchester, UK O2 Apollo Manchester October 16 London, UK Forum October 19 Dublin, Ireland Olympia Theatre www.whoismgmt.com www.columbiarecords.com
GO TO BED WITH MILEY CYRUS ON “JIMMY KIMMEL LIVE” AND WAKE UP WITH THE GLOBAL SUPERSTAR ON “GOOD MORNING AMERICA” Disney-ABC Offers The first ever red-eye experience with Miley Cyrus Coast-to-Coast Cyrus Tour Concludes on "LIVE with Kelly and Michael" (Toronto, ON) Miley Cyrus is coming to ABC’s “Jimmy Kimmel Live” for an exclusive late night appearance on Tuesday, June 25. The hit maker will first sit down with the late night host to talk about her new music followed by an epic performance in the center of Hollywood, CA on JKL’s SONY outdoor stage in front of thousands of fans. This will be Miley’s first ever live performance of "We Can't Stop", the first single off her forthcoming RCA Records debut album. Straight from “JKL”, which airs at 11:35pm/10:35pm CT, Cyrus will hop on a jet and travel across the country to New York City where “Good Morning America” will capture every moment of her adventure. Fans will be able to relive Miley’s journey with “GMA” the next morning, Wednesday, June 26, featuring a performance by Cyrus at “GMA’s” studios in the heart of Times Square. The entire experience will conclude with a final stop at “LIVE with Kelly and Michael," where Cyrus will sit down with co-host Michael Strahan and guest co-host Kristin Chenoweth. Fans will enjoy ending their day with Cyrus’s performance on “Jimmy Kimmel Live” and continue their Miley-extravaganza as soon as they wake up with continued appearances on “Good Morning America” and “LIVE with Kelly & Michael.” ABOUT “GOOD MORNING AMERICA” Emmy Award-winning “Good Morning America,” featuring the anchor team of Robin Roberts, George Stephanopoulos, Sam Champion, Lara Spencer and Josh Elliott, airs MONDAY-FRIDAY (7:00-9:00 a.m., ET). The two-hour, live morning program airs on the ABC Television Network. Tom Cibrowski is senior executive producer. ABOUT “JIMMY KIMMEL LIVE” (weeknights, 11:35 p.m., ET) Jimmy Kimmel serves as host and executive producer of Emmy Award-nominated "Jimmy Kimmel Live," the ABC Television Network's late-night talk show. Now in its tenth season, "JKL" is packed with hilarious comedy bits and features a diverse lineup of guests including celebrities, athletes, musicians, comedians and humorous human interest subjects. Every night Kimmel delivers his up-to-the minute take on the latest news and pop culture topics from the day's events in his monologue, and has recently welcomed such notables as Johnny Depp, Meryl Streep, Tom Cruise, Robert Pattinson, Katy Perry, Will Farrell, Scarlett Johansson, Channing Tatum, Charlize Theron, John Krasinski, Jennifer Garner, Jessica Biel, Justin Bieber, Jessica Simpson, Kate Beckinsale, Ben Stiller, Jonah Hill, Andy Samberg, Michelle Williams, Zac Efron, Charlie Sheen, Chris Pine, Jeremy Renner, Jada Pinkett Smith, Josh Brolin, Russell Brand, Woody Harrelson and Joseph Gordon-Levitt. "Jimmy Kimmel Live," broadcasts from Disney's El Capitan Theater, located on Hollywood Boulevard in the heart of L.A.'s star-studded Walk of Fame. Kimmel showcases this illustrious location's unique character throughout his show by regularly interacting with the local "Super Heroes" parading along the boulevard and challenging passersby to participate in various comedy bits. He has also created many one-of-a-kind concert experiences, closing down Hollywood streets around his studio to hold musical block party events with artists such as Coldplay, Lady Gaga, Jay-Z and Depeche Mode, as well as special outdoor and lobby performances by Adele, Linkin Park, Justin Timberlake, Drake, Tony Bennett, Pitbull, Britney Spears, Lady Antebellum, Usher, Lenny Kravitz, Brad Paisley, Lil Wayne, Phoenix, 50 Cent, No Doubt and Dave Matthews Band. Jimmy Kimmel and Jill Leiderman serve as executive producers. Jason Schrift, Douglas DeLuca and Erin Irwin serve as co-executive producers. "Jimmy Kimmel Live" is shot live in front of a studio audience and produced by Jackhole Industries in association with ABC Studios. For more go to www.jimmykimmellive.com < >. ABOUT "LIVE WITH KELLY AND MICHAEL" (weekdays in national syndication) Emmy Award-winning talk show “LIVE with Kelly and Michael” is distributed in national syndication by Disney-ABC Domestic Television. Produced by WABC-TV in New York and executive-produced by Michael Gelman, “LIVE” airs in more than 200 markets across the U.S. Visit “LIVE” on the web at LIVEKellyandMichael.com, on Facebook, or follow “LIVE” on Twitter,@KellyandMichael. ABC Media Relations: Tra-Mi Callahan (818) 460-7967, Tra-Mi.Callahan@abc.com <mailto: Tra-Mi.Callahan@abc.com > Follow us on Twitter @JimmyKimmelLive,#JKL Photography and video available at www.abcmedianet.com < >. Photo request line (818) 460-6611.
MIKE POSNER TO JOIN JUSTIN BIEBER’S BELIEVE TOUR STARTING JUNE 22 NEW SINGLE “THE WAY IT USED TO BE” OUT NOW NEW ALBUM “PAGES” COMING SOON (Toronto, ON) – Singer, songwriter and producer Mike Posner will join Justin Bieber’s BELIEVE tour presented by Motorola, starting on June 22. The 30-date leg of the tour, announced in December as a result of overwhelming demand, kicks off Saturday June 22 at the Valley View Casino Center in San Diego, CA and will also feature Posner’s label mates Hot Chelle Rae. Posner just released his new single “The Way It Used To Be” on June 10th. His sophomore album Pages (RCA Records) will be released later this year. The first single The Way It Used To Be was co-written by Mike Posner, Martin Johnson, Ammo and produced by Martin Johnson and Ammo. The single is available at all digital providers and will impact radio in July. Listen to The Way It Used To Be here: . Watch the lyric video here: . Additionally, it was previously announced that Mike Posner will be a special guest on Ke$ha’s Warrior Tour in August. Since the release of Posner’s major label debut 31 Minutes To Takeoff in August of 2010, he has been in the studio working on his own music as well as producing and writing with artists such as Justin Bieber (Boyfriend), Labrinth (Beneath Your Beautiful), as well as Big Sean, Wiz Khalifa, Snoop Dogg, 2 Chainz, and Sammy Adams. He has also traveled all over the world promoting his album and his three smash singles, the multi-platinum breakout hit “Cooler Than Me” (recorded in his dorm room), “Please Don’t Go” and “Bow Chicka Wow Wow” which featured Lil’ Wayne. Posner has performed on The Ellen DeGeneres Show, The Late Night with Jimmy Fallon, and many more. In March of 2009, Posner’s first mixtape A Matter of Time (recorded in his dorm room) rose to the #1 position on iTunesU, promptly garnering him the attention of major labels. After signing a deal with RCA Records that summer, Posner returned to Duke University to finish up his course load, all the while beginning work on his debut album, self-releasing his second free mixtape One Foot Out The Door through iTunesU and rocking shows every weekend at colleges and festivals across the country. Just a year after A Matter of Time reached #1 on iTunesU, his debut album 31 Minutes to Takeoff reached #1 on iTunes proper. 25 year old Mike Posner hails from Detroit, MI and currently resides in Los Angeles, CA. www.mikeposner.com @mikeposner
GRAMMY AWARD-WINNING ARTIST JOHN LEGEND RELEASES LATEST SINGLE, “MADE TO LOVE” Fourth Solo Studio Album, Love In The Future, Drops September 3rd New York, NY (June 18th, 2013) Nine-time Grammy Award-winning artist John Legend has released “Made to Love,” the second single from his much anticipated fourth solo studio album, Love in the Future. The single - a follow up to the critically acclaimed “Who Do We Think We Are,” featuring Rick Ross - was produced by Dave Tozer, Nana Kwabena, Kanye West and Da Internz and is available digitally at . The song's video, set for a mid-July release, was created from a concept by Yoann Lemoine (Drake/Rihanna, "Take Care;" Lana Del Rey, "Born To Die;" Woodkid, "Iron”) and was directed by acclaimed fashion photographer Daniel Sannwald. Legend will perform “Made to Love,” on Good Morning America as a part of their Summer Concert Series on Friday, June 21st. Love In the Future will be released by G.O.O.D. Music/Columbia on September 3rd. The highly anticipated album was produced by Legend and longtime collaborators Kanye West and Dave Tozer. About John Legend: Ohio-born John Legend is a critically acclaimed, multi-award winning, platinum-selling singer-songwriter. He’s sold an impressive seven million albums worldwide. His work has garnered him nine Grammy Awards, three Soul Train Awards, the BET Award for Best New Artist and the special Starlight Award from the Songwriters Hall of Fame. A graduate of University of Pennsylvania where he studied English and African-American literature, Legend participated in a wide range of musical activities while in college. During the same period, Legend was introduced to Lauryn Hill, who hired him to play piano on her track "Everything Is Everything," and shortly thereafter he began to play shows around the Philadelphia area, eventually expanding his audience base to New York, Boston, Atlanta and Washington D.C. After college, Legend was introduced to then up-and-coming hip-hop artist Kanye West, who quickly signed Legend to his G.O.O.D. Music imprint and hired him to sing vocal hooks on some of his music. Legend started gaining momentum through a series of similar collaborations with established artists, adding vocals to an impressive list of chart-topping hits including West's "All of the Lights," Jay-Z's "Encore" and back-up vocals on Alicia Keys' 2003 song, "You Don't Know My Name." Legend’s debut album, Get Lifted, was released in December of 2004 through Columbia Records. The critically acclaimed album spawned the artist's first hit single, “Ordinary People,” and scored Legend multiple Grammy Awards in 2006, including Best R&B Album, Best New Artist and Best Male R&B Vocal Performance. The follow up was 2006’s platinum-selling Once Again, which brought Legend another Grammy, Best Male R&B Performance, for his single “Heaven,” and included collaborations with Kanye West, will.i.am and Raphael Saadiq. Legend’s next release was 2008’s Evolver, led by the hit single "Green Light" featuring Andre 3000. Legend's most recent effort was his 2010 collaboration with the Roots, Wake Up, which won the Grammy for Best R&B Album a year later. Throughout his career, John has worked to make a difference in the lives of others. In 2007, he launched the Show Me Campaign (ShowMeCampaign.org), an initiative that focuses on education as a key to break the cycle of poverty. The 2010 BET Humanitarian of the Year award, the 2009 CARE Humanitarian Award for Global Change, the 2009 Bishop John T. Walker Distinguished Humanitarian Service Award from Africare and the 2011 Harvard Foundation Artist of the Year Award recognize Legend's efforts and leadership in this arena. John sits on the boards of The Education Equality Project, Teach for America, Stand for Children and the Harlem Village Academies and co-chairs the Harlem Village Academies’ National Leadership Board.
JOHN MAYER’S LATEST SINGLE “PAPER DOLL” AVAILABLE NOW FIRST SINGLE FROM FORTHCOMING NEW ALBUM PARADISE VALLEY (New York City, June 18, 2013) Grammy Award-winning singer, songwriter and musician John Mayer released “Paper Doll” today, the first single from his forthcoming Paradise Valley. Mayer first shared news of a new album through his tumblr blog on May 2. John is currently in the studio finishing the album, which he and longtime collaborator Don Was are producing. Was has worked on albums for acts such as the Rolling Stones, B.B. King and Bonnie Raitt. Columbia Records previously announced that Mayer will kick off his first tour in three years on July 6, in Milwaukee. The 40-stop U.S tour continues through early October, before heading to Europe for eight sold-out arena shows in four countries. Mayer hits South America for the first time—Buenos Aires, Sao Paulo and the Rock in Rio festival in Rio de Janeiro—in mid-September and all three shows are sold out. He will also be performing at Philadelphia’s annual Fourth of July Jam. Mayer will use the U.S. tour to both raise funds for and heighten awareness of the effects of post traumatic stress on our military veterans. One dollar from each tour ticket sold in the United States will go to the Northern California Institute for Research and Education. Mayer partnered with NCIRE two years ago to create programs that help veterans return to healthy and productive civilian lives. Mayer’s previous albums—Room for Squares, Heavier Things, Continuum, live album Where the Light Is, Battle Studies and Born and Raised—have sold 20 million copies worldwide combined. He has been honored with seven Grammy Awards and an additional 11 nominations. He has also been included in Time Magazine’s annual Time 100 list of the most influential contemporary thinkers, leaders, artists and entertainers, and twice been featured on the cover of Rolling Stone Magazine’s annual "Guitar" issue. Last year, he was honored in Washington, D.C. by the Recording Academy for his philanthropic work on behalf of both U.S. military veterans and young people interested in music. “Paper Doll” on iTunes: “Paper Doll” on Amazon:
BRITNEY SPEARS’ NEW SINGLE “OOH LA LA” RELEASED TODAY, BUNDLED WITH THE DEBUT SINGLE “VACATION” FROM BRAND NEW ARTIST G.R.L. THE SMURFS™ 2 (MUSIC FROM AND INSPIRED BY) TO BE RELEASED JULY 23RD FOR COLUMBIA PICTURES/SONY PICTURES ANIMATION’S FAMILY COMEDY “THE SMURFS™ 2” DUE OUT IN THEATERS JULY 31ST (Toronto, ON) – Earlier today, pop icon Britney Spears premiered her new single “Ooh La La” on “On Air With Ryan Seacrest.” The single is available today as a bundle with the debut single from brand new artist G.R.L. entitled “Vacation” via Kemosabe Kids/RCA Records. Both tracks will be featured on the soundtrack for Columbia Pictures/Sony Pictures Animation’s highly-anticipated family comedy The Smurfs™ 2 entitled, The Smurfs™ 2 (Music From and Inspired by), which will be released on July 23rd. For a limited time, “Ooh La La” and “Vacation” are available as a bundle offer at iTunes.ca. The soundtrack, The Smurfs™ 2 (Music From and Inspired by), will be available for pre order at itunes.ca today. “Ooh La La,” which will play over the end credits of the film, was written by Lukasz Gottwald (Dr. Luke), Joshua Coleman (Ammo), Henry Walter (Cirkut), Bonnie McKee, Jacob Kasher Hindlin (J Kash), Lola Blanc and Fransisca Hall, and produced by Dr. Luke, Ammo and Cirkut for Prescription Songs. G.R.L. is an extraordinarily talented and fresh five-some comprised of Simone Battle, Lauren Bennett, Emmalyn Estrada, Natasha Slayton, and Paula Van Oppen. Each member of the group possesses massive charisma and musical ability which shine through on “Vacation,” an irresistible summer anthem about going out with your girls and forgetting about the boys, co-written by hitmakers Dr. Luke and Max Martin as well as Bonnie McKee and Henry Walter and produced by Dr. Luke, Max Martin and Cirkut, with whom G.R.L. are recording their debut album for Dr. Luke’s record label Kemosabe. In The Smurfs™ 2, the sequel to Columbia Pictures/Sony Pictures Animation’s hybrid live action/animated family blockbuster comedy The Smurfs, the evil wizard Gargamel creates a couple of mischievous Smurf-like creatures called the Naughties that he hopes will let him harness the all-powerful, magical Smurf-essence. But when he discovers that only a real Smurf can give him what he wants, and only a secret spell that Smurfette knows can turn the Naughties into real Smurfs, Gargamel kidnaps Smurfette and brings her to Paris, where he has been winning the adoration of millions as the world¹s greatest sorcerer. It’s up to Papa, Clumsy, Grouchy, and Vanity to return to our time, reunite with their human friends Patrick and Grace Winslow, and rescue her! Will Smurfette, who has always felt different from the other Smurfs, find a new connection with the Naughties Vexy and Hackus – or will the Smurfs convince her that their love for her is True Blue? The film is directed by Raja Gosnell and produced by Jordan Kerner. The screenplay is by J. David Stem & David N. Weiss and Jay Scherick & David Ronn and Karey Kirkpatrick with a story by J. David Stem & David N. Weiss & Jay Scherick & David Ronn, Based on the Characters and Works of Peyo. The Smurfs 2, the sequel to the hit hybrid live action/animated film that took in over $560 million at the worldwide box office in 2011, is set to hit theaters on July 31, 2013. The Smurfs™ 2 Music From and Inspired by Track Listing 1. Britney Spears – “Ooh La La” 2. G.R.L. – “Vacation” 3. Becky G featuring Austin Mahone – “Magik 2.0” 4. Owl City – “Live It Up” 5. Sophia Black – “Everything Breaks” 6. Cady Groves – “Forget You” 7. Kiana Brown – “Hey Chica” 8. Nelly Furtado featuring Ace Primo – “High Life” 9. Buckwheat Zydeco – “Tutti Frutti” 10. Right Said Fred – “I’m Too Smurfy” About Britney Spears Multi-platinum, Grammy Award-winning pop icon Britney Spears is one of the most successful and celebrated entertainers in pop history. Her musical career boasts nearly 100 million albums sold worldwide and countless awards and accolades, including the 2011 MTV Video Vanguard Award and Billboard’s Best-Selling Female Artist of the Decade (1998-2008). Spears first captivated audiences with her first single “…Baby One More Time,” an international hit that is currently 14x Platinum in the U.S. So far, Spears has earned a total of five No.1 debut albums and 24 Top 40 songs in her career. Spears was last seen as a judge on FOX’s “The X-Factor” in the US and is currently featured on will.i.am 's hit song "Scream & Shout." Britney is currently working on her 8th studio album. About RCA Records RCA Records is a division of Sony Music Entertainment. RCA includes a diverse roster of internationally renowned artists representing all genres of music including Justin Timberlake, P!nk, Alicia Keys, Britney Spears, Foo Fighters, Kelly Clarkson, Usher, Kings Of Leon, Chris Brown, Christina Aguilera, Dave Matthews Band, Miley Cyrus, Pitbull, Ke$ha, R. Kelly, Jamie Foxx, Jennifer Hudson, D'Angelo, Fantasia, Monica, Buddy Guy, Brandy, The Strokes, Daughtry, Three Days Grace, Dido, Tool, Santana, Kirk Franklin, Fred Hammond, and Whitney Houston, among others; critically acclaimed and chart topping artists including Miguel, Ray LaMontagne, Anthony Hamilton, Jimmy Eat World, Marsha Ambrosius, Adam Lambert, Mike Posner, Gavin DeGraw, Hot Chelle Rae, Cage The Elephant and Jordin Sparks; burgeoning artists A$AP Rocky, Mikky Ekko, Walk The Moon, Elle Varner, Tom Odell, Becky G., Sammy Adams, 2AM Club, Elle King, K. Flay, Jacob Latimore and many more. About the Smurfs The story of the Smurfs - a property created by Peyo - started in 1958 with the creation of comic books which were later brought to both the big and small screen. Over the years, the little blue characters haven't just limited themselves to the page and the screen. They have inspired records and CDs that have sold millions of copies, entire collections of figurines and toys, and many more products. In all, more than 3,000 derived products have been produced and leading brands and companies have spread their messages worldwide with the help of the Smurfs. A multitude of new projects appear regularly, thus making the success of the Smurfs planetary! About Sony Pictures Entertainment Sony Pictures Entertainment (SPE) is a subsidiary of Sony Entertainment Inc., a subsidiary of Tokyo-based Sony Corporation. SPE's global operations encompass motion picture production, acquisition and distribution; television production, acquisition and distribution; television networks; digital content creation and distribution; operation of studio facilities; and development of new entertainment products, services and technologies. For additional information, go to . About Sony Pictures Animation Sony Pictures Animation produces a variety of animated entertainment for audiences around the world. The studio is following its worldwide comedy hits – the 2012 monster hit comedy Hotel Transylvania, the 2011 hybrid live action/animated blockbuster The Smurfs, and the 2009 mouth-watering Cloudy with a Chance of Meatballs – with The Smurfs 2 in July 2013, and Cloudy With A Chance of Meatballs 2 in September 2013. Sony Pictures Animation, in conjunction with Aardman Animations, has produced two critically acclaimed feature films: the CG-animated family comedy Arthur Christmas; and the Academy Award® nominated stop-frame animated high-seas adventure, The Pirates! Band of Misfits. In 2007, Surf's Up also received an Academy Award® nomination for Best Animated Feature Film. The division, whose first feature film Open Season led to a very successful movie franchise, turned 10 in 2012. Sony Pictures Animation is an operating unit of Sony Pictures Digital Productions. * Website: * Facebook: https://www.facebook.com/SONYPicturesAnimation * Twitter: * Tumblr: * YouTube: About Lafig Belgium S.A. Lafig Belgium is the owner of the rights to produce audio-visual works based on the Smurf universe and of the Smurf worldwide licensing rights (together with IMPS). Lafig Belgium is controlled by the heirs of Pierre Culliford, better known under his pseudonym Peyo, the author/creator of the Smurfs. For 50 years, the Culliford family has controlled the Smurf characters and all licenses worldwide. Britney Spears Official Website: www.britney.com G.R.L. Official Website: www.GRLNation.com The Smurfs™ 2 Official Motion Picture Website RCA Records Press Site: www.rcarecordspress.com
MADONNA AND DAUGHTER, LOLA, ANNOUNCE RITA ORA AS THE NEW FACE OF MATERIAL GIRL (New York, NY) June 12, 2013-- Madonna and her daughter, Lola confirmed today that Rita Ora has been cast as the new global face of their junior lifestyle brand, Material Girl. Ora, an internationally renowned singer and protégé of Jay-Z, will star in the brand’s global marketing campaign. The Fall 2013 advertising campaign will be unveiled in July. Madonna and Lola, commented, “Rita is a talented beauty but what really drew us to her is the confidence she oozes through her music and her unique sense of style. On stage or off, in photos or on the street - she's a magnet! This is what the Material Girl brand is all about!” Contrary to previous reports, Madonna and Rita met for the first time on Saturday, June 1st at the “Sound For Change” concert at London’s Twickenham Stadium. The Material Girl brand is available exclusively at Macy’s in the United States, The Bay in Canada, in Europe and Australia.
LAURA MVULA RETURNS TO NORTH AMERICA FOR HEADLINING TOUR DATES ‘SING TO THE MOON’ OUT NOW (Toronto, ON - June 12, 2013) – Immensely talented UK singer-songwriter Laura Mvula will return to North America for a string of headlining dates in September. After selling out New York’s Bowery Ballroom in May, she will kick off the run with a pair of dates in NYC at Le Poisson Rouge and Brooklyn’s Music Hall of Williamsburg, before heading off to Toronto, Philadelphia, Chicago, San Francisco, and ending at LA’s El Rey Theatre. Tickets for all dates will go on sale this Friday, June 14. Mvula’s performances both live and on her debut Sing To The Moon have met with amazing critical praise both in the US and at home in the UK. The New York Times said of her Bowery Ballroom performance “more akin to the recent wave of female singer-songwriters – Tune-Yards, Julianna Barwick, even Joanna Newsom—who shape whole, complex, tightly orchestrated musical worlds around their words… her songs here were full of tactile multipart harmonies and arrangements that allowed each instrument to breathe,” while Vogue called their Artist of the Week’s performance “a wall of sound that ensconces the audience in Mvula’s unique brand of soul/rock/gospel.” Sing To The Moon has been widely praised, from the Wall Street Journal’s assessment as “quietly yet forcefully brilliant… smart, sophisticated contemporary pop infused with a sense of bliss,” to People’s 4-star review that promises “with her enchanting, lushly arranged potion of neo-soul, orchestral pop and torchy jazz—plus a lovely lilt perhaps owing to her Caribbean roots—she’s the most likely to keep you spellbound,” to Pitchfork’s description of “a triumph of arrangement and melody… combine[s] earworm hooks with beautiful, uniquely shaped verses… Mvula's debut is filled with visceral and musical beauty.” Essence Magazine also selected Laura as One To Watch in 2013, and said that “[Mvula boasts] a velvet voice coupled with richly textured harmonies and lush orchestral arrangements,” and Entertainment Weekly included Mvula on their Must List, describing her as “[The Brits’] next great homegrown soulstress.” NPR has also been a huge early supporter, with All Things Considered raving that “it sounds like practically nothing else out there. It's not exactly pop or soul or jazz; it's all those things, yet it transcends those things… a debut that's ambitiously distinct and confident.” At home in the UK, the Daily Mail, the Daily Mirror, the Evening Standard, the Guardian, the Telegraph, and Metro all gave Sing To The Moon 4 stars and the Independent on Sunday gave the album 5 stars, and the Sunday Times selected it as their Album of the Week. She was also nominated for the 2013 BRITs Critics’ Choice Award and ranked fourth on the shortlist for the coveted BBC Sound of 2013. Mvula made her UK TV debut on The Graham Norton Show, where she performed the lively track “Green Garden,” and has also performed on Later… With Jools Holland and Alan Carr: Chatty Man. She recently completed a tour with Jessie Ware and will perform this summer on Glastonbury’s main Pyramid Stage. “Laura Mvula makes a stunning entrance on her debut album… The songs on Sing to the Moon chart boldly idiosyncratic paths.” –LA Times “Laura Mvula swings soul in a fresh direction.” –NY Daily News “There’s not a moment here that doesn’t captivate.” –San Francisco Chronicle “Laura Mvula is a commanding presence… Mvula grafts a potent, naturally dramatic sense of soul – the centerpiece to a perfect debut effort.” –Philadelphia Enquirer “She” video: “Green Garden” video: “That’s Alright” video: Sing To The Moon on iTunes: Sing To The Moon on Amazon: Laura Mvula North American Headlining Tour 9/4 Brooklyn, NY Music Hall of Williamsburg 9/5 New York, NY Le Poisson Rouge 9/7 Toronto, ON Mod Club 9/9 Philadelphia, PA World Cafe Live 9/13 Chicago, IL Martyrs 9/15 San Francisco, CA Yoshi’s Lounge 9/17 Los Angeles, CA El Rey
SELF-TITLED RECORD FROM THE CIVIL WARS TO BE RELEASED AUGUST 6 ON SENSIBILITY MUSIC/COLUMBIA RECORDS FIRST SINGLE “THE ONE THAT GOT AWAY” PREMIERES ALBUM PRE-ORDER NOW AVAILABLE The Civil Wars’ highly anticipated sophomore self-titled album will be released August 6 on Sensibility Music/Columbia Records. This is the follow up to the three-time Grammy Award-winning duo’s acclaimed debut, Barton Hollow, which is now certified RIAA Gold in the U.S. In advance of the release, the album’s first single, “The One That Got Away,” is now available to stream ( ) and purchase ( ). The album is also now available to pre-order. The Civil Wars was recorded in Nashville between August 2012 and January 2013. Charlie Peacock was once again at the helm as producer for the album. Additionally, Rick Rubin produced the duo’s performance for the track “I Had Me a Girl” in August of 2011. Peacock later completed the track by producing the instrumentation and mix. The album was recorded amidst a grueling touring schedule, exhausting workload and a growing disconnect from their families. Personal statements from band-members Joy Williams and John Paul White can be viewed at www.thecivilwars.com . The Civil Wars Track Listing: 1. The One That Got Away 2. I Had Me a Girl 3. Same Old Same Old 4. Dust to Dust 5. Eavesdrop 6. Devil’s Backbone 7. From This Valley 8. Tell Mama 9. Oh Henry 10. Disarm 11. Sacred Heart 12. D’Arline
MIKE POSNER RELEASES NEW SINGLE “THE WAY IT USED TO BE” TODAY NEW ALBUM “PAGES” COMING SOON (Toronto, ON) – Singer, songwriter and producer Mike Posner has released his new single “The Way It Used To Be” today. His sophomore album Pages (RCA Records) will be released later this year. The first single The Way It Used To Be was co-written by Mike Posner, Martin Johnson, Ammo and produced by Martin Johnson and Ammo. The single will impact radio in July and will be available at all digital providers tomorrow, June 11th. Listen to The Way It Used To Be here: . Watch the lyric video here: . Additionally, Mike Posner will be a special guest on Ke$ha’s Warrior Tour in August. Says Posner, "First of all, I'm so grateful for all the blessings and wonderful people in my life who have supported my creative process. I'm beyond excited to share "The Way It Used To Be" with the world. I love releasing music in the summer when the weather is beautiful and people are happy." Since the release of Posner’s major label debut 31 Minutes To Takeoff in August of 2010, he has been in the studio working on his own music as well as producing and writing with artists such as Justin Bieber (Boyfriend), Labrinth (Beneath Your Beautiful), as well as Big Sean, Wiz Khalifa, Snoop Dogg, 2 Chainz, and Sammy Adams. He has also traveled all over the world promoting his album and his three smash singles, the multi-platinum breakout hit “Cooler Than Me” (recorded in his dorm room), his top 10 follow up “Please Don’t Go” and “Bow Chicka Wow Wow” which featured Lil’ Wayne. Posner has performed on The Ellen DeGeneres Show, The Late Night with Jimmy Fallon, and many more. In March of 2009, Posner’s first mixtape A Matter of Time (recorded in his dorm room) rose to the #1 position on iTunesU, promptly garnering him the attention of major labels. After signing a deal with RCA Records that summer, Posner returned to Duke University to finish up his course load, all the while beginning work on his debut album, self-releasing his second free mixtape One Foot Out The Door through iTunesU and rocking shows every weekend at colleges and festivals across the country. Just a year after A Matter of Time reached #1 on iTunesU, his debut album 31 Minutes to Takeoff reached #1 on iTunes proper in the U.S. 25 year old Mike Posner hails from Detroit, MI and currently resides in Los Angeles, CA. Special Guest Mike Posner on Ke$ha’s Warrior Tour Dates: 08/09 Ke$ha with Mike Posner – Cleveland, OH – Jacobs Pavilion 08/12 Ke$ha with Mike Posner – Vienna, VA – Wolftrap 08/14 Ke$ha with Mike Posner – Raleigh, NC – Red Hat Amphitheater 08/15 Ke$ha with Mike Posner – Charlotte, NC – Uptown Amphitheater 08/18 Ke$ha with Mike Posner – Lincoln, NE – Pershing Center 08/19 Ke$ha with Mike Posner – Minneapolis, MN – Myth 08/21 Ke$ha with Mike Posner – Milwaukee, WI – Eagles Club 08/23 Ke$ha with Mike Posner – Uncasville, CT – Mohegan Sun 08/25 Ke$ha with Mike Posner – Canandaigua, NY – Marvin Sands Performing Arts Center 08/27 Ke$ha with Mike Posner – Columbus, OH – Lifestyle Communities Pavilion 08/30 Ke$ha with Mike Posner – Bangor, ME – Darling’s Waterfront Pavilion 08/31 Ke$ha with Mike Posner – Gilford, NH -- Meadowbrook US Cellular Pavilion
EMBLEM3 SET TO PERFORM ON GOOD MORNING AMERICA’S SUMMER CONCERT SERIES AND PRESENT AT THE 2013 TEEN CHOICE AWARDS BAND ANNOUNCES HEADLINE DATES AND WILL SUPPORT SELENA GOMEZ ON UPCOMING STARS DANCE TOUR DEBUT ALBUM NOTHING TO LOSE TO BE RELEASED THIS SUMMER (Toronto, ON – June 6, 2013) – X Factor breakout band Emblem3 is confirmed for a number of high profile TV appearances in the coming months. The band is set to perform hit single “Chloe (You’re The One I Want)” on ABC’s annual Good Morning America Summer Concert Series on Friday, June 7, joining a prestigious lineup that includes Mariah Carey, Jennifer Lopez, Alicia Keys, Demi Lovato, John Legend, Pitbull and Selena Gomez, who will all perform on the famed Central Park Stage this summer. Additionally, the band is confirmed to present at the 2013 Teen Choice Awards. The star-studded, two-hour event will air live Sunday, August 11 at 8:00PM ET / PT on FOX. Additional information can be found at and www.teenchoiceawards.com . Emblem3 will spend the summer on tour, having just announced a string of headline shows in early July (additional dates to be announced shortly). The band is also confirmed for a number of radio shows and fair dates before joining Selena Gomez on her Stars Dance tour across the US and Canada, which will begin on August 14 in Vancouver and run through the end of November . These dates follow April’s “Goin’ Back 2 Cali” tour, a cross-country roadtrip throughout the U.S. routing through 9 cities determined by a series of fan challenges. That tour followed a string of shows throughout February and March that sold out in under a minute, and saw Emblem3 adding multiple tour dates to their itinerary due to overwhelming demand from fans. For additional information and tour dates please visit . Emblem3’s debut album, Nothing To Lose, is set to be released this summer. The album, executive produced by award-winning songwriter and producer Savan Kotecha (Maroon 5, Usher, One Direction), will be available in deluxe and standard editions (see attached tracklistings) and includes hit single “Chloe (You’re The One I Want).” The track’s companion video debuted last week and can be viewed at . Emblem3 co-wrote much of the album, which features songwriting by Jack Antonoff of fun., Benji and Joel Madden of Good Charlotte and Max Martin (Taylor Swift, Maroon 5, Katy Perry). The album will be the first release on “Mr Kanani,” Savan Kotecha’s imprint on Syco Music through Columbia Records, and is available for pre-order at . Emblem3 are: brothers Wesley and Keaton Stromberg and lifelong friend Drew Chadwick. Nothing To Lose Tracklisting: 1) Just For One Day 2) Spaghetti 3) XO 4) Chloe (You’re The One I Want) 5) Girl next door 6) Nothing to Lose 7) Love LA Sunset Blvd 9) 3000 Miles 10) Teenage Kings 11) One Day 12) Do It All Again* 13) I Wish* 14) Jaiden (Live)* 15) Reason (Live)* *Deluxe version only Connect with Emblem3: www.emblem3.com/ www.twitter.com/emblemthree www.facebook.com/emblemthree www.instagram.com/emblemthree
LITTLE MIX MAKE HISTORY WITH THE TOP UK GIRL GROUP DEBUT EVER X FACTOR UK WINNER’S DEBUT ALBUM DNA DEBUTS TOP 5 ON THE BILLBOARD 200 ALBUM CHART AND THE CANADA NIELSEN SOUNDSCAN TOP ALBUM CHART (Toronto, ON– June 5, 2013) – Little Mix soar into the top 5 of the US Billboard 200 album chart, and the Canada Nielsen Soundscan Top Album Chart, with their debut album DNA selling 50,000 copies in the US and nearly 5,000 in Canada, entering the chart at No. 4 in both countries. The band makes chart history as the first ever British girl group to debut in the top 5 with their debut album release, surpassing the Spice Girls’ US record with their debut album SPICE entering the charts at No. 6 in 1997 and Canadian charts at 54. Globally, DNA has entered the top 5 in 7 countries and Little Mix has sold over 2 million records worldwide. The album features the hot summer single “Wings,” which reached a cumulative total of 120 million in radio audience. Views of the music video for “Wings” have surpassed 51 million on VEVO . “Wings” has become a pop culture hit and was featured in the season finale of FOX’s hit show GLEE, as well as covered by the final 4 contestants on this season’s American Idol. The top 5 debut is truly a testament to the power of the bands’ social reach and the rabid fanbase of thousands who showed up to the Mixer Magnet in-store signing across the US. Around the world, Little Mix fans have used online platforms such as Twitter, Tumblr and Facebook to create a global phenomenon and inspire a generation of Mixer-mania. Little Mix will make their US television debut on ABC’s Good Morning America annual Summer Concert Series on New York City’s prestigious Central Park Stage this Friday June 7th. The group will perform their hit single “Wings” and join a stellar line up of superstars who are set to take the stage this summer including Mariah Carey, Jennifer Lopez, Alicia Keys, Demi Lovato, John Legend, Pitbull and Selena Gomez. For free tickets and more information visit: . On June 10th, they will perform on ABC’s Live with Kelly & Michael and head to Piscataway, NJ later that day for an in-store signing with Seventeen Magazine, where they appear on the 2013 June/July cover (see below for full list of signings). Little Mix are Jesy Nelson, Perrie Edwards, Leigh-Anne Pinncok and Jade Thirlwall. All four girls auditioned for THE X FACTOR UK in 2011 as solo artists. However, at the suggestion of judge and mentor Tulisa Contostavlos they joined forces to become Little Mix, X FACTOR’s first ever victorious group. Having captured the hearts and minds of the UK with their winning chemistry, musical sensibility and breath-taking vocal prowess, the girls nabbed two consecutive No. 1 single’s with their debut UK single “Cannonball” and “Wings,” and are now preparing to conquer America with their old school pop and R&B sound. In the past year, Little Mix have amassed a dedicated and loyal fan base with over 132 million cumulative VEVO views, 1.6 million Facebook fans and over 3.2 million twitter followers. Check out the first episode of DNA in America here: Little Mix in the USA: DNA Diaries - Episode 1 DNA is available now iTunes: “Wings” available digitally now iTunes: MEET LITTLE MIX June 8th, 2013- San Francisco, CA June 9th, 2013- Los Angeles, CA June 10th, 2013- Piscataway, NJ Full details here: https://www.facebook.com/LittleMixOfficial/events For more info visit
MILEY CYRUS FIRST SINGLE "WE CAN'T STOP" OUT NOW NEW ALBUM COMING FALL 2013 (Toronto -ON) - Global superstar Miley Cyrus has released "We Can't Stop", the first single off her forthcoming RCA Records debut album. Listen to "We Can't Stop" here: . Co-written by Miley, along with Mike Will and Rock City and produced by Mike Will, "We Can't Stop" impacts radio today and is available at all digital retail providers. Miley has been in the studio working on her still untitled RCA Records debut which is due out later this year. Collaborating with renowned producers and songwriters such as Mike Will, Pharrell, Future, Dr. Luke and will.i.am , this album marks a creative evolution for Miley. Miley Cyrus is a world renowned entertainer with record breaking success in film, television and music. She is a multiplatinum recording artist and has sold over 12 million albums and 20 million tracks in the US alone. www.mileycyrus.com Twitter:@mileycyrus www.facebook.com/mileycyrus Stream on VEVO: Stream on Soundcloud: Download on iTunes: Download on AmazonMP3:
DAFT PUNK'S RANDOM ACCESS MEMORIES DEBUTS AT #1 ON ALBUM CHARTS ACROSS THE WORLD RANDOM ACCESS MEMORIES SELLS AN IMPRESSIVE 339,000 COPIES IN THE US AND 46,000 COPIES IN CANADA RANDOM ACCESS MEMORIES SELLS OVER A MILLION COPIES WORLDWIDE IN DEBUT WEEK (Wednesday, May 29, 2013) – Internationally, the album hit the #1 spot on digital charts in 97 countries, dominated UK charts to become the fastest selling album of 2013 and had the biggest first week album sales in France since 2007, where the album is already triple platinum. In Canada, Random Access Memories is the highest debut so far in 2013, with the #1 digital album and the #1 album in every province. Daft Punk also earned their first official #1 album in multiple countries including the US, Germany, Australia and Japan. The album is also officially #1 in France, Switzerland, Spain, Austria, Mexico, Italy, Belgium, Spain and others. In the US, Random Access Memories sold 339,000 copies, with the vinyl version becoming the biggest selling vinyl album in SoundScan’s LP Vinyl chart history. Random Access Memories is the first album in Billboard’s Electronic/Dance Song chart history to have every song debut simultaneously. Incredible public demand for the album not only led to unprecedented album sales and radio charting, but also to a steady stream of critical acclaim from media worldwide including features in The Wall Street Journal, The Globe and Mail, Billboard, The New York Times, NME, Rolling Stone, Time, The New Yorker and many more. “Get Lucky,” the first single from Random Access Memories immediately shot to the top of charts all over the world- selling 2.5 million digital tracks worldwide to date. It is the biggest selling single of 2013 in the UK, and the song is # 1 on national airplay charts across the globe. In the US, “Get Lucky” has garnered airplay across seven different formats of radio. The new 13 track album from the French duo, their first since 2005’s Human After All, features collaborations with Pharrell Williams, Julian Casablancas, Panda Bear, Nile Rodgers, Giorgio Moroder, Paul Williams, Todd Edwards, Chilly Gonzales, and DJ Falcon, amongst others. SELECT PRESS QUOTES: "EDM is MIA as dance gods turn back the clock with a spacy, star-packed blow out... Random Access Memories is full of WTF moments... orbiting somewhere between Pink Floyd's ‘Dark Side of the Moon’ and Earth, Wind and Fire's ‘That's The Way Of The World’... Its brilliance is often irrefutable" - ROLLING STONE “A headphones album in an age of radio singles; a bravura live performance that stands out against pro forma knob-twiddling ... It's also quite moving; melancholy runs through every song.” – ENTERTAINMENT WEEKLY "By the time you make it to the album’s astonishing final stretch, it’s hard not to think that Daft Punk have succeeded at what they set out to do." - PITCHFORK RANDOM ACCESS MEMORIES – AVAILABLE NOW iTUNES -
Emilio Fina’s Debut Album O Sole Mio In Stores June 18, 2013 Produced by Gemini Award winning Glenn Morley with help from internationally acclaimed vocal coach Elaine Overholt (Toronto, Ontario- May 24, 2013) Sony Music Entertainment Canada Inc. is proud to announce the release of Emilio Fina’s debut album O Sole Mio on June 18, 2013. Emilio appeared on Canada’s Got Talent and quickly won the hearts of viewers across the country with his mesmerizing voice and touching story. Produced by Gemini Award winning composer, producer and musical director Glenn Morley (Amy Sky, Gino Vannelli) with help from internationally acclaimed vocal coach Elaine Overholt (Chicago, Hairspray), O Sole Mio features a colourful array of tracks that reflect Emilio’s vocal diversity and range. “Emilio Fina deserves to be heard by the world. His deep passion and soulfulness in each song is paired with a very fine, natural voice and his commitment, and stamina, in the recording studio was incredible!” said Elaine Overholt. The title and lead track off the album, “O Solo Mio,” features Airbourne 11, a group of Emilio’s Air Canada colleagues from Toronto Pearson, with whom he previously performed with on the reality show Canada Sings. “O Sole Mio,” along with the Neapolitan classics “Torna A Surriento,” “Santa Lucia,” and “Mattinata,” pay homage to Emilio’s Italian roots and provide a fresh take on the country’s rich musical heritage. The group, Airboune 11, also appear on “Blue Spanish Eyes.” Growing up in Brampton, Ontario, Emilio first learned to sing in the choir at church. It was there where he fell in love with the beautiful melodies and emotive lyrics in spiritual hymns. For his debut album, Emilio selected two of his favourites, “Ave Maria” and “Panis Angelicus,” inviting Evan Chang, a boy soprano from his church in Kitchener, to join him on the latter. As founding director of two opera companies, Brampton Lyric Opera and Opera Kitchener, Emilio directed, produced, and promoted numerous stage productions. Emilio believes West Side Story and Les Misérables represent the best that Broadway has to offer and is excited to showcase three iconic songs from those two musicals on O Sole Mio. Performing the role of Maria in his recording of West Side Story’s “Somewhere” is opera star Teiya Kasahara, whom Emilio previously featured at his opera company, Opera Kitchener. A classically trained tenor, O Sole Mio also features Emilio’s powerful voice in the opera classics “Au fond du temple saint” with Mark Gardner, “Una furtiva lagrima,” “E lucevan le stele,” “O soave faniulla” with Teiya Kasahara, and “Nessun dorma.” “In a crowded field of Tenors, Emilio stands out for his deep intuitive understanding of these classic songs that is fresh, authentic, and exciting.” -Glenn Morley O Sole Mio Track List O Sole Mio (feat. Airborne 11) Torna A Surriento Santa Lucia Mattinata Ave Maria Panis Angelicus with Evan Chang Blue Spanish Eyes (feat. Neil Kristian & Airborne 11) Maria (from West Side Story) Somewhere with Teiya Kasahara (from West Side Story) Bring Him Home (from Les Misérables) Au fond du temple saint with Mark Gardner (from The Pearl Fishers by Bizet) Una furtiva lagrima (from L’Elisir D’Amore by Donizetti) E lucevan le stelle (from Tosca by Puccini) O soave fanciulla with Teiya Kasahara (from La Bohème by Puccini) Nessun dorma (from Turandot by Puccini) For more information, please visit: www.facebook.com/emiliofina https://twitter.com/EmilioFina
GRAMMY NOMINATED HIP HOP ARTIST J. COLE MOVES FORTHCOMING SOPHOMORE ALBUM BORN SINNER UP ONE WEEK TO COMPETE WITH KANYE WEST ALBUM AVAILABLE ON DIGITAL RETAILERS AND IN STORES ON JUNE 18TH PRE-ORDER AVAILABLE NOW J. COLE PERFORMED SELF-PRODUCED SINGLE “POWER TRIP” FEATURING MIGUEL ON LATE NIGHT WITH JIMMY FALLON Single Sells GOLD in the U.S. with Over 500,000 Units Sold May 23, 2013 - NEW YORK, NY – GRAMMY-Nominated Roc Nation/Columbia artist J. Cole has boldly moved his hotly anticipated sophomore album Born Sinner release date up one week to June 18th in order for his release to coincide with Kanye West. In addition to the standard version of the album, which boasts 16 tracks, J. Cole will also release a deluxe version, which features 21 tracks. Both the standard version and deluxe version of Born Sinner will be readily available at all digital retailers and in stores across the nation now on June 18th, rather than the original release date of June 25th. “New legends,” says J. Cole, in reference to moving up the release date of Born Sinner. Pre-orders for Born Sinner, both standard and deluxe versions, are now available. Fans can purchase online here: www.smarturl.it/bornsinnerDLX www.smarturl.it/bornsinner J. Cole also revealed the cover artwork for both the standard and deluxe versions of Born Sinner. Stark yet stunning, the imagery, created by artists Hugo & Marie, depicts the seven deadly sins for the standard version and a devil figure for the deluxe version. J. Cole released the album artwork on the heels of the launch of BornSinner.com, a striking digital platform that features audio and visual documentary style stories of the people who have been significant and instrumental in shaping J. Cole’s life as an artist, producer and person. The first single from Born Sinner, the self-produced “Power Trip” featuring Grammy Award winner Miguel, is his fastest selling single yet, and has already sold Gold in the States with over 500,000 units sold to date. The single, which premiered in the U.S. on Clear Channel Media & Entertainment radio stations, is fast approaching #1 on the Mediabase Rhythm Chart and is Top 10 on the Mediabase Urban Chart, currently commanding over 55 million per week in multi-format radio audience. Purchase “Power Trip” featuring Miguel: EXPLICIT: smarturl.it/powertrip CLEAN: smarturl.it/powertripclean The accompanying video for “Power Trip” featuring Miguel, creative directed by J. Cole and co-directed by Nabil and Mike Piscitelli, has also proven to be a fan favourite right out of the gate, having amassed over 7 million views on VEVO. The video is currently in rotation on MTV, MTV2, MTV Hits, MTV Jams, Fuse and BET. View “Power Trip” ft. Miguel: Marking his first late night television solo performance, J. Cole performed “Power Trip” on Late Night With Jimmy Fallon this week with Fallon’s house band, The Roots. View Late Night With Jimmy Fallon performance: www.smarturl.it/ColeFallon Born Sinner is the follow up to Cole’s commercially and critically acclaimed debut album Cole World: The Sideline Story. An auspicious first full body of work, the album, released in fall 2011, debuted at #1 on the Billboard charts, having sold over 217,000 copies in its first week. Praised by national publications such as Rolling Stone, Entertainment Weekly and USA Today, Cole went on to garner a Grammy nomination for Best New Artist. For more information on J. Cole, please visit www.bornsinner.com , www.jcolemusic.com , www.Dreamvillain.net , www.RocNation.com and www.columbiarecords.com .
Kenny Chesney Joins “Katie Couric” May 13 Almost Entire Show Devoted to Life On A Rock, Spread the Love Fund New York: There are few people in the world as driven as Kenny Chesney, who released Life On A Rock and launched Blue Chair Bay Rum last week, while knee deep in his No Shoes Nation 2013 Tour that includes 19 NFL Stadiums. But in the takes-one-to-know-one department journalist/talk show host/activist/mother of two, Katie Couric sought her own level of accomplishment when she spent almost the entire show catching up with her friend and fellow make-it-happener, due to air May 13th. “Katie is so smart, and so good,” Chesney says of the woman whose talk show received multiple Emmy nominations in its first season. “When you talk to her, you can tell she doesn’t just understand, she gets it… and that makes you want to really talk to her. That kind of interviewing is rare, and I’m so glad we were able to make it happen.” The show, which also features two segments of First Responders in the Boston Marathon Bombing and a mother/daughter who were both injured, focuses on Chesney’s Spread The Love Fund, earmarked to help the injured get prosthetics and related care, the inspiration behind his deeply reflective Life On A Rock, taste-testing Blue Chair Bay Rum and discussing work ethic, achievement and the things that make life matter. “Meeting the firemen and policemen, EMTs and the doctor who was running the Marathon and broke through the police barricade to treat the injured,” the songwriter says, “was really a profound perspective giver. You look at those people, who didn’t think about their own safety, but helping others – and you realize what a hero really is!” He also performed a stripped down version of Rock’s “Spread The Love” with guitarists Kenny Greenberg and Clayton Mitchell, the song the Wailers had recorded in Jamaica they asked Chesney to write lyrics for. Chesney’s portion of the money from all downloads of “Spread The Love” will go to the Spread the Love Fund. www.bmc.org/kenny “Katie is so generous to let us come on her show,” Chesney continues. “Not just to talk about life and music, but to talk about the Spread the Love Fund. She knows she can make a difference, and that’s just the kind of person she is.” Meanwhile, Chesney’s No Shoes Nation Tour hits Dallas May 11 at Cowboys Stadium. With a full slate of dates, through August 23-24’s closing stand at Foxboro, MA’s Gillette Stadium, the man with 24 #1s is again bringing the summer alive across the nation. The Boston Globe raved about his latest, “Chesney returns to that reflective, often acoustic place for Life On A Rock, and again hits a high-water mark,” while The Chicago Tribune opined, “the country superstar turns down the volume to offer a quieter and more contemplative meditation on sand and sea” and Billboard proclaimed, “Kenny Chesney’s Life On A Rock is surely the most personal work he’s ever done, and time will likely prove it to be among his best-loved by fans.”
JUSTIN TIMBERLAKE TO KICK OFF THE 20/20 EXPERIENCE WORLD TOUR STARTING OCTOBER 31 GRAMMY® AND EMMY® AWARD-WINNING ARTIST’S FIRST HEADLINING TOUR IN SIX YEARS WILL VISIT CITIES THROUGHOUT NORTH AMERICA, EUROPE, AUSTRALIA AND SOUTH AMERICA THE JOURNEY WITH TIMBERLAKE’S THE 20/20 EXPERIENCE FEATURING 10 NEW SONGS WILL CONTINUE WITH WORLDWIDE RELEASE ON SEPTEMBER 30 (Los Angeles) – One of this generation’s most-celebrated entertainers, Justin Timberlake, announced today he will kick off The 20/20 Experience World Tour starting this year on October 31. After dominating the global charts with the release of his acclaimed new album, The 20/20 Experience, Timberlake will bring his electrifying live shows to fans with a worldwide tour that will run through 2014. The Grammy® and Emmy® Award-winning artist’s first tour in six years will visit dozens of countries throughout North America, Europe, South America and Australia. The 20/20 Experience World Tour is promoted worldwide by Live Nation Global Touring. Justin also revealed today the musical journey started on The 20/20 Experience will continue with the worldwide release of the new album on September 30, 2013. The 20/20 Experience World Tour will kick off in North America starting on October 31 in Montreal, Quebec at the Bell Centre with dates lined up for Las Vegas, Dallas, Houston, Phoenix, Atlanta and more. On-sale dates for this tour will be staggered with tickets for several shows going on sale starting on May 13 at 10 AM local time. Justin Timberlake’s all-new fan club, The Tennessee Kids (#TNKids), will have access to a pre-sale starting on May 7 at 10 AM local time. Fans should visit www.justintimberlake.com/tennesseekids to register for the fan club and receive a special code to access the pre-sale. A pre-sale for MasterCard cardholders will begin on May 8 at 10 AM local time. Cardholders will also have access to exclusive after shows in select markets as a part of the MasterCard Priceless Cities program. Fans should visit www.priceless.com/justintimberlake for more information. A full list of cities, venues and public on-sale dates is listed below. For the latest information regarding pre-sale and on-sale dates, please visit www.justintimberlake.com or www.livenation.com . Hashtag: #JT2020TOUR The 20/20 Experience, already hailed by critics as one of the year’s best albums, will continue with a second worldwide release this year on September 30. Written and produced by Justin, the epic album will feature 10 all new songs that explore the sonic boundaries fans discovered with the music found on this year’s earlier release. Justin’s first album in 7 years, The 20/20 Experience, has been certified Double Platinum in the United States and is the year’s fastest selling album. It also earned Justin the biggest first week sales for a male artist in five years along with the third biggest digital debut in SoundScan history ranking just behind Lady Gaga and Taylor Swift. After its release, the critically-hailed album immediately soared to the #1 spot in the United States, United Kingdom, Germany, Canada, Australia, New Zealand, Ireland, Switzerland and across Asia. It spent a rare three weeks at #1 in both the United States and United Kingdom and has so far produced two chart-topping singles with ‘Suit & Tie’ and ‘Mirrors.’ Internationally, the album hit the #1 spot on iTunes in 93 countries, stormed the UK charts to become the biggest debut of 2013 and earned Justin his first #1 album in Germany. It also shattered iTunes records to become the fastest-selling album worldwide in their history. The long-awaited release became one of Target’s top three best-selling albums in the past decade, topping first week sales of his last release FutureSex/LoveSounds. It also led Timberlake to become Target’s biggest selling male artist since 2002. This year, Timberlake has made a series of headline-making appearances including well-received live performances during this year’s Grammy Awards and the Brit Awards in the UK, an interview on the long-running The Jonathan Ross Show in London and a performance and interview on Germany’s popular program called Wetten Dass. He also delivered a ratings-busting hosting gig on Saturday Night Live where he helped the show reach a 14-month high in audience numbers and did a week-long guest spot on Late Night With Jimmy Fallon where ratings were driven up 33% over last year among the coveted 18-34 demographic. Justin’s performances including several comedy sketches were often the most talked about events the following day and week earning praise from media across the world. He also delivered solid ratings for The Ellen DeGeneres Show in April where, for the first time in the show’s 10 year history, someone was both their sole guest and musical performer. Timberlake was honored this year by TIME Magazine as an Icon on their influential Time 100 List. In addition to The 20/20 Experience World Tour, fans will be able to see more of Justin Timberlake live when he and JAY Z kick off their Legends Of The Summer Stadium Tour in Toronto, Ontario on July 17 that will take the musical heavyweights to 12 cities across North America. On July 10, Timberlake will perform at Phoenix Park in Dublin, Ireland. He will headline the sold-out Wireless Festival in London on July 12 and will take the festival stage with JAY Z two days later on July 14. Timberlake is also a headliner at the Rock In Rio Festival on September 15 and will guest host the Capital FM Summertime Bash in London on June 9 at Wembley Stadium.
MAGIC! SIGNS WITH SONY MUSIC INTERNATIONAL VIA LATIUM ENTERTAINMENT NEW SINGLE “RUDE” HITS RADIO SOON; LYRIC VIDEO OUT NOW October 11th, 2013 – Toronto, ON – With a global smash single ready to hit the charts, MAGIC!, has signed with Sony Music International through Latium Entertainment. The relationship and deal was orchestrated by Edgar Berger, President/CEO of Sony Music International and Shane Carter, President, Sony Music Entertainment Canada, and does not only involve recording, but also touring and branding opportunities. Composed of Nasri (lead vocals), Mark Pelli (guitar), Alex Tanas (drums) and Ben Spivak (bass), MAGIC!, is a reggae-pop quartet from Toronto, Canada. The band itself is not new to the business, made up of members who were already well immersed in the music world. MAGIC! lead singer, Nasri, songwriter on the Grammy award winning album F.A.M.E. by Chris Brown and one-half of the Messengers, the songwriting team who have composed hit songs for artists such as Justin Bieber, Pitbull, and Chris Brown. Their new single “Rude” impacts rhythmic and pop radio shortly. The “Rude” lyric video is out now and the band has just completed tour stops with Matisyahu in the U.S. “We are thrilled MAGIC! has been signed to the Sony International family. MAGIC!’s raw energy and proven song-writing ability has mass commercial appeal and has potential to cross borders and be recognized on the worldwide stage,” says Shane Carter, President, Sony Music Entertainment Canada. “The international signing of MAGIC! is another step, as Canadian talent continues to be heard on a global scale.” “Every great band of our generation is led by a songwriter,” says Charles Chavez, CEO of Latium Entertainment. “After one listen, I envisioned the global trajectory of the music. Nasri’s ability to craft timeless pop songs plus the musicality of each member of the band, I feel is simply MAGIC!” "Its a dream come true!” says MAGIC! lead singer Nasri. “Being signed to Sony Music International gives us a shot of being a global band. We’re ready, the label believes in us – so let’s go!” ### Latium Entertainment is an international full service music entertainment, marketing and recording company with a focus on management and artist development. Founded in 1999 by Charles Chavez, the Los Angeles based company includes a diverse roster of global artists including Pitbull, Frankie J, Danny Mercer, Adam Irigoyen and MAGIC! About Sony Music Entertainment Sony Music Entertainment is a global recorded music company with a current roster that includes a broad array of both local artists and international superstars. The company boasts a vast catalog that comprises some of the most important recordings in history. It is home to premier record labels representing music from every genre, including Arista Nashville, Beach Street, Bystorm Entertainment, Columbia Nashville, Columbia Records, Day 1, Descendant Records,Epic Records, Essential Records, Essential Worship, Fo Yo Soul Recordings, Kemosabe Records, Legacy Recordings, MASTERWORKS, Polo Grounds, RCA Inspiration,RCA Nashville, RCA Records, Reunion Records, Sony Classical, Sony Music Latin, Star Time International, Syco Music, Vested in Culture and Volcano. Sony Music Entertainment is a wholly owned subsidiary of Sony Corporation of America. Social Channels: Facebook: Instagram: Youtube: Twitter: Website: Lyric video for the single “Rude” MAGIC! - Rude Soundcloud link to the single “Rude”
PROTEST THE HERO RELEASE LYRIC VIDEO FOR “A LIFE EMBOSSED” Due to the overwhelming response to the lyric video for the track “Clarity” from their forthcoming album Volition, Protest The Hero today release a lyric video for one of the more socially conscious songs on the album, “A Life Embossed.” Lead singer Rody Walker, who wrote the lyrics for the track says, “The boys in PTH are long time dog lovers, it has come to our attention that there's injustice afoot! Our home of Ontario Canada is the largest territory in all the world to pass legislation that discriminates against a specific breed of dog. This is a worldwide issue that the band is incredibly disturbed by. The song and video for "A Life Embossed" attempts to draw much needed attention to an issue that affects all dog lovers alike.” The link for the clip is Protest The Hero - A Life Embossed (Official Lyric Video) Volition will be released October 29th with a world tour to follow starting November 7th in Ottawa, Canada. Volition is available for pre-order on iTunes here: . Volition is also available for preorder at protestthero.merchnow.com . protestthehero.ca https://www.facebook.com/protestthehero -30-
MILEY CYRUS’ BANGERZ DEBUTS AT #1 IN CANADA BANGERZ DEBUTS AT #1 ON BOTH THE BILLBOARD TOP 200 ALBUM CHARTS AND DIGITAL ALBUM CHARTS WITH OVER 270K ALBUMS SOLD IN THE U.S. BANGERZ HITS #1 ON ITUNES IN OVER 70 COUNTRIES (Toronto, ON) - Miley Cyrus’ critically acclaimed new album Bangerz (RCA Records) debuts at #1 on the Nielsen Soundscan Sales Chart in Canada and on both the Billboard Top 200 Album chart and the Digital Album Charts with over 270k albums sold in the U.S. Additionally, during release week, Bangerz hit #1 on iTunes in over 70 countries. This marks Miley’s second #1 album and biggest sales week (outside of Hannah Montana properties) since 2008. Bangerz also debuted at #1 in Australia, Ireland and the UK where Miley currently has a double #1 with “Wrecking Ball” hitting the top slot on the UK singles charts. Bangerz debuted top 10 in at least a dozen other markets including New Zealand, Austria, Germany, Switzerland, Holland, Belgium, Argentina, Portugal, Sweden and more. Miley also sold 426,000 tracks from her album last week placing 14 songs on the Top 200 Digital Songs Chart in the U.S. Bangerz has been getting rave reviews including Entertainment Weekly calling it “…utterly fresh, a pop blitz from a hip-hop blueprint, and proof that Miley won't settle for just shocking us.” US Weekly declared it “the year's most titillating pop explosion.” And gave the album “4 stars (out of 4)” Both singles, “Wrecking Ball” and “We Can’t Stop”, off Bangerz have already sold 4.3 million copies in the US alone. “Wrecking Ball” hit #1 on the Billboard Hot 100 and stayed there for two weeks. It became Miley’s first Billboard Hot 100 #1 and her fastest-flying top 10 on Radio Songs. Miley reached the U.S. Radio Songs top 10 twice before, both times in 2009, with the No. 7-peaking “The Climb,” which took 12 weeks to enter the region, and the No. 8 hit “Party In The U.S.A.” In Canada “We Can’t Stop” hit #4 on the Mediabase CHR chart and “Wrecking Ball” is closing in on #1 on the Mediabase CHR and Hot AC charts. Miley has been on a worldwide promotional campaign to support the release of Bangerz with raved about performances, sketches and interviews on Saturday Night Live, The Today Show, Late Night With Jimmy Fallon and Ellen. NBC recently announced that Miley’s double duty as host and musical performer on SNL was the highest rated show since Justin Timberlake’s appearance in March. “Wrecking Ball” also hit #1 on Spotify where it reached the highest streams ever for any track in the US beating the next highest week by nearly 500 thousand plays. This exciting news came just two days after her music video for "Wrecking Ball" became the fastest music video ever to reach CERTIFIED status, VEVO's milestone for videos delivering 100 million views in only 6 days. Cyrus shattered the previous record which she held for “We Can’t Stop,” which was CERTIFIED by VEVO just 37 days after it premiered. Due to this success, VEVO will be honoring Miley’s "We Can't Stop," "Wrecking Ball," "Party in the U.S.A.," "Can't Be Tamed" and "7 Things" videos for passing the 100 million milestone. They will also include new exclusive interviews with Miley where she will talk about the making of these videos, her relationship with her fans and much more. Miley's CERTIFIED campaign kicks off across VEVO later this month. Miley Cyrus is a world renowned entertainer with record breaking success in film, television and music. She is a multiplatinum recording artist and has sold over 12 million albums and 20 million tracks in the US alone. www.mileycyrus.com Twitter:@mileycyrus www.facebook.com/mileycyrus
WALKING PAPERS ANNOUNCE CANADIAN TOUR DATES BAND TO TOUR WITH MONSTER TRUCK BEGINNING DECEMBER 4 IN VANCOUVER Toronto, ON-(October 16, 2013) – Seattle’s Walking Papers, the much-buzzed-about new band featuring rock luminaries Duff McKagan (Guns N’ Roses, Velvet Revolver), Barrett Martin (Screaming Trees, Mad Season), Jeff Angell and Benjamin Anderson (both of The Missionary Position) have announced a Canadian tour that kicks off December 4 at the Commodore Ballroom in Vancouver, B.C. The band will be supporting Hamilton, Ontario-based quartet Monster Truck. Walking Papers are touring in support of their critically acclaimed self-titled debut, which was recorded in Seattle and mixed by veteran producer Jack Endino (Soundgarden, Nirvana, Mudhoney). The album features a guest appearance by Pearl Jam guitarist Mike McCready, who played on “I’ll Stick Around” and lead single “The Whole World’s Watching.” The band recently released a concert performance for the latter, which can be seen at Walking Papers - "The Whole World's Watching" Live at the Moore Theater in Seattle . Over the course of the past several weeks, Walking Papers have been featured in the LA Times, Rolling Stone, Billboard, the Village Voice, USA Today and on Grammy.com, among others. In a review of the album, USA Today wrote, “Sometimes an album sounds nothing like you expect yet still blows you away. That’s the case with the self-titled debut from Seattle-based Walking Papers.” The band recently wrapped a second stage headlining run on the Uproar Tour, where they toured North America alongside Alice In Chains and Jane’s Addiction over the course of the past several weeks. Guitarist/vocalist Jeff Angell and drummer Barrett Martin formed the band last year and played their first shows in Seattle as a duo. They became a trio when bassist Duff McKagan joined and a quartet with the addition of keyboardist Benjamin Anderson. Angell and Martin also served as the album’s co-producers. Walking Papers show that a great song can be conveyed with thundering drums, rumbling bass, and a howling guitar just as easily as it can with percolating marimbas and shimmering vibraphone. The songs on this album can stand alone as individual stories, but taken together as a whole, they convey a much larger narrative with tales of wandering souls, the collisions of will, and the dark beauty of the American heart.
MAGIC! SIGNS WITH SONY MUSIC INTERNATIONAL VIA LATIUM ENTERTAINMENT NEW SINGLE “RUDE” HITS RADIO SOON; LYRIC VIDEO OUT NOW October 11th, 2013 – Toronto, ON – With a global smash single ready to hit the charts, MAGIC!, has signed with Sony Music International through Latium Entertainment. The relationship and deal was orchestrated by Edgar Berger, President/CEO of Sony Music International and Shane Carter, President, Sony Music Entertainment Canada, and does not only involve recording, but also touring and branding opportunities. Composed of Nasri (lead vocals), Mark Pelli (guitar), Alex Tanas (drums) and Ben Spivak (bass), MAGIC!, is a reggae-pop quartet from Toronto, Canada. The band itself is not new to the business, made up of members who were already well immersed in the music world. MAGIC! lead singer, Nasri, songwriter on the Grammy award winning album F.A.M.E. by Chris Brown and one-half of the Messengers, the songwriting team who have composed hit songs for artists such as Justin Bieber, Pitbull, and Chris Brown. Their new single “Rude” impacts rhythmic and pop radio shortly. The “Rude” lyric video is out now and the band has just completed tour stops with Matisyahu in the U.S. “We are thrilled MAGIC! has been signed to the Sony International family. MAGIC!’s raw energy and proven song-writing ability has mass commercial appeal and has potential to cross borders and be recognized on the worldwide stage,” says Shane Carter, President, Sony Music Entertainment Canada. “The international signing of MAGIC! is another step, as Canadian talent continues to be heard on a global scale.” “Every great band of our generation is led by a songwriter,” says Charles Chavez, CEO of Latium Entertainment. “After one listen, I envisioned the global trajectory of the music. Nasri’s ability to craft timeless pop songs plus the musicality of each member of the band, I feel is simply MAGIC!” "Its a dream come true!” says MAGIC! lead singer Nasri. “Being signed to Sony Music International gives us a shot of being a global band. We’re ready, the label believes in us – so let’s go!” ### Latium Entertainment is an international full service music entertainment, marketing and recording company with a focus on management and artist development. Founded in 1999 by Charles Chavez, the Los Angeles based company includes a diverse roster of global artists including Pitbull, Frankie J, Danny Mercer, Adam Irigoyen and MAGIC! About Sony Music Entertainment Sony Music Entertainment is a global recorded music company with a current roster that includes a broad array of both local artists and international superstars. The company boasts a vast catalog that comprises some of the most important recordings in history. It is home to premier record labels representing music from every genre, including Arista Nashville, Beach Street, Bystorm Entertainment, Columbia Nashville, Columbia Records, Day 1, Descendant Records,Epic Records, Essential Records, Essential Worship, Fo Yo Soul Recordings, Kemosabe Records, Legacy Recordings, MASTERWORKS, Polo Grounds, RCA Inspiration,RCA Nashville, RCA Records, Reunion Records, Sony Classical, Sony Music Latin, Star Time International, Syco Music, Vested in Culture and Volcano. Sony Music Entertainment is a wholly owned subsidiary of Sony Corporation of America. Social Channels: Facebook: Instagram: Youtube: Twitter: Website: Lyric video for the single “Rude” MAGIC! - Rude Soundcloud link to the single “Rude”
DAVID BOWIE 'LOVE IS LOST' (HELLO STEVE REICH MIX BY JAMES MURPHY FOR THE DFA) CANADIAN PREMIERE ON CBC RADIO Q THURSDAY OCTOBER 10th AT 10:00AM EST (Toronto, ON) - Taken from THE NEXT DAY the Barclaycard Mercury Music Prize nominated album, LOVE IS LOST has been remixed by LCD Soundsystem's James Murphy into a ten minute plus epic entitled 'HELLO STEVE REICH MIX BY JAMES MURPHY FOR THE DFA'. Artwork especially created for the mix by Jonathan Barnbook is attached. The remix will get its Canadian premiere at 10:00am EST Thursday 10th October on CBC Radio Q and will be available to stream on CBCMusic.ca at 3:00 PM EST as well as www.davidbowie.com from midnight the same day. LOVE IS LOST (HELLO STEVE REICH MIX BY JAMES MURPHY FOR THE DFA) is to be released as part of a three disc collectors set/download THE NEXT DAY EXTRA on November the 5th. THE NEXT DAY EXTRA will feature the original 14 song album, a 10 track companion album with five unheard songs/two remixes and a DVD featuring four videos from THE NEXT DAY, a 7-track digital EP bundle will also be available. THE NEXT DAY EXTRA is released on November 5th. THE NEXT DAY EXTRA (digital) THE NEXT DAY EXTRA (physical)
HAIM DEBUT TOP OF THE CHARTS IN THE US, CANADA, AND UK HAIM’S DAYS ARE GONE DEBUTS #6 IN THE US, #7 IN CANADA, AND #1 IN THE UK JIMMY KIMMEL LIVE! OUTDOOR CONCERT SET FOR NOVEMBER 5 (Columbia Records; New York, NY; October 9, 2013) – Following a massive surge of media attention, HAIM’s highly anticipated first full-length album Days Are Gone has debuted at #6 on the Billboard 200 album chart and #7 on the Nielsen SoundScan Top Albums chart. In the UK, Days Are Gone has debuted at #1, surpassing sales of new albums by established artists like Justin Timberlake and Dizzee Rascal. Renowned for their electrifying live performances, sisters Este, Danielle and Alana Haim are set to take over Jimmy Kimmel Live! with a special outdoor concert on Tuesday, November 5th. Jimmy Kimmel Live! airs weeknights at 11:35 PM ET/10:35 PM CT on ABC. Featuring crowd favourites, “Falling,” “Forever,” “Don’t Save Me,” and “The Wire,” as well as title track, “Days Are Gone,” co-written with Kid Harpoon and Jessie Ware, HAIM’s debut album has been released to tremendous critical acclaim. Touted as “instantly likeable” by The Associated Press, “irresistible” by the Los Angeles Times and “slick, confidently and winningly breezy” by The New York Times, Days Are Gone has been declared “one of the most proficient pieces of music to come out this year” by SPIN. The album has been awarded an 8.3 rating and “Best New Music” by Pitchfork, and has been hailed as “the kind of microtriumph you sit up and root for” by Rolling Stone in their 3.5 star review. The buzz surrounding HAIM’s debut release validates Time Out New York’s prediction that “2013 is going to be a good year for HAIM.” The band has received unprecedented media attention, being named an MTV “Artist to Watch,” a VH1 “You Oughta Know” artist, as well as being showcased as Spotify’s first ever “Spotlight” artist. In addition, HAIM have been featured on NPR Weekend Edition, have played a headlining slot at this year’s iTunes Festival and have received early support from Sirius XMU. HAIM are currently on tour after having made festival appearances at Lollapalooza, Bonnaroo, Austin City Limits and Made In America. Their recent captivating sold-out show at New York City’s Webster Hall led the New York Post to proclaim “when it comes to performing live, they already sound like masters of the art.” The band will headline shows at Vancouver’s Commodore Ballroom, Los Angeles’ Fonda, and San Francisco’s Treasure Island before wrapping up their Fall 2013 tour with a performance at Las Vegas’ Life is Beautiful Festival (see below for full North American tour dates). Tour Dates: 10/10 Lawrence, KS The Granada 10/12 Austin, TX Austin City Limits 10/14 Phoenix, AZ Crescent Ballroom 10/15 San Diego, CA Casbah 10/16 Los Angeles, CA Fonda 10/18 Pomona, CA The Glass House 10/20 San Francisco, CA Treasure Island 10/22 Portland, OR Mississippi Studios 10/23 Seattle, WA Neumos 10/24 Vancouver, BC Commodore Ballroom 10/27 Las Vegas, NV Life is Beautiful
MILEY CYRUS WRECKS ANOTHER RECORD!!! SHATTERING HER OWN RECORD, “WRECKING BALL” VIDEO BECOMES THE FASTEST TO REACH 100 MILLION VIEWS ACROSS VEVO “WRECKING BALL” IS CURRENTLY #1 ON THE ITUNES SONGS CHART (TORONTO-ON) In only 6 days, Miley Cyrus' music video for "Wrecking Ball" has become the fastest music video ever to reach CERTIFIED status, VEVO's milestone for videos delivering 100 million views. Cyrus shattered the previous record which she held for “We Can’t Stop,” which was CERTIFIED by VEVO in just 37 days after it premiered. VEVO's video view counts represent the only definitive and official metric across all digital platforms because of its far-reaching scale and reach, which includes online, mobile and tablet, connected devices and syndication partner sites like AOL, Facebook, Yahoo! Music and YouTube. Videos "CERTIFIED" by VEVO have achieved a similar milestone to that of the RIAA's Gold and Platinum certification for audio. Miley Cyrus premiered the video for her new single "Wrecking Ball" across VEVO on September 9th where it promptly delivered over 19.3 million views across the platform in the 24 hours following its premiere, setting a new record. The video was directed by Terry Richardson and shot in Los Angeles. "Wrecking Ball," the second single from "Bangerz" already hit the #1 spot at on the iTunes Top Songs Chart. Watch the music video HERE. Miley Cyrus will release her new album “Bangerz,” on October 8th which will include thirteen new tracks. Collaborating with renowned producers and songwriters such as Mike Will, Pharrell, Future, and will.i.am , this album marks a creative evolution for Miley. “Bangerz” is currently available for pre-order. Those who pre-order "Bangerz" at iTunes will get an instant grat track of “Wrecking Ball” and "We Can't Stop". The first single “We Can’t Stop” was released on June 3rd and immediately shot to #1 on iTunes in the US and 23 other countries. The single has climbed to #2 on the Billboard Hot 100 chart and has sold over 2 million tracks in the US alone. “We Can’t Stop” also became Cyrus’ first #1 single in the UK. In addition, the video for “We Can’t Stop” broke VEVO’s record for most views in a 24 hour period, and in only 37 days became the fastest video to reach 100 million views across VEVO. Miley Cyrus is a world renowned entertainer with record breaking success in film, television and music. She is a multiplatinum recording artist and has sold over 12 million albums and 20 million tracks in the US alone. www.mileycyrus.com Twitter:@mileycyrus www.facebook.com/mileycyrus
MGMT ANNOUNCE NORTH AMERICAN HEADLINING TOUR VIDEO FOR “COOL SONG NO. 2” DEBUTS VIA VEVO MGMT AVAILABLE NOW – INCLUDES THE “OPTIMIZER” A COMPLETE AUDIO + VISUAL EXPERIENCE (Toronto, ON; September 17, 2013) – In celebration of their new self-titled album out today, MGMT will hit the road for a North American headlining tour that will kick off November 10 with a special appearance at Fun Fun Fun Fest in Austin. As revealed by Jimmy Fallon during the band’s performance of “Plenty of Girls in the Sea” on Late Night with Jimmy Fallon last week, the tour will conclude on December 13 with the band playing a special hometown show at Barclays Center in Brooklyn, NY, following 2 Canadian dates in Toronto and Montreal (see below for full list of North American tour dates). Presales will begin Friday, September 20 at 10am local time at . MGMT is set to launch “Cool Song No. 2," the second video from MGMT, today via VEVO. Written and created by director Isaiah Seret and costume designer Mindy Le Brock, and shot by award-winning cinematographer, Bradford Young, “Cool Song No. 2” depicts a fully-realized future world in which genetically engineered plants are converted into euphoria-inducing drugs. The video stars Michael Kenneth Williams (known for his legendary roles as Omar in The Wire and Chalky White in Boardwalk Empire) as The Plant Hunter and Henry Hopper as his lover, Tree, who has been mutated by the drug and is undergoing the final stage of a bizarre physical transformation. “Cool Song No. 2” can be watched here: . MGMT has been released this week to widespread critical praise. Under The Radar hails the album as MGMT’s “most visionary and challenging album,” and Filter asserts that it “contains the same ingenuity fans have come to expect. The band still hold to no precedent but its own.” A collection of 10 diverse and powerful songs, the album is a result of MGMT’s experimentation with various in-studio writing processes and allowing the music to tell them where it wanted to go. Time notes, "As the band has matured so has their sound and the duo is moving past their Day-Glo party soundtrack tunes to create a more grown-up synth-heavy psychedelia,” and the Los Angeles Times declares that "Many [of the songs] are singalong catchy, but in their own surrealistic way." All commercial formats of MGMT include a download of the “Optimizer,” an immersive audio + visual album experience. Learn more here: . MGMT are Andrew VanWyngarden and Ben Goldwasser. North American Tour Dates: November 10 Austin, TX November 12 St. Louis, MO November 13 Madison, WI November 14 Columbus, OH November 15 Indianapolis, IN November 17 Des Moines, IA November 18 St. Paul, MN November 19 Chicago, IL November 20 Detroit, MI November 22 Louisville, KY November 23 Memphis, TN November 24 Atlanta, GA November 26 Washington, DC November 27 Charlotte, NC November 29 Durham, NC December 2 Pittsburgh, PA December 3 Philadelphia, PA December 5 Boston, MA December 7 Toronto, ON December 9 Montreal, QC December 13 Brooklyn, NY www.whoismgmt.com www.columbiarecords.com
ONE DIRECTION ANNOUNCE THE RELEASE OF THEIR THIRD ALBUM, MIDNIGHT MEMORIES, AVAILABLE MONDAY NOVEMBER 25 ALBUM PRE-ORDER AVAILABLE MONDAY SEPTEMBER 9 (NEW YORK, NY – SEPTEMBER 6, 2013) – British pop superstars One Direction will release their eagerly anticipated third studio album, MIDNIGHT MEMORIES globally on November 25, 2013 via Syco/Columbia Records. MIDNIGHT MEMORIES will be available for pre-order Monday, September 9 and in stores on Monday, November 25. MIDNIGHT MEMORIES will include worldwide smash hit single “Best Song Ever,” which recently made history on VEVO by racking up the highest number of views within 24 hours with a total of 12.3 million views. The music video for the single went on to win the “Song of the Summer” Award at the 2013 MTV Video Music Video Awards in Brooklyn. 2013 has been a monumental year for One Direction, who have played over 100 shows in 21 countries on their first ever Take Me Home World Tour. In February, the band visited Ghana with UK charity Comic Relief and recorded the official 2013 Red Nose Day charity single, “One Way Or Another (Teenage Kicks).” That same month they also won a BRIT Award for Global Success, and in August 2013 took home an astounding 6 Teen Choice Awards, including Choice Music Group. One Direction made their movie debut last week with their massive hit 3D concert movie and documentary One Direction: This Is Us. The film has been a phenomenal success, topping the UK and US box offices and grossing an incredible $18.4 million on its opening weekend in the US alone and an additional $14.8 million worldwide. In early 2014, One Direction will begin their worldwide Where We Are stadium tour in the UK, which includes two nights at Wembley stadium, as well as eight sold out dates in the UK and Ireland. Niall Horan, Zayn Malik, Liam Payne, Harry Styles and Louis Tomlinson formed in 2010 and have amassed a loyal fanbase and fame all across the globe. They have impressively sold over 32 million records and have achieved a total of 61 number ones.
GLEE SINGS THE BEATLES ALBUM AVAILABLE SEPTEMBER 24 FEATURING BRAND NEW TRACKS FROM SEASON 5 (Columbia Records; September 4, 2013) – Get ready for some Gleatlemania! The Glee cast introduces The Beatles’ legacy to a new generation with the album release of Glee Sings The Beatles on Tuesday, September 24. Glee Sings The Beatles includes 14 songs from the first two episodes of Glee’s fifth season, which will premiere on Thursday, September 26 (9:00-10:00 PM ET/PT) on Global. The album will feature the Glee cast’s take on the Fab Four’s iconic classics such as “All You Need Is Love,” “Let It Be,” and “A Hard Day’s Night” (see below for full track-listing). On the all-new “Love, Love, Love” premiere episode airing Thursday, September 26, the New Directions are back in action and take on their biggest assignment yet: The Beatles! As Will enlists the kids to pay homage to the classic song catalog from the Fab Four, Blaine and Kurt attempt to answer questions about their future together. Meanwhile, Rachel’s New York ambitions take an unexpected turn. Beatlemania continues at McKinley with the “Tina in the Sky with Diamonds” episode airing Thursday, October 3 (9:00-10:00 PM ET/PT). It’s time for the students to vote for prom queen and king, but when Tina receives a nomination, she takes on a fierce attitude that alienates her biggest supporters. Meanwhile, Rachel adjusts to a new attitude of her own as she and Santana work at a Broadway diner to make ends meet. Since its debut in 2009, Fox’s Glee has pioneered the comedy musical genre, becoming an unstoppable phenomenon that has redefined modern television and broken multiple music sales records. From the anthem hit “Don’t Stop Believin’” to the widely praised mash-up of Adele’s “Rumour Has It” and “Someone Like You,” Glee has sold over 55 million tracks and over 13 million albums worldwide. Throughout its four seasons, Glee has also set a groundbreaking record for the most songs charted by a single act on the Billboard Hot 100, surpassing records previously held by Elvis Presley, The Beatles and James Brown. With their incredible record sales, Glee has made a name for itself in music history. In the US, Glee scored three consecutive #1 releases with Glee: The Music, The Power of Madonna, Glee: The Music, Volume 3 Showstoppers, and Glee: The Music, Journey To Regionals. The RIAA has certified Glee: The Music, Volume 1 and Glee: The Music, The Christmas Album Platinum (sales in excess of 1 million units) as well as Glee: The Music, Volume 2, Glee: The Music, Volume 3 and Glee: The Music, Volume 4 Gold (sales in excess of 500,000 units). The full track listing for Glee Sings The Beatles is as follows: 1. Yesterday 2. Drive My Car 3. Got To Get You Into My Life 4. You’ve Got To Hide Your Love Away 5. Help 6. A Hard Day’s Night 7. I Saw Her Standing There 8. All You Need Is Love 9. Get Back 10. Here Comes The Sun 11. Something 12. Sgt. Pepper’s Lonely Hearts Club Band 13. Hey Jude 14. Let It Be
SONY MUSIC ENTERTAINMENT CANADA ANNOUNCES THE RELEASE OF LOVED ME BACK TO LIFE, THE NEW STUDIO ALBUM FROM INTERNATIONAL ICON CELINE DION (September 3, 2013) – Sony Music Entertainment Canada is thrilled to announce the release of Loved Me Back To Life, the highly anticipated new album from multi-diamond-selling and five-time Grammy® Award-winning musical legend Celine Dion. Loved Me Back To Life, Dion’s first English-language album in six years, will be released in Canada Tuesday, November 5 on Columbia Records (see track list below). The album’s pulsating, upbeat first single, also titled “Loved Me Back To Life,” is available digitally today. Pre-order the album at CelineDion.com and iTunes. Dion will perform “Loved Me Back To Life” live on Jimmy Kimmel Live! this Friday, September 6 and on The Ellen DeGeneres Show next Wednesday, September 11. Listen to “Loved Me Back To Life” on CelineDion.com now. Loved Me Back To Life offered Dion the chance to work with a team of exceptional producers and songwriters including Ne-Yo, Diane Warren, Tricky Stewart, Stevie Wonder, Eg White, Daniel Merriweather, Babyface, Audra Mae Butts, Play Production, Eman, Janis Ian, Danny Mercer, Andrew Goldstein, Shaffer Smith, Jessi Alexander, Tommy Lee James, Corparal, Sauce, Kyle Townsend, Dana Parish, Andrew Hollander, Aaron Pearce, Kuk Harrell, and Walter Afanasieff. The album’s single and title track was written by Sham & Motesart and Sia. In addition, Ne-Yo and Stevie Wonder lend their incredible talents as Dion’s duet partners. In December of 2007, Dion concluded an unprecedented concert engagement in Las Vegas—five consecutive years of sold-out shows at The Colosseum at Caesars Palace, a $100 million venue built exclusively for her performances. This historic, original show, entitled "A New Day...", was one of the highest grossing concerts in music history, selling more than 3 million tickets in its run and helping make Dion the highest-grossing touring artist in the world from 2000 to 2010. In 2011, Celine returned to The Colosseum with a brand-new critically-acclaimed show, simply entitled "Celine," playing to sold-out audiences since opening night. This spectacular show, which will continue for several years to come, features Dion’s greatest hits, some surprising covers, and a few songs featured on Loved Me Back To Life, including the title track. Having sold more than 220 million albums around the world, Celine Dion is one of the most immediately recognized, widely respected and successful performers in pop music history. In addition to numerous Canadian and international gold, platinum and multi-platinum certifications, Celine Dion has seen six of her albums—Falling Into You, Let’s Talk About Love, Celine Dion, The Colour Of My Love, All The Way… A Decade Of Song and These Are Special Times —each achieve Diamond status in recognition of sales of more than 1 million copies in Canada alone. She has been awarded five Grammy® Awards, including Record of the Year and Best Female Pop Vocal Performance for “My Heart Will Go On” in 1998, Album of the Year and Best Pop Album for Falling Into You in 1996, and Best Pop Performance by a Duo or Group with Vocal for “Beauty and the Beast” in 1992. Both “My Heart Will Go On” and “Beauty and the Beast” received Best Song Academy Awards for their respective years of release. Loved Me Back To Life track list: 1. Loved Me Back To Life 2. Somebody Loves Somebody 3. Incredible (duet with Ne-Yo) 4. Water And A Flame 5. Breakaway 6. Save Your Soul 7. Didn’t Know Love 8. Thank You 9. Overjoyed (duet with Stevie Wonder) 10. Thankful 11. At Seventeen 12. Always Be Your Girl 13. Unfinished Songs www.celinedion.com www.facebook.com/celinedion www.twitter.com/celinedion
John Mayer's Paradise Valley Streaming in its Entirety Exclusively on iTunes Now Paradise Valley To Be Released August 20 Mayer To Perform “Live On Letterman” Webcast On August 19 New York, NY, August 12, 2013—John Mayer’s new album Paradise Valley is available to stream in its entirety exclusively on iTunes beginning today (iTunes.com/JohnMayer). The album will be available to stream until its release on August 20. The Grammy Award-winning singer, songwriter and musician produced Paradise Valley with longtime collaborator Don Was, who also co-produced Mayer’s #1 charting Gold-certified 2012 release Born and Raised, and has worked on albums for acts such as the Rolling Stones, B.B. King and Bonnie Raitt. Fans who pre-order the album on iTunes will instantly receive a download of the track “Wildfire" (iTunes.com/JohnMayer). John Mayer will also preview songs from Paradise Valley along with fan favourites, the day before the album’s release for a “Live on Letterman” webcast concert on August 19. Mayer fans have the chance to win tickets to the webcast performance using the John Mayer Tour App, now available on all mobile platforms and through Citi’s Private Pass® program ( www.citiprivatepass.com ). The webcast will be streamed live at and also will be available on demand on CBS.com and VEVO. He will also perform his latest single “Wildfire” on the broadcast of the Late Show with David Letterman that evening. Mayer kicked off his first tour in three years last month, which marks his return after the recurrence of a throat granuloma forced him to cancel his tour in support of Born and Raised and take an indefinite hiatus from performing. The 40-stop U.S tour continues through early October, with support act Phillip Phillips (“Home,” “Gone, Gone, Gone”) for most shows. Mayer was also announced on the lineup for the Global Poverty Project benefit concert in Central Park on September 28. Mayer is using the U.S. portion of the tour to heighten awareness of and raise funds for our military veterans suffering from the effects of post traumatic stress. One dollar from each tour ticket sold will fund PTS-related programs created by Mayer and the Northern California Institute for Research and Education. Paradise Valley pre-order on iTunes: iTunes.com/JohnMayer “Paper Doll” lyric video: “Wildfire” lyric video: For a complete list of tour dates please visit:
EMBLEM3’s DEBUT ALBUM NOTHING TO LOSE MAKES TOP 10 ENTRY ON THE BILLBOARD 200 U.S. AND ON NIELSEN SOUNDSCAN CANADA BAND UP FOR ‘BREAKOUT GROUP’ AT NEXT WEEKEND’S TEEN CHOICE AWARDS (SYCO/Columbia Records; Toronto, ON– August 7, 2013) – Emblem3’s debut album Nothing To Lose has made an impressive top 10 entry on the Billboard Top 200 Albums Chart in the U.S., debuting at #7 and selling nearly 46,000 copies. In Canada Nothing To Lose debuted at #8 on the Nielsen Soundscan Sales Charts. The album, which was released July 30 and features hit single “Chloe (You’re The One I Want),” marks the highest first week sales of any other act from The X Factor US and is the biggest debut album sales week from any US television competition series artist in 2013. Nothing To Lose was the first release on Executive Producer Savan Kotecha’s label imprint “Mr Kanani,” through Syco Music / Columbia Records. Emblem3 has received much praise in recent weeks, with Entertainment Tonight applauding the album’s “beach-ready tunes that create the perfect summer soundtrack.” The Los Angeles Times described their sound as “a fusion of pop, ska and hip-hop – think Sublime, only with washboard abs and none of the grit” while The Huffington Post named Emblem3 “The Next Boy Band to Watch.” This weekend, Emblem3 will present at the 2013 Teen Choice Awards, where they’ve also received a nomination in the Choice Music Breakout Group category alongside Icona Pop, Imagine Dragons, The Lumineers and Macklemore & Ryan Lewis. Teen Choice 2013 celebrates the hottest teen icons in television, music, film, sports, fashion, comedy and the web, and the star-studded, two-hour event will air live Sunday, August 11 at 8:00PM ET / PT on FOX. Fans can vote for Emblem3 at www.teenchoiceawards.com . Emblem3 kicked off their album release week with a performance of “Chloe (You’re The One I Want)” on The View, which follows their network television debut of the song on Good Morning America’s annual Summer Concert Series in June. The band also spent the week taking east coast malls by storm during a run of album signing events that drew thousands of screaming fans. “Chloe” has achieved Top 25 airplay at Pop Radio, while the band’s new Twitter followers were up 92% (3X the Social 50 average) last week alone. Emblem3, who got their start competing on the second season of The X Factor (on Fox), will wrap up a run of headline tour dates this month before joining Selena Gomez on the Stars Dance arena tour across the US and Canada (8 dates) , kicking off on August 14 in Vancouver and running through the end of November. For ticket information and tour dates please visit . Emblem3 are: Brothers Wesley and Keaton Stromberg and lifelong friend Drew Chadwick. Emblem3 on Tour: Date City Venue Aug 7 Richmond, VA The National* Aug 10 Myrtle Beach, SC House of Blues* Aug 14 Vancouver, BC Pepsi Live at Rogers Arena** Aug 16 Lethbridge, AB Enmax Centre** Aug 17 Edmonton, AB Rexall Place** Aug 18 Saskatoon, SK Credit Union Center** Aug 19 Winnipeg, MB MTS Centre** Aug 22 Ottawa, ON Scotiabank Place** Aug 23 Montreal, QC Bell Center** Aug 24 Toronto, ON Air Canada Centre** Oct 10 Washington, D.C. Patriot Center** Oct 11 Pittsburgh, PA Peterson Events Center** Oct 12 Boston, MA TD Garden** Oct 15 Buffalo, NY First Niagara Arena** Oct 16 Brooklyn, NY Barclays Center** Oct 18 Philadelphia, PA Wells Fargo Center** Oct 19 Uncasville, CT Mohegan Sun Arena** Oct 20 Newark, NJ Prudential Center** Oct 22 Hershey, PA Giant Center** Oct 23 Louisville, KY KFC Yum! Center** Oct 25 Nashville, TN Bridgestone Arena** Oct 26 Atlanta, GA Philips Arena** Oct 27 Charlotte, NC Time Warner Cable Arena** Oct 29 Sunrise, FL BB&T Center** Oct 30 Tampa, FL Tampa Bay Times Forum** Nov 1 San Antonio, TX AT&T Center** Nov 2 Houston, TX Toyota Center** Nov 3 Dallas, TX American Airlines Arena** Nov 5 Phoenix, AZ US Airways Center** Nov 6 Los Angeles, CA STAPLES Center** Nov 8 San Diego, CA Valley View Casino Center** Nov 9 Las Vegas, NV Mandalay Bay Events Center** Nov 10 San Jose, CA HP Pavilion** Nov 12 Seattle, WA Key Arena at Seattle Center** Nov 14 Salt Lake City, UT Energy Solutions Arena** Nov 16 Denver, CO 1STBANK Center** Nov 17 Kansas City, MO Sprint Center** Nov 19 Indianapolis, IN Bankers Life Field House** Nov 21 Minneapolis, MN Target Center** Nov 22 Chicago, IL Allstate Arena** Nov 23 Columbus, OH Nationwide Arena** Nov 26 Detroit, MI Palace of Auburn Hills** Nov 27 St. Louis, MO Chaifetz Arena** *Emblem3 Headline Date **Supporting Selena Gomez Connect with Emblem3: www.emblem3.com/ www.twitter.com/emblemthree www.facebook.com/emblemthree www.instagram.com/emblemthree Nothing To Lose Available Here:
HAIM TO RELEASE HIGHLY ANTICIPATED DEBUT ON SEPTEMBER 30 VIA COLUMBIA RECORDS, AVAILABLE NOW FOR PRE-ORDER ON ITUNES First Single “The Wire” Available Now On iTunes (Columbia Records; Toronto, ON; August 6, 2013) – Breakout band HAIM will release their highly anticipated debut album, Days Are Gone, on September 30 via Columbia Records, available today for pre-order on iTunes (iTunes.com/HAIM). Recorded mostly in HAIM’s native Los Angeles, the album sees sisters Este, Danielle and Alana Haim working alongside acclaimed producers Ariel Rechtshaid (Usher, Vampire Weekend) and James Ford (Florence and the Machine, Arctic Monkeys). Days Are Gone will feature crowd favorites “Falling,” “Forever,” and “Don’t Save Me” as well as brand new tracks that have yet to air live, including title track “Days Are Gone,” which was co-written with Kid Harpoon and Jessie Ware (see below for full track listing). "The Wire," the first single from Days Are Gone, is available now on iTunes. Fans who pre-order the album on iTunes will instantly receive a download of the track "The Wire" (iTunes.com/HAIM). Already a live favorite, Fader observes, “the track’s final studio incarnation wisely emphasizes what HAIM does so well live, with ‘We Will Rock You’-styled drums, shades of guitar theatrics and a triumphant, everybody-together-now vocal medley.” MTV Buzzworthy has proclaimed the infectious track a “monster of a song: huge, hooky and ready to wreck major cities and/or pop charts,” and Pitchfork concludes that HAIM are “making some of the best power-pop out there right now.” A music video for “The Wire” will be released shortly. The Southern California trio has attracted a surge of industry attention since releasing their EPs Forever, Don’t Save Me and Falling. The band has also been prominently featured in Rolling Stone’s esteemed Best of Rock issue and Elle’s Women In Music issue, as well as recognized as “Faces to Watch 2013” by The Los Angeles Times, “20 Bands To Watch Out For” by Complex and “15 New Stars We Love” by Entertainment Weekly. In the UK, HAIM have impressively become the first female American act to ever win the BBC’s Sound of 2013, an annual poll of industry leaders to identify the most promising new music talent. This award has been a reliable indicator of success in recent years, with Ellie Goulding and Jessie J being named the winners in the past. HAIM’s electrifying live performances, including sold-out headlining shows at Los Angeles’ Troubadour and New York’s Music Hall of Williamsburg in addition to festival appearances at SXSW, Lollapalooza, Bonnaroo, Firefly and Governor’s Ball, have made waves on both sides of the Atlantic. Fader has declared that HAIM’s “practiced live show easily rivals any of their peers,” and it is no wonder that HAIM have been asked to support the likes of Phoenix, Florence and the Machine, Mumford and Sons and Vampire Weekend on tour. Later this month, HAIM will embark on a headlining North American tour with stops in New York, Boston and Los Angeles, among others (see below for full US tour dates). Time Out New York predicted “it’s safe to say that 2013 is going to be a good year for HAIM,” but with the release of their debut album, HAIM are only just getting started. The full track listing for Days are Gone is as follows: 1. Falling 2. Forever 3. The Wire 4. If I Could Change Your Mind 5. Honey & I 6. Don’t Save Me 7. Days Are Gone 8. My Song 5 9. Go Slow 10. Let Me Go 11. Running If You Call My Name US Tour Dates: 8/31 Philadelphia, PA Made in America 9/1 Boston, MA Paradise 9/3 New York, NY Webster Hall 9/7 Guthrie, OK Ottonwood Flast * 10/4 Austin, TX Antone’s 10/5 Austin, TX Austin City Limits 10/6 New Orleans, LA One Eyed Jacks 10/8 Dallas, TX Trees 10/10 Lawrence, KS The Granada 10/12 Austin, TX Austin City Limits 10/14 Phoenix, AZ Crescent Ballroom 10/15 San Diego, CA Casbah 10/16 Los Angeles, CA Fonda 10/18 Pomona, CA The Glass House 10/20 San Francisco, CA Treasure Island 10/22 Portland, OR Mississippi Studios 10/23 Seattle, WA Neumos 10/27 Las Vegas, NV Life is Beautiful *Supporting Mumford and Sons
GRAMMY-NOMINATED RECORDING ARTIST J. COLE ANNOUNCES 2013 NORTH AMERICAN TOUR WHAT DREAMS MAY COME TOUR FEATURING WALE The What Dreams May Come Tour Kicks off on September 10th Tickets on sale to the public on August 2nd July 30, 2013 – New York, NY – Grammy-nominated, platinum selling RocNation/Columbia recording artist J.Cole, in the midst of his critically acclaimed Gold selling new album Born Sinner, a Platinum selling, #1 single “Power Trip” featuring Grammy Award winner Miguel and rapidly rising second single, “Crooked Smile” featuring TLC, and a recent top selling fan tour, has announced details and dates for his 2013 North American tour, What Dreams May Come Tour, featuring Wale. The What Dreams May Come Tour featuring Wale will make stops at theatres throughout North America this fall, beginning on Tuesday, September 10th at the James L. Knight Center in Miami, FL concluding on October 30th at the Paramount Theatre in Seattle, WA. The 30 city, AEG Live tour, will go through several major markets including Toronto, Atlanta, Boston and Chicago amongst many others. J.Cole will also perform in Las Vegas, NV at The Colosseum at Caesars Palace, making him one of the first hip-hop acts to perform at the famed venue. Independently of the What Dreams May Come Tour, J.Cole will also perform at several college homecomings as well as the Rock The Bells Festivals. “It’s going to be a wild ride,” says J.Cole. Joining J.Cole on tour is Grammy-nominated and award-winning artist, Wale. Wale is touring in support of his latest release, the #1 album The Gifted, which sold over 158,000 units in its first week. This marks Wale’s third solo album and follows up his certified Gold sophomore album, Ambition, which also topped the charts as the #1 rap album and produced the Grammy-nominated, certified Gold single “Lotus Flower Bomb” featuring Miguel. Wale has released a series of critically acclaimed mixtapes and received praise for his debut album, Attention Deficit, from national publications such as Billboard and Paper Magazine. Tickets for What Dreams May Come Tour go on sale in select markets starting August 2nd at 10:00 am local time and are available through www.axs.com and www.jcolemusic.com . In addition to general ticketing, fans will also have a chance to purchase the J.Cole VIP meet and greet packages. These special packages include an exclusive meet and greet with J.Cole, an individual photo opportunity, an autographed tour lithograph and one commemorative VIP tour laminate. The packages do not have any age restrictions and will be available for sale with the start of tour ticket sales. In a special offer, fans who are signed up for J.Cole's newsletter will have first access to buying tickets. Those wishing to sign up for the newsletter can do so online here: https://www.jcolemusic.com/us/newsletter-signup The charitable partner for What Dreams May Come Tour is J.Cole’s Dreamville Foundation, with a portion from every concert ticket sold going to the registered 501c3. Created by J.Cole in 2011, The Dreamville Foundation’s mission is to reveal to youth their limitless potential through life-altering experiences. Since its inception, the organization has been dedicated to uplifting youth in Fayetteville through book clubs, essay contests and community events. Fans who would like to make additional donations to the non-profit can do so by visiting . The What Dreams May Come Tour follows on the heels of J.Cole’s phenomenally popular J.Cole Dollar & A Dream Tour. In an innovative show model, fans were able to attend intimate J.Cole shows for only $1.00 with venues and details being revealed the day of via Twitter. The tour, which took place leading up to the release of Born Sinner, created verifiable fan pandemonium, with concert attendees lined up hours in advanced and venues hitting capacity. In Toronto, the tour stop shut down the streets when over 3000 fans showed up for a coveted 500 tickets. For more information on J.Cole, the What Dreams May Come Tour and Born Sinner please visit www.bornsinner.com , www.jcolemusic.com , www.Dreamvillain.net , www.RocNation.com and www.columbiarecords.com .
ONE DIRECTION “BEST SONG EVER” BREAKS RECORD ON VEVO WITH 10.9 MILLION VIEWS IN 24 HOURS (NEW YORK, NY; VEVO; JULY 23, 2013) –VEVO, the world’s leading all-premium music video and entertainment platform, has announced today that global superstars One Direction’s new video “Best Song Ever” delivered 10.9 million views across VEVO in the 24 hours following its premiere. This beats out the previous record holder, Miley Cyrus “We Can’t Stop,” which hit 10.7 million views. One Direction premiered the video for their new single “Best Song Ever” across VEVO on July 22nd. The music video was directed by Ben Winston and shot in Miami. The video displays the boys’ acting skills with Niall as "Harvey, the Studio Exec," Harry as "Marcel, the Marketing Guy," Liam as "Leeroy, the Choreographer," Louis as "Jonny, the Studio Exec," and Zayn as "Veronica, the Sexy Assistant." One Direction will open TEEN CHOICE 2013 with a performance of “Best Song Ever.” TEEN CHOICE 2013 airs live from the Gibson Amphitheatre in Los Angeles on Sunday, August 11 (8:00-10:00 PM ET live/PT tape-delayed) on FOX. This will be the band’s first ever live television performance of “Best Song Ever,” the first single off their forthcoming third album and the lead single from their upcoming film THIS IS US. One Direction are currently on a worldwide tour in support of their second album TAKE ME HOME. Their movie THIS IS US will be released nationwide August 30th, 2013. The band will make a special appearance on NBC’s the Today Show Summer Concert series on August 23rd in support of the film. One Direction have just announced the first two legs of a worldwide stadium tour for 2014 – including eight sold out dates in the UK and Ireland. With the two albums to date – UP ALL NIGHT and TAKE ME HOME - One Direction have sold over 30 million records worldwide. They’ve won two BRIT awards, three MTV Video Music awards, three Billboard Music awards and are nominated for six Teen Choice 2013 Awards, including Choice Music Group. Watch on VEVO: Download on iTunes:
GRAMMY AWARD-WINNING ARTIST JOHN LEGEND ANNOUNCES “MADE TO LOVE” NORTH AMERICAN TOUR Award Winning Singer Tamar Braxton Confirmed as Supporting Act 20+ Date Headlining Tour Kicks-Off October 20th, On Sale Information Available at JohnLegend.com, Fourth Solo Studio Album, Love In The Future, Drops September 3rd (July 23rd, 2013) Nine-time Grammy Award winning artist John Legend has announced tour dates for his upcoming “Made To Love” tour. The 20+ stop tour begins October 20th in Mashantucket, CT and will make stops across the US and Canada, including Washington DC, New York, Miami, Atlanta, Detroit, Toronto, Vancouver, Las Vegas and Los Angeles. Award-winning singer, reality star and talk show host Tamar Braxton, whose album Love and War also drops September 3rd, has been confirmed as a special guest throughout the tour. Ticket & on-sale information can be found at www.JohnLegend.com . Legend recently released “Made to Love,” the second single from his much anticipated fourth solo studio album, Love in the Future. The single - a follow up to the critically acclaimed “Who Do We Think We Are,” featuring Rick Ross - was produced by Dave Tozer, Nana Kwabena, Kanye West and Da Internz and is available digitally at . The song's video, set for a late-July release, was created from a concept by Yoann Lemoine (Drake/Rihanna, "Take Care;" Lana Del Rey, "Born To Die;" Woodkid, "Iron”) and was directed by acclaimed fashion photographer Daniel Sannwald. Love In the Future will be released by G.O.O.D. Music/Columbia on September 3rd. The highly anticipated album was produced by Legend and longtime collaborators Kanye West and Dave Tozer.
EMBLEM3 SET TO RELEASE DEBUT ALBUM NOTHING TO LOSE JULY 30 BAND NOMINATED FOR ‘MUSIC BREAKOUT GROUP’ AND PRESENTING AT THE 2013 TEEN CHOICE AWARDS EMBLEM3 WILL PERFORM ON THE VIEW JULY 29 (Toronto ON– July 23, 2013) – Emblem3 will release their highly anticipated debut album Nothing To Lose on July 30. The album, executive produced by award-winning songwriter and producer Savan Kotecha (Maroon 5, Usher, One Direction) is available in deluxe and standard editions (see attached tracklistings) and is currently available for pre-order at . Emblem3 co-wrote much of the album, which includes hit single “Chloe (You’re The One I Want)” and features songwriting by Jack Antonoff of fun., Benji and Joel Madden of Good Charlotte and Max Martin (Taylor Swift, Maroon 5, Katy Perry). The deluxe version features four bonus tracks, including two live songs (“Jaiden” and “Reason”) written exclusively by Emblem3 and recorded during the band’s sold out winter headline tour earlier this year. The album will be the first release on Savan Kotecha’s label imprint “Mr Kanani,” through Syco Music / Columbia Records. “We are so stoked to finally get to share our new music with the world! It's been a dream come true recording this first record and we are forever grateful,” said Emblem3’s Wesley Stromberg. The band’s Drew Chadwick noted, “We put our heart and soul into each track. We hope that these songs can reach out and connect to as many people as possible and let them know to keep their chin up and never give up because dreams do come true.” “Live each day like it’s your last and live like you've got Nothing to Lose!” added Keaton Stromberg. "I was inspired to work with Emblem3 after meeting them backstage on The X Factor” said Savan Kotecha. “These guys are the real deal. It was a true pleasure to help guide them in crafting their first album and watching them grow as musicians and writers throughout the process. They've created a fresh sound that I can't wait for the world to hear!" Following the album release Emblem3 will present at the 2013 Teen Choice Awards, where they’ve also received a nomination in the Choice Music Breakout Group category alongside Icona Pop, Imagine Dragons, The Lumineers and Macklemore & Ryan Lewis. Teen Choice 2013 celebrates the hottest teen icons in television, music, film, sports, fashion, comedy and the web, and the star-studded, two-hour event will air live Sunday, August 11 at 8:00PM ET / PT on FOX. Fans can vote for Emblem3 at www.teenchoiceawards.com . The band will celebrate the release of Nothing To Lose with a performance of hit single “Chloe (You’re The One I Want)” on ABC’s The View on Monday, July 29. This performance follows the band’s national television debut of the song last month on ABC’s annual Good Morning America Summer Concert Series, where they joined a prestigious series lineup including Mariah Carey, Jennifer Lopez, Alicia Keys, Demi Lovato, John Legend, Pitbull and Selena Gomez. Emblem3, who got their start competing on the second season of The X Factor (on Fox) will continue on a run of headline tour dates this month before joining Selena Gomez on the Stars Dance arena tour across the US and Canada, kicking off on August 14 in Vancouver and running through the end of November. For ticket information and tour dates please visit . Emblem3 are: brothers Wesley and Keaton Stromberg and lifelong friend Drew Chadwick. Nothing To Lose Tracklisting: 1) Just For One Day 2) Spaghetti 3) XO 4) Chloe (You’re The One I Want) 5) Girl next door 6) Nothing to Lose 7) Love LA Sunset Blvd 9) 3000 Miles 10) Teenage Kings 11) One Day 12) Do It All Again* 13) I Wish* 14) Jaiden (Live)* 15) Reason (Live)* *Deluxe version only Emblem3 on Tour: Date City Venue July 18 Paso Robles, CA California Mid State Fair July 20 Orange County, CA OC Fair July 21 Sacramento, CA Ace of Spades* July 27 Hershey Park, PA Mix Tape Festival July 28 Cleveland, OH House of Blues* Aug 2 Hampton Beach, NH Hampton Beach Casino* Aug 4 Cohasset, MA South Shore Music Circus Aug 6 Norfolk, VA The Norva* Aug 7 Richmond, VA The National* Aug 10 Myrtle Beach, SC House of Blues* Aug 14 Vancouver, BC Pepsi Live at Rogers Arena** Aug 16 Calgary, AB Scotiabank Saddledome** Aug 17 Edmonton, AB Rexall Place** Aug 18 Saskatoon, SK Credit Union Center** Aug 19 Winnipeg, MB MTS Centre** Aug 22 Ottawa, ON Scotiabank Place** Aug 23 Montreal, QC Bell Center** Aug 24 Toronto, ON Air Canada Centre** Oct 10 Washington, D.C. Patriot Center** Oct 11 Pittsburgh, PA Peterson Events Center** Oct 12 Boston, MA TD Garden** Oct 15 Buffalo, NY First Niagara Arena** Oct 16 Brooklyn, NY Barclays Center** Oct 18 Philadelphia, PA Wells Fargo Center** Oct 19 Uncasville, CT Mohegan Sun Arena** Oct 20 Newark, NJ Prudential Center** Oct 22 Hershey, PA Giant Center** Oct 23 Louisville, KY KFC Yum! Center** Oct 25 Nashville, TN Bridgestone Arena** Oct 26 Atlanta, GA Philips Arena** Oct 27 Charlotte, NC Time Warner Cable Arena** Oct 29 Sunrise, FL BB&T Center** Oct 30 Tampa, FL Tampa Bay Times Forum** Nov 1 San Antonio, TX AT&T Center** Nov 2 Houston, TX Toyota Center** Nov 3 Dallas, TX American Airlines Arena** Nov 5 Phoenix, AZ US Airways Center** Nov 6 Los Angeles, CA STAPLES Center** Nov 8 San Diego, CA Valley View Casino Center** Nov 9 Las Vegas, NV Mandalay Bay Events Center** Nov 10 San Jose, CA HP Pavilion** Nov 12 Seattle, WA Key Arena at Seattle Center** Nov 14 Salt Lake City, UT Energy Solutions Arena** Nov 16 Denver, CO 1STBANK Center** Nov 17 Kansas City, MO Sprint Center** Nov 19 Indianapolis, IN Bankers Life Field House** Nov 21 Minneapolis, MN Target Center** Nov 22 Chicago, IL Allstate Arena** Nov 23 Columbus, OH Nationwide Arena** Nov 26 Detroit, MI Palace of Auburn Hills** Nov 27 St. Louis, MO Chaifetz Arena** *Emblem3 Headline Date **Supporting Selena Gomez
PASSION PIT ANNOUNCE NORTH AMERICAN FALL TOUR (New York, NY; Columbia Records; July 15th, 2013) – A year out from the release of their critically-acclaimed sophomore album Gossamer, Passion Pit have announced a massive fall headlining tour across North America, including festival appearances at the First City Festival, Boston Calling, Austin City Limits and North Coast Music Festival. The tour also includes two shows at New York City's Pier 36 on September 6th and 7th, where Passion Pit will offer discounted tickets to fans that purchased seats to the band's sold-out February performance at Madison Square Garden, but were unable to attend due to a blizzard. Proceeds from these specially-priced tickets will be donated to the American Foundation for Suicide Prevention. The tour will feature special guests The Joy Formidable on a number of dates beginning September 29th, with stops in Los Angeles (where Passion Pit will headline the fabled Greek Theatre), Atlanta, New Orleans, Salt Lake City, San Diego and many other cities throughout October and November. A full list of dates are included below-- tickets go onsale beginning Friday, July 19th, with a special fan presale kicking off on Wednesday, July 17th at 10am at PassionPitMusic.com. All fans that purchase presale tickets will have the chance to enter to win a meet and greet with the band at the show. Pres-sale link: Picked by Relix Magazine as one of their “Summer Stars” on the festival circuit, Passion Pit returned to Bonnaroo for a second time, where they played what Billboard exclaimed was a “show-stopping performance of "Take a Walk," with the audience belting the titular lyrics along to the chorus.” After Bonnaroo the band hopped over to Nashville to record a VEVO Presents: Unexpected Covers session. The session is live now on VEVO and includes performances of “Take A Walk”, “Carried Away”, and a cover of FUN.’s “Carry On.” Washington Times raved that “Passion Pit is the personification of pop music.” A year after its release, Gossamer has yielded a gold single in “Take A Walk,” while the band has fulfilled a dream in selling out a headline show at Madison Square Garden, performed on Saturday Night Live and continued touring in the largest venues of their career. Passion Pit is the studio project of Michael Angelakos, and is joined onstage by Ian Hultquist, Jeff Apruzzese, Xander Singh, and Chris Hartz. Passion Pit on tour: 8/10 Somerset, WI Summer Set Music Festival 8/24 Monterey, CA First City Festival 8/30 Chicago, IL North Coast Music Festival 8/31 Calgary, Canada X-Fest 9/1 Edmonton, Canada Sonic Boom Festival 9/3 Saskatoon, Canada The Odeon 9/4 Winnipeg, Canada Garrick Centre 9/6 New York, NY Pier 26 9/7 New York, NY Pier 26 9/8 Boston, MA Boston Calling Festival 9/29 Charlottesville, VA nTelos Wireless Pavilion ^ 10/1 Ashville, NC Orange Peel ^ 10/2 Winston-Salem, NC Ziggys ^ 10/3 Birmingham, AL Iron City ^ 10/5 Austin, TX Austin City Limits 10/7 Wilmington, NC Greenfield Lake Amphitheatre ^ 10/8 North Myrtle Beach, SC House of Blues ^ 10/10 Atlanta, GA Masquerade Music Park ^ 10/11 New Orleans, LA The Civic Theatre ^ 10/12 Austin, TX Austin City Limits 10/15 Broomfield, CO 1st Bank Center ^ 10/16 Salt Lake City, UT The Complex ^ 10/18 Spokane, WA Knitting Factory Concert House ^ 10/19 Portland, OR Theater of The Clouds 10/21 Sacramento, CA The Theatre at Sleep Train Arena ^ 10/22 San Diego, CA Open Air Theatre ^ 10/25 Los Angeles, CA Greek Theatre ^ 10/26 Santa Barbara, CA Santa Barbara Bowl ^ 10/27 Las Vegas, NV Life is Beautiful Festival 10/29 Kansas City, MO The Midland by AMC ^ 10/31 Fairfax, VA Patriot Center ^ 11/1 Atlantic City, NJ Showboat ^ 11/3 Norfolk, VA The Norva ^ 11/8 St. Augustine, FL St. Augustine Amphitheater * 11/9 Tampa, FL Coastline Festival 11/10 West Palm Beach, FL Coastline Festival ^ With The Joy Formidable * With Two Door Cinema Club, The Joy Formidable and St. Lucia
THE 20/20 EXPERIENCE WILL CONTINUE ITS WORLDWIDE DOMINATION ON SEPTEMBER 30TH FIRST SINGLE, “TAKE BACK THE NIGHT” AVAILABLE NOW ON THE ITUNES STORE; ALBUM ALSO AVAILABLE FOR PRE-ORDER ALSO AVAILABLE ON AMAZON AND ALL DIGITAL SERVICE PROVIDERS JUSTIN TIMBERLAKE KICKS OFF 12 CITY LEGENDS OF THE SUMMER STADIUM TOUR WITH JAY Z ON JULY 17TH IN TORONTO NY, NY… On September 30th Justin Timberlake will continue the journey of his critically acclaimed and worldwide best-selling album of the year, The 20/20 Experience with the release of The 20/20 Experience - 2 of 2 on RCA Records. The soulful first single, "Take Back The Night" picks up right where he left off and The 20/20 Experience continues. “Take Back The Night” was written by Justin Timberlake, Timbaland, Jerome “J-Roc” Harmon and James Fauntleroy and produced by Timbaland, Justin Timberlake and Jerome “J-ROC” Harmon. The 20/20 Experience – 2 of 2 is available today for pre-order on the iTunes Store (iTunes.com/JT) as well as The 20/20 Experience – The Complete Experience which features all 21 tracks. In addition, fans who pre-order either version of the album will instantly receive a download of the single “Take Back The Night.” The single is also available on Amazon and all digital service providers. The album will feature 11 all new tracks as well as a special surprise from Justin. “I originally recorded a massive amount of material and decided on the 20 tracks that I wanted on the album over a year ago. But, when I was mixing and going through all of the songs there were so many that I loved - I couldn't resist... I had to throw in something extra on the 2nd half." Fresh off his outstanding performance at the 2013 BET Awards, Justin will kick off his 12 city Legends of the Summer Stadium Tour with JAY Z on Wednesday in Toronto. He will also perform as a headliner at the iTunes Music Festival in September. Additionally, Justin will head back to the stage this fall on October 31 for The 20/20 Experience World Tour making this his first solo tour in six years. The 20/20 Experience is already hailed by critics as one of the year’s best albums and has seen massive US and international success. In the US alone, the certified double platinum album is currently on top in 2013 as the best-selling album, biggest Top 200, R&B album and Digital album debut, is the only album this year to surpass 2 million albums sold and reached #1 across 7 SoundScan charts (Top 200, Top Digital albums, Top R&B albums, Top Current albums, Top Vinyl albums, Top Physical albums and Top Internet albums). Additionally, the album marks Justin with the biggest male debut in 5 years as well as the biggest digital debut in US history by a male artist. The album held the #1 spot for both the Top 200 (3 weeks) and R&B album chart (10 weeks). In just its first week of release all 10 tracks charted on the digital songs chart and have sold over 5.2 million tracks. The album has reached platinum status in 3 other countries as well as gold status in 9 other countries. The most recent single, “Mirrors” is certified double platinum in the US and marks an all-time audience high (184 million) and in spins at TOP40 (16K) for Justin in one week. The single reached #1 in 48 markets including UK, Germany and Ireland as well as #1 airplay on the European Hit 100, UK, Germany, Canada (CHR & HAC), Denmark, Norway & South Africa. The album’s first single, “Suit & Tie” ft. JAY Z is also certified double platinum in the US. Visit www.justintimberlake.com to hear “Take Back The Night.”
KINGS OF LEON RELEASE NEW SINGLE, “SUPERSOAKER,” JULY 17 PERFORM ON LATE NIGHT WITH JIMMY FALLON JULY 22 NEW ALBUM, MECHANICAL BULL, OUT SEPTEMBER 24 On July 17, Kings of Leon will release the first single, Supersoaker, via iTunes, Amazon and all digital providers. The song is from their soon-to-be released record Mechanical Bull. The album was produced by Angelo Petraglia and recorded at the band’s studio in Nashville, TN. The band will perform "Supersoaker" on Late Night with Jimmy Fallon on July 22. Kings of Leon are currently on the road in the UK and Europe and will perform along with The Flaming Lips, Jackson Browne, Built to Spill and others at the Rock for Oklahoma benefit on Tuesday July 23 at the Chesapeake Energy Arena. The band will be returning to Europe in August and then will perform at the 2013 Global Citizen Festival on September 28 in New York’s Central Park.
MS MR KICK OFF FALL HEADLINING TOUR IN CANADA STOPS IN MONTREAL, TORONTO AND VANCOUVER Toronto, ON - June 25th, 2013 – New York City based duo MS MR will embark on a North American headline tour this fall in support of their critically acclaimed, debut album Secondhand Rapture. The tour will begin in Canada on September 16th in Montreal and will include stops in Toronto and Vancouver along with a number of U.S. shows (full list of dates below). Additionally, the duo will hit the global festival circuit this summer with performances at Glastonbury, Splendour in the Grass, Lollapalooza, Rock En Seine, Outside lands and Austin City Limits. MS MR made their late night television debut last month with a performance of their single Hurricane on the Late Show With David Letterman. The band performed Hurricane along with the rest of Secondhand Rapture on their recent US west coast run opening for CSS. The Daily Beast noted, at the duo’s sold-out album release show at Bowery Ballroom in NY, that “Plapinger’s layered vocals are accentuated by Hershenow’s swirling, swelling electro-pop production replete with synths, drums, and electronic beats” delivering what Time Out New York calls “a finely crafted work of dream pop.” To catch a preview of what’s in store for the tour; check out MS MR’s live show at the SXSW Hype Hotel on Baeble Music: MS MR’s debut album Secondhand Rapture is comprised of 12 sweeping tracks cholk-full of the duo’s compelling blend of cinematic pop. The duo was recently inducted into MTV’s ‘Artist To Watch’ spotlight series, named as one of The Guardian’s ‘One to Watch’ and noted by Teen Vogue as the “next big musical duo.” MS MR’s debut album includes the previously released track Bones, which was prominently featured in the Game Of Thrones season trailer. Produced by Max Hershenow, with additional production and mix by Tom Elmhirst, the duo co-wrote Secondhand Rapture over the course of 2011 in Brooklyn, NY. Watch MS MR perform Hurricane on the Late Show With David Letterman: David Letterman - MS MR: "Hurricane" MS MR headline tour dates: 9/16 Montreal, QC Café Campus * 9/17 Toronto, ON Phoenix * 9/19 Philadelphia, PA The Church * 9/21 Boston, MA Brighton Music Hall * 9/22 Washington, D.C. Black Cat * 9/24 New York, NY Webster Hall * 9/25 Cleveland, OH Grog Shop * 9/27 Kansas City, KC Berkley Riverfront Park 9/28 Minneapolis, MN 7th Street Entry * 9/29 Madison, WI Majestic * 9/30 Chicago, IL Lincoln Hall * 10/2 Tulsa, OK Vanguard 10/6 Austin, TX Austin City Limits 10/7 Dallas, TX House of Blues 10/8 Houston, TX Warehouse 10/9 New Orleans, LA House of Blues 10/12 Mexico City Corona Capitol 10/13 Austin, TX Austin City Limits 10/17 Los Angeles, CA Troubadour # 10/18 Los Angeles, CA Troubadour # 10/19 San Diego, CA Soda Bar # 10/23 Vancouver, BC Venue # * with MØ supporting # with Wildcat! Wildcat! supporting Website: Tumblr: Facebook:
MGMT SET TO RELEASE SELF-TITLED ALBUM ON SEPTEMBER 17 (Toronto, ON; June 25, 2013) – MGMT are back with their self-titled third studio album - MGMT - set to be released on September 17. The successor to 2008’s Oracular Spectacular and 2010’s Congratulations, MGMT finds Andrew VanWyngarden and Ben Goldwasser continuing to push themselves to expand the boundaries of modern pop music. Returning to Tarbox Road Studios to work with longtime collaborator Dave Fridmann (Co-producer and mixer of Oracular Spectacular and Congratulations, The Flaming Lips, Tame Impala), Andrew and Ben experimented with various in-studio writing processes, allowing the music to tell them where it wanted to go. The result is a diverse and powerful collection of 10 songs (including a cover of "Introspection" by 1960’s psych band Faine Jade) that directly mirrors the duo's encompassing surrealist view of the everyday (see below for full track listing). The world was given a taste of MGMT in April with the Record Store Day release (on limited edition cassette single) of album opener "Alien Days", hailed as an instant MGMT classic by fans and described by Rolling Stone as a “shimmering, psychedelic soundscape” and Spin as “a sumptuously detailed, exquisitely zonked-out space-rock construction.” In preparation for the highly anticipated release of MGMT, the band have begun assembling a variety of unique visual elements to accompany and illuminate the new music via "the Optimizer". Produced by MGMT live show video instrumentalist Alejandro Crawford, "the Optimizer" provides listeners of the album with a simultaneously aural & optical listening experience featuring video & CGI work by Andrew Benson, Emilio Gomariz, Geoffrey Lillemon, and Chris Timms. "the Optimizer" is part of an enhanced album package available on all commercial formats. “Your Life Is A Lie” will be the first music video released and finds MGMT again working with Tom Kuntz, director of the band's 2010 mini-epic “Congratulations” who has also received wide acclaim for his groundbreaking commercial and short film work. Up-and-coming indie director Sam Fleischner will be creating a clip for "Alien Days", and a video for the serpentine "Cool Song No. 2" is also in the works, both to be shot this summer. MGMT are currently on tour, recently performing to their largest headline audience in the U.S. with over 10,000 people in attendance at Artpark in Lewiston, NY. MGMT are set to play select North American festivals and club dates including headlining the Bunbury Festival in Cincinnati (July 13), First City Festival in Monterey, CA (August 24), FYF Festival in Los Angeles (August 25) and Bumbershoot Festival in Seattle (Sept. 2). MGMT will also play 2 festivals dates in Canada, performing at the Keloha Music and Arts Festival in Kelowna, B.C (July 5-7) and Festival D’Ete International De Quebec, PQ on July 9th. In the fall MGMT will commence a tour of Europe with stops in Glasgow, Cologne, Berlin, Paris and more. The band's first show at the Forum in London sold out immediately with a second show being added (see below for full list of tour dates). US Tour Dates for November-December will be announced next month. The full track listing for MGMT is as follows: Alien Days Cool Song No. 2 Mystery Disease Introspection Your Life Is a Lie A Good Sadness Astro-Mancy I Love You Too, Death Plenty Of Girls In the Sea An Orphan Of Fortune North American Tour Dates: July 3 Milwaukee, WI Summerfest/BMO Harris Bank July 5-7 Kelowna, B.C Keloha Music & Arts Festival July 9 Quebec City , PQ Festival D’Ete International De Quebec July 12 Lansing, MI Common Ground Music Festival July 13 Cincinnati, OH Bunbury Music Festival August 24 Monterey, CA Monterey County Fairgrounds August 25 Los Angeles, CA FYF Festival August 26 Las Vegas, NV The Pool at The Cosmopolitan August 29 Davis, CA Mondavi Center August 31 Bend, OR Les Schwab Amphitheatre September 1 Troutdale, OR Edgefield Amphitheatre September 2 Seattle, WA Bumbershoot Festival September 4 Boise, ID Knitting Factory September 5 Salt Lake City, UT Twilight Concert Series September 6 Denver, CO Fillmore Auditorium European Tour Dates (Guards supporting): September 26 Cologne, Germany Live Music Hall September 27 Brussels, Belgium AB September 29 Stockholm, Sweden Cirkus September 30 Oslo, Norway SentrumScene October 1 Copenhagen, Denmark Vega Main Hall October 3 Berlin, Germany Astra Kulturhaus October 4 Vienna, Austria Gasometer October 5 Munich, Germany Kesselhaus October 6 Zurich, Switzerland Komplex 457 October 8 Paris, France Olympia October 9 Hamburg, Germany Docks October 10 Utrecht, Netherlands Vredenburg Leidsche October 12 Glasgow, UK 02 ABC October 13 Wolverhampton, UK Civic Hall October 14 Manchester, UK O2 Apollo Manchester October 16 London, UK Forum October 19 Dublin, Ireland Olympia Theatre www.whoismgmt.com www.columbiarecords.com
GO TO BED WITH MILEY CYRUS ON “JIMMY KIMMEL LIVE” AND WAKE UP WITH THE GLOBAL SUPERSTAR ON “GOOD MORNING AMERICA” Disney-ABC Offers The first ever red-eye experience with Miley Cyrus Coast-to-Coast Cyrus Tour Concludes on "LIVE with Kelly and Michael" (Toronto, ON) Miley Cyrus is coming to ABC’s “Jimmy Kimmel Live” for an exclusive late night appearance on Tuesday, June 25. The hit maker will first sit down with the late night host to talk about her new music followed by an epic performance in the center of Hollywood, CA on JKL’s SONY outdoor stage in front of thousands of fans. This will be Miley’s first ever live performance of "We Can't Stop", the first single off her forthcoming RCA Records debut album. Straight from “JKL”, which airs at 11:35pm/10:35pm CT, Cyrus will hop on a jet and travel across the country to New York City where “Good Morning America” will capture every moment of her adventure. Fans will be able to relive Miley’s journey with “GMA” the next morning, Wednesday, June 26, featuring a performance by Cyrus at “GMA’s” studios in the heart of Times Square. The entire experience will conclude with a final stop at “LIVE with Kelly and Michael," where Cyrus will sit down with co-host Michael Strahan and guest co-host Kristin Chenoweth. Fans will enjoy ending their day with Cyrus’s performance on “Jimmy Kimmel Live” and continue their Miley-extravaganza as soon as they wake up with continued appearances on “Good Morning America” and “LIVE with Kelly & Michael.” ABOUT “GOOD MORNING AMERICA” Emmy Award-winning “Good Morning America,” featuring the anchor team of Robin Roberts, George Stephanopoulos, Sam Champion, Lara Spencer and Josh Elliott, airs MONDAY-FRIDAY (7:00-9:00 a.m., ET). The two-hour, live morning program airs on the ABC Television Network. Tom Cibrowski is senior executive producer. ABOUT “JIMMY KIMMEL LIVE” (weeknights, 11:35 p.m., ET) Jimmy Kimmel serves as host and executive producer of Emmy Award-nominated "Jimmy Kimmel Live," the ABC Television Network's late-night talk show. Now in its tenth season, "JKL" is packed with hilarious comedy bits and features a diverse lineup of guests including celebrities, athletes, musicians, comedians and humorous human interest subjects. Every night Kimmel delivers his up-to-the minute take on the latest news and pop culture topics from the day's events in his monologue, and has recently welcomed such notables as Johnny Depp, Meryl Streep, Tom Cruise, Robert Pattinson, Katy Perry, Will Farrell, Scarlett Johansson, Channing Tatum, Charlize Theron, John Krasinski, Jennifer Garner, Jessica Biel, Justin Bieber, Jessica Simpson, Kate Beckinsale, Ben Stiller, Jonah Hill, Andy Samberg, Michelle Williams, Zac Efron, Charlie Sheen, Chris Pine, Jeremy Renner, Jada Pinkett Smith, Josh Brolin, Russell Brand, Woody Harrelson and Joseph Gordon-Levitt. "Jimmy Kimmel Live," broadcasts from Disney's El Capitan Theater, located on Hollywood Boulevard in the heart of L.A.'s star-studded Walk of Fame. Kimmel showcases this illustrious location's unique character throughout his show by regularly interacting with the local "Super Heroes" parading along the boulevard and challenging passersby to participate in various comedy bits. He has also created many one-of-a-kind concert experiences, closing down Hollywood streets around his studio to hold musical block party events with artists such as Coldplay, Lady Gaga, Jay-Z and Depeche Mode, as well as special outdoor and lobby performances by Adele, Linkin Park, Justin Timberlake, Drake, Tony Bennett, Pitbull, Britney Spears, Lady Antebellum, Usher, Lenny Kravitz, Brad Paisley, Lil Wayne, Phoenix, 50 Cent, No Doubt and Dave Matthews Band. Jimmy Kimmel and Jill Leiderman serve as executive producers. Jason Schrift, Douglas DeLuca and Erin Irwin serve as co-executive producers. "Jimmy Kimmel Live" is shot live in front of a studio audience and produced by Jackhole Industries in association with ABC Studios. For more go to www.jimmykimmellive.com < >. ABOUT "LIVE WITH KELLY AND MICHAEL" (weekdays in national syndication) Emmy Award-winning talk show “LIVE with Kelly and Michael” is distributed in national syndication by Disney-ABC Domestic Television. Produced by WABC-TV in New York and executive-produced by Michael Gelman, “LIVE” airs in more than 200 markets across the U.S. Visit “LIVE” on the web at LIVEKellyandMichael.com, on Facebook, or follow “LIVE” on Twitter,@KellyandMichael. ABC Media Relations: Tra-Mi Callahan (818) 460-7967, Tra-Mi.Callahan@abc.com <mailto: Tra-Mi.Callahan@abc.com > Follow us on Twitter @JimmyKimmelLive,#JKL Photography and video available at www.abcmedianet.com < >. Photo request line (818) 460-6611.
MIKE POSNER TO JOIN JUSTIN BIEBER’S BELIEVE TOUR STARTING JUNE 22 NEW SINGLE “THE WAY IT USED TO BE” OUT NOW NEW ALBUM “PAGES” COMING SOON (Toronto, ON) – Singer, songwriter and producer Mike Posner will join Justin Bieber’s BELIEVE tour presented by Motorola, starting on June 22. The 30-date leg of the tour, announced in December as a result of overwhelming demand, kicks off Saturday June 22 at the Valley View Casino Center in San Diego, CA and will also feature Posner’s label mates Hot Chelle Rae. Posner just released his new single “The Way It Used To Be” on June 10th. His sophomore album Pages (RCA Records) will be released later this year. The first single The Way It Used To Be was co-written by Mike Posner, Martin Johnson, Ammo and produced by Martin Johnson and Ammo. The single is available at all digital providers and will impact radio in July. Listen to The Way It Used To Be here: . Watch the lyric video here: . Additionally, it was previously announced that Mike Posner will be a special guest on Ke$ha’s Warrior Tour in August. Since the release of Posner’s major label debut 31 Minutes To Takeoff in August of 2010, he has been in the studio working on his own music as well as producing and writing with artists such as Justin Bieber (Boyfriend), Labrinth (Beneath Your Beautiful), as well as Big Sean, Wiz Khalifa, Snoop Dogg, 2 Chainz, and Sammy Adams. He has also traveled all over the world promoting his album and his three smash singles, the multi-platinum breakout hit “Cooler Than Me” (recorded in his dorm room), “Please Don’t Go” and “Bow Chicka Wow Wow” which featured Lil’ Wayne. Posner has performed on The Ellen DeGeneres Show, The Late Night with Jimmy Fallon, and many more. In March of 2009, Posner’s first mixtape A Matter of Time (recorded in his dorm room) rose to the #1 position on iTunesU, promptly garnering him the attention of major labels. After signing a deal with RCA Records that summer, Posner returned to Duke University to finish up his course load, all the while beginning work on his debut album, self-releasing his second free mixtape One Foot Out The Door through iTunesU and rocking shows every weekend at colleges and festivals across the country. Just a year after A Matter of Time reached #1 on iTunesU, his debut album 31 Minutes to Takeoff reached #1 on iTunes proper. 25 year old Mike Posner hails from Detroit, MI and currently resides in Los Angeles, CA. www.mikeposner.com @mikeposner
GRAMMY AWARD-WINNING ARTIST JOHN LEGEND RELEASES LATEST SINGLE, “MADE TO LOVE” Fourth Solo Studio Album, Love In The Future, Drops September 3rd New York, NY (June 18th, 2013) Nine-time Grammy Award-winning artist John Legend has released “Made to Love,” the second single from his much anticipated fourth solo studio album, Love in the Future. The single - a follow up to the critically acclaimed “Who Do We Think We Are,” featuring Rick Ross - was produced by Dave Tozer, Nana Kwabena, Kanye West and Da Internz and is available digitally at . The song's video, set for a mid-July release, was created from a concept by Yoann Lemoine (Drake/Rihanna, "Take Care;" Lana Del Rey, "Born To Die;" Woodkid, "Iron”) and was directed by acclaimed fashion photographer Daniel Sannwald. Legend will perform “Made to Love,” on Good Morning America as a part of their Summer Concert Series on Friday, June 21st. Love In the Future will be released by G.O.O.D. Music/Columbia on September 3rd. The highly anticipated album was produced by Legend and longtime collaborators Kanye West and Dave Tozer. About John Legend: Ohio-born John Legend is a critically acclaimed, multi-award winning, platinum-selling singer-songwriter. He’s sold an impressive seven million albums worldwide. His work has garnered him nine Grammy Awards, three Soul Train Awards, the BET Award for Best New Artist and the special Starlight Award from the Songwriters Hall of Fame. A graduate of University of Pennsylvania where he studied English and African-American literature, Legend participated in a wide range of musical activities while in college. During the same period, Legend was introduced to Lauryn Hill, who hired him to play piano on her track "Everything Is Everything," and shortly thereafter he began to play shows around the Philadelphia area, eventually expanding his audience base to New York, Boston, Atlanta and Washington D.C. After college, Legend was introduced to then up-and-coming hip-hop artist Kanye West, who quickly signed Legend to his G.O.O.D. Music imprint and hired him to sing vocal hooks on some of his music. Legend started gaining momentum through a series of similar collaborations with established artists, adding vocals to an impressive list of chart-topping hits including West's "All of the Lights," Jay-Z's "Encore" and back-up vocals on Alicia Keys' 2003 song, "You Don't Know My Name." Legend’s debut album, Get Lifted, was released in December of 2004 through Columbia Records. The critically acclaimed album spawned the artist's first hit single, “Ordinary People,” and scored Legend multiple Grammy Awards in 2006, including Best R&B Album, Best New Artist and Best Male R&B Vocal Performance. The follow up was 2006’s platinum-selling Once Again, which brought Legend another Grammy, Best Male R&B Performance, for his single “Heaven,” and included collaborations with Kanye West, will.i.am and Raphael Saadiq. Legend’s next release was 2008’s Evolver, led by the hit single "Green Light" featuring Andre 3000. Legend's most recent effort was his 2010 collaboration with the Roots, Wake Up, which won the Grammy for Best R&B Album a year later. Throughout his career, John has worked to make a difference in the lives of others. In 2007, he launched the Show Me Campaign (ShowMeCampaign.org), an initiative that focuses on education as a key to break the cycle of poverty. The 2010 BET Humanitarian of the Year award, the 2009 CARE Humanitarian Award for Global Change, the 2009 Bishop John T. Walker Distinguished Humanitarian Service Award from Africare and the 2011 Harvard Foundation Artist of the Year Award recognize Legend's efforts and leadership in this arena. John sits on the boards of The Education Equality Project, Teach for America, Stand for Children and the Harlem Village Academies and co-chairs the Harlem Village Academies’ National Leadership Board.
JOHN MAYER’S LATEST SINGLE “PAPER DOLL” AVAILABLE NOW FIRST SINGLE FROM FORTHCOMING NEW ALBUM PARADISE VALLEY (New York City, June 18, 2013) Grammy Award-winning singer, songwriter and musician John Mayer released “Paper Doll” today, the first single from his forthcoming Paradise Valley. Mayer first shared news of a new album through his tumblr blog on May 2. John is currently in the studio finishing the album, which he and longtime collaborator Don Was are producing. Was has worked on albums for acts such as the Rolling Stones, B.B. King and Bonnie Raitt. Columbia Records previously announced that Mayer will kick off his first tour in three years on July 6, in Milwaukee. The 40-stop U.S tour continues through early October, before heading to Europe for eight sold-out arena shows in four countries. Mayer hits South America for the first time—Buenos Aires, Sao Paulo and the Rock in Rio festival in Rio de Janeiro—in mid-September and all three shows are sold out. He will also be performing at Philadelphia’s annual Fourth of July Jam. Mayer will use the U.S. tour to both raise funds for and heighten awareness of the effects of post traumatic stress on our military veterans. One dollar from each tour ticket sold in the United States will go to the Northern California Institute for Research and Education. Mayer partnered with NCIRE two years ago to create programs that help veterans return to healthy and productive civilian lives. Mayer’s previous albums—Room for Squares, Heavier Things, Continuum, live album Where the Light Is, Battle Studies and Born and Raised—have sold 20 million copies worldwide combined. He has been honored with seven Grammy Awards and an additional 11 nominations. He has also been included in Time Magazine’s annual Time 100 list of the most influential contemporary thinkers, leaders, artists and entertainers, and twice been featured on the cover of Rolling Stone Magazine’s annual "Guitar" issue. Last year, he was honored in Washington, D.C. by the Recording Academy for his philanthropic work on behalf of both U.S. military veterans and young people interested in music. “Paper Doll” on iTunes: “Paper Doll” on Amazon:
BRITNEY SPEARS’ NEW SINGLE “OOH LA LA” RELEASED TODAY, BUNDLED WITH THE DEBUT SINGLE “VACATION” FROM BRAND NEW ARTIST G.R.L. THE SMURFS™ 2 (MUSIC FROM AND INSPIRED BY) TO BE RELEASED JULY 23RD FOR COLUMBIA PICTURES/SONY PICTURES ANIMATION’S FAMILY COMEDY “THE SMURFS™ 2” DUE OUT IN THEATERS JULY 31ST (Toronto, ON) – Earlier today, pop icon Britney Spears premiered her new single “Ooh La La” on “On Air With Ryan Seacrest.” The single is available today as a bundle with the debut single from brand new artist G.R.L. entitled “Vacation” via Kemosabe Kids/RCA Records. Both tracks will be featured on the soundtrack for Columbia Pictures/Sony Pictures Animation’s highly-anticipated family comedy The Smurfs™ 2 entitled, The Smurfs™ 2 (Music From and Inspired by), which will be released on July 23rd. For a limited time, “Ooh La La” and “Vacation” are available as a bundle offer at iTunes.ca. The soundtrack, The Smurfs™ 2 (Music From and Inspired by), will be available for pre order at itunes.ca today. “Ooh La La,” which will play over the end credits of the film, was written by Lukasz Gottwald (Dr. Luke), Joshua Coleman (Ammo), Henry Walter (Cirkut), Bonnie McKee, Jacob Kasher Hindlin (J Kash), Lola Blanc and Fransisca Hall, and produced by Dr. Luke, Ammo and Cirkut for Prescription Songs. G.R.L. is an extraordinarily talented and fresh five-some comprised of Simone Battle, Lauren Bennett, Emmalyn Estrada, Natasha Slayton, and Paula Van Oppen. Each member of the group possesses massive charisma and musical ability which shine through on “Vacation,” an irresistible summer anthem about going out with your girls and forgetting about the boys, co-written by hitmakers Dr. Luke and Max Martin as well as Bonnie McKee and Henry Walter and produced by Dr. Luke, Max Martin and Cirkut, with whom G.R.L. are recording their debut album for Dr. Luke’s record label Kemosabe. In The Smurfs™ 2, the sequel to Columbia Pictures/Sony Pictures Animation’s hybrid live action/animated family blockbuster comedy The Smurfs, the evil wizard Gargamel creates a couple of mischievous Smurf-like creatures called the Naughties that he hopes will let him harness the all-powerful, magical Smurf-essence. But when he discovers that only a real Smurf can give him what he wants, and only a secret spell that Smurfette knows can turn the Naughties into real Smurfs, Gargamel kidnaps Smurfette and brings her to Paris, where he has been winning the adoration of millions as the world¹s greatest sorcerer. It’s up to Papa, Clumsy, Grouchy, and Vanity to return to our time, reunite with their human friends Patrick and Grace Winslow, and rescue her! Will Smurfette, who has always felt different from the other Smurfs, find a new connection with the Naughties Vexy and Hackus – or will the Smurfs convince her that their love for her is True Blue? The film is directed by Raja Gosnell and produced by Jordan Kerner. The screenplay is by J. David Stem & David N. Weiss and Jay Scherick & David Ronn and Karey Kirkpatrick with a story by J. David Stem & David N. Weiss & Jay Scherick & David Ronn, Based on the Characters and Works of Peyo. The Smurfs 2, the sequel to the hit hybrid live action/animated film that took in over $560 million at the worldwide box office in 2011, is set to hit theaters on July 31, 2013. The Smurfs™ 2 Music From and Inspired by Track Listing 1. Britney Spears – “Ooh La La” 2. G.R.L. – “Vacation” 3. Becky G featuring Austin Mahone – “Magik 2.0” 4. Owl City – “Live It Up” 5. Sophia Black – “Everything Breaks” 6. Cady Groves – “Forget You” 7. Kiana Brown – “Hey Chica” 8. Nelly Furtado featuring Ace Primo – “High Life” 9. Buckwheat Zydeco – “Tutti Frutti” 10. Right Said Fred – “I’m Too Smurfy” About Britney Spears Multi-platinum, Grammy Award-winning pop icon Britney Spears is one of the most successful and celebrated entertainers in pop history. Her musical career boasts nearly 100 million albums sold worldwide and countless awards and accolades, including the 2011 MTV Video Vanguard Award and Billboard’s Best-Selling Female Artist of the Decade (1998-2008). Spears first captivated audiences with her first single “…Baby One More Time,” an international hit that is currently 14x Platinum in the U.S. So far, Spears has earned a total of five No.1 debut albums and 24 Top 40 songs in her career. Spears was last seen as a judge on FOX’s “The X-Factor” in the US and is currently featured on will.i.am 's hit song "Scream & Shout." Britney is currently working on her 8th studio album. About RCA Records RCA Records is a division of Sony Music Entertainment. RCA includes a diverse roster of internationally renowned artists representing all genres of music including Justin Timberlake, P!nk, Alicia Keys, Britney Spears, Foo Fighters, Kelly Clarkson, Usher, Kings Of Leon, Chris Brown, Christina Aguilera, Dave Matthews Band, Miley Cyrus, Pitbull, Ke$ha, R. Kelly, Jamie Foxx, Jennifer Hudson, D'Angelo, Fantasia, Monica, Buddy Guy, Brandy, The Strokes, Daughtry, Three Days Grace, Dido, Tool, Santana, Kirk Franklin, Fred Hammond, and Whitney Houston, among others; critically acclaimed and chart topping artists including Miguel, Ray LaMontagne, Anthony Hamilton, Jimmy Eat World, Marsha Ambrosius, Adam Lambert, Mike Posner, Gavin DeGraw, Hot Chelle Rae, Cage The Elephant and Jordin Sparks; burgeoning artists A$AP Rocky, Mikky Ekko, Walk The Moon, Elle Varner, Tom Odell, Becky G., Sammy Adams, 2AM Club, Elle King, K. Flay, Jacob Latimore and many more. About the Smurfs The story of the Smurfs - a property created by Peyo - started in 1958 with the creation of comic books which were later brought to both the big and small screen. Over the years, the little blue characters haven't just limited themselves to the page and the screen. They have inspired records and CDs that have sold millions of copies, entire collections of figurines and toys, and many more products. In all, more than 3,000 derived products have been produced and leading brands and companies have spread their messages worldwide with the help of the Smurfs. A multitude of new projects appear regularly, thus making the success of the Smurfs planetary! About Sony Pictures Entertainment Sony Pictures Entertainment (SPE) is a subsidiary of Sony Entertainment Inc., a subsidiary of Tokyo-based Sony Corporation. SPE's global operations encompass motion picture production, acquisition and distribution; television production, acquisition and distribution; television networks; digital content creation and distribution; operation of studio facilities; and development of new entertainment products, services and technologies. For additional information, go to . About Sony Pictures Animation Sony Pictures Animation produces a variety of animated entertainment for audiences around the world. The studio is following its worldwide comedy hits – the 2012 monster hit comedy Hotel Transylvania, the 2011 hybrid live action/animated blockbuster The Smurfs, and the 2009 mouth-watering Cloudy with a Chance of Meatballs – with The Smurfs 2 in July 2013, and Cloudy With A Chance of Meatballs 2 in September 2013. Sony Pictures Animation, in conjunction with Aardman Animations, has produced two critically acclaimed feature films: the CG-animated family comedy Arthur Christmas; and the Academy Award® nominated stop-frame animated high-seas adventure, The Pirates! Band of Misfits. In 2007, Surf's Up also received an Academy Award® nomination for Best Animated Feature Film. The division, whose first feature film Open Season led to a very successful movie franchise, turned 10 in 2012. Sony Pictures Animation is an operating unit of Sony Pictures Digital Productions. * Website: * Facebook: https://www.facebook.com/SONYPicturesAnimation * Twitter: * Tumblr: * YouTube: About Lafig Belgium S.A. Lafig Belgium is the owner of the rights to produce audio-visual works based on the Smurf universe and of the Smurf worldwide licensing rights (together with IMPS). Lafig Belgium is controlled by the heirs of Pierre Culliford, better known under his pseudonym Peyo, the author/creator of the Smurfs. For 50 years, the Culliford family has controlled the Smurf characters and all licenses worldwide. Britney Spears Official Website: www.britney.com G.R.L. Official Website: www.GRLNation.com The Smurfs™ 2 Official Motion Picture Website RCA Records Press Site: www.rcarecordspress.com
MADONNA AND DAUGHTER, LOLA, ANNOUNCE RITA ORA AS THE NEW FACE OF MATERIAL GIRL (New York, NY) June 12, 2013-- Madonna and her daughter, Lola confirmed today that Rita Ora has been cast as the new global face of their junior lifestyle brand, Material Girl. Ora, an internationally renowned singer and protégé of Jay-Z, will star in the brand’s global marketing campaign. The Fall 2013 advertising campaign will be unveiled in July. Madonna and Lola, commented, “Rita is a talented beauty but what really drew us to her is the confidence she oozes through her music and her unique sense of style. On stage or off, in photos or on the street - she's a magnet! This is what the Material Girl brand is all about!” Contrary to previous reports, Madonna and Rita met for the first time on Saturday, June 1st at the “Sound For Change” concert at London’s Twickenham Stadium. The Material Girl brand is available exclusively at Macy’s in the United States, The Bay in Canada, in Europe and Australia.
LAURA MVULA RETURNS TO NORTH AMERICA FOR HEADLINING TOUR DATES ‘SING TO THE MOON’ OUT NOW (Toronto, ON - June 12, 2013) – Immensely talented UK singer-songwriter Laura Mvula will return to North America for a string of headlining dates in September. After selling out New York’s Bowery Ballroom in May, she will kick off the run with a pair of dates in NYC at Le Poisson Rouge and Brooklyn’s Music Hall of Williamsburg, before heading off to Toronto, Philadelphia, Chicago, San Francisco, and ending at LA’s El Rey Theatre. Tickets for all dates will go on sale this Friday, June 14. Mvula’s performances both live and on her debut Sing To The Moon have met with amazing critical praise both in the US and at home in the UK. The New York Times said of her Bowery Ballroom performance “more akin to the recent wave of female singer-songwriters – Tune-Yards, Julianna Barwick, even Joanna Newsom—who shape whole, complex, tightly orchestrated musical worlds around their words… her songs here were full of tactile multipart harmonies and arrangements that allowed each instrument to breathe,” while Vogue called their Artist of the Week’s performance “a wall of sound that ensconces the audience in Mvula’s unique brand of soul/rock/gospel.” Sing To The Moon has been widely praised, from the Wall Street Journal’s assessment as “quietly yet forcefully brilliant… smart, sophisticated contemporary pop infused with a sense of bliss,” to People’s 4-star review that promises “with her enchanting, lushly arranged potion of neo-soul, orchestral pop and torchy jazz—plus a lovely lilt perhaps owing to her Caribbean roots—she’s the most likely to keep you spellbound,” to Pitchfork’s description of “a triumph of arrangement and melody… combine[s] earworm hooks with beautiful, uniquely shaped verses… Mvula's debut is filled with visceral and musical beauty.” Essence Magazine also selected Laura as One To Watch in 2013, and said that “[Mvula boasts] a velvet voice coupled with richly textured harmonies and lush orchestral arrangements,” and Entertainment Weekly included Mvula on their Must List, describing her as “[The Brits’] next great homegrown soulstress.” NPR has also been a huge early supporter, with All Things Considered raving that “it sounds like practically nothing else out there. It's not exactly pop or soul or jazz; it's all those things, yet it transcends those things… a debut that's ambitiously distinct and confident.” At home in the UK, the Daily Mail, the Daily Mirror, the Evening Standard, the Guardian, the Telegraph, and Metro all gave Sing To The Moon 4 stars and the Independent on Sunday gave the album 5 stars, and the Sunday Times selected it as their Album of the Week. She was also nominated for the 2013 BRITs Critics’ Choice Award and ranked fourth on the shortlist for the coveted BBC Sound of 2013. Mvula made her UK TV debut on The Graham Norton Show, where she performed the lively track “Green Garden,” and has also performed on Later… With Jools Holland and Alan Carr: Chatty Man. She recently completed a tour with Jessie Ware and will perform this summer on Glastonbury’s main Pyramid Stage. “Laura Mvula makes a stunning entrance on her debut album… The songs on Sing to the Moon chart boldly idiosyncratic paths.” –LA Times “Laura Mvula swings soul in a fresh direction.” –NY Daily News “There’s not a moment here that doesn’t captivate.” –San Francisco Chronicle “Laura Mvula is a commanding presence… Mvula grafts a potent, naturally dramatic sense of soul – the centerpiece to a perfect debut effort.” –Philadelphia Enquirer “She” video: “Green Garden” video: “That’s Alright” video: Sing To The Moon on iTunes: Sing To The Moon on Amazon: Laura Mvula North American Headlining Tour 9/4 Brooklyn, NY Music Hall of Williamsburg 9/5 New York, NY Le Poisson Rouge 9/7 Toronto, ON Mod Club 9/9 Philadelphia, PA World Cafe Live 9/13 Chicago, IL Martyrs 9/15 San Francisco, CA Yoshi’s Lounge 9/17 Los Angeles, CA El Rey
SELF-TITLED RECORD FROM THE CIVIL WARS TO BE RELEASED AUGUST 6 ON SENSIBILITY MUSIC/COLUMBIA RECORDS FIRST SINGLE “THE ONE THAT GOT AWAY” PREMIERES ALBUM PRE-ORDER NOW AVAILABLE The Civil Wars’ highly anticipated sophomore self-titled album will be released August 6 on Sensibility Music/Columbia Records. This is the follow up to the three-time Grammy Award-winning duo’s acclaimed debut, Barton Hollow, which is now certified RIAA Gold in the U.S. In advance of the release, the album’s first single, “The One That Got Away,” is now available to stream ( ) and purchase ( ). The album is also now available to pre-order. The Civil Wars was recorded in Nashville between August 2012 and January 2013. Charlie Peacock was once again at the helm as producer for the album. Additionally, Rick Rubin produced the duo’s performance for the track “I Had Me a Girl” in August of 2011. Peacock later completed the track by producing the instrumentation and mix. The album was recorded amidst a grueling touring schedule, exhausting workload and a growing disconnect from their families. Personal statements from band-members Joy Williams and John Paul White can be viewed at www.thecivilwars.com . The Civil Wars Track Listing: 1. The One That Got Away 2. I Had Me a Girl 3. Same Old Same Old 4. Dust to Dust 5. Eavesdrop 6. Devil’s Backbone 7. From This Valley 8. Tell Mama 9. Oh Henry 10. Disarm 11. Sacred Heart 12. D’Arline
MIKE POSNER RELEASES NEW SINGLE “THE WAY IT USED TO BE” TODAY NEW ALBUM “PAGES” COMING SOON (Toronto, ON) – Singer, songwriter and producer Mike Posner has released his new single “The Way It Used To Be” today. His sophomore album Pages (RCA Records) will be released later this year. The first single The Way It Used To Be was co-written by Mike Posner, Martin Johnson, Ammo and produced by Martin Johnson and Ammo. The single will impact radio in July and will be available at all digital providers tomorrow, June 11th. Listen to The Way It Used To Be here: . Watch the lyric video here: . Additionally, Mike Posner will be a special guest on Ke$ha’s Warrior Tour in August. Says Posner, "First of all, I'm so grateful for all the blessings and wonderful people in my life who have supported my creative process. I'm beyond excited to share "The Way It Used To Be" with the world. I love releasing music in the summer when the weather is beautiful and people are happy." Since the release of Posner’s major label debut 31 Minutes To Takeoff in August of 2010, he has been in the studio working on his own music as well as producing and writing with artists such as Justin Bieber (Boyfriend), Labrinth (Beneath Your Beautiful), as well as Big Sean, Wiz Khalifa, Snoop Dogg, 2 Chainz, and Sammy Adams. He has also traveled all over the world promoting his album and his three smash singles, the multi-platinum breakout hit “Cooler Than Me” (recorded in his dorm room), his top 10 follow up “Please Don’t Go” and “Bow Chicka Wow Wow” which featured Lil’ Wayne. Posner has performed on The Ellen DeGeneres Show, The Late Night with Jimmy Fallon, and many more. In March of 2009, Posner’s first mixtape A Matter of Time (recorded in his dorm room) rose to the #1 position on iTunesU, promptly garnering him the attention of major labels. After signing a deal with RCA Records that summer, Posner returned to Duke University to finish up his course load, all the while beginning work on his debut album, self-releasing his second free mixtape One Foot Out The Door through iTunesU and rocking shows every weekend at colleges and festivals across the country. Just a year after A Matter of Time reached #1 on iTunesU, his debut album 31 Minutes to Takeoff reached #1 on iTunes proper in the U.S. 25 year old Mike Posner hails from Detroit, MI and currently resides in Los Angeles, CA. Special Guest Mike Posner on Ke$ha’s Warrior Tour Dates: 08/09 Ke$ha with Mike Posner – Cleveland, OH – Jacobs Pavilion 08/12 Ke$ha with Mike Posner – Vienna, VA – Wolftrap 08/14 Ke$ha with Mike Posner – Raleigh, NC – Red Hat Amphitheater 08/15 Ke$ha with Mike Posner – Charlotte, NC – Uptown Amphitheater 08/18 Ke$ha with Mike Posner – Lincoln, NE – Pershing Center 08/19 Ke$ha with Mike Posner – Minneapolis, MN – Myth 08/21 Ke$ha with Mike Posner – Milwaukee, WI – Eagles Club 08/23 Ke$ha with Mike Posner – Uncasville, CT – Mohegan Sun 08/25 Ke$ha with Mike Posner – Canandaigua, NY – Marvin Sands Performing Arts Center 08/27 Ke$ha with Mike Posner – Columbus, OH – Lifestyle Communities Pavilion 08/30 Ke$ha with Mike Posner – Bangor, ME – Darling’s Waterfront Pavilion 08/31 Ke$ha with Mike Posner – Gilford, NH -- Meadowbrook US Cellular Pavilion
EMBLEM3 SET TO PERFORM ON GOOD MORNING AMERICA’S SUMMER CONCERT SERIES AND PRESENT AT THE 2013 TEEN CHOICE AWARDS BAND ANNOUNCES HEADLINE DATES AND WILL SUPPORT SELENA GOMEZ ON UPCOMING STARS DANCE TOUR DEBUT ALBUM NOTHING TO LOSE TO BE RELEASED THIS SUMMER (Toronto, ON – June 6, 2013) – X Factor breakout band Emblem3 is confirmed for a number of high profile TV appearances in the coming months. The band is set to perform hit single “Chloe (You’re The One I Want)” on ABC’s annual Good Morning America Summer Concert Series on Friday, June 7, joining a prestigious lineup that includes Mariah Carey, Jennifer Lopez, Alicia Keys, Demi Lovato, John Legend, Pitbull and Selena Gomez, who will all perform on the famed Central Park Stage this summer. Additionally, the band is confirmed to present at the 2013 Teen Choice Awards. The star-studded, two-hour event will air live Sunday, August 11 at 8:00PM ET / PT on FOX. Additional information can be found at and www.teenchoiceawards.com . Emblem3 will spend the summer on tour, having just announced a string of headline shows in early July (additional dates to be announced shortly). The band is also confirmed for a number of radio shows and fair dates before joining Selena Gomez on her Stars Dance tour across the US and Canada, which will begin on August 14 in Vancouver and run through the end of November . These dates follow April’s “Goin’ Back 2 Cali” tour, a cross-country roadtrip throughout the U.S. routing through 9 cities determined by a series of fan challenges. That tour followed a string of shows throughout February and March that sold out in under a minute, and saw Emblem3 adding multiple tour dates to their itinerary due to overwhelming demand from fans. For additional information and tour dates please visit . Emblem3’s debut album, Nothing To Lose, is set to be released this summer. The album, executive produced by award-winning songwriter and producer Savan Kotecha (Maroon 5, Usher, One Direction), will be available in deluxe and standard editions (see attached tracklistings) and includes hit single “Chloe (You’re The One I Want).” The track’s companion video debuted last week and can be viewed at . Emblem3 co-wrote much of the album, which features songwriting by Jack Antonoff of fun., Benji and Joel Madden of Good Charlotte and Max Martin (Taylor Swift, Maroon 5, Katy Perry). The album will be the first release on “Mr Kanani,” Savan Kotecha’s imprint on Syco Music through Columbia Records, and is available for pre-order at . Emblem3 are: brothers Wesley and Keaton Stromberg and lifelong friend Drew Chadwick. Nothing To Lose Tracklisting: 1) Just For One Day 2) Spaghetti 3) XO 4) Chloe (You’re The One I Want) 5) Girl next door 6) Nothing to Lose 7) Love LA Sunset Blvd 9) 3000 Miles 10) Teenage Kings 11) One Day 12) Do It All Again* 13) I Wish* 14) Jaiden (Live)* 15) Reason (Live)* *Deluxe version only Connect with Emblem3: www.emblem3.com/ www.twitter.com/emblemthree www.facebook.com/emblemthree www.instagram.com/emblemthree
LITTLE MIX MAKE HISTORY WITH THE TOP UK GIRL GROUP DEBUT EVER X FACTOR UK WINNER’S DEBUT ALBUM DNA DEBUTS TOP 5 ON THE BILLBOARD 200 ALBUM CHART AND THE CANADA NIELSEN SOUNDSCAN TOP ALBUM CHART (Toronto, ON– June 5, 2013) – Little Mix soar into the top 5 of the US Billboard 200 album chart, and the Canada Nielsen Soundscan Top Album Chart, with their debut album DNA selling 50,000 copies in the US and nearly 5,000 in Canada, entering the chart at No. 4 in both countries. The band makes chart history as the first ever British girl group to debut in the top 5 with their debut album release, surpassing the Spice Girls’ US record with their debut album SPICE entering the charts at No. 6 in 1997 and Canadian charts at 54. Globally, DNA has entered the top 5 in 7 countries and Little Mix has sold over 2 million records worldwide. The album features the hot summer single “Wings,” which reached a cumulative total of 120 million in radio audience. Views of the music video for “Wings” have surpassed 51 million on VEVO . “Wings” has become a pop culture hit and was featured in the season finale of FOX’s hit show GLEE, as well as covered by the final 4 contestants on this season’s American Idol. The top 5 debut is truly a testament to the power of the bands’ social reach and the rabid fanbase of thousands who showed up to the Mixer Magnet in-store signing across the US. Around the world, Little Mix fans have used online platforms such as Twitter, Tumblr and Facebook to create a global phenomenon and inspire a generation of Mixer-mania. Little Mix will make their US television debut on ABC’s Good Morning America annual Summer Concert Series on New York City’s prestigious Central Park Stage this Friday June 7th. The group will perform their hit single “Wings” and join a stellar line up of superstars who are set to take the stage this summer including Mariah Carey, Jennifer Lopez, Alicia Keys, Demi Lovato, John Legend, Pitbull and Selena Gomez. For free tickets and more information visit: . On June 10th, they will perform on ABC’s Live with Kelly & Michael and head to Piscataway, NJ later that day for an in-store signing with Seventeen Magazine, where they appear on the 2013 June/July cover (see below for full list of signings). Little Mix are Jesy Nelson, Perrie Edwards, Leigh-Anne Pinncok and Jade Thirlwall. All four girls auditioned for THE X FACTOR UK in 2011 as solo artists. However, at the suggestion of judge and mentor Tulisa Contostavlos they joined forces to become Little Mix, X FACTOR’s first ever victorious group. Having captured the hearts and minds of the UK with their winning chemistry, musical sensibility and breath-taking vocal prowess, the girls nabbed two consecutive No. 1 single’s with their debut UK single “Cannonball” and “Wings,” and are now preparing to conquer America with their old school pop and R&B sound. In the past year, Little Mix have amassed a dedicated and loyal fan base with over 132 million cumulative VEVO views, 1.6 million Facebook fans and over 3.2 million twitter followers. Check out the first episode of DNA in America here: Little Mix in the USA: DNA Diaries - Episode 1 DNA is available now iTunes: “Wings” available digitally now iTunes: MEET LITTLE MIX June 8th, 2013- San Francisco, CA June 9th, 2013- Los Angeles, CA June 10th, 2013- Piscataway, NJ Full details here: https://www.facebook.com/LittleMixOfficial/events For more info visit
MILEY CYRUS FIRST SINGLE "WE CAN'T STOP" OUT NOW NEW ALBUM COMING FALL 2013 (Toronto -ON) - Global superstar Miley Cyrus has released "We Can't Stop", the first single off her forthcoming RCA Records debut album. Listen to "We Can't Stop" here: . Co-written by Miley, along with Mike Will and Rock City and produced by Mike Will, "We Can't Stop" impacts radio today and is available at all digital retail providers. Miley has been in the studio working on her still untitled RCA Records debut which is due out later this year. Collaborating with renowned producers and songwriters such as Mike Will, Pharrell, Future, Dr. Luke and will.i.am , this album marks a creative evolution for Miley. Miley Cyrus is a world renowned entertainer with record breaking success in film, television and music. She is a multiplatinum recording artist and has sold over 12 million albums and 20 million tracks in the US alone. www.mileycyrus.com Twitter:@mileycyrus www.facebook.com/mileycyrus Stream on VEVO: Stream on Soundcloud: Download on iTunes: Download on AmazonMP3:
DAFT PUNK'S RANDOM ACCESS MEMORIES DEBUTS AT #1 ON ALBUM CHARTS ACROSS THE WORLD RANDOM ACCESS MEMORIES SELLS AN IMPRESSIVE 339,000 COPIES IN THE US AND 46,000 COPIES IN CANADA RANDOM ACCESS MEMORIES SELLS OVER A MILLION COPIES WORLDWIDE IN DEBUT WEEK (Wednesday, May 29, 2013) – Internationally, the album hit the #1 spot on digital charts in 97 countries, dominated UK charts to become the fastest selling album of 2013 and had the biggest first week album sales in France since 2007, where the album is already triple platinum. In Canada, Random Access Memories is the highest debut so far in 2013, with the #1 digital album and the #1 album in every province. Daft Punk also earned their first official #1 album in multiple countries including the US, Germany, Australia and Japan. The album is also officially #1 in France, Switzerland, Spain, Austria, Mexico, Italy, Belgium, Spain and others. In the US, Random Access Memories sold 339,000 copies, with the vinyl version becoming the biggest selling vinyl album in SoundScan’s LP Vinyl chart history. Random Access Memories is the first album in Billboard’s Electronic/Dance Song chart history to have every song debut simultaneously. Incredible public demand for the album not only led to unprecedented album sales and radio charting, but also to a steady stream of critical acclaim from media worldwide including features in The Wall Street Journal, The Globe and Mail, Billboard, The New York Times, NME, Rolling Stone, Time, The New Yorker and many more. “Get Lucky,” the first single from Random Access Memories immediately shot to the top of charts all over the world- selling 2.5 million digital tracks worldwide to date. It is the biggest selling single of 2013 in the UK, and the song is # 1 on national airplay charts across the globe. In the US, “Get Lucky” has garnered airplay across seven different formats of radio. The new 13 track album from the French duo, their first since 2005’s Human After All, features collaborations with Pharrell Williams, Julian Casablancas, Panda Bear, Nile Rodgers, Giorgio Moroder, Paul Williams, Todd Edwards, Chilly Gonzales, and DJ Falcon, amongst others. SELECT PRESS QUOTES: "EDM is MIA as dance gods turn back the clock with a spacy, star-packed blow out... Random Access Memories is full of WTF moments... orbiting somewhere between Pink Floyd's ‘Dark Side of the Moon’ and Earth, Wind and Fire's ‘That's The Way Of The World’... Its brilliance is often irrefutable" - ROLLING STONE “A headphones album in an age of radio singles; a bravura live performance that stands out against pro forma knob-twiddling ... It's also quite moving; melancholy runs through every song.” – ENTERTAINMENT WEEKLY "By the time you make it to the album’s astonishing final stretch, it’s hard not to think that Daft Punk have succeeded at what they set out to do." - PITCHFORK RANDOM ACCESS MEMORIES – AVAILABLE NOW iTUNES -
Emilio Fina’s Debut Album O Sole Mio In Stores June 18, 2013 Produced by Gemini Award winning Glenn Morley with help from internationally acclaimed vocal coach Elaine Overholt (Toronto, Ontario- May 24, 2013) Sony Music Entertainment Canada Inc. is proud to announce the release of Emilio Fina’s debut album O Sole Mio on June 18, 2013. Emilio appeared on Canada’s Got Talent and quickly won the hearts of viewers across the country with his mesmerizing voice and touching story. Produced by Gemini Award winning composer, producer and musical director Glenn Morley (Amy Sky, Gino Vannelli) with help from internationally acclaimed vocal coach Elaine Overholt (Chicago, Hairspray), O Sole Mio features a colourful array of tracks that reflect Emilio’s vocal diversity and range. “Emilio Fina deserves to be heard by the world. His deep passion and soulfulness in each song is paired with a very fine, natural voice and his commitment, and stamina, in the recording studio was incredible!” said Elaine Overholt. The title and lead track off the album, “O Solo Mio,” features Airbourne 11, a group of Emilio’s Air Canada colleagues from Toronto Pearson, with whom he previously performed with on the reality show Canada Sings. “O Sole Mio,” along with the Neapolitan classics “Torna A Surriento,” “Santa Lucia,” and “Mattinata,” pay homage to Emilio’s Italian roots and provide a fresh take on the country’s rich musical heritage. The group, Airboune 11, also appear on “Blue Spanish Eyes.” Growing up in Brampton, Ontario, Emilio first learned to sing in the choir at church. It was there where he fell in love with the beautiful melodies and emotive lyrics in spiritual hymns. For his debut album, Emilio selected two of his favourites, “Ave Maria” and “Panis Angelicus,” inviting Evan Chang, a boy soprano from his church in Kitchener, to join him on the latter. As founding director of two opera companies, Brampton Lyric Opera and Opera Kitchener, Emilio directed, produced, and promoted numerous stage productions. Emilio believes West Side Story and Les Misérables represent the best that Broadway has to offer and is excited to showcase three iconic songs from those two musicals on O Sole Mio. Performing the role of Maria in his recording of West Side Story’s “Somewhere” is opera star Teiya Kasahara, whom Emilio previously featured at his opera company, Opera Kitchener. A classically trained tenor, O Sole Mio also features Emilio’s powerful voice in the opera classics “Au fond du temple saint” with Mark Gardner, “Una furtiva lagrima,” “E lucevan le stele,” “O soave faniulla” with Teiya Kasahara, and “Nessun dorma.” “In a crowded field of Tenors, Emilio stands out for his deep intuitive understanding of these classic songs that is fresh, authentic, and exciting.” -Glenn Morley O Sole Mio Track List O Sole Mio (feat. Airborne 11) Torna A Surriento Santa Lucia Mattinata Ave Maria Panis Angelicus with Evan Chang Blue Spanish Eyes (feat. Neil Kristian & Airborne 11) Maria (from West Side Story) Somewhere with Teiya Kasahara (from West Side Story) Bring Him Home (from Les Misérables) Au fond du temple saint with Mark Gardner (from The Pearl Fishers by Bizet) Una furtiva lagrima (from L’Elisir D’Amore by Donizetti) E lucevan le stelle (from Tosca by Puccini) O soave fanciulla with Teiya Kasahara (from La Bohème by Puccini) Nessun dorma (from Turandot by Puccini) For more information, please visit: www.facebook.com/emiliofina https://twitter.com/EmilioFina
GRAMMY NOMINATED HIP HOP ARTIST J. COLE MOVES FORTHCOMING SOPHOMORE ALBUM BORN SINNER UP ONE WEEK TO COMPETE WITH KANYE WEST ALBUM AVAILABLE ON DIGITAL RETAILERS AND IN STORES ON JUNE 18TH PRE-ORDER AVAILABLE NOW J. COLE PERFORMED SELF-PRODUCED SINGLE “POWER TRIP” FEATURING MIGUEL ON LATE NIGHT WITH JIMMY FALLON Single Sells GOLD in the U.S. with Over 500,000 Units Sold May 23, 2013 - NEW YORK, NY – GRAMMY-Nominated Roc Nation/Columbia artist J. Cole has boldly moved his hotly anticipated sophomore album Born Sinner release date up one week to June 18th in order for his release to coincide with Kanye West. In addition to the standard version of the album, which boasts 16 tracks, J. Cole will also release a deluxe version, which features 21 tracks. Both the standard version and deluxe version of Born Sinner will be readily available at all digital retailers and in stores across the nation now on June 18th, rather than the original release date of June 25th. “New legends,” says J. Cole, in reference to moving up the release date of Born Sinner. Pre-orders for Born Sinner, both standard and deluxe versions, are now available. Fans can purchase online here: www.smarturl.it/bornsinnerDLX www.smarturl.it/bornsinner J. Cole also revealed the cover artwork for both the standard and deluxe versions of Born Sinner. Stark yet stunning, the imagery, created by artists Hugo & Marie, depicts the seven deadly sins for the standard version and a devil figure for the deluxe version. J. Cole released the album artwork on the heels of the launch of BornSinner.com, a striking digital platform that features audio and visual documentary style stories of the people who have been significant and instrumental in shaping J. Cole’s life as an artist, producer and person. The first single from Born Sinner, the self-produced “Power Trip” featuring Grammy Award winner Miguel, is his fastest selling single yet, and has already sold Gold in the States with over 500,000 units sold to date. The single, which premiered in the U.S. on Clear Channel Media & Entertainment radio stations, is fast approaching #1 on the Mediabase Rhythm Chart and is Top 10 on the Mediabase Urban Chart, currently commanding over 55 million per week in multi-format radio audience. Purchase “Power Trip” featuring Miguel: EXPLICIT: smarturl.it/powertrip CLEAN: smarturl.it/powertripclean The accompanying video for “Power Trip” featuring Miguel, creative directed by J. Cole and co-directed by Nabil and Mike Piscitelli, has also proven to be a fan favourite right out of the gate, having amassed over 7 million views on VEVO. The video is currently in rotation on MTV, MTV2, MTV Hits, MTV Jams, Fuse and BET. View “Power Trip” ft. Miguel: Marking his first late night television solo performance, J. Cole performed “Power Trip” on Late Night With Jimmy Fallon this week with Fallon’s house band, The Roots. View Late Night With Jimmy Fallon performance: www.smarturl.it/ColeFallon Born Sinner is the follow up to Cole’s commercially and critically acclaimed debut album Cole World: The Sideline Story. An auspicious first full body of work, the album, released in fall 2011, debuted at #1 on the Billboard charts, having sold over 217,000 copies in its first week. Praised by national publications such as Rolling Stone, Entertainment Weekly and USA Today, Cole went on to garner a Grammy nomination for Best New Artist. For more information on J. Cole, please visit www.bornsinner.com , www.jcolemusic.com , www.Dreamvillain.net , www.RocNation.com and www.columbiarecords.com .
Kenny Chesney Joins “Katie Couric” May 13 Almost Entire Show Devoted to Life On A Rock, Spread the Love Fund New York: There are few people in the world as driven as Kenny Chesney, who released Life On A Rock and launched Blue Chair Bay Rum last week, while knee deep in his No Shoes Nation 2013 Tour that includes 19 NFL Stadiums. But in the takes-one-to-know-one department journalist/talk show host/activist/mother of two, Katie Couric sought her own level of accomplishment when she spent almost the entire show catching up with her friend and fellow make-it-happener, due to air May 13th. “Katie is so smart, and so good,” Chesney says of the woman whose talk show received multiple Emmy nominations in its first season. “When you talk to her, you can tell she doesn’t just understand, she gets it… and that makes you want to really talk to her. That kind of interviewing is rare, and I’m so glad we were able to make it happen.” The show, which also features two segments of First Responders in the Boston Marathon Bombing and a mother/daughter who were both injured, focuses on Chesney’s Spread The Love Fund, earmarked to help the injured get prosthetics and related care, the inspiration behind his deeply reflective Life On A Rock, taste-testing Blue Chair Bay Rum and discussing work ethic, achievement and the things that make life matter. “Meeting the firemen and policemen, EMTs and the doctor who was running the Marathon and broke through the police barricade to treat the injured,” the songwriter says, “was really a profound perspective giver. You look at those people, who didn’t think about their own safety, but helping others – and you realize what a hero really is!” He also performed a stripped down version of Rock’s “Spread The Love” with guitarists Kenny Greenberg and Clayton Mitchell, the song the Wailers had recorded in Jamaica they asked Chesney to write lyrics for. Chesney’s portion of the money from all downloads of “Spread The Love” will go to the Spread the Love Fund. www.bmc.org/kenny “Katie is so generous to let us come on her show,” Chesney continues. “Not just to talk about life and music, but to talk about the Spread the Love Fund. She knows she can make a difference, and that’s just the kind of person she is.” Meanwhile, Chesney’s No Shoes Nation Tour hits Dallas May 11 at Cowboys Stadium. With a full slate of dates, through August 23-24’s closing stand at Foxboro, MA’s Gillette Stadium, the man with 24 #1s is again bringing the summer alive across the nation. The Boston Globe raved about his latest, “Chesney returns to that reflective, often acoustic place for Life On A Rock, and again hits a high-water mark,” while The Chicago Tribune opined, “the country superstar turns down the volume to offer a quieter and more contemplative meditation on sand and sea” and Billboard proclaimed, “Kenny Chesney’s Life On A Rock is surely the most personal work he’s ever done, and time will likely prove it to be among his best-loved by fans.”
JUSTIN TIMBERLAKE TO KICK OFF THE 20/20 EXPERIENCE WORLD TOUR STARTING OCTOBER 31 GRAMMY® AND EMMY® AWARD-WINNING ARTIST’S FIRST HEADLINING TOUR IN SIX YEARS WILL VISIT CITIES THROUGHOUT NORTH AMERICA, EUROPE, AUSTRALIA AND SOUTH AMERICA THE JOURNEY WITH TIMBERLAKE’S THE 20/20 EXPERIENCE FEATURING 10 NEW SONGS WILL CONTINUE WITH WORLDWIDE RELEASE ON SEPTEMBER 30 (Los Angeles) – One of this generation’s most-celebrated entertainers, Justin Timberlake, announced today he will kick off The 20/20 Experience World Tour starting this year on October 31. After dominating the global charts with the release of his acclaimed new album, The 20/20 Experience, Timberlake will bring his electrifying live shows to fans with a worldwide tour that will run through 2014. The Grammy® and Emmy® Award-winning artist’s first tour in six years will visit dozens of countries throughout North America, Europe, South America and Australia. The 20/20 Experience World Tour is promoted worldwide by Live Nation Global Touring. Justin also revealed today the musical journey started on The 20/20 Experience will continue with the worldwide release of the new album on September 30, 2013. The 20/20 Experience World Tour will kick off in North America starting on October 31 in Montreal, Quebec at the Bell Centre with dates lined up for Las Vegas, Dallas, Houston, Phoenix, Atlanta and more. On-sale dates for this tour will be staggered with tickets for several shows going on sale starting on May 13 at 10 AM local time. Justin Timberlake’s all-new fan club, The Tennessee Kids (#TNKids), will have access to a pre-sale starting on May 7 at 10 AM local time. Fans should visit www.justintimberlake.com/tennesseekids to register for the fan club and receive a special code to access the pre-sale. A pre-sale for MasterCard cardholders will begin on May 8 at 10 AM local time. Cardholders will also have access to exclusive after shows in select markets as a part of the MasterCard Priceless Cities program. Fans should visit www.priceless.com/justintimberlake for more information. A full list of cities, venues and public on-sale dates is listed below. For the latest information regarding pre-sale and on-sale dates, please visit www.justintimberlake.com or www.livenation.com . Hashtag: #JT2020TOUR The 20/20 Experience, already hailed by critics as one of the year’s best albums, will continue with a second worldwide release this year on September 30. Written and produced by Justin, the epic album will feature 10 all new songs that explore the sonic boundaries fans discovered with the music found on this year’s earlier release. Justin’s first album in 7 years, The 20/20 Experience, has been certified Double Platinum in the United States and is the year’s fastest selling album. It also earned Justin the biggest first week sales for a male artist in five years along with the third biggest digital debut in SoundScan history ranking just behind Lady Gaga and Taylor Swift. After its release, the critically-hailed album immediately soared to the #1 spot in the United States, United Kingdom, Germany, Canada, Australia, New Zealand, Ireland, Switzerland and across Asia. It spent a rare three weeks at #1 in both the United States and United Kingdom and has so far produced two chart-topping singles with ‘Suit & Tie’ and ‘Mirrors.’ Internationally, the album hit the #1 spot on iTunes in 93 countries, stormed the UK charts to become the biggest debut of 2013 and earned Justin his first #1 album in Germany. It also shattered iTunes records to become the fastest-selling album worldwide in their history. The long-awaited release became one of Target’s top three best-selling albums in the past decade, topping first week sales of his last release FutureSex/LoveSounds. It also led Timberlake to become Target’s biggest selling male artist since 2002. This year, Timberlake has made a series of headline-making appearances including well-received live performances during this year’s Grammy Awards and the Brit Awards in the UK, an interview on the long-running The Jonathan Ross Show in London and a performance and interview on Germany’s popular program called Wetten Dass. He also delivered a ratings-busting hosting gig on Saturday Night Live where he helped the show reach a 14-month high in audience numbers and did a week-long guest spot on Late Night With Jimmy Fallon where ratings were driven up 33% over last year among the coveted 18-34 demographic. Justin’s performances including several comedy sketches were often the most talked about events the following day and week earning praise from media across the world. He also delivered solid ratings for The Ellen DeGeneres Show in April where, for the first time in the show’s 10 year history, someone was both their sole guest and musical performer. Timberlake was honored this year by TIME Magazine as an Icon on their influential Time 100 List. In addition to The 20/20 Experience World Tour, fans will be able to see more of Justin Timberlake live when he and JAY Z kick off their Legends Of The Summer Stadium Tour in Toronto, Ontario on July 17 that will take the musical heavyweights to 12 cities across North America. On July 10, Timberlake will perform at Phoenix Park in Dublin, Ireland. He will headline the sold-out Wireless Festival in London on July 12 and will take the festival stage with JAY Z two days later on July 14. Timberlake is also a headliner at the Rock In Rio Festival on September 15 and will guest host the Capital FM Summertime Bash in London on June 9 at Wembley Stadium.
