Sony launching the Xperia Z1, Xperia Z Ultra and SmartWatch 2 in the US If you are a Sony fan, but live in the States, then you probably know by now that the Japanese manufacturer doesn't have the strongest positions stateside, which means that the newest Sony products usually take a while to reach the coast. Luckily for you, t...
Motorola makes it easier to switch to Motorola Moto X from Apple iPhone If you have decided to swap out your Apple iPhone for a Motorola Moto X, the wholly owned Google subsidiary has developed a web tool to make it easier to migrate from Apple's iconic smartphone to the first Motorola handset built with input from Google. Moto...
Nexus 5 makes brief appearance on Google Play. $349 for 16GB version (Screenshots) The Nexus 5 is the worst kept surprise in the tech industry. We’ve seen extensive images of the upcoming Google flagship, it’s been caught on video and now it appears that we have a price for it: $349. That price is for the entry level (16 GB) model, accord...
Ubuntu Touch OS Launches on Galaxy Nexus and Nexus 4 Devices After a long testing process and a failed crowd-funding campaign, Canonical officially launched its Ubuntu Touch OS on Android today. The Ubuntu UI is only available to download on the Nexus 4 and Galaxy Nexus for now. Canonical warns the software could pot...
Galaxy Note 10.1 2014 Unboxing Samsung has released several high-end smartphones in the last year with monster specifications. Yet all its tablets have been lacking that special ingredient to set them apart from the masses. They all sported low-end displays, year-old chipsets, and less t...
Top 10 Car-racing Games for Android Diveces The best Android arcade racing game series reaches a new turning point! Perform dynamic, high-speed aerial stunts in an intense driving experience powered by a brand-new physics engine! LUXURY DREAM CARS • 47 high-performance cars (80% of them NEW!) • Top l...
Google's Multiplayer Augmented Reality Game 'Ingress' Launching for iOS Ingress, a mobile-augmented reality game created by Google for Android devices, is set to launch on iOS devices next year, reports AllThingsD. Plans for the iOS version of the game were confirmed by Ingress product manager Brandon Badger, with the Android v...
Ex-Valve Employees Launch Augmented and Virtual Reality Glasses castAR Glasses on Kickstarter More than half-a-year after being let go by Valve, Jeri Ellsworth, noted inventor, and fellow former Valve colleague Rick Johnson, programmer, are ready to begin gathering the crowd-funds they need to make their CastAR augmented and virtual reality glasses ...
Angry Birds Go! Finally Gets a Gameplay Trailer and Release Date! We've been speculating what Angry Birds Go! was going to be all about since we first heard of it, and after today's gameplay trailer it'd seem that it's probably going to be the closest thing to Mario Kart available on the App Store. Per the trailer, it clo...
Apple patents tech that would give iPhones cat-like reflexes Patent No. 20130257582, otherwise known as “protecting an electronic device,” is basically a broad set of schemes that Apple has devised to keep your phone from landing on its screen or other vulnerable areas. The document outlines a number of different met...
Nike Unveils Nike+ FuelBand SE, Supports iPhone 5s[Video] Nike today introduced the Nike+ FuelBand SE, the newest version of its wearable fitness band, which connects users with a new Nike+ FuelBand App. Originally launched in early 2012, the iconic Nike+ FuelBand tracks all day movement using NikeFuel. The new Ni...
Check Out The Insanely Lifelike Steve Jobs Action Figure internet advertising Via
New iPad Coming! Apple Officially Announces Media Event On October 22 Apple has officially announced that it will be holding a special event on October 22nd where the company is expected to unveil the new iPad 5 and iPad mini 2. The event is being held at the Yerba Buena Center for the Arts and the invitation reads, "We sti...
HTC One max hands-on We have the “normal” sized flagships, and then we have their mini counterparts. Still, those two particular options are never enough for consumers, especially in this day and age when variety in size is increasingly becoming competitive. It’s crazy to belie...
New Android 4.4 images show the KitKat easter egg, UI tweaks, and more There seem to be multiple builds of Android 4.4 KitKat floating around the interwebs. Some leaks we see have UI changes that others don't, so it's making it even harder to tell what is real and what may not be. This newest batch of alleged Android 4.4 scree...
100K Xiaomi Mi3 and 3K Mi TV Sold Out in 2 Minutes Believe or not, the Xiaomi brand device is really hot in China. Today, Xiaomi opens online order of Xiaomi Mi3 at 1999 RMB and Mi TV at 2999 RMB, and 100k Mi3 and 3K Mi TV sold out in 1 Minutes 26 seconds and 1 minute 58 second respectively. The Mi3 sold th...
Accessories for HTC One Max that You Can't Miss Alongside the new HTC One max, HTC has also announced the new Power Flip Case for the phablet, as well as compatibility to two other accessories for the HTC smartphone: the HTC BoomBass speaker cube, the HTC Fetch Bluetooth tag as well as the Mini+ phone fo...
Rumor: HTC Developing Smartphone for Amazon Last year reportedly Amazon would announce their own phone, but according to latest source, Amazon would ask HTC to develop their Amazon-branded phone, and actually this phone is almost done. Furthermore, there are 3 devices has been developed by HTC for A...
Mini MicroSD Card Reader for Android Need more storage for your Android smartphones/tablets? Now you can have it. This external card reader lets you use MicroSD card on your Android tablets and smartphones. What does it do? Well, it is just like a SD card reader that you use on your computer, ...
Rumor talks Nexus 5 price, and possible Nexus 4 LTE model Remember back when Google redesigned the Nexus landing page and left open some room for speculation by labeling the phone section with the plural "phones"? We had hoped against hope that little clue would mean two new Nexus handsets this year, and a new rum...
