Sony Announces the FIRST mirror-less Full Frame camera with inter-changeable lenses Yesterday Sony unveiled the brand new a7 and a7r full frame mirror-less cameras, the first of their kind. Basically they have combined the best of their Alpha line with the NEX line with these new cameras. Moving forward, the NEX line of cameras will all be under their Alpha name. It is during times like this that I am stoked to be working closely with companies such as Sony. I have been using many Sony products lately, such as the full frame rX1 and have been nothing short of impressed. Needless to say, I can't wait to get my hands on the Sony a7r! Lots of amazing projects in the works! Sony A7 / A7R key features: - 24.3 megapixel full-frame CMOS sensor with OLPF [A7] - 36.3 megapixel full-frame CMOS sensor with no OLPF [A7R] - E-mount with support for FE, E, and A-mount lenses (with adapter) - Bionz X image processor - Hybrid AF system with 25 contrast-detect and 117 phase-detect points [A7 only] - Weather-sealed magnesium alloy body - 3-inch tilting LCD with 1.23 million dots - XGA (2.4 million dot) electronic viewfinder - Diffraction correction technology - Full HD video recording at 1080/60p and 24p; uncompressed HDMI output - Wi-Fi with NFC capability and downloadable apps
Sony Announces the FIRST mirror-less Full Frame camera with inter-changeable lenses Yesterday Sony unveiled the brand new a7 and a7r full frame mirror-less cameras, the first of their kind. Basically they have combined the best of their Alpha line with the NEX line with these new cameras. Moving forward, the NEX line of cameras will all be under their Alpha name. It is during times like this that I am stoked to be working closely with companies such as Sony. I have been using many Sony products lately, such as the full frame rX1 and have been nothing short of impressed. Needless to say, I can't wait to get my hands on the Sony a7r! Lots of amazing projects in the works! Sony A7 / A7R key features: - 24.3 megapixel full-frame CMOS sensor with OLPF [A7] - 36.3 megapixel full-frame CMOS sensor with no OLPF [A7R] - E-mount with support for FE, E, and A-mount lenses (with adapter) - Bionz X image processor - Hybrid AF system with 25 contrast-detect and 117 phase-detect points [A7 only] - Weather-sealed magnesium alloy body - 3-inch tilting LCD with 1.23 million dots - XGA (2.4 million dot) electronic viewfinder - Diffraction correction technology - Full HD video recording at 1080/60p and 24p; uncompressed HDMI output - Wi-Fi with NFC capability and downloadable apps
This video is 15 minutes long. I went from a stock, freshly wiped Nexus 7 with a locked bootloader to Cyanogenmod in that time. Best part? I was taking my time. I downloaded the installer, opened it, opened the app on my phone, described most of the process as I went along, fumbled around to find the power button at one point and got everything setup faster than 15 minutes. All without any prep work aside from installing one app from the play store on my phone and finding a USB cable. It really doesn't get much easier than that.
Sunset in San Juan, PR After being disappointed because the sunset was not that amazing, I turned around and saw this behind me.
Sunset in San Juan, PR After being disappointed because the sunset was not that amazing, I turned around and saw this behind me.
Sunset in San Juan, PR After being disappointed because the sunset was not that amazing, I turned around and saw this behind me.
Sunset in San Juan, PR After being disappointed because the sunset was not that amazing, I turned around and saw this behind me. #HDR #landscapephotography #puertorico #colorefexpro4 #sharpenerpro3 #Dfine #Beach
A more helpful, visual Nik website The next time you head over to the Nik website you might notice we’ve spruced things up a bit! We’ve redesigned the site to make it easier for you to explore the creative potential of the Nik Collection. We’ve also made it easier to browse tutorials, videos, and articles that you can use to hone your editing technique. Head over to google.com/nikcollection to check it out ( niksoftware.com still works too). We’re excited to hear what you think!
I've been waiting for this for a while
Download #Timely , use CRT5-ZKV7-27F7 and get a theme for free!
5 Things To Consider ( #5TTC ) #10 - Tips to help nab a magical sunset photo for #SunsetDay - by + Brian Matiash We put together a quick infographic that shares some tidbits to consider when photographing sunsets, especially if you plan to use HDR. Also, be sure to join + Trey Ratcliff , + Thomas Hawk , + Nicole S. Young and + Karen Hutton *LIVE* at 1PM Pacific / 4PM Eastern for a sunset themed HOA hosted by none other than + The Weather Channel . They'll be sharing their own tips and experiences around sunset photography. https://plus.google.com/u/0/events/ca52a5tuuhpd310ff1ofo1d17ho
Sleeping Giants || Mt Bromo Indonesia Surely, I must be staring at some strange and fascinating alien world… Watching the stars dance above this extraordinary landscape... Behind the scenes, Post-processing and Camera settings: There are only a few places on our beautiful planet that I would be so confident to call otherworldly. Fewer still that can impose such a profound sense of awe and wonder, where the simple act of seeing is enough to satisfy an avid explorer’s wild curiosity. Enter The Tengger Massif Indonesia houses many visual treasures but Mount Bromo is widely recognized as one of the most impressive. Part of the Tengger Massif and situated in a large caldera, Mt. Bromo is the collapsed remain of a once larger giant. Still active today, it shares proximity with (the active) Mount Semeru, the largest mountain on the island of Java which stands tall at an impressive 3,676 meters (12,060 feet). To give a total sense of scale, the entire area of Bromo Tengger Semeru National Park spans a massive 800 square kilometers. I spent the better part of 4 days in the area surrounding these extraordinary mountains, sleeping very little, and investing my twilight hours enjoying and photographing the beautiful stars above. In that time, two of the mornings provided me the perfect recipe for crafting my vision - clear skies full of stars and epic fog below. To top it off, my last morning shooting from Penanjakan 1 was complemented with a beautiful cloudy sky. Read the entire post here: And you can find out how I was photobombed by the International Space Station. ;) #bromo #indonesia #java #travelphotography #stars #astrophotography #startrails
Never forget With an absence of words, silence, and a photo, will have to do. #September11
90% of the tech world in about 2 hours.
LOL... I can't believe they did a Sport Science on the Butt Fumble.
onOne Software Announced Perfect Photo Suite 8! My friends at + onOne Software just announced Perfect Photo Suite 8. Check out the software at Before I go into what's new, I want to point out that I really do use this software on a regular basis and have been testing Suite 8 for some time now. It's amazing! Here are articles I've written about the onOne Software Perfect Photo Suite: Here is what's new: New Perfect Enhance module, Perfect Eraser, Perfect Batch utility, and re-engineered Perfect Effects module create a complete photo editing solution that seamlessly integrates into any workflow - Perfect Enhance module – Perfect Enhance provides essential tools for basic enhancements. Use it to adjust brightness and contrast, remove a color cast, remove dust spots and power lines, and add sharpening and vignettes. It is an ideal module to start with when using Perfect Photo Suite 8 as a standalone application or when quick corrections are needed. - Perfect Eraser – Using content-aware fill technology and simple brush strokes, the Perfect Eraser removes objects and automatically reconstructs the image with realistic results. - Twice as Many Filters – The Effects module now includes new adjustable filters including: HDR Look, Dynamic Contrast for tonal clarity, Vintage, Grunge, Antique, and more. - Customizable Presets – All built-in presets included in Perfect Photo Suite 8 may be deconstructed by their filter settings and personally customized. - FocalPoint is now in the Effects Module – The best parts of FocalPoint technology to create bokeh, tilt-shift, and selective focus effects after the shot, are now in the Effects module as the Lens Blur filter. - New Browse module – Images can be browsed and directly accessed from Perfect Photo Suite wherever they are stored—on the computer, an external drive, a connected network, and even on a cloud-based storage service like Dropbox, Google Drive, or Apple’s photo stream. - Perfect Batch Utility – Powerful batch processing of actions from one or multiple modules, including the insertion of a watermark. - Multiple File Handling: As a photo editor, you can now open and work with more than one image at a time. Move between images to edit or copy layers from one file to the next. - Improved Masking Bug: Redesigned Masking Bug in the Effects and Layers modules make mask creation easier and more intuitive. - Higher Quality Effects: Performance enhancements improve effects by minimizing artifacts without sacrificing processing speed. - Improved RAW file handling: Open and process RAW files faster and with better quality. Support for new cameras also added Check out the new software and pre-order your copy at (note: I do use affiliate links which means if you make a purchase I make a small commission)
+ Adobe Just announced a new package for PS CC and Lightroom
That mildly orgasmic feeling of scratching an unrelenting itch. That. I have that right now. Here's an unrelated image.
Google just quietly dropped the Nexus 4 to $199 off contract. That's not even a typo. Holy smokes. Stock will move quickly now... The next Nexus is almost upon us. https://play.google.com/store/devices/details?id=nexus_4_8gb
+ CyanogenMod + Chromecast Chromecast all the things? That's actually possible. I added some framework extensions to + CyanogenMod to let any app which plays audio/video using the MediaPlayer to be sent to the Chromecast. This supports both local content (stuff on the SD Card) and remote content (podcasts).
+ Michael Saladino (in Black) and Kevin (in Blue) attempting Dizzy Bat at the + Rockland Boulders Baseball game. #DizzyBat #RocklandBoulders
Outstanding time lapse video of European attractions at night. Simply stunning when you crank up the volume, switch to HD mode and enjoy in full screen.
How To Use The New SmugMug - Webinars TODAY! Hi folks! We're kicking off a series of one hour webinars to walk you through the new SmugMug. Tune in for a one-hour introduction to the amazing new options and tools on your SmugMug website. We'll touch on migrating, choosing and editing designs - how to use the super new customization and the powerful site organizer. Join us for one, or all. Please RSVP below: *Wed, Jul 31, 2013 at 4:30 PM - 5:30 PM PDT (7:30 PM - 8:30 PM EDT): https://www4.gotomeeting.com/register/309542855 *Wed, Jul 31, 2013 7:00 PM - 8:00 PM PDT (10:00 PM - 11:00 PM EDT): https://www4.gotomeeting.com/register/581028063 *Wed, Jul 31, 2013 10:00 PM - 11:00 PM PDT (1:00 AM - 2:00 AM EDT): https://www4.gotomeeting.com/register/687654607 **More webinars coming soon!** #SmugMug #NewSmugMug
What a huge day in SmugMug history. Not a day has gone by over the past 2 years that we haven't poured our soul and guts into rebuilding SmugMug to make it faster and more beautiful. We're so honored to share this with you today: Check out these amazing sites from: + Trey Ratcliff : + Thomas Hawk : + Jessica Ambats : Sarah Lee: Ben Von Wong: + Jay Patel : + Varina Patel : + Colby Brown : + Elia Locardi : + Jaime Ibarra : + Shantia Veney : + Scott Jarvie : And more to come!
