Sony Mirrorless Full Frame- The Future or Photography? I love gadgets. So it's no surprise that I make it pretty clear what I'm using, and occasionally, what I find intriguing. About a year and a half ago I bought my first modern digital Interchangeable lens camera and as I detailed here, I chose the Sony NEX system. Sony is a company that has shown a willingness to push the boundaries. Here are some examples: Release of the NEX (First mirrorless APS-C system), RX-1 (First Full Frame fixed lens Mirrorless camera), Focus peaking system, and the Alpha SLT system. They make the sensors used in Nikon's flagship Full frame cameras and the sensor used in the iPhone 5 and 5s. So, with the release and subsequent success of the RX-1 it isn't that much of a surprise that Sony is only a few days from releasing an interchangeable lens Full Frame Mirrorless system. It will use the same lens mount as the NEX system and the first 2 models will carry a center-mounted Electronic Viewfinder. Digicame-info.com posted a couple photos which have been confirmed by Andrea at Sony Alpha Rumors. To my eyes, the camera looks like a hybrid. The body and top controls are like an RX-1, the grip and mount are from the NEX bodies, and the hump on top of the body for the EVF that looks like an old school pentraprism box. There have been quite a few exceptional photographers that have moved to mirrorless systems as their primary kit over the past couple years. Trey Ratcliff recently started using the NEX 7 for his epic landscapes. Zack Arias is a hardcore Fuji X series user. TED photographer Duncan Davidson has been using the RX-1 as his main camera for day-to-day use. Aaron Courter, who is an exceptional Portland based photographer and a long time friend has been incorporating the Fuji X cameras into his personal work, wedding and portrait business with great success. I'm in love with the Sony NEX. I never even considered a DSLR camera because of the size, the weight and what I perceived to be its imminent demise. Up until now, you couldn't really get the same image quality and crazy shallow depth of field from a mirrorless camera, but I think the A7 and A7r will be the start of a large scale move away from large DSLR bodies for most photographers. Sure, there are some times when the larger camera really makes sense. The Mirrored design still allows for faster focusing in sports contexts and there is certainly an expectation in event photography that will take awhile to pass. In addition, the larger bodies do have many features still missing from the new breed of mirrorless cameras and certainly handle big glass much better. This is a moment. It feels like the rise of ultra portable notebooks such as the Macbook Air which have almost negated the need for more powerful desktops for all but the most demanding of users. I believe we are witnessing the birth of the future of photography.
From JunkyardArts: Neil deGrasse Tyson thinks your ghost stories are bullshit.
This brand spanking new + NewTek TriCaster 8000 with expanded control surface is our new reality at + TWiT , effective this morning. I was the guinea pig as I got to do the first live show with the new setup, + Tech News Today . Things went incredibly smooth, especially considering how different this new machine is compared to the TCXD850 Extreme that we've been running for the past few years. New animated lower thirds, a seemingly unlimited number of inputs on the screen at any time (thanks to the ability of nesting M/E's into others.) Seriously, my mind is racing with ideas on how to complicate my live production in awesome ways. BIG thanks to the + TWiT team that literally stayed here until around 4am this morning making sure TDs like myself had a fully baked and operational new machine and switcher to run in the morning, a few of which who were right back here this morning, even before I arrived to make sure my show went smoothly. + Alex Gumpel + John Slanina + Russell Tammany + Burke McQuinn all deserve raises. And if those raises happen to be in the form of pie instead of money, A: I'm sorry, and B: I do hope they'll share.
Einführung In HDR - Dieser Kurs eignet sich perfekt für Anfänger in Sachen Fotografie, die gleich zu Beginn mit guten Bildern einsteigen wollen und sich nicht davor scheuen, etwas zu lernen. Aber er ist auch sehr gut für erfahrenere und sogar fortgeschrittene Fotografen, die ihre Fähigkeiten gerne mit neuen Techniken und Sichtweisen verbessern wollen. Tausende haben mithilfe dieses Kurses bereits gelernt, wie man schöne HDR-Fotos macht – und ich bin sicher, er kann auch Ihnen etwas beibringen! Denken Sie immer daran: Jeder kann es. Alles, was es braucht, ist ein kleines bisschen Neugier. Sie werden sich selbst innerhalb kurzer Zeit überraschen!
Students have now found other things to do during lunch....
"Did Al Gore Invent the Internet?"
SmugMug New York City Photowalk At PhotoPlus Expo Thursday, October 24th 3:30PM Sign up here https://plus.google.com/u/2/events/c9q0brnhp7o0pnb1dhb4v77gaa0 Join SmugMug Community Manager + Michael Bonocore and #SmugMugPro + Alan Shapiro for an afternoon of Photography fun, Big Apple style! We will meet at the Javits Convention Center (where PPE is being held) at 3:30PM on Thursday, October 24th. From there, we will stroll southbound along the Hudson River towards the Meatpacking District, where we will hop on the world famous Highline! Plenty of SmugMug swag for all in attendance, as well as prizes from SmugMug, X-Rite and many others! Bring whatever camera you have...even if it's just an iPhone or an Android device Awesome photo of the Statue of Liberty by #SmugMugrPro + Thomas Hawk ! Check it out on his SmugMug site! #Photography #NewYork #Night #StatueOfLiberty #Manhattan #Photowalk #SmugMug #PPE #PhotoPlusExpo
So what does + Mark Perkins think of this little baby?
Mind Trick Re-share it if you like this. Add me to circles if you like amazing, funny pics, and videos... Have a good one! #mind #trick #funny #pics
Here is the Nexus 5 -
part of you pours out of me in these lines from time to time. "a case of you" joni mitchell cover. <3 A Case Of You - Joni Mitchell Cover
My friend + Heather Frank worked on this fantastic documentary about #TheWalkingDead and Robert Kirkman. Special guest appearances by + Ron Richards , Blair Butler, and even a tiny me cameo! (I am not tiny, the cameo is).
Give your mobile productivity a boost. Free update to Windows 8.1 is available today.
Today is "Spirit Day"--a day to stand up to and against bullying. Join me and GLAAD in sharing this message, and help spread hope and raise spirits today.
"Learn All the GIMP Keyboard Shortcuts with This Cheat Sheet"
had the best time shooting this mashup video with Hunter Hayes, Jason Mraz and a handful of other amazing folks! check it out
Today, the Freedom of the Press Foundation is launching a major new initiative to ensure that any newsroom can create a simple and secure way for whistleblowers and sources to anonymously contact journalists. The project is called SecureDrop and it is built on the open source whistleblower submission system originally designed by the late Aaron Swartz.
Sony Mirrorless Full Frame- The Future or Photography? I love gadgets. So it's no surprise that I make it pretty clear what I'm using, and occasionally, what I find intriguing. About a year and a half ago I bought my first modern digital Interchangeable lens camera and as I detailed here, I chose the Sony NEX system. Sony is a company that has shown a willingness to push the boundaries. Here are some examples: Release of the NEX (First mirrorless APS-C system), RX-1 (First Full Frame fixed lens Mirrorless camera), Focus peaking system, and the Alpha SLT system. They make the sensors used in Nikon's flagship Full frame cameras and the sensor used in the iPhone 5 and 5s. So, with the release and subsequent success of the RX-1 it isn't that much of a surprise that Sony is only a few days from releasing an interchangeable lens Full Frame Mirrorless system. It will use the same lens mount as the NEX system and the first 2 models will carry a center-mounted Electronic Viewfinder. Digicame-info.com posted a couple photos which have been confirmed by Andrea at Sony Alpha Rumors. To my eyes, the camera looks like a hybrid. The body and top controls are like an RX-1, the grip and mount are from the NEX bodies, and the hump on top of the body for the EVF that looks like an old school pentraprism box. There have been quite a few exceptional photographers that have moved to mirrorless systems as their primary kit over the past couple years. Trey Ratcliff recently started using the NEX 7 for his epic landscapes. Zack Arias is a hardcore Fuji X series user. TED photographer Duncan Davidson has been using the RX-1 as his main camera for day-to-day use. Aaron Courter, who is an exceptional Portland based photographer and a long time friend has been incorporating the Fuji X cameras into his personal work, wedding and portrait business with great success. I'm in love with the Sony NEX. I never even considered a DSLR camera because of the size, the weight and what I perceived to be its imminent demise. Up until now, you couldn't really get the same image quality and crazy shallow depth of field from a mirrorless camera, but I think the A7 and A7r will be the start of a large scale move away from large DSLR bodies for most photographers. Sure, there are some times when the larger camera really makes sense. The Mirrored design still allows for faster focusing in sports contexts and there is certainly an expectation in event photography that will take awhile to pass. In addition, the larger bodies do have many features still missing from the new breed of mirrorless cameras and certainly handle big glass much better. This is a moment. It feels like the rise of ultra portable notebooks such as the Macbook Air which have almost negated the need for more powerful desktops for all but the most demanding of users. I believe we are witnessing the birth of the future of photography.
