Sony A7 and A7r pose for the camera
EGYPTE, vallée des rois, temple de la reine Hatchepsout Voilà un monument qui ne ressemble pas aux autres! On peu retrouver a certains endroits les couleurs encore intactes.
Visit the Best of the Royal City of Jodhpur! A day is not enough to marvel the beauty of the places here, but if time is a constraint and if you still want to visit a few places, thie list below could help you spot the best of Jodhpur that you could visit in a day. #jodhpur #india #forts
Went to a photography show in Pasadena California and this camera was there.. i want one.. lol (Sorry, took this with my cellphone )
Went to a camera show today and i wasn't going to get anything just walk around and look at some of the old cameras. i was looking for the Nikon F5 but they didn't have it. They had this 5 dollar table, any camera for 5 dollars. so i picked up the Minolta for $5 and it works good, very clean.. i have a roll of Ilford Delta 400... Can't wait to use it. : ) I have so many Minolta lenses...
I don't know why I stick with Agfa cameras. Here's my recently cleaned Agfa Isola. The next days I will make some test shots.
It was a bit dark and the mirror slap send a gentle shake through my Pentax 67. Long enough to blur the already long 1/30 exposure shot with a 200mm lens. So I post it anyway Pentax 67 Takumar 200mm f/4 Kodak Ektar100 Jobo Press Kit, Epson V500
+ Markus Ortner here is the same camera next to my Olympus XA so you can see the size of the 6x9 against the little 35mm rangrfinder thanks for your comments btw
My Spotmatic II arrived today. Camera is in nice shape after i cleaned her up and works well so far. The lens is free of fungus and without any scratches. Aperture ring works fine but the distance ring is somehow a bit hard to turn. Also something is making a sound inside. All in all the camera feels really nice and i'm looking forward using it. Which batteries can i use instead of mercury cells ?
Pushkar Fair - Travel Through the Colours of Rajasthan! The golden sands of Rajasthan is even more glittering during the great festival of Pushkar. The Pushkar Fair or 'Pushkar Ka Mela' as the locals call it, is one of the largest camel fairs in the world. #rajasthan #incredibleindia #pushkar_fair #india
Historical Monuments of Maharashtra These archival monuments will draw you back to the bygone ages of this vibrant state. #incredibleindia #architecture #maharashtra
If you want to understand lenses, I have some good news. I made a video for you hope you enjoy.
Sony A7 and A7r pose for the camera
Victoria Falls is a waterfall in southern Africa on the Zambezi River at the border of Zambia and Zimbabwe. #victoriafalls #africa #amazingworld
The greatest Bangkok attractions The best time to visit Bangkok attractions is during the cool season from November to February, because the monsoons come in March and then heat.
