I hope they announce details on the Nexus 5 soon as I'm pretty keen on the + Sony Xperia Z1. Awesome display and camera with a big battery. And it's waterproof! I could get it on a 24 month contract with unlimited data for just £27 a month. Tempting ....
On second thoughts, maybe not. The estimated install time is nearly 3 hours and I want to watch some TV from my Plex server. It can wait!
I hope they announce details on the Nexus 5 soon as I'm pretty keen on the + Sony Xperia Z1. Awesome display and camera with a big battery. And it's waterproof! I could get it on a 24 month contract with unlimited data for just £27 a month. Tempting ....
Moob rocked at the Pretoria Vaults in Okehampton last night! + Stuart Tolley
I think I'll be purchasing one of these pretty soon. I've been a fan since Google first launched the Chromebook but there are some really nice refinements in the HP Chromebook 11.
My office is just about to become a bedroom as we've got another baby on the way, so my trusty 5 year old desktop PC is being retired (or most likely turned into a headless Plex server).
Cheers Nathan. How's it going at the University? That's interesting about printing. I could always plug the printer into a Raspberry Pi and use Google Cloud Print.
Flybe has been a bit of a rollercoaster ride recently but things seem to be getting better. We've got less than 35 people in IT now but we're starting to recruit again. I met Dave for lunch about two weeks ago and he was just about to start at Plymouth University as a IT Business Partner. Strange coincidence!
Did Sony just roll back the rel11 update for the NSZ-GS7? I had an update notification so I just installed it and now my About screen says I'm back on rel10?
+ Joseph Cappellino thanks! I'm in the UK so it may be that they roll out the change incrementally depending on where you are.
The update notes on screen just said about improving stability and performance.
+ Matt Lane Yes. I was definitely on 11 before, but it now says its on 10 and that the system is up to date.
And two days ago it updated to rel11 again. Very strange!
Fresh sea bass from the market in Olhao on the barbecue tonight
I downloaded the image and flashed it manually
+ John Paul Wile Yes it wipes the storage. It does feel considerably faster.
+ Samuli Lindgren I've also just updated my Nexus 7. That definitely feels faster too. For everyone asking I'm not sure about Bluetooth LE as I have no way of testing. I can't make a call on the battery life as my GNex has been tethered to the Nexus 7 all morning downloading updates!
Spectacular view over Dartmoor from mid way around my 7 mile trail run this evening #running #strava :
Just start off with an easy 3 miles and build up again. It doesn't take that much time. I've been doing easy (flat-ish) 6 mile runs for a couple of weeks and wanted to do a hard 6 mile run. Turns out that route is 7 miles, and tough on the climbs out through Flat Rock and up in to Cleave Valley. The rest was actually quite enjoyable. Let me know if you want me to join you for some shorter runs!
A Guide To Agile Requirements Documentation This is the second blog of a two-part blog series about requirements documentation for agile teams. Last blog post we looked at walking the documentation tightrope in an agile world - the challenges faced by teams switching over from a “traditional” product requirements document to other techniques used to define problems. We reminded ourselves that writing a requirements document should be considered as just one of many different ways we can define customer problems. So you’ve discussed a set of user stories with your engineer and designer. Gone back and forth, had a few whiteboard sessions and concluded there are a few more dimensions you need to consider for this feature that you are working on. You need to flesh out some assumptions you’re making, think deeper about how this fits in the overall scheme of things and keep track of all the open questions you need to answer. What next? Click the link below to keep reading...
Our garden with the addition of the new swinging chair! Thanks + Jo Wilson
Good run tonight with + Will Campbell only 4 miles but hilly and finding it easier
I've now got my Google TV setup all sorted. Sony NSZ-GS7 with a Humax Fox T2 Freeview tuner with external hard disk recording (currently to a 500GB WD Passport). I'm fairly impressed with the Sony set top box but can't wait for the Google TV 3 update. I wish I could search the EPG and Primetime would be a nice addition for the UK. It feels like the UK are missing out on quite a few features at the moment. The Google TV Remote app is nice on my Galaxy Nexus. I wish there were apps for Spotify, LoveFilm and Now TV. And yes, I need to have a tidy up the cables!
Just downloaded the APK from the web and installed it. Works a treat and I don't know why Google don't make it available to UK users through the Play Store.
+ Michael Johnson Thanks, yeah the Humax box gets hot too so I won't leave it all set up like that. + Adam Grove The Sony remote works well with the Fox T2. All the PVR functionality (recording, live pause, etc) works fine. The record button is on the QWERTY side and works with the function key so that's fine. Actually really impressed with the T2 it's a great tuner. I picked up mine online as Grade-A stock for £69. The Google TV only cost me £99 so it was all really good value.
+ Thomas Ally Thanks, I haven't seen that before so I will give it a try
After much procrastination I've just ordered myself a Sony NSZ-GS7 Google TV set top box. It only cost me £99 (from a company on Amazon) and will give me a cheap way to try out Google's platform. I've read plenty of mixed reviews but I'd be interested to hear some actual user experiences.
+ Travis Halfman Apparently the update will mean Flash is no longer supported
Someone help! I've setup the Sony NSZ-GS7 but can't get it to control either my TV or Tuner. When I try and search for the manufacturer it says it can't find anything. My TV is a Sony Bravia via and the set top box is a Humax Fox T2. The device is reaching the internet okay and I'm able to browse the web in Chrome. Its updated to the REL08 software. It won't find any manufacturers. Help!
My issue with not detecting my Freeview tuner and TV seems to have resolved itself. Google TV is all working well and I'm very pleased!
Not a good ride at Haldon tonight. The bearing in one of my pedals seized which resulted in the pedal falling off about four miles in to our first loop. New pedals and hopefully I'll have better luck next time. Does anyone have suggestions for recent grippy flat pedals?
I've had a good look around the web this morning for replacements. I like love the Crank Bros 50/50's as suggested by + Keithean St J but they're a bit pricey. The Wellgo MG-1 suggested by + Igor K. also looks good but again expensive. I've ended buying some DMR V8 Mag's. I had some V8's a few years ago and they were grippy and lasted well. Thanks for all your input. It was my first post in the G+ MTB community and I'm pleased to see its very much alive and kicking!
+ Gmail is getting a new inbox on desktop and mobile that uses simple, easy organization to let you see what's new at a glance and decide which emails you want to read and when. More details:
Meet the new Google+ Technology works best when it gets out of the way, and lets people do what makes them happiest: living, learning and loving. That’s why, when we started the Google+ project nearly two years ago, we aimed to bring real-life sharing to software. We wanted to forget about tools, and focus on each other. And it seems to be working. Consider: 190 million people are now active in the Google+ stream, and 390 million are active across Google (+1’ing apps in Google Play, making video calls in Gmail, sharing videos from YouTube...). It’s a community of artists and astronauts and computer scientists and quilters — and it’s awesome. But we’ve only just begun. Get more on the new Google+ including the new Stream, Hangouts and Photos: #googleplusupdate #googleplusphotos #googleplushangouts #io13
The St Ives lifeboat has been out this evening. I'm not sure if for a drill or a real emergency. They're just putting it away using the cool multi-track tractor which is also used to get it into the water. A clever and elaborate process.
Nice run this evening out to Carbis Bay (pictured) from St Ives. Trying to burn off the pasties and scones I've consumed in the last few days. I ran 5.2 miles. Check it out on #strava :
The view overlooking the harbour in St Ives from our apartment this morning. It looks like its going to be a beautiful day.
How are you Nathan? How's the new job? It is a great view. When the tides in it feels like you're on a boat!
I installed Ubuntu 12.10 on my under used desktop PC a couple of weeks ago. So far I'm impressed. It's quick and does everything I need in. Upgrading to the beta of Ubuntu 13.04 so I can check out the new features.
This incredible little guy makes some amazing basketball trick shots. A must see!
The view over Okehampton from the edge of Dartmoor on my trail run this evening. Not entirely sure on the distance as Strava crashed half way, but probably around 5 miles with a monstrous climb.
For the first time ever I bleed the rear disc brake on my mountain bike yesterday afternoon instead of taking it to my local bike shop. After a quick 7 miles around Abbeyford Woods I'm pleased to report it's in fine working order. I'm awarding myself 10 man points for my efforts.
It is huge! It even makes my Galaxy Nexus look small. And its super smooth and the camera is awesome. If it was mine I'd root it and take some of the Sony bloatware off, but apart from that it's a very lovely phone.
I've been modelling the house we're buying using Google Sketchup. Such a great, easy to use piece of software. Modelling our existing furniture and putting it in the new place so we can workout where things should go!
I ran 7.3 miles across Dartmoor this morning. First trail run since the Rock Solid Race. Going to start pushing up the distance for Tough Mudder in September #strava :
Installed the Java runtime environment on the Raspberry Pi and got Open Remote controller running. This home automation is easy. Now all I need is the home to put it all in!
Got Raspbian setup on the Raspberry Pi I acquired from + Daniel Giles today. Plan is to use it as the centre of a home automation setup in our new house.
Panorama of Exeter Cathedral taken yesterday
I just discovered the Explore Similar Artists feature on Google Play. Amazing!
Free online courses taught by the worlds top universities. + Ian Yates you should check out the 'Control of Mobile Robots' course for our project
Every child in every school should have the opportunity to learn to code. The UK needs to take a serious look at how IT is taught.
Googles new Chromebook Pixel looks like a great piece of hardware, but is there really a market for high end Chromebooks?
