Since yesterday all the fans of Sony Xperia Z1, Sony SmartWatch 2 and Sony Xperia Z Ultra in the US were happy to get the news that the devices are officially launched in the country. Read more at
Lenovo has just presented a new addition to its Miix series tablets, the affordable device Miix 8. As its name hints, the slate comes with 8-inches IPS display with a resolution of 1280x800p. Read more at
KitKat’s hints about the Android’s latest update provoke the fans to act like assistants of Sherlock Holmes. Every tweet is considered as some kind of a clue or a part of the big jigsaw puzzle that might reveal what everyone is currently so hyper about. That is the release date of the Android 4.4 KitKat and Nexus 5. Read more at
The arrival of the first smartphone with curved display Samsung Galaxy Round marked the beginning of the era of the OLED screens. The future will show the benefits and the advantages of the new generation displays with unique capabilities and durability. Read more at
Google Nexus 5 is almost as rumored device as the HTC One Max. Fortunately in the beginning of the week the HTC One Max officially debuted in the mobile world which put the end of the rumors and speculations and put the beginning of the anticipation for its launching across the world. Read more at
According to new reports, Samsung is likely to make the magnetic wireless charging technology available for customers in 2014. Through magnetic resonance, a mobile device will be charged without the need to come into contact with anything else. Read more at
Since yesterday all the fans of Sony Xperia Z1, Sony SmartWatch 2 and Sony Xperia Z Ultra in the US were happy to get the news that the devices are officially launched in the country. Read more at
Rumors for the upcoming Amazon phone are lingering in the mobile world for some time now. The speculations on this topic are so many and so different that it is getting harder to separate the believable concepts from the fantasy. Read more at
Are you ready to see in real the new generation tablets by Apple? Ready or not, they are coming on the exact date of 22nd of October, or at least this is what the whole mobile world is expecting to see. Read more at
Samsung has recently begun a policy for locking its Android devices to work only in the regions where they are bought from. Read more at
When Motorola Moto X was announced for first time, the CEO of the company Dennis Woodside revealed that a cheaper version of the phone will be released in the future. Read more at
Google has announced that it will update the Google Search app for iOS real soon. The new version of the app is promising to bring some major improvements in its functionality, features and possibilities. Read more at
Each update of Google Glass is truly exciting, at least for those developers who already own the innovative unit. Read more at
Nokia Lumia 1520 is an object of rumors and leaks, and of what we can see, the upcoming device is not too shy to hide from the camera. Read more at
When Google cut the price of Nexus 4 with the great amount of $100 there were some speculations why the company is rushing to sell the device. Read more at
In the ocean of interesting apps, one of the most popular is Bump. This is the application that became hit since its launching. Read more at
Well, it seems that the people in New Zealand are much more different than the rest of us since according to general manager Paul Muckleston, Windows Phone has gone from owning 2% of the smartphone market in the country two years ago, to now almost 15%. Read more at
Now we have a really exciting news that started from a tweet from Samsung Nigeria, which reports exciting that BBM for Android will be launched on Friday. Read more at
There have been a lot of rumors around the new Nexus 5 today and they do not seem to be stopping yet. Read more at
As you can imagine there are a lot of people that are expecting excitedly the new Samsung Galaxy Note 3 phablet device. Read more at
For the last month or so we have been teased by a variety of leaks that the BBM app is right around the corner. Read more at
Have you seen leaks with HTC One Max? There is hardly anyone in the mobile world that has not seen or heard rumors and predictions about the upcoming large-sized smartphone. Read more at
Nokia has released some very impressive high-end smartphones and we know its plans to introduce some innovative large-sized devices. Read more at
Samsung Galaxy Note 3 DUOS has recently made an appearance at AnTuTu scoring the brilliant 31276 points at the benchmark tests. Read more at
The next generation Amazon Kindle Fire tablet is getting ready to arrive real soon. At least this is the impression we get from the newest render shots that appeared on the internet through the famous @evleaks. Read more at
The revealing of Samsung Galaxy Gear was one of the most exciting and anticipating events in the mobile world for the year. Read more at
The refreshments and the improvements of the current smartphones are always welcome, even if the new that the manufacturer adds up is just a different color version. Read more at
Samsung Galaxy Note 3 phablet and Samsung Galaxy Gear were introduced to the mobile world on 4th of September. Since then, there is very little that we don’t know about the devices, like the exact launch dates for each operator. Read more at
Last week we shared the announcement made by the subsidiary of AT&T company, Aio Wireless that it will be providing services on the whole territory of the States. Read more at
BlackBerry is not having the best time lately. However this does not mean that the company has given up and has nothing to offer for its customers. Read more at
Samsung Galaxy S4 for sure is the most successful device by Samsung so far. The Korean manufacturer released several different versions of the flagship and distributed it all over the world to satisfy the various needs of users. Read more at
The Sony Xperia Z1 aka Sony i1 Honami is stepping hard on the pedal of its marketing campaigh dubbed #bestofSony with teasing shots of the new Sony device that is supposed to come up on September 4th -5th as the difference may come from the different time zones. Read more at
The iPad mini 2 is going to be second generation 7.9-inch Apple tablet and it is rumored to soon be announced and now the aluminum shell of the rumored tablet has again leaked out again before its release. Read more at
LG Optimus L9 II seems to be very real and promising after the device was vaguely suggested by a spy a long time ago. Read more at
The new technology in the cameras of recent devices that has been developed, the Optical Image Stabilization (OIS), is a seemingly simple and yet turning out to be very popular among users and sellers. Read more at
The rumors around the upcoming handset from Sony are pouring like rain – steady and consistently. Read more at
A new exciting event is added to the calendar of important occasions happening in the mobile world. Just like Google and Apple, Samsung is arranging e special conference for developers. Read more at
BLU is company renown for its great abundance of modern smartphones with great performance and features offered at competitive prices. Read more at
Samsung Galaxy Tab 3 7 is a stylish small-sized tablet that runs on Android and offers you a great abundance of features at reasonable price. Read more at
