Video: Sony’s debuts first PlayStation 4 TV ad, ‘Perfect Day’: When Kevin Butler first showed up on TV screens around the world promoting the PlayStation brand, it was clear that Sony might be on to something. There’s no telling whether or not the company’s commercials sell systems, but they...
Nokia Lumia 1520 specs confirmed in new leak: We now know pretty much all the major details on Nokia’s first foray into phablets. @evleaks has posted a list of specifications for the “Nokia Bandit,” which is a codename for the upcoming Lumia 1520 smartphone that will be the largest touch-screen...
The Kardashian iPhone…: I have kind of had this infatuation with gold phones… In fact, after my good friend Pharrell got a solid gold BlackBerry I had to have one (even if it didn’t work properly) in 2006. Way back in October of last year, I found out about a company that was anodizing iPhones in...
Amazon sites suggest new Apple TV launch next week: Earlier reports suggested that Apple has a refreshed Apple TV set to be unveiled next week at its press conference, and now it seems almost certain that will be the case. No, it’s not the Apple-built HDTV that industry watchers have been waiting...
Grand Theft Auto V accounted for half of all game sales in September: Last month Rockstar set the gaming world — and lots of virtual police cars — on fire with the release of Grand Theft Auto V, the game that made $1 billion in a weekend. USA Today shared the NPD Group’s video game sales report...
Wii U sales see 200% increase after $50 price cut: Nintendo has been struggling to move the Wii U from store shelves into living rooms around the world since the day the console launched. Several huge publishers have all but abandoned the system, leaders in the game industry have discounted...
Insiders don’t see Windows 8.1 doing anything to help PC sales: Windows 8.1 marks the triumphant return of the Start button but according to a new report, it won’t do much at all to help reinvigorate the sputtering PC market. Microsoft finally let Windows 8.1 loose on the world earlier this week...
iPhone user hates iOS 7 so much that he’s suing Apple over it: Brighter colors and flat icons just aren’t for everybody. That said, it seems that iPhone user Mark Menacher hates them much more than anyone else. CNET reports that Menacher has actually filed a suit against Apple in small claims...
PS4, Xbox One game delays might make for a sparse holiday lineup: Console launches are infamous for the underwhelming launch games that come along with them. Developers just don’t have enough time to spend with the system to know its strengths and weaknesses before having to release their first...
Apple poised to attack new $4 billion market opportunity: Apple hasn’t yet begun to push the new iBeacon service it touched upon earlier this year, but that will soon change. According to market research firm ABI Research, Apple is poised to attack a new market opportunity that will grow to be...
iOS 7 may not be the smash hit Apple expected: There’s no doubt that a lot of Apple users have upgraded their smartphones and tablets to iOS 7 so far but there may be a sizable portion of the company’s user base holding out. MillennialMedia has noticed that adoption of iOS 7 seems to have lagged...
Why Google has blown past Microsoft as tech’s second most valuable firm: Microsoft CEO Steve Ballmer’s early critique of Android was that he didn’t understand how Google was going to make money from giving away software for other manufacturers to use. What he didn’t understand was that Google...
After 32 months at the top, Xbox 360 dethroned by PlayStation 3: There has been a changing of the guard in the U.S. video game console market and for Microsoft, it couldn’t have come at a worse time. With the next console generation right around the corner and several analysts predicting Sony’s...
HTC’s new PR boss quits after just four months on the job: Pretty much nothing is going well for HTC these days and now the company is starting to lose key executives after they’ve been on the job for less than six months. Bloomberg reports that Lorain Wong, who joined HTC this past June as its...
Motorola is still a huge drag on Google: In light of Google’s big earnings beat on Thursday night, sending the stock surging past $1,000 to an all-time high, there was one major drag: Motorola. Kicking off the earnings call, CEO Larry Page hyped up the Moto X, which Google unveiled earlier last...
Ransomware demands $300 in Bitcoins to release your data: If you’ve never encountered ransomware, consider yourself lucky. Ransomware is malware that completely locks down your computer and threatens to corrupt or destroy your files unless you pay a fine. In the past, there have been relatively...
Google becoming the new Apple of Wall Street’s eyes: With Google delivering better than expected earnings this week, it’s now time for tech market analysts to dish out more sky-high price targets for the company. Per Benzinga, the most bullish rating so far comes from Topeka Capital, which in...
A month with the iPhone 5s: Apple’s iPhone 5s represents the biggest “S” upgrade an iPhone has ever seen. The guts of the phone have been completely overhauled, just as BGR exclusively reported they would be back in May. Beyond the internals, Apple’s new Touch ID fingerprint scanner also makes...
Google shares surge past $1,000 in Friday trading: Google’s better-than-expected earnings report has sent the company’s shares surging past the $1,000 barrier for the first time in its history during trading on Friday. Developing…
Apple: We cannot and will not read your iMessages: After it came to light earlier this year that the NSA keeps people on a much shorter digital leash than most suspected, issues such as security and privacy shot to the forefront of online media once again. Keeping your online activity private is...
When it comes to generating ad dollars, YouTube may be past its prime: Although Google turned in a very strong earnings performance last quarter, one of the few troublesome spots was the continued decline in the company’s cost-per-click rate that it charges to advertisers. One of the reasons for...
Yet another Google blunder reveals insanely low Nexus 5 price: Google was the first to reveal the new look of the Nexus 5 when it accidentally included a shot of the phone in its Android 4.4 KitKat promotional video, and now yet another blunder has outted the handset’s price. Google on Thursday...
Google’s Kurzweil details his intricate plan for cheating death: As we’ve noted before, Google engineering director Ray Kurzweil devotes a lot of his life to prolonging death. Kurzweil, the brilliant 65-year-old inventor and futurist, is dead-set on living long enough to be immortal, although...
Samsung sales surpass Apple in quarter before iPhone 5s, 5c release: There might be more phones running Android than any other operating system, but it’s not often that a single Android smartphone manufacturer manages to jump Apple in quarterly sales. CNN shared a report from Consumer...
Twitter reportedly pondering a WhatsApp-style direct messaging app: Could Twitter soon go head-to-head with WhatsApp, Kik and other big mobile messaging services? Unnamed sources tell AllThingsD that Twitter has been working on “plans to significantly update its direct-messaging product in the...
Netflix original shows may soon have bloopers, deleted scenes and more: Netflix has produced a family of original shows that have had varying degrees of success, from the critical panning of Hemlock Grove to the Emmy win of House of Cards, but once you’re done binge-watching a series on Netflix,...
Apple, Samsung dominate J.D. Power’s smartphone satisfaction poll: Apple and Samsung don’t only have the most profitable smartphone businesses — they also have the most satisfied customers. The latest survey of American consumers from J.D. Power shows that iPhone users are the most satisfied...
iPhone 5c sales stumble on Verizon, iPhone 5s still hard to find: Apple’s iPhone 5c problems might be more international than reports originally indicated. Reuters spoke with Verizon CFO Fran Shammo who admitted that although iPhone 5s demand was high enough to nearly deplete Verizon’s stock,...
Video: Nokia’s smartwatch may sport modular design, multiple displays: Although there were already rumors that Nokia had a smartwatch of its own in the works, a patent filing and a subsequent video demonstration have unveiled Nokia’s work-in-progress wrist tech in full. The patent for a...
Google beats expectations, posts $10.74 EPS on revenue of $14.9 billion in Q3: Google on Thursday slightly beat Wall Street expectations by reporting earnings per share of $10.74 on revenue of $14.9 billion, thus besting the consensus forecast of $10.34 EPS on revenue of $14.8 billion. Developing…
AT&T prepping $5-per-day pass for data on tablets: AT&T is making a play to offer data on its tablets without forcing users to subscribe to a data plan. AllThingsD reports that AT&T announced a $5-per-day cellular data pass for tablets at GigaOm’s Mobilize conference on Thursday. Wi-Fi only...
Apple’s Retina iPad mini could be next to impossible to find at launch: The biggest “Will they or won’t they?” question for Apple fans heading into the holiday season will be whether the company will at long last release a new version of the iPad mini tablet with a Retina display. Generally we’ve...
Current and former Apple employees dish on what it’s like to work there: Love them or hate them, the people at Apple have found a way to make their products culturally relevant, extremely profitable and apparently worth waiting in long lines for. Each year a new iteration on an old product gets...
A beginner’s guide to cord cutting: If you’re like a lot of people, then you may be less-than-happy with your cable TV provider. The good news is that you can now watch a lot of your favorite televisions shows without subscribing to a monthly pay TV package. Yes, we’re talking about cord cutting,...
How big is Samsung?: It’s not just Samsung’s phablets that are gigantic… Samsung announced earlier this week that it has broken ground on the new research and development facility it is building in Mountain View, California. Set to be completed by the end of next year, the new Silicon Valley...
Sony's PlayStation 4 doesn't launch until next month -- but here's how to play with the PS4 right now!: It has been seven years since Sony released the PlayStation 3, and this week you can finally get your hands on its successor. Sony has set up demo kiosks all around the U.S. so that gamers can...
iOS 7 takes another beating -- design expert says iOS 7 is riddled with huge mistakes: We have covered Apple’s new iOS 7 software extensively here on BGR, and we’re clearly fans of Apple’s mobile overhaul. iOS 7 is more about renovation than innovation, but Apple did an impressive job of...
Samsung insider claims peculiar Galaxy Round is just a prototype: Do you think the Galaxy Round is a pointless gimmick that Samsung released just so it could say that it was the first-ever company to release a curved smartphone? If so then it seems that Samsung agrees with you to an extent. An...
Q3 iPhone activations flat at Verizon despite iPhone 5s, 5c launch: Verizon on Thursday reported impressive third-quarter results that topped Wall Street’s expectations. The communications giant earned more than $2.2 billion in profit on revenue that inched up to $30.3 billion, and it is now home...
The Start button's triumphant return: Windows 8.1 now available to download: It might not be the same Start button Windows users have grown to love over the years, but it’s back. Microsoft on Thursday released the update many Windows 8 users have been waiting for. While Windows 8.1 may look very...
Verizon’s Q3 EPS tops expectations at $0.77 on $30.3 billion in sales: Following solid earnings in the second quarter that narrowly topped the Street’s expectations, Verizon Communications on Thursday reported its third-quarter results ahead of the bell. Analysts polled by FactSet expected the...
