+ Paris Mosley It's NEWS. No one gets paid for doing it. Oh, and by the way, the biggest insult you can give a journalist is to insinuate that they're being fucking paid to say something.
+ Nathan Marciniak Yeah, normal people shouldn't try that at home. That is YEARS of practice handling very sharp knives. I should have clarified that the blade edge does not emerge intact. The blade itself does, and then the only thing left is to sharpen the edge. Basically they have a mold, they squeeze in the metal, pop it out, sharpen and attach a handle. No finishing is necessary on the blade, no heat treatment, etc.
+ Noe Vielma Looks like the Samsung brand are $40! I hadn't even checked that before. Thanks for asking!
Yes, these both of the chargers I showed should work because Nexus supports Qi.
Any Sony, or mirrorless camera fans out there? + Sony has updated their mirrorless lineup with some new cameras. Here's all the details:
Monty Python fans rejoice! Now you can show off your love of the originators of the Flying Circus with a custom T-shirt, bag or poster thanks to this Kickstarter project!
Oh, and it doesn't sound as good when I LMWAO.
The greedy generation before mine forgot about this completely.
Today's VLOG! AND... a complete look at the VMatter Indigogo campaign amorphous alloy knives!
How to Send + Square Cash Payments - A Step By Step Tutorial Ok gang, I put together this little guide based on everything we know after sending some money using the Cash system. Check it out if you want to see every step in the process!
The new + Square CASH Payment System - in ACTION! + Cali Lewis and I have been sending each other money all day using Square's new Cash system. It's pretty awesome. And here's a real time video of Square Cash IN ACTION to show you how it works. And here's the step by step guide to using Square Cash: What do ya think? You going to use it? I know we are...
I can't LIVE without my wireless chargers!! I've been using some solutions from Promote and Tylt. Check it out! And yes, + Cali Lewis is jealous of me because her phone isn't Qi enabled, hehe!
Any Sony, or mirrorless camera fans out there? + Sony has updated their mirrorless lineup with some new cameras. Here's all the details:
If you're a customer of US Cellular, T-Mobile or AT&T, take note…
Why should you work out? WHY SHOULD YOU WORK OUT? Because if you don't, you'll definitely never witness this in your life.
Are curved phones a good thing or COMPLETELY useless? Watch this video and chime in below!
Did you know Thursday + GLAAD is organizing #spiritday because people who are gay need help to be safe from bullying ? It seems we live at a crossroads in time where some people still think it's ok to pick on others because of their sexual orientation (who gives a damn if its a choice, or not). The funniest thing is that 99% of the people I know who hassle the LGBT community are Christians. Picking on people because of who they love! Which I find damned hypocritical. Let me explain. The 7th of the Ten Commandments is, "Thou shalt not commit adultery." Jesus himself personally, clearly, and unequivocally stated that if you DIVORCE your spouse, each of you becomes an adulterer (see: ). Meaning ALL divorced Christians are violating one of only TEN commandments. Additionally, Christians have the highest divorce rates (see: ). So I end up hearing many people who are breaking one of the big time commandments throwing stones at people who aren't breaking ANY commandment, and claiming the moral high ground. Inconceivable! (To borrow a line from The Princess Bride.) If there is anything I can't stand, its a hypocrite . So the next time you hear someone picking on others, for any reason, how about standing up and pointing out that we ALL suck in different ways - which is why none of us is good enough to tell anyone else how to live their lives. Peace out. #SpiritDay #BeGayIfYouWant #BulliesCanSuckIt PS - Digital Underground says DoWatchaLike:
Oh, Cheesus Christ! Everyone needs to get one of these!
Well as we all know + John Pozadzides posted that animated gif of + Cali Lewis spinning in circles. Used an app on my vibrant and converted it to a boot animation. Check out the clip.
In case you didn't hear yet, + Sonos has released a new Play 1 wireless speaker. These little babies are controlled by the same Sonos controller that takes care of all the rest of the speakers in your house and they are portable and can be moved around anywhere. As an alternative, you can also set them up permanently somewhere, for example to be used as surround speakers. We'll let you know how they sound once we have an opportunity to review them.
Cali Lewis and John P. will be in London giving the Keynote speech at the Future of Web Apps (FOWA) conference ( ), and we want to meet all of you from across the pond! Join us for a fun get together to meet fellow geeks from Geek Beat and from FOWA, hang out and chat. Date: Friday 25th October Time: 6pm - 8pm Area: Conservatory which is a quieter part of the pub, away from the main bar area. Tube: Closest tube stop is Moorgate Station (1 minute walk) Please RSVP ONLY if you'll be able to come so we can give the venue an accurate count. Food and drinks will be at your own cost. Rack and Tenter 45 Moorefields, Tenter House Tenter Square, Moorgate EC2Y 9AE Social Media:@rackandtenter/ facebook.com/rackandtenter
Thanks for the tip Simon! And can't wait to meet you when we get there!
Anyone in LONDON - Help! Can any of my friends in London please confirm for me if this police call box still exists off Earl's Court rd. by the Earl's Court underground station? Actually, if there are ANY other confirmed Tardis... er uh, blue police boxes, anywhere in London and you could share a map location with me it would be fantastic! Thanks in advance for any assistance.
+ Jez Fairclough According to that site, the only REAL Tardis style box left anywhere is near the Crich Tramway Museum: I'm not sure I can spare a 6 hour round trip from London to see it, though I really would love to!!!
FYI - RIGHT NOW both + Cali Lewis and I are in the LIVE CHAT room at in case anyone wants to pop in and say hi or whatever. If you're into IRC you can also join that way: IRC Server: irc.geekbeat.tv Join room #geekbeat
Here's a little story about the Mermaid and the Statue .
New York's Central Park, from the air.
*Movie in the Park! * We're giving the Elite Screens Yard Master 120" screen and Samson Expedition Express bluetooth PA speakers a real world test at a meetup in Dallas outdoors at a park. They are both absolutely amazing! Well worth much more money than they cost! We shot a full review and we'll be putting it out soon. Keep an eye out for it!
Oh, come now! Someone can figure out that movie from the screen shot!
Thank you for that.
A TARDIS in your kitchen! Who wouldn't want a fridge that's bigger on the inside? #doctorwho
OFFICE PRANK OF THE YEAR! If you work in an office, I beg of you - for the love of God - please print this and hang it by your copier!!!
+ Karl Hungus i hung it right beside our brother unit!
Big news for mobile phone users who travel - T-Mobile is going to start offering free worldwide roaming. #tmobile #travel #roaming
The + HP Z1 Workstation is the World's Greatest Computer If you are a PC person and you own anything other than an HP Z1 Workstation - take it to the dump immediately , then get one of these! Its the single greatest PC ever made by mankind. Or even by aliens.
This watch claims to know when you'll die. And it gives you a countdown. Every moment of the day. #watches #death
+ James Miller I actually really liked that movie!
If you have a kid, and you don't do this for halloween - you are missing the point of being a parent!
+ Mark Bolden hahah I'd pay money to see that!
Come on now. Why would you send me this???
+ Benjamin Roethig A) I'd rather have cancer anywhere OTHER than there. B) See A.
A special little preview of what's to come for Saturday night's meetup in the park! We went ahead and staged the new Elite Screens 120" Yard Master projection screen in the studio. And beside it you'll spot a pair of Samson Expedition Express portable PA speakers. We'll be projecting a movie onto that screen and listening with those speakers as a test for BOTH of these products, which I can already tell you are really, really cool on their own! And of course everyone that comes out can play with them all they like. Here's the event Saturday night. Hope you can join us! The park is about 1 block from the Livid Lobster studios. https://plus.google.com/events/cnpo0fc52onpk54vjp4hsi8obmc
I absolutely LOVE the iOgrapher - and not just for turning my iPad into a better video camera. #ipad #video
+ K.B. Burnfield I didn't know they had that! I'll have to give it a try. Thanks for the tip!
+ Stephen J Dow The iOgrapher is fitted exactly to the iPad mini (and soon the iPad). It provides for an extremely tight and secure fit. Like, there is no way your iPad is falling out of this thing! So, although the concept could be ported to any brand of tablet, each one would require specific tooling in order to make the part. We addressed that in the video with Dave B. and he's open to doing it for other devices, but there have to be a critical number of units ordered to make it worthwhile of course.
Hey for you guys who think it looks funny to have an iPad all decked out like this - you're right! But this presents a way to do videography on the cheap with a device you already have. If you have an iPad you can get a $15 lens, a $30 LED light, and a $20 app and have a full blown video rig. I'd also recommend a small shotgun mic. And if you use an app like Vizzywig it allows you to actually switch LIVE between many different iPads all set up everywhere. So this is something you can't even do with $10,000 cameras! The disadvantage of looking silly is far outweighed by the benefits of using a smart device and being able to shoot, edit and upload from anywhere - then go back to using it as a tablet when you're done. ;-)
+ Erkki Juurus Well, you're in luck since the full sized version is due in the next few weeks! Yes, that is a 37mm threaded lens mount on all of those units. I've got a $13 wide angle lens on there. You can get it on Amazon here: The Rode Videomic is connected into the headphone jack. The cable is just long enough to reach from any of the three cold shoe positions. You can't currently adjust audio settings in Vizzywig, but Michael told me that he's going to try and fix it so that we can see audio monitors and adjust audio volume. To my knowledge no iOS camcorder app can adjust audio. Another thing I asked for was the ability to monitor audio using a headphone while adjusting incoming levels. This could potentially be accomplished using a Y splitter, which I have. It just doesn't work yet. They are going to have to try and see if they can do that with the software.
