Sony Mirrorless Full Frame- The Future or Photography? I love gadgets. So it's no surprise that I make it pretty clear what I'm using, and occasionally, what I find intriguing. About a year and a half ago I bought my first modern digital Interchangeable lens camera and as I detailed here, I chose the Sony NEX system. Sony is a company that has shown a willingness to push the boundaries. Here are some examples: Release of the NEX (First mirrorless APS-C system), RX-1 (First Full Frame fixed lens Mirrorless camera), Focus peaking system, and the Alpha SLT system. They make the sensors used in Nikon's flagship Full frame cameras and the sensor used in the iPhone 5 and 5s. So, with the release and subsequent success of the RX-1 it isn't that much of a surprise that Sony is only a few days from releasing an interchangeable lens Full Frame Mirrorless system. It will use the same lens mount as the NEX system and the first 2 models will carry a center-mounted Electronic Viewfinder. Digicame-info.com posted a couple photos which have been confirmed by Andrea at Sony Alpha Rumors. To my eyes, the camera looks like a hybrid. The body and top controls are like an RX-1, the grip and mount are from the NEX bodies, and the hump on top of the body for the EVF that looks like an old school pentraprism box. There have been quite a few exceptional photographers that have moved to mirrorless systems as their primary kit over the past couple years. Trey Ratcliff recently started using the NEX 7 for his epic landscapes. Zack Arias is a hardcore Fuji X series user. TED photographer Duncan Davidson has been using the RX-1 as his main camera for day-to-day use. Aaron Courter, who is an exceptional Portland based photographer and a long time friend has been incorporating the Fuji X cameras into his personal work, wedding and portrait business with great success. I'm in love with the Sony NEX. I never even considered a DSLR camera because of the size, the weight and what I perceived to be its imminent demise. Up until now, you couldn't really get the same image quality and crazy shallow depth of field from a mirrorless camera, but I think the A7 and A7r will be the start of a large scale move away from large DSLR bodies for most photographers. Sure, there are some times when the larger camera really makes sense. The Mirrored design still allows for faster focusing in sports contexts and there is certainly an expectation in event photography that will take awhile to pass. In addition, the larger bodies do have many features still missing from the new breed of mirrorless cameras and certainly handle big glass much better. This is a moment. It feels like the rise of ultra portable notebooks such as the Macbook Air which have almost negated the need for more powerful desktops for all but the most demanding of users. I believe we are witnessing the birth of the future of photography.
The crowd at #devfestsemarang is already fillin' up the spot! Shout if you are here! #devfestindonesia #devfestSEArocks #gdg #devfest
Lets rock on #devfestindonesia #devfestsemarang . + Putranto Adhi Nugroho open the event!
Android-Recovery.net offers easy-to-use recovery software to help Android Users recover data and photos from Android devices and Samsung phones.
Calling all DLSU-D Students to join this year's Google Crazy Photo Contest!
New Sony wireless tech to cut charge time in half, coming in 2014
You've heard of N*SYNC, NKOTB--maybe even 1D. But have you heard of BYOD? #DellDefinitions
Microsoft confirms it’s working on books, and other key bits from its Windows 8.1 Reddit AMA -
Want to share your location with me on Google+? Turn it on here: https://plus.google.com/settings/plus#location
Friday tip: If you spend nights in front of a computer screen, F.lux is the best thing you’ll ever come across
XiaoMi phone catches on fire and explodes, injuring owner - We could tell you that Chinese manufacturer XiaoMi is on fire; the company recently sold out 100,000 Mi-3 handsets in the space of 86 seconds. But when we say that XiaoMi is on fire, we mean it literally. Someone in China took the time to pass along the story about a colleague whose XiaoMi Mi2S (aka XiaoMi Phone 2S) caught on fire inside her purse. The owner suffered a burned finger while the handset melted int...
Everything you need to know before your next run to a warehouse or club store:
How have you helped moonshot projects in your community? We think #MoonshotLovers play a vital role in turning the idea of the #MoonshotHacker into a reality. Whether it's as an early adopter, an investor or by simply spreading the word about a great project, how have you contributed to change? Image :
Conflict has persisted in all times and places. Today, we see that connectivity is changing how it manifests, for good and ill. On Monday, October 21, at the “Conflict in a Connected World” summit, Google’s Executive Chairman, Eric Schmidt, will participate in a live Hangout where he will explore the nexus between technology and conflict. The summit is being hosted by Google Ideas, in partnership with the Council on Foreign Relations and the Gen Next Foundation.
Do you think you are CEO potential? This infographic will help answer that: #ceo #infographic #business #leadership
Take a look at + Nokia 's bizarre take on a smartwatch that could actually be its smartwatch of the future: #nokia #smartwatch #wearabletechnology
"High-fat, high-sugar foods are stimulating the brains in the same way as drugs of abuse and can be considered as a potentially addictive substance."
ARM and eyeSight optimize gesture control for mobile processors
12 Things You Wish You’d Known Before Taking the Job [INFOGRAPHIC]
Today's a big day for Linux lovers too! Ubuntu 13.10 "Saucy Salamander" launched today, with a number of new features. Here's what's new:
Ubuntu 13.10 mobile version reaches stable status, currently lacks quite a few features and apps: Post by: + Andrew Grush
