Sony Xperia C Officially Launched In India Sony had announced Xperia C back in June and few days a go was on pre-order at Flipkart and Saholic.com.Now t he Xperia C has been officially launched in the country by Sony. The Sony Xperia C has been priced at Rs.21,490. To remind your here are the k...
Google's Upcoming Nexus 5 Spotted on Google Play The upcoming Nexus 4 successor has been spotted in Google Play US store earlier today. Google Nexus 5 will be priced starting $349 (16GB version). This leak confirms that Nexus 5 will indeed to be coming with a new launcher. Among other changes, SMS integ...
Hugh Jackman Is the Micromax's New Brand Ambassador Micromax is likely to launch its next flagship model , Canvas Turbo in India . Now Micromax has given a small glimpse at the device while unveiling Hollywood star Hugh Jackman as its new brand ambassador. Here are the key features of Canvas Turbo :- 1080p ...
Samsung Galaxy Trend and Galaxy Star Pro Officially Launched In India Samsung Star Pro & Trend has finally official in India. Which has been available for over a fortnight in the country. According to a press release issued by the company, Samsung Galaxy Trend has been priced at Rs. 8,290, while Galaxy Star Pro has got a pric...
Sony Xperia C Officially Launched In India Sony had announced Xperia C back in June and few days a go was on pre-order at Flipkart and Saholic.com.Now t he Xperia C has been officially launched in the country by Sony. The Sony Xperia C has been priced at Rs.21,490. To remind your here are the k...
Panasonic Has launched T31 Budget Smartphone In India Panasonic has now launched its fifth device in India called the T31. This budget Android smartphone has been priced at Rs 7,990 and will be available at stores later this month. Here are the Panasonic T31 key specifications :- Android 4.2.2 1.3 GHz dual-cor...
Apple Officially Announced The Pricing Of iPhone 5S and IPhone 5C For India Finally Apple today officially announced prices for the iPhone 5S and iPhone 5C in India. But Apple iPhone 5S and iPhone 5C will be officially launched on Nov.1 in India . Below are the officially pricing of iPhone 5S and 5C :- Apple iPhone 5S ( 16 GB ) :...
Nokia Lumia 920 For Rs.19,999 !! Nokia's flagship model Lumia 920 which was retailing for about Rs.28,000 - Rs. 30,000 is now surprisingly available for Rs.19,999 . Yes !! you read it right, online retail giant Flipkart is now selling Lumia 920 for Rs. 19,999. We dont know weather this ...
BBM For Android Coming Soon In an interview that BlackBerry’s marketing chief told that BB will be releasing BBM for Android application “within days,” after the proposed roll-out was suspended earlier . Few day ago Blackberry was going to launch BBM for Android , but a beta version o...
Concept Phone of The Week : Micromax Canvas Crystal 5.2 inch Full HD smartphone, so we’re more in phablet turf than handset. This phone packs a 1.7 GHz octa core processor and the PowerVR Series 5XT graphics. There’s also 2 GB of RAM on board, 16/32 GB of storage and a microSD card slot. Micromax Canvas Cr...
Lava Launched New E-Tab Ivory Tablet With Voice Calling Feature Lava has launched a new tablet in this festive season. Dubbed as E-Tab Ivory, this 7-inch tablet with voice calling abilities is priced at Rs 10,199 and is available across the country. Key Features of Lava E-Tab Ivory Tablet :- 7-inch (1024×600 pixels) An...
Nokia's First Windows Tablet Leaked In Cyan Colour As we reported earlier , Nokia is all set to launch is very first 10.1-inch tablet Sirius running Windows RT. Now, +@evleaks has posted the photo of this upcoming Nokia tablet in cyan . The Sirius Tablet will follow Nokia's Lumia portfolio featuring var...
LG Officially Announces Optimus G Pro Lite With Stylus Support LG has announced the G Pro Lite, cheaper model of G2 Pro . The company has announced that the new LG G Pro Lite will debut in Latin America this month, followed by markets in Asia, Russia, China, India and the Middle East. However, the pricing of the new ...
Apple to Officially Launch iPhone 5S and 5C On November 1 in India Apple has announced that it would be officially launching the iPhone 5S and the iPhone 5C on November 1 in India. Other countries like Albania, Armenia, Bahrain, Colombia, El Salvador, Guam, Guatemala, Macedonia, Malaysia, Mexico, Moldova, Montenegro, Sau...
Apple to Officially Launch iPhone 5S and 5C On November 1 in India Apple has announced that it would be officially launching the iPhone 5S and the iPhone 5C on November 1 in India. Other countries like Albania, Armenia, Bahrain, Colombia, El Salvador, Guam, Guatemala, Macedonia, Malaysia, Mexico, Moldova, Montenegro, Sau...
Apple to Officially Launch iPhone 5S and 5C On November 1 in India Apple has announced that it would be officially launching the iPhone 5S and the iPhone 5C on November 1 in India. Other countries like Albania, Armenia, Bahrain, Colombia, El Salvador, Guam, Guatemala, Macedonia, Malaysia, Mexico, Moldova, Montenegro, Sau...
Nokia To Launch Lumia 1320 " Batman " As we reported earlier, Nokia is planning to launch six new devices on October 22 . This is not the end, now The Verge is reporting that Nokia might soon launch a new device codenamed ‘Batman’. @evleaks states that the Batman could be the Lumia 1320, a low-...
Concept Phone of The Week : Micromax Canvas Crystal 5.2 inch Full HD smartphone, so we’re more in phablet turf than handset. This phone packs a 1.7 GHz octa core processor and the PowerVR Series 5XT graphics. There’s also 2 GB of RAM on board, 16/32 GB of storage and a microSD card slot. Micromax Canvas Cr...
Samsung Officially Launched Galaxy Round, Worlds First Smartphone with Curve Display Samsung’s has launched worls's first smartphone with a curved display. Samsung has surprised everyone by announcing the device in its hometown, Korea. In terms of the design, the device looks like a Galaxy Note 3, here are the key features of Galaxy Round :...
Nokia Is Also Working On A Smartwatch As Nokia is all set to launch some new Lumia devices toward the end of October at the Nokia World conference in Abu Dhabi and a new Windows RT tablet as well. As per a new report from the Far East suggests that Nokia is also working on a smartwatch, which ...
Nokia Lumia 1520 press images leaked Nokia is expected to launch its first phablet Lumia 1520 on October 22 . Now Popular leakster @evleaks has added to that list by revealing the first ever press photo of the phablet. The Lumia 1520 will sport a massive 6-inch display .In addition, Lumia...
Concept Phone Of The Week : Microsoft Lumia 4.3 Smartphone Few days a ago Microsoft bought Nokia and now we get to see the first Microsoft Lumia phone. This concept device, made by Deviantart are shown below. The Lumia 4.3 is runs on Qualcomm Snapdragon 800 chipset, 2 GB DDR3-RAM, 4.3 inches LED-backlit IPS display...
Micromax Announces Funbook Mini P410 Tablet In India Micromax has released another Android tablet in the Indian market. Dubbed as Funbook Mini P410, this dual-SIM Android tablet can be grabbed from online retailer Infibeam for Rs. 8,820. Here are Micromax Funbook Mini P410 key specifications : 7-inch (1024 x ...
Sony Xperia C Up For Pre-Order In India For Rs.20,490 Sony announced Xperia C back in June and is now likely to be launch in India very soon. The phone is currently on pre-order at Flipkart and Saholic.com for Rs.20,490 with expected availability of next week. Sony Xperia C key specifications: 5-inch display ...
Vertu Announces Premium Smartphone, Constellation For About Rs.4,09,931 After announcing Vertu Ti back in may, the premium smartphone marker company Vertu has announced yet another premium android smartphone called Constellation. The Vertu Constellation comes with a massive price tag of €4,900 ( approx. Rs. 4,09,931 ), the ...
HTC One Mini With Ultra-Pixel Camera Now Available In India HTC One Mini was listed on the company’s official India website as a coming soon product. But now online retailer Flipkart has already started selling the One Mini in India for Rs.37,299. HTC One mini, the smaller version of HTC One . One mini com...
Nokia Could Announce Lumia 525 "Glee" at Oct.22 Event Nokia is said to working on multiple Windows Phone 8 devices to announce on October 22. However, we sitll not know which Nokia Lumia devices will be announced at October 22 event. @evleaks has reported that Nokia Glee will launched as the Nokia Lumia 525 o...
Samsung Galaxy Star Pro Now Available In India Samsung has launched new smartphone in its new entry-level segment, the Samsung Galaxy Star Pro. T he phone is now available for a MRP of Rs.7,550. Samsung has imported over a lakh units of the phone in last one and a half week, the company is clearly hopi...
Upcoming Google Nexus 5 Images & Specs Leaked MacRumors forums has posted a photo of the LG Nexus 5 . As per the member who posted this photo, Nexus 5 is smaller than the recently-launched G2 and like it has very slim bezels. Its display, he noted, is not great. As this may be the prototype the origina...
LG G2 Officially Launched In India Starting At Rs. Rs 41,500 LG G2 was announced at August 7 and is now available in India . LG G2 has been priced at Rs 41,500 for the 16GB model and Rs 44,500 for the 32GB variant. LG G2 comes with lots of improvements as well as upgrades to compete with other high-end models in...
HTC One X Gets Android 4.2 and Sense 5.0 Update In India HTC India has started rolling out Android 4.2 and Sense 5.0 update for One X in the country. HTC One X owners will get an automatic notif...
Concept Phone Of The Week : Micromax Canvas 5 With Android 4.4 Kitkat Suman Chatterjee has designed this Micromax Canvas 5, which runs on the latest version of Android i.e Android 4.4 Kitkat that you can che...
Gionee Elife E6 Now Available in India For Rs.22,165 Gionee has confirmed that the company would launch its Elife E6 on October 3 at an press event in Delhi. Surprisingly, the e-retailer S...
Nokia Asha 502 Images Leaked The @evleaks has now leaked the photo of upcoming Nokia Asha 502. The phone looks similar to the presently available Nokia Asha 501 . Fo...
Lenovo Launched Four New Entry-Level Smartphones in India Lenovo has launched four new entry-level smartphone's in the market. This smartphones are in the range of Rs 5,000 to Rs 16,000 range. Be...
Nokia Officially Launched Lumia 1020 with 41 MP Camera In India Back in July, Nokia had officially announced Lumia 1020 , now Nokia has launched the Lumia 1020 in India. Nokia has not officially anno...
OS Challenges for Data Management Demand for big data delivered at faster speeds , driven by applications such as smartphones and analytics, is fueling an industry boom. V...
BlackBerry Z10 Got A Massive Price Cut Of Rs.11,000 Back in February BlackBerry launched its first Smartphone running BB 10 OS , the Blackberry Z10 . Blackberry has launched this flagship p...
Apple Launched New Refreshed iMac Range In India After launching Apple iPhone 5S & iPhone 5C and selling more than 9 million iPhones were sold in three days of launch. Now Apple has surp...
Panasonic Launches Three New Android Smartphones In India Panasonic has launched three new low-cost Android smartphone is India. The P11, T11 T21 are the new offerings from Panasonic which have b...
