Sony's new Alpha 7 range of mirrorless interchangeable lens cameras is the world’s smallest, lightest, interchangeable lens camera with a full-frame sensor. Read more at #Sony #camera #mirrorlesscamera
Sony's new Alpha 7 range of mirrorless interchangeable lens cameras is the world’s smallest, lightest, interchangeable lens camera with a full-frame sensor. Read more at #Sony #camera #mirrorlesscamera
A review of the a-Jays Four earphones. Read at
Well, the strong rumours turned out to be true. Read more about the new iPhone 5S and iPhone 5C at #apple #iphone5s #iphone5c #iphone
Olympus Australia today announced the upcoming release of the next flagship of its OM-D micro four-thirds camera range, the Olympus OM-D E-M1. Read more at #olympusomd #Olympus #camera #microfourthirds
Sony SRS-BTS50 To Go speakers are a colourful, splashproof and very portable way to play sound from computers, tablet computers and smartphones. Read more at #Sony #NFC #bluetoothspeaker
Who doesn't want to strap a phone to a balloon and film what happens? LG did with its new G2 smartphone, and here are the results. See what happened at #LG #lgg2 #smartphone #photography
The Marshall Stanmore will play sound from phones, computers, tablet computers, vinyl record players and TVs, wirelessly via Bluetooth where possible. Read more at #Marshall #speaker #bluetoothspeaker
HP has just shown the Envy Recline all-in-one computer at IFA in Berlin, with a uniquely-hinged touchscreen monitor allowing ergonomic and flexible use. Read more at #HP #computer #desktopcomputer
Panasonic’s new Viera 4K Ultra HD TV will be on sale in Australia in a few weeks, the first in the world to use the brand new HDMI 2.0 specifications. Read more at #Panasonic #LCD #hometheater #TV
The Nokia 515 is a hark back to Nokia's 'dumphone' glory days, albeit with a slim, modern design, and some modern photo and social media features. Read more at #Nokia #Nokia515
Grand Theft Auto V will be in stores in a few weeks. Now, the official trailer has been released. Watch it, and learn more about this major game release, at
Make yourself a unique iPhone 5 case with the Belkin Lego Builder Case. Read more at
Hey, Australia! This competition's for you. Enter at
TiVo Roamio: the best personal video recorder that we (in Australia) can't buy? Read more at #TiVo #DVR
Look at the pictures, have a guess at what the object is, and go to and see if you were right.
Harman Kardon's Soundsticks, designed by Apple's Jony Ive, have gone wireless. Read more at
Another EISA Award winner, the Bowers & Wilkins Panorama 2 Soundbar. Read more at
The Panasonic Lumix GH3 has just picked up an award at the prestigious EISA show. Read more about the camera at
The word is that Sony is about to release two products that will greatly improve photography on iPhones and Android phones. See what's developing at
Is it a gun? Is it a vibrator? No, it's a mouse. Read more about the Asus VivoMouse at #asus
FYI, Better Homes & Gardens is filming all weekend at Bunnings Oxenford. So if you want to see how the TV magic happens head along. Plus there's jumping castles, face painters, fairies, Shetland ponies, alpacas, and more.
Pictures taken on Fraser Island, Queensland, Australia, at the media launch of the Panasonic GX7 camera.
Google's launch of the Chromecast last night has caused a bit of excitement overnight. Find out what it is at
The STM Impulse Medium laptop bag will carry most 15 inch computers, and has plenty of pockets to carry, organise and protect your portable office. Read about it at
So, you're thinking of buying, or have bought, a Fitbit device to track the number of steps you take per day, and wonder how long it will last. I found out. You can too at
Yikes! Sitting them in rice for a few days didn't rescue them? Another IT journo that I know put his through a washing machine, and it survived in working order. Luck of the draw.
Jerry Seinfeld, comedians, beverages, and classic cars. Read about series 2 of Comedians In Cars Getting Coffee at
The link's in the story.Check out some episodes, well worth a look.
The UE Boom wireless speaker will pair with phones, tablets, and computers, and give you a big sound that goes wherever you go. Read more at
The HTC One brand is set to grow with the upcoming addition of the HTC One Mini. Read more at
The Tour de France is a breathtakingly large and beautiful piece of sport, drama and scenery. How does the TV magic happen? Read about it at
A room with a view with a bath with a view. Read more about the Bathsphere at
Cadel Evans' bikes for the 2013 Tour de France. Read more about his rides at
High definition has a little Help on the way. Read more at
The Foursquare Time Machine maps all the places you’ve ever checked in with the app, and then cranks out an infographic with all your stats. Read more at
Toshiba's new Kira ultrabook computer. It's a premium offering at a top-end price, and you can read more about it at
Working at the social media coalface on a social media policy? This link has a nice overview of the topic, plus a collection of links to policy documents out there in out there land.
An interesting article in the SMH on the weekend (including some odd statements regarding SEO).
It could also be perhaps viewed as encouraging getting onboard the social media train. If nothing else to monitor what is being said about your business / competitors.
The dark side of "user-generated" content. The article though could do with some polishing as regards its statements about SEO.
Thanks for the invitation +Laurel Papworth, and hello to all in the group!
