#save because of the snow. Makes it (tractor) feel tough... like it's saying "I can stand the cold. You aren't going to hurt me leaving me out in the winter when I am not being used." However, I would like to be able to read the "Yes It's fast..." with out squinting and .... you could have gotten snow in the seat with a different view... which imo would have been cool. No need for such a masculine posture (IDK if I am using the correct photog terminology) of a tractor. We all know they are man toys. snicker snicker. I could drive an old Farmall before well... after I would walk but before I could legally do anything. But still a save. for the snow.
#save6 and agree with shawn. I have a lot of poppy macro shots and they are hard because it's such a large flower so I struggle with the DOF. This has excellent color and really shows the structures of the flower well.
#delete9 while it is a good picture it needs more punch to be great like freezing the wings and some background editing.
#delete flare. Works in every other way but that flare is blinding.
+ Max Kotchouro straighten the horizon, not the house. And I understand what you are going for however, unfortunately for you I live in an almost replica of this house and there are better ways to photograph it. I know because I use it as a trial subject all the time. #delete10
+ Max Kotchouro i understand that but do it in your mind. i am honestly telling u i struggle with this too on angled pics, lens correction etc. and personally cant get it right. if u cropped and played w/ horizon a little more u may get a better result from your pic in a voting pool.
#delete4 great masculine POV for a man's tractor... Like thr tractor detail. Don't care for sky or halo around left role bar.
#delete9 I love the greens, and the yellows in the grass however the entire image doesn't speak to me that much. Maybe it's the subject. If it were a flag I might find it more interesting but the wind sock it's self does not pose as a strong enough subject for this image.
