The radio was given back to Tesla recently? What are you talking about. Tesla was a very talented person but do not start overrate him... Also, Edison did a lot, he was a genius too, but nowadays it's a sport to throw mud at him
Marconi in Italy built radio devices in 1894. Few years later Tesla also did some prototypes, independently. So they were both geniuses. In fact, Marconi also won the financial side, as he got patents and lots of money. The reason US at some point reversed the patents owned by Marconi was that his corporation was suing the government to collect royalties, so the court fixed the situation in favor of the government. + Lyle Kingsley stories are always more complicated, and it's easy to lean towards a side or the other based on personal preferences. Truth is, you cannot give full credit to a single person: Marconi, Tesla, Edison worked together and in competition, and they they also used the talent of dozens of other engineers to get there. Now a question: who do you think invented the telephone? Bell?
+ Lyle Kingsley you mix up the actual invention and the patent process. Marconi started in Italy, and when he was derided went to UK. Only later he started the American company. As I said, both were geniuses and got some parts of the radio independently. The patent history especially back then was very country-specific and one should not use that metric only. This is to say that everyone gave his contribution: Tesla, Edison, Marconi. It is unfortunate that for whatever reason Tesla is now considered the savior and others (Edison) are the absolute evil, because that gives a distorted reading of history. See + G Nunchuk 's comment for example.
+ Benjamin Phillips yeah the oatmeal. We are trying to be serious here, if that is your reference, an Internet cartoon written by a questionable individual, please...
+ Benjamin Phillips yeah go ahead with the tags. Tesla was a genius but nowadays he's overrated. Edison was a genius too, but was successful on the business side. We live in an era where hipsters see business success as "too mainstream" and celebrate the underdog (Tesla in this case) giving him too much credit, to the point of super natural powers. This is not an objective reading of history. As for your calling names that shows how shallow your foundations are. Keep posting pictures of cats!
