My nephew AJ (right) and his soccer buddy Colin (left) pose after soccer practice. Sony A230 / Sony 55-200 mm f/4.3 Saint Michaels, AZ
My 7-weeks old fur grand puppies getting their nap except for Pudgie.
My 4-year old (at the time) heeler Jed ready to head back home after a day playing up in the mountains at my late great grandfather's cabin.
I have question. How do you distinguish which brand or product is the best in regards to pellet stoves? I'm hearing the Harman and Lennox are on the high end and best of the competition. My husband and I are in the market of purchasing one. We are doing our research and asking questions to the sellers. Which is better and reliable?
My nephew AJ (right) and his soccer buddy Colin (left) pose after soccer practice. Sony A230 / Sony 55-200 mm f/4.3 Saint Michaels, AZ
Looking at upgrading from a Sony A230 DSLR Camera to a Sony Alpha SLT A65 SLR Camera (body) due to the price range. I just purchased a Sony 70-200 mm f/2.8 Telephoto Zoom Lens. Will this A65 camera be able to handle the new purchased-lens mentioned above & will the camera be compatible to other existing Sony lenses? I plan to shoot outdoor, indoor, sports (high school football, volleyball, & youth soccer), rodeo, pets, family photography. Any advice is appreciated. Thank you.
My year old Tobie watching the roping.
I'm torn between two lens that I want to add into my inventory, and I'm thinking of either: 1) Sigma EX Telephoto Zoom lens 70/200 mm - F/2.8 or a 2) used Sony Alpha 70/200 F/2.8 Telephoto Zoom Lens. Which would be better? I do not want to spend over $1700 for a lens. Will the Sigma lens auto focus work on my current Sony A230L camera? I hear the Tamron SP 70/200 mm F/2.8 telephoto lens is slower and the auto focus doesn't work and you have to switch to manual focus. This lens would be used for mid/high school sports, youth city league soccer, and rodeo (team roping). I need y'alls opinions to help me which lens is a good purchase. Also, what's the difference between an A and G mount?
When I was looking online to purchase a 70/200 mm f/2.8 lens for a Sony camera, Google Shopping gave two choices; an A or G mount. Anywho. y'all are saying to go with a Sony telephoto lens...right?? I'm not too sure if I can handle the price, but I was also considering Sigma because of the least expensive price tag and heard other good reviews regarding this lens. Since my camera has the capability to handle any A-mount lens, and my choices have now narrow down to the Sony or Sigma. Now, gotta find some funds to purchase one. Anyone wanna lend me $2500?? LOL! Rod: Did you get your Sony lens used, refurbished, or new?
Thank you Aavo. I will check the sites out. I also saw lens reviews on YouTube as well.
My Corky (male) & his breeding partner Sugar (female tri-color) are the proud parents of these four beautiful pups...1 male & 3 females. The puppies will be 6-weeks tomorrow (10-10-13). Sugar & pups are in Provo, UT and Corky is in Window Rock, AZ.
My twin sister & I attended Luke Byran's rescheduled concert on September 22nd. A major thunderstorm almost canceled his show again, but the weather cleared & he gave an awesome show! Luke Bryan...u da man!
My brother-in-law purchased the tickets for our birthday and we got to see him! He was sexy as ever and loved it when he shook his booty!!
Cool. I got a concert t-shirt too. It was the most memorable evening of my life.
This is my 2008 CR-V LX that I paid off in April 2013. I have had no problems wit this vehicle. Love it!
I love mine. It has 74300 on it & still running like new.
Oh yes!! I'll need to schedule that too! Thank you Charles!
I have a Sony A230L DSLR camera and I want to know if I should upgrade to a new camera? I noticed the Sony website does not have this camera available on it's website. If I do upgrade what camera is recommended and will it attach to my 200 & 300 mm zoom lenses?
Thanks for the advice. I will continue my research on which camera would be consider a best for my detail of photography. It's mainly to shoot my nephew's high school football under the artificial stadium lights, my other nephew's youth football & city league soccer that's during the day; plus my niece's junior high volleyball games. Also, taking pictures of local team roping events. I'm uncertain if my current Sony A230L will handle a 70/200 F/2.8 lens? I want to purchase this lens, but I want to make sure if my current camera will handle the powerful lens or will getting a new camera do a better job with the F/2.8 lens?
Okay. Well, I guess have to use one of my $0 balance credit cards and charge everything...Uggh! Typically if you want the nice stuff...gonna have to spend money.
Minions Yep these guys are so versatile. I'd definitely would like one of these.
Come one...come all to the Largest Native American Fair in the World! To be held at the Navajo Nation Fairgrounds, Window Rock, Arizona, USA.
My 5-year old Pembroke Welsh Corgi "Corky" and 21-month old "Tobie." I both got my corgi's from Colorado corgi breeders. Corky came from Mancos and Tobie came from Ignacio. Thanks for the add!!
My 5-year old Corgi Corky and his breeding mate Sugar produced four beautiful puppies today. I'm proud that Corky has sired his first batch of pups and he has become a proven stud. Too excited!
Thanks for the add!
My 9-year old Australian Cattle Dog/Queensland Blue Heeler Jed exploring the area and keeping guard. ~ Photos by Michelle K. Silver ~
My 21-month old corgi Tobie having a good time watching the team ropers practice and eager to chase the steers. ~ Photos by Michelle K. Silver ~
My 5-year old corgi Corky got all tangled in his leash. I kept him tied so he won't get run over by the team ropers that were practicing. Love this pic...haha! ~ Photo by Michelle K. Silver ~
2011 Mike Cervi Pro Classic Team Roping in Casa Grande, AZ: Clay O'Brien Cooper coiling his heeling rope after getting a time. Clay was best-known as the pint-sized "Hardy Fimps" in the western coming-of-age film, The Cowboys (1972) and older brother "Bobby Bradley" in The Apple Dumpling Gang (1975). Clay starred in several other films, but stuck with roping which earned him 7-world team roping titles.
The Navajo Nation has built a Veterans Memorial at the base of Window Rock to honor the many Navajos who served in the U. S. military, and it has become a tourist stop. Window Rock, Arizona, USA.
My three fur children, L-R: Corky, Tobie, & Jed. The kids just got washed & groomed. Now getting ready to see the vet for their annual vaccinations.
Sharing a pic of George Strait when he played character, Wyatt "Dusty" Chandler from his "Pure Country" movie. He's an awesome team roper too!
Wyatt can't drink...can't fight. But he can sure sing!!
For me this is so true!
Yá'át'ééh (Greetings, Hello, Hi in the Navajo language)!! The Capital of the Navajo Nation, Window Rock, Arizona, USA. ~ Photo by Michelle K. Silver ~
This my Tobie after a month from being hit by a vehicle. His behind is still not straight, but he is beginning to walk without his wheel cart. He's still wobbly on his rear legs, but most importantly he's improving everyday.
This was my 1-year old ACD...Mister Pepper. As you know ACD's are known to bite at heels of livestock as well as tires of vehicles, and this is how Mr. Pepper was tragically killed in a freak accident when he was biting tires. Mr. Pepper wasn't careful and he was crushed under my husband's truck tires. RIP...Mister Pepper 07-10-2004.
This is my 14-year old Appaloosa "Dots" and I getting ready for team roping practice. I ride Dots and he keeps me safe in the saddle and he has not bucked with me (knock wood). I started riding horses about 12 years old and learning about horsemanship and safety. Two weeks ago, the vet diagnosed Dots with early stages of skin cancer on his genitals. I was sadden to hear of his illness, but he is living his life despite the cancer. Dots is my husband's main head horse, and he has brought much joy in our hearts and he is one damn smart horse!
Looking at upgrading from a Sony A230 DSLR Camera to a Sony Alpha SLT A65 SLR Camera (body) due to the price range. I just purchased a Sony 70-200 mm f/2.8 Telephoto Zoom Lens. Will this A65 camera be able to handle the new purchased-lens mentioned above & will the camera be compatible to other existing Sony lenses? I plan to shoot outdoor, indoor, sports (high school football, volleyball, & youth soccer), rodeo, pets, family photography. Any advice is appreciated. Thank you.
My 7-weeks old fur grand puppies getting their nap except for Pudgie.
