Sony’s latest Xperia smartphones, the Xperia Z1 and Xperia Z Ultra, look rather fetching but have been frustratingly unavailable in the U.S. until now. Sony now has them on its U.S. website for preorder, where you can snag the Smartwatch 2 ($199.99), Xperia Z1 ($649.99), and Xperia Z Ultra ($649.99)...
Huang then unveiled what he called “one of the most important works NVIDIA has done for computer graphics.” The feature is called G-SYNC. It’s an end-to-end architecture that starts with a Kepler-based GPU and ends with a G-SYNC module within a display. What G-SYNC does is keep the display and GPU in sync, regardless of frame rates or whether or not V-Sync is enabled...
Without a doubt, Google's upcoming Nexus 5 smartphone built by LG has to be the worst kept secrets on the web, and perhaps that's by design. The latest confirmation that a Nexus 5 exists -- and is close to being released -- is that someone on Google's web team was a little overzealous yesterday and posted the product live in Google Play...
Remember several years ago when people were so hesitant to switch from Windows to Mac OS X because they felt like migrating was going to be too hard? People were worried about software and file types, and a spate of migration tools popped up to make it easier. The same thing is happening again, but this time it’s about users switching from iOS to Android, and specifically, to the Moto X...
What happens when the world's largest online retailer teams up with the smartphone maker that helped pioneer Android as viable alternative to iOS in the smartphone space? We may soon find out. Word on the web is that Amazon and HTC are in discussions about building a handset for users of Amazon's Prime service...
Lenovo announced a new Windows 8.1 tablet to its lineup with the Miix2, an 8-inch device that comes with an optional cover and a stylus. The successor to the Lenovo Miix, the Mixx2 will ship with Windows 8.1 on board, with all that entails, and it boasts some impressive specs, too...
A new Apple patent has emerged that shows a new, more immersive 3D desktop GUI, which looks essentially like cover flow but for applications instead of just for items within Finder windows. It also seems like an incredibly obvious (though no less attractive and innovative) evolution of displaying open applications, and it will certainly allow users to increase the speed of their workflow...
According to Microsoft's survey, 94 percent of parents allow their kids to use at least one online service or device. What's a bit more interesting -- and perhaps surprising -- is that age 8 emerged as the average age at which parents allow independent Internet and device use...
Sony’s latest Xperia smartphones, the Xperia Z1 and Xperia Z Ultra, look rather fetching but have been frustratingly unavailable in the U.S. until now. Sony now has them on its U.S. website for preorder, where you can snag the Smartwatch 2 ($199.99), Xperia Z1 ($649.99), and Xperia Z Ultra ($649.99)...
Just in time for Halloween, HotHardware.com and the team at N3V Games--makers of the very cool Dead on Arrival 2--have teamed up to put together one heck of a spooktacular give-away! This time around we're giving three of you incredibly intelligent, and dare we say, immensely attractive HotHardware fans a chance to win a NVIDIA Tegra 4-powered SHIELD portable gaming device, along with some Google Play gift cards for loading that baby up with games, like Dead on Arrival 2, from the Tegra Zone and Play Store.
Frank Nuovo, Nokia’s phone design guru, is on record as saying that Apple needs to get with the program and switch to a standard micro USB connector as essentially the rest of the mobile industry has done...
Last week, for example, Samsung announced the Galaxy Round with a 5.7-inch Full HD Super AMOLED curved display. Not to be outdone, press photos of LG's upcoming Flex G with a 6-inch OLED curved panel have been leaked to the web...
Some users have complained that they were missing emails, and it turns out that the issue is apparently that the auto-forwarding feature is switched on by default on some accounts. Thus, if those users had previously set up a secondary email address, their emails were getting sent there instead of to their Yahoo inboxes...
Lenovo, the top PC manufacturer in the world in terms of shipment numbers and market share, may be looking to rise in the ranks of mobile handsets, as well. There's a rumor going around claiming Lenovo is in hush-hush talks with HTC about taking over its smartphone business...
Developers who were part of the original Google TV team have also dropped the old branding. In fact, a recent developer event in Seoul was called Android TV Developer Day. If you peek at some of the developer profiles, you'll see that some of them have changed the wording from Google TV to Android TV...
