Sony Xperia C 5-inch,dual-SIM Android Jelly Bean officially launched in India for Rs 21,490 After being up for pre-orders on various e-commerce sites earlier this month, the Xperia C has been officially launched in the country by Sony. The mid-range Android smartphone is available at retail stores and e-commerce sites for Rs 21,490. To recap on th...
Sony Xperia C 5-inch,dual-SIM Android Jelly Bean officially launched in India for Rs 21,490 After being up for pre-orders on various e-commerce sites earlier this month, the Xperia C has been officially launched in the country by Sony. The mid-range Android smartphone is available at retail stores and e-commerce sites for Rs 21,490. To recap on th...
Micromax Bolt A58 with 3.5-inch display Android 4.2 now available for Rs. 5499 Micromax Bolt A58, new budget smartphone in the Bolt series is now available from online retailerSaholic. It surfaced on the official website last week and packs a 3.5-inch (320 x 480 pixels) display, powered by a 1GHz dual-core MediaTek 6572M processor and...
Huawei E5151 MiFi and E8131 WiFi datacard launched for Rs 4,999 and Rs 2,999 Huawei has launched two new Wi-Fi devices named as the E5151 MiFi which is a pocket Wi-Fi device and the E8131 Wi-Fi datacard. According to the company, these Wi-Fi devices offer HSPA+ speeds at 21.6 Mbps download speed and 5.76 Mbps upload speed. The datac...
HTC One Max with 5.9-inch 1080p display, Fingerprint Scanner officially announced HTC has finally announced the most rumored One Max . It come with a 5.9 inch (1920 x 1080 pixels) Full HD display, powered by a 1.7 GHz quad-core Qualcomm Snapdragon 600 processor and runs on Android 4.3 (Jelly Bean) with the new HTC Sense 5.5 UI that b...
HTC 'Sense 5.5' leaked shots show easy BlinkFeed toggle, camera changes HTC seems close to releasing the next version of its Android-based UI— Sense 5.5. ROM maker mike1986 has posted a series of screenshots ( via Android Central ) he claims belong to the new UI. Though much remains the same as the previous version, the ma...
Samsung Galaxy J with 5-inch 1080p display, Snapdragon 800 processor and 3GB RAM leaked NTT Docomo is all set to announce their winter product line-up on the 10 October. Sony Xperia Z1 f (SO-02F) / Honami mini , a mid-range phone surfaced recently, which is also expected to be headed to NTT Docomo in Japan. Now the Samsung Galaxy J (SC-02F) ,...
Samsung Galaxy Round with curved OLED display launched Just hours after we got our first glimpse of Samung’s upcoming curved glass display handset, the smartphone has been officially announced. Heading to SK Telecom in Korea, the phone will officially be called the Galaxy Round. The phone is very slim at just 7...
Micromax Canvas Turbo A250 with full-HD display reportedly in the works With mounting rumours of Micromax being set to introduce its first full-HD display smartphone; a new leak complete with teaser image points to such device in development, dubbed Canvas Turbo A250. The leak was tweeted by MMXNewscaster , a source of leaks r...
How to unlock android pattern lock without internet connection Android is most used OS in the cell phone today’s everybody use android phones now days. this is a android is LINUX based operating system provide by Google. android phones is very easy to access there is lot of companies who sell android phones. Biggest s...
How To make Your Laptop Wi-Fi Router-Hotspot Today i will tell you about how to make your laptop Wi-Fi router or Wi-Fi hotspot. Till now you can only make your android phone as Wi-Fi hotspot. But after reading this post you will be able to make your laptop as Wi-Fi router or hotspot. Why we need...
Rumors Say Sony Xperia Z2 Is Launching in April The all-new Xperia Z1 may be launching just now, but it seems Sony is already getting ready to launch a new version this spring, in April...
Samsung to introduce new super-premium Galaxy F line Word out of Korean news site ETNews is that Samsung is allegedly developing a new ultra-premium Galaxy F series to go alongside its wel...
Create / Edit Word, Excel & Powerpoint Files for FREE with Google’s QuickOffice App It was almost an year ago when Google acquired QuickOffice and now Google has completely rebranded the offering from Quick Office which c...
Nokia Asha 500 press photo leaked, WhatsApp is coming to new Asha phones Nokia seems to be readying a new Asha device called the Asha 500, and popular leakster @evleaks has leaked its first press photo to the...
