Oh right. Signed up as in just you or as in Game-Modo multiple places?
As I've said in the chat, the consoles are outdated right away. Not delved into why, it's simply because they have to work from a set point and manufacture from there. Count in the time during manufacturing, say 5 months as a ballpoint figure, but then there's going to be a gap before that. Generally a console will be upper-mid range specs from about 8-12 months prior to the release. But onto visuals. The graphics as they stand have hit a brick wall and the only way to improve them is simply by making them bigger. More detail in the textures, etc. The next real jump is going to be when the Oculus Rift makes its true appearance. Having played it at Rezzed and hopefully at Eurogamer when I go on the last day. Should be quiet since it's the press area and it'll be the sunday, everybody will have pissed off by then so I'll practically get free reign of the press stands, haha. Anyway, where was I, Rift. Having played with it, I can genuinely say it offers something both unique and special, especially when combined with the Razer Hydra.
I don't think a vita is essential. But the 2nd screen experience will be ok. MS 2nd screen experience needs a side purchase as well, a Windows Tablet.
The side screen of Windows isn't the full game eiter. Just side thing like 'mark the map' and 'draw how big her tits should be'. The vita will have that as well as the full game options
+ Jason Long fair enough it doesn't require a windows tablet. However, it still requires a tablet, a side purchase. Even then the things done are basics like Dead Rising 3 and the artillary strikes or match stats on fifa. Basics, not a full game experience
Effectively Microsoft have declared war on the Pause menu and to join their side you need to pay a minimum of £100 for a tablet/phablet big enough to look good
True enough. I don't think it'll come into it anyway due to the fact the side benefits are ok at best, unnecessary at most. I like my pause screen, i don't want to divert attention everytime i want to look at a map, i'd print one out or look at the one included with some games if i did.
But that's just me!
But even then + Richard Dixon I still don't like it. It's an idea and cool at times. Still mostly pointless and/or annoying. Played Wii U a bit, wont ever own one
+ Richard Dixon , + Danny Kriegbaum Laursen is right is some respect. If you are starting over or jumping in for the first time then you will be spending around £600 for a mid-high PC. However, after that it may only cost £200 every four years to stay at that level.
The more you spend at the start, the better it will be for life. Updates are about the same
+ Danny Kriegbaum Laursen My latest system recycled HDDs, GPU and Monitor. Everything else was bought to make a good mITX system. Cost my about £650 for Case, top end mobo, 8gb RAM, SSD, PSU and other bits and bobs. With a new monitor, GPU and all new HDDs it prolly woulda cost £900-£1k. It still wont need an upgrade for a year or two. + Richard Dixon I try to be! :p + Jason Long CCL, Scan, ebuyer and Amazon all combined for my system. I dunno what really pulled me to PC. I abandoned it once upon a time, PS2 days. Rome:Total War brought me back and aside from a few lapses of a mobth or two, never lefy
+ Jason Long My first gaming was the Sega MegaDrive (Genesis to yanks). Then came the glory days. PS1 kept me, as did the Gameboy. Oddly the PS1 with C&C and Civ brought me to strategy games. Then I got my first PC and played old Champ Manager and Civ II with my dad. Then came the PS2 which absorbed me like it was a barely legal teenager, i never wanted to let go. Then the fateful day came. I saw screenshots of Rome: Total War. I wanted it. I bought it. IT DIDN'T PLAY! "WHY?" i would ask. It was then I got my first upgrade, an old AGP card, the memories. I moved between consoles and PC, never dedicating and I don't know what finally turned me, but even having bought consoles I was still PC through and through.
Nottin wrong with AIDS and hangovers! I know two people who have used prostitutes. One got a bit of an itch afterwards! Haha
The only problem being that I'm not joking!
