Sony Xperia Z1, Z Ultra and Smartwatch 2 arrive to the U.S.
Security Considerations when Adopting The Cloud The most simple piece of advice for security in the cloud. Don't put more information about yourself than you really need share. And if your service provider is asking you for those details, ask yourself why? #Facebook #Cloud #Security
How Semantics Work in Search To understand how semantics work, in search, it’s important to understand how Google has always worked. In the very early days of search the approach adopted by Google was radically different than anyone else before them. Moving away from the human factor the idea was that cyberspace possessed a form of self-knowledge, inherent in the links that led from one page to another, and that a search engine could exploit this knowledge. Google’s founders visualized the Internet as a graph, with nodes and links: by early 1998, 150 million nodes joined by almost 2 billion links. They considered each link as an expression of value—a recommendation. And they recognized that all links are not equal. They invented a recursive way of reckoning value: the rank of a page depends on the value of its incoming links; the value of a link depends on the rank of its containing page. Not only did they invent it, they published it. Letting the Internet know how Google worked did not hurt Google’s ability to leverage the Internet’s knowledge. Critical to the success of this approach, which would lead, slowly but steadily, to the semantic search of today, was the notion that data, once mapped, becomes a signal that has additional meaning which can lead to inferences. A million high-quality, relevant sites linking to a single site meant something at many different levels: relevance of content, authority, trust. The words that have become the mantra of semantic search. Google’s Hummingbird update ( ) is a clear indication that semantic search is scaling much faster than anticipated. Because of that scaling images in search now have acquired fresh importance for marketers and webmasters, alike ( ). The point is, this has been a long journey for Google and it is now accelerating. For us, active on the web, understanding how this works is important. Now to put it to proper use. Have a great Thursday and if you get the chance join me and + Joshua Berg in a HOA ( ) that looks at some of the implications of semantic search. Image used below courtesy of + NOD3x semantic analysis tool.
ARM and eyeSight optimize gesture control for mobile processors
Conspiraciones con Enigma EEUU Kennedy y la "Operacion Northwoods" fue un plan del Ejército estadounidense de 1962 que pretendía generar apoyo del pueblo para una acción militar contra la Cuba de Fidel Castro. El plan, que no fue llevado a cabo, requería varias operaciones encubiertas incluyendo actos de terrorismo de Estado real y simulados (como secuestros de aviones) en territorio estadounidense y cubano. Este plan fue propuesto por altos cargos del Ministerio de Defensa (Department of Defense) estadounidense, entre ellos, el Presidente de la Junta de Jefes del Estado Mayor, Lyman Louis Lemnitzer. El Presidente de Estados Unidos en aquella fecha era John F. Kennedy.
Programmers seem to be divided into two groups: those who hate (ancient, powerful, baroque) vim without giving it a chance, and those that love it. If you'd like to be in the second group, this video will be of some use.
I know what is going to be on every kid's (and big kids) Christmas list... Check out the Anki Drive racing cars - bringing artificial intelligence and gaming together. Learn more here and first orders go live in 5 days:
No idea what they are talking about here Cough...
Assessing the damage of the shutdown: How the dysfunctional politics of the US is affecting the country's status in Asia.
This is TRINKET Trinket may be small, but do not be fooled by its size! It's a tiny microcontroller board, built around the Atmel ATtiny85, a little chip with a lot of power. We wanted to design a microcontroller board that was small enough to fit into any project, and low cost enough to use without hesitation. Perfect for when you don't want to give up your expensive dev-board and you aren't willing to take apart the project you worked so hard to design. It's our lowest-cost arduino-IDE programmable board! #trinket #attiny85
Ubuntu for phones reached first official release, successfully extends Ubuntu's family of operating systems #ubuntu
One Nation Under the Influence: #american #beer #favorites #by #state
With everyone waking up to a shiny new 13.10 release, we've gone over some of the new features you can expect if you upgrade to the Saucy Salamander.
Gamers--doing what supercomputers could not even do.
Do you experience poor Galaxy S4 battery life? Battery swelling up? Samsung confirmed it's going to offer free battery replacements: . by + Chris Smith #Samsung #GalaxyS4 #batterylife
This month is an exciting time for the + Nexus family. Make sure to be a part of it. Hit the links below to see our current Nexus listings. Nexus 4: Nexus 7 (2013): Nexus 10: Nexus 7 (2012): Galaxy Nexus (unlocked): Galaxy Nexus (Verizon): Galaxy Nexus (Sprint): Nexus S (unlocked): Nexus S 4g (Sprint): Nexus One: #android #kitkat #nexus #androidkitkat #swappa
Okay ONE MORE TIME...... I got one up on her... I am fit to be a mama and a wife... dinner is on the table and in the refrigerator... don't need no suga daddy but... I love this song and relate...
Geek out with us! On Oct. 24, a panel of #science experts will discuss advancements in the biotech industry. Find out more .
So who has been testing out Fedora 20 Alpha. Looks and feels pretty good on a Asus Netbook. Check out the first boot in a virtual environment: what are you thoughts on the new alpha version from Fedora?
Interesting video on relationship between productivity and short- and long-term debt cycles... Yes, a much simplified model, but contains many interesting insights nonetheless.
We Are Makers We Are Makers tells the story of the Maker Movement. It’s the story not of tools but of people. A publisher. An entrepreneur. A design professor. A middle school teacher. Two museum educators. And a creative director. Each provides an important viewpoint on why new technologies and communities of making are bringing us back to something deeply human. For more about the film, and featured content from the film's contributors, visit: wearemakers.org Directed by Nathan Driskell & Mathew Bardwell Original Music by Elvis Sanchez Produced by Kyle Dickson Associate Producer James Langford
A new method of recording brain activity could lead to mind-reading devices, scientists say. The finding could lead to “mind-reading” applications that, for example, would allow a patient who is rendered mute by a stroke to communicate via passive thinking. Conceivably, it could also lead to more dystopian outcomes: chip implants that spy on or even control people’s thoughts.
Happy Ada Lovelace Day! Today, I'm especially proud to be a part of the + Google Cloud Platform Developer Relations team, which is home to some amazing women engineers. Below, + Kathryn Hurley , a Developer Programs Engineer for GCE, interviews Hilary Mason of Bitly in the #WomenTechmakers series. I've had fantastic role models over the course of my career thus far, who have encouraged me, provided guidance, and poked me with a stick when I wasn't putting in enough effort! They've stayed with me over the years, available for phone calls and responsive to my pleas for advice over email. I'm lucky to have them. Who has inspired you to pursue your path in technology? #AdaLovelaceDay
