Sony 3D Blu-Ray Disc Player (BDP-S5100) You already know this is going to be good but lets humour each other. With this product Sony have re-applied the successful user interface in other products such as the PS3 and previous players so there isn't any learning curve with the navigation if you're...
Sonos Play:1 The Sonos Play:1 is the more affordable younger brother of the Play:3 and Play:5. In their own words mini but mighty, it's about the size of a medium tin of pineapple. Sonos has finally brought their proprietary wireless technology to the masses with this m...
ARRIS / Motorola Surfboard (SB6141) Cable Modem The key benefits of this modem come with the price tag, moderately priced for 8 downstream channels which means the potential for higher speed offerings in the future is likely. It does this by utilising the DOCSIS 3.0 technology, giving you lightning fast...
Sony 3D Blu-Ray Disc Player (BDP-S5100) You already know this is going to be good but lets humour each other. With this product Sony have re-applied the successful user interface in other products such as the PS3 and previous players so there isn't any learning curve with the navigation if you're...
Asus VS Series Monitor The Asus VS247H-P 24 inch monitor is far from a new entrant, but the sturdy mount, slim profile, 50,000,000:1 high contrast ratio and the HDMI interface have ensured that it's remained one of the top sellers for a long time. With lightning fast 2ms resp...
Medialink High Speed Router (2.4Ghz / 300 Mbps) Super fast transfer speeds, top notch security profile, great customer support and compatibility with most operating systems including Linux. Dependable isn’t necessarily the first word you’d use in describing tech products but Medialink’s Wireless router,...
Samsung Chromebook Inexpensive. Light. Easy to use. Long battery life. All things you want to hear from a laptop geared toward browsing. It starts up in seconds, has built in wifi, is lightning fast thanks to the 2GB RAM and 16GB Solid state drive and has a whopping 11.6 ...
Samsung Galaxy 4 It comes as no surprise that the new Galaxy S4 is an outstanding A-grade student. Going from strength to strength the new Galaxy has seemingly endless gimmick features such as the 13 megapixel dual camera that take pictures using both cameras simultaneously...
** Having mentioned the Chromecast, the Roku 3 is one of the premiere HDTV streaming media devices. It can connect up with all the usual suspects including Netflix, Pandora, Hulu, Spotify, Amazon Instant Video and so on. Potentially its only drawback is that i...
Sony Playstation Network Card The Sony Playstation Network Card is essentially a mode of currency in the online Sony world enabling you to purchase all sorts of differ...
Google Chromecast Chromecast represents Google's refined effort to enter the streaming media market. Like most portable streaming media technology, Chrome...
Kindle Matchbook When it comes to attracting and retaining new customers, the internet and phone giants are all vying for our attention. Well Amazon have...
Apple TV Apple TV provides the ability to stream any of the content from iTunes direct to your TV, as well as media from a handful of other online...
Apple TV Apple TV provides the ability to stream any of the content from iTunes direct to your TV, as well as media from a handful of other online...
Google Nexus 7 This is the newest rendition of the 2012 Nexus 7: the 2013 Nexus 7 has been completely revamped with a hi-res 323 pixel per inch screen, ...
Kindle Fire HD (7") Blazing up the competition, the Kindle Fire HD 7" has a 1200x800 high definition LCD display with advanced polarizing filter and custom a...
GoPro Hero 3 Black Edition Whether you're jumping out of a plane, long boarding down a highway, or even just messing around in the pool, the GoPro is the final word...
