The microwave stalkers continue to change settings on my sony Mobile and torture me they won't stop and continue to tell me they're above the law the stand my sony Mobile and hacked my sony Mobile 24 /7 they never get out of it and they have me voice to skull...touturing.
I used. Voice on last. Post..look what the microeave. Stalkers did tells alot about. Them
Now the microwave stalkers have got me kicked out of where I live The Salvation Army now where do I go I don't know this must be stopped today I can't take anymore my microwave torture please tell my family this must be stopped
David. Hosanna. Is. Not using tweeter anymore. The stalkers have put a lot of posts on it also on goolge please. Check them all sorry. I cant tell you..s. In words how sorry. Please tell ..my ..family in california I need help the radation from non. Stop microwave. Touture is killing me this. Must. Be stopped. Today
Now they tell me I am going to have to leave here the mivrowave stalkers. Have called here and made up stories I am now waiting. To talk to a girl here who they probably again in and out of concessious they will not..let me use voice to post making things more difficult. Please stop them today tonight. I can not take more .........
Please. Tell my family I need help now my health can not take..anymore microwave..touture
The microwave stalkers continue to touture me now the pitch sound and electicmagnetic touture my soon to be 58 year old body cant take more...it was in. Very. Good. Condition befote I became victim to the microwave stalkers again I'm in and out of consciousness
The microwave stalkers continue to torture me no cooking me alive hitting my head throat eyes how much more touture. Will I have to take. Its more like can I handle my body is in bad shape please defuse the devices in my. Skull. Soon Once again I am in and out of. Consciousness
I used someone who was not eating lunch . There ticket they toldme I could not and that they. Think I pay rent the microwave stalkers told them I have a APT. At least. That is what she told me I proably dont make cent. My head..i have. Swelling on my brain..need medical..Help stalkers. Will not let me..and. So many other things they must be stopped today
Microwave stalkers will not let me eat lunch and now run. Mucuc though my nasal system. Sadistic purebevil..there still add letters we. Know who. Uses are soon. You..s. Freaks..will stop are you microwve stalkers really that. Stupid.......using mind. Control devices on. Children..raping them women..ederly..pure. Evil. ...............i am your. Prisoner. You. Hsve me. Voice to skull. You. Touture. For sport. FOR. SPORT......SADICTIS. Things yes some of. You..s. Are females....the lies you..s. Tell.....stop them before they. Spawn
They need to be stopped Defused the devices in my skull. They just hit head. Lost where I am
The microwave stalkers continue to change settings on my sony Mobile and torture me they won't stop and continue to tell me they're above the law the stand my sony Mobile and hacked my sony Mobile 24 /7 they never get out of it and they have me voice to skull...touturing.
I just tryed to show a homeless man sports on my sony mobile microwave stalkers hacked. It off....low. Lifes
I am going to..go. Blind if there not stopped.
Microwave stalkers. Continue ...to touture. Eyes cant see very well stie like thing in left eye...stomsch...Very sore non stop touture..Please sent help tell my family I need help now. Thank you..s
Now in church and microeave dtalkers continue to touture me plrAse sent help today there changing letters hacking sony mobile. Please stop them. Today
The microwave stalkers microwave stalkers continue to run mucus through my body he won't let me get on facebook...they there. Is. A group. Of. Them
Microwave stalkers. Continue to. Touture me the. Pain is. Wicked evil. There changing setting on sony. Mobile nonstop. With touturing me please tell my. Fsmily I need. Help
There blockimg me from using tweeter. Posting pretending to be me. Sadictis. Freaks. Stop them. Today. Please I can. Not. Take. More
My stomach and. Eyes are being. Toutured by. Microwave. Stalkersbstom stop them. Today. Plrase stop them
Microwave stalkets continue to hitbeyes and. Stomach. There. Sadistic. Freaks. They must be. Stopped today tell my fmily I need help
The microwave stalkers are hitting eyes. Left very. Sore.....stomach. Pain buckles me. Over. sick ..o..s. Stop them. Today
The microwave stalkers. Wake me and sweat me its sadictiic waking. Up cold and wet
microwave stalkers continue to torture .me my head hurts to talk. Hitting heart sharp. Pain sadisdic. Premated microwave stalkers..stop them. Tonight there is app on my phone dont know if. I ....should try it......................
and I will go outside for frrsh air then come rest post then thank. You'' s. A LL
And now the microwave...stalkers hit my heart causing sharp pains and my head pain is excruciating and once again I'm still in and out. Of consciousness it hurts to talk so I will post for a while they must be put out thank you bell.mobi
I am in and out of consciousness so it won't post until the torture dies down a little bit thank you
My head is so sore it hurts to talk
The microwave stalkers continue to torture David Hosanna the pain is excruciating I'm in and out of consciousness yet they continue they enjoy it. They enjoy it they must be stopped before they harm more children..women ederlyand. They must be stopped.
The microwave stalkers Continue to hit me with microwaves they think. There unstopalbe there not. They...knock me unconess yet still hit..me sadistic....cowards......stop them. Soon. Bell. Mobi..
Microwave stalkers .continue to. Touture me hitting head with. Percing sound making it ( the pain is to much I have been toutured for to long ) and they ask me for answers I dont have but use it as excuse to touture me now hitting heart grion its very..very painful..sharp pains heart pain. grion its sadistic. Pure evil. They must Be stopped beware. There again looking for a victim
David. Hosanna needs medical. Attendtion today yet the. Microwave. Stalkers will not. Let me they still on sony mobile they never ever get off it my phone there complete. Freaks the 296 microwave. Stalkers must. Be..stopped...today...tell. My..family..David. Needs. Help. Thank. You'' s I ..know..it will. Soon. Be. Over..they have stalked. Raped..toutured..imprisoned..children. Women ederly people sick people there. Sexual. Preators they sell ..some of there young girls who ..are..voice..to..skull..victims..og..there''s they must be stopped and. Thrarten to rape again. If I continue. To. Write. Cowards
Microwave. Stalkers. Continue to touture me hitting my...head. With...microwaves.. We need to. Put them. Out. Today. The devices in my ..skull..need. To. Be defused..today my brain has. Swelling...on...it yet the low. Lifes continue. ..stop. 296. Now......
The microwsve stslkers touture me out of bed so I cant rest soon. Very soon I will be. Defused
My. Head is so sore the girl here without asking let me go lay down my. Head is so sore I dont know if I can...and they still..touture ...my skull brain eyes...with. Microwaves....sadistic. Cowards.......
My head my vision myeyes. Are. Both very sore....sounds hurt my head.... The voice to skull devices....have to...be...defused today..and..now they..percise...my skull with a..sound my....brain cant take more stop...them
I am toutured to the limit
