Sony SmartWatch 2 slated for Oct 15th. launch in U.S along with Xperia Z Ultra and Z1 Technology giants such as Samsung, Microsoft, Google and maybe even Apple are just now realizing there may be a future in wearables, but other tech companies have already been dabbling in smartwatches for some time now. Sony is one example, having recen...
Playstation 3 beats Xbox 360 after 32 months to make it at the Top With the next console generations right around the corner and several analysts predicting Sony’s PlayStation 4 will have the upper hand this time around, Microsoft’s run at the top in the U.S. market has come to an end. The company’s current-generation Xb...
Amazon listing hints at launch of new Apple TV on Oct 22nd event Earlier reports suggests that Apple is going to announce next gen Apple TV next week at its press conference . Apple’s set-top box is one of the most popular video-streaming TV companions on the market today, and according to Amazon, a new version of the ...
Wii U sales increased by double after it gets $50 price cut Nintendo has been struggling to sell the Wii U since it was launched. Several huge publishers have all but abandoned the system. Nintendo had no choice so they chopped $50 off the price tag of the Wii U Deluxe Set, and it seems to have turned things around....
Windows 8.1 won't do anything to help PC sales Windows 8.1 considers the triumphant return of the Start button but as per the new report, it won’t do much at all to help restore the downfalling PC market. Microsoft finally let Windows 8.1 loose on the world earlier this week and the new software includ...
iPhone user Mark Menacher files lawsuit against Apple to show hate for iOS 7 iOS 7 isn't liked by everyone. That said, it seems that iPhone user Mark Menacher hates them much more than anyone else. CNET reports that Menacher has filed a suit against Apple in small claims court and is asking the company to let him remove the iOS 7 ...
Some of the PS4, Xbox One games launch delayed to 2014 Console launches are considered worst for the underwhelming launch games that come along with them. Developers just don’t get enough time to spend with the system to know its strengths and weaknesses before releasing their first next-gen titles, but this...
OS X Mavericks Server Golden Master released ahead of launch this month Apple has finally released a Golden Master build of OS X Server for Mavericks to developers today ahead of its release later this month. The Golden Master build is the finalized version of the software. Earlier this month Apple released the GM build of t...
Solutions like iBeacon said to have $4b market opportunity for Apple Apple hasn’t yet begun to develop the new iBeacon service it touched upon earlier this year, but that will soon change. Market research firm ABI Research says that Apple is poised to attack a new market opportunity that will grow to be worth more than $4 ...
Here's how Google tops Microsoft to become tech’s second most valuable firm Google isn’t a software company so much as it’s an advertising platform company: The software it produces is just a means to draw in users and rake in advertising dollars. And now a new research note from Morgan Stanley shows us that Google is poised to...
Topeka sets Google stocks a price of $1100 target Google has delivered better than expected earnings this week. Now a tech market analyst is dishing out more sky-high price targets for the company. The most bullish rating so far comes from Topeka Capital who assigned Apple shares in 2012 what now seems li...
Google share value breaks $1000 barrier Google’s better-than-expected earnings report has sent the company’s shares surging past the $1,000 barrier for the first time in its history during trading on Friday. Since Google beat Wall Street expectations by reporting third-quarter earnings per shar...
Apple assures that they cannot and will not read your iMessages After it came to light earlier this year that the NSA keeps people on a much shorter digital leash than most suspected, issues such as security and privacy shot to the forefront of online media once again. Keeping your online activity private is no easy ...
Microsoft: Xbox 360 console sales cross 80 million Microsoft announced that it has sold more than 80 million Xbox 360 consoles since 2005, and has detailed three new holiday bundles. The 80 million figure is the total number of units sold to retailers, and not directly to customers. Microsoft launched the X...
Philips Electronics India appoints A. Krishnakumar as CEO Philips Thursday said A. Krishnakumar, current head of healthcare business in India, will be appointed managing director and chief executive officer (CEO) for its electronics business in the country with effect from December 2013. Krishnakumar will take ...
Uber, the on-demand car ride service, launches in Delhi city , India It calls itself a technology company that is solving how people move about in cities. Others call it a myriad of things ranging from a private taxi fleet to an on-demand ride service to a cab service for the well heeled. However you might define it, Uber is...
CEO of Micromax India, Deepak Mehrotra leaves company Micromax CEO, Deepak Mehrotra has quit the company. He had joined the company in December 2011 as a part of Micromax investors’ efforts to bring more professional experience in the top management. During that phase it had also hired senior executives fro...
Facebook for iOS gets updated, lets you add photos comments and edit posts from your iPhone or iPad Facebook has updated its iOS app to version 6.6, bringing it further on par with the desktop counterpart. The latest version brings features like the ability to add photos to comments and also edit statuses or comments from any iOS device running on iOS ...
Researchers claim Apple might be able to intercept encrypted iMessages after all if NSA insisted to do so After word of the U.S. government’s PRISM data gathering program broke, Apple reiterated its commitment to customer privacy in a statement which implied that the company isn’t able to access to encrypted iMessages. A group of researchers don’t agree . A gro...
TRA: Samsung Mobile is most attractive brand in India Samsung Mobile is the most attractive brand in India, says Trust Research Advisory (TRA). Across India, the second most attractive brand is the consumer durable company Sony, followed by Nokia as the third most attractive across all categories, TRA said ...
Google's engineering director Kurzweil details his immortality plan As we’ve noted before, Google engineering director Ray Kurzweil devotes a lot of his life to prolonging death . Kurzweil, the brilliant 65-year-old inventor and futurist, is dead-set on living long enough to be immortal, although getting himself to that poi...
Samsung sales tops Apple in Q3 before iPhone 5s, 5c release There might be more phones running Android than any other operating system, but it’s not often that a single Android smartphone manufacturer manages to jump Apple in quarterly sales. CNN shared a report from Consumer Intelligence Research Partners (CIRP) th...
Twitter is said to be working on its own direct messaging app Could Twitter soon go head-to-head with WhatsApp, Kik and other big mobile messaging services? Unnamed sources tell AllThingsD that Twitter has been working on “plans to significantly update its direct-messaging product in the near future” and has even “ki...
Nexus 5 16GB appears on the US Play Store priced at $349 The Nexus 5 launch may just be around the corner, but for those who can’t wait, here are a couple of treats. Google accidently made the Nexus 5 page on the US Play Store live, which showed the 16GB variant priced at $349 (Rs 21,400 approximately). They p...
New report claims that Apple iPhone 5S captures slo-mo videos at 480p and not 720p The string of embarrassing issues on the new iPhones, especially the iPhone 5S, doesn’t seem to be slowing down. After the miscaliberated motion sensors , frequent crashing or apps and the Blue Screen of Death , now it seems the much-talked about slo-mo vid...
Apple, Samsung dominate J.D. Power’s smartphone satisfaction poll Apple and Samsung don’t only have the most profitable smartphone businesses — they also have the most satisfied customers. The latest survey of American consumers from J.D. Power shows that iPhone users are the most satisfied customers at Verizon and AT&T ...
Nokia smartwatch patent reveals sport modular displays with multiple screens Although there were already rumors that Nokia had a smartwatch of its own in the works, a patent filing and a subsequent video demonstration have unveiled Nokia’s work-in-progress wrist tech in full. The patent for a “multi-segment wearable accessory” was m...
Micromax announces Hugh Jackman as its new brand ambassador, teasing the Canvas Turbo Smartphone Earlier this month we heard about the Canvas Turbo , which is likely to be the next flagship offering from Micromax. Now the Indian smartphone vendor has all but confirmed the existence of the device, when it gave a small glimpse at the device while unve...
Amazon Kindle e-book readers gets official price cuts in India Amazon India today has announced a limited-period special festive discount offer on the Kindle e-book reader and Kindle Fire HD 8.9-inch tablets. So the Kindle 6-inch is now available at a reduced price of Rs 4,999 instead of Rs 5,999. Also, the 16GB mode...
Google Q3 2013 revenue beats expectations, posts $10.74 EPS on revenue of $14.9 billion Google on Thursday slightly beat Wall Street expectations by reporting third-quarter earnings per share of $10.74 on revenue of $14.9 billion, thus besting the consensus forecast of $10.34 EPS on revenue of $14.8 billion. The $14.9 billion in revenue rep...
Retina iPad Mini said as impossible to find at launch The biggest “Will they or won’t they?” question for Apple fans heading into the holiday season will be whether the company will at long last release a new version of the iPad mini tablet with a Retina display . Generally we’ve been hearing that while Apple ...
Design expert says iOS 7 is bad news for Apple Apple’s new iOS 7 is more about renovation than innovation, but Apple did an impressive job of redesigning every visual element of the platform while still managing to maintain familiarity for longtime iOS users . Of equal importance, Apple also laid the gr...
WSJ: Stephen Elop was never the first choice for Nokia’s CEO post As Stephen Elop readies to shift base from Nokia to Microsoft, a memoir by former chairman of Nokia, Jorma Ollila, has dropped a bombshell regarding his appointment three years back. According to him, Elop was never the first choice for the CEO post, The...
Samsung Galaxy Round is considered as a Prototype and not made for Mass market Do you think the Galaxy Round is a pointless gimmick that Samsung released just so it could say that it was the first-ever company to release a curved smartphone? If so then it seems that Samsung agrees with you to an extent. An unnamed “insider” source tel...
