So here is a really good side by side comparison of the New Sony camera's that were just announced today! After talking to my good friend + suzanne clements who currently shoots with the Sony A99 I have made my decision. Pre-Order is going to be sent in. You will all just have to wait and see. I will do an unboxing hangout when it arrives. Oh yea!!
Watch us live right now talking about the new Fujifilm Camera with the come great photographers and the + F Stop Lounge
Best animated GIF I've seen in a long time. Thanks + Christian Remington .
The suspense of the new camera arriving is going to kill me. It can't get here fast enough!!!
I have the EOS M left.
Hi my name is Josh and I love cars!!! Just found your community from another gear head! I am a true car guy. I love it all! Here is a recent shot I took of my friends 04 SIlverado. This truck is a BEAST! Putting down 451whp and 454lbft of torque at the wheels. And that is on a blown 4.8L V8 without the Nitrous and Meth injection. Has to do some fuel system upgrade before he can spray the 100 shot down it's neck! The truck is also a manual with a big Hurst shifter coming out of the floor. And of course it's super low and mean looking. This is an old car dealership in Dekalb, IL we shot at and he use to work at before they moved to a new location. I hope to shoot inside soon! Hope you all enjoy my work!
So here is a really good side by side comparison of the New Sony camera's that were just announced today! After talking to my good friend + suzanne clements who currently shoots with the Sony A99 I have made my decision. Pre-Order is going to be sent in. You will all just have to wait and see. I will do an unboxing hangout when it arrives. Oh yea!!
A great over view of the new Sony Full Frame Mirrorless camera lineup and RX10. So many awesome features.
E-mount cameras with a full frame image sensor? They exist, and we're giving you guys an exclusive first look! Watch below.
YES YES YES!!!! Josh is going FF mirrorless people! This is the announcement I have been wait for!!!! Welcome to the future!!!!!
Was going to go NEX 7 but heard there was a new NEX 7 supposed to be released. Well this it the new release and I couldn't be happier that it's FF. So yup preordering one. Just to decide. 24mp or 36mp. lol
Yup the rumors I found said October so I was waiting until November for the announcement. I just can't believe it's full frame and I can afford it! I was just talking to a friend the other day about someone going FF mirrorless with interchangeable lenses. This will change the game.
I totally agree Andy! If canon and nikon released mirrorless cropped and FF that used existing lenses. They would take over the industry again instead of falling like they are now.
Interesting. Maybe the US is more digital. To me the Fuji is a very analog camera in the terms of buttons and how you use it. Which is a big turn off for me. Always loved my Canon for that reason. Button layout made sense, menus were easy to find, and easy to remember to make those quick adjustments on the fly. I have played with a few Sony NEX camera and the menu layout is not bad. Not quite Canon but still not Nikon. Nikon was the worst for me. Everyone has a preference I guess. I just prefer Sony at the point.
Well the 7D is SOLD!!! Only got a few items left. Some really nice glass. I got the Canon 10-22mm wide angle and the Canon 55-250 zoom left. I believe the 50 is sold to. Got some misc filters a backpack, monopod and tripods still to. Hit me up now!
Water drop on the grass looked so nice and refreshing on a cool fall morning.
Just lowered some prices. Make offers Need to sell it. Not going to sell it for nothing though. Reasonable offers will be considered.
Hahaha. Just need to sell it. Try to at least get rid of the big stuff
Yea the Olympus is nice. The NEX 7 has is more my style though. And actually a new version is on the way soon. Should be any day. So trying to put some cash in the bank and down size m gear.
Yea and I know the nex 7 will too. That's why I am selling it all. Of course the goal still is to go Canon ff someday. But hoping by the time I have that kind of money it's a ff mirrorless camera.
Still got some sweet gear still for sale. All really clean and like new. I take insanely good care of my gear. You wouldn't even know it's been used. All have boxes and box goodies. And I just lowered the price on some of it. This stuff has to go. Message me reasonable offers. #canonusers #canonphotography #canonphotographers #cameragear
It's official! Rokinon Fisheye Lens and Flashes are SOLD! Hit me up now to get some nice gear!
Well SOLD the 70-200 to my good buddy Luke. So here is what is currently left. Please again keep spreading the word. Thanks to all those that have shared it. Again I have super clean gear here. All like new.
+ Lauri Novak come get this 7D and wideangle! LOL!
It's basically new. And comes with 3 batteries, 2 chargers, Intervolometer, REmote, and all the box and goodies. Always ask high. People always low ball you anyways. I have probably really only taken 5000 photo's with it. And it was new as of I think April this year.
All factory chargers and batteries. B&H still want 1500 for one new. Asking 1200 for mine is not bad considering those batteries are like 60 each.
Sellingall my Canon Equipment everyone! Making some life changes and going to go with a different setup. Please if you know anyone spread the word or share this post! My gear is super clean and mint really. It's my baby! So know your buying near new equipment and most was bought this year or last. Message me here if you want more detail or photos. #canonusers #canonphotography #canonphotographers #canon7dusers #canon70-200 #canonlenses #canonlens #yongnuo #tripodmonopodaccessories
"I be chill'n" Well just hanging out and chilling messing with the EOS M I took this shot here. And kinda liked it. My cool Nike with that vibrant blue going on. Just having fun! #nikeshoes #canonphotography #canonusers #canonphotographers #abstractphotography
Yea I am currently selling all my gear and going Sony NEX system. Need a decent camera but also need to put some cash in the bank. My EOS M is for sale. HINT HINT! LOL
Asking $325. It has the 18-55 lens. I also have the adapter to use EF and EF-S lenses with it to which retain all the electronic functions of the lenses.
Sellingall my Canon Equipment everyone! Making some life changes and going to go with a different setup. Please if you know anyone spread the word or share this post! My gear is super clean and mint really. It's my baby! So know your buying near new equipment and most was bought this year or last. Message me here if you want more detail or photos. #canonusers #canonphotography #canonphotographers #canon7dusers #canon70-200 #canonlenses #canonlens #yongnuo #tripodmonopodaccessories
+ Molly Babu I don't entertain dreamers sorry. No one would ever buy it all. And if your serious go look at the ad and you add it up and make an offer.
The Novitec Rosso N-Largo #Ferrari F12Berlinetta. Read the entire article at
just the video. #Mismatched #Hockey #GoalieFight
This has been the best talk I have heard in years. Especially for our time and the way the world is now. Very good talk Elder Oaks.
"Getting Low" One thing you must always do when shooting is get low. Try different angles. You never know what cool shots you can get. This one turned out pretty good. Clouds were awesome! #automotiveportraits #automotivephotography #automotiveindustry + Classic Trucks Magazine + Mini Truckin' Magazine + Custom Classic Trucks + Truckin Magazine + Autoblog + Auto Mutt + Auto-Focused Automotive Enthusiast Photography #minitruckinmag #truckin #likearock #chevytrucks #chevysilverado
Those were the actual clouds to. Just enhanced them.
"Big Red" Well at least that is what I have always called it. This truck has been the project for my friend Dave. His crew and him been working on it for around 4 years. It has an LS Based engine with a blower rocking 450+ wheel horsepower. It is just so clean and nice. And still has more potential from the engine. And so of course he called me to get some sweet shots of it. Well here is the first one. Way more to come. + Autoblog + Auto Mutt + Auto-Focused Automotive Enthusiast Photography #automotivephotography #automotiveportraits #truckin #lspower #chevysilverado #chevytrucks #chevrolet #chevrolettrucks
Yea and he uses the Corsa exhaust system. When just driving normal it just has a nice rumble. But get on it and it sounds like a flipping stock car! Oh and the horsepower number were before 100 shot of Nitrous and the methanol injection. The dyno guys told him his fuel system wasn't fast enough for it. So he will fix all that over the winter and make another pull next spring.
Yea it made 451hp and 455lb ft tq at the wheels. Oh and this is a 4.8L with head work and a blower with intercooler.
No not yet. He does run drag radials in these black rims for traction. He is probably going to make a run in the spring once it's tuned for Nitrous and Meth.
He also has a set of billet rim for show.
Oh and also guys it a manual transmission truck with a super rad Hurst truck shifter on it.
Nope I almost don't want a car without a manual transmission. Oh and it has a button on it that will be attached to a line locker.
Thanks for all the plus 1's everyone!
Enjoy this Master of Timelapse: Enrique Pacheco! Awesome work!
Have any of my car buddies on here seen this? I think this will be super awesome. Might actually consider a truck again. I so wish that we had more smaller diesel trucks in the states. To many get 30+mpg with 4cyl turbo diesel in truck like the Frontier and Tundra of seas. If trucks like that were in the states now. I would own that instead of my car. What do you all think? + Autoblog + Auto Mutt + Auto-Focused Automotive Enthusiast Photography #automotiveindustry #automotivemarketing #automotivephotography
Yea and that diesel reliability.
Oh yea! GoPro doing it again. 4K resolution, better wifi, more battery life heck yes!
"On the Fence" Just one of those times in life I am on the fence about a lot of choices. I think we all get like this every now and than. Guess we'll just see where life goes. #fencefriday #fencephoto #landscapephotography #landscapephoto
Looks like it's official. America will have two Formula 1 event on the calender for the 2014 season. Heck yes! #formula1 + Formula 1 Fans On Google+ + Formula One Fans #f12013 #f1fans
"The Runner" This Toyota 4-Runner was just so nice. Full custom frame, body work, hot rod themed leather interior, and the paint just so nice! + Auto-Focused Automotive Enthusiast Photography #minitruckin #minitruckinmag #4runner + Mini Truckin' Magazine + MiniTruckin Coalition + Custom Classic Trucks Custom Connection
Yes it is! I think my next minitruck build is definitely a 4-Runner. Would love an earlier one bit hard to find a clean body. Might end up with one like this. Just love them.
Yea +Joe Koppenhaver. They're other photos of it in the camp'n drag album
Yup who ever thought of of the 10 lug conversion and 22" Alcoa is an awesome person.
Yea they swung in right over my head. It was awesome. Theirs like 5 more to the right.
Hashtag lolololololololololol To all of my hashtag-loving friends....Seriously, everyone needs to watch this. I might just have this on repeat today ~ahem~ + Joe Azure ~ahem~
This is pretty good stuff. I have been working on some of it already and didn't know it. Guess I will keep going with it!
Just got my first metal print today complete with aluminum studs and 1/4" acrylic across the front.
I used whcc.com + Robert Forrister and + Randy Scherkenbach it does cause some reflection but not to bad. And thanks +Mark HELM.
"Paint me a picture" A group of college students were at the Lagoon by NIU paint what they saw. This women was in deep concentration painting this awesome landscape. #peoplephotography #peopleandlife #portraitphotography #portrait #painting
Just an amazing time lapse. Love all the different settings.
Heck yea! So excited about this. From what I have heard from F1 is the founders have truned in the paper work and the money to have this race on the calender next season.
