And darkens the sky unevenly - in this case you can see a vignette - that's fine with me but some people don't like it.
Sony has always been good at inspiring #GAS They make these bodies look desirable. The big points: The possibility of handling high ISO as normal, say ISO 6400, without painful noise. The ability to fit crusty old film MF lenses (with fringing and reduced contrast risk) on a digital body without crop factor. The downside: From recent history of NEX and Alpha, modern lenses will be few, expensive, bulky and heavy or dark and small. I just saw your preview video: You said the same things.
+ Steve Ghayouri if you think that will be lopsided, wait till you see my DSLR 7-14mm + MMF adapter on that body. LOL
+ Gordon Laing wonder what the performance and the price of that 12-35 will be separately. I've been looking for an affordable, convenient, fair performance 12 prime or 12 zoom.... but so far have not taken the bait. The 12-40mm from Olympus is my current favourite - good optical performance, bright f/2.8 but need to save quite a bit to get that.
Or go nonchalant and pop on the #bodycaplens + Gordon Laing
Yummy looking. If you used the 75mm, you would have to shoot from the next table.
Impressed by the architectural shots
One side effect of all this mirrorless bodies is that the second hand price of old film lenses, manual focus is no longer cheap. Which is good and bad.
Looking pretty good for small sensor cam in the dark.
Nice video as always. Aside from the light leaks, a Lens Baby or tilt shift adapter would be less risky on the sensor dust. Btw the videographer seems to have found a voyeuristic perspective
How did they get Ken Duncan involved with the GX7? Fun review.
And darkens the sky unevenly - in this case you can see a vignette - that's fine with me but some people don't like it.
You should have a chin wag with + Giulio Sciorio - he tells you're both in the same city.
I felt I could not afford the 25 so I'm lovin my 20 Mark 1
Always interesting to see how the competition makes their cameras. The worst kept secret is now out - Sony launches their mirrorless full frame cameras - the A7 and A7R. I suspect there is a fair bit of cooperation and tech interchange between Olympus and Sony now that Sony has shares in Olympus. That Bionz X JPEG engine sounds like it has similarities to the Olympus EM-1 JPEG engine. It corrects for small aperture diffraction and it does "'area-specific noise reduction', which attempts to identify whether each area of an image represents smooth tone, textured detail or subject edges and apply different amounts of noise reduction accordingly." - this is what Quett of + Olympus AU was talking about on the EM-1. Each company has a different mix of features and handicaps. Olympus has a clear direction of making their DSLR lenses AF properly on their EM-1. Sony has a murkier objective. Their DSLR lenses cover new lenses with motor and old Minolta film lenses without motor - They can't simply slap on a simple adaptor like the Olympus MMF - they have to fit a higher cost "LA-EA2 and the new LA-EA4 use Sony's 'Translucent Mirror Technology' to offer autofocus with all lenses." to make their DSLR lenses AF properly. Olympus and Panasonic have been seriously working hard to establish a catalogue of MFT lenses. Sony has an agreement with Zeiss and Zeiss take quite a while to make modern AF lenses (although their sharpness is legendary). Plus Zeiss don't aim to make budget lenses. The upshot is, Sony at launch time, has very few native FE mount full frame lenses. The few E mount lenses aren't full frame and the Alpha mount lenses need that expensive adapter. No doubt, Sony has talent, skill and knowledge to squeeze a full frame into a body not a lot bigger than the Olympus E-M1 - but look at those full frame lenses. They're quite big and bulky, and if not big, they are dark like f/4. And IS is not in body - if you want IS, you have to get a lens with IS. The one feature that the E-M1 has to really fight off is the body price - the cost of making such a tough body puts it into competition with the A7. We live in interesting times.
Have you ever thought about why most professional photographers choose to focus on a single type of photography? Such as "Wedding", "HDR", or "Landscape" photography. In my latest blog post I talk about pros and cons of this choice as discuss why I enjoy having a broader range of focus in the work that I do.
Sometimes, it's so bright, you can hardly keep your eyes open.
Got you guessing + luis fernandes One is a human street performer. The others are mannequins
Groan! + City of Melbourne I have one of the original Mykis - issued to my name and address. And I used to conscientiously keep the balance as low as possible, in case of loss or whatever. The other day, I needed a topup fast, my smaller notes were not working at the machine so I shoved in a higher value cash note. I thought, hey, doesn't hurt. So now I get an email saying: Your myki card will soon expire myki card 1: Expire: 29-Dec-13 Why on earth would myki want to expire a card? Why hasn't my card expired since it was issued but the system decides to expire it now? Why does #melbourne have the silliest ticketing and billing system this side of the black stump? It's a hindrance to users, to visitors and it's a hindrance to the state revenue collection. A lose-lose situation. #wtmyki #NotAReasonToVisitMelbourne
Has it been five years since this system started? Time to chuck out the system
Do you have the url for the transfer of funds online + Sam Lyon ?
Yup, we normally do it at the Glen Waverley Station. Myki I mean.
Play the original Super Mario online! Remember this? It's a me! Mario! Full Screen Mario is an online version of Super Mario created in HTML5. You can play through the original levels, play random levels or create your own levels!﻿ #ThrowbackThursday
Way to go! Convert those coins into a Sony A7R !!!!
Finally! Stoooopid HP Probook 4530s Core i5 notebook works with Windows 8.1. What a pain it has been. The story: The machine comes with Windows 7. Works fine. Then I installed Windows 8.0 in a vhd. Works fine too (or my human memory is bad). Anyway after some time, Windows 8.0 is going through age pains - some software allows Windows to boot fast but 5 mins or so later, the machine becomes laggy and unresponsive. And after another 30 secs, it works fine again. Must be some process or service that starts up and grabs CPU. So it's time to do a fresh reinstall. Hence Windows 8.1 - nice time to go ahead. And then I lose more than 2 weeks of playing time - Windows 8.1 keeps BSOD with IRQL_NOT_EQUAL - I try this and that and this and that and figure it's the Realtek RTL8188CE wifi driver. Try all kinds of things. Use the native Windows 8.1 one. Use the HP provided one downloaded from their website. Use the Realtek one from their website. Managed to copy out the one that works with Windows 8.0. No go. Then, finally, instead of trying these drivers, I nominate to "let me choose drivers from a list" - Windows gives me two. One that has the Realtek brand. Another that simply says "802.11n Wireless Card" - no brand. And guess what? That works. So, here's to anyone who encounters a similar issue. Oh, and the Windows 8.1 twist to recovering from BSOD that happens during startup. - It doesn't like to let you intervene. So, boot, BSOD, reboot, BSOD, reboot, BSOD. And then after the third time of BSOD, Windows 8.1 goes into Recovery and offers various options to switch OS, Recover, Reinstall or Safe Mode. No need to hit F8 or Shift like crazy during boot. #wifi #HPProbook #Probook4530s #windows81 #BSOD #Realtek #IRQL_NOT_EQUAL #RTL8188CE
I just had a nice ride. The Vantec UGT-UC312CB Expresscard to add USB 3.0 to the Probook (that has only USB 2.0) finally works. It is an older card, I got from MSY on reduced price and it did not work properly in Windows 7 and Windows 8.0 but it works this time in Windows 8.1 Next, I finally gave up on the lousy video output to external monitor from the Probook 4530s - I used VGA out, pale tones, HDMI, similar. Tried both the Intel 3000 Graphics and the AMD Radion Graphics built into the notebook but the external monitor was always washed out. I had a Core i5 notebook that is fast enough but could not output reasonable display for photo editing So I bought a Toshiba Dynadock 3 - this has USB 3.0 ports, USB 2.0 ports, Ethernet, DVI and HDMI output to two external monitors using the well known Displaylink graphics chip. And..... it works!
I was observing the PC market for a while. There are press reports about the shrinking of the PC market and thus the Windows market - hardware and software makers are having a disorganised, directionless time. 1. Microsoft is not showing prominent or good innovation or leadership in Windows. Windows 8 and Touch are reactive, not pro-active - they are reactions to the fact that touch light ARM devices are cheap, more exciting. Other than the Touch UI which is not mature yet, the Metro Tile apps, which are not mature yet, everything in Windows 8 is evolutionary and small steps - in the scheme of things, it's not gaining household attention. Mac was. 2. The hardware market has walked away from desktop boxes. And moved to notebooks. But then it has lost it's way. The Ultrabooks are Mac Air followers - and they cost 1500 to 2000 dollars when people have other things to do with their money - they can buy 4 tablets one for each member of the family for that. In contrast the $800 notebooks just aren't exciting at all - the materials look "old". And the $400 market is running Pentium dual cores or Atoms that are under powered for most things (but suitable for Chrome OS) At a time when the iPad Retina and the phones and tablets are reaching Retina display, Windows itself and the hardware are still selling 1366 pixel or 1920 pixel screens even though the screens are 15" or 24" The PC and Windows scenario feels old + Kwanghui Lim
Macs. Yes, I could look at that. But they and I don't enjoy each other's company.
When I was more frequent at Faculty of Law IT, we went through DEC, HP, IBM, ASUS, DELL. The current Monash preference is Dell. ASUS hit the corporate and educational org market with low price, newest features. They did not have a corporate line vs consumer line - HP, Dell have two different lines for corporate vs consumer. And HP, Dell have strong resellers who service and backup support, willing to hold full ready-to-go models in case the boss's machine dies - ASUS was not experienced with that kind of relationship. For bulk deploy, the consumer models are not consistent over 1 year in parts - consumer models keep changing parts to be the newest, while corporate models will be a headache to deploy if after a few months the mobo, and parts are different. Consumer models tended to be 16:9 gloss screens and corporate models tended to be 4:3 matte screens - but that has changed. Don't forget Toshiba. I just came back from Dick Smith and it looks like there is more in common across brands (moderate, unexciting stuff) than there are differences.
Just came past another JBHifi - there were some older model notebooks going for reduced price for my friend but unexciting. What was exciting was the MacBook Pro Retina - heaps of resolution, screen good enough for photo editing. Price as below 2000 but it is more worth it to pay for that than to pay 2000 for a Windows machine. However, I don't take to Mac OS....
Day 2 on the Fleurieu Peninsula From a sunrise at Encounter Bay, and down the west coast of the Peninsula. #Australia + Australia + PixelWorld curated by + Alberto Carreras #pixelworld #plusphotoextract curated by + Jarek Klimek + 1212Scenery curated by + Alycia Miller + Christopher Prins #1212scenery + Landscape Photography curated by + Margaret Tompkins + Carra Riley + paul t beard + David Heath Williams + Bill Wood + Jim Warthman + Ben T #LandscapePhotography + Landscape Photos curated by + Robert SKREINER #nikonshooters + HQSP Landscape curated by + Terrie Gray + Johnny Minor + Nicolai Neijhoft + Lani Banadera + Aamir Shahzad + Delcour Eric #hqsplandscape
I just signed out and signed into Gmail. The login page has changed, gmail is slow and the chat/hangout panel is broken. Is this only me, is there some bogus page or what?
G+ is slow but ok for me. But the impromptu Gmail sign on page changing just like that,sigh, cowboy behaviour
I don't use chat at all so nor worried if it takes time to come good + Samantha Vardanega Thanks for the confirmation on the new login page. I'm happy to accept any change in the UI of subsequent pages as part of the development and production style that Google carries out. But changing the login page without prior formal announcement or without a link to "more information" or a way to verify that "this is the real deal" is just not cool in terms of cultivating user consciousness of web page security.
Breaking: Nikon sues Sakar over Polaroid iM1836 Android camera. The dispute is more over the physical appearance of the camera, which resembles the Nikon 1 J1:
Thanks + David Washington - I understand if Apple and Samsung don't get along - they are both competing in the same market level and are suing the other guy could bring in millions of dollars. Suing Sakar won't get much money, so it's a slap in the face of a small company that has a slim chance of getting anywhere in the first place - it's just got the bully image.
There's more than one way to play the game. One way is to protect the ecosystem and make it proprietary. The other way is to supervise the ecosystem but invite / allow third parties so the ecosystem grows.
Take a deep breath, open the lock, let's see what's inside
Let me try Chris Helmsworth coming through in a hurry + Chris Faithfull ?
A bunch of photogs who stopped walking and overdid the dumplings + Evan Darcy
LOL, I think it looks nice without a cleanup + 'Pastiche - able'
Whale + Neil Howard + labhulal haridas glad to enjoyed it. Thanks for the plusses, all.
Of weathered complexion and furrowed brow...
Restyled + Margaret Wong + Paul Pavlinovich and defished. Lends itself to several alternative treatments I reckon
Awww shucks, thanks + Leigh Wheeler + Kära Cathryn I thought it would be too masculine and brutal a feel. Glad you like it.
Thanks to all for the plusses.
Oh thanks + David Washington - I've shot like this on earlier cameras and other scenes since my first digital of year 2000. But the result did not get anywhere - the texture would just succumb to the image noise or lack of detail. Affordable digital is getting more impressive.
Resolution is fundamental but so is optical clarity. I didn't realise it but I've transitioned to a different set of lenses over time. This little Samyang fish does wonders and it isn't high priced.
More from the Sea Sheperd fleet moored at Williamstown
Thanks + Kim Sinclair we just happened to see them in the distance and had a quick look
Didn't taste the flowers + Luster Lai maybe I should + Alison Christensen the lady said "special for you" + Evan Darcy daisies are great for decision making + Kära Cathryn thanks indeedly
Home made, not the mass produced stuff
There waits a ship for committed souls
Yes, this one, Steve Irwin, Bob Barker. Free tours on board too
#chasingthesun at Flemington - the one in Melbourne
Thanks + Kim Sinclair - I uploaded to the wrong album and even though I have moved it, the original post still stays. This won't move but hey, that's a thought - wonder if I can get a chasingthesun shot to move.
So, we had a choice of Laksa King or Cafe Lagenda on Pin Oak Crescent, Flemington - the lunch crowd had not arrived. My bro + Ronnie Sim decided on Cafe Lagenda - Fish Head Curry Laksa Meehoon, Pigs Trotters, Chinese Herbal Chicken Soup - Nice.
Yes, will have to go there again.
Melbourne has heaps of often-changing vistas of Street Art. + David Williams was just showing us two pieces that he had been waiting for. Coincidentally, I was spending time with my bro from out of town and happened on the same pieces.
Ah, I thought you had some long exposure activity? Oh, that was last night?
Last night, I had a dream. I was this determined dude with a table lamp. Don't ask me what colour the table lamp was, I dream in black and white...
The shot's typically Street style - imperfect, black and white but it fits the dreamy blur
You'll never get lost in Melbourne. Someone will tell you where to go...
LOL. I don't think the guy in the sunnies thought he was being told nicely...
Thanks + Shakuntala Devi It was a very bright day and 27 degrees C - very strong contrasts although not as warm in the tropics.
It's not sunny like yesterday, a time for love and reflection if you're not rushing off to work.
Lucky in that I am at work, getting income. So, the photo is to give peace to the mind.
A phone with a #curved screen has been launched by #Samsung : Rival manufacturer LG also plans to start producing similar models next year. What do you think of the design?
No, not that dimension + Lady Fran W - I'd use it was a wrap around. btw, what advantage does a curved screen have?
In sun and rain, we are thankful for the energy that delivers for what is life without energy? #cableicous + Cableicous
Ta + Lachlan Downing + Charles Strebor thank you indeed. Yes, rather like that look - at your favoured place as well - near the Eric Raven Reserve.
It is + Susan Menis I'm subtle that way...
Thanks + Leigh Wheeler the illusion of dark and light is quite nice this way. The off centre gives it a different signature. Thanks + Margaret Wong the colour one had shades of chroma around the outlines. Thanks + Glen Schlueter hope you are well. For those plusses much appreciated to all
Glad you found it interesting + Sally Soon + Walter Gawronski once in a while it works
Thanks + Rob R + D. Travis North praise indeed coming from you
Thanks + David Williams a pause for reflection while I wait for my visiting brother is good.
Look Ma, I took a picture of the Shot Tower
I guess I better watch my back for + Detective Services stalking me then
It's I guess the aim of the sign and a reflective of the incident - I'm into a context and interpretation phase
+ Craig Francisco glad you like the idea. + Mike Disbury what hot chick? All I see is that Shot Tower. It's massive.
And he has huge umbrellas + Queenie Moo
+ Mr. Jiggs opened my eyes to the Genius contained in this video. WATCH IT!!! #winning
Whatever's on the other end of the smartphone, give it the toss, they're just not worth it, girl.
LOL + Stef Jn , if hubby marah, serve him some gulai pisang. + Simon Wilson the boy looks like he's getting a "walls to keep the rabbits out" talk.
Put the phone down! Creepy Doll on the other end....
LOL. When the subject is that good looking and well dressed + David Williams I might not mind a collision
Two of the hardest working and most talented photographers I have the pleasure to know locally. + George Darsas + Queenie Moo Thanks heaps for the great interaction, opportunity and exchange of learning. Really fits the motto that Charles Wright gave to me Ancora Imparo Tutti Qualcosa Da Imparare
And really fine results too + Nat King
My knowledge? The two of you have taught me so much in this experience. Not just tech but as I often say, the operational details of just doing the work and how hard you have to work.
Tell me what you think! Now! I'm seeing more and more posts with a title and about 50 lines of hash tags mentioning the entire universe of image sharing. Do mediocre images become better by sharing them with more people?
Men and Women take the time to put on the the gloss and shine. The least we can do is to celebrate their efforts. Thanks to + Queenie Moo and + George Darsas for the opportunity and + Lady Fran W for the fun on the day. For #shoesmonday + Shoes Monday + Laura Harding + Mee Ming Wong + Mee Ming Wong + Carmen Schmidt + Erwin Vindl + Thomas Andersen + Paul Wright + Olga Kafka
Thanks all. I + Kamal Tailor I had not thought that blue shoes would go that well with the white or off white wedding dress. It does. + Nat King the red nail polish did not go un noticed, yes, um. It certainly adds colour contrast.
Thanks + Leigh Wheeler - Angie says they they are high but super comfortable. She felt she could walk these for ages in City. We'll have to ask where she got them
Thanks + Erwin Vindl - I don't post as much to the Shoes Monday theme but whenever I find an interesting one, I am motivated. Thanks for having a look.
A different angle to the normal top down or at level view of the flowers at Floriade.
+ Stef Jn it's amazing how steady concentration, perseverance, plus inherent talent is coming through in our circle of friends. sungguh cantik.
Goodnight. Remember to save some daylight today
Flock of birds coming through Heaven's Gate to guide one through? + Kim Sinclair
Butterflies they are at the Glen
I had trouble functioning early this morning - guess the body cycle is still 1 hour behind.
One for + Ananda Sim and his idea of #chasingthesun A tree at Moonlight Head off the Great Ocean Road.
It's in my profile + Mark Hales I'll put it here when I'm on a computer next
Am I allowed to do seconds + Alison Christensen #hereiamtoday + Levi Moore + Queenie Moo have not made progress on the Peripatetic Jew
Don't worry + Queenie Moo In the background is the weed. Al encouraged us to participate in a theme
Ah + Stef Jn - Wisteria. Very hardy. Never take care of it or water it. Yet every spring, produces those flowers and then lots of green leaves. Very strong creeper that is flexible then becomes strong woody basket. Have to prune it at least once a year.
Yes, that is the perverseness of human kind and plant life + Dawn Ellen Miller
Good morning + Gatto NineNineNine ! + Simon Wilson Bubur ChaCha is a sweet dessert porridge + Jackie M will be able to whip up one or show you how to make one. I'm partial to that or the Pulut Hitam which is a dessert black rice porridge served with santan (coconut milk) on the top.
I think the modern fashion is to add some dried mandarin peel and longan even. I just like the classic with lots of content rather than the watery gruel that some shops produce.
Hi + Leigh Wheeler + Kamal Tailor I found it was hard for me to take selfies with the forward facing phone came - my eyesight is not that good and I concentrate too hard.
Close your eyes + HK Lam and don't turn around otherwise + Creepy Doll will get you.
Is there another place for authentic Penang laksa + HK Lam ? Lim said the cost of operations was too high in that Syndal corner - I think they are not the new fashion eating shop in Kingsway type for young adults which has a high turnover
Malaysia fest at Vicmart this Sunday I hear
If archeaologists dig up our remains, they will unearth lots of people holding mobile phones. And a progressively smaller volume of people stubbing out their cigarettes...
We all die sooner or later, it is inevitable + Damion Brown + Mathieu Gasquet - it is how we view death and how we view life that differentiates us. I did not spend time in thought for me or the people around me before my 40s. And then things change.
Camera is better than mobile phone + Stef Jn
When the spray is spent, when the inspiration is exhausted, then shall we party like no other...
I saw this video and I do not understand Japanese, so asked a Japanese speaking friend to give me the gist of it. It's a long video on the #Olympus #OM-D #EM-1 but what surprised me is the legit movie. Yes, it is a movie. I don't know whether it is shot with an Olympus camera. My friend says: "The movie in the middle is a "Concept Movie & Drama" for Olympus titled "Heart Shutter". The girl, Aya Aoshima, is a 21 year old university student who has her 22nd birthday in the video. Her father is a photography buff so she takes after him. Her mother passed away when she was 6 years-old. I suspect the movie's title was taken from the girl's statement at various points during the movie : "when my heart is moved I activate my camera shutter (i.e. I take a photo)". From the 10th minute onwards she is looking for a job and attending job interviews (Japanese companies interview students before graduation). After conversation with her father about jobs the father takes a portrait photo of her in her "business suit" for job application. Anyway the story goes on and on. Basically it has a photography theme. Towards the end the girl and her father go to visit the mother's grave. The girl gets a phone call to say her job interview was successful. It was the company which her father took a photo of (see the recurring photography theme ?). The father sees visions of the girl's dead mother and has recollections. After the visit to the grave father and daughter have a picnic. The girl also reminisces about her mother and realizes why she feels happy whenever she looks at the sky - it was because when she was little she stood there looking at the sky with her mother and her mother said "Soon I will be going to the sky but don't be worried. I will continue to watch over you from there". The movie ends with the girl snapping a photo of the scenery. There is a growing trend for Japanese companies to produce "theme" movies for their products. In this case the Olympus movie has got a running photography theme and the actors all use Olympus cameras. + Olympus AU + Damian McGillicuddy + Rene Modesto + Olympus OM-D + Olympus + Giulio Sciorio
Appreciate you compliments + David Washington I try to steer the Middle Path (Pali: majjhimā paṭipadā;)
I see Sony have a potential winner in the zoom lens 1" sensor camera. That one is easier to win, no legacy or burden or old gear or need to design new gear
Sony has always been good at inspiring #GAS They make these bodies look desirable. The big points: The possibility of handling high ISO as normal, say ISO 6400, without painful noise. The ability to fit crusty old film MF lenses (with fringing and reduced contrast risk) on a digital body without crop factor. The downside: From recent history of NEX and Alpha, modern lenses will be few, expensive, bulky and heavy or dark and small. I just saw your preview video: You said the same things.
+ Steve Ghayouri if you think that will be lopsided, wait till you see my DSLR 7-14mm + MMF adapter on that body. LOL
+ Gordon Laing wonder what the performance and the price of that 12-35 will be separately. I've been looking for an affordable, convenient, fair performance 12 prime or 12 zoom.... but so far have not taken the bait. The 12-40mm from Olympus is my current favourite - good optical performance, bright f/2.8 but need to save quite a bit to get that.
Or go nonchalant and pop on the #bodycaplens + Gordon Laing
Yummy looking. If you used the 75mm, you would have to shoot from the next table.
Impressed by the architectural shots
Sony has always been good at inspiring #GAS They make these bodies look desirable. The big points: The possibility of handling high ISO as normal, say ISO 6400, without painful noise. The ability to fit crusty old film MF lenses (with fringing and reduced contrast risk) on a digital body without crop factor. The downside: From recent history of NEX and Alpha, modern lenses will be few, expensive, bulky and heavy or dark and small. I just saw your preview video: You said the same things.
+ Steve Ghayouri if you think that will be lopsided, wait till you see my DSLR 7-14mm + MMF adapter on that body. LOL
+ Gordon Laing wonder what the performance and the price of that 12-35 will be separately. I've been looking for an affordable, convenient, fair performance 12 prime or 12 zoom.... but so far have not taken the bait. The 12-40mm from Olympus is my current favourite - good optical performance, bright f/2.8 but need to save quite a bit to get that.
Or go nonchalant and pop on the #bodycaplens + Gordon Laing
Yummy looking. If you used the 75mm, you would have to shoot from the next table.
Impressed by the architectural shots
And darkens the sky unevenly - in this case you can see a vignette - that's fine with me but some people don't like it.
To me, the differences are: 1. Sony full frame modern AF lenses will be huge and by implication, expensive (often made by Zeiss who don't make cheap lenses). Yes they hide it by making the lens f/2.8 and f/4 but in this bokeh hungry world, extremists will soon ask for f/2 even if it is full frame. 2. Sony full frame allows you to use your old nostalgia film SLR MF lenses without crop factor. And Leica M lenses. Do you really want to? Buy quite an expensive body and use lenses that are designed in the past to lower performance goals - and after initial thrill, really they are MF. 3. The Sony is full frame so gorgeous ISO 6400 and lots of MP a raw file that will stand more torture from photo editing on the computer.
I like Olympus the company policy, how they design and price their lenses and their policy how they price their PEN bodies. I would like the tech to make ISO 3200 - 6400 easily acceptable. Now, I already accept ISO 800 to ISO 1600.
LOL. I just remembered Robin took a photo of me with the PEN E-PL1 (not working anymore)
