What's your thought on the New Sony A7/7R Full frame mirrorless, is this a good news? Do share your thought with us.
Children Of The Dump. For the scavenger children of Indonesia’s largest rubbish dump, building a career outside the place may be a life ambition harder won than for many others. But that hasn’t stopped 11-year-old Nurafidah, who spends her mornings in school and her afternoons sorting plastic, from dreaming of becoming a chef. “I want to reach my goals. I want to be successful and help my parents build their own home, and have my own home one day,” she says. She is not alone. Many children of the dump are sure they want to be doctors, midwives and in the police force. Some hope to be in the military, others want to be singers. Location : Ambarawa, Semarang, Indonesia. PENTAX K-5 #streetphotography #povertysolutions .
The Pros and Cons of coffee: . Just remember--everything in moderation.
gDayX is a community-organized event supported by Google and inspired by g|Malaysia day. Kuala Lumpur Kota Kinabalu The gDayX experience @ KL and @ KK will bring together students, startups, entrepreneurs, business owners and professionals to learn, share and discuss about Google tools. The event is free, so register today!
Hey + Roshan Sembacuttiaratchy do you free to join us? We can do some landscapes and cityscapes photography before or after the event, too. Perhaps, some dancing, too. xD﻿ + Chin Lonny + Jonny Lim + KY Wong + Gene C + howard ho
So, you all (hopefully) saw my photos yesterday; if you didn't, you may have seen the media coverage about my employer, Google Australia, installing 2 monorail carriages in our new office space yesterday (e.g. ) Now! For those of you who don't know, confession (and story!) time: this was my fault. At Google, we have (like most large companies do) an internal ticketing system for keeping track of jobs for our building management team ('Facilities', or 'REWS'). This system is usually populated with requests like, you know, 'the door on level X isn't working properly' or 'the pinball machine isn't working' or 'you know what would be awesome? An electric keyboard. We don't have one, can you buy us one please?' or whatever (all real, recent examples, which all got 'fixed'). Sometimes, though, this ticket system is abused by idiots* trying to be funny. One such example of this was at the start of this year, when one particular idiot† submitted a ticket into this system pointing out that the NSW and Sydney governments had finally announced their long-anticipated plan to remove and scrap Sydney's defunct, expensive-but-useless monorail ( — a classic 'white elephant'). At the time, Google Australia had spread from one office building in Pyrmont to two, and there were rumours of a third coming soon, so this idiot suggested that maybe Google should buy the monorail and install it between the three buildings in a loop, because we're lazy and besides how cool would it be to have a monorail. Everyone had a chuckle at this lame joke, and then that was it, until a particularly awesome member of our Facilities team, Alecia, replied to the ticket, giving an hilarious and clever feasibility study as to why purchasing the monorail would be a bad plan (and yes, it did include the phrase "more of a Shelbyville idea"). This reply (which I wish I could share with you, but if nothing else it's filled with Google in-jokes and wouldn't make sense to you all) elevated my stupid facilities ticket into legendary status, where it did the rounds of Google and after about a week I think the whole company had seen it. Joke dies down, everyone's happy. Until about 3 months ago. About 3 months ago, Alecia sent me an IM saying "Are you free for a meeting now? And by meeting, I mean 'road trip'." Naturally, I was. I arrived at Alecia's desk (Alecia: "I love that I say 'road trip' and you just turn up without asking what it is."), and we head off. Eventually I ask what we're actually doing, and another colleague who was in on the plan tells me: "Monorail shopping!" Sure enough, Alecia takes us out to a junkyard near the airport, and we all help choose which two monorail carriages we want to purchase and install as meeting rooms in One Darling Island, our new workspace in Sydney (the aforementioned rumoured third building). Eventually, this brings us to what happened yesterday. After an months of Herculean logistics (and, I'm quite sure, horrifying expense; the SMH article linked above estimates the costs of the installation at $250,000, though I have no idea if that's accurate), yesterday our 2 monorail carriages were brought to the office, and very carefully (I heard tell that the '20cm of clearance' figure in the SMH article was actually an OVER-estimate) lifted into place, where they will become 3 meeting rooms (each carriage will be its own room, and then there will be another casual meeting area at the back)‡. HOW COOL IS THAT??!? Anyway, check out the linked article - the timelapse footage isn't brilliant, but it will give you an idea of the logistics involved (we actually took some footage of our own, hopefully I can share that with you soon). So: next time I tell you (as I regularly do) that working at Google is like working at Wonka's Chocolate Factory: remember, I once made a stupid joke about buying a monorail, and MY COMPANY DID IT FOR ME. I bet not many of you can say that§. * generally, me. † specifically, me. ‡ you, all being nerds, will be delighted to know that the meeting rooms are to be named "Brockway", "Ogdenville", and "North Haverbrook". § my guess: zero.
Who made the Android logo? "Irina Blok may have drawn one of the most recognized logos in the world, but her association with the green Android has not made her famous. Blok can think of only one incident when she garnered the public’s attention for designing it. In 2010, she and her 6-year-old daughter were in a movie theater waiting for 'Alice in Wonderland' to begin when an Android logo flashed on the screen. Her daughter, Blok recalls, suddenly stood up and yelled, 'My mommy invented that!' Everyone in the row in front of them turned around to stare. Blok was so embarrassed, she says, that she sank down behind her tub of popcorn." More: Illustrations by Google.
Operation "Fusion Star" Yekaterinburg, Russia , October 5-6, 2013. The first big cross-faction operation in Yekaterinburg. Two weeks of preparations: • Collect 1400 portals keys • Coverıng the cıty by two fields, blue and green, in order to protect the area from random links. • Preparing portals and breaking cross-links The active phase of the operation took 12 hours. 8 cross-faction crews cleande, deployed and linked the city. Finally 1214 portals are connected to 2 portals: 607 green and 607 blue. (We claim it for a world record) Central nodes are selected in the old town: "Monument Tatischev and de Gennin" (Monument to the founders of the city) https://www.ingress.com/intel?ll=56.838155,60.605768&z=17&pll=56.838155,60.605768 "Water Tower" - a symbol of Yekaterinburg (architectural monument of the late XIX century) https://www.ingress.com/intel?ll=56.837962,60.605371&z=17&pll=56.837962,60.605371 The operation was performed by 27 agents: Idea:@Toxyd Coordinators:@Raspberries, @wRAR, @Toxyd Agents: Resistance:@Toxyd,@yousolucky, @HedgeFish, @johnrea, @AlexXZ, @wRAR, @Steelynx, @Pavluntig, @KidTM, @bankai404, @danyazi, @SirCromwell, @Silveri, @Evgeniya27 Enlightened:@Ivelok, @Raspberries, @Fumo696, @MexaHuk92, @Vanbah, @GidroPonik, @MegaZet, @Wolonter, @diffurchik, @LiRiK, @Veskit, @jserov96 Intel Coordinator:@IZoSim + Ingress + Anne Beuttenmüller + Brandon Badger + Joe Philley + Niantic Project #ingress #ingressreport #russia #yekaterinburg
Don't feel sorry about that bro + Lokman Baharudin Perhaps we could arrange a street outing when you're free. What say you?
Cool! + Lokman Baharudin Let's do one. =P Which one you prefer? Street shooting in Petaling Street/downtown or still life and bird hunt in Lake Garden and Bird park?
+ KY Wong make sure you not ffk again if we do on Saturday. But not sure + Lokman Baharudin free on Saturday or not ... If street we can do at Saturday evening walk.
+ Lokman Baharudin How about next month? You decide the date. We make it MPC outing, what say you?
Oh no man + KY Wong MPC 1st anniversary is on Dec 7th, we're having awesome plan on that day leh!!!
ALOHA! A warm greeting to dearest MPC members! We see we are currently having fireworks fever in conjunction with the Putrajaya Fireworks Competition 2013! With the 50th Malaysia Day approaching, why not we double up on the fun by getting closer together in the spirit of integration and national unity under the colourful sky? Shall we gather up for a dinner and have a photo outing of fireworks, also awesome night landscapes/cityscapes of Malaysia. Now, who is in? -- Itinerary - 1900h: Meet up and makan malam together in Bumbu Bali Puchong. (Optional) - 2000h: Heading to Putrajaya for Program A (landscapes and building photography) - 2230h: Break into small group and prepare for Program B (fireworks shooting). - 0030h: Meet at Cyberjaya Pelita chit chat and supper. (Optional) * For those who not joining us dinner at Bumbu Bali Puchong, we meet at Putrajaya (Wawasan Bridge, near Precinct 2) Do invite/share this outing with your circles/friends and family. Let's celebrate Malaysian Day and enjoy photography together. Cheers !!!
... But while we think of the past, we look forward in faith and hope to the future; from henceforth we are masters of our destiny, and the welfare of this beloved land is our own responsibility: Let no one think we have reached the end of the road: Independence is indeed a milestone, but it is only the threshold to high endeavour-the creation of a new and sovereign State. At this solemn moment therefore I call upon you all to dedicate yourselves to the service of the new Malaya: to work and strive with hand and brain to create a new nation, inspired by the ideals of justice and liberty-a beacon of light in a disturbed and distracted world. High confidence has been reposed in us; let us unitedly face the challenge of the years. And so with remembrance for the past, and with confidence in the future, under the providence of God, we shall succeed. ... with God's blessing shall be for ever a sovereign democratic and independent State founded upon the principles of liberty and justice and ever seeking the welfare and happiness of its people and the maintenance of a just peace among all nations. -by Tunku Abdul Rahman (First prime minster of Malaysia, Father of Independence) (Proclamation of Independence, Merdeka Stadium, Kuala Lumpur, 31 August 1957) Selamat Hari Kemerdekaan (Happy 56th Independence day) to all Malaysians and our beloved Malaysia.
Is he asking for Change, or is he asking for CHANGE? Follow a man as he affects multiple peoples' lives with just one dollar, proving that it doesn't take much to be the change in someone's life. by + Sharon Wright #sharingiscaring . And this is what Google+ is all about.
This shot was taken during BERSIH 3.0 rally last year. About BERSIH, please read:
+ Joshua Teoh Nope, I've tweaked the color just a bit.
+ Melissa Lim lol ~ Really? I think you can start a zoo at home liao. This is not mine btw. =P
Yes, this is real. + Shakuntala Devi FYI, he is always around Bukit Bintang area of Malaysia. He is not a handicapped people or people with disability, but a "professional" beggar.
Cool. Ya, you are right about that, quite a number of pubs and bars in that area, especially at Changkat road there.
+ Nuraini Ghaifullah FYI, this shot was taken with fisheye (which has 180 degree of FOV), and the distance between the stigma of the hibiscus and the fisheye was less than 1cm if am not mistaken. I just wanna to try out something new and special with my fisheye that day, perhaps it's not a right glass/practical lens for shooting flower ... But am quite enjoy/happy with the images that I've taken during my one hour walk with only one camera and one lens in an unknown place which only has one street. To me, things that distracting me here are the black pillar on the right and the lens flare on the bottom left of the image. If I could, I prefer re-take the photo instead of PP it away. Anyway, Thanks for the comment, it's good/healthy to have interaction like this instead of +1 social style IMHO. Cheers!
+ Melanie Lim Haha ~ Ya la, you pandai larr. But it's still me, inside. No matter 2011 or NOW, there is no "expiration date" in my photography btw.
Ya, poor thing. =(
My fellow community members, thank you everyone for your support and being part of Malaysia Photography Community. Do share MPC with your circles or invite your friends to join us if you think MPC is a cool place to share ideas and photography, a sharing community for you and me. Don't forget to circle our page + Malaysia Photography Community (MPC) , too. Thank you and have a nice day. Cheers!
