Hell yes + Nathaniel Hourt . Very well said. Elizabeth Warren starts from the premise that the government owns you and owns everything that you produce.
I agree + Jeffrey Price . She seems to suggest that a successful factory would be impossible without the government, but the fact of the matter is, government would not be possible without the successful factory.
+ Roger Gibbens , Obama said something similar after Elizabeth Warren said the quote above while running for Senate in Mass.
+ Larry Farmer "Furthermore, none has the right to block the will of the majority regardless of much we dislike it." Democracy is two wolves and a lamb voting on what's for dinner. Democracy, without individual rights, is mob rule. That's why we are a Constitutional Republic, not a democracy. We are not the government. The government is a group of rich, well connected people that will sell their soul for another term in office. Special interests control government, not us.
+ Paul Pennell I also worked in the commercial banking industry leading up to the financial crash. I can tell you that government subsidized loans and/or government guarantees were used to lend money to people that would have not been able to get financing without the guarantee or subsidy. This leads to malinvestment and sends inaccurate economic signals to businesses and investors.
+ Larry Farmer Who is calling names? I am certainly not. I quoted you directly: "Furthermore, none has the right to block the will of the majority regardless of much we dislike it." To me that sounds like you favor direct democracy with no rights for individuals (the smallest minority on earth). If none has the right to block the will of the majority, then 51% of the people could vote to murder me, and I would have no rights what-so-ever.
This might be a dumb question. Is USB 3.0 backwards compatible? If so, what is the point of having only 2 x USB 3.0 and 4 x USB 2.0 ports on this PC?
Thanks + Andrew Head . So what would be the point in having any USB 2.0 ports on this machine?
