+ Gordon Laing If you get a chance, please get a picture of it with the 7-14mm f/4 attached. I have a feeling it's going to look extremely lopsided ;)
So, what do you think + Gordon Laing ? I know you've been loving your Micro 4/3 system for a while now. Does Sony bring enough to the table to make you switch systems?
Exciting news in the camera world today. Sony announced their new full frame mirrorless system, and it looks like they might have a big hit on their hands. The cheaper A7 body is actually the same price I paid for my Canon 7D back in the day, and that was a cropped sensor! That being said, the lack of in-body stabilization bums me out. I guess nobody's perfect I'll be sticking with my E-M5 for the time being. #sonya7 #sonya7r #mirrorless #photography
One of these cameras has a sensor four times bigger than the other I've been playing with the new Sony Alpha A7 and A7r today and thought it would be fun to take a photo of it next to the Olympus OMD EM5 with a roughly similar lens. So on the left you have a full-frame camera with a 35mm f2.8 lens and on the right you have a M4/3 camera with a 17mm f1.8 lens, equivalent to 34mm in coverage and f3.6 in depth of field. So even though the combo on the left is 'only' f2.8, the depth of field is actually shallower, if that's the sort of thing which turns you on. But in terms of exposure the combo on the right when wide open will allow you to use lower ISOs or faster shutter speeds under the same conditions. BUT the combo on the left has a sensor four times bigger, so its higher ISO should be much cleaner. But the combo on the right doesn't need to work so hard to deliver a sharp image into the corners. But the one on the left has over twice the total Megapixels! Phew, there's loads to weigh up, but there's no denying the new Alpha A7 and A7r are impressively compact. I just hope the lenses deliver the goods in practice. I'll be updating my preview with first impressions soon, but in the meantime the core details are ready for you at: cc + Sony
Exciting news in the camera world today. Sony announced their new full frame mirrorless system, and it looks like they might have a big hit on their hands. The cheaper A7 body is actually the same price I paid for my Canon 7D back in the day, and that was a cropped sensor! That being said, the lack of in-body stabilization bums me out. I guess nobody's perfect I'll be sticking with my E-M5 for the time being. #sonya7 #sonya7r #mirrorless #photography
Yup, a whole new lens system on top of the ~$2k for the bodies. All-in, you're looking at a European vacation in terms of cost. Nobody said this was a cheap hobby, haha.
What's strange is that it uses the same E-mount as the NEX cameras. You can directly mount an NEX lens onto this camera, and you'll get a cropped image. Obviously they were thinking ahead when they designed the E-Mount. That being said, it's definitely a bummer for owners of Alpha SLT cameras because their A-mount lenses won't work without an adapter. Sony is not afraid to fragment their camera lines. They now offer three different lens types. Perhaps a word of caution for those looking to invest a lot of money into a Sony system.
Yes, I used "type" loosely, counting E-mount full frame/crop frame as two different types.
That's what I get for trying to sneak one past the German guy ;)
Haha, yeah, I chuckled a bit when he said, "the A7 is aimed at the family user" which sounded a bit optimistic. To me, these are serious cameras at very serious prices.
A really nice breakdown of the top photo storage/hosting solutions out there.
The newest addition to my 500px portfolio! Taken at Descanso Gardens in La Cañada Flintridge, California during the Spring cherry blossom festival. #500px #photography #descansogardens #flowers #flowerphotography
Getting nostalgic for some of my old pictures. Took this photo back in '08. You can tell by the background that it isn't your average motorsports venue. The event was held in the middle of the shipyard in the Port of Los Angeles! So cool! Unfortunately, however, they never held the event there again.
People ask me all the time about what kind of camera gear I walk around with when we travel. Here it is. I've had an Olympus OM-D E-M5 for about a year now and it has exceeded all of my expectations! As for lenses, I have (from left-to-right) an Olympus 40-150mm, Leica 25mm f/1.4, Panasonic 7-14mm f/4, and Olympus 45mm f/1.8. I added an SD card in there for scale. And for those nerdy enough to be interested in full-frame equivalency, the camera has a 2x crop factor. So, for example, my 25mm lens is effectively a 50mm full-frame equivalent. I finally sold my Canon 7D, as I had used it only once in the past year. I don't really miss it at all. Having a smaller camera has been an absolute pleasure and I find myself grabbing my OM-D on my way out the door way more than I ever did with the Canon. Anyway, I can wax poetic about it forever. I'll spare you. Feel free, however, to ask me anything regarding anything photographic. I can blabber on for days ;)
Very impressive-looking new camera from Panasonic. It looks like it checks off all the boxes you would want out of a modern mirrorless interchangeable-lens camera. Tiltable viewfinder and screen, in-body image stabilization, 1080p 60p video, touch screen, WiFi, NFC, 1/8000 shutter speed, fast focusing, and cool retro styling (subjective). But that price! $999 for the body alone. I'm guessing it'll probably drop a bit within a few months. But, in the mean time, if you have the cash burning a hole in your pocket, it looks like a damn good camera. #panasonicgx7 #gx7 #photography #cameras #lumixgx7
Went through a website redesign yesterday. I think the new layout looks really nice, especially on mobile browsers. I sometimes wonder why I even have a photography website anymore, but it still serves as a nice central repository for viewing and printing photos for myself and my family. It's kind of weird when you realize that a decade of your life can more-or-less be summed up on one web page.
Smugmug announced a huge overhaul of their entire site engine today. Pretty exciting, though I'm debating the value of it considering what Flickr has done for free. Still, nobody out there even comes close to Smugmug's customization and printing options. #smugmug #flickr #photography #digitalphotography
This is probably a skill every kid can benefit from. Basically, you're teaching them to use logic to solve problems.
Flickr just gave everybody a Terabyte of space for free. Wow! Not to mention, their new interface is slick! Maybe I can finally ditch SmugMug. #flickr #smugmug
I guess I'm so immune to ads I didn't notice. I only see them on the home page but not in the sets/photostream. Either way, I can live with it. The thing I don't like is they still have very limited printing options, which is where SmugMug excels.
L'Isle-sur-la-Sorgue (Provence), France. Thanks to + Toby Wallwork for inviting me to the community!
Lewis Hamilton, Team Vodafone McLaren Mercedes in hot pursuit of Sebastian Vettel, Team Red Bull Renault. Full gallery here: #500px #photography #formula1 #racing #canon7d #sebastianvettel #lewishamilton
I know time lapse videos have been done to death, but this one is extremely well done. A must-see for any Chicagoan. #chicago #timelapse #timelapsephotography #photography
I suppose you can see it that way. I like to think of it as the modern equivalent to the "Ken Burns Effect".
Wow, this is huge news for people who travel overseas. Couple this with the fact that Verizon doesn't charge for WiFi tethering or Facetime over cellular, this is a huge slam dunk for Verizon iPhone users. #iphone5 #verizon
"Hey guys, I don't have Instagram, but I just wanted to let you know that I had oatmeal for breakfast. No sugar, mixed with water." - Reddit. I LOLed.
Gotta love the Interwebs. A new blog has already popped up laughing at some of the hilariousness of the new iPhone Maps. Personally, I updated my work iPhone 4 this morning. I noticed that there seems to be a lot less traffic information than before. Maybe I'm imagining it. #ios6maps #ios6 #iphone
I realize most Samsung commercials are pretty cringe-worthy, but this one was actually entertaining and funny. I'm sure I'll get some hate for this, but I really think they touched a few nerves on this one. #samsunggalaxys3 #samsungvsapple #iphone5 #apple
So, is this Hollywood's fault or is it the fault of those buying the tickets? Either way, it's sad to see. #movies #hollywood
Photo nerds--Here's a nice breakdown of the best stuff announced at Photokina this week. #photokina2012 #photography #cameras
Agreed! I'm shocked that they fit a full frame sensor in a camera the size of most micro four-thirds bodies. That being said, I'm sure it's mainly due to the fixed lens. I can't imaging they could get that kind of miniaturization if they were forced to use an interchangeable lens mount.
Thanks for the link, I had not seen that. Great piece of engineering. It was an awesome Photokina this year, but it only makes me impatient for next year, when all this cool tech trickles down.
This is huge news for me. I've been using Nik Software products for several years now (Color Efex Pro to be specific). I couldn't care less what Google does with Snapseed, but keep your hands off my Color Efex Pro!
Hot off the heels of last week's Nikon D600, here is Canon's answer. An "affordable" full frame (35mm sensor) DSLR. I'm not sure I would call $2099 affordable, but it's cheaper than they used to be. Regardless, I like to see the downward trend. #canon6d #photography #canon
It should be noted that this is the first Canon DSLR with built-in WiFi and GPS, so the images can be instantly geotagged and transferred to your cell phone or computer.
It's crazy to think I bought my first Digital Rebel almost seven years ago. It's also great to think about how much better the entry-level DSLRs have become over the years. I mean, they are REALLY good. #canont4i #canonrebelt4i #rebelt4i #photography
If you're referring to the Canon Rebel XSi, then yes, this new T4i is a much better and newer camera. The XSi was released back in 2008.
They are similar but a bit smaller. They are interchangeable lens cameras. Their weight depends on what lens is attached.
A jellyfish "in flight" at the Aquarium of the Pacific in Long Beach, CA. Taken with an Olympus OM-D E-M5 with Panasonic Leica DG Summilux 25mm lens, edited in Lightroom. #500px #jellyfish #jellies #photography #aquariumofthepacific #olympusomd #omd #longbeach
Ah yes, I've been meaning to write a post about this. A few months ago I got an OM-D and sold my GX1 on eBay (luckily I can still use my lenses). Anyhow, I realized that I had all prime lenses and I really missed optical stabilization. Since Panasonic only puts it in their zoom lenses, my only other option was Olympus since they put the stabilization inside the body. The OM-D is a pretty amazing camera and I'm glad I made the switch. The optical stabilization works like a dream, especially for video! The EVF is nice to have as well.
Yesterday, my Chicago Skyline photo hit "Popular" status on 500px along with my shot of Christ Church Cathedral in Dublin. That's pretty cool! It's nice to see some of my older images get a new lease on life. Anyway, here's one of my favorites from Barcelona--one of the famous "Gaudí Houses". #500px #barcelona #europe #photography #casabatllo #antonigaudí #travel
In my opinion, Chicago has one of the world's greatest skylines. Not only has this easily become one of my favorites but it also has become a favorite around my office among some of the former Chicagoans. I've seen it on more than a couple desktop wallpapers My strongest memory of this photo was simply how bitterly cold it was when I took it. My wife and daughter were with me at the time and they were such troopers as they waited in the freezing cold for dad to set up the gorillapod over and over again along the railing. At the time I was worried it was a waste of time, but now I know the results were worth it. Taken with a Canon 7D with Canon 10-22mm lens with a Gorillapod. Edited in Lightroom. #500px #chicago #photography #travel #lightroom #illinois #canon7d #canon
This is the first cell phone I've seen with real, hardware-based, optical stabilization built into the camera. Maybe it's time for me to start paying closer attention to Windows Phone? Nahh ;) #windowsphone8 #lumia920 #nokia #microsoft
So I joined 500px yesterday. It's kinda nice because it gives me a chance to post some of my favorite photos from the past. Here's one I took in Rome, across the street from the Colosseum. My favorite part is when you look closely, you'll notice some of the light streaks are much higher than the others--obviously from a bus. I've always said, one of the coolest experiences is getting off the subway at the Colosseo stop, going up the escalator, and getting your first glimpse of the iconic site right across the street. I've been there twice already, I'd love to take Mila there someday. Taken with a Canon 50D, Canon 17-55mm f/2.8 lens, and a Gorillapod. Edited in Lightroom. #500px #photography #travel #rome #europe #lightroom
I'm thinking about giving 500px a shot. Has anybody tried it?
Thanks Brent! I guess I'm not really concerned with monetizing, I just want a place other than FB and G+ where I can actually share images and hope for them to be seen. Also, I have such a large back-catalog of favorite images now that I would love to re-share them somewhere worthwhile.
Yup, a whole new lens system on top of the ~$2k for the bodies. All-in, you're looking at a European vacation in terms of cost. Nobody said this was a cheap hobby, haha.
What's strange is that it uses the same E-mount as the NEX cameras. You can directly mount an NEX lens onto this camera, and you'll get a cropped image. Obviously they were thinking ahead when they designed the E-Mount. That being said, it's definitely a bummer for owners of Alpha SLT cameras because their A-mount lenses won't work without an adapter. Sony is not afraid to fragment their camera lines. They now offer three different lens types. Perhaps a word of caution for those looking to invest a lot of money into a Sony system.
Yes, I used "type" loosely, counting E-mount full frame/crop frame as two different types.
That's what I get for trying to sneak one past the German guy ;)
Haha, yeah, I chuckled a bit when he said, "the A7 is aimed at the family user" which sounded a bit optimistic. To me, these are serious cameras at very serious prices.
+ Gordon Laing If you get a chance, please get a picture of it with the 7-14mm f/4 attached. I have a feeling it's going to look extremely lopsided ;)
So, what do you think + Gordon Laing ? I know you've been loving your Micro 4/3 system for a while now. Does Sony bring enough to the table to make you switch systems?
+ Gordon Laing If you get a chance, please get a picture of it with the 7-14mm f/4 attached. I have a feeling it's going to look extremely lopsided ;)
So, what do you think + Gordon Laing ? I know you've been loving your Micro 4/3 system for a while now. Does Sony bring enough to the table to make you switch systems?
