So happy to see + Sony investing heavily in their photography division. Their recent innovations are simply stunning. Even though I was an early adopter of Sony's fledgling translucent mirror tech with the A55, I'm still quite happy with my camera.
So happy to see + Sony investing heavily in their photography division. Their recent innovations are simply stunning. Even though I was an early adopter of Sony's fledgling translucent mirror tech with the A55, I'm still quite happy with my camera.
At long last, + SmugMug (my photo host) has released their redesigned and vastly improved platform. In celebration, I am very excited to reveal the brand new site for Christopher Nowlan Photography! I'm still making tweaks and updating content here and there, but in the meantime I wanted to let you in to explore and provide feedback.
Returned to the Daniel Stowe Botanical Garden on Thursday with a good friend for some photos. The new ones begin with #12.
While in Washington, DC for a choir tour this past weekend I stopped for a couple photos. (For whatever reason, Google+ is failing to load the link preview.)
I'm happy to introduce my new logo as part of my cross-site rebranding! Eventually this will make its way to , but the necessary code changes will require a bit of time on my part.
Just as a heads up, I've started a little housekeeping with my photos to, at least in theory, present a better portfolio. I'm also fairly deep in the conceptualization stages of a significant redesign of (my version 2.0, actually). Sorry, no time frame just yet since I'll be starting from scratch.
Added two new wallpapers today. More to come in the future!
Crater Lake Under the Stars by Ben Canales When we came across this photo by Ben Canales, we knew we had to find out how he got the shot. In 2011, Ben won the National Geographic Travel Photo of the Year award for this image here: , and this post today talks about another photo from that same trip. In Ben's words: "I wanted an image of Crater Lake with the Milky Way arcing overhead. Having shot the night before from the main entrance area, I had a good idea of where I needed to be to get the right angle on the Milky Way, the lake and Wizard Island. Problem is, it's buried in 15ft of snow ! We passed out in a corner of the Visitor's Center to get a few hours of sleep after shooting all night, then strapped on skis and gear to head a couple miles around the rim to get the angle we wanted. About 3 miles around, Wizard Island came into alignment with the bearing I neeed for the Milky Way; from there I searched around for a highpoint view and set up camp looking out over the crater. It was an amazing view and with the clear blue skies overhead, I knew it was going to be an awesome night shooting. I setup camp, shot some timelapse, made dinner and waited. Day turned to night and the stars came out to play. I had a 15mm lens with me, but didn't like how it heavily distorted the horizon and natural bowl of the crater, so I switched to the handy-dandy 24-70mm f/2.8 to shoot a multi-shot panorama to stitch together back at home. I shot 5 vertical takes to get the expanse of the Milky Way, then did a crazy mess of different long exposures to get all the detail I wanted in the landscape. I forget how many shots comprise the lower half of the image- but... it's alot! I got lucky when wind died down to show the reflection of the sky in the water, because it was otherwise an opaque blur. To be clear- this is not a composite of day and night, all the images were taken within a tight time period of each other . I am not a fan of mixing night starry skies with daytime foregrounds at all. Ninety-five percent of the time, my night shots are single image frames. I really geek out on the challenge of getting everything I want in one shot and feel proud when I can. But, for this instance, there was no way to capture the scene as I saw it with the equipment I had in one take. For these times, I feel no guilt in blending exposures, stitching shots, or whatever technique I can dream up that is going to help me capture the scene before me. Here's a timelapse video from the trip. I did a mix of still images and timelapse photography while there. It was difficult choosing which medium I wanted to be recording in! https://vimeo.com/26968340 " Thanks Ben! More from Ben: #SmugMugPro
My photos from last weekend's trip to the beach are finally up, starting with #45!
I thought you might appreciate a preview from my beach trip this holiday weekend.
I'm pleased to announce the return of wallpapers! I gave up on these a while back because the process I used to make them was a nightmare. Then when the gallery where I kept them broke with one of my code updates, I quietly put them into retirement. Starting today, I'm giving this another shot with an entirely new process and management system. I'll be adding more soon!
“It is remarkable how easily and insensibly we fall into a particular route, and make a beaten track for ourselves.... The surface of the earth is soft and impressible by the feet of men; and so with the paths which the mind travels. How worn and dusty, then, must be the highways of the world, how deep the ruts of tradition and conformity! I did not wish to take a cabin passage, but rather to go before the mast and on the deck of the world, for there I could best see the moonlight amid the mountains. I do not wish to go below now.” -Henry David Thoreau, Walden (Still tinkering around figuring out where everything is in Lightroom.)
Tonight I've been playing around a little in Lightroom to see if I can salvage a few previously-rejected images while I learn the new environment. I'm still tinkering with this one, but thought I would share before calling it a night.
I've finally decided to migrate from Aperture to Lightroom for my photo processing needs. I can already tell this will take a little time to get used to.
Hello all! I just wanted to give you a heads up that my website will be intermittently available or appear broken for the next couple days as I transfer to a new host. Thank you for your patience.
Pushed out Version 1.6 of my website this morning to lessen the shock to Version 2.0, and to take care of a number of design issues that had bugged me. There may be a couple stray visual bugs (my retrofitted stylesheet is now a gigantic mess until my total rewrite for 2.0), so if you find one please let me know.
Photo of the Week Some of you may have noticed by now that one of my favorite refuges for peace and solitude is the Peaks of Otter Lodge near Bedford, VA. For over twenty years my family has been coming here to escape the headaches of modern life. Have a look around and you’ll quickly understand why: . The Lodge is nestled between the two “Peaks of Otter” and faces Abbot Lake. There are no televisions, radios, or even clocks in the rooms to distract from the breathtaking scenery extending right up to your porch/balcony. Deer are plentiful around the Lodge and often show a minimal concern for the humans walking about and gawking from their perches. On my last stay here, I awoke to find this fawn just outside my room, asleep in front of the Lodge. The mother wasn’t in sight, but this little one had found a comfortable place in the taller grass to rest. But this escape is soon to close. It would seem that our society no longer values the simple joy and wonder of Creation as it once did. Economic factors have made it very difficult for the operator to continue and to make the necessary renovations. And since the property is owned by the National Park Service, recent policy changes by the NPS requiring that the same lessee take on all five properties along the over 200 mile long Parkway on shorter contracts have made it nearly impossible for any lessee to consider it a money-making endeavor. Unless a new lessee takes up the challenge, the Lodge will close its doors later this year, and I will mourn its loss. I sincerely hope our society will soon return to recognize, as my transcendentalist brethren did long ago, that nature can be nearly all that we need if we would only open our minds to its power. Order Prints & Gifts of this Image:
Photo of the Week On a recent (and my very first) trip to the Daniel Stowe Botanical Garden in nearby Belmont, NC I couldn’t help but take notice of their creative garden decorations. Embedded among the flowers were bottles, paint cans, and even decayed parts of trees. Order Prints & Gifts of this Image:
Defying the threat of rain on Sunday, I stopped by Daniel Stowe Botanical Garden near Belmont, NC.
Photo of the Week In my studies, I have at long last found a great kindred spirit in Thomas Jefferson. So, when I came upon the opportunity to spend a little time in Virginia, I made it a point to stop in Charlottesville to pay my respects at Monticello. Surprisingly, my expectations were met and even exceeded. As I was waiting out on the grounds for the tour to begin, it became overwhelmingly clear to me why Jefferson chose this location for his sanctuary and home. Order Prints & Gifts of this Image:
Introducing Photo Extras! Now, when you order prints from you can add framing, mounting, and/or textures! Just click on the "Add Photo Extras" button beside each print in the Shopping Cart and make your selections! For more information on what Extras are currently available, see . #newfeature
Have no fear, my Photo of the Week feature still lives! Between final exams, vacation, and a sudden pileup of other work I wasn't able to keep up the commitment. Look for its return tomorrow!
Finally uploaded some of my photos from my short trip into Virginia last month.
Photo of the Week This week’s photo hails from the mountains of West Virginia, at the Whittaker logging camp on the Cass Scenic Railroad. All along this railroad’s slow, twisting climb up Cheat Mountain are remnants of its history, from abandoned lines leading to nowhere to rusting locomotive stacks discarded along the mountainside. At the recreated Whittaker logging camp I came across this scene off to the side of the plateau. It always fascinates me to see nature taking back from man what was hers. There’s a strange beauty in it. And in this case that only seems heightened by the vastness of the untouched mountain backdrop extending to the horizon. Order Prints & Gifts of this Image:
Due to a major display issue, I have taken my "Free Wallpapers" page offline until I can track down the problem.
Photo of the Week This week’s photo, taken from the Potomac Eagle near Romney, WV, is one of the oldest in my published collection. The train passes through several of such pastoral scenes, but the primary draw is the population of eagles that nest along the route. Despite its small size (severely restricting print sizes) and slight blurriness, I still can’t bring myself to put this one away. Order Prints & Gifts of this Image:
Photo of the Week * Without a doubt, one of my favorite places to visit is the Blue Ridge Parkway. I’m particularly fond of the few areas where the Parkway rides the crest of a mountain, providing clear views of valleys and pastoral fields from either side. This overlook at Milepost 168 is known as “The Saddle”. In the foreground, the Parkway snakes from view back into the trees and in the distance on the right is one such hill-side field. Order Prints & Gifts of this Image: (*Hey, it's technically still on time for this "week".)
Photo of the Week This past Sunday I decided to drop over near Durham to Occoneechee Mountain State Natural Area for a much needed walk in the woods. I hadn’t been there before but the information online looked promising, and indeed this turned out to be a very nice location. To call this a “mountain” is somewhat amusing, considering the summit only rises to a staggering 867 feet above sea level. I found some of the most attractive portions of the trail were those that paralleled the Eno River. But as the trail turned Northward, pulling away from I-85, I turned around to find a wonderful view of the trail cresting the hill in the midst of the spring forest. After a long, uneventful winter, this was a welcome sight. Unfortunately, to get this shot I had to turn directly into the morning sun, which in my case resulted in chromatic aberration and a little lens flare. I liked this shot so much I didn’t want to simply discard it, so I thought I would give my new tool, Photoshop, a try. After some tinkering, I eventually gave the tilt-shift effect a go and really liked the result. Order Prints & Gifts of this Image:
Photo of the Week While wandering about the sands of Myrtle Beach, SC I happened upon this well-preserved jellyfish stranded on the shore. The jellyfish was positioned in just the right direction to catch the light from the setting sun. Having found my subject, I then waited patiently for a wave to come in. It took a couple tries, but this is still one of my favorites. I’m particularly drawn to the detail in the sand and the bubbles on the wave’s leading edge. Order Prints & Gifts of this Image:
Photo of the Week As spring returns to the South after a laughable winter, I return you this week to Yates Mill County Park in Raleigh, NC. I came across these dogwood trees in bloom last spring as I roamed one of the trails. Hopefully I can make it back this spring, if only the weather would cooperate. Order Prints & Gifts of this Image:
Photo of the Week Every year in October, the North Carolina State Fair is held here in Raleigh. Personally, I have no interest in the rides or gimmicks, but the flower displays present some excellent photographic opportunities. This one was based off the children’s tale of “Jack and the Beanstalk.” Order Prints & Gifts of this Image:
Photo of the Week Sorry, there’s no big story to accompany this one. A couple springs ago, I set out with my camera to capture some of the numerous flowers scattered around campus. By a sidewalk, I noticed a patch of purple irises in perfect bloom. Back at my computer, this one in particular stood out from the rest. There was just one blemish ruining an otherwise ideal image: a blurry honeybee. Now, I don’t normally add or remove things to or from my images, but that just wouldn’t do. Good luck finding where it was! Order Prints & Gifts of this Image:
Photo of the Week It’s very rare that I’m outside at sunset, as I usually have a class around that time or I’m attached to my computer indoors for one reason or another. Or if I do happen to be outdoors at sunset, I’m often either driving or nowhere near my camera. But I got lucky one time while back home. I don’t remember why, but I happened to open the back door at just the right time to find this fantastic view over the treetops. Not being completely insane (yet), I ran to grab my camera and set up my tripod. To date, this is still one of my favorite images. I love the range of blue colors in the sky, broken by the orange and pink hues in the clouds. Order Prints & Gifts of this Image:
Photo of the Week On a recent trip through Virginia, I stumbled upon Appomattox Court House National Historical Park. Being a history buff, I couldn’t simply pass by the site where our Civil War ended, so off I went with my camera. At the center of the park is the court house itself, with a number of restored houses and other structures surrounding it. Walking these grounds where states’ rights died was almost painful, even now. As I was leaving, this simple white house off to the side, framed wonderfully by an aging fence in the foreground, caught my attention. With such idyllic scenes as this, it’s hard to imagine the brutality of such a war. “Future years will never know the seething hell and the black infernal background, the countless minor scenes and interiors of the secession war; and it is best they should not. The real war will never get in the books.” -Walt Whitman Order Prints & Gifts of this Image:
Photo of the Week I’ve spoken of Peaks of Otter, VA numerous times, and with good reason. The Lodge is in an idyllic spot, with the lake and Sharp Top Mountain visible from every room. The absence of radios, televisions, or even clocks in the rooms leaves you little choice but to stop and unwind during your stay. Who could refuse this view? Order Prints & Gifts of this Image:
Photo of the Week Nestled in the mountains of North Carolina is the scenic area of Chimney Rock, with its namesake state park. From the ground it doesn’t seem like much, at least not until you start your uphill climb… on foot. An unholy number of steps lead you up to “Chimney Rock,” laughing at you as you pant and pull yourself up the mountain. But the rewards are great. From the top of the Rock, you are presented with unobstructed views of beautiful Lake Lure. Oh, and the climb isn’t over yet! If you’re up to it, you can keep going up the mountain until you’re actually overlooking the overlook. I’m ashamed to admit it, but I couldn’t quite make it all the way up. Order Prints & Gifts of this Image:
Just a reminder that as my Valentine's Day gift to you, you can enjoy 10% off orders of $25† or more until 7 February 2012††! († Pre-shipping total.) (†† Deadline extended by one day.) Just enter the code LOVECNP12 at checkout. There's still time to order a lovely print for your special someone. Trust me, they go over quite well.
Tonight + Christopher Nowlan Photography became the first of my sites to sport my new "network"-wide footer. Would love to hear your feedback! While I was at it, I also changed my homepage slideshow to a non-Flash, HTML5/JavaScript version.
Without you, I would never have continued in this great endeavor of a hobby. As a token of my appreciation, enjoy 10% off orders of $25 or more† until 6 February 2012! († Pre-shipping total.) Just enter the code LOVECNP12 at checkout. There's still time to order a lovely print for your special someone. (Trust me, they go over quite well.)
