+ Kenneth Lee Are you high? "Proven right years later??" He was proven to be a fool. Where do you get your history? Glenn Beck? For fuck sake people - READ! Facts are really not up for debate. That's the thing about facts!
Man it will take a lot more than that shit to embarrass me, that's for sure. And I really don't have the free time that you must, so I'll have to bid you farewell.
UGH... Boston Tea Party: Myth 1: The dispute was about higher taxes The immediate catalyst was a tax break—not a tax increase—that effectively made imported tea more affordable for colonists. What irked the patriots was that they had no role in the decision. The saga began with the British government's bailout of a corporation deemed too big to fail. The giant East India Company not only enjoyed monopolistic privileges in south Asia and China under a royal charter granted in 1600; it effectively ruled large sections of the Indian subcontinent. But in 1772, the company was hard hit by the collapse of speculative banking schemes throughout Europe, and its stock tumbled. Unsold goods accumulated in warehouses, and company directors asked the British government for a loan to forestall insolvency. Members of Parliament—like American congressmen today—staged committee hearings in which they grandstanded against greedy company officials, who had returned from India with huge fortunes and declared large dividends despite the company's overwhelming debts. Meanwhile, they tried to figure out how to get the company, and the empire, out of the mess. As MPs debated the advisability of a government takeover, they also discussed schemes for unloading the company's 18 million pounds of surplus tea. The European market was already saturated, but the American market was not. In theory, the East India Company could sell many tons of tea there if taxes were lowered. Two separate taxes were involved: one imposed on tea coming through Britain on its way from India and China to Western markets and another imposed when it arrived in America. Although cutting either one was an economically viable option, repealing the American tax would have had the added benefit of improving relations with colonists. That's precisely why Lord North, the prime minister, rejected the idea. In the Tea Act of 1773, Parliament left the American import duties in place but decreed that the East India Company would no longer have to pay any duties on tea landing in Britain and headed to America, nor would it have to sell the tea at British public auctions. It could deliver its product straight to American consumers, untouched by middlemen and almost untaxed, save for a modest American import duty. The only people who stood to incur financial losses from the arrangement were American smugglers who had been peddling duty-free tea from Holland. Few in London thought the sweetheart deal was a matter of consequence to anyone but the East India Company, and it received little notice. Some relief would be granted to the struggling corporate giant, without political cost. And surely, Americans would not object to receiving tea at bargain prices. British prognosticators were wrong. For the Americans, the fundamental issue was one of self-governance. Whoever levied taxes got to call the shots, including how to spend the money. Parliament insisted on taxing colonists to support—and command—colonial administration. Colonists countered that they were more than willing to tax—and rule—themselves. No more "taxation without representation" became their rallying cry, not "down with high taxes."
+ Douglas Boehme What a great way to show that you have nothing at all to add to the conversation by calling a public servant a "whore". Nicely done. Parents must be proud!
Uh pretty sure GDay Mate is more of a Crocodile Dundee thing. You know, Australia? Lol!
