l think it's a great idea, however should it not be a success, then it'll likely be a great idea at 1/2 the price in 6 months...
In full afternoon sunshine the Sony SmartWatch 2 display is fully readable, be it the time or email's & messages etc!
l find it a lot easier to adjust the volume, pause/play or swipe thru different audio podcasts via a watch than a phone...
its seems album art works on the watch via a Nexus 4, (usually only Sony phones) as long as l have the music in the library on Google music...l hope it doesn't break with a futher update!
yep! same here - c'mon Google show us the watch!
my "show me your watch" comparison among friends, turned up an interesting result with that stylish but pricey one on the right failing to get the time right! its owner proclaiming he now wants a smart watch...
coincidentally a work mate is showing me his new watch today, which he is very happy with. It reminded me that watches are mostly form over function to most buyers anyway. and while the Sony is actually less expensive and has more functionality when paired to a smartphone, l also like to think it looks really cool as well...to each their own l guess!
well - l spent some time, (actually a lot of time) with the galaxy gear, and l like it a lot, not as much as the Sony, however if the barrier to entry wasn't so high, l'd definitely get one. Unfortunately here its $369.00AU for the gear, which is way to high for this smartwatch imo - plus the fact that you need a note 3 to power it...
which one would you buy + Rae Scherger l have a bias towards the sony, but the pebble & gear are equally good and we also have googles "gem" smartwatch coming...
even when my phone battery runs out - the Sony SmartWatch 2 - is still a Watch!
48hrs since its last charge and the watch battery is now1/2 way. I'm guessing it'll do 3 to 4 days between charges if need be.
Yep! I suck at applying screen protectors, any tips on removing the bubbles?
Thanks + Ryan St. Andrie l will follow those tips on my next attempt tomorrow... fortunately l have 3 unused iPad protectors that l can cut-up for the watch face.
l have seen the SSW 2 as low as $149AU and as high as $249AU...
apparently here in AU we also have the worlds cheapest big mac's (mcdonalds) as well. however l pass on the macca's, but definitely couldn't go past the watches, even at twice the price!
+ Chris Morales transflective liquid crystal display technology was used in older digital watches and worked very well - Sony is using the same in the SSW 2 which is why the time is clearly visible even when the watch display is off. the Oled screen in the SSW 1 however, just can-not be seen in sunny conditions with the display on.
In full afternoon sunshine the Sony SmartWatch 2 display is fully readable, be it the time or email's & messages etc!
Woohoo! I got in on the early deal...just delivered now.
So who else has left the original plastic film on their Nexus 4 screen? l'm asking because a guy at worked questioned why l hadn't taken it off and brought a proper screen protector?...l said l think that's what this is...
l have been using this Sony SmartWatch for about 8 months now and actually wear it daily as well as charge it each night along with my SmartPhone. Now that may sound very disciplined on my part, however the SmartWatch has become the all important wrist mounted remote for my Nexus SmartPhone, which as a result now spends more time IN my pocket...more here:
+ Kevin Nether see my post here:
making use of NFC...
Yep - SSW 1 - which for me is awesome! so much so that l have the new SSW 2 on order...
its a confused market with smartwatches imo...the SSW 1 has poor sunlight readability via Oled display, E paper/ink displays maybe better, but are monochrome. SSW 2 claims a new sunlight readable Transflective LCD 1.6” colour display! l'm not worried about battery life as l charge (both phone & watch) every nite anyway. All the things that l need to be handled remotely by the watch are done very well, everything else is the domain of my smartphone. (l don't need to browse the internet or take pictures with a watch etc) So for me the Sony does the basic notifications very well, l just need better sunlight readability...
+ Deborah Austin yep - back into the esky... ;)
the message is out about a free feed!... more pics here:
Its the much maligned & possibly misunderstood - 2012 Sony SmartWatch - which l think was best suited to "geeks" who have an aversion, to pulling a phone out of their pocket. The polished - 2013 Sony SmartWatch 2 -(available soon) will possibly have a much wider appeal, but still needs an Android 4.0 device to house & power its apps.
got the wood on my Nexus 4...
Hey + Jerry Hildenbrand Spotted this at a downtown bar, it looks to be a champagne gold "Phil Nickinson" edition smart watch! any info on a release date?
+ Hikari Honda https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.kaybit.smartwatch.customwatch but l should point out, that l use Sony's watch face app to maximise battery, and then this only when l want to show off as it'll suck the battery dry in a few hours if you leave it constantly on... cheers Don.
Really enjoying the drama of this performance! while trying to beat my garden into submission...
1.05hrs later and its done - the wife is happy now with her iOS7 although she was hoping for "Pattern" screen unlock, like on my Nexus 4...everything else looks the goods and brings both OS's inline with each other imo.
its hard to go unnoticed, when you're this colourful...
my first snapper for the season gif....(take 2)
+ Rob Burns l've had a couple of emails about this, so l've put up a reply on the fishingwesternport site.
the much touted "cheaper" iPhone 5c is still more than twice the price of Googles Nexus 4...l think all eye's should be on the upcoming Nexus 5 now, for those who want a high end smartphone at a bargain price.
Sony still has the best value smartwatch in my opinion, but l'm hanging for Google to release a watch...
1st westernport snapper for the season, it went 5.44kg (just under 12lb)
foggy down at the boat ramp yesterday...
Air Berth in action - keeping the motor & hull clear of the water. no need to antifoul...
This is about storing the boat off the water when we have finished fishing...
Yes in that usually the boat sits in the water at the berth, with the Air Berth installed, the boat can remain at the wet berth, but can be lifted off the water to avoid problems with the hull & motor always being in the saltwater.
