The latest descendant from the Sony R1. The best bridge camera ever? Let's see. First you take the sensor from the new Sony RX100ii, couple it with a zoom lens designed specifically for the characteristics of that sensor (which is widely acclaimed as being....great) by the people at Carl Zeiss, add in full bore high def vide...
The new life of professional photographers: Endless, shameless self-promotion. Self portrait for PhotoPlus intro. Little known facts about me: I like to wear suits or jacket and ties. I like vintage ties best but I've bought four ties in the last few months and I found a nice source of knitted silk ties that are understated and look g...
Love the sky after a good rain. Love a crazy billboard.
Thinking about New York and planning for next week. from the Blanton Museum, Battle cast collection. I'm totally amped up about heading to New York City next week and being an active participant in the Photo Plus Expo. My goals are to do a great job for Samsung in showing off their new flagship camera, the ...
A small child in Colorado. Sometimes (usually) my favorite shots are the unplanned ones. We were filming a video course in a beautiful house somewhere outside of Boulder, Co. The course is on how to take better family photographs. The young girl (above) was one of our models and she was in one of the work rooms watching the make-up person apply...
The latest descendant from the Sony R1. The best bridge camera ever? Let's see. First you take the sensor from the new Sony RX100ii, couple it with a zoom lens designed specifically for the characteristics of that sensor (which is widely acclaimed as being....great) by the people at Carl Zeiss, add in full bore high def vide...
Mild celebration: We've crested 16,000,000 page views. Yes, that's sixteen million. resident blog maniac: Kirk Tuck yells instructions from behind the Leaf AFi7. I almost missed the fact that today we hit another milestone and crested 16 million pageviews since 2009. I've generated more than 1600 posts, been pummeled by thousands of troll ...
Have you noticed that some cameras get down on their hands and knees and just beg you to shoot with them? I've bought cameras that I had high hopes for and they ended up languishing on a table after the first few attempts at making photographs. As time went by they seemed like more of a burden than a partner and off they went to owners with less romantic ideas ...
Inflection point reached. The death watch for traditional DSLRs begins now. Nearly four years ago I wrote an article that was very unpopular with "serious" photographers. In it I talked about the new EVF's and I predicted that in a few short years most cameras would ship with EVFs while traditional optical viewfinders would exist o...
Inflection point reached. The death watch for traditional DSLRs begins now. Nearly four years ago I wrote an article that was very unpopular with "serious" photographers. In it I talked about the new EVF's and I predicted that in a few short years most cameras would ship with EVFs while traditional optical viewfinders would exist o...
Inflection point reached. The death watch for traditional DSLRs begins now. Nearly four years ago I wrote an article that was very unpopular with "serious" photographers. In it I talked about the new EVF's and I predicted that in a few short years most cameras would ship with EVFs while traditional optical viewfinders would exist o...
I was going to write why I like the 25mm Leica Summilux for M4:3 but..... ....I realized that I've already written that article and it was pretty good the first time around. Go to Mike's site if you want to know how I feel about that little gem of a lens... ..
The complete rationale for buying a Panasonic GH3. Cafe Medici. Austin. It couldn't have been an easier decision. I've been shooting video with a Sony a99 and it does a good, workmanlike job. It's also set up to be easy to use as a video camera. But it's limited to shooting ACVHD video files. And it shoots ...
Why looking at the best work in the world is important. And fun. You may or may not remember that several years ago my friend, Will, and I were engaged to make a video about the Magnum Print Collection. The occasion was the long term loan of the collection to the Humanities Research Center at the University of Texas at A...
Every now and then old gear MUST get cleaned out to make room in my brain. I know, I know, you are a genius and able to compartmentalize everything in your life so that no sub-routine in your brain intrudes on any other. I'm not wired that way. There's a part of my brain that keeps track of where every piece of gear I own is right...
A video project that the Visual Science Lab worked on... This is a promotional video for Zach Scott Theatre's production of Les Miserables. I lit, sound engineered and shot the interview footage with the director. Colin Lowry shot the live stage footage and David Munns edited the piece together. It's a really gre...
A video project I worked on for Zach Theatre. I lit, shot and sound engineered the interview with Matt Lenz, David Munns edited and Colin Lowry shot the live action on the stage. It's a great production!!!
All gear all the time. Ramblings just about gear.
I don't know if you read this one a while ago but some people found it helpful.... Graffiti in Denver.
What am I expecting to see at PhotoPlus? I'm heading up to PhotoPlus in two weeks. It's a big photographic tradeshow/gathering held every Fall at the Javits Center in NYC. I've been thinking about the show and the huge and pervasive yawning sense of apathy that seems to have settled over the photo...
What am I expecting to see at PhotoPlus? I'm heading up to PhotoPlus in two weeks. It's a big photographic tradeshow/gathering held every Fall at the Javits Center in NYC. I've been thinking about the show and the huge and pervasive yawning sense of apathy that seems to have settled over the photo...
What role will instant access have in the working lives of photographers? It's no secret that I've been playing with a camera that is nearly always connected to the web, if I want it to be. And it's forced me to start thinking like a 17 year old instead of a 57 year old. To wit, what will the next generation of cameras bring me w...
Getting back to basics. It's all about the portrait. Jacob is an actor and next week he's moving to NYC. I've seen him in several productions at Zach Scott Theatre and when he asked me if I'd work with him to create some new head shots to take along I was both flattered and thrilled to work with him. I set u...
One lovely reader asked to see my images from the LES MISERABLES dress rehearsal at Zach Theatre. You know, the ones I took and ran through post production late into the night just before I left town for Colorado for eight days. I finally had time to go back and look at them and now I want to go see the musical again, but this time without a camera stuc...
I'd been fighting a camera. Then I went into the studio and we became friends. Jill. For Zach Theatre. I took a chance today and took my new, pre-release, Samsung Galaxy NX camera to Zach Theatre as my only camera. Well, not entirely true....I took a second Galaxy NX along as a back-up. When I first got the camera I looked at the hug...
I'd been fighting a camera. Then I went into the studio and we became friends. Jill. For Zach Theatre. I took a chance today and took my new, pre-release, Samsung Galaxy NX camera to Zach Theatre as my only camera. Well, not entirely true....I took a second Galaxy NX along as a back-up. When I first got the camera I looked at the hug...
Sharing some night time images from the Galaxy NX. Just for fun. There's were taken on the first night I arrived in Berlin... These were taken in Berlin with the Samsung Galaxy NX camera and either the 30mm f2 (nice) lens or the 18-55mm kit lens (really nice for a "kit" lens). I think the camera is a great low light shoo...
Monday's location. Red Rock. Wow!!! The Pentax K-01 lived on the passenger seat of my Fiat 500 rental car all week long. The only lens I have for it is the 40mm pancake so of course all the images were ones that worked well with a slightly long focal length. The video crew loved the yellow ca...
Yes. It's the latest technique to sweep through the photo world. Ghostly imaging. My camera was banging around at the end of the strap and the universe was randomly pressing the buttons and changing my menu items. Instead of my usual austere and pensive images I ended up becoming an unintentional master of HDR......Far beyond the realm o...
I am back in Austin putting the studio back together and hanging with the Dog. Some observations... "Life is like a box of chocolates....." I have been on location, in Denver, Boulder and at Red Rock Park for the last eight days. I'm not sure how clear I've been on the assignment in previous posts but there is a company called, Craftsy.com and they make i...
I am back in Austin putting the studio back together and hanging with the Dog. Some observations... "Life is like a box of chocolates....." I have been on location, in Denver, Boulder and at Red Rock Park for the last eight days. I'm not sure how clear I've been on the assignment in previous posts but there is a company called, Craftsy.com and they make i...
I wrote an article about lighting for Photo.net. You can read it there. Here's the link: If you read the blog you already know the punch line. Something to do with really big scrims.... I'm still in Denver. We photographed kids on horses today and I spoke lots of words about photogra...
Thank you. I appreciate that.
I'm a sucker for pillars and the last light of the day reflected off distant buildings.... I don't know about you but when I'm in another city on assignment and have a day off I head out the front door of my hotel and explore al...
Done about 16 years ago in a primitive version of PhotoShop. One with no layers and no undo... I sent it out as a holiday card. The response was wonderful. I still have a copy on my desk. At nearly 18 the boy is as angelic (for the...
