Another Technology Wonder, Sony launches second smartwatch in U.S. Technology giants such as Samsung, Microsoft, Google and maybe even Apple are just now realizing there may be a future in wearables, but other tech companies have already been dabbling in smartwatches for some time now. Sony ...
Nollywood Can you Spot the Nollywood star in this Pic? The movie title is Ekaette Goes To School. comment who you spot in the pic.
Boy Dresses Up For Halloween As Doctor Who Saved His Life A seven-year-old Seattle-area boy dressed up for Halloween as a different kind of superhero. He went as Dr. Jay Rubenstein, the doctor who saved his life. Landon Browne turned up at Seattle Children's Hospital on Wednesday wearing a lab coat,...
Egor Local Government Chairman of Edo State wears school uniform This most be the latest trend for Nigerian politicians? The other day, the governor of Osun State, Rauf Aregbesola, was spotted wearing a secondary school uniform and now this on again. Egor Local Government Chairman, Hon...
15 women arrested for alleged prostitution during Eid festivities The Kano Hisbah Board said on Friday that it arrested 15 young women for alleged prostitution during the Eid-el-Kabir festivities in Sabon Gari area of Kano, the state capital. The Public Relations Officer of the Board, Mal...
Kanye West To Kim Kardashain.......No Plastic Surgery Based on his reaction to the just-released Kim Kardashian swimsuit selfie, Kanye West likes his baby mama just the way she is. And the rapper has reportedly made this especially clear to the reality star, telling her she ...
Greece Trying To Identify Girl Found In Roma Camp international appeal on Friday to help identify a 4-year-old blonde girl allegedly snatched from her parents by a couple with whom she was found living in a Gypsy settlement. Police are trying to establish why the girl was living with the couple, who ar...
The Incredible Bionic Man....Walks,Talks And Breathes Read story and see more pics after the cut He walks, he talks and he has a beating heart, but he's not human — he's the world's first fully bionic man. ...
Police Arrest 4 Pupils Arrested During Cult Initiation Four pupils of the Ilesa Grammar School, Ilesa, Osun State, have been arrested by the Osun State Police Command during an initiation rite into an unnamed cult. Our correspondent gathered that the police swooped on the boys (names ...
Adams Oshiomhole signs death penalty for kidnappers bill into Edo state law Edo State governor Adams Oshiomhole today October 18th signed into the Edo State law, a bill that prescribes the death penalty for kidnappers. The death penalty is not just for kidnappers who kill their victims, its for ...
Gunmen Murder Groom In Wedding Reception Over £60 (N15, 500) Debt A new bride, Jacqueline Cousins was forced to watch her new husband being shot dead by masked gunmen at their Jamaican wedding reception. Jacqueline Cousins, 49, married Dameion Cousins, 31, in an idyllic ceremony in the Caribbe...
Skull Discovery Suggests Early Man Was Single Species Washington (AFP) - A stunningly well-preserved skull from 1.8 million years ago offers new evidence that early man was a single species with a vast array of different looks, researchers said. With a tiny brain about a third the siz...
Gospel Singer,Yinka Ayefele; Band Members Disappear During US Tour Nigerian gospel singer Yinka Ayefele is yet to recover from the rude shock that hit him on a recent trip to the United States of America. As usual the talented artist left the shores of Nigeria for a scheduled musical tour ...
Chris Brown Doesn’t Care If Rihanna Is Hurt By His Rap Diss Chris sure knows how to rub salt in a wound. Sources close to the singer say he flat out doesn’t care if anyone is offended by his controversial new verse in ‘I’m Still’ — and that includes his ex Rihanna! Chris ...
Snoop Dogg/Lion Changes his name Again!!!! From Snoop Doggy Dogg to Snoop Lion Now the dude has changed his name again. Snoop Dogg/Lion is now Snoopzilla and is releasing a funk album. Gillian Pensavalle (@GillianWithaG) has the story and the rapper’s actual name.
Brain Treats Social Pain Like Physical Pain ...... The human brain treats rejection in a similar way to the way it process physical pain, new research has suggested. A scientific study conducted by the University of Michigan Medical School has shown that the brain uses a similar reaction to ease the pain of...
Nine Youth Arrested For Cult Activities Nine men have been arraigned before an Ebute Meta Magistrate’s Court for allegedly belonging to an unlawful society and terrorising residents of Falomo in the Ikoyi area of Lagos. The nine defendants -Gbenga Kayode, Henry Peter, Jo...
Sen. Bukola Saraki Admits 15 Died In His House During Sallah, says he is sorry Reports broke out this morning that over 15 members of the Kwara PDP members lost their lives.......... It was also reported that several others collapsed while struggling to get part of the senator’s Sallah largess in his Kwara ...
EbonyLife TV And Disney To Co-produce Desperate Housewives Africa [ Mo Abudu delivers a speech at the launch of Ebony Life TV. Photo: Tokunbo Ibikunle] Disney Media Distribution EMEA has disclosed plans to produce the African version of popular Disney series Desperate Housewives. To be filmed in Nigeria, NET has...
So Sad Mary Adeboye Leaves Gulder Ultimate Search season 10 One of the two Adeboye sisters in this year's edition of the Gulder Ultimate Search (GUS) reality TV show, Mary, has been evicted from the competition. The member of the Sword Tribe was booted out of the competition afte...
Wizkid Still On Daddy Duties Wizkid is settling into fatherhood rather nicely… A day after showing off his son Boluwatife for the first time, the 23-year-old Pop singer has posted another picture, this time in a more intimate position. ‘That type of morning! Bliss!‘, Wizzy wrote. It’s...
Uche Jumbo Joins Hubby In New york!! Uche and Kenny tied the knot on Wednesday, May 16, 2012 at Marriot Isla Verde beach resort, Puerto Rico, now Uche Jombo-Rodriguez has temporarily relocated to New York to spend time with her husband Kenny Rodriguez. The Noll...
Tiwa Savage Covers TW Magazine Tiwa Savage covers the October edition of women’s publication TW Magazine..... More pictures from the shoot are shown below Nice pictures,I must say!!!!!!!!
Am Yet To Find The Right Woman...........Kalu Ikeagwu Kalu Ikeagwu, the handsome and famous Tinsel actor called Alhaji is under pressure by his mum to get married, he recently disclosed this in an interview. The mother, according to him, wants him to get married quickly which is not what Kalu has in mind, he b...
Olamide Unveils Next Album Art Olamide;surely one of the most gifted rappers in Nigeria,has unveiled his next album art for his upcoming album where he is dressed like a Roman Emperor.....not only is Olamide gifted,he's also unique Nice work......
Nollywood Actress Uche Jombo Relocate...........Joins Hubby In The New York Hmmm...love is good ooo! Uche Jombo and Kenny Rodriguez tied the knot on Wednesday, May 16, 2012 at Marriot Isla Verde beach resort, Puerto Rico, now Uche Jombo-Rodriguez has finally but temporarily relocated to New York to spend time with her husband Kenny...
John Dumalo says Joselyn Dumas hips are real Not that we ever doubted the fact Joselyn Dumas hips are real, but Ghanaian actor John Dumalo just had to set the record straight, just in case. The actor who is presently shooting a movie with Joselyn Dumas says the One Show host’s hips are rea...
Check out Ice Prince’s next album cover art ‘FIRE OF ZAMANI' We’ve said it a million times already, 2013 is a busy year for Hip-Hop in Nigeria! Ice Prince has announced he will be releasing his anticipated second album ‘Fire of Zamani‘, the follow up to his successful debut ‘Everybody Loves Ic...
Selena Gomez vs Justin Bieber........claims he's UNCLASSY Selena Gomez is back on her feet... but the singer needs to dry her eyes. A couple days after taking a tumble during a show in Virginia, Gomez took her "Stars Dance" tour to Brooklyn, where contrasting emotions appeared to get the best of her. During a rend...
Photos From Felabration 2013 The just concluded concert dedicated to a legend "Fela Anikulapo-Kuti" started on a melodious note with performances from leading Nigerian artiste such as Shina Peters, Afro-juju maestro at the New African Shrine in Ikeja area of Lagos. ...
Photos From Felabration 2013 The just concluded concert dedicated to a legend "Fela Anikulapo-Kuti" started on a melodious note with performances from leading Nigerian artiste such as Shina Peters, Afro-juju maestro at the New African Shrine in Ikeja area of Lagos. ...
Iyanya signs Multi-Million Naira Endorsement Deal with Solo Phone Nigeria Iyanya must really be happy he’s struck his third endorsement deal this year. The Pop singer has signed a deal with a mobile phone manufacturing company called SOLO Mobile. The company has not released any details of the deal but Iyanya’s manager says it is...
Professor Slumps And Dies While Watching Nigeria-Ethiopia Game The Ikole Ekiti-born professor slumped and died while watching the match(Nigeria-Ethopia Game) at his Oluyole Extension home in Ibadan,Oyo State capital. With over 35 years of experience in teaching and resea...
Area Boys Murdered Businessman for refusing to settle A businessman, name Charles Ugwu, has been killed in the Ajegunle area of Lagos, over his refusal to settle some street urchins, popularly known as area boys. The incident was said to have occurred at Uzor Street, Ajegunl...
9 innocent kids killed because of Distance EDUCATION Youths and infants of Ewet Offot community Uyo, Akwa Ibom State have turned to the State government asking them to establish a primary school for them to avoid further deaths of kids who have to trek long distances just to attend sch...
Lagos Deputy Governor Fires Iyanya’s Dancers says they are Degrading Womanhood. It was a beautiful performance from the sensational artiste, Iyanya and his dancers but the end really justified the means when the Lagos State Deputy Governor, Orelope Adefulire fired iyanya's female dancers. Read their conversation and see the photos belo...
9ice, Sean Tizzle To Honour Pasuma Jaywon, Waconzy, Minjin, Oritshe Femi, DJ Sose, Omo Baba , Omini and Koffi. and some other artistes will perform at the event organised to honor Pasuma “It’s 29 years since I became a professional singer, but I didn't record my first album till 1993. ...
Ghanian Actor, Van Vicker. & Wife Celebrate 10th Wedding Anniversary Today! Ghanaian heartthrob, Van Vicker celebrates his 10th wedding anniversary with his wife Adjoa today, 16th October , 2013 and apparently, they've been together since their secondary school days. To celebrate his big day, Van decided to share s...
Anambra deportees sue LASG for N1bn THE 76 destitute persons, who were deported by the Lagos State Government and dumped on the Upper Iweka Bridge, Onitsha, Anambra State on July 24, 2013, have dragged the Lagos State Government to a Federal High Court sitting in Lagos. Th...
Anambra deportees sue LASG for N1bn THE 76 destitute persons, who were deported by the Lagos State Government and dumped on the Upper Iweka Bridge, Onitsha, Anambra State on July 24, 2013, have dragged the Lagos State Government to a Federal High Court sitting in Lagos. Th...
