Ok + Sony Xperia , I have spent the last 3 hours playing with the SmartWatch 2. So far, it is definitely an upgrade over the SmartWatch 1. I like it a lot so far. My only complaints are 1) It needs more watch faces - I would LOVE to see a face similar to the SmartWatch 1's Face showing the Date AND Time. The SmartWatch 2 has 5 faces to choose from but the SmartWatch 1 has a lot more. 2) The plastic flap protecting the USB Port can sometimes get stuck as there is no place to stick a fingernail in to dislodge the flap. Other than that, I really like it. I also want to thank you guys for going back to the MicroUSB port rather than that strange 4 pin connector that the SmartWatch 1 used.
If any of you guys are planning on being at Disney World this weekend, let me know. I will be hanging out with several other Google Glass explorers throughout the week.
Upgrading to Saucy Salamander
So far so good. with the exception of the Gnome-Openbox session manager. I am a Gnome Shell user rather then Unity.
Ok + Sony Xperia , I have spent the last 3 hours playing with the SmartWatch 2. So far, it is definitely an upgrade over the SmartWatch 1. I like it a lot so far. My only complaints are 1) It needs more watch faces - I would LOVE to see a face similar to the SmartWatch 1's Face showing the Date AND Time. The SmartWatch 2 has 5 faces to choose from but the SmartWatch 1 has a lot more. 2) The plastic flap protecting the USB Port can sometimes get stuck as there is no place to stick a fingernail in to dislodge the flap. Other than that, I really like it. I also want to thank you guys for going back to the MicroUSB port rather than that strange 4 pin connector that the SmartWatch 1 used.
I have it, still need to spend a bit more time with it before I can give it a fair review
Geek Travel Tip #1 : Don't take those USB Mobile Phone power bricks with you when you travel, especially if you need to charge multiple devices. Instead, simply invest in a Powered USB Hub . Most Hotels average 2-4 power outlets per room. This tip allows you to charge your phones, GPS units, cameras, SmartWatches, WiFi Hotspots, tablets, etc while leaving the other AC outlets open for things that draw a bit more juice such as a Laptop. Most devices, including the 2013 Nexus Tablet and Nexus 10 will charge from a USB hub (although slower than if using the power brick, which is not a huge deal when you are sleeping) #TravelLifeHack #Geek #HotelProblems #GeekLifeHack #LifeHack
Some powered go up to 2.1A per port, so it is important to read the package. Some models may vary. Most mobile phones will charge between 0.5 A and 1 A
Dear + System76 , For my birthday in November, my only wish is for you guys to come out with a Tablet/Laptop Hybrid with a 1080P screen. I need something ultraportable, fast and free of any Microsoft Branding. A Tablet with a detachable keyboard would be perfect. Thank you for listening, With Bacon, + Keith I Myers
+ Bryan Foster - Do you have transportation setup for this weekend?
Perfect, just making sure everyone is covered. I am driving in and can seat a few. Never hurts to check
Here is a Circle Share that + Dirk Talamasca should be proud of. It is a list of some of the + Google Glass Explorers. It is actually part 1 of 2. ﻿
+ Will GodZson - It could mean that it was already redeemed.
Ahh, I am not at the BBQ
Nah, I opted out this year to attend a Google Glass event up in Orlando next week
I will be heading up that way on Friday, if you want, I can stop by your store to show you the app.
As I can only use 1 Kit Kat code, I thought I would put these out there. If you win the Nexus 7, we need to have a talk 6LWP-JFRM-GYPR 7X3Q-CCTF-WJFP
No, just 1 winning entry in total (My Prize was another KitKat bar....)
I will post another shortly.. No, I did not eat 5 KitKat bars in a day, rather 4 in a 10 day period.
Leaked Image showing what should be expected for the iPad Announcement this month. The iPad Mini with Recal Display
We all know that + Alexander Maxham seems to love the LG G2... I say that as a dare, we force him to use an iPhone for 30 days to "compare" the features
The note 3 would destroy it with little resistance.
Arg, I can't even say what I want to say about what I think the iPhone is
Yeh, trying to keep it PG
Huge shoutout to + Keith I Myers for coming out to the + Google at MDC and helping me demo out Google Glass! Great meeting you! #GlassExplorers #GoogleAtMDC
For those who dont know, I am the one on the right.
Oh, + Karen Herman - I found another Cotton Glass Owner
T-Mobile Passes it's Target of LTE Covering 200 Million People by the End of this Year | #Android #Tmobile #LTE
The + Android Headlines show is getting ready to start, grab your popcorn. I am the one sporting Google Glass. Hurry and grab your popcorn.
I have officially finished coding my first + Google Glass application. I just need to work on the web page before it is ready to be submitted to Google for Approval. This is a complete re-write of my Glass Hurricane Alert system that I showed off a few months ago. I have added a new Zone function to allow users to select the zones they want to monitor. The "vocal" component of the system has also been revamped with a new weather report. I took this #vignette outside my house. It is not a Tropical Storm but it sure feels like it. I am looking for a few more testers. If you are a Glass owner who tends to see some tropical activity, shoot me a direct message.
Hello + George E. Williams IV - The old system has stopped updating due to a bug in the system. I have corrected this on the new system. I will send you a link to the new one as you were one of the testers.
Well.. To be honest + Karen Herman , you were the first to get a demo in person.
+ Alexander Conroy - Your on the old Beta, I will send you a link to the new one.
that would be correct
Congrats on the job
I would like to welcome one of the newest people to officially join the rank of a Google Glass Owner. Congrats + Corey M
Here are the steps to apply the latest security upgrade to your new iPhone 5c or 5s. It is strongly recommended to install this and upgrade to Android. Instructional Video Below
She can be a bad influence.
This also works for Blackberries, Android smartphones, and other battery-powered devices.
+ Chris Harrington - Got them at Walgreens
Wow, What a weekend. I put over 2,000 miles on car, drove through 5 states and did it all on less then 16 hours of sleep. (Thursday - Tuesday)
+ Franco Colomba - I was in Jacksonville at 3:00 AM on Friday Morning + Chara Kelley - I had to drive through parts of Alabama.
+ Robert Warren - No kidding, but I have to admit... The GPS on + Google Glass is simply amazing for long road trips. Especially when navigating remote country roads at midnight.
+ Chara Kelley - I am planning on being in Orlando on the 18th but can arrange it so I can be there at any time. Why don't you choose the time that works best for you based on the flight schedules.
+ Chara Kelley - It would be best to shoot for departing on the 22nd, that way we can hit all 4 Disney Parks. As far as Airports, any is fine (Between Tampa, Orlando, West Palm Beach and Ft Lauderdale)
I have it, still need to spend a bit more time with it before I can give it a fair review
Oh Gawd, I hope not. It was painful watching people trying to port the SDK builds and put it on devices it was never designed for. I liver hackery but I hate half baked ROMs
