Hey + Sony , + Sony PlayStation . Could you please help me somehow because I have been unjustly ripped off and it's not fair. Here is what happened. I have been a loyal PlayStation fan since your first console and have always advocated your great product to anyone and everyone both online and in person, and I come from a VERY large family and we all own PlayStations. So when I found out at the beginning of the year that the PlayStation 4 will be released, I did everything possible to contain my excitement and to ensure that I pre-order my console before supplies run out, and I also managed to convert a good handful of Xbox fans into pre-ordering their own PS4 console. I finally was able to pre-order myself a PS4 from Target online, I even went to my bank and signed up for a completely new and separate account (this account is specifically for purchasing my PS4 and I opened up this account in anticipation of Murphy's Law), and I made sure to always keep a minimum of $1,000 (which is every penny that I have been saving since the announced release of the PS4) in this account at all times. After successfully pre-ordering my PS4 from Target online, for approximately $568.76, I started the waiting game again and have been counting the days until November 15, much like a little child in the hours before Christmas would. Then something happened, I woke up this morning (October 15th) and decided to purchase a few more games for my PS4, and when I logged into my Target account and noticed that my pre-order had been cancelled without my authorization and without notifying me in any way shape or form, I sat there thinking this is all a bad dream. When I finally realized that this had actually happened I immediately contacted Target and spoke with a handful of representatives (they also informed me that there are no supervisors available to speak to) and they claimed that my order had been cancelled due to lack of funds in my account, which is ABSOLUTELY impossible and I immediately checked my bank account while on the phone with them and still had $1,000 in available funds. Target claims that they sent me an email notice of cancellation, which they didn't because I checked and I didn't receive any missed call from them either, by this point I am beyond livid. So how could this have happened, here is what I believe happened; a couple of weeks ago I called up Target and asked a representative if it would be possible for me to personally pick up my PS4 from an actual store rather than have it shipped to me (again this is do to Murphy's Law) because I was starting to worry that it might not be home to sign for my package when it arrives, and the sales representative advised me that at this point it would be too late to modify my order and the only way would be to request a new product order, which I explicitly told him to leave my existing order as is and NOT to change anything at all because I will just find a way to be home when my package is due to arrive, he then informed me that my initial order is still valid and nothing has been changed. Someone over at Target cancelled my order for reasons beyond my understanding, perhaps they couldn't find one for themselves and decided to take mine, whatever their motives might have been, the bottom line is that I was still wrongfully robbed of mine! Like I had initially stated, I am simply asking if you could please allow me the chance to purchase a PS4 console, whether it be online or if I have to wait outside of a store, so that I could still have my own PS4 come November 15th. I realize that this fumbled transaction with target has nothing to do with Sony Corp. I am just hoping that you'll allow me the opportunity to purchase one of your consoles that you are holding back for people whom have not been able to pre-order themselves one yet. I have over 4,000 friends on Facebook alone and have already expressed my distaste for the way Target has handled this matter, I honestly still feel violated in a sense. Anyway, I genuinely thank you for your consideration on this issue and hope that I can still look forward to 11/15/13. Sincerely, Daniel Marcovici
I'm not quite sure a about this one. Either it's one of the greatest finds EVER, or it's just too good to be true. What do you guys think? I'm still waiting for a reply.
Ahh, yes. I speculated that might be his reason. LoL Wish he would hurry and reply back then.
Hey + Sony , + Sony PlayStation . Could you please help me somehow because I have been unjustly ripped off and it's not fair. Here is what happened. I have been a loyal PlayStation fan since your first console and have always advocated your great product to anyone and everyone both online and in person, and I come from a VERY large family and we all own PlayStations. So when I found out at the beginning of the year that the PlayStation 4 will be released, I did everything possible to contain my excitement and to ensure that I pre-order my console before supplies run out, and I also managed to convert a good handful of Xbox fans into pre-ordering their own PS4 console. I finally was able to pre-order myself a PS4 from Target online, I even went to my bank and signed up for a completely new and separate account (this account is specifically for purchasing my PS4 and I opened up this account in anticipation of Murphy's Law), and I made sure to always keep a minimum of $1,000 (which is every penny that I have been saving since the announced release of the PS4) in this account at all times. After successfully pre-ordering my PS4 from Target online, for approximately $568.76, I started the waiting game again and have been counting the days until November 15, much like a little child in the hours before Christmas would. Then something happened, I woke up this morning (October 15th) and decided to purchase a few more games for my PS4, and when I logged into my Target account and noticed that my pre-order had been cancelled without my authorization and without notifying me in any way shape or form, I sat there thinking this is all a bad dream. When I finally realized that this had actually happened I immediately contacted Target and spoke with a handful of representatives (they also informed me that there are no supervisors available to speak to) and they claimed that my order had been cancelled due to lack of funds in my account, which is ABSOLUTELY impossible and I immediately checked my bank account while on the phone with them and still had $1,000 in available funds. Target claims that they sent me an email notice of cancellation, which they didn't because I checked and I didn't receive any missed call from them either, by this point I am beyond livid. So how could this have happened, here is what I believe happened; a couple of weeks ago I called up Target and asked a representative if it would be possible for me to personally pick up my PS4 from an actual store rather than have it shipped to me (again this is do to Murphy's Law) because I was starting to worry that it might not be home to sign for my package when it arrives, and the sales representative advised me that at this point it would be too late to modify my order and the only way would be to request a new product order, which I explicitly told him to leave my existing order as is and NOT to change anything at all because I will just find a way to be home when my package is due to arrive, he then informed me that my initial order is still valid and nothing has been changed. Someone over at Target cancelled my order for reasons beyond my understanding, perhaps they couldn't find one for themselves and decided to take mine, whatever their motives might have been, the bottom line is that I was still wrongfully robbed of mine! Like I had initially stated, I am simply asking if you could please allow me the chance to purchase a PS4 console, whether it be online or if I have to wait outside of a store, so that I could still have my own PS4 come November 15th. I realize that this fumbled transaction with target has nothing to do with Sony Corp. I am just hoping that you'll allow me the opportunity to purchase one of your consoles that you are holding back for people whom have not been able to pre-order themselves one yet. I have over 4,000 friends on Facebook alone and have already expressed my distaste for the way Target has handled this matter, I honestly still feel violated in a sense. Anyway, I genuinely thank you for your consideration on this issue and hope that I can still look forward to 11/15/13. Sincerely, Daniel Marcovici
Oh wow! This is shocking news! I only hope that more people are willing to help spread this hard truth 😳
So after almost 2 weeks with my LG G2 phone, I must honestly say that I am extremely impressed with EVERYTHING this phenomenal device has to offer, especially its superb battery life. This is the best phone I have EVER owned.
I highly recommend this phone, even more so than any other phone I've owned. I'm coming from the Samsung Galaxy line of phones, and I have to admit, LG really knocked it out of the park with the G2 😁
The choice is yours + Norman Farmer , but I have no doubt that you will NOT at all be disappointed with the G2.
Yes indeed, that is apparently the only upside, although, I remember reading they that most of that is being reserved for all of the unnecessary junk that Sammy loves to add to their phones. So in actuality, it would be the same as having a 2gb ram phone. The screen on the G2 is far better though, believe me when I tell you that I was weighing the same options between the note 3 and the G2. LoL
They say that a picture is worth a thousand words, need I say more!
Hey + LG USA Mobile , I just bought the G2 and love everything about it, except that I can't seem get Polaris viewer 5 to edit my documents via text input. Any idea why?
Hey + LG USA Mobile , I finally received my LG G2 and I have to admit that it's not at all what I hoped it would be, it's even better than I have anticipated. I love this phone and it is absolutely gorgeous and fluid, it is one sexy beast of a device. Thank you LG, you made me fall in love with you all over again.
I know, phone is AWESOME 😅 What color did you get? It has so many fantastic features and I find myself staying up late at night trying to figure them all out. Oh man, listen to me, I sound like a little kid again. LoL
I was going to get black but they were out of stock and on back order, even online, so that's why I got white, and then I hear everyone complaining about fingerprints on the black one and I'm thankful I got white again. LoL
Yeah, just get yourself a case and you should be just fine. Omg, I never imagined that I would be that guy who keeps his phone in a windowed case, but I'll be honest, it is freaking awesome!!!
Hey + Kris Nelson , is your Polaris Viewer 5 working properly on your G2? Did your phone also come pre-installed with Polaris Office 5 or just the Polaris Viewer 5? I'm having unanswered issues here with mine and I've already emailed LG, Polaris and Google about these compatibility issues 😳
That is crazy weird because my phone only came pre- installed with the Polaris Viewer 5, not the full office version and therefore I can't edit via text input. Then I tried to download it from the Google play store and I get an error message stating that my device is not compatible with this app, not even the previous version of Polaris Office 4 is available for download because apparently that's not compatible with my device either. I am at my wits end here and don't know what to do:-(
I have already posted and checked a few forum websites and still no luck. My next step is to give + T-Mobile a call, hopefully they'll be able to help me. I have always used Polaris Office and love its user friendly layout.
It has been a very long time since I've seen anything as moving as this video. Please watch it and share.
Hey + LG USA Mobile , Could you PLEASE tell us if the LG G2 that is being released for + T-Mobile will indeed have 32gb of storage or 16gb??? I honestly CAN'T make due with just 16gb
Lmao!!! So true + Kris Nelson and that's why you should come on over and join the + T-Mobile family
Let's try to hurry on up with the extended service expansion + T-Mobile , because + Kris Nelson would like to come on board, but she just needs better reception in her area
This has to be one of the best pranks ever! I honestly thought that one guy was going to kick all of their a$#@ afterwards! Still LMFAO
I can't understand how people can make these false claims and Ebay allows it on their site. This sellers promises a delivery date of September, and the release date for the PS4 is mid November! Hmm, something sounds a little fishy here!
I think I must've been living under a rock somewhere, because I haven't heard of this band before today. Oh man, I fell in love with their sound seconds into this song, and now I'm hooked. I just bought their album.
Hmm. These are the people in charge of protecting and serving the public. Makes one think. #F
+ CloudBox Lacie Hello, my name is Daniel. I am considering whether or not to buy the LaCie CloudBox. I only have a couple of questions first. Can I upload content from my phone, tablet or laptop, outside of my home network, onto my cloudbox in order to free up precious space on these devices? Secondly, can I also stream movies stored on my cloudbox via a smartphone, tablet or laptop outside of my home network for instant viewing without having to first download the movie onto these devices??
Hello + Seagate Support . I am interested in purchasing the Seagate Central, however, I'm curious if you can stream movies via a tablet or smartphone when you're away from your home's Wi-Fi router/network? I don't mean to download it onto your smartphone or tablet, but to actually stream it.
Oh okay, thank you. Would I be able to stream from my laptop outside of my home network via Wi-Fi access at a friend's or family's house? I am actually on 5th Ave as we speak and standing in front of Best Buy waiting on your response before I decide whether or not to purchase this product. LoL Thanks
And this, my dear friends, is why I'm going back to LG. Now if they could just hurry up and release the G2 already, because I'm dying to get my hands on it
Oh wow! This is absolutely fascinating. I couldn't even scroll down to the bottom fast enough!
YES!!! This is EXACTLY what is needed in 2014's line up of super smartphones. Technology is advancing at a rate that had been severely underestimated, and so must our smartphones. We need more storage space, either by means if higher internal storage space or by duel micro sd card slots. Whichever method is acceptable, just so long as we get more of it. This might just bring me back to Samsung ;-)
I think the LG G2 is an absolute masterpiece of a phone. I'm also disappointed that it only comes with a 32gb max internal storage though.
This is a total game changer for companies like + Samsung Mobile . Time to step your game up guys!
For all the T-mobile subscribers out there. If you want better service and coverage in your area, then take action and make it happen.
What's even funnier is that some might not even get it. LOL
As a T-mobile subscriber and a gadget enthusiast, this news just made my heart skip a beat. Seriously! LoL It might be safe to say that Ubuntu would knock out Windows Mobile OS. I can't wait for this phone to come out already!!!
Wow! Talk about being swallowed up by the ground. Scary stuff.
This video is amazing and should put things into perspective for us all. Watch and share. Check out this video:
You see, it's really not that hard at all. You guys over at Microsoft should take lessons! Lmfao
I am severely disappointed by this move HTC. I am a T-mobile subscriber and was looking forward to getting my hands on a 64gb version of the HTC One. Then you went and gave AT&T the exclusive rights to the 64gb version. I was one of your biggest advocates and was planning on switching from Samsung over to HTC again. Sadly now I will have to give Samsung my business once more. Why on earth would you do phone exclusives with carriers:-( You could do color exclusives but not when it comes to specs like storage. I am so disappointed HTC. That really hurt as I was looking forward to coming back, perhaps next time because I plan on sticking with T-mobile !!!
Couldn't be happier to be a T-mobile customer. This is the greatest news EVER!!!
Makes me want to switch to T-mobile and becoming a pink hat wearing cowboy. Oh wait, I'm already a T-mobile subscriber. Guess I'm half way there then. Lmfao!!!
I'm at a total loss for words after watching this video! Totally unexpected!!!
Merry Christmas to all of my family, friends and loved ones out there!!!
Love this song and time of year. Merry Christmas all.
What I felt like when my professor told me that I'm lucky he doesn't give me an automatic fail on my final exam after showing up 2 mins late to class when my train was stuck between stations for 32 mins through no fault of my own!!!
Yup, I love my SGS3, just recently added the Samsung Galaxy Note 10.1 to my line up Samsung Galaxy S3 Sales Highest After iPhone 5 Announced | Androi... - - shared from Taptu
Voters should be required to take an aptitude IQ test prior to casting their ballots !!! LoL
Help preserve good quality material from becoming a long lost, sadly forgotten art form.
