Here's a video from CameraLabs.com comparing the new Sony A7r to micro four thirds... What do you guys think?
Thanks + Mike Hendren for the updated community profile photo of the E-M1.
Here's a video from CameraLabs.com comparing the new Sony A7r to micro four thirds... What do you guys think?
Sony may have just put a huge dent in m43! What do you guys think about the future of m43 when we now have the A7 & A7r?
I've put this post in the "GH3 Killer" category. I'm sure most of you have heard by now, but if you haven't, read on!
They're coming out with a Zeiss 55mm f/1.8 that looks pretty small. Still researching video capabilities.
+ James Haydon Great pionts. Zeiss have a 55mm f/1.8 FE coming that's not really that big though. I'm curious how long it will take, if ever, for lens technology to shrink the full-frame lens?
What Did Sony Just Do? A7 & A7r When I first started doing my research into what camera system to buy into, I knew that I wanted an established system with lots of lens options. I also knew that I wanted a system that provided the very best in cutting edge cameras on the market. Something...
Here's an AS30 vs AS15 video that confirms the actual cams are the exact same size. Its the housing that's changed. Skip to 2:45 . If you keep watching he shows a video comparison that looks like the AS30 is color balanced better.
Found this unboxing of the HDR-AS30V on YouTube. I really think the size difference is in the housing and not the actual cam itself. I've yet to see one in person to confirm. Can anyone confirm this?
I sure as heck wouldn't do this but good to know I can.
Here's a review from Steve Huff of the new #Voigtlander 42.5mm f/0.95. There are sample images too! Seems to be pretty darn good.
Take a look. Your thoughts?
+ Don DeCaire What do you plan on using it for mostly?
Luckily, the action cams have fantastic sound as long as its outside the case...
Did Sony just make the perfect VLOG camera? ( HDR-MV1 ) If you're into vlogging like a lot of us are now days, then you'll be interested in this new Sony device, the HDR-MV1 . The MV1 is modele...
I've just rounded up all the videos about the just announced E-M1... Here they are. Is this thing the GH3 killer? I don't really think so. What do you guys think?
Okay, I've just rounded up all the videos I could find on YouTube for the new E-M1... Here they are.
I don't know guys... Anyone else thinking of unloading their GH3 for the EM1?
+ Joe Gunawan fotosiamo Haha. I know. I've got the GH3+Grip that could be going for sale soon too. Only downside with the E-M1 is the video. 1080/30p, at this point, is seriously a joke. Other than that, the cam looks phenomenal.
+ martez gordon Im sure the GH4 is going to be sick! + Mat MirrorLessons Yeah, the video on the GH3 is soo good, its almost in a league of it own. The only real thing they should've done was put a better EVF in it.
Looks like we may be getting the OM to MFT Speed Booster after all...
Looks like we'll be getting Android 4.3 in October for the GS4. Makes me wonder if we'll ever see 4.4?? www.ThePhotoSoup.com
+ Joseph Allen Yes, I agree. Though the water proof case being smaller is quite nice, I'm not going to jump at the upgrade unless the video quality is MUCH better. Like clearer, more detailed 1080p or 2k or 4k or something.
+ Ricardo Nojima Thanks bro. Makes sense. Hopefully now, while in the case, you can still hear 'something'. Although, as for diving, I think seeing is better than seeing and hearing.
Newest post about the E-M1...
First [video] rumors about the upcoming E-M1 tell us that it is most likely not a GH3 killer. If the rumors are true, the highest record quality will be 1080/30p @ 24Mbps. I really hope this isn't true though as that was the reason why I didn't buy the E-M5.
First [video] rumors about the upcoming E-M1 tell us that it is most likely not a GH3 killer. If the rumors are true, the highest record quality will be 1080/30p @ 24Mbps. I really hope this isn't true though as that was the reason why I didn't buy the E-M5.
Here's a new image of the E-M1 from the top.
New splash site for the E-M1. Sign up to get notified. Rumored to be officially announced on September 10.
Here's a new set of images of the OM-D E-M1 along with the upcoming 12-40mm f/2.8.
Supposedly the new Olympus 12-40mm f/2.8 is of higher quality than the Panny 12-35mm... This would be awesome because the Panny was already really good!
+ Steve Huff Just posted a quick look at the new Voigtlander 42.5mm f/0.95 lens!
RayFlash's new 'universal' ringflash adapter uses a new clamping design. The original ringflash was compatible with only a few Canon and Nikon flash units. One ringflash adapter to rule them all?
Just added an "Off Topic" category to this community. In this section we can post anything [related to photography] not directly related to the GH3 or Micro Four Thirds... Like what I've just shared here!
From Steve Huff on the E-M1.
Did the OM-D E-M1 leak on purpose?
Can you post some of your Action Cam stuff to the ”Sony Action Cams (SAC)" community? Trying to get that community going...
Cool image. Have you tried this in black and white?﻿ Also maybe cropping out the other girl's half eye.
