Sony A7 and A7r camera leaked, expect official announcement on October 16th
"60% of Americans say the Democratic and Republican parties do such a poor job representing the American people that an alternative, third major party is needed."
The documents are linked in the article. And it does say no plots.
WATCH: "That increase [in incarceration rates] that we saw, 80 percent of that through our analysis, was driven by policy changes, not by the increased criminality of citizens in the United States. One of the things that I think needs to be done—and we know that this is politically difficult—is there has to be reform in sentencing."
I hope to see you at + Nerdapalooza this weekend!
"The fundamental situation that the debt growth rate significantly outpaces that of fiscal income and gross domestic product remains unchanged," Dagong said in the statement, adding Washington's solvency was vulnerable as old debts were still repaid through raising new debts. "Hence the government is still approaching the verge of default crisis, a situation that cannot be substantially alleviated in the foreseeable future," it said. ------------------------------------- Exactly. The Chinese need to stop enabling the US government by buying debt. Cut them off. Otherwise this administration will keep demanding more spending and Boehner will pass it on through.
The future cannot sustain America’s growing debt.
A bunch of filmmakers using Google Glass to tell the story of the 2 communities in my neighborhood, Crown Heights in Brooklyn.
New Sony A7R Full-Frame mirrorless takes computational photography to a new level! I got a sneak preview of the whole new Sony camera system. Here’s what you need to know. I’m not gonna take eight paragraphs to tell you the basics. You’re smart; here are the key factors about the new Sony A7R: Full-Frame, 36 Megapixels, Weather-sealed, Crazy autofocus tricks, Much improved noise-reduction, Built-in WIFI and NFC, Improved-everything-else. Am I switching? Yes! Absolutely! I consider this a major upgrade from my NEX-7. Read my full write-up over on my blog:
The guy in this review suggests using metabones adapters: Sony A7 & A7R Hands-On Field Test I had not heard of them before but it looks like some of their Nikon and Canon adapters for the NEX system do support autofocus, and sometimes even stabilization. I think I would like to have both in basically all of my glass except macro and pancakes. I would hope that competition with old lenses would help keep down FE prices, but we'll see. I am also a little torn between the faster, hybrid autofocus on the A7 and the higher pixel count on the A7r. And yeah it is a little bit frustrating how much Sony's flash lineup sucks compared to Nikon and Canon.
Even though California was ordered by a federal court to reduce its overcrowded prison populations, Gov. Jerry Brown just vetoed a bill that would have stopped nonviolent drug offenders from being sent to prison.
An incredibly compelling 5 minute video on the NSA that I am proud to have helped fund. Please watch, share and visit www.theNSAvideo.com .
This could be huge. I wonder how much this is to protect the Guardian from the governments.
The copies at The Guardian were destroyed by armed government thugs with sledgehammers who broke into the main offices unannounced in the wee hours of the morning, and left by arresting secretaries and reporters unrelated to the documents. They even sledgehammered monitors and keyboards, ya know, just in case.
Criminal defendants are fighting to uncover what type of electronic surveillance really occurred in their cases, and how information was obtained by the government. In our new amicus brief, we ask a federal district court to order the government to provide more information about how the Drug Enforcement Administration potentially used these surveillance programs in criminal cases.
It's not like blackmail has never been used by government officials before. The FBI's J. Edgar Hoover was said to be quite the master of turning inconvenient secrets into cooperative behavior.
In just 1 day in 2012, the NSA copied 444,743 address books from Yahoo, 105,068 from Hotmail, 82,857 from FB, and 33,697 from Gmail. The NSA has not been authorized by Congress or the special intelligence court to collect email contact lists in bulk.
I don't know and I am loathe to speculate.
Sony A7 and A7r camera leaked, expect official announcement on October 16th
‘Bipartisan bill pulls together existing efforts to dramatically reform the NSA in the wake of Snowden disclosures’ — Via + Trevor Lyman
‘Why is the toughest city in America so scared by a great new way of renting rooms?’
+ Nick Gillespie writes in + The New York Times that "Much of what the feds spend money on is either unnecessary or ineffective … or both. The sequestration and the shutdown force voters and politicians to engage in serious and hopefully consequential cost-benefit analyses."
That's the opposite of what he meant. He doesn't believe sports should get tax money either. It a direct, not inverted comparison.
Edward Snowden interview: "NSA programs hurt our country. If we can't understand the policies of our Govt, we can grant our consent in regulation. We don't have an Oversight Problem, We have an Undersight Problem. DOJ is unwilling to prosecute high officials that lied to the country on camera, but they'll stop at nothing to persecute someone who told them the TRUTH." + The Guardian
What do you get for 3 years of work and more than $500 million of taxpayer money? A program that has under performed and under delivered. SHARE if you're tired of excuses!
WATCH: + Nick Gillespie lays out three reasons why the only good debt deal is a dirty deal - one that ties any increase in borrowing capacity to specific cuts in future spending.
It's roundtable day, I guess. Here's another great one (90 minutes) on the war on journalists and whistleblowers where journalist Alexa O'Brien and Australian commentator Robert Manne are joined by video conference with Wikileaks founder Julian Assange, Guardian Journalist Glenn Greenwald and Chelsea Manning's Lawyer David Coombs on stage at the Sydney Opera House (moderated by Bernard Keane of Crikey).
‘ + Reason Magazine just released the trailer for their new film about the war on drugs, America’s Longest War, to be released later this year! We love seeing more and more movies coming out portraying the failures of the drug war!’ — Via + Cathy Reisenwitz
A brilliant, well-researched, and funny (really!) analysis of speed limits on highways and their effect on safety as well as their relationship to engineering and citations as a primary source of funding. 15 minutes.
I have not seen any evidence suggesting, much less proving, that any of those suggestions would lead to safer transit. Even if one is effective, it's another thing to prove that enforcement would be worth (direct and indirect) costs. I wouldn't endorse any of those approaches in the absence of highly compelling evidence for its utility. Regardless, such suggestions are orthogonal to the issue. We know that making speed limits better follow common practice increases safety, full stop. The research demonstrates that we don't need either complementary or restrictive co-measures to be introduced for this method to be effective. Whether any of those suggestions above are worthwhile is a matter to be judged for each on a case by case basis. None has any particular correlation to speed limits, and some (like deliberately crippling consumer goods) are offensive to consumer rights.
Or we can just ignore the human problem until eventually one day it becomes illegal for humans to operate vehicles manually.
More outstanding, responsible financial stewardship and prudent use of (borrowed from China) tax dollars.
‘Steve Kroft reports on the alarming state of the federal disability program, which has exploded in size in the last six years and could become the first federal benefits program to run out of money.’ — Via + Project On Government Oversight
This isn't about veterans, who have an agency in the VA with its own funding apart from this. This is about widespread and growing abuse of general disability benefits for conditions that can't be demonstrated.
"Many reporters that I interviewed here in Washington, D.C. say that government officials are afraid to talk to them," explains veteran journalist Leonard Downie Jr., author of the new report documenting the Obama administration's crackdown on whistleblowers — and the journalists who interview them. "It makes it very difficult for the press to hold the administration accountable for its actions," Downie says. You can read the report on the Committee to Protect Journalists website. #journalism #obama #whistleblowers
Want to know how the NSA deploys malware and hacks computers? We wrote an in-depth explanation of what we know.
‘America has around 5% of the world’s population, and 25% of its prisoners. Roughly one in every 107 American adults is behind bars, a rate nearly five times that of Britain, seven times that of France and 24 times that of India. Its prison population has more than tripled since 1980. The growth rate has been even faster in the federal prison system: from around 24,000—its level, more or less, from the 1940s until the early 1980s—to more than 219,000 today.’
A journey through Stasi headquarters with thoughts on the NSA. "It worries me that no one in power has asked whether what the NSA does is good or evil, only whether it is legal. It worries me because the law works as well when it is evil as when it is good. It is the job of the people who make society to guide that law, or overrun it when it turns evil."
Adding to the debt is not a partisan issue. Check out our Debt Ceiling Briefing Book to learn more about America's debt problem. SHARE if you think Washington needs to reduce our debt!
"Increasing America's debt weakens us domestically and internationally. Leadership means that 'the buck stops here.' Instead, Washington is shifting the burden of bad choices today onto the backs of our children and grandchildren. America has a debt problem and a failure of leadership. Americans deserve better. I therefore intend to oppose the effort to increase America's debt limit." -Sen. Barack Obama, March 16, 2006
"We all benefit from the amazing volunteer work done by the open source community. That’s why we keep asking ourselves how to take the model pioneered with our Vulnerability Reward Program - and employ it to improve the security of key third-party software critical to the health of the entire Internet."
From the Obama administration to the NYPD, government in America refuses to follow the Constitution.
We're taking the NSA fight to DC. Join EFF and thousands from across the country on 10/26.
REPORT: OBAMA BRINGS CHILLING EFFECT ON JOURNALISM "The U.S. government's aggressive prosecution of leaks and efforts to control information are having a chilling effect on journalists and government whistle-blowers, according to a report released Thursday on U.S. press freedoms under the Obama administration."
‘The Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms and Explosives has blocked the publication of a book about the “Fast and Furious” scandal, citing concerns about the organization’s relationships with the DEA and FBI, as well as a risk to the morale of their field agents.’
Whistleblowers (L-R) Coleen Rowley (FBI), Thomas Drake (NSA), Jesselyn Raddack (DoJ) and Ray McGovern (CIA) present Edward Snowden with a Sam Adams Award for ‘Integrity in Intelligence’ in Moscow. WATCH whistleblowers talking about #Snowden in RT's studio: (Photo by Sunshinepress/Getty Images)
‘You don’t have any idea what kind of things are going on. So you have to start just spitting off random questions: Does the government have a moon base? Does the government have a talking bear? Does the government have a cyborg army? If you don't know what kind of things the government might have, you just have to guess and it becomes a totally ridiculous game of 20 questions.’
