There's a slew of interesting indie games that will be cross-play with the Vita. Other than some of those, it's Knack and that game set in Victorian times for me. The title is a date, I'm just unsure of that date. 1886, perhaps?
Is this how all of you spent the past couple hours? Tell me you put a book down to comment, or were walking to the museum or something.
Whatever I did had to be better than this tomfoolery.
No wonder people like Grand Theft Auto. They can screw around like in real life, yet escape real life at the same time. It fulfills two desires at once!
I like the social aspect of this game.
I'm just glad I don't have friends, so I don't get these requests. sigh...
+ Richard Dixon do I need to remind you what a good friend I am?
I think they're all modest now because of a tepid market. But I also rarely pre-order anything. I've done it only twice, and in the last two years: - LA Noire, which is awesome, but I've yet to beat because it felt like equal fun and "work" (I need to play it in shifts) - PS Vita, because I knew how much I enjoyed my old first-gen fugly gray DS and my PSP Otherwise, I get annoyed by pre-order purchases that give people more for their buck.
Where's Disney Infinity? I thought it's coming later this year. My kid will like that.
+ Jason Long really? Damn shows how much attention I'm able to spend these days! Cool. Still not sure if I'll consider it or Skylanders Swap Force. In the meantime, Skylanders Giants better get cheap!
That smaller game featured in the demonstrations, where you're a robot made up of smaller pieces, seems fun.
Yes + Jeremy Kalman it's called Knack. Thanks - I knew it was one word, but couldn't remember at the time. It looks almost as entertaining as scraping off dog poop from my boot using + Richard Dixon 's anti-Sony face.
I don't get the appeal of Assassin's Creed games. They all look exactly the same to me. I suppose if I started with the first, and played every monthly game since, I'd feel differently. It just seems like a guy running up from behind and stabbing a guy, ad nauseum.
That's the thing - I started with the first, and tried a beta multiplayer of one, and it was the same thing. Suppose all games are like that, but damn if there weren't already 11 of them to keep me from getting the 2nd and moving along. (smiley face)
I like good stories. So is it a continuation? Seems like a different guy in a different time taking up the same suit. I will say the game plays smoothly.
+ Jason Long it seemed cool at first, but I don't always play games the moment they come out. Then when I think AC III came out, and I was reading about DLC, an announcement of AC IV hit and I instantly clicked X on the DLC window and never looked at an Assassin's Creed game again. How do you announce a new game before you're done with DLC of the current one?
Ha, and in 2013, if I ever saw a guy in a hood sneaking up to me, I'd just clock him and claim self-defense.
+ Richard Dixon Sony doesn't have to do a lot - they just need to stay the course. It's Microsoft that had to do a lot just to get the opinion people are just now having about it.
Damn + Richard Dixon there you go again, redirecting the conversation to be against Sony. Let's stick with the year 2013?
