Looking for a Samsung/Sony 32 inch TV ــ 2013 - I'm looking for a 32 inch TV for a budget of around 35k. I'd actually prefer Samsung or Sony. I can give LG a shot as well. I dont know why,......
Micromax’s new face is Hugh Jackman ــ 2013 - New Delhi-based smartphone manufacturer Micromax has stepped outside Indian borders to rope in its brand ambassador. Academy Award winner Hugh......
Moving from PHP to .NET ــ 2013 - I have 6 years experience in PHP/MySQL and working as a freelancer. Now I want to move to CMM3/ CMM5 companies on the basic of .net technologies...
gaming mouse and keyboard for 10k ــ 2013 - gaming mouse: i use claw grip and the mouse will be used for FPS games mainly COD. Keyboard:mechanical cherry MX (blue, red) back light not......
Asphalt 8 compatibility issue ــ 2013 - Well, I have an Xperia ZR, and it does not support Asphalt 8. As far as I know, it has pretty decent configuration, 1.5GHz quad core processor, 2......
Monitor for console gaming [HDMI required] ــ 2013 - requirements: I am currently using HP W1707 17" 1440X900 monitor which supports HDCP has features DVI-D but i can't get it working with xbox......
YouTube Video Optimization - Rank Videos in YouTube Search - Allow me to optimize your YouTube videos to rank well in YouTube search. Most optimized videos also rank well in Google search for the same keywords....
Paypal alternatives in India?? - Hello members, I need a payment gateway to accept payments in india. Paypal will be best alternative but it doesnt supports personel payments in...
Can some body guide me to how to receive Digital Points Likes
WP Fastest Cache v 0.6.7 - Cache Timeout - All cached files are deleted at the determinated time. صورة:...
How to do Guest Posting..?? - Hello Everyone.. Can anybody tell me in proper way that how to do guest posting..?? Just before some thread I have read that Guest Posting is...
Anybody Selling or Trading quality hardlinks..hit me up - Hit me up if you have any quality hardlinks for sale or exchange, I am interested
Study Abroad - MS and MBA in USA ــ 2013 - In this thread you can find all the information related with USA study for student who are interested in study abroad. *Opportunities Gained from......
Borderlands 2 GOTY MP and Co-Op Discussion ــ 2013 - OK so lot many of us have recently ordered Borderlands GOTY Edition and so wanted to start game together in Co-Op. So this thread is basically... OK...
mobile under 8-9k ــ 2013 - i need a mobile under 8-9k,required feature. 1)should be able to play 720p videos atleast. 2)3.5g,bluetooth,wifi,tethering,etc. 3)mostly android......
facebook viral applications - Hello everybody! Can sb tell me where I can buy or download for free viral fb apps like Which celebrity you look alike or How many children you will...
Only need a printed value from included.php file - Hi guys, - in index.php, i included another file, that is included.php PHP: * include "included.php"; - this is the included.php file...
Web Designer! - Hello. I am looking for a web designer - preferably an American or someone from the United Kingdom, Canada, Australia, etc. I need someone who is...
Site being indexed but blog is nowhere to be seen in SERPs? - My site isn't very old, but it's indexed in Google. I can find the homepage and all the other pages except my blog. None of my blog entries show up...
Blog Posts on SEO ONLY Related Sites - Hello, We are currently looking to purchase blog posts on SEO blogs. Please note, we are ONLY INTERESTED IN SEO BLOGS AND NOT BUSINESS/WEBMASTER...
Penguin 2.1 targeting links from article directories - Hi, I noticed today that two websites I own, which are linked to article directories, as i used to submit articles there, dropped rankings. My friend...
Please Enter!!! - Hello,everybody in fact i need your help to win a contest on facebook all i need from you all just vote for me it wont take more than a minute...
Traditional work hours are a myth: Why companies should ditch the 9-to-5 standard ــ
Premium WebTemplates Query ــ 2013 - Well.. I am thinking of building websites at domestic level... using paid templates available on net. Will the paid templates provide database......
External Hard disk in Rs.3000/- ــ 2013 - To all Digitians, I want to buy a new External Hard Disk to store game setups and movies. Is 500GB will suffice my need? Any product from any...
Facebook updates iOS app to support editing of comments and posts, attaching photos t
Microsoft revamps its OS X Remote Desktop app. Making it easier to access your PC fro
