Very nice, so pleased I don't need to rip mine apart now Enjoying the camera so far, though can see quite a bit of room for improvements. It's great for creativity and secret shot taking.
+ Roman Ruiz I'm planning on writing something up on it, but off the top of my head it's things such as (I'm using it with an iOS device): - battery life seemed very poor on my first proper outing (a few hours max) - on that note the camera itself shouldn't open if it doesn't have the power to close, I had to walk around with the zoom out and lens exposed until I could recharge. - ability to shoot RAW - ability to set the date and time within the app (my images start on 01/01/2013 - ability to lock the rotation of the device (it tries to upright itself regardless of orientation, which means just as I'm turning to get the desired angle, it right's itself and I lose it) The app itself isn't wonderful either. It functions, but can have a bit of lag and connection issues at times. I want this camera to be used in place of my Sony NEX-7 as an every day walkaround (though JPG only limits that), and so I want it to be quick to use. At the moment you have to switch over to the wifi and then connect the device, it would make sense to me that the app would automatically start the process of switching to the right wifi when you open it so that you are ready to use with less effort and in a shorter space of time.
QX100 which I ordered today - hoping it'll replace my NEX-7 as the daily carry around camera
Very nice, so pleased I don't need to rip mine apart now Enjoying the camera so far, though can see quite a bit of room for improvements. It's great for creativity and secret shot taking.
+ Roman Ruiz I'm planning on writing something up on it, but off the top of my head it's things such as (I'm using it with an iOS device): - battery life seemed very poor on my first proper outing (a few hours max) - on that note the camera itself shouldn't open if it doesn't have the power to close, I had to walk around with the zoom out and lens exposed until I could recharge. - ability to shoot RAW - ability to set the date and time within the app (my images start on 01/01/2013 - ability to lock the rotation of the device (it tries to upright itself regardless of orientation, which means just as I'm turning to get the desired angle, it right's itself and I lose it) The app itself isn't wonderful either. It functions, but can have a bit of lag and connection issues at times. I want this camera to be used in place of my Sony NEX-7 as an every day walkaround (though JPG only limits that), and so I want it to be quick to use. At the moment you have to switch over to the wifi and then connect the device, it would make sense to me that the app would automatically start the process of switching to the right wifi when you open it so that you are ready to use with less effort and in a shorter space of time.
QX100 which I ordered today - hoping it'll replace my NEX-7 as the daily carry around camera
Sony A7r Finally + Sony have announced the full frame mirrorless cameras, which means I have some thinking to do, and luckily I have plenty of time to do it. Over the past year I have really enjoyed using the NEX-7, and have started to like that more than my Canon 5D Mark II. It's small, light, versatile, and the quality is very good. I like the innovation that Sony bring to the market, and so secured the QX100 smartphone camera as soon as that came out; it needs a lot of improving, but I love the concept. So now we have a full frame which, for my purposes, seems to be perfect. I enjoy travel, but hate having to carry all of my heavy gear with me; I enjoy the NEX-7, but dislike the fact it's not full frame. This could be an ideal solution. My Canon is currently in the repair shop and I'm awaiting a quote on fixing it, so pretty soon I'll need to consider if I do fix it, buy a replacement, or ditch Canon and move in a new direction. I can't see myself going for Nikon, so Sony are certainly a major consideration for me here. I doubt I will rush out and buy it though. Canon and Nikon are reliable. Sony are innovative but seem to jump from one fad to another; rushing out to grab the QX100 was okay at £400. At £1,600 this would not be as easy to justify. I'm thinking I may end up hiring one for a week or two over the Christmas period to see if I like it or not. I'm hoping for a New York trip in January where I will be making a large purchase, either a new lens for the Canon, a new DSLR body, or potentially now a new body altogether. I hate making decisions, especially costly ones. However I have to say I'm pretty excited by how the camera industry may respond and change over the next few years, and I think Sony are doing a great job at bringing out new products that can stir up the market.
Southgate Many months ago I spent an afternoon travelling on the north section of the Piccadilly line, checking out the stations between Cockfosteres and Holloway Road. It was quite a fun thing to do on a miserable day. I met a fellow photographer at this station, which was also nice. I was able to take photos in all of them, and it was only when I was at my old stomping ground of Wood Green did someone stop me and state I wasn’t allowed to take photos. Wearing headphones, even though I wasn’t listening to any music, allowed me to ignore him long enough to get the shots I wanted though, and then I politely moved on. In other news, I have now picked up my Canon from the repair shop and so it’s once again working. I had a sensor clean and a replacement top cover put on as well, so I’ve now said goodbye to the cracked body I had from a previous dropping; it also seems a rear button that would occasionally play up has also been fixed. If you look at it now it could almost be new. Well, if you look at it from the right angle that is. And if you squint a bit.
Sony Alpha A7 video demo! At the Sony press event I took time out to film a video demo of the new Alpha A7 and A7r full-frame mirrorless cameras which explains the new features, shows how their size compares to Micro Four Thirds and also discusses the death of the NEX brand! Give me 15 minutes and I'll tell you everything you need to know, or at least most of the good stuff! + Sony My hands-on preview article with further details is linked below:
Bordiau This is the north entrance to the Bordiau hall at the Royal Museum of the Armed Forces and Military History in Brussels, Belgium. Next time I go to Brussels I’m hoping it’s open at the time I arrive so that I can go inside, I’ve seen some great photos of a plane hanging on the other side of the semi-circular window you see in this image and I would very much like to capture a shot of it. It’s located at Parc du Cinquantenaire which was pretty close to the hotel I had booked, so it was a great place to start my Sunday morning.
Sony A7r Finally + Sony have announced the full frame mirrorless cameras, which means I have some thinking to do, and luckily I have plenty of time to do it. Over the past year I have really enjoyed using the NEX-7, and have started to like that more than my Canon 5D Mark II. It's small, light, versatile, and the quality is very good. I like the innovation that Sony bring to the market, and so secured the QX100 smartphone camera as soon as that came out; it needs a lot of improving, but I love the concept. So now we have a full frame which, for my purposes, seems to be perfect. I enjoy travel, but hate having to carry all of my heavy gear with me; I enjoy the NEX-7, but dislike the fact it's not full frame. This could be an ideal solution. My Canon is currently in the repair shop and I'm awaiting a quote on fixing it, so pretty soon I'll need to consider if I do fix it, buy a replacement, or ditch Canon and move in a new direction. I can't see myself going for Nikon, so Sony are certainly a major consideration for me here. I doubt I will rush out and buy it though. Canon and Nikon are reliable. Sony are innovative but seem to jump from one fad to another; rushing out to grab the QX100 was okay at £400. At £1,600 this would not be as easy to justify. I'm thinking I may end up hiring one for a week or two over the Christmas period to see if I like it or not. I'm hoping for a New York trip in January where I will be making a large purchase, either a new lens for the Canon, a new DSLR body, or potentially now a new body altogether. I hate making decisions, especially costly ones. However I have to say I'm pretty excited by how the camera industry may respond and change over the next few years, and I think Sony are doing a great job at bringing out new products that can stir up the market.
Red alert I’m not sure why there were several fires on the outskirts of Riga while I was there earlier this year. I noticed them as I was arriving in Latvia on the plane, and when I was leaving too; I also noticed them whenever I was at the top of a nice tall building – you can see a large one on the left of the horizon in this image, and smaller one to the right. While on top of this building, which is a university, the sun was going down and the lights were coming on, which included the red warning lights which I thought were pretty cool extending from the building. We spend so much time trying to shoot around things and get some items out of our shots to focus on what’s behind them, it’s nice to sometimes just bring that foreground item in as the subject.
F-bomb Walking around Riga, Latvia I found a door that was slightly ajar. The building the door was attached, and indeed leading in, to was run down and had graffiti on it, but that’s not unfamiliar for Eastern Europe; I actually find it part of the charm. I pulled the door open further, and it moved with relative ease. A stream of air moved over me, indicating there was likely to be another window or door open somewhere else in the building. Stepping inside my eyes took a few seconds to adjust to the dimness that stood in contrast to the bright sun of the outside; when they did adjust I was in a long corridor, with three sets of stairs – like this one – running up the left hand side, and more doors on the right hand side, graffiti and litter were everywhere. I walked slowly down the corridor taking in the scene, wondering how long it had been in this state and what kind of people had been here before me. Then I heard a noise. A door had opened and shut, and now there were footsteps. I took a moment to assess where they were coming from and realized that someone was walking down the middle set of stairs. I had nowhere really to go, unless back outside, and so I waited as the footsteps grew louder and closer, nearing the corridor I was stood in where I would be face to face with whoever it was. Finally they reached the bottom of the stairs. The figure of a man walked in front of me. I stood motionless as he walked briskly from the steps, straight ahead to a set of doors which he pushed through with purpose. I remained unnoticed. I continued with my explore. Turns out this building was actually an active train station; the tracks are at the top of the steps you see in this image. Infiltration for the win….right? No? Okay then.
Camera repair London I'm looking for recommendations of where to take my Canon 5D Mark II to be repaired in London, UK. I've had a few people mention Fixation or Calumet, but have had no experience with either of these. No idea what the issue is with the camera, it has suddenly decided it wants to do nothing after switching it on; the only thing that happens is the rear LED flashes twice when I close the battery compartment with a flash card in it (obviously the flash is in the correct slot, not in the battery compartment); otherwise it's pretty dead. I've tried removing the backup battery, to no avail. I would love to hear of your experiences of customer service and price so I can figure out where to take it; or perhaps I should send it away to Canon themselves? Thanks
Thanks + Paul Griffiths - reassurance of good service is indeed a nice thing to have; I see they are an official repair center on the Canon website. + Andrew Clifton-Brown + Haydn Mowbray - as an FYI 'should have bought Nikon' will not be accepted as a valid recommendation ;o)
Thanks + Haydn Mowbray - excellent information; think I'll give them a go
+ luis fernandes with battery and no card, no light. Different lenses do nothing.
+ Andrew Clifton-Brown yep. Shouldn't have let me out in the first place.
+ Haydn Mowbray Fixation were great; very quick and the provision of an itemized list of work done gave confidence at not being ripped off. Thanks.
Zombie Saturday was World Zombie Day and I woke up shuffling around and moaning gently, not because I was in character but because I had a very late Friday night. However, I forced myself on to the streets of London to take a few images of the event. I shot with the Sony NEX-7, not really through choice but because my Canon has decided that, for no reason at all, it doesn’t want to play any more. It is showing no signs of life, and so needs to be taken to a repair shop for a little rest and relaxation. That sucks. I’m now really thankful to have this secondary camera. For a short period of time there seemed to be more photographers than there were Zombies, but more and more of them arrived to the starting point of Marble Arch and the numbers soon turned. Some people on the walk had made very little effort to dress up (this includes me); others had outfits that seemed to come straight from a movie and were pretty impressive. Then you have the guy in this image. The outfit was pretty simple, a hospital gown and a pair of shorts was pretty much all it was, but with a little bit of make up to appear undead. However, as part of a ‘suspension’ team this gentleman had fresh holes pierced into his back and was being reined in on a makeshift leash. It really was very compelling to watch this and the reactions of those in the street who saw him. Thanks to those who organised it, and to those who turned up and didn’t seem to break character all day. It was great fun. #WZD2013 #London #Zombies
Had a blast at World Zombie Day London yesterday. Here's a photo of one zombie that really was being taken for a walk. Ouchy. #WZD2013 #WorldZombieDay
Anchor point If you’re visiting London and you find yourself walking down the Thames while the tide is out, feel free to go down on to the banks beside the river. You’ll sometimes get a few funny looks from people, and you may get a bit of river grime on your shoes, but you’re okay to do it along most stretches of the Thames (attempt to do so directly under the London Eye and they start to have issues). Once down there you can find some great looking things, and lots of crap, but hopefully you may also find something to take a photo of. In this case, I mostly found crap, but decided to take a few long exposures so I had something coming out of the trip down there. Tomorrow is World Zombie Day: London where we’ll have a lot of people walking around central London like Zombies…a bit like Monday mornings when everyone has to go back to work. Only many of them will be dressed up. I plan on walking some of the route to try and ‘shoot’ a couple of them, and I know there are quite a few different groups of people I know who are doing the same. If you’re in town and fancy shuffling along together, let me know.
I'm probably going to start at Marble Arch when it begins, and just work my way around with the group. Hoping there should be enough cool outfits there to keep me amused for a few hours.
Tate Tate Modern is an old power station that is now being used as an art gallery. It sits on the South bank of the Thames, opposite St Paul’s Cathedral and was designed by Sir Giles Gilbert Scott. The original name for it was Bankside Power Station, and you can still see the word Bankside written in place on the wall of the Thames today. Walking around London you will see a lot of Scott’s work, and indeed every time you pass a red telephone box you have him to thank for the design. This was one of about 3 images I took on an evening photocrawl a few weeks ago. I was very uninspired that night.
Needling I was fortunate to have nice clouds for most of Friday when I spent a little bit of time out with the camera. A lot of time this year, particularly when I’ve gone away somewhere, I’ve not had the best of it and seem to have managed clear blue sky or rain and nothing much in between. I remember learning about clouds in geography; we did those and volcanoes – not where countries are in the world as I had expected to learn. I don’t remember any information on clouds though, and so I have no idea what kinds of clouds these are. A quick search on Google indicates they may be Cumulus and Stratus. Today it’s back to the usual blanket of grey. Should anyone be curious to know, the building rudely poking up in the middle is the Shard. Quick query, when you pinpoint a location of an image you have taken on a map, do you put the pin in where you were stood when taking the image, or where the image subject is? i.e. for this image, should I have placed the map at St Paul’s Cathedral where I was stood, or the Shard, which is the identifiable location in the image?
+ Arun Sagar + Paul Brocklehurst Thanks, I think that seems to be the general consensus, and it does make sense
Guardians We return to the + britishmuseum today, and these statues, both winged and with human heads, but one of which is a bull and the other a lion – identified here pretty much only by the hooves or paws; they stood guard to the entrance of Ashurnasirpal II at the Assyrian capital Kalhu between 883 & 859 BC. I’m no good at sums, but that’s pretty old! You’ll note by looking in detail at the legs of each statue that they appear to have more limbs than they should have. This was so that they would look be standing still and strong if viewed straight on, or as if they were moving forward when looked at from the side. Using a tripod I was able to take a long exposure which made the light bursts on the four lights immediately at the entrance, and the square crop is due to the correction of the verticals.
+ Arun Sagar Alas this trip was a one off where a group of around 25 photographers were invited to take part, it was organised by Google+ - not sure what the logic was behind being selected. + Andrew Clifton-Brown thanks very much
Cloud City On Friday I went to St Paul’s Cathedral. I don’t go too often, but enjoy it when I do. I’ve also been meaning to go ever since I got my 14mm at the start of the year, but failed to take that camera with me on this trip so will have to do that some other time. I did take my Sony NEX-7 with me and a couple of ND filters though, so was able to mount the camera on the rail at the top with a Gorillapod and take a nice long exposure using the stacked filters. The clouds were nice at the start of the day, but had slowed down a lot by the time I took this shot. As a result there isn’t quite as much movement as I wanted there to be, even though the exposure is around 3 minutes 45 seconds. It was pretty crowded up there, so I appreciate all the visitors who worked their way around me while I stood there seemingly doing nothing.
Sony QX100 review I've written a quick review of the + Sony QX100 smartphone camera and included over 30 images taken with it so you can check out the quality.
Baywatch Happy Friday everybody. I thought I would finish off the week with a fun image of a sexy little lifeguard called Sydney. This image was taken on a trip to Wales, where we stopped on the way to get a few sunset images on the coast. The NEX-7 seemed to struggle with finding focus in this image, hence the very soft focus on Sydney. I still thought the image was quite sweet though. Have a great weekend all.
These wooden ideas The Sony NEX-7 is great for taking images of the random scenes that catch your eye as you walk around, like the one you see here. The fact it’s small and light is a huge benefit, as is the adjustable live view screen. I’m looking forward to seeing any specs of a full frame version that may be released in the future, and am also thinking I should look at a wider lens for this camera. I was walking around London a few weekends ago, meeting up with folk beside City Hall so we could grab a few images, and justify the fact an hour of walking around meant we could spend a further 3 hours in the pub. Behind More London was a building, I forget what it was but I think it may be a block of toilets, and for some reason I really liked the panels of wood that I saw. It’s no different to what I would see on a garden shed really, but on this day at this particular time it stood out to me, so I nabbed a shot.
In fieri tumultus We’re off to Nash Point in Wales for today’s image, and what a lovely rocky formation this was. Though we didn’t get here at the right time for a sunset, we did arrive in time for the tide to be on it’s way in which allowed for some day time long exposures. It often amazes me how quickly a tide can come in, and when you’re taking a few long exposures that time appears to be faster still. Before you’ve managed to take a shot you end up having to move the tripod further inland before taking another. It wasn’t too long after this image was taken that we were heading back up the cliff to the car, ready to move on to our next destination (which if I remember correctly consisted of driving a high speed to find a camp site and set up for the night before rushing around to two locations trying to find a spot for sunset, the one we settled on being inaccessible by car and resulting in us having to jog for a mile or two in order to try and get some decent light, which never quite took place).
Anne & Paul I headed out for an evening of photos and beer (mostly beer) recently with + Jim Nix and + Oliver Smalley , and we stopped by St Paul’s for a few snaps, as you have to do when in that neck of the woods – it’s the law of London. Though I have taken images of the building (my favourite in London) many times before, I’ve never taken one that featured the (replica) statue of Queen Anne in front of it. That’s Queen Anne standing tall in the middle, with two of four people visible at the base (they represent the places Queen Anne made claim to, which are England, Ireland, France and North America). I always find St Paul’s looks a little odd when the magnificent dome is not in sight. No matter how much I love looking at this building, and taking photos of it when I find myself on various rooftops; the view from the golden circle at the top of the dome is one of the best public views you can get of London, and I very much recommend you go see it if you haven’t already.
Ramesses II - Before & After Here's a before and after of the image I posted today along with the basic steps I took in producing the finished image.
Ramesses II Hope everyone had a lovely weekend. Here’s a second image from my night at the museum last week in the company of Google+ and some awesome photographers. A normal daytime visit would have meant the room was full of people and tripod use would not be allowed, so again it was great to be able to get in to the museum after regular hours and have the unique experience of being there while nice and quiet…if someone is able to arrange the same for the Natural History Museum I would be one delighted bunny. I’ll post a before and after on this image at some stage, as this final result is quite different to the original. I went for a square crop due to the correction I did to the lines resulting in the need to crop quite a bit. I also introduced a lot of light on the left hand side to create the golden glow coming in through the window. It wasn’t representative of the scene on the day, but it did bring me back to the numerous shows I have seen on the Discovery Channel about discovering aspects of Ancient Egypt and whenever someone opened a tomb to find the contents within there was always a nice glowing light that illuminated the treasures found.
Ironman This is an extract of an Antony Gormley statue, one of two which are featured in his work Parallel Field which is current on display at St Mary Axe in London; as part of the ‘Sculpture in the City’ project it’s on location until May 2014. I have walked past the status many times but never stopped to take a photo until a few nights ago when I was out playing with my new + Sony QX100 camera. Though I would certainly deem this as a fun camera, and perhaps not the ‘professional’ label Sony put on it, I am enjoying using it and my biggest bugbear is the fact it doesn’t shoot RAW. This image was taken with it, by the way, and it was real easy and effortless to get the angle I wanted simply by moving my wrist a little bit – no bending over and trying to position myself or a tripod in just the right spot – I didn’t even have a tripod, it was held in my hand only. The building popping out at the rear right hand side of the shot is the Gherkin.
+ Peter Jordan-Turner Yes, they have some way to go before they can be used exclusively, that's for sure. Great fun and better than the regular camera on the phone though.
Gallery closed On Tuesday night I had the privilege of going to the + britishmuseum after it had closed, and having free reign of the Egyptian gallery with the use of a tripod. It was organised by the nice folk at + Google UK - I know my non-photographer friends don’t seem to see the value in this site over some of the others, but I think it’s great, and it brought together 30 or so photographers of various skills and styles, and allowed us to meet people whose work we had been following for some time. That, my friends, is awesome. But if you're reading this on Google+, you already know it. The above paragraph explains this image really, it was taken in the Egyptian gallery of the British Museum. The sign crossing the path stating ‘Gallery Closed’ was there because the gallery was indeed closed. It would have been easy to get to the other side or shoot around the sign, but I felt including it aided in providing context for the image, as well as a focal point where pure symmetry may not have been enough otherwise. I didn’t like my initial drunken processing so held back from posting it yesterday, but I re-processed last night, also while drunk, and am much happier with this version.
+ luis fernandes Here we are glimpsing from the Egypt section that we were allowed in, to a section about the Assyrian city of Nineveh. Here's a link to a page on the British Museum site that explains a little more about the panels shown:
Thanks + Ian Good , not an urban sickness filter in sight either!
Deshi basara This is my take on quite a popular view in London. It’s the PWC building at More London, and many people who have taken similar shots have agreed that the architecture, from certain angles, can resemble elements of the Batman logo. I would have to agree, and after seeing images from here a lot, I finally managed to walk the extra few paces from my normal route to get here and take a photo myself. I think part of the problem has been wanting to take the shot during the day, and I most frequently pass this area at night. The title of this post is from The Dark Knight Rises; I thought I may as well continue with the Batman theme.
Night at the museum Thanks very much to Google+ and the + British Museum for organising tonight's photowalk, and allowing us in the museum after hours to shoot with tripods and such; appreciated. Great also to finally meet + Andrew Clifton-Brown and + Ian Good , and to make a few new friends along the way.
+ Aaron Miller This was a special permission visit and invite only. I think there were around 30 of us, and I was the lucky recipient of an administrative error by way of invite, I'm sure
New Toy My new toy has arrived in the form of the + Sony QX100 Easy to hook up to the iPhone 4s, though due to having to connect to wifi and sync to the phone means spur of the moment snapshots from a non-camera-ready position are not really possible. Small, lightweight and pretty cool upon first impressions though.
Off to see the Wizard This image was taken this weekend, which was the first Open House London where I haven’t actually been to see any of the buildings in the last 5 years or so. I nearly made it to City Hall, but opted to go for a burrito instead, and so rocked up just in time to meet up with + Scott Baldock and Jarrad before walking around a bit, taking the photo you see here, and then finding our way to a pub where we were shortly joined by + Paul Shears . The title for this image is obviously inspired by the yellow brick road that is to be found in The Wizard of Oz. However, the brick road you see here is actually me just looking straight up the side of a building, which was very easy to do with the flip screen on the Sony NEX-7 as it meant I didn’t have to hurt my neck during composure. I guess now is an appropriate time to ask which character in Wizard of Oz you would be? I guess I have to be the lion, simply because I use it as a lion as my avatar rather than because I’m overly cowardly.
The Number 23 I thought this image was fitting to post today, as it’s the 23rd of September, and the number is 23 – do you see? This weekend I spent a little time walking around the Tower Bridge area on Saturday and a few buildings with these numbers painted on the side caught my eye. The rest of the time was spent lazing around at home, watching trashy television and playing Grand Theft Auto V. I took the single exposure and ran it through a few filters OnOne filters before adding a bit of texture contrast to it; very little time spent on it really. Hope everyone has a happy Monday.
+ Karl Handy There were a whole row of houses...I could have done one for each day of this week!
Offset on step I wish that this tourist, posing on these steps for a friend, had looked in my direction while I was taking the shot rather than glancing off camera. However, as I was stood there aiming at these steps when she obliviously walked into the scene and sat on them for 5 minutes it’s pretty clear that she couldn’t actually see me, so I should therefore not be surprised that she was not looking remotely in my direction. It must be of great use to a street or wildlife photographer to become one with the landscape and be able to take images without the subject knowing you are there. Perhaps, therefore, I should count myself as blessed that I have managed to achieve this so effortlessly on so many occasions in major cities. Yes, my life is difficult I agree.
Light steering Pirate ships are awesome. Fact. If I was rich I would have the wheel from a pirate ship on my wall to best display the fine craftmanship of such an awesome piece. Okay, that’s a lie. I would definitely attach it to the bath in some way so that I could sit in the tub and pretend I was sailing. You’re possibly a little confused at this stage. You may have looked back at the image I have posted today and questioned whether or not it is indeed the wheel from a pirate ship. You would be right to question this; you would also be right in what was likely your first assumption that this is in fact a light fitting. I took this image in Komsomolskaya metro station in Moscow. It was really busy with people running around everywhere, and so I simply took a shot looking upwards. Until people learn to fly we can be thankful for the fact this angle often gives us the opportunity to shoot unhindered.
Watermotive This scene was taken in Wales, but reminds me a bit of London right now – a never ending downpour of water in black and white. London, also like this scene, is very pretty when wet. I should get out and shoot it more in those conditions, but when it comes to rain getting on the lens and requiring continual wiping I get lazy. It takes a lot of arm strength to keep polishing that glass between shots, and I find that strength is better put to use while in the pub lifting pints. I attempting a photocrawl on Sunday, we spent it in the pub. I did the same last night, we spent it in the pub. I’m hoping tonight will be different. I think I’ll aim for two pubs.
+ Andrew Clifton-Brown Yes, I was meant to be out taking photos and we ended up in the pub instead. Hopefully tonight will be more successful.
HQ This building featured in yesterday’s image, but here’s a nicer one capturing it as part of a long exposure last week. For those with a short memory, or perhaps you don’t actually follow my work for some reason, then you’ll be excited to learn that this is the Shell headquarters in London. It was the final destination of Aurora the polar bear on a Greenpeace march this weekend. I say ‘final destination’…I don’t think it was, really. I think they turned around and walked back to wherever they came from. It would seem a little cruel of Greenpeace to walk the polar bear all the way through London to here and then put it down. That would just be sending mixed messages. Also note the polar bear in question is a puppet, not a real one. Anyway, I fancied taking a few shots in this area last week (mostly because I was feeling lazy and didn’t wish to travel too far down the river) and the clouds were moving nicely so I took the opportunity to do this long exposure. I can do long exposures on both my Canon 5d Mark II and on the Sony NEX-7 at the same focal length…which is nice if you want to compare (which I don’t). Even though you would imagine them to look the same as each other, I can easily tell upon viewing in lightroom which camera took which image. Better resolution? No. Sharper images? No. Dust spots? Hell yes. The Canon is in much need of a sensor clean.
Aurora Aurora isn’t the most original name for a polar bear, but it’s better than ‘snowy’ I suppose. Regardless of the name, this giant puppet led a Greenpeace march through the streets of London yesterday in a campaign to save the Arctic. I caught up with the bear at the end of the march when he/she/it came to rest outside the Shell headquarters, which you can see in the background of this image. This appears to be my second protest image in the space of a week, this time it’s an attempt to ban drilling for oil and gas in the arctic. I think it will be my last also. I’m still more about the images being pretty rather than having a message behind them
Eye motion I was stood taking images of the London Eye last night, and after several long exposures I realised that the composition I had was pretty much the same as a previous time I was in that spot, unsurprisingly. Sure the light and clouds were different, but the fact the angles were the same was bugging me. So I left my Canon 5D Mark II on the tripod and pulled out the Sony NEX-7 from my bag and went off to find a better angle. Lying on the floor I balanced the small Sony on it’s end using a couple of coins from my pocket and my iPhone for stability, and let it go with a 10stop filter for 90 seconds. It took a few attempts to get the leading lines I wanted, sometimes with people deciding to stand in the way, and other times with my poorly constructed makeshift camera table falling down, but I eventually got a shot I was happy with. Have a great weekend everyone.
Sony QX100 delay I've just received an email from Amazon stating the pre-order for my + Sony QX100 will be delayed by at least 8 days, which sucks. Hope there are no further manufacture delays
Protest piece I’ve posted so many images from my trip to Russia recently that I thought I would contrast that with this anti-Russia piece of street art by IDa4 which I found on a trip to Newcastle this weekend; it’s behind the Sage Gateshead. You will no doubt have heard of some campaigners who feel that Russia’s Winter Olympics should be moved in protest at new laws to curb ‘homosexual propaganda’ and are calling for boycotts; I’m not going to go into it (otherwise we’ll end up opening that whole Thatcher-era law can of worms that is Section 28) but do have to question whether or not boycott’s actually ever work? Yes, I know the goal is really about generating the awareness and publicity, I think I’m just more in favour of work such as this to promote awareness, than in boycotting a product from that country in the hopes the corporate’s making them have some influence on government. I took this image pretty low down to try and get a nice angle; it’s almost as if I had been lying in the gutter after a heavy night of drinking Russian vodka. I wasn’t though, but do admit that the night had been spent drinking several beers and some lovely Scottish gin so I wasn’t feeling top notch.
GUM GUM is a department store beside the Kremlin in Moscow. It’s a little peculiar that there is such a large department store full of luxurious goods right beside this fortified complex, but it’s a handy place to pop into while it’s raining. The exterior of the building is lit with thousands of horrendous lights, making it look just as tacky as Harrods of London does at night time. The interior, however, is pretty nice featuring three long chambers that look a little bit like this one. Bridges span the chambers at various heights meaning you can walk around the upper levels getting various views of the surroundings. The name GUM is an abbreviation of Glavnyi Universalnyi Magazin, which simply means ‘main universal store’. I guess that means I could be calling it MUS.
Private Message notifications on Google+ Can anyone confirm how private message notifications work on Google+? Essentially, someone shared a private post with me only. They also added me as a contact - I do not know what order they did this in. I received a notification that they had added me to their circles, but not about them sharing a private message with me. I clicked on their profile and saw they had left me a private message, which is how I found out about it, but had I not happened to go to their profile I may have missed it completely. Is there a settings that I have enabled that would prevent me from being notified of a message that was shared privately with me? Is that affected by whether or not they have me in their circles, or if I have them in mine? Many thanks.
Thanks + Elizabeth Lund but I don't want to mute them. This was a legitimate message that I definitely wanted to receive, but I happened upon it by chance and not by being notified. I'm hoping there aren't other messages I have failed to receive.
Novoslobodskaya Back to Moscow today, and to another metro station – this time it’s Novoslobodskaya on the Koltsevaya Line which was visited early on a Sunday morning. Yet another impressive piece of interior decorating, this one has 32 stained glass windows which are back illuminated and set in marble. What I saw of the metro is certainly one of the highlights of the trip, and though I can go into the London underground and see a few stations which are appealing in some way, they are nothing compared to the grandeur on offer in Moscow.
Very nice, so pleased I don't need to rip mine apart now Enjoying the camera so far, though can see quite a bit of room for improvements. It's great for creativity and secret shot taking.
+ Roman Ruiz I'm planning on writing something up on it, but off the top of my head it's things such as (I'm using it with an iOS device): - battery life seemed very poor on my first proper outing (a few hours max) - on that note the camera itself shouldn't open if it doesn't have the power to close, I had to walk around with the zoom out and lens exposed until I could recharge. - ability to shoot RAW - ability to set the date and time within the app (my images start on 01/01/2013 - ability to lock the rotation of the device (it tries to upright itself regardless of orientation, which means just as I'm turning to get the desired angle, it right's itself and I lose it) The app itself isn't wonderful either. It functions, but can have a bit of lag and connection issues at times. I want this camera to be used in place of my Sony NEX-7 as an every day walkaround (though JPG only limits that), and so I want it to be quick to use. At the moment you have to switch over to the wifi and then connect the device, it would make sense to me that the app would automatically start the process of switching to the right wifi when you open it so that you are ready to use with less effort and in a shorter space of time.
QX100 which I ordered today - hoping it'll replace my NEX-7 as the daily carry around camera
Very nice, so pleased I don't need to rip mine apart now Enjoying the camera so far, though can see quite a bit of room for improvements. It's great for creativity and secret shot taking.
+ Roman Ruiz I'm planning on writing something up on it, but off the top of my head it's things such as (I'm using it with an iOS device): - battery life seemed very poor on my first proper outing (a few hours max) - on that note the camera itself shouldn't open if it doesn't have the power to close, I had to walk around with the zoom out and lens exposed until I could recharge. - ability to shoot RAW - ability to set the date and time within the app (my images start on 01/01/2013 - ability to lock the rotation of the device (it tries to upright itself regardless of orientation, which means just as I'm turning to get the desired angle, it right's itself and I lose it) The app itself isn't wonderful either. It functions, but can have a bit of lag and connection issues at times. I want this camera to be used in place of my Sony NEX-7 as an every day walkaround (though JPG only limits that), and so I want it to be quick to use. At the moment you have to switch over to the wifi and then connect the device, it would make sense to me that the app would automatically start the process of switching to the right wifi when you open it so that you are ready to use with less effort and in a shorter space of time.
QX100 which I ordered today - hoping it'll replace my NEX-7 as the daily carry around camera
Very nice, so pleased I don't need to rip mine apart now Enjoying the camera so far, though can see quite a bit of room for improvements. It's great for creativity and secret shot taking.
+ Roman Ruiz I'm planning on writing something up on it, but off the top of my head it's things such as (I'm using it with an iOS device): - battery life seemed very poor on my first proper outing (a few hours max) - on that note the camera itself shouldn't open if it doesn't have the power to close, I had to walk around with the zoom out and lens exposed until I could recharge. - ability to shoot RAW - ability to set the date and time within the app (my images start on 01/01/2013 - ability to lock the rotation of the device (it tries to upright itself regardless of orientation, which means just as I'm turning to get the desired angle, it right's itself and I lose it) The app itself isn't wonderful either. It functions, but can have a bit of lag and connection issues at times. I want this camera to be used in place of my Sony NEX-7 as an every day walkaround (though JPG only limits that), and so I want it to be quick to use. At the moment you have to switch over to the wifi and then connect the device, it would make sense to me that the app would automatically start the process of switching to the right wifi when you open it so that you are ready to use with less effort and in a shorter space of time.
QX100 which I ordered today - hoping it'll replace my NEX-7 as the daily carry around camera
