Modern Architecture Sony MDR-10BT – Wireless Headphones - Sony has just unveiled theMDR-10BT headphones that feature a set of wireless options and power hidden in a modern, well-designed case. In order to produce them, Japanese engineers have teamed up with an irish rock band The Script. The result of their cooperation, theMDR-10BT, is a set of elegant and compact over-the-ear headphones that offer [&hellipOriginal Article on UltraLinx Website - Sony MDR-10BT Wireless ...
Modern Architecture Windows 8.1 Now Available in the Windows Store
Modern Architecture iPhone 5S Review - Apples new iPhone 5s brings the user an abundance of features to differentiate it from its predecessor, the iPhone 5. A welcoming change to this phone is what’s offered inside it. Design & Hardware Apple’s minimalist packaging is apparent with the 5s. The physical components of the phone presents a slim and rectangular figure that’s [&hellipOriginal Article on UltraLinx Website - iPhone 5S Review Follow UltraLinx on - Facebook | T...
Modern Architecture 55-inch LG Curved OLED TV - Curved screens are the thing this year. More and more manufacturers are interested in flexible displays and innovative, distinctive designs. Smartwatches, mobile phones, tablets and now TV sets new technology allows the engineers to go back to the drawing board and rethink their ideas. One of the latest and the most amazing devices with [&hellipOriginal Article on UltraLinx Website - 55-inch LG Curved OLED TV Follow Ultr...
Modern Architecture Sony MDR-10BT – Wireless Headphones - Sony has just unveiled theMDR-10BT headphones that feature a set of wireless options and power hidden in a modern, well-designed case. In order to produce them, Japanese engineers have teamed up with an irish rock band The Script. The result of their cooperation, theMDR-10BT, is a set of elegant and compact over-the-ear headphones that offer [&hellipOriginal Article on UltraLinx Website - Sony MDR-10BT Wireless ...
Architecture news Stratum of Richlite Company - A stratum is a bed of earth with consistent composition naturally laid amid visually distinct layers. Inspired by the banded cliff edges of Eastern Washington's stunning Palouse Canyon, Richlite Stratum embeds bamboo between contrasting layers of Richlite. &nbsp; (Richlite Company)
Architecture news Cascade | Baker of Richlite Company - The Cascade Mountain Range is the quintessential backdrop of the Pacific Northwest and the inspiration for Richlite Company's line of layered products. – Rainier– Shasta– Adams– Hood– Little Tahoma– Baker These are the six tallest peaks and represent Richlite's Cascade Range.Richlite Custom CascadeRichlite's Cascade comes in six colour variations featuring multi-colour edges for progressive design tastes. If the si...
Modern Architecture f.lux – Makes Your Computer Screen Easier On The Eyes In Different Lighting Conditions
Modern Architecture OlloClip 4 in 1 Lens for iPhone - OlloClip have just launched an all new 4-in-1 lens for the iPhone that easily fits into your pocket. We've reviewed previous OlloClip lenses before and were very impressed by how much you can do with such a small bit of kit. This new 4-in-1 lens kit now adds an extra macro lens to the previous [&hellipOriginal Article on UltraLinx Website - OlloClip 4 in 1 Lens for iPhone Follow UltraLinx on - Facebook | Twitter.
Architecture news Holon Waterproof of Kreon - Holon – Maximum light experience in minimal form.Holon’s timeless design enables this fitting to find application in a vast range of projects. The simple and yet strong geometrical form earns its place in corridors, meeting rooms and other public areas. Holon can be supplied with various light sources such as halogen lamps and discharge lamps.Holon has been designed for rooms that embrace its language of form but do not requ...
Architecture news Aplis 80 of Kreon - Circular integration.When Le Corbusier published “Vers une Architecture”, a new approach to architecture was developed. It was a period of “purification” of forms and celebration of plane surfaces and orthogonal angles. Kreon has always pledged the values of Le Corbusier’s postulate looking for sober, efficient and geometrical purity throughout its right angled collection. In an attempt to improve the dialogue with the increasing de...
Modern Architecture Apple Has Another Event On 22nd of October
Modern Architecture Rovio Announce Angry Birds Go! - Rovio have just announced another game that they will be adding to their line up Angry Birds Go. This new Angry Birds Go game is actually very similar to the almighty classic Mario Kart which isn't a bad thing. Mario Kart was one of the most loved and favourite games when it was [&hellipOriginal Article on UltraLinx Website - Rovio Announce Angry Birds Go! Follow UltraLinx on - Facebook | Twitter.
Architecture news Circle CAM04 of CEADESIGN - Taps in stainless steel AISI 316L, satin and polished finish. This collection includes wall-mounted dual-control mixers with hidden levers and very small size (28 mm), ideal wherever protruding or big objects should be avoided, for safety or aesthetic reasons (e.g. in a boat or in small bathrooms). For water saving, all washbasin and bidet spouts are equipped with aerators that limit the flow rate to 5 lt/min, replaceable wi...
Architecture news Rain RAN03 of CEADESIGN - Showers in stainless steel AISI 316L that resist to external agents, such as fogs and salt and sulphurous water. The range includes several models, free-standing and wall-mounted. It is important that technical warnings are respected for the installation and maintenance.Square outdoor shower with rain shower head, washing feet jet and hydroprogressive mixers &nbsp; (CEADESIGN)
Modern Architecture HTC One Max - The HTC One was already a fantastic device, especially with that gorgeous aluminium frame and stunning screen. So if you're looking for a larger version of the HTC One, you can now get your hands on the HTC One Max. This beast of a device has a huge 5.9-inch screen and an all new fingerprint [&hellipOriginal Article on UltraLinx Website - HTC One Max Follow UltraLinx on - Facebook | Twitter.
Modern Architecture The SuperStacked Mac Bundle | Deals - We've got a whopper of a deal going on over at our deals site right now. The SuperStacked Bundle packs over $3000 worth of goods and we're selling the bundle for as little as $35. This deal goes up by a dollar every day so the earlier you purchase the more cash you can save. [&hellipOriginal Article on UltraLinx Website - The SuperStacked Mac Bundle | Deals Follow UltraLinx on - Facebook | Twitter.
Architecture news Dornstab of Kalmar - This freestanding luminaire from 1947 exemplifies Wiener Werkbund criteria. By threading the saber-shaped stand through the lamp shade, designers J.T. Kalmar and A. Pöll melded form as well as function—the stand allows the lamp shade to be positioned at three different, reader-friendly heights. The hardwood stand and handle may be finished in a satin matt red or black lacquer, or left in a natural state with a protective oil or wax...
Modern Architecture 41 Tiny Little Details In GTA V - If you've played GTA V you will already know of how much attention to detail Rockstar has put into the game the amount of little details is just insane. No wonder why they worked on it for so many years. Implementing such little details can be a long painful task but Rockstar knows that [&hellipOriginal Article on UltraLinx Website - 41 Tiny Little Details In GTA V Follow UltraLinx on - Facebook | Twitter.
Architecture news Nature Boy of ANGO - From strands of rattan, the skin is peeled off and the remaining "core" of the rattan is formed into 1 mm diameter wires in an extrusion process. The rattan wires are then formed into diffusers starting with a base structure, and using the random weave technique that we've developed. The colour of the extruded material is a soft yellow that deepens a little with age. To clean diffusers in this material, we recommend that they be du...
Architecture news Filamentette of ANGO - This material comprises a self supporting hand soldered steel wire matrix which is then either coated with nickel.The colour of the material in nickel finish is a warm silver colour.To clean items in this material, we recommend that they be lightly vacuumed or dusted with a dry duster, and they can also be very gently washed in warm water.LAMP BASE TYPE: G9LAMP TYPE: Maximum 25 watts (or equivalent low energy wattage) BASE MATERI...
Architecture news Filament silver of ANGO - This material comprises a self supporting hand soldered steel wire matrix which is then either coated with nickel or gold. The colour of the material in nickel finish is a warm silver colour, while the gold finish is a yellowish hue. To clean items in this material, we recommend that they be lightly vacuumed or dusted with a dry duster, and they can also be very gently washed in warm water.FILAMENT (SILVER)LAMP BASE TYPE: E27/...
Modern Architecture This May Be The 5th Gen iPad - The time for Apple to announce a new iPad is coming something they usually do near the end of every year. However as Apple have grown to be ever more popular, leaks are seeping through a lot easier leaks for the iPhone 5S and iOS 7 were spot on. Sonny Dickson a [&hellipOriginal Article on UltraLinx Website - This May Be The 5th Gen iPad Follow UltraLinx on - Facebook | Twitter.
