Sony has gone live with its “Greatness Awaits” website; featuring their latest commercial “Perfect Day”. If you didn’t remember, “Greatness Awaits” was (is) Sony’s slogan for their upcoming next-generation console, the PlayStation 4. If you want to check…
There’s a brand new trailer going around, from RYSE is here, showing off a lot of…killing and action. Let’s take a look at it! Also, there’s this one showing off some really nice artwork for the game: Are you waiting for this game? What do you think of it…
During a conference in Montreal this morning, Nvidia CEO Jen-Hsun Huang announced a brand new feature that Nvidia will be adding into their GeForce Software under the name of “ShadowPlay”. ShadowPlay is an always-on recording function built into the…
If you were to direct a movie totally based on a video game, what standards would you look for on your stars? I don’t know about you all, but I would look for one that at least has played the game, and has experienced first-hand how the main character…
If you thought that you’d seen everything, think twice! A UK Newspaper “The Sun” posted an article where they were talking about artificial implants and limbs, where they mentioned…well…some creations from Sarif Industries….you know….the fictional company…
Naughty Dog has announced today that, along with We Love Fine they’re hosting a “Fan Art Contest”. The contest comes as the game’s “fourth month anniversary”, and it isn’t only something to get your name mentioned by Naughty Dog, but if your design is…
The fourth and last DLC for Metro: Last Light has seen the light of the day, as it has been released today. Metro: Last Light - Chronicles Pack Official Trailer [US] This DLC brings three single player missions, which players go through by taking the place of 3…
Since earlier today Ubisoft announced that their upcoming open-world game Watch Dogs is going to be delayed, scheduling its release to 2014′s Spring, instead of…next month. The concern that appeared with this announcement was going around the Amazon Watch…
It has been reported through YouTube videos that there seem to be a huge bug on the recently released Nintendo 3DS game Pokémon X and Y. No, not a bug-type Pokémon, but an actual game bug. It is said that when users load a file saved in Lumiose City, this…
Ubisoft has announced that their upcoming open-world game Watch Dogs has been delayed to Spring 2014 through the Watch Dogs Official Blog. “As we got closer to release, as all the pieces of the puzzle were falling into place in our last push before…
That’s right, the latest Pokémon games: X & Y have sold over 4 million copies in only 2 days, Nintendo announced. “The early response to Pokémon X and Pokémon Y not only reaffirms the ongoing passion of Pokémon fans, but also indicates that an entirely…
That’s right, Rockstar Games is already handing out bans to players of Grand Theft Auto Online, due to them exploiting the game in order to get GTA$. I didn’t want to cover how this worked simply because I kind of knew it would end this way, there was an…
Sony has gone live with its “Greatness Awaits” website; featuring their latest commercial “Perfect Day”. If you didn’t remember, “Greatness Awaits” was (is) Sony’s slogan for their upcoming next-generation console, the PlayStation 4. If you want to check…
So….besides my couple of previous nominations to the Liebster Award, I’ve been definitely honored to get two more nominations, this time from a writer that I admire quite a lot for her unique writing style and how she gets you trapped with her writing,…
The full name of Naughty Dog’s The Last of Us DLC is “The Abandoned Territories Map Pack” is set to be released on October 16, and will set you back $9.99. The Abandoned Territories Map Pack will feature 4 new maps: The Bookstore Hometown Bus Depot…
Some time ago, some Valve employees started to work on a project for some Augmented Reality Glasses, a project started by former Valve employee Jeri Ellsworth, who was granted permission to keep this project after she was let go by the company. Now,…
That’s right, there seems to be a Game of the Year Edition for the acclaimed graphic-adventure from Telltale Games, The Walking Dead. This information is coming thanks to the ESRB official site, and it seems that this edition of the game will be coming to…
Another game that is making its way into the E-Sports scene, thanks to a group of dedicated players; this time it is the time for Natural Selection 2, which seeks to fund its very first World Championship through a site that is privately hosted. The site…
Earlier today, exactly at 1:16 p.m. EDT, a “hacker” claimed to have…hacked Riot Games president and co-founder, Marc Merrill’s Twitter account, from which this person, which signed using the name of “Jason (God)”. The account was used to release -leak?-…
What’s up gamers? Hope this was a great week for you all, for me, it wasn’t bad! It is Sunday, which means it is time for another Weekly Recap, where you get a second chance to check the most popular articles on the site. Let’s get to it! #5: GTA V:…
No, this isn’t just “another gameplay video”, this video is taken while running it on “Ultra Settings”, at 4096×2160…yes, you read that right. The settings of the computer running the game are: Intel Core i7 3970X overclocked to 4.8GHz 32 GB of DDR3 RAM 4…
Just recently, Polygon had an interview with DICE creative director Lars Gustavsson where he has expressed: “It would only take one “killer” game for the Linux platform to explode its way into mainstream gaming” Something that seems to be quite accurate. …
Thanks to GameInformer’s November 2013 issues, we’ve gotten quite a few new details about this PlayStation 4 exclusive game, from Santa Monica and Ready At Dawn. According to this issues of GI, here’s all the information you need to know about the game:…
I found these around and just felt like I should share them. Let me be honest, I have no idea what’s going on here, as I don’t speak the language, but at least we get to see some gameplay from Deep Down, in overall 15 minutes that show off both, single…
Some days ago, the very first gameplay video of The Long Dark was revealed, and I shared with you all that I’m really loving this title, and that this post was coming soon! Well, here it is, my more in-depth post about this real-survival game, and I’m not…
Frictional Games Creative Director, Thomas Grip, went on the PlayStation Blog and talked about their recently teased project “SOMA“. Grip starts by talking about the history of the studio, which is the one that brought Amnesia: The Dark Descent and…
Dark Horse Comics has announced that they’ll be publishing a comic based on CD Projekt RED‘s The Witcher franchise. The Witcher Comic-Book will be written by Paul Tobin (Bandette) with art from Joe Querio (Lobster Johnson) and covers from Dave Johnson…
I bet you’ve been wondering how will the Steam Controller work, believe me…we’re all wondering the same. Well, Valve has released a video demonstrating how will it work, with a prototype of the controller, as it still doesn’t have the touch-screen on the…
If you remember, Frictional Games has been teasing their new project under the name of “SOMA”. Firstly we got the “SOMA” teaser, to then, some days ago, get the second instance of the teaser, “Mockingbird“. Well, the wait is over, as now we have a teaser…
Sorry German gamers, but if you were waiting to play Capcom’s Dead Rising 3 on your Xbox One, you’ll be disappointed. German rating board, the Unterhaltungssoftware Selbstkontrolle has denied Dead Rising 3 for the country, as reported by Games Welt. “Dead…
Rockstar Games is quite aware of the issues their online features for Grand Theft Auto V (Grand Theft Auto Online), and how these sort of issues are quite annoying for gamers. So, as they go about fixing everything up, they’ve come up with a good…
Well, probably not for Assassin’s Creed V, but there’s a possibility that, in the future, we get an installment of this game based on the Ancient Egypt history, as Assassin’s Creed IV game director Ashraf Ismail told Examiner. “I’m not saying we are going…
The very first in-game screenshots from the upcoming PlayStation 4 Exclusive The Order: 1886 are here, thanks to GameInformer. Looking good, isn’t it?
Rockstar Games is not able to catch a break lately; starting with the different issues that they had with Grand Theft Auto V, and Grand Theft Auto Online, something new has appeared, and this time the demand is quite…interesting. Basically, over Grand…
A recent government proposal in the UK considers offering game production companies a 25% tax break if 80% of the production budget is spent within the country. Check out this BBC news article about the proposal. The aim of the proposed tax break is to…
Finally, after pretty much a month since its release, Arma 3 is getting its first single-player campaign DLC as reported by Bohemia Interactive official site. This will be the first out of the 3 free DLC episodes and this one will see its release on…
If you’ve been around, you already know that Valve has 300 prototypes of their “SteamBox” to be sent to 300 Steam Users. Some days ago, they even revealed the specifications of these Steam Machines. While checking those specifications, it seemed like the…
It has been announced by Volition that the Saints Row The Third cancelled DLC “Enter the Dominatrix” is coming back..but for Saints Row IV! This DLC seems to be having a lot of sex references, which makes me wonder if it’ll be coming to all the…
That’s right, according to a deleted piece of interview that Lost in the Multiplex had with Cliff Martinez, ‘Drive” composer and former Red Hot Chili Peppers drummer, it seems like Far Cry 4 is something that will be coming sometime… It is quite awesome…
To be quite honest with you all, I was not going to post about this, but I feel like I must do it as I’ve found plenty of articles around the net which are not saying things as they are, and they are just giving their opinions without expressing so, and…
