Interesting new product from Sony the first 35mm sized sensor in a mirror less interchangeable lens camera (CSC).
Interesting new product from Sony the first 35mm sized sensor in a mirror less interchangeable lens camera (CSC).
Love the Lexar HR1 want a chance to win one? Just like the Lexar HR1 FB page and submit a photo of your workspace.
The new Nikon Canada Ambassador site just launched, nice to read about my fellow Ambassadors. bit.ly/1bpD5pg
My Lexar HR1 Four-Bay reader just arrived I am going to have all my photo friends over so we can feed this guy
Wow the camera I have been waiting for totally goof proof. Now if only my body could take the same abuse! @NPS_Canada
Looking to watch a movie this weekend? Consider watching one of the Top 10 Films that feature a Nikon Camera
A fresh look at top USA athlete having fun during photo sessions.
Caught on Video a Vancouver thief steals $6000 worth of camera gear at a wedding ceremony.
The Baron has an interesting story about the restructuring of Reuters News Division called "The Big Bang".
Sad news for Reuters sports photographers dropped from covering MBL, NBA and NFL sports.
For us photo lovers out there, on YouTube is the BBC's 1983 documentary on Ansel Adams.
A little about the Nikon Ambassadors program and me here. @NikonCanada @nickdidlick @NPS_Canada
Congratulations to my American colleagues joining the new Nikon Ambassadors Program this is going to be great!
Wow it's a great honor to be joining the Nikon Ambassador program with my fantastic colleagues. Read all about it.
Were you alive before Digital Photography? Here is a 17 item checklist that will confirm you just may have been.
Wildlife camera captures an amazing Bear Hoedown. I can hardly wait to get my bear cameras back to see what I got.
E-Skin a paper thin sensor network responds to human touch. Hmmm wonder if it could light up the fashion industry.
How photos were sent in 1926 seems like science fiction in todays world of millions of photos every day.
I am okay with this as long as it doesn't record the smell of the photographer. Camera Captures Smells.
Cool now all we have to do is add remote controlled Bionic Eyes. Look, up in the air …
Another photo legend passes on. Burt Stern helped redefine advertising and fashion art in the 1950s and ’60s.
Bob Gilka, a newspaper photographer, editor, mentor to legions of photographers and the DOP for NGM died today,
41 Reasons why you shouldn't date a photographer, wow this strikes a little to close to the truth.
The Odd Truth About Video and Camera Awareness, something Photojournalists have known when competing against TV.
5 Great Ways to Destroy Your Camera via PetaPixel, personally I have done #3.
Newspapers, TV Stations and now, Steven Spielberg and George Lucas predict ‘massive implosion’ in film industry.
Robb Montgomery via CNN has a great take on the recent Sun-Times layoff of the entire photo staff.
Photography is so easy a chimp could do it, and does! Mikki the Russian Chimp sells his collection for $76,000.
What would happen to this pilot today? In 1956 a Pilot Landed on an New York street as that’s where the bar was.
Interesting behind the scenes video of the making of the National Geographic's June cover shoot of James Cameron.
Wow I missed this one from last month a Australasian Legal Business makes up a reporter to cover the news.
From PetaPixel on the Chicago Sun-Times layoff of its photo staff and how the Internet is killing photojournalism.
Love the gas station shot. Storm Chaser Captures What It’s Like to Sit In the Middle of an EF4 Tornado.
Steve Sasson the inventor of the first digital camera tells how technology took down Kodak from the Huff Post.
FStoppers Top 10 Photo Movie list. Whats on yours? I noticed the Eyes of Laura Mars isn't there.
An interesting article on photography and privacy as Arne Svenson's photographs appear at a gallery in New York.
Rain and the umbrella a photojournalists friend as this story called "Presidents Look Like Doofuses in Rain" shows.
Amazing cool color video of London England life in 1927, it doesn't seem to have changed much except for the traffic.
Every time I look at this HyperLapse I am mesmerized by its sweeping views captured in time-lapse.
