So many have complained about Microsoft doing misinformation campaigns against Sony in the past including me. I find this type of marketing wrong and downright poor. Advertise your product effectively and concisely.... This type of marketing is lazy, aim for a higher demographic. Sony did this with their PS Move against the WiiMotes to very low success (the brand was to strong is the simple reason). They also did the same with the PSP against the DS and the PS Vita against the 3DS. Now it looks like they are taking another stab at Nintendo against the Wii U with the PS Vita and the PS4. Sony are the misinformation marketing kings, what do you think about this type of aggressive marketing?
Nintendo have never done anything good for the gaming industry and they should go. Hell they've only made the worst selling games ever and have no creativity. They suck and should just go. This will help Sony and MS who obviously sell many games. This above statement is how many idiotic no brain gamers think. Heres the facts Nintendo dominate nearly every game genre (including sports surprisingly enough), have the biggest selling games ever and have created a lot of the genres you play today. If Nintendo was to just dissapear this would be a massive mistake. Why? Well have you ever thought with such huge sales of games they actually inspire people to try other consoles and games. I have a feeling that half if not more of Sony and MS sales of games and consoles in their lifetimes come from gamers who have played Nintendo and want to try something new etc. You see if Sony or MS did not exist Nintendo would be fine, if Nintendo did not exist I dont believe Sony or MS would do that well. So next time you think such foolish things remember, Nintendo has done more for gaming than you initially give them credit for.
Well I hear this a lot on n4g.com those people on there are stupid. They make no sense, its as if Nintendo is a curse to them. Seen a few around here like that aswell. Just wanna set the record straight man. These people underappreciate what Nintendo has actually done for the Industry. We would have No Industry essentially with no Nintendo. They saved it from the video game crash in the 80's,
+ Randy Arrowood Exactly and they are also the best selling racing game, sports, platformer etc game makers. Strange ey? haha
Well thats because PC gaming is where most gamers are ending up now. Hardware is so cheap and Steam/Origin is so good that this is the place to be for real hardcore gamers. Well done DICE you shleps.
Look what I just received.... Sonic Lost World on Wii U. I'm freaking hyper from all the caffeine I've had today and now excited. Hell yes.
Are you talking graphics? Gameplay is outstanding, never judge a book by its cover. Has some interesting gameplay mechanics.
It looks nothing like a ps2 game. I can assure you of that looks good. The video I showed you was from the 3ds version haha. Wii u version is way better.
Fuck im being serious that I love sonic lost world its really unique One thing I find odd is you use B on the pad to make him run faster its strange but clever hes not running like a twat all the time now
Im loving this so much I may get the 3DS version
So many have complained about Microsoft doing misinformation campaigns against Sony in the past including me. I find this type of marketing wrong and downright poor. Advertise your product effectively and concisely.... This type of marketing is lazy, aim for a higher demographic. Sony did this with their PS Move against the WiiMotes to very low success (the brand was to strong is the simple reason). They also did the same with the PSP against the DS and the PS Vita against the 3DS. Now it looks like they are taking another stab at Nintendo against the Wii U with the PS Vita and the PS4. Sony are the misinformation marketing kings, what do you think about this type of aggressive marketing?
Oh yea and many companies use this tactic but its shit. Ive been in huge discussions regarding Microsoft doing it to Sony and the Sony guys agreed it was poor etc. Sony however does this a lot. Ive seen the 3DS to be fair Sony could sell the PS Vita for £100 and it would still not outsell the 3DS. Games sell consoles and the 3DS has more than a few great games.
+ Justin Drobey Exactly but they never went to the extremes Sony has gone to.
Ive signed up for the upcoming Xbox One Tour of the UK. I know Nintendo did a tour for the 3DS and Wii U. Will Sony do one for the PS4? They did one for the PS Vita.
The advertising for the Xbox One is superb. Hands down they are wiping the floor with Nintendo (who usually advertise well) and Sony.
Yea for this event but why no Sony one? I keep seeing a shit load of Wii U adverts lately on TV and even Xbox One but none for the PS4.
+ Chris Wray No one I know but you has then
+ Camille S-M I dunno about that. I know many (including good old + Jason Long ) who can vouch for the bombardment of TV adverts, bilboard adverts etc in America for Xbox One. We also have to remember that MS have a marketing budget of infinite amounts for the Xbox One. Been revealed a few times. I dont see Nintendo nor Sony really having big advertising budgets. Fifa maybe Sonys biggest.
+ David Finlay Not even the Zelda Wind Waker HD commercial for the Wii U?
Ive only seen the Taco Bell advert because the Americans share it around Google +
Good lord this looks like a lot of fun. Sonic Lost World is out next week in the UK and already ive had to change my pants after watching this video of Windy Hill Zone One. What I find really striking is how unique the level designs are, you could go back and replay these levels in multiple diff rent ways. Sonic Lost World: S-Grade speedrun on Windy Hill 1
Seriously excited for this games. Sonic games have kinda been great the last few years like Generations and Colours. + Martijn van der Meulen seen this man?
+ Martijn van der Meulen I quite like the looks of it man.
Holly cow. This specs are meaty and in some cases overcast the PS4/Xbox One/Wii U twice if not 3 times over and could possibly be cheaper. If you are a power nut like some you may wanna consider the Steam machines. Only issue is will we ever see any EA and Ubisoft games on them? I doubt it. Whilst these could be great I am unsure how well they will do withought those big third party publishers. Valve have great games but they are no Nintendo and I dont believe they could self sustain the console with their own games like Nintendo could. Still its very interesting.
I actually see EA supporting this. If they smell money they will jump onboard. I know a dev who has used the pad and they highly rate it. Interesting
+ Brian Allen Yes and No. Valve will have their own set of Steam machines made by themselves. There will also be third party machines. This could be an ultra smart move but could also be bad.
+ Brian Allen Oh yea mean like Microsoft. Whos Xbox brand was initally made by Sega and then Panasonic I believe. Yea but it will still say Steam Box on it man. Like Googles Nexus devices, will still be imprinted with their name.
What the fuck + Danny Kriegbaum Laursen so you would buy a console just for trophies? Why? It should be about the games man.....
You've allways been a gun loving slag + Jason Long
Look son + Jason Long we understand the fetish.
Many are shooting down the Xbox One pad just on picture basis (I dont believe these types of people are actually gamers or are just hardcore fanbois). I have actually tried the PS4 pad which is kick ass and the Xbox One pad. One thing to note here is the Xbox One pad is actually very very good. From using both pads I can clearly say both are great to use. I couldn't say which one is bet, they are both that good.
It is + Chuck Marinos its actually very impressive. Gotta hand it to MS they know how to make great pads. It for some reason gets a lot of negativity because it does not like a ps4 pad. Well it's not and that's a good thing, this is not a ps4 haha. The people who put down the pad have also not used it, they will be very surprised when they do.
Well said + Marcus Randolph , see you have a sound opinion. Others just put it down. The most comfortable pad in my opinion is tge GamePad and the controller pro for Wii U. Very impressive.
The Legend Of Zelda Wind Waker HD is quite possibly the best HD port by any company yet. It also in parts feels like a new game. A lot of time and effort was put into this and Nintendo have made an outstanding game even better. Visually this also looks stunning and quite possibly one of the coolest looking Wii U games, I know + Drew Perez and + Randy Arrowood have been playing it and are raving about it. Hats off to Nintendo because this is not just a HD port, its like a full on remaster with added bits. I also like that Nintendo chose one of the weakest selling Zelda games. This is not only one of the best Zelda games ever but could pull in new fans and people who missed the original back in the day.
Its not slightly enhanced. Its hugely enhanced. They have changed a lot of the game. Not just graphics. Its decent. I agree, to the general gamer or a non Nintendo fan it does not have a killer game yet. I actually feel the PS4 will be the same for a while. Heres to 2014 when everything comes out.
The games are coming but slow.
I quite like this Xbox One advert.
+ Camille S-M See above haha. But + Andy Lewis I just believe its a smart advert, explains exactly what it is. Nintendo could learn how to advertise their Wii U from this.
I aint gettin an Xbox One but it looks to have some cool games on the way. Im waiting on it. To entangled in the PS echo system.
By the way + Andy Lewis what you getting with your PS4 on launch day? I am getting Kilzone, Knack and the Camera.
Steambox is uknown if it will get Titanfall (doubtful if EA are making it) and the Piston is not a console
We need to do this + Andy Lewis I will deffo be getting mine also, got an email a few weeks back. So you getting the camera?
yep + Jason Long I keep hearing MS paid EA to make it also.
+ Jason Long The advertising is how they should have done theres deffo. I said that above. + Randy Arrowood
Knack is a game that I will be getting with my PS4. Looks ultra cool and its partially made by the man behind crash bandicoot. Can't wait. What will you guys be getting with your PS4?
+ Chuck Marinos Had a few mates play it at the Eurogamer thing lately and at first had no interest but after playing said its a must own game. + William Colon A lot said it played like GoW.
Same here + Chuck Marinos I keep hearing this. Its aso mentioned in thelink above
Im kinda excited now but + Andy Lewis is more excited. I need to finish my PS3 backlog of games. Sony you bastards....... give me full on backwards compatibility. Like the Wii U.....
I am seriously not holding much hope for Killzone but thats just me. I do however think Knack looks ultra interesting.
We dont like any games + Jason Long likes around here + William Colon ....
+ Andy Lewis No I have to many good games for it. Seriously not happy Sony Nor MS did not do disc based backwards compatibility. Bitches.
The Nintendo Direct conference recently showcased some new Super Mario 3D World gameplay and wow it looked mega. I am well impressed.
The new Tomb Raider game has a great ending. Will we get a sequel and will Crystal Dynamics pleeeeeease make another Soul Reaver game?
Agreed. + karl taylor You ever play Legacy Of Kain Soul Reaver? Man that game goes down as one of my all time faves.
It was stunning..... + karl taylor still to this day the music sends shivers down my spine. Excellent story.
No, I will be this week as the review is going live Friday.
Have you played soul reaver + Martijn van der Meulen + Heather Jones + Randy Arrowood + Brian Allen + Jason Long ?
Yes + Martijn van der Meulen I also see soul Reaver for the Dreamcast on your shelf...... Fuckkkkkk + Jason Long quick cut the secret camera filming + Martijn van der Meulen I've blown our fucking cover... Noooooo. Pull down the + Martijn van der Meulen porn site also... Fuck that was our bread winner... I've ruined us nooooooo
Don't worry + karl taylor we ain't filming you secretly... Not yet anyway.... Nooooo fuck + Jason Long I keep giving our secrets away....
Whatever + Jason Long you suggested the + Martijn van der Meulen cameras.
I think soul reaver 2 mate
Oh lordy, South Park is changing. It's gone all 2D. What is going on these days? Eh? EH???? 'South Park' Season 17 Intro
Western interest in Vita TV greater than expected, says Sony - Interest among westerners for Sony's recently-announced PlayStation Vita TV has exceeded the company's expectations, Sony Computer Entertainment's Masayasu Ito told Eurogamer. Ito said feedback since the hardware's unveiling last week has been "strong ... more than we expected," and the company is considering launching the product outside of Japan. An international launch, however, means Sony would need to consider adding other media content for other territories. (Read the rest by clicking the link above) #vitatv #playstationvita #sony
So i've just crashed my car into several buildings, been arrested 4 times and had sex with 3 prostitutes... I think that's enough practice. Time to go home and play GTA V.
Me and + William Colon love this part of the game...
I'm gonna fuck you all up with the PS move....
Global warming does exist but its most likely natural and I have been saying this for some time now. We are closer to the sun and the sun is also emitting huge amounts of solar flares in the last 20 years (which obviously heat things up). The global warming stuff in my opinion is mostly made up so organisations can make money. The Global Warming industry makes billions each year. Look what has just leaked.
+ Andy Lewis Nope, I tend not to read any papers.
+ Andy Lewis I have been saying for years the Global Warming thing is a money making fad. I still believe this. People are gullible, stupid and will fall for anything.
+ Andy Lewis Like I said its not that I dont agree its that I dont agree with what the climate change people are saying. I believe its happening yes, not in the way they are saying though. I fully believe this is a natural thing and not a man made thing. To be honest we have no real hardcore proof from either side (as in is it man or natural). So who knows, but if theres money to be made from this I find it fucking wrong.
This is my point exactly as + Jason Long Says.... The money they are so called taking off us to fix the problems is in fact not fixing the issues. Its used to buy weapons etc etc.
Holy jesus, you return sir + Randy Arrowood finally a real man around here. Unlike pussy lips + Jason Long and flangeuire + Andy Lewis
Bombshell: I just released the (probably) most beautiful Chrome App available! As of today you can play + Murder Files for Google Chrome, directly from the Chrome Web Store. My team has been working incredibly hard over the last couple of months in order to bring this to you. I really wanted to bring an experience to Chrome that showcases just how powerful Chrome Apps can be. Like other Chrome Apps Murder Files works just as well when you’re offline, the game is always up-to-date and it even stores your progress in the cloud - You can easily start the game at home on your Chromebook, and then pick up from where you left off at your lunchbreak in the office on your Windows machine. It just works. This is the most polished version of our #1 murder mystery game yet. Murder Files is a beautifully animated murder mystery game consisting of six episodes that take place in the quintessentially British town of Little Riddle. The Mayor has been brutally murdered and it’s up to you to find out whoddunnit. You need to solve puzzles, interrogate suspects, use your powers of observation and investigate clues to uncover the strange goings on. We also made some specific improvements in order to make sure you’re owning a Chrome App of which you’ll be proud to show it to your friends. Performance of the game is optimised for all platforms that run Chrome. Additionally there is full support for the touch screen of the Chromebook Pixel. You can slide your finger over the map in the game to check out other locations, tap on puzzle pieces to get clues, drag and drop letters in their correct slot in the Mayor’s diary, the list goes on. It is incredibly intuitive. One important note though: we have created the game using the Unity game engine. Unity doesn’t support ARM Chromebooks yet, only Intel Chromebooks. The vast majority of Chromebook models use Intel chips so hopefully you’re completely fine. As soon as Unity starts supporting ARM we will update the game accordingly :). For all of my followers that run Chrome on other platforms: just go ahead and play away. Find out who the mysterious murderer is! When we created the game I had a look at the pricing of other high quality games on the Chrome Web Store. All these games have a pricepoint at about $10-15 USD. I believe that is too much, so I’m giving away the first (hour-long!) episode for free, after which you can unlock the rest of the game for the incredibly low price of $2.99 / €2.69 / £1.99. We use Google Wallet (which you probably already use for your purchases on the Google Play Store) for this, so you know your transaction is handled safe and secure. I strongly believe that Chrome is one of the most accessible gaming platforms available and hope that through successful sales we can continue to make more games for it. I really recommend checking out our YouTube trailer below - and if you like what you see then you can easily add the game to Chrome here: https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/murder-files/ijfecbiladpinddbjfodaaiahggomhaf My Murder Files team is incredibly excited about the Murder Files Chrome App. Now go forth, play the game, and spread the excitement :).
If Zelda Met Journey it would be Rime. Looks really cool and interesting. For me this was the highlight of Sonys Gamescom conference. Rime from #PlayStationGC | #PS4
I am not the biggest fan of these ultra realistic driving simulators. I am more of an arcade style racing guy and used to love Ridge Racer. Every Sony console has launched with its own version of Ridge Racer..... Where the hell if the new Ridge Racer for the PS4? I think Drive Club will have to take its place, looking mega.
I am not the biggest fan of these ultra realistic driving simulators. I am more of an arcade style racing guy and used to love Ridge Racer. Every Sony console has launched with its own version of Ridge Racer..... Where the hell if the new Ridge Racer for the PS4? I think Drive Club will have to take its place, looking mega.
Is this the future of video games? "Candy Crush Saga is racking in a cool $620,000 per day thanks to its in game micro transactions. "
Could the Wii U be the only console not ding this? Even Microsoft are doing it....
+ Randy Arrowood Could ths be bad for society.... + Jason Long may get more guns....
He may shoot himself in the cock....
Yep ive had a go of this pad and its cool. Kinda excited to see what the light will be used for as not much yet.
This holiday the Wii U has some kick ass games. I am especially looking forward to Sonic Lost World, Donkey Kong and Zelda Wind Waker HD. With its price cut could the Wii U sell well this holiday season? I think so but needs some hardcore advertising.
I still think its a half decent list. Some rumors said the new Mario Kart will launch at the end of this year, still may happen.
+ Randy Arrowood Agreed, they look to be closing some of these gaps though. They need to really start pushing things now. I think they will. I want this update to the Wii U software and the 3Ds software so we get 1 account etc.
+ Jeremy Kalman Look at this list
Old Wii U battery and a brand new official 2550mAh battery. It's like double the size.
Nah + Hackinformer its as fat as the small one.
Yea man, the old battery only used half the space. I reckon Nintendo knew it was going the make a better battery as the space fits it easy.
+ Jason Long Yep it sucks ass balls. New one lasts about 8 hours for me.
Old Wii U battery and a brand new official 2550mAh battery. It's like double the size.
It does + Brian Smith The casing houses it perfectly. The small one only used half the space, the big one uses it al. Makes you wonder if Nintendo did this on purpose. Its deffo a great addition.
Its very easy to replace also + Mac Morrison Comes with a mini screw driver. The battery fits in the pad easy and it last a looooooot longer. Do you have Pikmin 3 and the Wonderful 101?
I agree, It pissed me of with the 360 pad also. Poor move on Nintendos part.
+ Jonathan Biemond You can't tell the difference in your hands mate.
So Android, iOS, PC and MAC games will be cross platform play with the Wii U? This is a good move in my opinion.
It means you can play online games on Wii U with PC/Mac, Android and iOS users. You can also save games and bring them from those platforms to Wii U.
+ Randy Arrowood This isnt really a feature. Its just more freedom to developers. As for the next update it needs to be announced and soon.
+ Danny Kriegbaum Laursen Seriously anything is possible. They seem to be doing a lot for developers.
+ Randy Ortiz only seems to be indie devs but there is a lot taking advantage of it, over 100 devs. Thats more than the Vita has with its cross play stuff. They should advertise it.
+ Philip Figueroa Smart glass and PS mobile dont do this...... How is Nintendo exactly playing catch up???
+ Randy Ortiz The Vita dosent have monster hunter
+ Philip Figueroa That is totally unconfirmed as to what your saying....... But if that happens wont they be playing cathup to Nintendo?
hahahahahahaha I am pissing my sides laughing at what you have just said + Randy Arrowood
Sony and MS rock but unsure the point you are making dude + Philip Figueroa this is almost as bad as the crap + Chris Wray says with his pro PC stuff (im messing)
+ Camille Shim-Marinos I hope MS and Sony do this also. Can you imagine Wii U guys kicking Xbox One dudes asses? That would be cool and needs to happen someday mate.
Many would say my rear end is a temple of holy tranquility.
+ Jason Long You like it on top? + Randy Arrowood told me your his windown cleaner.
+ Jason Long on subject now, is this a move we would like to see all console makers making?
So I was talking to Game-Modo's resident PC man and all round technical dude + Chris Wray about next gen console hardware. These console are already outperformed easily by PC hardware and not just in a small way. In some regards high end PCS destroy the next gen consoles. Future graphics cards and PC hardware coming out in literally months outperform the next gen consoles by a mammoth amount. Now I remember when the PS3 and Xbox 360 came out and they where rather powerful machines, in some regards graphically very powerful. Will these next gen consoles really offer that much different to what we already have? I wonder if the jump into next gen will be as big for console gamers as it will be for pc gamers? If you really want a next gen game visually the high end PC is deffo the place to go as the games look visually far better.
+ William Colon I dont believe its a hugely bad thing but maybe the next step is Oculus Rift or different experiences like you mentioned above.
+ Chris Wray I just stole what you said. In a way even the GamePad is something different, although nothing like the Oculus Rift. I see Tablets being used way more for console gaming and maybe PC gaming.
Do we think many will be disappointed that games dont look that much different? + William Colon ? I have seen many saying the One will feature some of the best visuals ever and the PS4 but in reality they wont look massively different.
+ William Colon I find it interesting just how far behind now they all are compared to PC gaming (spec wise). Maybe its the 8 year wait until they made a console?
I just believe many are jumping in the next gen console race with expectations of big graphical changes, that wont happen. Its a different approach this time and I like what + Chris Wray just said. The Wii U, PS4 and One will all look more or less identical with multiplatform releases. It will be the added extras that will make or break the sales, and the games of course.
+ Randy Arrowood Your missing the point, you bell end. They are lightyears behind in some regards now.
+ Randy Arrowood I aint saying this is a bad thing man but many seem to believe the Xbox One and PS4 will be super powerful, they wont offer a huge graphical leap like the PS3 did to the PS2. So whats the approach for these guys as games wont look that much different. + William Colon made some good suggestions and so did + Chris Wray
+ William Colon Exactly man. The exclusives will sell it. I really want Knack.
+ Jason Long You have said a point here that many seem to miss. If you want the full PS4 experience you need a Vita. Which makes it very expensive.
+ William Colon I believe those policies will return dude and I reckon Sony and Nintendo will eventually follow this down the line (its inevitable).
+ William Colon But will people buy it? I am totally unsure they will. It sounds fantastic but how well it will stream outside your house (if it actually can) is questionable. I can see it working well in the house with the ps4 wifi. Also not every game has to use this, as in its up to the developer to add the PS Vita support. Apparently a few of the launch games will not have it in. (which is a shame).
+ Chris Wray Also works on Smartphones, Android tablets and iPads but you make a good point.
+ William Colon Yea but that in a future dev kit. For the moment its non mandatory. Hopefully all games will be patched to work with the Vita. + Chris Wray That would be cool in the new Saints Row haha. The Vita wont actually showcase maps etc like the Wii U. It will just be for playing games on the go (Sony said this). If devs do decide to do that it will be cool.
+ Randy Arrowood I aint getting an Xbox One. I am getting a GameCube.
I don't see many buying a PS Vita just to use it with the PS4.
+ Chris Wray Sounds strange this but when I first used a Wii U gamepad I couldn't get used to it. The more I've used it, the better gaming experience in my opinion. It makes games better, I love it.
+ Danny Kriegbaum Laursen You shoulda used that money on strippers and beer.
+ Chris Wray You should be in more discussions on here. Your quite possibly the most level headed along with + Jason Long .
+ Jason Long What is your opinion on + Danny Kriegbaum Laursen using his money on prostitutes and beer?
Not only is + Chris Wray level headed, hes also funnier than + Randy Arrowood
So who has finished The Last Of Us? I know my good man + William Colon has, the sexy + Martijn van der Meulen has and the guy who wishes he was me + Jason Long has. I am a fair way through. It's fun for sure. One of the best games ever on the PS3, I dunno but its very impressive and games like this make me love PlayStation.
+ Martijn van der Meulen Oh ok. I thought you had finished it? Must have been the my little pony game you finished then. Makes sense now.
I really rate it.. I wonder what is next for Naughty Dog? A new Uncharted maybe? A new Jack and Daxter or a brand new game?
+ Martijn van der Meulen I am excited to see what its like mate. If you want any help testing or anything give me a shout.
+ William Colon You should try the Murder Files on your iPhone its the game + Martijn van der Meulen has made. Really good actually.
+ William Colon Hes currently making a new game also. The original Murder Files was on the PS3 also man. Mega game.
Once again I remembered why I love you + Jason Long your words are wise. I agree and hope its almost certain anther one is i the works.
Spot the odd one out? Well this is kinda cool. I've been sent 2 copies of The Wonderful 101 and the supplier only shows I've ordered it once and can't find a second shipment. They said because of this mistake I can keep it. Wow thanks Amazon. By the way anyone considering getting Splinter Cell Blacklist. The Wii U version is the best hands down, brilliant game. Also the Wonderful 101 is stunning (more on that in my reviews coming soon)
+ Martijn van der Meulen how very dare you..... come in my house and cause a riot. I mean erm yea what is a Wii U? Is that a cat?
+ Travis Blair I would happily send it man but those stupid region restrictions Nintendo use suck
Spot the odd one out? Well this is kinda cool. I've been sent 2 copies of The Wonderful 101 and the supplier only shows I've ordered it once and can't find a second shipment. They said because of this mistake I can keep it. Wow thanks Amazon.
+ Jack Hardman Man the wonderful 101 is hands down the best game on the Wii U at the moment. Hard as hell though. + Randy Arrowood both games are quality. + Jason Long this game alone is why you should buy a Wii U haha
Oh its damn fun man. Im loving the wonderful 101
+ Tim Bates So there Wii U wannabe games that are actually Wii U games. Thats like a paradox. The world is gunna implode.... noooooooo
Was anyone else also shocked at how low the PS4 pre orders are so far? Just 1 million? The PS3 had over 3 million and the Wii U had 2.5 million. With all the hype I was expecting way more pre orders, is this a sign of things to come? I do believe they will all struggle next gen to be honest.
Even the Xbox One pre orders are low. I hope they both increase now man.
+ Brian Allen That was my intial thoughts. Still though I was expecting a bigger number by now. I hope it jumps up for both of em.
+ Jeremy Kalman Yea crazy aint it. I think they have limeted stock.
+ Jeremy Kalman Oh yea deffo I was just expecting more. I remember the ps2 having nearly 4 million pre orders. Was mental.
+ Jeremy Kalman this be the list you sexy beast.
Im here to reveal I am currently in a deep Sony cleansing session with + Jason Long hes warned me my anti Sony tones are causing offense and my positive everything else is wrong. I must only love Sony and nothing else... In a fit of rage I just blew up my SNES. Realising the pain I have caused you all I am here to say this. Cats can walk on the moon and I still dont get + Travis Blair jokes....
+ Randy Arrowood and + Jeremy Kalman and + William Colon .....
So it looks amazing then + Travis Blair ?
+ Randy Arrowood I understand your anger but you must be repented towards the only saviour and company we can love. Sony. + Jeremy Kalman There is nothing to get Jeremy, we are all born from the Sony seed.
+ Travis Blair Best bet is to actually play one and you will see the appeal.
+ Travis Blair I wouldn't say Assassins Creed games are the same. They do offer new things each game. I actually am not a fan of the game but the story is outstanding.
Its a continuation + Travis Blair the different time settings are all part of the bigger picture. I got bored of AC at 3. Cool story but Ive had enough of it now.
Was I the only one really unimpressed with the PS4 launch lineup? It really dosent look all that brilliant when you compare it to the Xbox One launch games. I am seriously considering getting an Xbox One instead now.
But my point stands. I will go to where the good games are and im sorry but the PS4 launch games just dont do it for me. I may pick one up and some point but not looking like on launch now lads.
The whole thing was boring, I was expecting a boom from Sony. + Andy Lewis yknow what I mean. Sony coulda fucking owned this and they did not. Microsoft easily walked away a victor.
When did I say it wasent an opinion and a point? haha + William Colon your the only one getting upset with my opinion ;)
+ Randy Arrowood I have you iPhone man, when do you want it back :P haha
Titanfall, Dead Rising 3, Ryse, Crimson Dragon, Zoo Tycoon and Lococycle + Daniel Roca the ps4 wasent bad its just I was expecting more, or something that woulda blown the xbox one outa the water,
+ Andy Lewis Im torn man..... I love the PS consoles and I know it will be a sound investment.... Im staying with the PS4. + William Colon get me a beer man.....
+ William Colon Sorry man I was winding you up (come give uncle Ric a hug). + Randy Arrowood ...... I want a divorce.... I also want custody of + William Colon and to see young + Jason Long at weekends
+ Daniel Roca Did you mean to send this message to me?
+ Daniel Roca My bad re saying Titanfall is a launch game. As for the above yes I watched the whole conference. They looked cool. But I agree with + Jason Long
+ Daniel Roca If MS did a lot of free to play and Sony did not would your opinion be different? I for one am not a fan of free to play.
+ Daniel Roca I watched both conferences. Microsofts was much better and most agree. I am not saying the Sony one was bad but it should have been better. Thats all I am trying to get at mate ;) Also I like indie games.
+ Daniel Roca + Andy Lewis and + Jason Long yea the rapture game looked neat.
+ Daniel Roca Should we also share Wii U and Xbox One Trailers? haha. They all have great games incoming. I would like to see more of Deep Down.
FF7 sold well dude. So did ICO and Shadow Of The Colossus. Zelda The Wind Waker sold bad. Love that game.
Its just amazing. I love the jetpack stuff. By the way I hear many Sony fans saying this will be coming to PS4. You are all wrong. Microsoft owns the brand, they also paid EA to make it. Sorry kids.
I am not sold on the PS4 + Jon Horner I feel the Xbox one has the better launch games
Some really strong launch games for the Xbox One. More and more Microsoft are impressing me. They sure have turned a corner and things are looking mighty exciting. Any real gamer would be impressed. On launch day, you’ll be able to enjoy titles from a diverse range of global developers and renowned studios. Xbox One launch titles include: Assassin's Creed IV Black Flag (Ubisoft, Ubisoft) Battlefield 4 (DICE, Electronic Arts) Call of Duty: Ghosts (Infinity Ward, Activision) Crimson Dragon (Grounding/Land Ho!, Microsoft Studios) Dead Rising 3 (Capcom Vancouver, Microsoft) FIFA 14 (EA Sports, Electronic Arts) Fighter Within (AMA Ltd., Ubisoft) Forza Motorsport 5 (Turn 10 Studios, Microsoft Studios) Just Dance 2014 (Ubisoft Paris, Ubisoft) Killer Instinct (Double Helix, Microsoft Studios) LEGO Marvel Super Heroes (TT Games, Warner Bros. Interactive) Lococycle (Twisted Pixel, Microsoft Studios) Madden NFL 25 (EA Sports, Electronic Arts) NBA 2K14 (Visual Concepts, 2K Sports) NBA LIVE 14 (EA Sports, Electronic Arts) Need for Speed: Rivals (Ghost Games, Electronic Arts) Peggle 2 (Popcap, Electronic Arts) Powerstar Golf (Zoe Mode, Microsoft Studios) Ryse: Son of Rome (Crytek, Microsoft Studios) Skylanders: Swap Force (Vicarious Visions, Activision) Watch Dogs (Ubisoft Montreal, Ubisoft) Zoo Tycoon (Frontier Developments Ltd., Microsoft Studios) Zumba Fitness: World Party (Zoë Mode, Majesco) The Best Games Are on Xbox One
+ Jon Horner I think Sony need to do a lot now to keep people interested on the PS4. Microsoft have just come to the party and is sleeping with all the hot birds whilst Nintendo and Sony are stoned in the corner.
+ Jon Horner I hope they announce more games for the PS4 mate.
If Sony announce Uncharted 4 today they will have it in the bag.
+ Travis Blair Yep and Sony did this with the PS3. No ones perfect mate.
I am finding OUYA to be a bit of a letdown on many fronts. It had so many promises yet failed at almost all of them. These guys are not the saviours of indie gaming or helping bring indie games to peoples TVs. Only Microsoft, Sony and Nintendo in my humble opinion are going to be the guys who do this. If you are planning on getting an OUYA I would not recommend one. Instead save your money and invest in an Xbox One which eventually will be a dev kit via a software update if your thinking of making games. A PS4 as Sony have been pumping out quality indie titles with some brilliant devs for a few years now. Nintendo really have gone out of their way to bring indie games to the 3DS and Wii U and have a really good relationship with indie devs, lots and lots of games on the way and you can use a PC or a Wii U to make games now. I feel the OUYA had such grand expectations from myself and did not meet them. Do I see a future for the OUYA brand and consoles? No not really.
I am finding OUYA to be a bit of a letdown on many fronts. It had so many promises yet failed at almost all of them. These guys are not the saviours of indie gaming or helping bring indie games to peoples TVs. Only Microsoft, Sony and Nintendo in my humble opinion are going to be the guys who do this. If you are planning on getting an OUYA I would not recommend one. Instead save your money and invest in an Xbox One which eventually will be a dev kit via a software update if your thinking of making games. A PS4 as Sony have been pumping out quality indie titles with some brilliant devs for a few years now. Nintendo really have gone out of their way to bring indie games to the 3DS and Wii U and have a really good relationship with indie devs, lots and lots of games on the way and you can use a PC or a Wii U to make games now. I feel the OUYA had such grand expectations from myself and did not meet them. Do I see a future for the OUYA brand and consoles? No not really.
+ Alejandro E. Ayala Yep and it has issues with software (fucking many issues) and it has no real vibe going for it mate.
+ Martijn van der Meulen Sorry to tag you into this ramble but I feel the OUYA is rather embarrassing. If I was an indie dev and wanting to showcase my games I would steer clear from it. Is this the impression you guys get?
+ Martijn van der Meulen Interesting you talk about The Murder Files here because I feel the 3DS is a good place to bring this type of game. It has a big market share and I believe consumers of the 3DS would buy it in bucket loads worldwide. Anyway I agree OUYA wont build much traction and I dont see this company existing in the future. I do however believe if Apple was to release a device that hooked up to the TV and could play games/media etc it would do very well. I know Google is also making a Nexus style console. Interesting times ahead mate.
+ Brian Smith They both have certain game (iOS especially) that give the Vita and 3DS a run for their money. An example is The Murder Files by + Martijn van der Meulen and his team. This game is superb by the way. I think the indie game future is in Steam, Nintendo, Sony and Microsoft in getting onto the TV. Maybe even Apple and Google.
+ Martijn van der Meulen Yea mate you deffo should. I am a Nintendo geek but the 3DS has a huge market. These sorts of games I believe work well on the console also. I think from reading its free to publish games on it. Will have to investigate that though.
I think Sony and MS will be level race again next gen. Is this good, yes it is. It leads to them both pushing each other. As for Nintendo who knows but the Wii U has some nice games on the way and it still has faith from developers.
+ Andreas Rønning Hi man, what do you think of the OUYA then?
I really dont think they did actually. I feel Sony did this and Microsoft with the PS3 and Xbox 360.
+ Alejandro E. Ayala I just said that haha.
Oh yea and many companies use this tactic but its shit. Ive been in huge discussions regarding Microsoft doing it to Sony and the Sony guys agreed it was poor etc. Sony however does this a lot. Ive seen the 3DS to be fair Sony could sell the PS Vita for £100 and it would still not outsell the 3DS. Games sell consoles and the 3DS has more than a few great games.
+ Justin Drobey Exactly but they never went to the extremes Sony has gone to.
