Sony released Jelly Bean update for Xperia Z1 and Z Ultra Android 4.2 Longer battery life, improved camera and an optimized display - Sony promises users of the Xperia Z1 and Z Ultras numerous improvements. Effective immediately, the Jelly Bean Update 4.2 available for the Sony Xperia and Xperia Z1 Z Ultra availab...
Sony Xperia Z1 Review Android Smartphone The Sony Xperia Z1 Curhaus top smartphone with water-resistant housing, large battery and plenty of performance. How beats the phone in detail, please read the detailed review. Sony does things by halves and puts its new Xperia smartphone...
How to Delete Skype Account Members are facing error while deleting Skype Account Many people put themselves in messengers, social networks and other Web services like on multiple accounts. In general, these users from the very simple delete itself again. But not so with Skype. The He...
Phishing Incorrect Bank Mails Every third person gets incorrect bank - mails More than 30 percent of Germans have already received emails with false sender information, where access for online banking or other services are queried. This puts Germany in the global section. Online crimina...
iPhone 5: Rumors check - What is and what is not iPad event on 22 October Comes on 22 October, a golden iPad with fingerprint sensor? Or an iPad Mini in Space Grey with retina display? The current rumors ticker with estimates of the editors. Apple has now to media representatives an invitation to an event...
Google Chrome Useful command-line options Google Chrome is not only a fast and flexible browser, but also offers many features and options. Some of them can be controlled at the start of the browser via command line parameters. Since you probably do not want to start every time Google Chrome from t...
Sony released Jelly Bean update for Xperia Z1 and Z Ultra Android 4.2 Longer battery life, improved camera and an optimized display - Sony promises users of the Xperia Z1 and Z Ultras numerous improvements. Effective immediately, the Jelly Bean Update 4.2 available for the Sony Xperia and Xperia Z1 Z Ultra availab...
Acer unveils new 249- Euro - Chromebook Acer C720 Acer C720 has a new Chromebook presented with the Acer, which is significantly thinner and lighter than their predecessor models. In addition, a long battery life and a rating based on the Intel Haswell CPU architecture. The new Acer Chromebook Ac...
Nexoc G 513 Review Standard notebook Performance without compromise: Into the thick gaming laptop G513 packs Nexoc everything that makes fast - that has unpleasant side effects but also shows how the test. If a notebook is about three kilograms heavy and four inches high, you...
Android 4.4 to SMS app can even choose KitKat With Android 4.4, users themselves should be allowed to choose its standard SMS app and maybe even be able to send and receive SMS via Hangouts. How androidcentral.com reported SMS third-party apps will probably play on Android 4.4 aka KitKat a more ...
Google SmartWatch should have long battery life With Bluetooth 4.0 Just before the presentation of the alleged Google SmartWatch dive to new rumors. Allegedly, Google focused on a long battery life and the use of Google Now. As the blog 9to5gooogle.com reports , Google's SmartWatch will be introduced soo...
Read Image Information Exif header EXIF stands for Exchangeable Image File general and designated a standard for storing recording information in image files. The Exif header consists of hexadecimal code and contains general information about the camera and the recording paramete...
Google wants to advertise with user data Divided ticked recommendations? For several days, a proposed amendment to Google's Terms of resentment for the Internet provides. The company wants to continue to show ads with recommendations profile picture its users if they agree. That sounds fair, but ...
HTC One Max First Review HTC has officially unveiled its new phablet HTC One Max today. It looks like the famous one, has grown to 5.9 inches but clear. It also trumps with the latest software and improved feed and HTC Flashing Zoe. Read the first test of what the big Smartphone ha...
LG G Flex new Smartphone LG's new Smartphone sags The next Smartphone manufacturer LG will be bent in the middle. Well first photos show how the LG G Flex device will looks like. On the website Engadget.com first images of curved Smartphone LG G Flex have surfaced. Along with some ...
Google Ingress comes for iOS Google is working on a version of its augmented reality games Ingress for Apple operating systems. But they will not appear before 2014. End of 2012, Google released together with the developers Niantic Labs Augmented Reality Game for Android Ingress system...
Nokia Software Updater for Retail Bricks also brought back to life Nokia has some service partners throughout the world. Who but yourself a phone from the Finns that is good for nothing anymore, because the software has given up the ghost, can now use the " Nokia Software Updater for Retail ". With the application it is po...
Full advantage of Skydrive storage As part of a Microsoft account you get 7 GB of free space on Skydrive. Windows 8 is the central location for all photos, documents and even apps. Our guide shows you how to use the cloud storage optimally. Microsoft Skydrive has been around since 2007, but ...
Larger iPads and iPhones planned to launch for 2014 Apple is reportedly set back on innovative displays and especially on larger iOS devices next year. As the website claims to have found Display Search, Apple is planning for the coming year 2014, a 12.9 -inch diagonal screen with iPad, iPhone with 4.7 inche...
The big security check for Android Smartphone security Android smartphones are considered very safe. The system is not perfect protection, however. With our apps you check the security status of your Smartphone. One of the best app is Lookout Mobile Security. The Android operating system for...
The big security check for Android Smartphone security Android smartphones are considered very safe. The system is not perfect protection, however. With our apps you check the security status of your Smartphone. One of the best app is Lookout Mobile Security. The Android operating system for...
The big security check for Android Smartphone security Android smartphones are considered very safe. The system is not perfect protection, however. With our apps you check the security status of your Smartphone. One of the best app is Lookout Mobile Security. The Android operating system for...
Mark Zuckerberg buys 4 homes for more privacy Facebook founder Mark Zuckerberg has recently bought four properties in its immediate living environment. So he wants to protect his privacy. The worth a total of 4 houses were all close to Zuckerberg's 5 -bedroom house in Palo Alto . More than 30 million U...
Google Cloud Print Management Mobile Print - Google Cloud Print Management You use Google Cloud Print for printing from a mobile device, such as from your Android tablet. With time, a lot of jobs and a significant number of printers in the cloud print service have accumulated. This is c...
Lexus offers Wi-Fi hotspot for retrofitting Rolling Hotspot Lexus now offers also a Wi-Fi hotspot for its vehicles. As a retrofit solution. Toyota 's premium Lexus brand sold from now on the " Lexus system hotspot ” for wireless reception in your car. Up to five Wi-Fi devices such as laptop, tablet, ...
Gembird DCAM-005 records in car accidents Security camera for cars The market for Dashcams booming. Gembird has now introduced a new security camera for cars. The Gembird DCAM-005 has a metal body and is characterized also when driving at night images. The Gembird DCAM-005 is a Dashcam for your car...
New Windows function deletes old updates KB 2852386 Microsoft adds Windows 7 via update a new feature added. It allows users to reclaim up to several gigabytes of space on the hard disk. Microsoft adds Windows 7 using the update KB 2852386 a new feature added. After the installation is found in th...
Youtube App for Windows Phone again in criticism Version 3.2 Since May, Google and Microsoft compete for the Youtube app for Windows Phone. Time it is available, sometimes it is gone. Now Microsoft has rebuilt the app and garners criticism of the users. Because Microsoft Advertising is not represented in ...
Nexus 5 - New Battery notes and prices The Nexus 5 will come with 16 and 32 GB on the market. In the two models are put different sized batteries. And there is also preliminary evidence on the rates. A recently surfaced on the Web manual for Nexus 5 had confirmed that in the new Google Smartphon...
Windows Update is broken - what now? Fix-It The idea is good, but not getting the Windows internal automatic update feature really works. With a small, fully automated tool, you make them again fast. This also applies to Windows 8, as our experience in the editorial show. What should you do if...
External Hard Drives: The ideal removable storage External hard drive Back up your data to an external hard drive, but gradually becomes small. Now consider a new larger external to purchase or install an internal drive in your current housing. The installation of a new plate can be a problem. Namely often...
Facebook Graph reveals when to go (according to Facebook), most relationships end Over the year, there are some public holidays and other days that can weigh heavily on a relationship in some cases. Whether it's the pre-Christmas stress, a little humor to the first of April or even the party mood for spring break. Again and again, there ...
Everything automatically - these tools save time Automatic tools Start up automatically, automatic writing, automatic update - let the tools do the work for you while you sit back. Time is money, the saying goes. And besides, you probably know better to do with your time than filling out tedious web forms...
Microsoft announces IE Update Patch Day Preview At Patch Day on 8 October Microsoft will release eight security bulletins, including four classified as critical. Also, the zero-day vulnerability in Internet Explorer should be closed. Adobe has also announced updates. 8 October Update Tu...
