New Sony 7 series bodies seem to take a design que from 80's 35mm SLR's. But they are interesting and FULL frame...
Who would have thought me standing up for our rights would have sparked such a firestorm. Good read.
I was just doing my do diligence. Seems that's pretty controversial these days
Today we're headed out of Salt Lake & into the hills for more Fall color. Maybe a trip up Canyon Road. Then a trot up 70 into Colorado
New Sony 7 series bodies seem to take a design que from 80's 35mm SLR's. But they are interesting and FULL frame...
What can I say. It's not my intent, but that liberty minded head I have gets me into trouble
Perhaps. But just as many are frustrated with the ongoing behavior of said police. Boise seems to have a reputation. I think it went well. People are talking, thinking and hopefully reading the Constiution and thinking a bit more about liberty. Plus I'm not in jail, which is also rather nice.
With 5 days to go, SPEEDCinema has been a bit of a bust. Life goes on, but looks like we're losing big on this one
Some interesting links this time in the Seim Effects Letter -- "New Video Workshop & Image Stabilizing Chickens"...
Check out our newest video series. Master photo retouching like never before - Introducing our new Master workshop, Retouching MAGIC. First responders get it for 50% off, but ONLY for the first 3 days, through Oct 6th -
Check out my brand new Master Series video workshop, Retouching MAGIC -
Awesome trip. Yesterday Nathan and were in Portland to meet the one and only Rodney Lough Jr. filming a segment for the new PHOTOGRAPHICS film, . As one of American's premier landscape photographers, who better to ask what makes a great photograph. He gave us some great insights for the and we got to see a bit behind the scenes of his amazing work. Rodney is not only a master of his craft and his business, he's a fun hospitable guy to work with. Look for him when the film releases. Gav
The latest podcast is alive and well.
Why promoting FB posts to non fans is RUINING your page.. . And and the easier way to fix it..
Planning the Fall production trip of the PHOTOGRAPHICS Miniseries. It's shaping up to be a beauty...
Lightroom 5.2 update released today with bug fixes and camera updates -- Here's a direct link...
SPEEDCinema hit 7% of it's goal on Kickstarter today - Thanks for continuing to spread the word everyone...
Random people are tired of seeing our FB post ads - Turns out we can still promote a post ONLY to page followers...
It's the thuggish police we need to take the guns from.
A peek at our #Fall Road Trip Route. Hunting for color, new pictorials and final filming for the PHOTOGRAPHICS Film..
Wow great tip. Promoting your posts to people who could care less is a waste.
What's it like on day 3 of a slow starting Kickstarter?? Imagine 30 days of torture with 27 days left... About like that
At some point you have to stop tolerating tyranny or you become a SLAVE.
Here's that video of the SPEEDCinema. It's going to be amazing for your film and time lapse work. Funding now on Kickstarter...
This is the SuperSlider config of the SPEEDCinema - It's a compact setup but sturdy enough to hold any camera. The SPEEDTubes mean you can use it at any length and the CrossBars quickly connect it to support tripods, or you can just set it on the nearest counter top, rock or road. You can see it in action in the video...
Thanks Larry. It's going to be good.
If you're a time lapse lover we'll be looking for design input to make SPEEDCinema ready to rig up out of the box. Lets us know what you need on the ultimate rail system...
OK we just went LIVE on Kickstarter with SPEEDCinema: The World's Most Versatile Camera Slider & Dolly.. . Check this out and please help us spread the word.
Yea, 2 anti freedom senators ousted - Let it be known. When you break laws of the Constitution WE laid on you. You are a criminal & will be FIRED
A few hours left of the SE 24 hour Labor Day SALE - Save 26% on the BEST Presets & Education money can buy...
Check out the Seim Effects 24 hour Labor Day SALE and save 26% on EVERYTHING...
Over 9 months working on the prototypes - We're very close. Here's a behind the scenes peak. More details here...
The new PHOTOGRAPHICS Film is releasing November 2013 - Pre-order now for just $39 and save over 30%..
