Upcoming Wireless Charging Technology From Sony Promises to Charge Your Phone Twice as Fast | #android #sony #wirelesscharging
The Best Buy near my house where I see the local general mgr all the time; so just for comparison sake & possible options outside the playstore...(Two separate "Google Experience" displays) *Top photo(Display) is where the [ N5 ], N7, & N10 will be displayed!! *Bottom photo(Display) is where all chromebooks & chromecast will be displayed!! Happy Friday G+! #turnUp
NEW His and Hers: Peyton Manning's return to Indianapolis got us to reminiscing about all kinds of reunions -- family, high school and college.
Good MorninG+ VA...great mood, great day!! Stoked that the weekend is almost here, blessings to everyone!
I might make this my Avi Good Morning...God Bless!! Today is friday so you can't convince me that there isn't @ least one reason to smile!
Upcoming Wireless Charging Technology From Sony Promises to Charge Your Phone Twice as Fast | #android #sony #wirelesscharging
I love these cases...pre ordered one for the Nexus 5
I had a body glove case on my S4 when I had it but the Neo Hybrid for my S3 fit perfectly...thanks for the heads up
Definitely won't fly off the shelf, that nice price drop for the holiday is their escape
The price isn't bad but I would have liked to see them get really aggressive @299...some marketing & under 300 would have been the sweet spot
The front and back of Xperia Z1 are made of durable tempered glass, reflecting the world around you – even underwater.
This will be the first year that a Nexus phone moves beyond the Geek crowd in a major way...the N4 was a great test run to gage the consumer interest of the Nexus Brand! I'm stoked to be a part of Google's evolving vision of Android Oo yeah, Good MorninG+...God Bless!!
+ Omar Carrington GM Bro...I can't wait to see those new features of kitkat too, instant preview for me (N7) & you (N10)
+ Jack Holt No Nexus love on verizon so if you switch to them the closest you'll get to a nexus is the Droid Maxx
+ Omar Carrington Nice...Oo I thought you offed your N7 lol
+ Jack Holt I'm rocking a X right now, it's going to my daughter whenever I get the new nexus
Good MorninG+...God Bless!! No complaints just very thankful for today!
Korean Media Confirms Flexible OLED Packing G Flex Coming November, LG’s Nexus 5 Launching By End of October | #android #gflex #nexus5
All the Va Google+ famlay , Who's ready to network?? I'm working on a few ways to make the community more interactive....stop by and drop a few requests on what you would like to see!
Glad I don't get caught up in the hype #aviate O_o
One thing that won't be happening up here is me justifying any purchases I make, I'm a tecjunke not a brandjunke so unless someone gives me a device for free my choices remain just that; mines w/o anyone's stamp of approval...I'll keep enjoying the show though #popcornready lol
+ Chris Sullins Yup...I seen your sony smartwatch post yesterday too but the comments were disabled, it definitely seams like a winner
For me they were disabled yesterday...when you tagged me I tried to respond
Im not sure bc I never disabled the comment section before + Chris Sullins
Depends on how itchy I get for a smartwatch...maybe catch a good deal around Christmas time
+ Nicolas Sincere the price is good right on those correct?
God has an expectation of greatness for your life, the question is "Do you believe it!"
Great app when sending numerous pictures through email...especially corporate channels!! #humpdayproductivity
Rumor: Take this w/ a heavy heavy grain of salt... I have a rumor about a rumor that possibly is a rumor that you can only count as a rumor that I found out through a rumor that I hope is not a rumor that my source says is only a rumor...hmmmm
+ Alexander Maxham I was just having some fun bro...lol
Yup...it was pretty bad over in their camp O_O lol
Good event for the kiddos
You have to be kidding...
+ Christy Wiley I had to say it...but I feel the say way
Tech Tip 101: Opinions don't equal facts...let's get back to the basics #thatisall
I try to be nice but some people... C'mon how do people think Google makes money?!! Really; All of their services are free except Play Music #facepalm >_<
+ Si Torres All the time, people will always find something to complain about lol...
A iPhone user's phony review of using android temporarily: "I don't like android just because apple rocks, I don't understand the OS" aka I can't think on my own to customize my device... _so Here's my real review of using an iPad for work(no choice) everyday: "I don't like iOS because it's absolutely boring, I don't understand why they make it hard to do simple things" aka I know how to customize my device to how I like it which makes my life easier... *The End!Boom!! Lol
A scorned woman is like no other lol
+ Sara Vega I feel the same way...really so what If he did
Xiaomi Week 1 I've just completed my first week at Xiaomi here in Beijing and it's been a pretty intense journey so far. The Chinese tech ecosystem moves at breakneck speed. I've never seen such fierce competition and such impassioned desire to build things fast. There's a pervasive entrepreneurial spirit in companies both small and big. Xiaomi is every bit as fascinating and Google-like as I expected. The engineering floor is always busy with people building well into the night. The teams are small and scrappy, and speed (in both UX and execution) is always a top priority. Everyone at Xiaomi — engineers, PMs, designers and marketeers — is insanely focused on users and "doing the right thing". We have a special term for our users — we call them "Mi fans", and "Mi fans" always come first. Social media is huge in China — bigger than anything I've seen in the west. Sina Weibo, the most popular micro-blogging platform in China, has over 500M registered users and over 50M DAUs. In less than a month and after only 9 public posts, my Weibo account had over 80,000 followers ( ). I even have a public nickname crowd-sourced via social media by our CEO, Lei Jun. The nickname is 虎哥 (pronounced "Hǔ gē") and literally means "tiger brother" I'm really looking forward to my next few weeks and months here at Xiaomi. I'll try to share as much as I can about this new experience (while keeping up with the crazy pace on this side of the world).
If you are still posting about the NSA then you have absolutely NO! life... Even cave & mountain dwellers aren't excluded unless they have cut off all forms of communication to the rest of the world!! Give it a rest already
NEW His and Hers: We discuss the tragic death of Adrian Peterson's 2-year-old son, a sad awakening and lesson for parents.
+ Alvin McClendon II Thinking I'm going to get my daughter's One right
+ Alexander Maxham I'm not sure...Maybe it was pretty much done & they felt they had to go through w/ it lol
+ Charles Distance It wasn't for me @ the time I had my hands on a One but my wife & daughter love it...w/ all the new enhancements of 5.5 especially including G+ I might enjoy it better now
Ok, now you see why it wasn't for me...I do twitter but I don't do FB, blinkfeed was just to limited imo
People be on here acting like opinions aren't allowed. It's not a win Or lose thing. IT'S THE INTERNET. If you can't READ other's opinions without being rubbed the wrong way.. you probably need to just sign off. MY OPINION.
Android 4.4 may bring always-listening Google Now - One of the best features of the Moto X from Google-owned Motorola is the Touchless Control always-listening voice command options, and a new rumor is saying that while the Moto X was first to launch the feature, Google may be packing it into the next Android update version 4.4 KitKat. Of course, one big reason why the always-listening feature of Google Now doesn't kill the Moto X battery is because of the specialized X...
+ T. Osinubi You looking too deep into bro, I bought a Moto X because it's a great phone w/ light enhancements on top of stock android...probably pass it on to my daughter once I'm able to purchase A N5, It won't br a rush on day one since my X is working perfectly for me
+ T. Osinubi Yup...true, I just knew something from the Moto X was going to end up in the Nexus!! Lol
Do I have to remind you that this will be my next phone??? #lol #Nexus5
Forgetting your password is like losing your keys—you can end up locked out of your own account. Make it easy for you—and no one else—to get into your Google Account if your password is lost or stolen. Adding a recovery email address and phone number to your Google Account is like leaving a virtual key under the mat. #staysafe goo.gl/KqC7rF
