One hour charging in 2014? Finally some hope for battery life. It may not be better battery life per se , but faster recharge times are just as welcomes. Wireless charging at that. I hope other OEMs make wireless charging a standard next year. PS: Still bitter that this community doesn't have a Sony section.
One hour charging in 2014? Finally some hope for battery life. It may not be better battery life per se , but faster recharge times are just as welcomes. Wireless charging at that. I hope other OEMs make wireless charging a standard next year. PS: Still bitter that this community doesn't have a Sony section.
Only in the USA.
I'm feeling slightly more confident that this will be the case. + Google and + KIT KAT are intentionally dangling clues in front of the internet, building up crazy amounts of hype. Wouldn't it just be icing on the cake to announce the event (not the products, the event) just as Apple are gearing up to unveil their iPads?
Yeah the Nexus won't steal sales from the iPhone. But brand awareness is important. The Nexus 4 got the ball rolling. More people now know about the Nexus brand. And announcing the unveiling just before Apple's event is sure to create quite a bit of commotion, which could lead to even more brand awareness. I mean, that's why Google teamed-up with Kit Kat in the first place, brand recognition.
True, as was mentioned in the article. Early signs are still not looking good though.
Nexus 5 Press Images Leaked. Looks great! Can't wait for the official release.
Awesome new beta ready to download - SwiftKey Layouts for Living This is a complete rethink of how you present your keyboard. “Undock” it and position it anywhere you want, choose one of three innovative modes including Compact and Thumb, and resize it to best suit what you’re doing. A beautiful experience, whatever your screen size!
Nexus 4 vs Nexus 5 Internal components aside, which design do you like better? I know the new phone isn't out yet, but we more or less already know what it looks like. Do you prefer the glass back with the shiny matrix-like effect of the Nexus 4, or the plain polycarbonate back of the Nexus 5?
#Rooney hitting back at Twitter Troll
Many of us like trying new apps. But take a moment to check out the ratings and permissions before installing that app. Does that calculator app really need to know your location or send an SMS on your behalf? If it’s asking for more permissions than it needs, the app could be malware. When in doubt, check out the ratings, read the comments and consider downloading another app. #staysafe
+ Aimen Saad Yes, you don't need to. The most common source of malware in Android is user-downloaded apps. As long as you only download apps from the Play Store, you should be safe. As precautions like mentioned in the post, check ratings and reviews. If it's malware, other users will let you know.
+ Karlo Morbán Google already have Bouncer patrolling the Play Store, and our devices all have security measures which warn us of any potentially harmful apps we may be installing.
Is it just me, or has this community grown a bit too large ? I mean it's great that there are so many Android fans on Google+ (which should be expected), but with absolutely zero moderation in the community, the amount of redundant posts (spam) is just unbearable. First we had the KitKat spam, then Themer, now Aviate, just imagine the amount of redundant posts that will crop up once KitKat and the new Nexus is announced. I love the amount of interaction in this community, it's something I haven't found in other communities, but the spam, it's a bit too much.
I did think about leaving. But like I said, the amount of interaction in this community is second to none. The other communities I peeked in are like ghost towns. People post, but hardly anyone ever comments. No discussion at all. This community just needs some moderation. That's all.
Nah man. This community is run by + Android Central someone from there should moderate.
Apple has appealed its own ITC win against Samsung, most likely looking for a broader product import ban against the Android device maker: . by + Chris Smith #Apple #Samsung #ITC #ImportBan
This is the world's first phone with more pixels than an iPad: #smartphone #quadhd #vivoxplay3s #ipad
Why would you want an QHD display on a phone? What 1080p not good enough for your hawk-eyes? The only thing higher resolution displays will bring is even poorer battery life than we have now.
+ jonathon buccieri batteries are more important. What good is a QHD display if you can only use your phone for 5 hours before needing to charge it again. ﻿ And don't compare phones to TV. It's a completely different issue, comparing a 40" TV to a 5" phone.
+ Tyler Strayhan I'm all up for change and technological advancement. But not when it's pointless and adversely affects other areas of the overall experience. Like I said earlier, 1080p displays are excellent, anything more is overkill. Overkill which will kill your battery in just a few hours. That is not an experience to be hoping for.
I don't plan on it. But as is the industry standard, once one company does it, everyone else will. Eventually not giving a choice to consumers. "You want the best flagship on the market? You must have a QHD screen." That is the future I'm worried about. One where all manufacturers participate in a pointless spec war, which brings little to no benefit to consumers. BTW, batteries are the least advanced part of the phone. So much so that we have to rely on software optimisation to get better battery life, rather than having batteries that actually work more efficiently.
+ Tyler Strayhan Moto X, one phone. HTC One, Galaxy S4, Note 3, LG G2, Xperia Z1. Face it, once someone does it, everyone will. And so what if it's a Chinese company? Oppo is a Chinese company, and their Find 5 was the first 1080p smartphone in the world. It doesn't matter where it starts, once the technology is out, everyone will use it. I don't mind advancements in technology, in fact I support it. But only if it's beneficial. And I don't see any benefit of going beyond 1080p when our eyes will never be able to tell the difference.
I totally get why Google partnered with + KIT KAT now. They could post literally anything on their social networks right now and hundreds of people would go all DaVinci Code on it trying to figure out the meaning. Hell, tech blogs are covering words spelled out in chocolate as though they are smoke signals leading to the holy grail or something. Google, without spending a dollar, created a partnership with a highly active social group that has helped drive Nexus fans into sheer madness simply by existing. There's no one doing this for Key Lime Pies, so the intensity would have been easily half of what it is right now had they kept that name.
What do you think the smartphones of 2014 will bring to the industry?
Don't steal articles Earlier today I saw the post on the right in the community. Realising it was a direct copy paste from + Android Authority , I asked the author of the blog why he did so, instead of directly linking to the original article. Naturally instead of replying, all he did was delete my comment. What he did here is basically steal the article. Sure he linked to it in his blog post, but people who read his blog post which by the way, was the full article, won't then go to the source. In other words, he is stealing views from the original author. +RaJaTh KuMaR if you want to run a blog, don't steal articles. It's not cool.
I tagged them twice, once in the original comment which was deleted and once more here. I don't want to make a formal complaint. It's a small matter but one that can lead to big consequences if not snipped in the bud.
Repost What can we expect in 2014? With every major Android partner having released their phones for 2013, some rumours are already looking to 2014. What do you think smartphones will bring to the market next year?
Sir Alex unveils road sign Former Reds boss Sir Alex Ferguson unveiled a new road named in his honour on Monday. Sir Alex Ferguson Way replaces Water's Reach as one of the routes leading directly to Old Trafford and at a ceremony on Monday, the former manager said: “It's a privilege and an honour to have a road named after me. You don't expect these things in life. “It encapsulates probably the last 26 years – coming to the great club, the history of it. It's been an incredible journey for me, ending today for me to unveil this road sign: Sir Alex Ferguson Way. “I'm really proud of that and I'm proud of everyone who has been associated with the club. “I'd like to thank Manchester United for inviting me down here, 26 years ago. It was a fantastic elevation in my life and a challenge that I accepted. And we are where we are now. “It's a great, great football club. You, the supporters, have enjoyed it. And I still think that a lot of our young fans don't remember that there were bad days. Dealing with bad days is what we're good at. This club will always go on. “We've got a fantastic set-up, great staff, wonderful people and there's only one way and that's up for Manchester United. “I thank everybody for being here – all my friends, all my family and my wife, the boss! She picked all the winning teams, by the way! "
"Don't quit. It's very easy to quit during the first ten years." #ftw
Every day, these rumors get more and more ridiculous. People are just straight up making shit up now and everyone is going with it. Hidden messages are everywhere, in every image, word, or sound, no matter how unrelated or old it is. New rumor: Android 4.4 is going to be released October 16th or October 17th or October 18th or October 19th or October 20th or October 21st or October 22nd or October 23rd or October 24th or October 25th or October 26th or October 27th or October 28th or October 29th or October 30th or October 31st.* Why? Because random(). * Or later.
How to get free publicity for your new app 1. Release a closed beta version to the Play Store 2. Release a limited number of beta codes 3. Watch as everyone begs for codes on social media, thus spreading awareness of your app. 4. ??? 5. Profit.
I'm not criticizing the app. Aviate (and even Themer) are good apps that truly show off the power of Android. What I dislike is the system. I understand the need for closed betas, but when you release codes like this, and people start spamming social media begging for codes, that gets annoying.
What can we expect in 2014? How about some non-Nexus and non-KitKat discussion? We are nearing the end of 2013, and all Android partners have released their flagships for the year. With that in mind, the rumour mill is already looking to 2014, with rumours of the Galaxy S5 already making the rounds. What do you guys think Android phones in 2014 will bring? More RAM? 64-bit chips? 16MP cameras? Higher resolution displays?
Great ad by Google. Showing off how amazingly helpful Google Now can be.
Flipcase is the first game that makes full use of Apple's new iPhone 5c dotted case
Samsung Galaxy S4 mini said to be experiencing lackluster sales
I find is quite surprising that there are still people asking about and hoping that the Nexus and KitKat will be announced soon (i.e., today). It's not happening.
+ Hayden Coonan Edited to include a definition of soon :p
+ Muhammad Aldhafiri I never believed the rumours that said a launch would happen on the 15th. With no invitations sent out, I didn't see it happening.
Analyst: Number of first time Apple iPhone buyers is rapidly shrinking
I have gotten "Is that that Samsung watch?" from more normal non-nerd people than with any other device I've had on my person.
With the international break we thought we'd take the time to post our favourite Van Persie goal....what a strike.
+ Karthik Sankaran You must not have seen RvP play regularly. This is a trademark strike, one he perfected while at Arsenal.
Tell us your story It’s always useful for the team to hear about the many ways you're using Google Drive for everyday life. So if you have a few minutes, fill out this form to share your story with us – we'll be reading as they come in. Check out the form: Look forward to hearing from you all!
A beginner's guide to smartphones As we approach the end of the year, most manufacturers have already released their flagships for the year (except Google), which means many people would've already bought a new phone by now. Chances are, you know someone who has just joined the smartphone community, upgrading from an old feature phone. The transition can be a little overwhelming, so here are some tips you could share with first time smartphone users.
Microsoft isn't using the RT name in Surface 2 because it's confusing
Only in the USA.
If all the settings are the same, then I got nothing. There has to be something different.
Bare in mind most of these services only work in the USA
Yes, if you are in a region that supports the functionality. Say you have all the settings setup but you live somewhere where a particular command like "Where am I?" doesn't work. If you travel to somewhere that is supported, that service will then work just fine.
I only go to gsmarena for specs sheets. Not really a reliable site for mobile news.
I only go to gsmarena for specs sheets. Not really a reliable site for mobile news.
I only go to gsmarena for specs sheets. Not really a reliable site for mobile news.
