Sony launches full-frame Alpha 7 and Alpha 7R mirrorless interchangeable lens cameras Sony has launched two new mirrorless cameras, the Alpha 7 and Alpha 7R, which it claims to be the world's smallest full-frame interchangeable lens models. The Alpha 7R camera features a 36.4 (effective) megapixel 35mm Exmor CMOS sensor, the highest resol...
Chinese couple sells daughter, buys iPhone: Report A young Chinese couple are facing criminal punishment for "selling" their infant daughter and using the proceeds to buy an Apple iPhone, state media said Friday.Shanghai prosecutors have brought a case against them for human trafficking after they illega...
Snapdeal says 30 percent of its orders now come via mobile Online marketplace Snapdeal today said that 30 percent of the orders on its portal are being placed using mobile phones, a trend which has grown about 10 times in the past 12 months. The e-commerce site recently conducted a study on the m-commerce (mobi...
Forget Wi-Fi, China's new Li-Fi network is powered by lightbulbs Chinese scientists have indicated through experiments the possibility of getting online on Internet with the help of signals sent by light bulbs (Li-Fi) instead of Wi-Fi.A one-watt LED light bulb may connect four computers to Internet under the principle...
Nokia smartwatch prototype with multiple displays spotted in patent filing Following Samsung and Sony's lead, Nokia is working on a smartwatch, according to a report. Engadget reports Nokia's alleged smartwatch prototype, codenamed 'Facet' has been spotted at US Patent and Trademark Office ( USPTO ) site. As per the patent filin...
Smartphones and tablets making people less human Millennials are tech-savvy young adults who grew up with smartphones and iPads, but many think technology makes people less human, according to a poll released on Thursday.The survey of 12,000 people aged 18 and older in eight countries, commissioned by ...
Wi-Fi in cars a bad idea : Research Providing Wi-Fi in cars may not be a good idea as it can distract drivers and threaten their safety on the road, a new study has warned."Many people assume that talking to a voice-operated device will be as safe as using a hands-free cell phone, but neit...
Samsung makes settlement offer as EU looks to end tech patent wars in Europe Samsung Electronics has offered to stop taking rivals such as Apple Inc to court over patent disputes in a move which EU antitrust regulators hope will end the so-called patent war between tech companies in Europe.Samsung's proposal, which may help defus...
Google stocks surge post better than expected Q3 earnings report Google shares surged to a record high, close to $1,000, after quarterly earnings figures showed the Internet giant's profits are climbing despite a trend toward cheaper advertising on smartphones and tablets.The company on Thursday reported net income of...
Nokia fell from mobile top spot because it was ahead of its time: Ex-CEO Nokia realised the significance of smart phones "too early", the Finnish company's former chief executive says in a new book, countering the view that the brand's failure to remain a world leader was due to it being late to spot the market shift.In "Mahd...
Twitter plans to introduce private messaging app Micro-blogging based social networking service, Twitter, is all set to enter the crowded instant messaging arena, if a new report is to be believed. Twitter intends to overhaul its direct messaging feature according to a report by AllThingsD that cites mu...
Samsung Galaxy S4 LTE variant reportedly receives Android 4.3 update Samsung Galaxy Note 3 was the first non-Nexus device in the market to run Android 4.3, and it seems company's flagship smartphone, the Samsung Galaxy S4 will be the next device to run the OS version.Sammobile reports that Samsung Galaxy S4's LTE variant ...
Lenovo faces regulatory obstacles in potential Blackberry bid Chinese computer maker Lenovo, which has signed a non-disclosure deal to examine BlackBerry's books, faces regulatory obstacles if it bids for all of the company and will likely pursue just parts, a source familiar with the matter said on Thursday.BlackB...
iPhone 5c sales disappointing, but iPhone 5s is in short supply: Verizon Verizon Communications Chief Financial Officer Fran Shammo said Apple Inc's iPhone 5c "undersold expectations" in the third quarter, while its pricier iPhone 5s was in short supply.The "5c is in plenty supply" and "if you generally talk to each of the car...
Samsung Galaxy S5 to feature eye-scanning sensor Samsung is reportedly working on a new eye-scanning feature which is expected to be introduced on the Galaxy S4's successor.According to a report by AndroidSaS that cites some sources from Korea, claims that the South Korean giant has started working on ...
Ubuntu 13.10 mobile version reaches stable status, currently lacks quite a few features and apps: Post by: + Andrew Grush
Twitter hires Google executive to head its retail division Twitter Inc has hired an advertising executive from Google Inc to head its retail division, as the online messaging company ramps up hiring and works to expand its business ahead of an initial public offering, Bloomberg reported on Wednesday. J.J. Hirsch...
How to download Windows 8.1 free upgrade Microsoft's Windows 8.1 update is now live on Microsoft's Store for Windows 8 users. Windows 8.1, which is the latest iteration of Microsoft's desktop and tablet OS, brings several new features, changes and additions including desktop wallpapers for the ...
How to download Windows 8.1 free upgrade Microsoft's Windows 8.1 update is now live on Microsoft's Store for Windows 8 users. Windows 8.1, which is the latest iteration of Microsoft's desktop and tablet OS, brings several new features, changes and additions including desktop wallpapers for the ...
How to download Windows 8.1 free upgrade Microsoft's Windows 8.1 update is now live on Microsoft's Store for Windows 8 users. Windows 8.1, which is the latest iteration of Microsoft's desktop and tablet OS, brings several new features, changes and additions including desktop wallpapers for the ...
How to download Windows 8.1 free upgrade Microsoft's Windows 8.1 update is now live on Microsoft's Store for Windows 8 users. Windows 8.1, which is the latest iteration of Microsoft's desktop and tablet OS, brings several new features, changes and additions including desktop wallpapers for the ...
Twitter now allows users to receive direct messages from all followers Twitter now allows its users to receive direct messages (DM) from any of their followers, eliminating the need for a follow-back in order to receive a DM. The option to receive direct messages from followers has to be enabled via the account settings, an...
Samsung ranked 8th by Global Interbrand Valuation Testament to the brand’s strong global and African presence, coupled with its innovative products and solutions that are changing the consumer electronics industry, Samsung has once again climbed the ranks in Interbrand’s Best Global Brands Report* for 2...
