"Assumptions?". Where did that word come from? That is the reality of life in the US today. Does it have to be that way? No. But it is that way we have chosen for it to be. Could it be improved? Absolutely. To effect meaningful and sustainable change, one needs to built concensus. That is built through rational dialogue. Demonizing your opponents and denying the reality around you does not forward your cause. When you are ready for that dialogue, you welcome at the table. You concerns are well founded and your opinions valued.
Sure, the roads can be and are built privately. However, they will never be a "system" without higher level planning and coordination. This can also be done privately but those before us chose government to do this. Ms. Warren's statement recognizes that the business did not have to directly incur the cost of building the road. As such, it is able to offer it's products at lower cost. So the private business benefited from the collective investment of the country. This is to role of government as defined by our Constitution, "in order to form a more perfect union, establish justice, insure domestic tranquility, provide for the common defense, promote the general welfare, and secure the blessings of liberty". If you do not like the form or course of our government, you are welcome and encouraged to effect change. The government is us not them . If you don't like who is representing you, encourage someone of quality and character to run for office and get him/her elected. Persuade others through dialogue and debate. Bear in mind, however, that we all have the same rights. Furthermore, none has the right to block the will of the majority regardless of much we dislike it. This does not ensure the correct actions will be taken on ever decision. On whole, we have reason to expect a desirable outcome. *That* is the big assumption of democracy.
+ Marcus Schuff , I really doubt you or anyone else thought I meant a direct democracy. Yes, the US is a constitutional republic which is a form of representative democracy. Regardless, the power of the government is derived from the authority of its citizens. So there is no us and them, it's all us. If you don't like what you see, then change it. But remember, I have that right as well. Meaningful change happens through rational discussion and building consensus. Problems that were created over decades can not erased overnight. All this silly name-calling gets us nowhere.
+ Marcus Schuff Sorry didn't mean to imply you are engaging in name calling. You have not. I meant the name calling that has characterized the national debate (and most of the comments here). So, in the context of our representative constitutional republic, how do you resolve a dispute? The majority vote for A but you want B. You ask time and again for B but the majority insist on A. What's the solution? That is the essence of governance.
