It's going to be awesome!
Depends on how long it sat in the box. Look at it this way, at least they're fixing stuff.
+ Richard Devine It's actually a nice tablet/computer if you know the limitations ahead of time. I had one for a while, and will have the Surface 2 when it's released.
Do you ever actually change the lenses? If not it might not be your best option. It does look like a really nice camera though.
As long as you're willing to reinvest in the lenses it looks like a nice camera. I got the RX because I knew I'd never get different lenses.
You did it to yourself. At least you can say that you didn't know about the Apple event when you scheduled the Nokia trip...
In seven days you'll be saying the exact opposite. LOL
can't you share the 5mp versions of those pics?
You are just going to be gushing with imaging devices.
+ Richard Devine I have one of their coats. They are amazing.
Probably best for the weather you're going to. Not cheap, though. And I can't personally speak to the quality of anything but the coat that I have, which is to say, very high quality.
Good thing you planned early
I got nothing
The big one is that the keyboard will be included in the box, and not sold as a separate piece. Would need to see a press release to know for sure I guess. The other is that AC pointed out that it's a UK-only release for now (which I know for a fact is true). No US release date has been given as of yesterday.
+ Patrick Ryan I love it when people say that. Makes me wonder if they continue to visit fast food restaurants, or any other establishment, if they have any sort of poor customer service experience. Every Android tablet that was out around the time of the TF201 wasn't that great. If we're being honest. At the time, though, it was innovative and worked pretty well.
What issues with Tegra 3? The slower NAND controller? That was only part of the problem with the sluggishness, the bigger issue being garbage collection. Evidence is the Nexus 7, which had its performance issues almost completely fixed when it got 4.3. + Patrick Ryan Yeah I was a little smug, but it amuses me that people will have a bad experience with a company and then vow to never support them again, as if they can't learn from mistakes and correct them. I never really had an issue with wifi on mine, and never used it for GPS. At least they TRIED to rectify it with the GPS dongle thing (which was an admittedly terrible thing), but it was better than nothing. What I'm still wondering, though, is why the TF201 got bypassed for 4.2 but the TF300 and TF700 are said to be getting it. No time frame given, of course.
+ Scott Attula Tegra 3 is what's inside the TF201. If you mean it's not clocked as high as it is in the TF700, then yes, you're correct. Tegra 4 is definitely a huge step up from the Tegra 3. I have no performance complaints with the SHIELD or Slatebook X2.
+ Patrick Ryan Sorry to hear all of that. It does suck to be the one on the end of the "shitty customer service experience" that you always hear happen but have never experienced. I do hope it all works out for you.
