Sony Giving Away Ratchet & Clank: Quest For Booty Free With Into The Nexus Insomniac Games has announced that the last PlayStation 3 Ratchet & Clank title, Into the Nexus has gone gold. They've also got some news for those that have yet to 2008's downloadable Quest for Booty. If you purchase a physical copy of Into the Nexus, you'...
EA Shows Off Next-Gen Madden NFL 25 With a new generation of consoles arriving in just a month, sports fans have been wondering what an upgrade will look like. Today, EA Sports is giving us an in-depth look at Madden 25 on Xbox One and PlayStation 4. The trailer below shows off the elements t...
[Report] Google jumps on smartwatch bandwagon The search giant may be the next major player to enter the smartwatch market. A Google smartwatch is just about finished , 9to5Google said Monday, citing information from an anonymous source. Assuming 9to5Google's source is accurate, Google Now may be at t...
‘Thor 2′ After-Credits Scenes, Box Office Forecast & New Images Last summer’s The Avengers represents the largest box office haul for a comic book film, the third most successful theatrical release of any film ever, and more importantly, it holds the record for the largest weekend opening of all-time. Building of that...
Gaming Headset Woes Continue As Microsoft Won't Be Shipping Xbox One Adapter Until 2014 Gaming headsets aren't for everyone. They can be expensive, and for those that don't share a domicile with others, possibly unnecessary. For those of that do have to worry about waking kids up late at night though (or simply want a personal, high-end audio ...
Google to support Chrome for Windows XP until April 2015 Microsoft will cut off support for Windows XP in April 2014, but Google will keep the XP version of Chrome updated for another year. In a blog posted Wednesday, Mark Larson, director of engineering and superintendent of public safety for Google Chrome, said...
[Review] 'A.C.O.D.' Adult Children of Divorce (aka A.C.O.D. ) follows the story of Carter (Adam Scott) who, as long as he can remember, had to watch his eccentric and free-spirited parents fight – even after their marriage had already ended. The belittling and bickering cont...
[Review] ‘The Fifth Estate’ The Fifth Estate chronicles the story of Daniel Berg (Daniel Brühl), a young German computer wiz/political radical, whose life is changed when he meets the acquaintance of Julian Assange (Benedict Cumberbatch), a legendary hacker turned information crusa...
Al Gore tried to buy Twitter Al Gore may not have invented the Internet, but he did try to buy one of its most popular social networks. The former vice president told Bloomberg Television on Thursday that he and former Current TV co-founder Joel Hyatt tried to buy Twitter. Gore's int...
[Review] ‘Carrie’ The 2013 Carrie remake once again follows the titular Carrie White (Chloë Grace Moretz) a shy and awkward teenage girl who is routinely bullied and ostracized by classmates. Sheltered by her overbearing, and extremely religious, mother Margaret (Julianne ...
[Review] ‘Escape Plan’ In Escape Plan , Sylvester Stallone plays Ray Breslin, a man who specializes in a very specific talent: he infiltrates and then escapes from the nation’s most notorious prisons, in order to point out flaws in security. One day, Ray...
iPhone tops in J.D. Power smartphone satisfaction survey one more time J.D. Power & Associates has released its second Wireless Smartphone Satisfaction Study for 2013 and, surprise, surprise, the iPhone claims the top spot. If this sounds familiar, it's because the iPhone claimed the top spot in the first Wireless Smartpho...
Pixar Planning A Third "Cars" Film? Michael Wallis, who has provided voice work on Pixar's two "Cars" films so far, has revealed that a third film in the series is in the works. Giving a radio interview with Illinois station WGBZ, Wallis said: "Cars 3 we’re coming back to the road. And we’re ...
Nexus 5 quietly appears at Google Play for $349 After weeks of rumors about the specs, price, and release date of the upcoming Nexus 5, it appears that Google's new Nexus Android smartphone is being listed on the Google Play store. The device appears next to the Nexus 7 and Nexus 10 along with the ...
Apple: No, we can't read your iMessages Just yesterday we reported on the claims of security firm QuarksLab that Apple could read iMessage communications, despite the company's statement to the contrary back in June when the NSA Prism program first came to light. Well, Apple has jumped right on ...
[BREAKING NEWS] Google stock hits new high of $1000 as mobile bets pay off (Reuters) - Google Inc shares jumped to an all-time high above $1000 after the search engine giant reported a surge in mobile and video advertising that helped drive quarterly revenue up 23 percent. At least 16 brokerages raised their price targets on the s...
New GTA Online Title Update The latest automatic title update for GTA Online is now available for both PlayStation 3 and Xbox 360. As promised , this update addresses the remaining issues where some people's vehicles or vehicle modifications were disappearing due to a cloud save failu...
Xbox Live Games With Gold Now An 'Ongoing Benefit' Microsoft has announced this morning that its two-a-month free game program, Xbox Live Games with Gold, will now be an "ongoing benefit" for Xbox 360 owners. Microsoft states that in a recent survey, 97 percent of users approved of Games with Gold. This mon...
Microsoft To Have Dedicated Servers For All Xbox One Multiplayer Games Microsoft might have abandoned its always-on plans for Xbox One, but it is still committed to making players' online experience better - and it's going to offer dedicated multiplayer servers to all multiplayer games. On Twitter, Microsoft director of produc...
[via ] Apple's iPhone 5S breaks records to become 'fastest phone ever tested' pushing Samsung's Galaxy S4 from first to THIRD In the ongoing battle of the handsets, Apple has taken another swipe at Samsung by being named 'the fastest phone ever' by Which? magazine. Researchers independently tested the processing speeds and performance of the latest phones from Apple, Samsung, HTC ...
Sony Delays Driveclub Into 2014 In a post on the PlayStation Blog, president of worldwide studios Shuhei Yoshida has announced that launch title Driveclub won't be here next month. In fact, it won't be here this year at all. The retail and PlayStation Plus versions have been delayed until...
Stardock Announces Galactic Civilization III Stardock has announced a new chapter in its acclaimed 4X strategy game. The game will be coming exclusively to "64-bit PCs" and will add deep levels of strategy and multiplayer to the experience - a first in series' history. The game will also feature a bra...
T-Mobile to end grandfathered plans in November T-Mobile CEO John Legere. T-Mobile has decided to ax grandfathered plans and fit its current customers into its existing plans. The company confirmed to Engadget on Tuesday that starting November 1, existing customers on its older plans will be moved into...
Xbox 360 Version Of Battlefield 4 Has Suggested 12.4 GB Of Installation Data When Battlefield 3 came out two years ago, there was a hefty HD texture installation recommendation. That was a mere 1.5 GB of data, though. Battlefield 4 is asking for just a little bit more. The title will ship on two discs (one for multiplayer and one fo...
Microsoft launches official Remote Desktop app for Apple's iOS Microsoft Remote Desktop is a free application available on the iOS App Store, compatible with both iPhone and iPad. It's a 12.6-megabyte download that requires iOS 6.0 or later. According to Microsoft, the new application offers access to a Windows PC with...
Samsung $150 smart box packs in streaming apps, cable Samsung on Thursday made its latest push into into the smart TV market with a new "Smart Media Player" that lets users access both apps and live cable content. The product, under model No. GX-SM530CF, includes more than 100 smart TV apps such as Amazon In...
[Review] ‘Gravity’ Gravity tells the harrowing account of specialist Ryan Stone (Sandra Bullock), a scientist-turned-fledgling astronaut working on a space station that is suddenly obliterated by an onslaught of space debris. In the midst of the calamity Ryan is thrown “off...
NBA 2K14 Next-Gen Trailer Showcases Impressive Shirt Physics We saw a next-gen image of NBA 2K14 earlier this week, and now 2K is offering a look at the game in motion, running on a PlayStation 4. The headline is not meant to be a sarcastic joke. The game looks great, and the opening shot of the trailer focuses on th...
Apple leaks new iLife for iOS icons, suggesting updates soon New icons for iPhoto and GarageBand for iOS have been spotted in the iCloud Storage Management settings of iOS 7's Settings app, notes 9to5Mac . The new icons appear radically different than the old ones, with a much flatter iOS 7-like design. As the iClou...
Steve Jobs Took This Picture Of The First Shipment Of Apple 1s Back In 1976 Here’s something pretty incredible. This newly surfaced photo shows the original batch of Apple I computers as they are about to be sent out to customers. The photo is believed to have been taken by Steve Jobs himself, in his bedroom. There’s a couple of ...
Rogue Legacy Now Available On Mac And Linux Lineage matters in Cellar Door Games' Rogue Legacy, as many a PC gamer will tell you. Now Mac and Linux users can get in on the action. We enjoyed the game when it was first released in July. The title is available on Steam for $14.99.
Infamous: Second Son Limited and Collector’s Editions Revealed Sony has announced two different, upgraded versions of Infamous: Second Son. The limited edition is available to anyone that pre-orders, and the collector's edition gives you some physical and in-game goodies. The limited edition comes with a foil game cove...
Global Samsung Galaxy S4 gets official Android 4.3 update As expected, the Samsung Galaxy S4 has begun receiving its Android 4.3 Jelly Bean updates. Not all versions of the handset, mind you, just the international GT-I9505 model for now. According to SamMobile , the update that rides under Samsung's customized T...
CastleStorm Coming To PlayStation 3 And Vita On November 5 Zen Studios and Sony have announced that the physics-based castle destruction title CastleStorm is coming to both PlayStation 3 and Vita next month. You'll be able to build a castle and hurl projectiles at the ones your opponents control very soon. CastleSt...
LG G Pad 8.3 comes to BestBuy for $300 Nov 3 Make room, Nexus 7. Customers looking for another affordable LG Android tablet on the smaller end of the range can now pick up the LG G Pad 8.3. First seen this September at IFA in Berlin, LG wasted little time releasing it to Korea before starting to stock...
[Review] ‘Captain Phillips’ Captain Phillips recounts the harrowing story of real-life US Captain Richard Phillips whose cargo ship, the MV Maersk Alabama, was hijacked by Somali pirates back in 2009. Headed for Mombasa, Kenya with a crew of 20 and loaded with over 15,000 metric tons...
[Update] Xbox One Will Not Support Real Name IDs At Launch Update: Microsoft has provided Game Informer with a statement on real name user IDs. “Our teams are working hard to deliver a quality experience for Xbox One," a representative tells us. "This means prioritizing some features and sometimes postponing oth...
Hulu Plus Now Available On 3DS And 2DS Nintendo has announced that Hulu Plus is now available on the 3DS, 3DS XL, and the new 2DS. The service can be downloaded now from the eShop. Hulu Plus is a paid subscription service that gives users access to television shows and movies. The current subscr...
AOL dethrones Google at top of video-ad rankings AOL CEO Tim Armstrong. YouTube is still the king of Internet video, but AOL's takeover of Adap.tv last month is making it the richest in that kingdom. In ComScore's Web video rankings for September, AOL topped Google as the property with the most video ads ...
[Report] Possible Game-Breaking Bug In Pokémon X & Y Several people have reported experiencing a massive bug in their copies of Pokémon X and Y. The bug isn’t a Weedle or even a Spewpa, but rather a potentially game-breaking glitch that is triggered when a player loads a file saved in Lumiose City. Different ...
Tweet from T-Mobile CEO suggests iPad sales may start after Apple announcement John Legere ✔ @JohnLegere What has two thumbs and is excited for October 22? #thisguy usat.ly/168TD3B 5:21 PM - 16 Oct 2013 Apple invites go out for Oct 22 event in San Francisco Apple sent out invitations Tuesday to an event on Oct. 22...
