I'm thinking we have a growing problem with the whole unmanned charging scenario. In addition to anecdotal accounts like this one, you also hear about vandalism. And, I personally have seen a lot of parking abuse where ICE owners seem to feel the often convenient location of charging stations is for their own parking pleasure. Yesterday I was at an antique market & restaurant that had 4 charging stations and ICE vehicles were parked in 3 of them. The day before I was at IKEA where all slots were taken by ICE vehicles. My pet theory on this is that a) these are anti-Obama and anti-EV characters who think they're making some kind of statement and b) they know local police aren't gonna get involved because this is on "private property". Myself, I'm retired and we can do all our daily running around on the Volt's EV range and won't rely on public charging stations for the rare longer trip. But, as more EV's get on the road, this could become quite a problem. Maybe some incentives for putting hi-speed chargers in gas stations / convenience stores would help, where they are under employees' watchful eyes. But that would never work for the slow chargers. And maybe some breakthrough in inductive charging would mitigate some of the problems with morons unplugging someone else's EV. I dunno - the USA just has so many jerks per capita it seems hopeless to expect mature behavior.
The restaurant owner told me that this happens all the time and, when he brought it up to the mall owner, he told him there was nothing he could do about it. Around here, public spaces are few and far between, like at one of the libraries and a few government buildings. I don't really know how those spots are faring - been to the one library but never saw anyone parked there or even charging. I rather suspect that EV owners don't go to that library very often, although it would be a good place to pass some time while charging. I still think attended operation needs some consideration - it's kinda every man (or woman) for himself here in Arizona and I have a really, really hard time seeing property owners risking alienating customers or police bothering with enforcement.
Sure, but if I paid for an hour and some clown comes along after 30 min. and unplugs it, he doesn't want to be there when I return! Sent from my iPhone
