Sony launches smartwatch 2 in the US Sony has started selling its hottest models in the US on Tuesday, the Sony smartwatch 2, the Xperia Z1 and Z Ultra. Customers can pick up their choice-models at Sony online store and through its physical stores. The smartwatch 2 has a 1.6-inch screen and co...
Microsoft officially released Windows 8.1 globally It is the news making rounds on the internet. Microsoft has officially released its new operating system for PCsand tablets, Windows 8.1 , just a year after it released the 8 version. This year's update come with a host of changes which are, the ability to ...
Nexus 5 appears on Google PlayStore...but nowhere to be found(see price and specs) Google never cease to surprise us. Showing off the Nexus 5 next to the Nexus 7 and 10...and then removed the device from the list on PlayStore, looks strange to me, though. Its description reads ''capture the everyday and epic in fresh new ways'' but after ...
Google will continue to support Chrome on Windows XP longer than Microsoft On April 8, 2014 Microsoft will officially stop supporting its popular Windows XP operating system on personal computers. But an outsider, Google, will continue to provide regular updates and security patches on its Chrome browser on the 12 year-old Microso...
Lenovo launches Windows tablet, the Mixx 2 Lenovo has announced the Mixx 2, an 8-inch tablet running the newest Microsoft mobile operating system, Windows 8.1 and Intel latest technology, Bail Tray-T Quad-core processor. The tablet will come pre-installed with Microsoft Office Home and Student 2013....
Square let debit cardholders in the US send money via email Square has release a new way to send money and it is as simple as sending email. Square launched Squarecash which will allow debit cardholders in the United States send money to their love ones via email. Below is how it works. To send money, all you have t...
Sony launches smartwatch 2 in the US Sony has started selling its hottest models in the US on Tuesday, the Sony smartwatch 2, the Xperia Z1 and Z Ultra. Customers can pick up their choice-models at Sony online store and through its physical stores. The smartwatch 2 has a 1.6-inch screen and co...
Xiaomi sells 1000000 MI-3 phones in 83 seconds and MiTV in one minute eighteen seconds To you guys out there, the name Xiaomi doesn't ring a bell, but to Apple that name is a threat in China. The China telecom company announce on Tueday that it sold 100,000 mi-3 phones and MiTv in 83 and 118 seconds. Xiaomi knows how to design high specs phon...
Apple sent out invites, iPad event to hold at the Yerba Buena center for the art Like I reported a few days ago, Apple has sent out invites to its October 22 iPad event in San Francisco, which, just as I suggested will hold at the Yerba Buena center for the art. Apple will reveal its new family line of iPads, the fifth and the second ge...
Australian textbook rental company Zookal shows us the good impact of Drones The name ''Drone'' comes with negatives, maybe because they are unmanned aircraft armed with missiles and bombs, which many see as ''fast instant'' killing machines. Have a sharp disagreement with an African man and mention drones, he will bid you goodbye. ...
United Airline website loophole let customers buy plane ticket on the cheap One of America major airline and world largest airline, in terms of fleet size and number of destination, United Airline sold plane ticket at a reduce rate due to a loophole on its website. First reported to news site Mashable by an anonymous reader, the we...
BlackBerry assures customers in an open letter If you think BlackBerry can't be alive, due to the Canadian firm challenging times , you better think twice. BlackBerry has a message for you, its investors, Founders and customers that it is not sinking yet, and we should continue to believe in them. Black...
Facebook buys Israeli mobile analytic start Onavo,in a bid to bring billions of people online Those in developing nations should be smiling by now don't you think? since Facebook is going to make use of the start-up tools to help bring billions of people online. As part of its plans to connect more people online, Facebook on Monday, acquired Three...
In pcitures: Lagos state Governor Fashiola at Microsoft headquarter, signing an agreement with the US-based firm Reasons for the agreement: The agreement is centered on four cardinal programs which are: Implementation of a citizen relationship management platform leveraging on the existing call center infrastructure, provision of IT infrastructure to support Lagos st...
Samsung to launch Galaxy S5 in January Why the rush? is it because of weaker sales of the Galaxy S4? I don't buy this idea at all. When Samsung launched the Galaxy Gear smartwatch ahead of Apple and others this year, the device didn't come great as we expected. It can't even match the Pebble sma...
Top tech stories of the week It was an interesting week. So many revelations surfaced online, some of which got us all on our toes. Surprisingly enough, Google and Apple, most especially Apple, kept the internet buzzing with their revelations. Yeah, the voice behind Siri was finally re...
RoboRoach Lets Kids Turn Real Cockroaches Into iPhone-Controlled Cyborgs Robots are pretty cool, but have you ever wanted to create your own iPhone controlled cyborg? Backyard Brains is banking that a lot of kids are interested in cyborg technology and neuroscience (ethical dilemmas be damned), so after three years of R&D the...
See the result of Google new terms of service update Google updated its new terms of service yesterday, which will allow your face to appear on ads. For example, say your friend wrote a review or +1 a post on a page on the social network, if that page decides to run an add, your face appear on the company's a...
In pictures: take a look at Apple's proposed new office in Cupertno What you see in the picture above is the model of the proposed new headquarter in Cupertino, and should be finished and ready for action in 2015. I raise my black hat for Apple! The building takes the shape of a ring, Apple wants a walk-able building where ...
I love little fight like this
Who will be the world's first trillionaire? The likely candidates are Bill Gates, Carlos Slim, Warren Buffett, Larry Ellison, Jeff Bezos, His Royal Highness Prince George of Cambridge , a member of the House of Saud, and Elon Musk. What's the first thing you'd do if you became incredibly wealthy?
Jomilogu Tunde-Oladipo is Nigeria youngest Microsoft Certified Office Specialist in Office Word 2010 Nowadays, kids are no longer the ''only-play'' type. They have changed. They even do pretty cool things. Becoming a Microsoft certified Office specialist, regardless of ones's age, is a BIG achievement. Now a young Nigerian has joined the likes of Shafay ...
Google New Terms of service update: Users faces will be used on ads Google and Facebook now have one thing in common--use faces of users on ads appearing on the social networks. Google recently made some changes to its terms of service. The new terms of service will go live on November 11, 2013. Here's what the new terms of...
iPhone 5S users complain of experiencing blue screen of death on the phone I haven't got the iPhone 5S yet, so I don't really know what is going on right now. But some iPhone 5S users are complaining that they are experiencing blue screen of death on the new phone, while using an app and also when trying to return to the home scre...
How Google Plus can help you land that dream job, without you even applying Companies are now turning to social media platforms to get potential candidates suitable for employment. Many of us are not aware of this new tool by employers. Now, some of us would ask, why would spend more time on Google Plus? this article will provide s...
Next-generation iPhone, the ''iPhone6'' will sport a 4.8-inch screen Apple doesn't want to be left behind in the race for smartphones with bigger screens. The Cupertino is reportedly working on a bigger iPhone, unofficially called the ''iPhone6'', according to claims made by one of Apple's respected analyst Peter Misek at Je...
Pinterest first ads ''promoted pins'' is live Online retailers, it is time to get on Pinterest. I love Pinterest, and I know for sure your answer is Yes! most of us would ask, does Pinterest need money? considering the worth of the company. My dear, no service is for free on the internet. That being sa...
Let's go down memory lane. What was the first handset you used?
Apple two new iPhones to launch in 51 countries As apart of it plans to take the new iPhone models to 100 countries by year end, Apple said the new phones will go on sale in 51 countries, starting with 25 countries including Italy, Russia, Austria and Spain on Friday. On October 25, the phones will go sa...
Apple to unveil next-generation iPad and Mini on October 22 Guys, mark October 22 on your calender, a new range of products will be announce by Apple. According to my confirm source, Apple plans to unveil its new line of iPads , and likely show-off its new Mac personal-computer operating system, Mavericks and Mac Pr...
Samsung launches first curve display smartphone, the Galaxy Round Microsoft, Apple and LG said they are working on. A few hours ago, leaked image of Samsung curve display smartphone and we thought it was only fake. But hours later, Samsung surprised us with the launch of its curve display smartphone, the Galaxy Round on T...
HTC to offer 5 18ct Gold model of its HTC One to MOBO winners There are Golden iPhone5S and Samsung Galaxy S4, but they are not easy to come by. But HTC will look forward to putting shame on their faces. HTC will give out its 18ct Golden HTC One, worth $4,400 to this year's newcomer winner at the MOBO awards. The 18th...
US import ban on some older models of Samsung The US Trade representative has confirm a ban on some Samsung products that infringed on two Apple's patents. The ban will go into effect at midnight. On August 9, the ITC(International Trade Commission) ruled that Samsung products violated two of Apple pat...
BlackBerry is dead, what is the future of BlackBerry? BlackBerry, formerly RIM, a once-dominant smartphone brand, now begs the likes of Google, Apple and HTC for a spotlight. Truly sad. Permit to say here, BlackBerry can't even count its losses, I will be of help to count: losing customers. money, workers, inv...
New Facebook tool find potential candidates for job placment With Facebook Graph search you can find people who share your interest---you can photos, comments, likes, posts and even goes beyond employers recruiting candidates on Facebook based on their profession and location. Now, we need update our profile. A new ...
Google and 30 others formed ''Alliance for Affordable Internet'' to reduce the cost of internet access in developing world In developed countries of the world, internet access is relatively cheap(1.7% of monthly income) but when move over to developing nations, the rate is so high( around 30% of monthly income). This is reason Africa and other developing regions are far behind....
Video:Home security camera catches USPS staff delivering a package in a lazy way Is this laziness or can't do her job properly? in this present day when people are all over the place lining up for a chance at this job. According to Cnet Creative reporter Chris Matyszczyk, a man named Mr Mark Anderson of Lebrange, Ga had set his home sec...
Apple's iPhone5S vs Nokia's Lumia 1020 Smartphones camera are taking over point and shoot cameras; slowly but quickly, believe it or not. This has made so many of us to compare one phone camera against the other to see which is more better. Now I will hit the nail right way. When the iPhone 5S w...
HTC One Max could come with a Fingerprint scanner just as Apple iPhone5S Just as I predicted, other phone manufacturers will now have Finger scanner on their latest flagship phones. HTC has followed suit. HTC yet-to-be released phone image has surface online. The leaked image shows the massive 5.9-inch(phablet) may come with a F...
Nokia 41 Megapixel Lumia 1020 up for preorder in India at Rs 49,999 I love this smartphone! Well, Nokia is targeting India this time around. The Finnish phone maker has listed the device on its Online store for preorder in white, Black and yellow variants Lumia 1020 picture sample , starting at Rs49,999. Nokia, however, had...
