Sony Alpha 7 and 7R: First Full-Frame Sensor Interchangeable Lens Mirrorless Cameras with Auto Focus Sony recently has announced the Alpha 7 and Alpha 7R, two of the world’s smallest , lightest 35mm full-frame interchangeable lens camera. Hotly awaited by professional photographers and enthusiasts, the alpha 7 and alpha 7R from Sony set an exciting new ben...
Peter Davis & Eddie Ng, talk to CNN about why @ONEFCMMA is by far the largest MMA organization in Asia. Check it out! ONE FC featured on CNN
Sony Alpha 7 and 7R: First Full-Frame Sensor Interchangeable Lens Mirrorless Cameras with Auto Focus Sony recently has announced the Alpha 7 and Alpha 7R, two of the world’s smallest , lightest 35mm full-frame interchangeable lens camera. Hotly awaited by professional photographers and enthusiasts, the alpha 7 and alpha 7R from Sony set an exciting new ben...
Donnie Yen's latest movie is definitely not for the faint hearted...
Old Skool Throwback with the adidas Originals ZX Fall/Winter 2013 Collection
Berjaya Papa John's Pizza Strengthens Foothold with 23rd Outlet in Malaysia Good news for those pizza lovers who's staying around Bukit Jalil. Last Friday, Berjaya Papa John’s Pizza, a wholly owned subsidiary of Berjaya Corporation and operator of one of the world’s largest pizza company, is poised to strengthen their footprint in...
Old Skool Throwback with the adidas Originals ZX Fall/Winter 2013 Collection The adidas Originals ZX collection is designed with understated styling and quality tailoring in mind, innovating classics with modern character. A pair of running sneakers, the adidas Originals ZX range is a classic throwback with a hint of contemporary st...
Happy Birthday to Me! My birthday was on last Friday and again, I'm am one year older. It's hard to believe that time passes incredibly fast and even my blog is already more than five years old. A million thanks to those who have wished me on Facebook. I really appreciate it alt...
How to refill your wallet from "E" to "F", and get RM700,000:
Love Yuna? Find out how you can get up close and personal with her! #Yunaus
Lets redeem these awesome 8Share merchandises!
[Sponsored Video] Intelligent Sounds: Intel's Tablet Powered Band Hey guys, have heard or seen the short film 'Intelligent Sounds' by Intel? It's a short film launched on Sept 26th that visually showcases the power and magic of Intel-powered tablets. I am pretty sure that a lot of tech enthusiast out there would love to o...
Allianz 1942 Halloween Event - An Event Not To Be Missed! Just leave a comment in my blog post if you like to join in the fun!
Allianz 1942 Halloween Event - An Event Not To Be Missed! It's mid October now and I'm pretty sure a lot of you out there especially parents would be busy planning for the holiday trip with their children no matter if it's within Malaysia or oversea. Allianz Malaysia would like to spread the word on the importance...
This video about Things Malaysians do with Technology is so funny! We really should #DoMoreLah .
Get 2 free hot coffee at La Bodega when you buy a pair of Havaianas at Bangsar this weekend! #HavaianasWeek
By the end of the video, you will understand the hidden message behind this man's story.
You know that feeling when you're watching a movie on your PC and you have to stop halfway to go out? This is for you
Get FREE Internet+Calls+SMS to 5 Buddyz™ with DiGi Easy Prepaid and you will never be apart with your #Buddyz !
Yesterday's prize was a Sony Xperia E! I missed it!! Anyone know what's the next prize?
Neon Hitch, NS Yoon-G, Jochen Miller, Dmitry Ko and Lapsap want you to party with them at H-Artistry.
New Ford Fiesta is perfect for Action Addicts! The safety features help avoid oversteer and understeer.
Check out the new look for Cadbury Dairy Milk #RoastAlmond ! No one can resist this! #pickmycadbury
The Genting Club Launch I was invited to the launch of Genting Club on the 28th of September along with over 800 exclusive guests. After having my dinner with members of the media at Coffee Terrace, we were then escorted to the Genting Club at 9.15pm. I was quite impressed with th...
25 FREE invites for a night with NS Yoon-G, Jochen Miller, Dmitry Ko and Lapsap in November.
GAB Oktoberfest Malaysia 2013 It’s an exciting month of October as Guinness Anchor Berhad (GAB), the leading beer and stout company in Malaysia will be celebrating the iconic German Oktoberfest with an exciting consumer promotion that provides discerning beer drinkers with a special edi...
GAB Oktoberfest Malaysia 2013 It’s an exciting month of October as Guinness Anchor Berhad (GAB), the leading beer and stout company in Malaysia will be celebrating the iconic German Oktoberfest with an exciting consumer promotion that provides discerning beer drinkers with a special edi...
[WIN NOW] How to score "All the Right Moves" to get FREE passes to OneRepublic Live in KL!
Universal Studios Singapore Halloween Horror Nights 3 Preview at Blackbox, Publika Hey guys, it's finally October. My favorite month through out the year and that also means that Halloween is just around the corner. A very good news for you folks out there who are going to visit Universal Studios Singapore this month. Halloween Horror Nig...
Any Malaysian could win this contest with one eye closed...
Always exceeding your internet quota? Tired of not being able to do what you like online?
My Experience with Sony NEX-5T Last week, I received the Sony NEX-5T that comes with SELP1650 Lens. It was just announced recently to replace the Sony NEX-5R which was released last year. I have already experience using their very first entry level of Sony's digital E-mount camera when t...
You'll never expect Malaysians to take on such a 'Meh' topic in such a 'Wow' way
