The Football Kenya Federation Appeals Committee will meet on Wednesday to deliberate and make a ruling on the abandoned Kenyan Premier League match between Sony Sugar and Gor Mahia six weeks ago
African champs Kenya prevail in five-set thriller
And then they were four. From an initial entry of 32 teams, AFC Leopards, Gor Mahia, Sofapaka and Sony Sugar are the last men standing in the glamorous and glittering GOTV Shield.
This year’s Kass International Marathon due November 17 in Nandi and Uasin Gishu counties marks a milestone after the organisers introduced an appearance fee for athletes with sub 2 hours and 10 minutes times
The Football Kenya Federation Appeals Committee will meet on Wednesday to deliberate and make a ruling on the abandoned Kenyan Premier League match between Sony Sugar and Gor Mahia six weeks ago
On the rampage Leopards enter GOtv semi-finals
It was perhaps their best show since the tournament began but victory still proved elusive for Kenya as they lost to Cuba in straight sets at the ongoing FIVB Women’s Under-23 World Championship in Mexico.
Bumper entry for this year’s East Africa Classic Rally
Florence primed for greater things
Porter-turned-boxer vows to shine for Kenya
Wenger hails Wilshere strength of character
Fearless #Bandari ready to bottle defending champs #Tusker
Gallant Gor edge out Mathare to move closer to league title
Gor Mahia out to extend lead
New World Marathon record holder Wilson Kipsang is the only Kenyan who has been shortlisted for the 2013 IAAF World Athlete of the Year Award.
Since the days of Adam and Eve, Isaiah Kiplagat has been in Kenyan athletics. The corridors of power at Athletics Kenya have been trampled by him ever since the year of our lord 1975 and the everlasting man has both created and weathered storms in these realms in different capacities.
The 2012 World Half Marathon bronze medallist, John Mwangangi, and 2007 Chicago Marathon champion, Patrick Ivuti, are among the star attractions at this year’s Peter Mulei Machakos Road Races set for Saturday in Machakos.
Kenya’s Victor Wanyama has said that playing against England's Steven Gerrard in Southampton’s 1-0 win over Liverpool last week as “the hardest midfield battle” he has ever had.
Luis Suarez crowned his Premier League return with a brace as #Liverpool won 3-1 at bottom club Sunderland on Sunday to climb to second place in the table.
Behind the scenes of the #KenyaSevens rise to prominence since 1995, only one name, Felix ‘Totti’ Ochieng, has remained constant in the team set up.
