+ Sony & + Sephora joined forces last night in SF to spread some Pinterest love. #BeautyCaptured Last night I had the honor of being invited to teach at an exclusive Sony / Sephora / Pinterest event in San Francisco. A select group of "Pinners" were invited to the + Sephora store in downtown San Francisco and were treated to champagne, chocolate, make-up tips, and a quick Frederick Van photography lesson. Each guest took home a Sephora gift bag full of beauty stuff, and a cool #Sony NEX 3 digital camera. It was great hanging out with Bridget Dolan, VP of Interactive Media at #sephora along with Sony's + Callan Green and Katie Babineau. What a great event!
+ Sony & + Sephora joined forces last night in SF to spread some Pinterest love. #BeautyCaptured Last night I had the honor of being invited to teach at an exclusive Sony / Sephora / Pinterest event in San Francisco. A select group of "Pinners" were invited to the + Sephora store in downtown San Francisco and were treated to champagne, chocolate, make-up tips, and a quick Frederick Van photography lesson. Each guest took home a Sephora gift bag full of beauty stuff, and a cool #Sony NEX 3 digital camera. It was great hanging out with Bridget Dolan, VP of Interactive Media at #sephora along with Sony's + Callan Green and Katie Babineau. What a great event!
Sony announces the first full-frame mirrorless cameras, the A7 and A7r PLUS the new RX10! Thx + Steve Huff
FYI I was wrong. Actually + Leica Camera announced the first full-frame mirrorless body. The M at 24 megapixels and with a $7,000 price tag. The Sony A7r is about a third the price and has 36 megapixels. Happy math.
Not sure + Les Rickford let's hope this is the first of a trend.
TWiP Live, Now! We're recording this week's show one day early and in an unusual timeslot. With + Martin Bailey and + Frederick Van Johnson .
Panasonic Lumix GX7 review - complete! After over a month of testing, writing and shooting across multiple locations in the UK, I've finally completed my review of Panasonic's new high-end mirrorless system camera! The Lumix GX7 is aimed squarely at enthusiasts with features including a tilting viewfinder, tilting touchscreen, built-in stabilisation, Wifi with excellent smartphone remote control, 1/8000 shutter, focus peaking, tone curves and much more. This all easily makes it one of the most powerful system cameras to date, DSLR or mirrorless, but how well does it all work in practice? As you'll discover in my review, there's a lot to like about the GX7, but equally a number of aspects which could prove frustrating to certain photographers, and maybe even rule it out for some of them. I've also compared it thoroughly with the earlier GX1 and G6, along with Sony's NEX-6 and what will probably be its two biggest rivals, the Olympus OMD EM5 and EM1. At around 20,000 words in length, I reckon this is one of the most detailed reviews you'll read of the GX7, so if you're interested in it or any of its rivals, please check it out! And as always if you like my work, don't forget to plus-one it! Thanks! cc + Panasonic USA , + Giulio Sciorio , + Dave Veffer
Hey + Gordon Laing I think you were amazingly fair. You definitely have to come on the show and talk about this (and other) cameras. I only had a short time to play with the GX7 before it had to go back to it's rightful owner + Giulio Sciorio , so your review was very helpful. I share your disappointment about the curious lack of an audio-in jack. Also, being an OM-D owner, your analysis of the GX7's image stabilization is concerning. Was it really making little plusses? I'd love to get you and Giulio in a Hangout to discuss the pros and cons of this new body.
Innovation, Inspiration and Hacking - TWiP 329 - #Nikon releases the D610 & #Pentax introduces the K-3, #instagram adds advertisements, #Adobe gets hacked. And an interview on finding your inspiration with LA-based photographer + Brooke Shaden Featuring + Derrick Story , + Dave Dugdale & Frederick Van Johnson
Now THIS is the way to do meetings. Sitting at the kitchen counter chatting with my good friend + Brian Gudas of iAcrylic.net - we're talking about making some insane acrylic mounted prints.
There are no sides + Tristan Hall . Don't believe the hype.
GigaPan Epic Pro - #AAtG 6 Here's a great discussion and review on the plusses and minuses of using the robotic + Gigapan Epic Pro to create gigantic pixel-count images. Thanks for putting #R2D2 though his paces + Doug Kaye .
An Interview with Brooke Shaden Fine art photographer + Brooke Shaden sits down with me to discuss her new book titled "Inspiration in Photography". We dive into what it takes to create that spark of inspiration, and some sure-fire ways to generate some really cool ideas for your next photo.
Hot and Wet - A Daily Routine Sometimes we take for granted our most mundane and everyday actions. In this shot I'm checking the shower temp before jumping in. Sorry for the title I couldn't resist.
This was a very simple shot to create + Nathanial Gaston . That morning the Sun was particularly direct through the frosted glass of my shower window. So I went and grabbed my Canon G9 (I believe it was in Aperture priority mode) and snapped the shot. I probably took 3 or 4 shots before putting the camera down to actually take my shower. Later that evening, I processed the shot in Lightroom — bringing up the saturation, clarity, and contrast a bit. And to better draw the eye into the palm of my hand I added a vignette. All in, this shot probably took about 15 minutes to shoot and edit.
Stone Water - A handheld long exposure This was a hand-held long exposure taken at Yellowstone National Park, USA. This image reminds me of some people I know. With the busy world rushing around them, they stay strong while the chaos just goes — around.
I'm looking forward to hanging out at Photo Plus Expo with my good friend and New Yorker + Steve Simon in two weeks. Can you tell from this triptych how awesome he is?
Martin Bailey hosts TWiP 328 - Learning Light A huge thanks goes out to my friend (and veteran photographer/podcaster) + Martin Bailey for taking the reigns in #TWiP episode 328! He did a fantastic job wrangling the co-hosts + ron brinkmann & + Charlie MacPherson and moderating a discussion on "learning light". Plus a chat about #Nikon filing for an interchangeable sensor patent?!! And an interview with entrepreneur and marketer Nathan W. Morris on the business of photography. Watch a video of the interview in the TWiP blog post or my YouTube channel.
Cadets No More! This is one of my favorite shots. This was captured during an Air Force Academy graduation ceremony in Colorado Springs, CO. It was captured on film, and thanks to a rehearsal the day before I knew what was happening — and when. Then it was just a matter of waiting for the shot. Good times!
Yep + Jared Budlong , the jets were part of the ceremony. They hit their mark exactly on que. It was a powerful moment, with cheers, jets, and the Air Force band playing. My only regret is that I feel like I kinda missed it because I was looking through the viewfinder! :-/
Thanks + Shawn Brezny - this was shot with a Nikon F4 (35mm film)
+ Dalibor Mrkic + James Pitcherella yep, those were the USAF Thunderbirds.
Hey + Aaron Wiggin I've never been to West Point, but it'd be great to shoot there one day.
The Sony Action Cam! Had a great time in Capitola, CA today testing out the #Sony Action Cam and recording footage for an article. Went out on a tiny boat searching for whales... alas, no whales today. Many thanks to Jennifer Graham for taking this photo!
+ Marc Briggs the image quality is pretty darn good. And definitely good enough for anything I'd use the footage for. + Shawn Highfill Me? A poster child? I'm long past my "child" years. ;) + Lucia Francisco Hilario thank you! + Alejandro Dominz "Better" is a strong word... for me it's easier. Especially connecting to it with the Sony Play Memories app on my phone. + Jimmy Patton will do. Thanks + Callan Green it's just me trying to be cool.
Are you a "Good Photographer? The Godfather himself Mr. + Rick Sammon interviewed me for his podcast the other day. This was a somewhat philosophical talk about if there's such a thing as a "Good Photographer"... and if so, what it takes to be one. Give it a listen when you get a sec (or two).
The Sony RX1R In this episode of All About the Gear (#AAtG), Frederick and + Doug Kaye meet at T-Rex in Berkeley, CA to eat and discuss Doug's findings after putting the Sony RX1R full frame mirrorless camera to the test.
Hey Dad aka + Thomas Van Johnson - we haven't compared multiple RX's... We just had one courtesy + BorrowLenses.com to test. As far as switchers, etc... maybe + Sony Professional USA can chime in?
Russian Beauty This is a quick shot from a session I did with + Olya Ishchukova a while back. It was shot with a Nikon D7000 and processed in Adobe Photoshop Lightroom 5. The final retouch was done in Adobe Photoshop CC.
Hey + Shawn Hudson . This was shot with probably the simplest lighting ever. It was lit with just one very large softbox. That's it. Less is more.
Thanks + david blanchard . The x100s video has been up for a while now. I haven't posted the RX1R video yet. The Fuji x100s - All About the Gear #3
The Panasonic Lumix GX7 sports in-body image stabilization. + Edward Bartel -- but it doesn't work when shooting video.
Hey + Edward Bartel , have you considered renting? Are you in the US?
Check out + Doug Kaye as he prepares for an #AAtG review of the #Gigapan Epic Pro.
The show ran a bit long today + Don Komarechka , so unfortunately the interview with stunning model + Tor Alexander will have to go into a future episode.
Yep + Tony Brunt , this could be a really interesting little camera. I'm looking forward to seeing it in action, and the images that come out of it.
Blast from the past I was going through some old family photos earlier, and found this old photo of my big brother and I playing PONG ! Note, I was winning! ;-)
I think I won that one! But we were about 50/50.
Yep tech has moved quickly. + Morden O'Hare And to think THAT was "state of the art".
Hahaha! + Doug Edwards , if I recall correctly you were the lucky recipient of many a rocket launcher!
So true + Daniel Daugherty but don't forget the Donkey Kong music.
Today I interviewed + Doug Kaye about the #Sony #RX1R for #AllAboutTheGear at T-Rex in Berkeley, CA. The full episode will hit my YouTube channel soon! FYI, this fierce Doug Kaye photo was shot with the #Olympus OMD EM-5.
The future of image editing is cloud based. Leading the way with cloud based image editing by a big margin is Google+. In this excellent TWiP, + Frederick Van Johnson and guests have an in depth about image editing. As you know I've been moving my workflow to the cloud with Google+ hosting my personal work and soon my commercial work as JPEG's only. The tools that we now have to edit our photography within Google+ are powerful. We're able to do the basics like crop and add frames but there are more advanced tools like adding control points that I'm accustomed to using in Nik's Snapseed. AutoAwesome is one of the most amazing things to come along for photographers in a while. I love seeing what Google+ does with my work. Even the mistakes are fun. There are some things missing that, if added, could make Google+ a computer to Lightroom and Creative Cloud storage. Below I document my basic cloud based workflow today, a workflow that I can see in the future and some stuff that's pie in the sky thinking. My Basic Workflow Today Shoot my work as usual using my Lumix gear to get my color, exposure and overall look right. I love to shoot with a true constant preview so I'm able to get the overall look as close to perfect as possible in camera. I shoot my assignments JPEG+RAW and deliver the JPEGs to the client from my tablet or smartphone, keeping the RAWs for backup. If the client needs changes to the work then I dig into Lightroom and fix the image until I'm ready to deliver a final via Dropbox. I rarely touch Photoshop any more. I've been using it since 1993 and am no longer using it for my most of my work. Unless I am commissioned for a shoot that will needs the image manipulation power that Photoshop provides I don't launch it. Overall the workflow is simple and straightforward. Most of my shoots I'm in and out in 30 minutes which includes setup. I'm very happy with this workflow. Up until 2010 I shot highly produced, retouched work that took hours to complete. My setups took hours and my post work took sometimes a full day per finished image. So for me to go from a big, post heavy vision and workflow that accompanied such a vision, to a simplified vision and cloud based workflow has been a happy move for me. I'm able to shoot more, faster and my vision sells more now than it did in the past...and now I'm addicted to making my workflow as streamlined as possible. For me that workflow means moving to the cloud. My Cloud Based Fantasy Workflow of Tomorrow I'm happy to say that this workflow is close to being real. There's not too much missing but there are some areas that, if implemented, I think will change photography. Shoot from camera to a smart device like a tablet or a smart laptop like the Chromebook Pixel (drool). My work, JPEGs and RAWs will be backed up to my Google Drive and pushed to a Google+ gallery where tech like AutoAwesome will do their thing. Choose selects by rating my work in a private Google+ gallery and then share only the selects with my client via Google+. If the client is happy with the selects they transfer the photos to their Google Drive account and I'm done..well send the invoice and I'm done. If they need a change they can ask me and I'll make adjustments with the Google+ tools in the cloud. Tools would include a heal and clone tool for basic retouching and the saved image would come from the RAW, that I uploaded, to keep the quality high. However, if I wanted to I would have the option to let the client edit the RAW's within the gallery and as an additional option, download the RAWs. Pie in the Sky 5G Speed uploads to Google Drive from within my Lumix cameras. Give me video features like what I have in ProShow Web and blend in the AutoAwesome features from stills. Bill clients with Google Wallet would be killer too. What do you see for the future What is missing in Google+ that's keeping you from moving to a cloud based workflow? Guests from TWiP326 + Doug Kaye + Darlene Hildebrandt + Brian Matiash #scbp #googleplus #photographytips #lumixlounge #m43ftw
Hey + Blake Zimmerman + Benjamin Timmins - why does it need to be one or the other? Can't photogs self-select into the appropriate toolset? Be it G+ or Creative Cloud? And Benjamin, what is your definition of a "serious photographer"?
And now the hard part. I'm about to sit down and judge the finalist entries in the + ViewBug - Photo Contests Destinations Photo Contest by + Brooks Workshops sponsored by + Brian Gudas and the iAcrylic folks. So many good shots.
Is Photography a Real Job? Really good chat with + PhotoShelter CEO + Andrew Fingerman . He explains why choosing to be a photographer needn't be a choice for poverty. Also get an inside look at the beginnings of Photoshelter, and some of their newest offerings.
Just got a virtual tutorial on the #Panasonic #Lumix #GX7 from + Giulio Sciorio ! Thanks G.
He's on the job + Paul Griffiths . + Doug Kaye will be doing a full walk-thru of the camera soon.
Thanks for lending me your toy + Giulio Sciorio . I'll treat her as if she were my own.
I did a fun interview with + PhotoShelter CEO + Andrew Fingerman a few days ago (it'll be posted soon). During the interview he told me about their library of free guides for photographers. Check out this goldmine of learnin'.
Hey + Paul Griffiths I think I'm still lusting after that x100s. I've never even held one... so it has some kind of mysterious influence on me.
Get creative with the new photo editing tools in Google+ Sometimes a photo needs a little extra touch to truly stand out. To help you customize your images, we’re launching new photo editing tools right within Google+. They’re all based on the power of Snapseed, and available in the Chrome browser (thanks to its Native Client technology). Here are a few of the fun things you can do: * Auto Enhance already makes the photos you add to Google+ look great. Now you can customize and fine tune these adjustments if you have a different look in mind. * Selective adjust lets you make edits to specific parts of your image, so you can make that summer sky look even more blue without affecting the beach in the foreground. * Filters like Vintage, Drama, Retrolux or Black and White give your photos a new look. Add the finishing touch with a frame. To give the new editing tools a try, open one of your own photos in Chrome and click on “Edit” in the lightbox. You can always undo any changes you make or revert to the original image. If you're not using the Chrome browser, you can still crop and rotate your photos in Google+ -- in fact we're making these basic editing options easier to find up front, right next to the "Edit" button. And of course on mobile, Snapseed-inspired editing is available in both the Android and iOS Google+ apps. p.s. We're rolling out these updates gradually, so check back soon if you don't see them yet. #googleplusupdate
This photo of me was taken on top of one of the NYC World Trade Center towers about 3 days prior to the 9/11 attack. Who knew. Never forget.
+ George Ortiz , that's a tough one. They're all awesome cameras with unique plusses and minuses. Why not rent each one and shoot for a week... see which fits "you" best?
My OMD is the current model. It's less than a year old (for me), and has very few "miles" on it. I'll be keeping it for a while.
Thanks for the great comments everyone.
No problem + Angel Hu , thanks for your kind words.
Haha! That's what I was thinking + Aaron Hockley .
VIDEO : Sony has announced two new innovative cameras that are like no other. The DSC-QX100 Digital Camera and the DSC-QX10 Digital Camera are designed to be clipped to a smartphone and utilize the phone’s screen as a monitor and control panel!
Had a great chat with + Doug Kaye earlier. We were brainstorming about upcoming episodes of All About the Gear aka #AAtG . He's currently putting the #Sony RX1R through its paces in preparation for an eye-opening review.
+ Brian Matiash , let's talk about how you can be involved in this new project. Fun stuff! + Edward Bartel - agreed. #googleglass definitely needs to be on the list. + Dalibor Mrkic - This episode will go live in a couple of weeks. But there are others in the queue before this one goes up. + Charm Hidden - Not just yet, but there are other episodes live at The Olympus OM-D vs Sony NEX 7 - All About the Gear #1 + Tony Roslund - The OMD was in the first episode. + Coty Spence - We'll be recording many shows featuring mirrorless cameras!
