Come Hither to My Lair Captured in a garden with a Sony NEX-5 and processed in Lightroom. Member of www.besttopphotographer.com
Come Hither to My Lair Captured in a garden with a Sony NEX-5 and processed in Lightroom. Member of www.besttopphotographer.com
Come Hither to My Lair Captured with a Sony NEX-5. Processed in Lightroom.
Come Hither to My Lair Captured in a garden with a Sony NEX-5, processed in Lightroom. #monochromeworld #monochromemonday #monochromephotography #spider #spiderweb #spiderphotography
+ arik ISRAELIMOUSINE sadan Feel free to contact me if you would like any info about the area.
+ Barbara McClain Gillespie The lake is north of Tenaya Lake about 2 miles up the Murphy Creek trail. Then off the main trail and a little bit to the east of Murphy Creek.
Half Dome and Split Rock Captured from Glacier Point in Yosemite National Park late one August afternoon.
Half Dome and Split Rock Captured from Glacier Point in Yosemite national Park late one August afternoon. member www.besttopphotographer.com
Half Dome and Split Rock Captured from Glacier Point in Yosemite national Park late one August afternoon. member www.besttopphotographer.com
Half Dome and Split Rock Captured from Glacier Point in Yosemite National Park late one August afternoon. member www.besttopphotographer.com
Half Dome and Split Rock Captured from Glacier Point in Yosemite national Park late one August afternoon.
Half Dome and Split Rock Captured from Glacier Point in Yosemite National Park late one August Afternoon.
Half Dome and Split Rock Captured late afternoon from Glacier Point in Yosemite National Park.
+ Andrew Webb Again, thank you! I do appreciate the feedback. It is always good to hear what others perceive in the images.
Resting Tree - Polly Dome Lake in Yosemite National Park Looking across the lake from a low vantage point in the late afternoon. Polly Dome Lakes are quite nice and appear to be rarely visited. They are located about 3 miles north of Tenaya Lake. Member of www.besttopphotographer.com
Tuolumne River Through Glen Aulin Looking westerly as the Tuolumne River slowly winds it way through Glen Aulin Meadow. The Rim Fire was raging a few miles further west from where this image was captured filling the sky with smoke and ash. Member of www.besttopphotographer.com
Tuolumne River Through Glen Aulin The Tuolumne River as it slowly winds its way through Glen Aulin Meadow in Yosemite National Park. The foggy appearance is due to the smoke and ash from the Rim Fire just a few miles to the west. #yosemite #landscapephotography #landscapephoto #landscape #riverscapephotography #river
Tuolumne River Through Glen Aulin Captured looking westerly as the Tuolumne River slowly winds through Glen Aulin Meadow in Yosemite. The "fog" is due to the smoke from the Rim Fire a few miles further to the west.
The Last Light of the Day - from Our Campsite in 60 Lakes Basin
The Last Light of the Day - from Our Campsite in 60 Lakes Basin
The Last Light of the Day - From Our Campsite in 60 Lakes Basin
60 Lakes Basin - Lake & Ridgeline Captured on an overcast day in 60 Lakes Basin in the eastern Sierra Nevada range.
Morning Glow in 60 Lakes Basin Captured late August 2012 in the eastern Sierra Nevada range in California + Best Top Photographer Group + BTP Daily Highlight + BTP Editor's Choice (Best Top Photographer's page) Member of www.besttopphotographer.com
60 Lakes Basin - Lake & Ridgeline Captured late August 2012 on an overcast day in the eastern Sierra Nevada range in California
60 Lakes Basin - Lake & Ridgeline Captured on an overcast day in the eastern Sierra Nevada range in CAlifornia
Morning Glow in 60 Lakes Basin Late August 2012, in the Sierra Nevada range in California
Morning Glow in 60 Lakes Basin In the eastern Sierra Nevada range of California member www.besttopphotographer.com #sierranevadamountains #sierranevada #morning #mirrormonday #mountainmonday #mountainphotography #mountainphotos + Best Top Photographer Group
Morning Glow in 60 Lakes Basin Late August 2012 morning in the eastern Sierra Nevada range of California
Morning Glow in 60 Lakes Basin In the eastern Sierra Nevada range of California
"Dusk in Evolution Valley" Please view full frame. View looking southerly from the northerly end of McClure Meadow, the middle of three meadows that step up Evolution Valley in California's Sierra Nevada.
