#save5 16:9 would nicely play along the line of the wings. Nice shot, + Max Kotchouro
#delete1 Max, I feel like a bad guy deleting your stuff lately. I think the cat is hilarious. Certainly a personality resides behind those eyes. My concern is that the leaf to the right is actually sharper than the eyes... I think your focus is close to right, but a bit off. The background, however, is more to blame for my reaction to delete. The shapes do not compliment the foreground items, and that big round something makes me wonder what it is - leaving my attention torn between subject and background.
Max, you're very thoughtful. Controlling the BG is one of the most important things in execution. The cat probably cost you here, sucking inside the Frame of that building. It collapses things downward and leaves that upper part feeling a bit empty.
You might just be a little too far away.
#delete8 I really like this. There's something about a gently desaturated flower that works. This one, however, requires some cleanup. There are quite a few messy spots that are just way too obviously forgotten in the post work. Shame, because this had some real potential.
You can begin with the dust or whatever off the edge of the flower in the black. Once you identify that you can see lots of imperfections that are easy to remove. Flowers are so intricate and beautiful, and they are meant to be viewed up close and with appreciation for architecture. When foreign elements lay upon them it's difficult to entirely enjoy their simple sophistication. The greenery below is a bit bright in relationship to the very interesting paper-like flower. Putting all of the attention on the flower and taking away the distractions would earn this a definite save.
Sorry, Max, it just jumped out at me... second thing I noticed after seeing the focus was very good.
#delete1 Sun is pretty decent, but the gray mist, or steam is just a touch underwhelming. It's the most interesting part of the photo, but it isn't getting enough love. Potentially a touch too much sky, too, considering the composition.
#delete4 I think I almost understand what + Stacey Lodge-Rittberg is saying, which is awesome. The tractor is better than your last. My concern is with the way that it overpowers the horizon. This would be an interesting statement of the tractor having power over its environment if it were shot more powerfully. That it lies rusting in the snow leaves the opposite feeling. Congrats on the improvements, + Max Kotchouro
I'm speaking more to it's framing, + Max Kotchouro ...it's nose is left little "looking room" to the left edge of the frame. This leaves it squeezed off a bit. The left headlamp is also just barely given notice - as if it were a touch shy.
#delete6 Sky issues - but the tightness around the edges and the base of the building really make it feel claustrophobic.
#delete6 Feels cluttered. I end up in places like this far too often... they are interesting to the eye, but the lens is unforgiving.
#delete1 It has that Ache Dee Arrrgh softness to it that leans toward the surreal in a slightly overprocessed way. Look through the middle of the photo... there's a haze, especially noticeable in the clouds, that casts a slight color shift through the center third. This is a product of Photomatix, I'd have to guess, as some of its presents lay light most funny. It's correctable in post, however... or with a little less oomph in the sliders.
Hi, + Max Kotchouro ! Sure. If you look through the upper half of the photo through the middle it is most obvious. Do you see how the sky hues a bit more blue in this area? Yes, it is possible that some blue from the sky was peeking through the clouds more in this part of the photo, but this is a classic issue with Photomatix that someone who uses it often will notice immediately. Often times, especially in the painterly settings, it casts the middle third of the image too light and shifts the colors in doing so. It's part of the reason that you got that gray streak down the edge of the left side of the tractor's roll bar. The steering wheel was also affected and comes out almost two-toned due to the processing. There are several other places it is noticeable as you move through the tractor, but they are less obvious and I think you get the idea. Photomatix is quite good at making 2/3 or even 3/4 of an image look awesome, but it doesn't do several things well... over softening edges, blurring chromatic aberration issues in fix and other things like this. Presets aren't really the issue - because whether you're tonemapping (as you did here) or otherwise you can get the sliders into positions that overdo certain portions of the photo. The fix? That's the fun part... you'll need to take one or several of the original images into a program like Photoshop, layer and "punch through" the Photomatix version to reintroduce correct color, toning, etc from those photos. It's good to get into the habit of doing this, because it can greatly enhance your HDR outputs. There are a number of tutorials online and on YouTube. Maybe I should make one and sell it to the masses. LOL. Money... All the best.
Here's an extreme example of me screwing up an image via Photomatix from a few years ago. If you look over top of the train you notice very obviously the change in color, tone, etc. It's a mess - but I liked it quite a lot back then. Your's is much less of an issue, but it's definitely there. Another 30 minutes of work in post would eliminate the flaws.
I fixed the link. Bitly rules.
#delete9 in agreement with several others... especially + Richard Kimbrough
