Recently, Sony promised that it would roll out Android 4.2 Jelly Bean firmware update for its top-end Xperiasmartphones, and it appears that the company has indeed kept its promise. Sony has announced that a firmware update for the Sony Xperia Z1 and Sony…
A young Chinese couple are facing criminal punishment for “selling” their infant daughter and using the proceeds to buy an Apple iPhone, state media said Friday. Shanghai prosecutors have brought a case against them for human trafficking after they…
Simmtronics XPAD Freedom key specifications 7.8-inch IPS display with 1024×768 pixels resolution 1.2GHz quad-core processor 1GB of RAM 8GB inbuilt storage, expandable up to 32GB via microSD card 5-megapixel rear camera 2-megapixel front-facing camera…
The Lumia 1020 is the spiritual successor to Nokia’s first phone with a 41-megapixel camera sensor, the Nokia 808 PureView. While the 808 won rave reviews for its camera, the fact that it ran the dated Symbian operating system on underpowered hardware had…
Millennials are tech-savvy young adults who grew up with smartphones and iPads, but many think technology makes people less human, according to a poll released on Thursday. The survey of 12,000 people aged 18 and older in eight countries, commissioned by…
Samsung is reportedly working on a new eye-scanning feature which is expected to be introduced on the Galaxy S4′s successor. According to a report by AndroidSaS that cites some sources from Korea, claims that the South Korean giant has started working on…
Samsung Electronics has offered to stop taking rivals such as Apple Inc to court over patent disputes in a move which EU antitrust regulators hope will end the so-called patent war between tech companies in Europe. Samsung’s proposal, which may help…
For the first time in two and a half years, Sony’s PlayStation 3 has overtaken Microsoft’s Xbox 360console in terms of US sales, according to September figures released by the NPD Group. Interestingly, the reversal comes at a time when both companies are…
I doubt I was alone in rolling my eyes when I first used Windows 8 a year ago. I found its touch controls and gestures awkward, and I was troubled by how little its primary, tile-based interface could do on its own. For many basic tasks, I had to return…
Microsoft’s Windows 8.1 update is now live on Microsoft’s Store for Windows 8 users. Windows 8.1, which is the latest iteration of Microsoft’s desktop and tablet OS, brings several new features, changes and additions including desktop wallpapers for the…
Chinese computer maker Lenovo, which has signed a non-disclosure deal to examine BlackBerry’s books, faces regulatory obstacles if it bids for all of the company and will likely pursue just parts, a source familiar with the matter said on Thursday.…
Samsung Galaxy Note 3 was the first non-Nexus device in the market to run Android 4.3, and it seems company’s flagship smartphone, the Samsung Galaxy S4 will be the next device to run the OS version. Sammobile reports that Samsung Galaxy S4′s LTE variant…
Nokia realised the significance of smart phones “too early”, the Finnish company’s former chief executive says in a new book, countering the view that the brand’s failure to remain a world leader was due to it being late to spot the market shift. In…
Google’s much awaited next-generation Nexus phone, the Nexus 5 has already made an online appearance. Interestingly, the leak comes from not any other source but Google, as the phone was accidentally listed on the Play Store, the company’s content,…
Canonical has released the latest version of its Linux-based operating system, Ubuntu 13.10. Besides the desktop OS, the company has also released Ubuntu for phones, though it gives a disclaimer that the release is meant for developers and industry…
The news of iPhone 5c (Review I Pictures) and iPhone 5s (Review I Pictures) prices in India went viral earlier this week as speculation turned to confirmation a day after the leak. Going beyond the typical bartering-of-body-parts-to-buy-an-iPhone joke, we…
LG is set to unveil its first curved display smartphone, the ‘G Flex’ next month, while the long-rumoured Nexus 5 will be launched by the end of this month, a report claims. Korean publication, Etnews has revealed in a report that LG, in an attempt to…
Samsung’s recently announced curved display smartphone, the Galaxy Round, is most likely an prototypic device with Samsung producing it in very limited quantities, if a new report is to be believed. The Samsung Galaxy Round is a prototype meant to…
Samsung Galaxy Trend key specifications 4-inch WVGA (480×800) TFT display 1GHz processor (unspecified chipset) 512MB RAM 4 inbuilt storage, expandable up to 32GB via microSD card 3-megapixel rear camera Android 4.0 Ice Cream Sandwich with TouchWiz 4.0 UI…
The launch of Windows 8 a year ago was heralded as the biggest change to the industry’s dominant operating system in at least 17 years. It attempts to bridge the gap between personal computers and fast-growing tablets with its touch-enabled interface. But…
Kobo, an e-reading services company, has launched its digital reading platform in India, including its E-Ink and tablets, such as the Kobo Touch, Kobo Glo, Kobo Arc and Kobo Aura HD; and apps for iOS, Android, Microsoft, and BlackBerry mobile platforms.…
LG Display Co Ltd posted its highest quarterly profit this year thanks to increased sales of displays for devices such as Apple Inc’s iPhone, but said prices for mainstay TV displays will keep falling along with TV set demand. The LG Electronics Inc unit,…
With the onset of the festive season in India, electronic manufacturers are coming up with schemes and new launches to attract consumers. Following this strategy, Hewlett-Packard India has announced a new festive offer on its selective notebook and…
Google has been tight-lipped about the release of Android 4.4, the latest iteration of its mobile and tablet operating system, ever since the company announced the new version. Recently however, the company has started teasing customers about Android 4.4…
Microsoft is releasing its long-awaited Windows 8.1 upgrade as a free download starting Thursday. It addresses some of the gripes people have had with Windows 8, the dramatically different operating system that attempts to bridge the divide between…
Desire 709d key specifications 5-inch qHD (540×960) display 1.2GHz Qualcomm Snapdragon 200 processor with Adreno 203 graphics 1GB of RAM 8-megapixel rear camera 2.1-megapixel front-facing camera 8GB inbuilt storage, expandable up to 64GB via microSD card…
Apple Inc has told manufacturers of its new iPhone 5c that it will cut orders of the smartphone for the final three months of the year, a source familiar with the supply chain situation said. Pegatron Corp, a major manufacturer of Apple’s new phone, had…
In an attempt to build hype about Android 4.4 KitKat, the latest iteration of its mobile and tablet operating system, Google has released a teaser image that gives another glimpse of the Android KitKat logo. Google posted the image to its Google+ page,…
Intel has forecasted that the laptop and tablet market will witness cheaper hardware, this holiday season. Intel CEO Brian Krzanich said (via SeekingAlpha) during the company’s earnings conference call that the market will get tablets that cost as low as…
Panasonic T31 key specifications 4-inch WVGA (800×480) display 1.3GHz dual core processor 512MB of RAM Android 4.2.2 Jelly Bean 4GB inbuilt storage, expandable up to 32GB via microSD card 3.2-megapixel rear camera VGA front-facing camera Dual-SIM…
Recently, Sony promised that it would roll out Android 4.2 Jelly Bean firmware update for its top-end Xperiasmartphones, and it appears that the company has indeed kept its promise. Sony has announced that a firmware update for the Sony Xperia Z1 and Sony…
Rovio, the Finnish developer that rose to fame with the iconic mobile game franchise, Angry Birds, will soon launch its new game, Angry Birds Go!, for free. The Angry Birds Go! is a kart-racing game that brings the Angry Birds characters to a brand new…
Micromax Bolt A58 key specifications 3.5-inch TFT LCD display with 320×480 pixels resolution 1GHz dual-core MediaTek 6572M processor 512MB of RAM Android 4.2 Jelly Bean 512MB inbuilt storage, expandable up to 32GB via microSD card 2-megapixel rear camera…
It looks like Microsoft isn’t going to get rid of the Back button on the Windows Phone platform, as previously reported about the latest iteration. After rumours of Microsoft’s plans to remove the Back button with the Windows Phone 8.1 update, it’s now…
Microsoft rolled out its much-awaited third Windows Phone 8 update earlier this week, which promised some of the major updates to the Windows Phone platform. However, it seems that the update would not help the devices with low-screen resolution or…
Samsung Mobiles has emerged as the ‘most attractive brand’ in the country according to ‘India’s Most Attractive Brand 2013′, a research-based report by Trust Research Advisory (TRA). The report is based on primary research conducted with 2,505…
Intel Corp’s third-quarter results modestly beat expectations on Tuesday, but its current-quarter revenue outlook fell short and it warned that production of its upcoming Broadwell processors was delayed. The world’s top chipmaker is betting that its…
