Sony RX10 provides a superzoom camera with a large sensor and a constant f2.8 aperture over 24-200mm Sony may have announced some full frame NEX cameras today, but personally I found this one a lot more interesting. It is pricey, especially for a superzoom, but in my eyes it has no other competition in the space.
I feel sorry for Googlers on here sometimes They can't post something they find interesting, yet completely not related to work without some douche asking about a upcoming product. FFS people I'm as excited about new technology as much as the next person, but Googlers have lives outside of work too!
Hello Nexus 5! The official site is live now. $349 off contract, and the tagline is "Capture everyday and the epic in fresh new ways." <- Sweet new camera, anyone? Also dat price. Yes please. https://play.google.com/store/devices/collection/web_home_5000005_nexusUS
Sony RX10 provides a superzoom camera with a large sensor and a constant f2.8 aperture over 24-200mm Sony may have announced some full frame NEX cameras today, but personally I found this one a lot more interesting. It is pricey, especially for a superzoom, but in my eyes it has no other competition in the space.
+ James Hunt a couple of things to consider. - the sensor is the same as Sony's RX100m2, which is the same size as my old Nikon J1 but with much better low light performance and overall picture quality. - Sony have been moving away from proprietary hotshoes to standard ones but I'm not sure what this one has. - having the same sensor and processor as the RX100, it should have RAW support. - while this is classified as a superzoom, it goes to a max of 200mm in the 35mm format. Meaning if you have a 200mm lens on your current crop sensor DSLR, you're currently getting 300mm in 35mm equivalent, 100mm more than the RX10. I know how much you use your zoom so that could be a deal breaker.
This looks interesting Anyone have an Aviate invite they care to share with me? Update: got one, thanks to + Jorge Cornejo for the invite. Will post some updates about this after work today
The entire Star Wars - A New Hope in ASCII text animation! This might be the happiest discovery of my life! lol lol lol - * #starwars H/t + Lionel Lauer
+ HTC : the next + BlackBerry I hate to say it but the new One max shows just how bad HTC's issues are. Take a poor selling handset despite it's critical praise, give it the same chipset which is now considered old, make it bigger, add a clumsy old style fingerprint sensor that proves Apple did it right, remove OIS from a camera that depended so much on it given it's lack of megapixels and fix almost none of the flaws of the smaller One flagship.
It genuinely confuses me why someone would '+1' their own posts and/or comments.
+ Steve Perkins don't get me wrong, I certainly thought about doing it but I decided against it
Nexus 5 & Android 4.4. KitKat: what are we hoping for? From my perspective, the far more interesting release is the new 4.4 version of Android rather than the Nexus 5. If the rumours are correct; Google maybe unlinking all their apps to be readily downloaded from the Play Store (including the stock launcher), linking the Messaging app with Hangouts for SMS capability, giving the OS Tap to Pay functionality without the need for Google Wallet and more. If they do make all their apps available to download, it means you can effectively turn any Android phone (as long as it's running 4.0 and up I presume) into a Google Experience phone. That would be a pretty cool thing, especially if you have something like a Sony Xperia phone for example. The Nexus 5 looks like a great device, I'm just not so sure it's going to be worth an upgrade for myself. I'm sure the camera will be an improvement, whether it can be iPhone 5s good remains to be seen. 1080p screen will be fantastic, but I have no issues with my current 720p screen. The big thing from the Nexus 4 would be LTE compatibility, but I do fine with 3G so that's not such a concern for myself either.
I sincerely hope Madeleine McCann is still alive and well but the actions of her parents that night still troubles me deeply, regardless of whether they were behind their daughter's disappearance or not. What kind of parents leave their 3 year old and baby twins alone and unsupervised in a hotel room overseas, with the doors unlocked, while they have dinner with friends in a restaurant 50 meters away? There was a petition at the time to have social services investigate the McCann's at the time, gathering 17,000 signatures, but nothing came of it ( ). I suspect if the McCann's weren't upper/middle class doctors with the availability to hire good lawyers, they might have come under a bit more scrutiny for their parenting skills at the least.
New 4.2.2 update for the LTE version of the Sony Xperia Tablet Z Version 10.3.1.A.2.67 Not sure what has been updated yet as there are no release notes I can find, maybe just a bug fix release. The update was 58mb however a few new apps were loaded by default, including a McAfee Anti Virus. Thankfully, these are easily uninstallable without hassle.
Apple Reportedly Cutting The iPhone 5c Production In Half. Oh myyy, trouble in paradise perhaps! I thought they were selling loads of them, what happened? This is despite RadioShack and Walmart slashing the iPhone 5c price to around $45 under contract. Perhaps sales will pick up during the holiday season but Apple cutting its production in half says a lot. No actual reason has been given for the production cut, though many talking heads agree the 5c isn't as popular as Apple hoped. Or, perhaps, with the launch window now over and done with, production is scaling back to focus more intently on the iPhone 5s, which is still a hard device to come by; the 5c is currently readily available, and for pretty great prices, too. Ship times for the iPhone 5s through Apple’s own website, on the other hand, are still being pushed back. If I was looking to buy an iPhone I would just save up for the 5s instead of going for the lesser model. I guess the slogan "it's unapologetically plastic" never took-off with people, at least not yet... More info: --- #iPhone5c #Apple #CuttingProduction #TechNews #News #TechnoBuffalo
Thing is everyone was expecting it to be cheap, but Apple never indicated it would be. In hindsight, it was always going to be the slightly cheaper contract option with colour options (I quite like the yellow actually).
As great as this is, I would love to see the same thing for twitter trends.
The video below will cost you a few minutes, but I promise you will laugh, be inspired, and witness real courage. (I've had the privilege of meeting Malala and she is just as impressive in person)
T-Mobile announces unlimited global data roaming at no extra charge If Australia is one of the 100 countries part of this deal, does that mean Americans are the only ones who can get unlimited mobile data in Australia? Might need to find a way to sign up to T-Mobile!
Zeiss Goes Official With Their Super Pricey New 55mm f1.4 All I need is those lotto numbers to come up
Fox News reinvents tablet journalism with 55-inch slates ...or they just hired a room full of midgets, I can't decide which sounds more ridiculous.
Rumoured Nexus 5 service manual leaks My excitement for this device will seemingly depend on it's camera performance. Was hoping for a bigger battery, especially if the display will be 1080p.
+ Greg Hortin I do have to say, ever since I got the wireless charger for work I don't have many battery issues anymore. It would be nice to have a phone last all day when I'm not near a charger though. I suspect Android 4.4 will focus more on efficiency, helping improve battery life. + Chris Corless absolutely will be an upgrade. My biggest issue with the Galaxy Nexus was the 3G performance in congested areas like the CBD. While the Nexus 5 should have LTE which will be much better, even in 3G areas you will notice a difference.
Sold my iPad mini and finally got the 35mm prime lens I wanted for my NEX-5n.
The new Twitter beta interface on Android is quite an improvement.
Adobe suffers major cyber attack, says data on 2.9 million customers was compromised
While the US Government has shut down...
Looks like a good reason to put in that 8Mpx...
3 years ago I married the most amazing person in the world. Happy anniversary my beautiful + Rachel Melder Thank you for bringing out the best in me xoxo.
Thanks everyone and congrats to you and the better half also + Paul Forster
+ Adam Timol exciting times hope your not stressing out too much about the wedding.
+ Adam Timol smart man + Sharista Satiah I like to think the universe would have brought you two together either way. Nice to have helped though.
It's official: the US government shuts down But let's get to the important issue at hand: Will this delay the release of Android KitKat 4.4 and the Nexus 5? Help us + Sundar Pichai you're our only hope!
We don't like this policy that provides healthcare to many people who can't afford it. Let's shutdown the government! I think the majority of Americans are awesome, but a larger than normal proportion of their politicians seem to be a very special breed of people.
Engadget have really dropped the ball since they fired Tim Stevens Check out this "review" of the Galaxy Note 3. Even though it's just under three minutes, the reviewer still manages to spend a bit of time talking about other devices and even 5-10 second pause to clear his throat. That's right, they didn't bother editing it out, they just left the damn thing in there. + Engadget is very quickly on it's way to joining + Gizmodo in being removed from my feeds permanently.
The return of Weird Sony Catching up with + James Hunt & + Damien Healey over the weekend, we started talking about the new QX10/QX100 attachable lens cameras released from Sony. While none of us could see the benefit of using these instead of our regular cameras, one thing was in agreement: we're glad Sony is doing weird products again. In my mind Sony is at it's best when it's not only coming up with bizzare concepts, but actually releasing them to market to see how they go. + The Verge goes through some of Sony's more whacky products in this article. Stay weird + Sony !
The continuing debate about mobile phone use in cars: how mobile phone companies can reduce the risk Watching 60 Minutes Australia tonight and they had the tragic story about a young girl who crashed her car and passed away after she answered a call from her Mother while driving. At the end of the story, it was mentioned that technology is being developed for installation in cars themselves that will prevent the use of mobile phones while driving. I am all for restricting the use of mobile phones in cars unless it is through a hands free device. However I think we should be cautious on trying to further regulate what is, in the end, bad habits of drivers. While technology in cars that prevent the use of mobile phones sounds like a good idea, it would be expensive to implement and rollout would be likely limited to new cars. A much more promising option is the development of software solutions within the phones themselves. Sensors in newer phones are now able to automatically detect when you are driving. Based on these sensors, it would be possible for software to prevent incoming and outgoing calls being made unless it detects a handsfree device is connected. In addition, you could also set the phone to automatically send a reply SMS when it receives a text, notifying the other person that you are currently driving and will respond to their SMS when appropriate. However, despite the possibility of these advancements helping to reduce the risk, the biggest lesson in hearing a tragic story of a young life taken is one of behaviour. Technology does not force us to be dependent on it, we choose to be so. Through my work and personal life I surround myself with technology; but my phone will stay in my pocket while I'm driving. We need to train ourselves not to take that risk and not expect technology, or someone else, to make that choice for us.
+ Paul Pichugin true but it would be very easy to implement a manual override for when the phone incorrectly puts you in car mode, something along the lines of entering a security pin.
+ Bryan Garnett-Law the pin is only the option when you want to use the phone normally when it accidently puts you in car mode. If you are in car mode and have a handfree bluetooth device detected, then the phone will allow you to send and receive calls via your handsfree device.
Jesus Christ people in this country really do wanna go back to the 1950s.
Wow, just wow: Steve Ballmer's last employee meeting as CEO This is so uncomfortably bizarre yet so appropriate for Ballmer. This was the Ballmer that everyone knew before he became CEO: passionate about Microsoft to the point of being completely maniacal. If he was allowed to be this bats@#t crazy when he was CEO, people might actually give a damn about Microsoft events and their products might have had a chance to shine.
We went to the zoo today and, as usual, I took a bunch of photos. This was my favourite of today's bunch. Quite happy I managed to get this little guy in focus cause it wouldn't stop moving.
The feeling of finishing something...
New tablet cradle is brilliant, well worth it. Also picked up a nice case/stand at the Sony store for when I'm not at home.
Yeah I got that when I bought the tablet. Pretty nice Logitech unit, just a little too fragile for my liking.
Finally had them in stock. Now I don't have to mess with the fiddly, waterproof port cover every time I want to charge my tablet! #Xperia #TabletZ
In Perth at the Sony store﻿. I'd call up prior to make sure they still have stock.
Did + Google and + Nestlé just give the release date of 4.4kitkat away!?
Saturday seems a bit weird to me as well, but Google execs have started dropping teasers on here so it might not be that far off.﻿ https://plus.google.com/114892667463719782631/posts/2jMy184WM5T
+ Brian Faughnan you could be right. It's all a bit of fun to speculate on these things.
The Galaxy Mega makes the Note II look like a normal phone They certainly like their phablets at my work, and here I am potentially looking to downsize.
+ James Hunt a couple of things to consider. - the sensor is the same as Sony's RX100m2, which is the same size as my old Nikon J1 but with much better low light performance and overall picture quality. - Sony have been moving away from proprietary hotshoes to standard ones but I'm not sure what this one has. - having the same sensor and processor as the RX100, it should have RAW support. - while this is classified as a superzoom, it goes to a max of 200mm in the 35mm format. Meaning if you have a 200mm lens on your current crop sensor DSLR, you're currently getting 300mm in 35mm equivalent, 100mm more than the RX10. I know how much you use your zoom so that could be a deal breaker.
