Secretly Sony Reveals Xperia Z1 f, miniature version of the Xperia Z1 Yesterday rumored mini phones are not selling well because of the features that are far below the amount of versions, but today Sony reveal the Xperia Z1 f, which is a mini version of their current flagship, the Xperia Z1, and use the spec that was almost e...
Qualcomm Introduces Zeroth, The Processors That Inspired with Brain Works The development of mobile processor technology is growing so fast , it was difficult to follow . Qualcomm today revealed that they have a new mobile processor called the Zeroth , who was smart enough , but can become more intelligent by studying previous ta...
Secretly Sony Reveals Xperia Z1 f, miniature version of the Xperia Z1 Yesterday rumored mini phones are not selling well because of the features that are far below the amount of versions, but today Sony reveal the Xperia Z1 f, which is a mini version of their current flagship, the Xperia Z1, and use the spec that was almost e...
Apple Releases MacBook 12 Inch with Retina Display Next Year? Apple is reportedly preparing a new product on the family Mac. This new product is a 12 inch MacBook with the Retina display. Retina MacBook sailing this is touted to be released in the second or third quarter of 2014. The news circulating that the 12 Inch ...
Samsung Prepare the Galaxy Note 3 Developer Edition For the flagship Android like Samsung and HTC Galaxy S4, each vendor sells emptiness version of the smartphone, with appendage Developer Edition, and pure use interface as the Google Android Nexus device. So it is not surprising that the Galaxy Note 3 will ...
Philips Also Prepares the Android Flip Mobile Model Not only that enliven Samsung Android phone flip or folding models, a new Android phone from Philips with a similar model seemed ready to...
Samsung Releases Galaxy Trend 3, Fashionable Dual-SIM Mobile featured Samsung re-add a list of Galaxy series mobile phones in China. After the success of the Galaxy series Trend II, Samsung has now released ...
Samsung Also Prepare the Galaxy S4 Gold Edition Apple has released the iPhone 5s with a choice of new colors are golden. Proven new color choice option is to boost sales of the latest i...
Xperia M Dual Reportedly Will Attend Next Week Along with the launch of Xperia Z Ultra in July, Sony also officially presenting their middle class Android phone the Xperia M. This phon...
Third Generation Kindle Fire Tablet Revealed, Kindle Fire HDX Amazon reportedly has just announced the third-generation Kindle Fire tablet named Kindle Fire HDX. This tablet offers a variety of new t...
iOS 7 Already Used by 52% Users iOS Devices In the period of around a week, more than half of iOS devices are now running the latest Apple operating system iOS 7. According to the l...
ZTE Prepares the More Sophisticated Firefox OS Smartphone As one supporter of Firefox OS, ZTE looks serious to provide smartphones that can run alternative operating systems. It is seen from the ...
IPhone 5S benchmark outperform The Top Android devices The launch of the iPhone 5S few weeks ago has invited both positive and negative comments from fans and observers worldwide technology. H...
Galaxy Note 3 Limited Edition With Flexible Screen Comes Next Month? Galaxy Note 3 previously been rumored to be present in the LCD and Super AMOLED variant. The current version of the Super AMOLED has been...
Introduced OPPO N1, Phablet 5.9 inch with Rotated Camera Since this weeks teaser OPPO spend a lot of presenting N1, today, they officially introduced Android 4.2 phablet. This device is a very u...
Non-Official iMessage app appears in Android iMessage is a messaging service that are exclusive allows iOS users send each other messages, pictures, and video. However exclusivity on...
