It's telling that we'd even talk about a m43 and FF camera in the same sentence. For folks who don't need to print 16x20, m43 is probably the better choice. ﻿ Also, the body is close to m43 size, but the lenses won't be remotely close tot he same size. It's the package that matters, not just the body, and many folks carry a lot more lenses than bodies.
If the rumors are right, $2K for a full frame, mirrorless Sony NEX camera with standard zoom lens is going to be hard to beat. Sign me up... I don't expect Fuji to match this for a while, and the advantages over a micro-four-thirds size sensor will be material.
Give $1 to 'Save a Dog, Save a Veteran' and Tom will match it. Support K9S FOR WARRIORS together! – One Today by Google https://onetoday.google.com/m/w9ekF_gS
"There are few men who can wear a mustache like Nick Offerman,..."
Finally, launched this app... if you own or manage a small/medium business, check it out!
New Sony A7R Full-Frame mirrorless takes computational photography to a new level! I got a sneak preview of the whole new Sony camera system. Here’s what you need to know. I’m not gonna take eight paragraphs to tell you the basics. You’re smart; here are the key factors about the new Sony A7R: Full-Frame, 36 Megapixels, Weather-sealed, Crazy autofocus tricks, Much improved noise-reduction, Built-in WIFI and NFC, Improved-everything-else. Am I switching? Yes! Absolutely! I consider this a major upgrade from my NEX-7. Read my full write-up over on my blog:
Should have registered for my wedding here.
If the rumors are right, $2K for a full frame, mirrorless Sony NEX camera with standard zoom lens is going to be hard to beat. Sign me up... I don't expect Fuji to match this for a while, and the advantages over a micro-four-thirds size sensor will be material.
Honestly, I'm not a fan of Sony. But they are clearly taking the lead in the camera market while Canon and Nikon keep churning out retreads.
So apparently this site used one of my photos to illustrate a story on the US winning the America's Cup. Which wouldn't really be that interesting, except that it's not actually a photo of the America's Cup at all - it from last year's "World Series" with 45-foot boats. And Emirates / Team NZ isn't even one of the boats in the photo. If you're going to steal photos, at least steal the right ones.
Long-exposure of the northern side of the Golden Gate. Olympus OM-D E-M5, 45mm, 20s f/16
The north side of the Golden Gate, from Vista Point in Sausalito.
"Postcard Row" in San Francisco this evening. Shot with an Olympus OM-D EM-5. One image is HDR, one is a normal exposure; I'm still not sure how I feel about HDR in general. Maybe it's because I started on film, but I usually feel like I can manage dynamic range in-camera.
"Postcard Row" in SF, with the downtown skyline behind. Shot with an Olympus OM-D E-M5, 3 exposures +/- 2 stops. Not the best evening - some haze towards downtown, and a chilly wind on the hill.
My big regret from my recent trip to Hawaii was not driving up to the summit of Mauna Kea to photograph the observatories and night sky at the summit. I finked out because I heard the drive is dangerous, especially if you get altitude sickness. But I probably could have made it in my rental jeep, grabbed a few shots and turned around. Anyway, watch this video of the observatories zapping space with their lasers, you won't be sorry.
Photos from my trip to "the Big Island" in Hawaii for my friend Ian's wedding.
A quick snapshot from Hawaii using my Olympus OM-D E-M5. I walked up behind a Nikon DSLR shooter and snapped this, halfway through being the best man at a wedding. File that under things you can't do with an APS-C SLR kit.
Evening at the Palace. It's almost not worth shooting this place during the day. (One exposure, 10s, D300 with 12-24 f/4)
Evening at the Palace. It's almost not worth shooting this place during the day. (One exposure, 10s, D300 with 12-24 f/4)
Ugh - sorry - the interface didn't let me choose a category, but it did let me click on "choose a category" which probably shouldn't be a category at all.
First post to this group. "Ferry Building at Night" taken from pier 14. Cheers!
Day two of the weekend jam session continues. Gooseberry in process, strawberry rhubarb just labeled and ready for storage!
Panasonic GM1 is The New Ultra Compact MFT Camera New G series ultra compact #microfourthirds #camera will be #panasonicgm1 . #panasonic #gm1 will be the first #mftcamera with full electronic shutter. #micro43s
Beautiful fungi on display at the Ferry Building today. I picked up a tray of chanterelles for breakfast.
Micro Four-Thirds desperately needs a 10mm prime. I shouldn't have to choose between a great 12mm f/2 (24mm equiv) or a sloppy, dim 9-18mm or 7-14mm zoom. When is a manufacturer going to to deliver some pro-quality wide angle options?
Not many landscape / pjs would buy a FF system that didn't offer a 20mm f/2.8-type lens, or at least a constant-aperture ultrawide zoom. If you check Olympus' announcements today, one of their first 3 "Pro" level lenses for u4/3 is an f/4 UW zoom, for this exact reason - the system isn't usable for a PJ or a lot of other pros without that option.
Just back from a whirlwind trip to Asia visiting our Android ecosystem partners in Korea, Taiwan, and Japan. Exciting to see all the high quality Android devices available now, including Samsung Galaxy S4, HTC One, LG G2, Sony Xperia and many more. Also looking forward to the new devices our partners are launching in Berlin at IFA, played around with them last week and really nice -- stay tuned; we’ve got a lot more coming! All this Android innovation is driving tremendous ecosystem momentum and I’m excited to share that together we’ve now passed 1 Billion Android device activations. Huge thanks to the entire Android community from the hardware manufacturers, chip makers and carriers to the developers and content creators to all of you - our Android users around the world - for making this possible. On my return from Asia, I was also thrilled to find this guy waiting to greet me on the front lawn -- love the new #AndroidKitKat statue and can’t wait to release the next version of the platform that is as sweet as the candy bar that’s one of our team’s favorites:)
30 seconds on Lombard Street last night... Even at 9 in the evening, in close to total darkness, there were hordes of tourists attempting to take photos of themselves at the bottom of Lombard street using their mobile phones, and a procession of rented white minivans rolling down the curves. I have to wonder how many tourists a year get gently clipped by the car of another tourist gingerly winding their way down Lombard.
I'm taking a hard look at this myself. I don't feel like is a large enough jump over u43 in terms of sensor but a $1300 camera that can do FX for wide shots and also with my other lenses is interesting.
Project Loon ( ) demonstration inflation on the Google Campus this afternoon.
For 2 out of every 3 people on earth, a fast, affordable Internet connection is still out of reach. Today we are unveiling our latest moonshot from Google [x] - Project Loon: balloon-powered internet access. Learn more: goo.gl/3VUHC #ProjectLoon
I have a tremendous number of thoughts about the various revelations about the NSA's domestic espionage programs revealed this week. But first and foremost, I wanted to share this message from + Larry Page and our Chief Legal Officer + David Drummond . Google had no involvement in the PRISM program and the first we heard of it was when Greenwald's article hit the press. I'm not sure what the details of this PRISM program are, but I can tell you that the only way in which Google reveals information about users are when we receive lawful, specific orders about individuals -- things like search warrants. And we continue to stand firm against any attempts to do so broadly or without genuine, individualized suspicion, and publicize the results as much as possible in our Transparency Report. Having seen much of the internals of how we do this, I can tell you that it is a point of pride, both for the company and for many of us, personally, that we stand up to governments that demand people's information. I can also tell you that the suggestion that PRISM involved anything happening directly inside our datacenters surprised me a great deal; owing to the nature of my work at Google over the past decade, it would have been challenging -- not impossible, but definitely a major surprise -- if something like this could have been done without my ever hearing of it. And I can categorically state that nothing resembling the mass surveillance of individuals by governments within our systems has ever crossed my plate. If it had, even if I couldn't talk about it, in all likelihood I would no longer be working at Google: the fact that we do stand up for individual users' privacy and protection, for their right to have a personal life which is not ever shared with other people without their consent, even when governments come knocking at our door with guns, is one of the two most important reasons that I am at this company: the other being a chance to build systems which fundamentally change and improve the lives of billions of people by turning the abstract power of computing into something which amplifies and expands their individual, mental life. Whatever the NSA was doing involving the mass harvesting of information, it did not involve being on the inside of Google. And I, personally, am by now disgusted with their conduct: the national security apparatus has convinced itself and the rest of the government that the only way it can do its job is to know everything about everyone. That's not how you protect a country. We didn't fight the Cold War just so we could rebuild the Stasi ourselves.
Playing around with uploading photos directly to G+ from RAW shots via the Pixel. Works reasonably well, but I can tell already that it's not applying lens corrections at all. Guess it's not quite time to give up Lightroom, but it seems like it would work for casual shots just fine.
Waiting on The xx.
I didn't even realize I had this shot until I saw it in my instant uploads folder. In one picture this neatly summarizes how Mochi approaches the beach versus other dogs.
These retro canvas bags look great for travel - why don't traditional camera bag makers invest in a little fashion sense instead of making the same styles for decades?
I actually own a old version of that (let me know if you want it, because I'll never carry it again.) I agree that's the core photo market but when I walk around I see a million people carrying big dSLRs who I don't even think are "hobbiest" photographers... that market is likely an order of magnitude bigger than the old photo market and they're much more style conscious.
I broke my rib last week and carrying around a camera plus tripod on a messenger-style strap is a bear. Trying to find a decent backpack-style solution that's not ridiculous for day-hikes and travel. The Lowepro I have is way too much in terms of equipment capacity and way too little in terms of being able to carry anything else. I think empty it weighs like 15 lbs.
that's pretty nifty. they have sales a couple times a year, I'll have to keep an eye out.
The amount of stabilization and sequencing they have on these new auto-animations is remarkable. This sequence looks like I shot it on a tripod - it was handheld at 9 FPS, and I was shivering from the cold.
End of the season for SF SOMA kickball and my team.
A ton of auto-animated action sequences thanks to the new Google+ photo features. Some really great features for turning a pile of photos into a great album without a ton of grinding.
If you look at the first shot in the album, it actually composited that together from multiple group photos so everyone looks better... that's even more amazing than the animations.
Honestly, I'm not a fan of Sony. But they are clearly taking the lead in the camera market while Canon and Nikon keep churning out retreads.
