VIDEO: Sony’s Lens Turns Smartphones Into Better Cameras - If you can't beat 'em, join 'em? Sony's latest products, the QX10 and QX100, are "lens-style" cameras that attach to smartphones, making a kind of hybrid camera for smartphone-happy photo-takers. AllThingsD's Lauren Goode reviews them. Thanks for checking us out. Please take a look at the rest of our videos and articles. To stay in []The post VIDEO: Sony's Lens Turns Smartphones Into Better Cameras appeared firs...
VIDEO: Cyborg Cockroaches Could Scout Dangerous Areas - Researchers say remote-controlled cockroaches could help first responders map out collapsed buildings. Thanks for checking us out. Please take a look at the rest of our videos and articles. To stay in the loop, bookmark our homepage.The post VIDEO: Cyborg Cockroaches Could Scout Dangerous Areas appeared first on The Technology Cafe.
VIDEO: Elon Musk Buys James Bond’s Submarine Car - The Lotus Esprit seen in 1977s "The Spy Who Loved Me" sold for $968,000 at a London auction last month. Musk was the secret buyer. Thanks for checking us out. Please take a look at the rest of our videos and articles. To stay in the loop, bookmark our homepage.The post VIDEO: Elon Musk Buys James Bond's Submarine Car appeared first on The Technology Cafe.
VIDEO: Positive Google Earnings Send Stock to Record Highs - Google beat expectations on revenue and profit, despite falling ad revenue and another quarterly loss for Motorola. Thanks for checking us out. Please take a look at the rest of our videos and articles. To stay in the loop, bookmark our homepage.The post VIDEO: Positive Google Earnings Send Stock to Record Highs appeared first on The Technology Cafe.
VIDEO: Fossilized Arthropod Has Spider-Like Brain - A fossil more than 500 million years old of the best-preserved nervous system ever found shows spiders and scorpions had related ancestors. Thanks for checking us out. Please take a look at the rest of our videos and articles. To stay in the loop, bookmark our homepage.The post VIDEO: Fossilized Arthropod Has Spider-Like Brain appeared first on The Technology Cafe.
VIDEO: Facebook Lets Teens Share Posts With Public - In an effort to attract teens, Facebook will allow them to post publicly and get followers on their profiles just like everybody else. Thanks for checking us out. Please take a look at the rest of our videos and articles. To stay in the loop, bookmark our homepage.The post VIDEO: Facebook Lets Teens Share Posts With Public appeared first on The Technology Cafe.
VIDEO: Apple Gets Go-Ahead to Build ‘Spaceship’ Campus - Apple's new campus received unanimous support from the Cupertino City Council Tuesday. It could be ready as soon as 2016. Thanks for checking us out. Please take a look at the rest of our videos and articles. To stay in the loop, bookmark our homepage.The post VIDEO: Apple Gets Go-Ahead to Build 'Spaceship' Campus appeared first on The Technology Cafe.
VIDEO: Square Cash Enables Money Transfers via Email - Square's latest money app aims to make sending cash to friends as easy as sending an email. Thanks for checking us out. Please take a look at the rest of our videos and articles. To stay in the loop, bookmark our homepage.The post VIDEO: Square Cash Enables Money Transfers via Email appeared first on The Technology Cafe.
VIDEO: Snapchat Can Share Snaps With Police - Snapchat revealed a privacy loophole where any material still on its servers can be turned over to police if they have a warrant. Thanks for checking us out. Please take a look at the rest of our videos and articles. To stay in the loop, bookmark our homepage.The post VIDEO: Snapchat Can Share Snaps With Police appeared first on The Technology Cafe.
VIDEO: Apple Hires Burberry CEO Angela Ahrendts - In a press release, Apple announced it created a position for former Burberry CEO Angela Ahrendts. She will oversee Apple's online and retail stores. Thanks for checking us out. Please take a look at the rest of our videos and articles. To stay in the loop, bookmark our homepage.The post VIDEO: Apple Hires Burberry CEO Angela Ahrendts appeared first on The Technology Cafe.
VIDEO: Brett Bullington, a Year After the Bike Accident - Kara Swisher checks in with Silicon Valley investor Brett Bullington, one year after a bike accident sidelined him. Thanks for checking us out. Please take a look at the rest of our videos and articles. To stay in the loop, bookmark our homepage.The post VIDEO: Brett Bullington, a Year After the Bike Accident appeared first on The Technology Cafe.
VIDEO: Sony’s Lens Turns Smartphones Into Better Cameras - If you can't beat 'em, join 'em? Sony's latest products, the QX10 and QX100, are "lens-style" cameras that attach to smartphones, making a kind of hybrid camera for smartphone-happy photo-takers. AllThingsD's Lauren Goode reviews them. Thanks for checking us out. Please take a look at the rest of our videos and articles. To stay in []The post VIDEO: Sony's Lens Turns Smartphones Into Better Cameras appeared firs...
VIDEO: Guilt Can Make You Feel Physically Heavier - Researchers at two universities found that people experiencing guilt felt physically heavier. Thanks for checking us out. Please take a look at the rest of our videos and articles. To stay in the loop, bookmark our homepage.The post VIDEO: Guilt Can Make You Feel Physically Heavier appeared first on The Technology Cafe.
VIDEO: Google Plans to Show User Data in Advertisements - The company plans to display user recommendations and reviews in paid advertisements. Thanks for checking us out. Please take a look at the rest of our videos and articles. To stay in the loop, bookmark our homepage.The post VIDEO: Google Plans to Show User Data in Advertisements appeared first on The Technology Cafe.
VIDEO: N.Y. Comic Con Sends Tweets via Attendees’ Accounts - Some press, professionals and fans were outraged to find NYCC had sent messages from attendees' social media accounts without their knowledge. Thanks for checking us out. Please take a look at the rest of our videos and articles. To stay in the loop, bookmark our homepage.The post VIDEO: N.Y. Comic Con Sends Tweets via Attendees' Accounts appeared first on The Technology Cafe.
VIDEO: Army Building Iron-Man-Like Body Suit - Researchers at MIT are helping the military develop body armor that will shield soldiers from gunfire, extreme temperatures and much more. Thanks for checking us out. Please take a look at the rest of our videos and articles. To stay in the loop, bookmark our homepage.The post VIDEO: Army Building Iron-Man-Like Body Suit appeared first on The Technology Cafe.
VIDEO: Ford Joins Race to Put Driverless Cars on the Road - Ford is testing two driverless cars. One parks itself and the other avoids pedestrians. Thanks for checking us out. Please take a look at the rest of our videos and articles. To stay in the loop, bookmark our homepage.The post VIDEO: Ford Joins Race to Put Driverless Cars on the Road appeared first on The Technology Cafe.
VIDEO: Jack Dorsey Trashed in Twitter Tell-All - "Hatching Twitter," a tell-all by The New York Times' Nick Bilton, calls co-founder Jack Dorsey more of a distraction than a leader. Thanks for checking us out. Please take a look at the rest of our videos and articles. To stay in the loop, bookmark our homepage.The post VIDEO: Jack Dorsey Trashed in Twitter Tell-All appeared first on The Technology Cafe.
VIDEO: Apple Rumored to Unveil New Products October 22 - The invitation-only event will focus on the latest updates to the iPad line and other news with its Mac Pro and OS X Mavericks. Thanks for checking us out. Please take a look at the rest of our videos and articles. To stay in the loop, bookmark our homepage.The post VIDEO: Apple Rumored to Unveil New Products October 22 appeared first on The Technology Cafe.
VIDEO: Mossberg Reviews the Amazon Kindle Fire HDX - The Amazon Kindle Fire HDX has a few improvements over last year's Kindle Fire HD, including a unique video chat-based tech support feature activated by a "Mayday button." Walt Mossberg gives us the pros and cons of this tablet. (Photo: Amazon) Thanks for checking us out. Please take a look at the rest of our []The post VIDEO: Mossberg Reviews the Amazon Kindle Fire HDX appeared first on The Technology Cafe.
VIDEO: Timing of Gluten Introduction Linked to Celiac Disease Risk
VIDEO: Albert Einstein’s Brain Reveals Unusual Connection - A new study suggests the German theoretical physicist's brain was unusually well connected — giving him a much higher level of intelligence. Thanks for checking us out. Please take a look at the rest of our videos and articles. To stay in the loop, bookmark our homepage.The post VIDEO: Albert Einstein's Brain Reveals Unusual Connection appeared first on The Technology Cafe.
VIDEO: Walmart Rolls Back iPhone 5c Price to $45 - Walmart customers are now able to purchase the new iPhone 5c for just $45 during this year's holiday season. Thanks for checking us out. Please take a look at the rest of our videos and articles. To stay in the loop, bookmark our homepage.The post VIDEO: Walmart Rolls Back iPhone 5c Price to $45 appeared first on The Technology Cafe.
VIDEO: MIT Scientists Create Self-Assembling Robotic Cubes - Scientists have created robo-cubes called M-blocks that can self-assemble without any external moving parts. Thanks for checking us out. Please take a look at the rest of our videos and articles. To stay in the loop, bookmark our homepage.The post VIDEO: MIT Scientists Create Self-Assembling Robotic Cubes appeared first on The Technology Cafe.
VIDEO: Is Something Wrong With the Motion Sensors on the iPhone 5s?
VIDEO: Huge Supervolcanoes May Have Shaken Early Mars - Two researchers claim a set of large craters on the planet's northern hemisphere came from supervolcano explosions. Thanks for checking us out. Please take a look at the rest of our videos and articles. To stay in the loop, bookmark our homepage.The post VIDEO: Huge Supervolcanoes May Have Shaken Early Mars appeared first on The Technology Cafe.
VIDEO: Love It Or Hate It, IOS 7 Is Here - Apple's iOS 7 has been a lightning rod of controversy over the last week. The operating system has been called the very best mobile software Apple has ever released by the company's hardcore fans, while those who aren't so quick to sing its praises say that it has much room for improvement. Thanks for checking []The post VIDEO: Love It Or Hate It, IOS 7 Is Here appeared first on The Technology Cafe.
VIDEO: Martin Logan 212 - Martin Logan 212 Thanks for checking us out. Please take a look at the rest of our videos and articles. To stay in the loop, bookmark our homepage.The post VIDEO: Martin Logan 212 appeared first on The Technology Cafe.
