6 months on: BlackBerry Z10 VS Sony Xperia Z - Which is more popular on the mobile web?
6 months on: BlackBerry Z10 VS Sony Xperia Z - Which is more popular on the mobile web?
HTC report losses for the first time - Has the HTC One made a big enough impact?
Smartphone VS Tablet - Which device is used to browse the web more in the UK?: #COTW
Didn't get to see @jonarnes #ota13 talk about web performance? Check out our write up here:
In the latest Chart of the Week from 51Degrees.mobi we take a look at Which Sony TV Model Is The Most Popular.
In honour of #IBCShow this week 51Degrees.mobi takes a look at TV screen sizes in the US. Visit us there! hall 4, stand c88.
Huawei expect to launch 5G network by 2020 + more via the weekly mobile web news roundup:
Web Traffic From Smartphones is Greater Than Smartphone Ownership Share via 51Degrees.mobi Chart of the Week:
HTC developing smartphone operating system in collaboration with Chinese government:
Google takes a stand on the 'app doorslam' and other methods of advertising your app to mobile web users:
Edward puts the new Monster.co.uk mobile website under the 51Degrees.mobi microscope. Find out his results:
Google developing Chrome controls to limit children's internet activity + more: Weekly web news roundup
Smartphones outsell feature phones for first time, 51Degrees.mobi investigates their web traffic:
Edward puts Luton Airport's new mobile website through the 51Degrees.mobi test:
Britain addicted to the web + other stories in our weekly mobile web news roundup:
James Rosewell teaches you how to create high performance mobile websites via Smashing Magazine:
Will the Moto X bring Motorola back from the dead? 51Degrees.mobi investigates: https://51degrees.mobi/Blog/TabId/553/ArtMID/1641/ArticleID/166/Will-The-Moto-X-Bring-Motorola-Back-From-The-Dead.aspx
Can Samsung overthrow Apple's web traffic dominance? Find out in this edition of Chart of the Week:
3 Mistakes that businesses make when designing their mobile web experience:
eBay add more than 3 million new customers through mobile:
iPad VS iPhone - Which device generates the most mobile web traffic?
24.com use 51Degrees.mobi to offer an optimised mobile experience. Read how:
Learn how to use the Vary Header with compression in IIS for creating best practice mobile websites:
51Degrees.mobi Search for the Heaviest Mobile Web page. Current heaviest is 4mb - Can you beat it?
Use 51Degrees.mobi mobile theme switcher to optimise your #Drupal website for mobile!
51Degrees.mobi founder @jwrosewell joins the panel at the OMA Big Data event tomorrow. More information:
Which mobile operating system is most popular in emerging markets? 51Degrees.mobi investigates:
Chart of the Week - Flagship mobile devices battle for third place:
Chat of the Week - Flagship mobile devices battle for third place:
Which HTC device is most popular browsing the web? 51Degrees.mobi investigate with chart of the week:
51Degrees.mobi Chart of the Week investigates the rise of the Google Chrome mobile browser: owl.li/k0M4Y
51Degrees.mobi Chart of the Week investigates the rise of the Google Chrome mobile browser:
Chart of the Week: War of the Z's - Blackberry Z10 vs Sony Xperia Z - Web usage in March 2013:
