Sony's $200 smartwatch works with Android phones - Sony will sell its new computerized wristwatch for $200 in the U.S. and it will work with a variety of Android phones.The post Sony's $200 smartwatch works with Android phones appeared first on W1Mobile.
Review: Button location sets LG's G2 apart - The G2 and the G Pad 8.3 from LG Electronics Inc., are great mobile devices that have fantastic screens, top-end cameras and ample processing power.The post Review: Button location sets LG's G2 apart appeared first on W1Mobile.
Microsoft releasing Windows 8.1, a year in making - Microsoft releasesWindows 8.1 upgrade as a free download, addressing some of the gripes people have had with Windows 8.The post Microsoft releasing Windows 8.1, a year in making appeared first on W1Mobile.
HTC offers larger phone, with fingerprint sensor - HTC Corp. is introducing a larger version of its popular HTC One phone, becoming the latest phone maker to offer its flagship device in three sizes.The post HTC offers larger phone, with fingerprint sensor appeared first on W1Mobile.
Microsoft's phone update to feature driving mode - Microsoft is updating its Windows software for cellphones to make it easier for motorists to reduce distractions while driving.The post Microsoft's phone update to feature driving mode appeared first on W1Mobile.
Sony's $200 smartwatch works with Android phones - Sony will sell its new computerized wristwatch for $200 in the U.S. and it will work with a variety of Android phones.The post Sony's $200 smartwatch works with Android phones appeared first on W1Mobile.
Google unveils $279 Chrome laptop made by HP - Google is introducing a $279 laptop running Chrome OS, borrowing many of the high-end features found in models that cost $1,000 or more.The post Google unveils $279 Chrome laptop made by HP appeared first on W1Mobile.
New iPads likely at Apple event next week - Apple is holding an event in San Francisco next week to announce new products — likely updated iPads.The post New iPads likely at Apple event next week appeared first on W1Mobile.
Twitter, Comcast sign TV partnership - Twitter and Comcast have signed a partnership that will let viewers access TV shows and buy movie tickets directly from a tweet.The post Twitter, Comcast sign TV partnership appeared first on W1Mobile.
Roadkill permits? There will be an app for that - Montana officials are planning to allow drivers who accidentally kill big game to print out permits at home that allow them to harvest the meat for food.The post Roadkill permits? There will be an app for that appeared first on W1Mobile.
BlackBerry founders looking at buying company - BlackBerry founders Mike Lazaridis and Douglas Fregin are weighing taking over the distressed smartphone company as it is in need of help. The post BlackBerry founders looking at buying company appeared first on W1Mobile.
TV-over-Internet service Aereo to come to Android - Aereo, a service that delivers broadcast television stations over the Internet, will come to Android devices on Oct. 22.The post TV-over-Internet service Aereo to come to Android appeared first on W1Mobile.
New gadget frees mobile TV from blocky attachment - Audiovox's "mobiletv" gadget allows watching TV on your phone or tablet without a blocky attachment.The post New gadget frees mobile TV from blocky attachment appeared first on W1Mobile.
Yahoo, Softbank back Alibaba in HK IPO battle - Yahoo and Japan's Softbank Corp.backed Alibaba's unusual management structure that Hong Kong's stock exchange was unwilling to accommodate.The post Yahoo, Softbank back Alibaba in HK IPO battle appeared first on W1Mobile.
Icahn wants Apple to spend $150B buying its stock - Activist investor Carl Icahn is pressuring Apple to spend $150 billion buying back its own stockThe post Icahn wants Apple to spend $150B buying its stock appeared first on W1Mobile.
Rdio launches free listening on mobile devices - Digital music service Rdio is launching its free Internet radio service, the app that works on Apple devices won't play ads between the songs.The post Rdio launches free listening on mobile devices appeared first on W1Mobile.
Scribd, HarperCollins offer e-book subscriptions - Online document-sharing site Scribd sets out to create the world's largest subscription service for digital books.The post Scribd, HarperCollins offer e-book subscriptions appeared first on W1Mobile.
FAA to weigh easing limits on electronic devices - Airline passengers may get some relief from restrictions on use of personal electronic devices during takeoffs and landings.The post FAA to weigh easing limits on electronic devices appeared first on W1Mobile.
Apple iPhone 5S review: 'A vastly improved user experience' - The iPhone 5S resembles the iPhone 5 a lot, but it got a significantly improved user experience. Find out more what has changed too. The post Apple iPhone 5S review: 'A vastly improved user experience' appeared first on W1Mobile.
LA students breach school iPads' security - 300 students with iPads from their Los Angeles high school figured out how to alter the security settings to surf the Web and access social media sites.The post LA students breach school iPads' security appeared first on W1Mobile.
Amazon unveils Kindle Fire HDX with 24/7 live help - Amazon is refreshing its line-up of tablet computers with new devices called Kindle Fire HDX, which are faster and lighter than the previous generation.The post Amazon unveils Kindle Fire HDX with 24/7 live help appeared first on W1Mobile.
Microsoft unveils new Surface, fixes shortcomings - Microsoft unveiled Surface tablet computers, having addressed many shortcomings of the first-generation Surface models.The post Microsoft unveils new Surface, fixes shortcomings appeared first on W1Mobile.
BlackBerry slashes jobs in face of $1B 2Q loss - BlackBerry reported that it lost nearly $1 billion in the second quarter and it would lay off 4,500 employees.The post BlackBerry slashes jobs in face of $1B 2Q loss appeared first on W1Mobile.
New iPhones: What the tech world is saying - Here are reviews of the iPhone 5S and the iPhone 5C, as well as iOS7 made ahead of their release, suggesting whether it;s worth upgrading and purchasing. The post New iPhones: What the tech world is saying appeared first on W1Mobile.
Mexico sees its first village cellphone network - A villiage in southern Mexico got a community radio station in order to make mobile conversation more affordable for locals.The post Mexico sees its first village cellphone network appeared first on W1Mobile.
Google buys file transfer app Bump - Google has recently acquired Bump, a maker of a smartphone app allowing to share files by bumping devices together. The post Google buys file transfer app Bump appeared first on W1Mobile.
Wireless Carriers Unveil IPhone Installment-Payment Plans - T-Mobile US Inc., AT&T Inc. and Verizon Wireless unveil their new installment-plan approach to mobile-phone pricing.The post Wireless Carriers Unveil IPhone Installment-Payment Plans appeared first on W1Mobile.
New Pandora CEO faces royalty fight with artists - Brian McAndrews, Pandora's new chief executive, will have to renegotiate royalty rates paid to the music industry in order to compete with iTunes Radio.The post New Pandora CEO faces royalty fight with artists appeared first on W1Mobile.
iPhone faces challenge in crowded Chinese market - Apple will face challeges in China market due to a large number of competitive alternatives, present on the market. The post iPhone faces challenge in crowded Chinese market appeared first on W1Mobile.
Report: NSA cracked most online encryption - The National Security Agency bypassed most of digital encrytion and may analyze electronic messages and confidential data of businesses and Internet users. The post Report: NSA cracked most online encryption appeared first on W1Mobile.
In Nokia acquisition, Microsoft tries to catch up - Nokia, costing Microsoft $7.2 billion, is another step of integrating software and hardware, what Apple has already done. The post In Nokia acquisition, Microsoft tries to catch up appeared first on W1Mobile.
Nokia, Mercedes-Benz in smart map deal - Nokia to collaborate with Mercedes-Benz in order to make digital smart maps for cars connected to a computing cloud.The post Nokia, Mercedes-Benz in smart map deal appeared first on W1Mobile.
Report: NSA can access most smartphone data - National Security Agency is able to look through personal information on iPhones, BlackBerry and Android devices.The post Report: NSA can access most smartphone data appeared first on W1Mobile.
Lenovo sees PC market growth in hybrid models - Lenovo offers new hybrid computers like Lenovo's new Yoga 2 Pro, which was presented at Berlin's annual IFA gadget show.The post Lenovo sees PC market growth in hybrid models appeared first on W1Mobile.
Sony launches camera phone with add-on lenses - Sony Mobile Unveiled detachable lenses, which can be used not only with Android phones but also with Apple's iPhone.The post Sony launches camera phone with add-on lenses appeared first on W1Mobile.
Samsung Releases Wallet on Google Play - Wallet has been officially launched on Play Store. Though NFC and actual payment system integration are still missing. See how it works.The post Samsung Releases Wallet on Google Play appeared first on W1Mobile.
Deutsche Telekom Profit up, Sees Rebound in US - Deutsche Telekom has gained $704 million in Q2, with shares rising to €9.71 in Germany. But the company still wants to beat its record in the US. The post Deutsche Telekom Profit up, Sees Rebound in US appeared first on W1Mobile.
IDC: Android Extends Lead over iPhone in 2Q - Android shipments grew 10% from a year ago, while iPhone remains No. 2 and Windows Phone ranks third.The post IDC: Android Extends Lead over iPhone in 2Q appeared first on W1Mobile.
Group: Apps Not Effective Tool for Teaching Babies - It's a common misconception that mobile apps for kids are more educational than entertaining. The Federal Trade Commission oppose the mobile app industry.The post Group: Apps Not Effective Tool for Teaching Babies appeared first on W1Mobile.
