Sony made a huge announcement this morning with the first Full Frame compact camera, the α7! Find out more about it, on the Blog at OR, just go straight to the pre-order page on our website to reserve yours, at
Sony made a huge announcement this morning with the first Full Frame compact camera, the α7! Find out more about it, on the Blog at OR, just go straight to the pre-order page on our website to reserve yours, at
It's a day late again (and again I blame those darn long weekends), but hey, here's another edition of Photo Monday on the Henry's Blog. As always, there's some incredible work in the post, so take some time to check it out at Oh, and make sure to submit your own photos for the next Photo Monday, going up Nov 4 - Mark (me) will be on vacation the next couple of weeks, so you'll have extra time to submit your best work for Photo Monday! (one more thing... there's a special edition of Photo Monday hitting the blog next Monday. Keep your eyes peeled!) Photo by Robert McKenzie
The latest post from our Ask the Expert blog section with Sigma Canada is up! In this one, Sigma Pro Photographer Kevin Pepper gives Chris from Winnipeg some advice on making the most of his trip by using creative long exposure techniques. Check out the answer, and submit your own (you could win a prize) at
Pentax fans, are you excited for the launch of the new K-3 DSLR?
Join us as we feature the Cotton Carrier Camera Vest system this weekend! Experience the superior comfort, security and freedom of this unique product. The Cotton Carrier Camera Vest system allows your camera to be easily accessible without the strain of traditional neck straps. The hands free mounting offers exceptional convenience, while providing the security you want for your gear. This is a product that you have to see to believe!
Announced today, the Nikon D610 is now available for preorder on our site. Get yours at
Woah! Monday already! Well, guess it means time for another #PhotoMonday on the Henry's Blog! Check out this latest batch of images from YOU, our community at Oh, and don't forget that you can submit your own + 500px images on the blog post too! Photo by Laurens Kaldeway
There used to be a day when the only people that rented photography gear were the professionals. Really, renting is for anyone who loves photography (or video). Find out more about the benefits of renting your gear at
The photos on #PhotoMonday , submitted by YOU, our community, just keep getting better! Have you seen this week's photos yet? Better yet, have you submitted your own? It's all happening at Photo by Guillaume Fournier Viau
Have you been in the newly redesigned downtown Toronto store yet? We've completely changed it up as part of the store's relaunch! Read more about it on the Blog at
Added photos to Henry's Queen and Church Grand Relaunching.
Whether you're shooting your first wedding, or have shot many before, how to prepare and what to bring is always important. Photographer Veronica Malinski helps out with some tips on getting ready for your (couple's) special day. See the article at
This week on Ask the Expert, a new feature we've started in partnership with Sigma Canada, one of our readers asks "Can you suggest my next lens? I'm more interested in people photography and at times, landscapes." Sigma Pro Photographer Younes Bounhar helps to answer this question at Think you can answer it yourself? Leave your answer in the comments on the Blog page and you'll be entered to win a Sigma lens!
We hope you'll join us as we unveil our exciting flagship store renovation on Saturday, October 5th. Whether you're an amateur or a professional, wanting to purchase or rent, Henry's, more than ever is the place to go. Our Grand Re-Opening promises to be a day of excitement: Introducing Henry's Rentals FREE Nighttime Photography Seminars from Henry's School of Imaging Door-crasher Specials Incredible Prizes Scott Kelby World Wide Photo Walk Much more... check back often! Be sure to visit this page often - we'll be updating with more exciting events, giveaways, and door-crasher specials! Introducing Henry's Rentals Rentals for every level of photography and videography. We are pleased to announce that our new Rentals department is up and running at Henry's, along with its own separate entrance at 85 Queen Street East. We offer products for all levels of photography and videography, and are happy to provide both pick up in-store at our Rentals department, as well as delivery service. Stop by to browse our wide selection of rental gear. FREE! Nighttime Photography Seminar Presented by Henry's School of Imaging Sponsored by Manfrotto Creative possibilities are abundant when photographing at night. In this free session, we'll show you how to effectively use the manual mode on your interchangeable lens camera to create beautiful night time images. No experience required, just the desire to create beautiful images of subjects at night. Date: Saturday, October 5 2013 Session Times: 2:15pm, 3:15pm, 4:15pm Duration of Seminars: 45 minutes Location: Main Floor School of Imaging Classroom, 119 Church Street No registration required, seating is limited. Attend the seminar and you could win! When you attend this free seminar, you will be entered for a chance to win a Manfrotto 190XPROB Tripod with 804RC2 Head Kit! Scott Kelby Worldwide Photo Walk Join us as we extend our grand opening celebration by taking part in Scott Kelby's Worldwide Photo Walk! We'll meet outside the Church St. doors at 3pm to depart on a walking tour of parts of Toronto. Heading through St. James park and St. Lawrence market, we're excited to have you join us and to capture some great images along the way. Registration required. Reps In-store from Top Brands We'll have representatives from some of our top brands in-store to answer your questions. Meet reps from Canon, Sony, Fuji, Olympus, Sigma, Manfrotto and more!
We're a proud sponsor of the 2013 Leave Out Violence Photo Contest.
While many say that it's a completely digital world, everyone agrees that there is nothing like holding a print in your hands. From simple snapshots to room filling enlargements, there is magic in a print not found anywhere else. We will show you that making great prints at home is easy and cost effective. In this seminar we'll use popular tools such as Lightroom and Epson inkjet printers to make images you'll be proud to share and display. Join Ross Chevalier, The Photo Video Guy to see how to simply process your own images in your digital darkroom and make amazing prints with speed and ease. You'll be surprised how simple it is to make your art into lasting and beautiful prints. Henry's is committed to helping you get more out of your photography.
WooHoo! #PhotoMonday is up on the Blog for this week, and there's some incredible photos in there! Check it out at Photo by + Lena Dawood
Have you had a chance to try out the Sigma 35mm F/1.4 yet? It's a new prime lens from Sigma Canada, and does it ever perform. Check out our quick review of it on the blog at
Join us in this guided tour of the Elgin & Winter Garden Theatre building where you will get to explore the facilities alongside one of our talented instructors. In this tour you will have the chance to capture all the glamour of both theatres, the grand staircase, and back stage areas including a fully furnished change room with items from the 1900's. This is a great opportunity to photography heritage site with nearly 100 years of history. The tour will include topics such as: - Photographing in low light - Using long exposures for ambient light - Close ups and Winde Shots of Architecture What To Bring To Class: - DSLR camera - Lenses: we recommend a wide zoom (i.e.: 18-55) and a telephoto (i.e.: 70-300) - Fully charged battery - Memory cards - Tripod (optional but highly recommended) - Time release (optional)
Focusing on composition and creativity, students are guided through lessening dependence on automatic shooting modes and seeing their subject differently. Camera modes will be explored with the ultimate goal of leveraging the creative capabilities of the camera. This course challenges the student to think 'outside the frame' and allows them to create unique photographic opportunities within the scenery of Port Credit, Mississauga. Prerequisites: Photography Concepts & Terminology Knowledge Course Outline: - Custom white balance to properly reproduce colors - Exposure compensation and bracketing - Applying composition rules - Close up & macro photography - Working with shutter speed, aperture and ISO to freeze action or convey motion - Creative use of natural light: exploring Metering Modes - Dealing with shadows in direct light - Choosing the right lens - Creative use of depth of field Who Should Attend? Individuals who would like to to explore taking photographs with the guidance of an instructor while learning how to think and shoot creatively. What To Bring To Class: - Your camera - Charged battery - Memory cards - Wide angle and a telephoto lenses, or a single lens with a zoom such as and 18mm-200mm lens MEETING LOCATION INFO: Students are to meet at Saddington Park in Port Credit off Lakeshore Blvd and Mississauga Rd S, Mississauga. Your instructor will then lead you for a walk (less than 1km) through Port Credit Harbour.
Focusing on composition and creativity, students are guided through lessening dependence on automatic shooting modes and seeing their subject differently. Camera modes will be explored with the ultimate goal of leveraging the creative capabilities of the camera. This course challenges the student to think 'outside the frame' and allows them to create unique photographic opportunities within the gorgeous scenery of Gatineau Provincial Park, Quebec. Prerequisites: Photography Concepts & Terminology Knowledge Course Outline: - Custom white balance to properly reproduce colors - Exposure compensation and bracketing - Applying composition rules - Close up & macro photography - Working with shutter speed, aperture and ISO to freeze action or convey motion - Creative use of natural light: exploring Metering Modes - Dealing with shadows in direct light - Choosing the right lens - Creative use of depth of field - Using accessories such as neutral density filters, circular polarizing filters, tripods, and shutter release cables Who Should Attend? Individuals who would like to to explore taking photographs with the guidance of an instructor while learning how to think and shoot creatively. What To Bring To Class: - Your camera - Charged battery - Memory cards - Wide angle and a telephoto lenses, or a single lens with a zoom such as and 18mm-200mm lens Highly recommended but not mandatory: - Macro Lens - Tripod - Shutter Release Cable - Circular Polarizing Filter/Neutral Density Filter MEETING LOCATION INFO: The meeting place will be in Gatineau Park, Quebec. A more specific meeting spot will be announced via email to the students who have signed up. You will get to explore great scenic lookout areas such as Pink Lake and old abandoned structures and waterfalls near Meech Lake. RAIN POLICY: In case of extreme weather, students will be contacted up to 2hrs prior to the start of the course and notified in case of a cancellation. Please check your email and phone messages for details about a potential cancellation before leaving for the class. Cancellation due to weather: - Prior to course start time: Customers will be given the option to rebook or refund their registration - After course start time up until half way through: Customers we be offered to rebook their course to the next available date - After course start time but later than half away through: Rebooking or Refunds will not be available if more than half of the allotted time for the course was covered.
What if every time you go out, you come back with a photo for your wall? You could be on the way to work, or going to the movies, or just going grocery shopping. You obviously need to have a camera on you, but most importantly you need to look at the familiar with a new eye. We'll be focusing on how to make your everyday life a photo session without any planning. I've been practically doing the same for years, and all you need is to be a keen tourist in your own town. We'll be walking around and trying to convert everyday familiar scenes to noteworthy photographs. Daily Dose of Imagery LIVE is presented by Sam Javanrouh. Sam Javanrouh is one of the most celebrated photobloggers worldwide. The son of a renowned Iranian Cinematographer, Sam left Tehran for Canada in 1999 to further his career. He started his photoblog 'Daily Dose of Imagery' ( www.ddoi.ca ) in 2003 posting a new photo everyday of his new home and his daily life. The site quickly gained media attention and has become one of the world's most popular photoblogs to visit. 'Daily Dose of Imagery' has won multiple international awards since its launch including Photobloggies' "Photoblog of the year" in 2005 and 2005 and Bloggies' "Best Photography of a weblog" in 2006. As a result, Sam's work has been featured in many local and international media including BBC, CBC Arts, Toronto Star, Globe and Mail, National Post and Spacing Magazine among others. The Daily Dose of Imagery Blog can be viewed at: Course Outline: Sam will take you through a pre-designated Toronto urban landscape route where the workshop will unfold. You will be shown many of the tips and techniques Sam uses to craft his award winning photo blog "Daily Dose of Imagery". Sam will point out the beauty in the ordinary and the commonplace. There is beauty and wonder in the urban landscape, and with the right guidance you too can learn to 'see creatively', as is often the key to capturing truly beautiful photographs. Who Should Attend? Enthusiastic photographers with a keen interest in growing their creative abilities with the guidance of one of today's premiere photography bloggers. What To Bring To Class: - Your camera and a lens (ideal to have a wide angle and a telephoto) - Memory cards - Charged battery You will be contacted prior to the course date with information regarding the chosen route for the workshop, meeting location and other details. RAIN POLICY: In case of extreme weather, students will be contacted up to 2hrs prior to the start of the course and notified in case of a cancellation. Please check your email and phone messages for details about a potential cancellation before leaving for the class. Cancellation due to weather: - Prior to course start time: Customers will be given the option to rebook or refund their registration - After course start time up until half way through: Customers we be offered to rebook their course to the next available date - After course start time but later than half away through: Rebooking or Refunds will not be available if more than half of the allotted time for the course was covered.
What if every time you go out, you come back with a photo for your wall? You could be on the way to work, or going to the movies, or just going grocery shopping. You obviously need to have a camera on you, but most importantly you need to look at the familiar with a new eye. We'll be focusing on how to make your everyday life a photo session without any planning. I've been practically doing the same for years, and all you need is to be a keen tourist in your own town. We'll be walking around and trying to convert everyday familiar scenes to noteworthy photographs. Daily Dose of Imagery LIVE is presented by Sam Javanrouh. Sam Javanrouh is one of the most celebrated photobloggers worldwide. The son of a renowned Iranian Cinematographer, Sam left Tehran for Canada in 1999 to further his career. He started his photoblog 'Daily Dose of Imagery' ( www.ddoi.ca ) in 2003 posting a new photo everyday of his new home and his daily life. The site quickly gained media attention and has become one of the world's most popular photoblogs to visit. 'Daily Dose of Imagery' has won multiple international awards since its launch including Photobloggies' "Photoblog of the year" in 2005 and 2005 and Bloggies' "Best Photography of a weblog" in 2006. As a result, Sam's work has been featured in many local and international media including BBC, CBC Arts, Toronto Star, Globe and Mail, National Post and Spacing Magazine among others. The Daily Dose of Imagery Blog can be viewed at: Course Outline: Sam will take you through a pre-designated Toronto urban landscape route where the workshop will unfold. You will be shown many of the tips and techniques Sam uses to craft his award winning photo blog "Daily Dose of Imagery". Sam will point out the beauty in the ordinary and the commonplace. There is beauty and wonder in the urban landscape, and with the right guidance you too can learn to 'see creatively', as is often the key to capturing truly beautiful photographs. Who Should Attend? Enthusiastic photographers with a keen interest in growing their creative abilities with the guidance of one of today's premiere photography bloggers. What To Bring To Class: - Your camera and a lens (ideal to have a wide angle and a telephoto) - Memory cards - Charged battery You will be contacted prior to the course date with information regarding the chosen route for the workshop, meeting location and other details. RAIN POLICY: In case of extreme weather, students will be contacted up to 2hrs prior to the start of the course and notified in case of a cancellation. Please check your email and phone messages for details about a potential cancellation before leaving for the class. Cancellation due to weather: - Prior to course start time: Customers will be given the option to rebook or refund their registration - After course start time up until half way through: Customers we be offered to rebook their course to the next available date - After course start time but later than half away through: Rebooking or Refunds will not be available if more than half of the allotted time for the course was covered.
What if every time you go out, you come back with a photo for your wall? You could be on the way to work, or going to the movies, or just going grocery shopping. You obviously need to have a camera on you, but most importantly you need to look at the familiar with a new eye. We'll be focusing on how to make your everyday life a photo session without any planning. I've been practically doing the same for years, and all you need is to be a keen tourist in your own town. We'll be walking around and trying to convert everyday familiar scenes to noteworthy photographs. Daily Dose of Imagery LIVE is presented by Sam Javanrouh. Sam Javanrouh is one of the most celebrated photobloggers worldwide. The son of a renowned Iranian Cinematographer, Sam left Tehran for Canada in 1999 to further his career. He started his photoblog 'Daily Dose of Imagery' ( www.ddoi.ca ) in 2003 posting a new photo everyday of his new home and his daily life. The site quickly gained media attention and has become one of the world's most popular photoblogs to visit. 'Daily Dose of Imagery' has won multiple international awards since its launch including Photobloggies' "Photoblog of the year" in 2005 and 2005 and Bloggies' "Best Photography of a weblog" in 2006. As a result, Sam's work has been featured in many local and international media including BBC, CBC Arts, Toronto Star, Globe and Mail, National Post and Spacing Magazine among others. The Daily Dose of Imagery Blog can be viewed at: Course Outline: Sam will take you through a pre-designated Toronto urban landscape route where the workshop will unfold. You will be shown many of the tips and techniques Sam uses to craft his award winning photo blog "Daily Dose of Imagery". Sam will point out the beauty in the ordinary and the commonplace. There is beauty and wonder in the urban landscape, and with the right guidance you too can learn to 'see creatively', as is often the key to capturing truly beautiful photographs. Who Should Attend? Enthusiastic photographers with a keen interest in growing their creative abilities with the guidance of one of today's premiere photography bloggers. What To Bring To Class: - Your camera and a lens (ideal to have a wide angle and a telephoto) - Memory cards - Charged battery You will be contacted prior to the course date with information regarding the chosen route for the workshop, meeting location and other details. RAIN POLICY: In case of extreme weather, students will be contacted up to 2hrs prior to the start of the course and notified in case of a cancellation. Please check your email and phone messages for details about a potential cancellation before leaving for the class. Cancellation due to weather: - Prior to course start time: Customers will be given the option to rebook or refund their registration - After course start time up until half way through: Customers we be offered to rebook their course to the next available date - After course start time but later than half away through: Rebooking or Refunds will not be available if more than half of the allotted time for the course was covered.
Get experience photographing TSO musicians in rehearsal and backstage! Some of the most beautiful and exciting locations for photography are often difficult to access, and one of the biggest challenges is capturing good photos in low light conditions. In this Behind the Scenes you'll get the exclusive opportunity to take pictures of Toronto Symphony Orchestra musicians in rehearsal in glorious Roy Thomson Hall, while learning how to overcome various issues. Plus you'll get exclusive backstage access to capture photos of select musicians with their instruments. A portion of the workshop fees will benefit the Toronto Symphony Youth Orchestra Course Outline: - Exposure basics for shooting in low light - Dealing with camera motion and stabilizing - Photographing subjects in motion - Composition and perspective: creating engaging images - Focusing on details: capturing close ups of artists and instruments Upcoming Session - October 9th 5:00pm to 9:00pm Breakdown: 4:45pm – 5:00pm - Participants arrive, have opportunity to chat with instructor and get settled 5:00pm – 6:00pm - Lesson 6:00pm – 6:15pm - Set up for portraits session in the South Lobby 6:15pm – 7:00pm - Take portrait photos of musicians. 7:00pm – 7:15 pm - Break 7:15pm – 7:30pm - Set up in the auditorium to take orchestra photos 7:30pm – 8:30pm - Participants take photos of the first half of rehearsal 8:30pm – 9:00pm – Wrap up, final questions for the instructor etc. *Timing depends on when the orchestra breaks. Who Should Attend? Individuals that are comfortable with their cameras and want to explore creative settings to take their photography skills to the next level. What To Bring To Class: - DSLR or Compact System Camera with manual shooting mode - Camera lenses – Wide Angle (18mm) and Telephoto (200mm at least) recommended - Fully charged battery - Memory Cards - Tripod (not mandatory) - Flash (not mandatory) - We recommend that you arrive by 4:45pm. Class begins promptly at 5pm. - Time lines may be modified at any time without prior notice. All register participants will be contacted in case of any changes
+ Blake Zimmerman The fee is $150 (on the School of Imagine page). Unfortunately the workshop has already sold out - I've listed it here in case registered attendees would like to publicly share any photos or comment. -Mark
There's always a good time to start learning, and right now, you can bring a friend! For a limited time, purchase a School of Imaging course and save 20% on your second course! Find the selection at
It's Monday! Yes, it's Monday... no one likes Mondays... But we do, because we get to share another #PhotoMonday post with you! Check it out at Photo by Jim Cumming
Here's a great time lapse put together all over Toronto. Such incredible sights!
And now for something new! We've just started an Ask the Expert feature on the Blog, with some help from Sigma Canada. Every two weeks, a Sigma Pro Photographer will be answering one of YOUR questions and we'll post it to the blog. If your question is answered, you could win a prize. We also encourage you to help answer the questions yourself in the comments on each blog post... and you could win yourself a Sigma lens! Everything you need to know is at
And now, another #PhotoMonday ! Check out some of the photos submitted by YOU, our community for this week's Photo Monday post on the blog: Photo by Judy Tomlinson
Join us for a seminar on the world of mirrorless cameras. We will highlight the difference between today's interchangeable lens mirrorless cameras and the traditional DSLR to help you learn why mirrorless could be exactly what you want in your next camera. Mirrorless, otherwise known as Compact System Cameras are the next generation of powerful photographic tools, bringing DSLR level control to a lightweight and easy to carry camera. Join Ross Chevalier, The Photo Video Guy, for a fact filled and fun conversation and demonstration of why mirrorless makes sense for your photographic future.
Admit it, you're probably already taking photos of your food... Yep, thought so. Well, our resident expert Ren has some tips for helping you improve your food photography. It's all at
So here's something new... Every Thursday, we'll be posting a new Time Lapse video to the Blog. There's lots of great ones out there, so we're doing our part to spread the word. Check it out at
Have you made the switch to the Fujifilm X system, and are looking for a little bit more focal length? Ren recently took the new 55-200mm F/3.5-4.8 out for a spin, and took note of his experiences. Check them out on the Blog at
Well, it's not quite Monday (darn you, long weekend), but it's time for another #PhotoMonday post! Check out the submissions this week at and use the form at the very bottom to submit your own! Photo by Laurens Kaldeway
Even down to the smallest creatures, fighting exists. Check out this interesting collection of photos of ants fighting amongst each other in the wild.
We had the opportunity to review the Vanguard Kinray 43 sling camera bag. This hiking-style bag is great for outdoor photographers or birders alike. PLUS, we convinced them to let us give one away! Check it out on the Blog at and enter to win your own!
The Ezee strap is a new type of strap that keeps stress off your back, shoulders, and neck while shooting. Check out our quick look on the Blog at
Every week, I'm always amazed by the amount and quality of the submissions we receive for #PhotoMonday ! Check out this week's photos on the Blog at and don't forget to submit your own! Photo by Daniel Parent
The latest on the Blog, Camila's recap of our Photo Adventure Tour to Peru. Check it out at
