Battle of the Android smartwatches kicks into high gear with the US release of the Sony SmartWatch 2.
#TechTips : Can you last a day on your computer without using your mouse? Here are some keyboard tips and tricks.
A little #love for the KO Mobile this week. Clean #car , clean #websitedesign
Another #birthday at KO Websites in the #bayarea
Battle of the Android smartwatches kicks into high gear with the US release of the Sony SmartWatch 2.
Happy Ada Lovelace Day! Today is a day for recognizing women in the STEM fields of science, technology, engineering, and mathematics.
Happy Ada Lovelace Day! She was born in 1815 and was a mathematician and the world's first computer programmer.
The holiday shopping season is quickly approaching. Are your products featured on your website?
Friday Fun: Check out this slick HTML5 website that features the Museum of Mario.
Part-time businesses and the internet go hand in hand: 54% of part-time business owners say they rely on the internet.
Did anyone else go to WordCamp this past year?
Can your potential customers easily find your phone number online? Don't lose out on business - make sure click to call is set up on your #website today. Call KO for help: 510-276-9902.
Delta pilots will soon be waving goodbye to paper books and maps, as the airline starts incorporating Surface 2 tablets.
The government shutdown is also having an impact on agencies' websites.
Did you try today's Google Doodle game? Our office high score was 170!
For 21% of US adult cell phone users, their phone is their main means of accessing the Internet. Is your #website #mobilefriendly yet?
Microsoft takes another stab at the #tablet market with the #Surface2 .
Soon you may no longer be forced to power off your electronic devices when you fly.
Whatever your business and #website project size, KO Websites makes it happen. Contact the best Bay Area #webdesign firm today: 510-276-9902
“The Bump team has demonstrated a strong ability to quickly build and develop products that users love, and we think they’ll be a great fit at Google,” said a Google spokesperson.
#Webdesign has come a long way since dancing gif backgrounds of the 1990s.
Wearable tech is getting more advanced with the battle of the smartwatches.
A #website is more than a place to post your phone number online. How do you define what a website is?
For the best in #BayArea #webdesign , call KO Websites: 510-276-9902
With the widespread use of smartphones and tablets come new rules for office etiquette.
In a big move in the world of mobile devices, Microsoft has announced it is buying Nokia.
Test your "geek" knowledge with this infographic.
#webdesign top tip: design a website that's going to deliver results, you need to know who you're targeting.
The system is used for research about networks and real-time connectivity data.
