Sony Xperia Z1 Sony launched their new Sony Xperia Z1 in Europe some while back, and now they have announced that the handset is launching in the US, along with the Sony Xperia Z Ultra and the new Sony SmartWatch 2 . The Sony Xperia Z1 is now available to pre-order ...
Android 4.4 KitKat Teased Again By Nestle Google has been tight-lipped about the release of Android 4.4, the latest iteration of its mobile and tablet operating system, ever since the company announced the new version . Recently however, the company has started teasing customers about Android 4.4...
Lenovo Miix2 Tablet with 8 Inch Display Launched Lenovo has launched the successor to the Miix tablet, the Miix2, at $299. The Lenovo Miix 2 will hit stores later this month; however, the Chinese major has not revealed the countries where the tablet will be available. The Lenovo Miix2 measures 215.4x131.6...
Ricoh Theta 360 degree wireless camera If you have been waiting for the new Ricoh Theta 360 degree wireless camera to arrive in stores will be pleased to learn that today it has launched worldwide and is now available to purchase for around $400. The new Ricoh Theta 360 degree camera has been de...
The new Kisai Quasar If you arelooking for a new wristwatch and for something a little different from the norm, you might be interested in a new wristwatch design unveiled by the Tokyoflash design team this week in the form of the new Kisai Quasar. The Kisai Quasar sports a hex...
Samsung Offering Free Batteries For Galaxy S4 Owners “We ask all affected customers to please visit their nearest Samsung Electronics service centre, where they can receive a replacement battery for free of charge. We remain committed to providing the best possible user experience for our customers.” Accordin...
Apple sends invitations for October 22 event, refreshed iPad lineup expected Apple sent out invitations on Tuesday to a special event on October 22 in San Francisco, revealing little about what is expected to be a day devoted to iPad updates. Emailed invitations bore few details other than time and place, and bore the message: "We s...
Logitech Z600 Bluetooth speakers with multi-pairing launched at Rs. 12,995 Logitech has launched the new Z600 Bluetooth speakers in India at a price of Rs. 12,995. The pair of wireless stereo speakers come in two different colour variants and can be paired with up to three devices at a time, enabling users to play audio from their...
Amazon Partners With HTC To Make Smartphones Amazon.com Inc is developing smartphones with HTC Corp, putting it in a position to compete with Apple Inc and Google Inc, the Financial Times reported. One device is already in an advanced stage of development, the paper reported, citing a source. Howeve...
Nexus 5 to Launch at $399 and Nexus 4 in production A report from Android Geek suggests that the alleged Nexus 5 might be priced at $399 for the 16GB model, while the 32GB model will come at $499. The report cites an anonymous source and claims that the reason behind this steep pricing of the rumored Nexus 5...
Android 4.4 KitKat Teased Again By Google In an attempt to build hype about Android 4.4 KitKat, the latest iteration of its mobile and tablet operating system, Google has released a teaser image that gives another glimpse of the Android KitKat logo. Google posted the image to its Google+ page, with...
GTA VI !!!!! Speaking to Develop Magazine, Rockstar North president Leslie Benzies revealed that the studio has “about 45 years worth of ideas” up its sleeve. Rockstar North have only just released Grand Theft Auto V , and are still struggling with problems for GTA Onl...
Microsoft unveils third Windows Phone 8 update with large display support, more Microsoft has at last announced the much-anticipated third update for Windows Phone 8. The company also mentions that the new update will be rolled out in the coming weeks and will be continuing for some months depending on the carrier and phone models. But...
Apple working on 12-inch MacBook, cheaper iMac for 2014: Report Apple could be working on a slew of new products including a brand new 12-inch MacBook with a Retina display, if analyst Ming-Chi Kuo of KGI Securities is to be believed. Kuo, who's had a decent record when it comes to Apple related predictions, has menti...
Josh Fortune Square budget Android smartphone launched at Rs. 2,999 Josh Mobile has launched the new Fortune Square smartphone for Rs. 2,999, which is the company's cheapest Android phone offering. The Josh Fortune Square comes with a 3.5-inch display with 320x480 pixels resolution and is powered by a 1GHz processor (unspec...
Pokemon X And Y Sells 2 Million Copies In 2 Days Ok guys, we all have played those GBA pokemon games and we all know how awesome they are, whether we have played it on a Nintendo or a cell phone or on the PC and you all want to play X and Y no matter how much you convince yourself saying that you are not ...
Sony Xperia Z1 Sony launched their new Sony Xperia Z1 in Europe some while back, and now they have announced that the handset is launching in the US, along with the Sony Xperia Z Ultra and the new Sony SmartWatch 2 . The Sony Xperia Z1 is now available to pre-order ...
HTC One Max with Fingerprint Scanner and Full-HD Display Turns Official HTC's much-anticipated One Max phablet is now official, even ahead of the event scheduled for October 16 in Hong Kong . It comes with 5.9-inch full-HD LCD display and runs Android 4.3 Jelly Bean out of the box with HTC's Sense 5.5 UI on top. The new phab...
Android 4.4 KitKat Spotted Again in Detailed Leaked Images Multiple screenshots from a Nexus 7 (2013) tablet reportedly running Android 4.4 KitKat have surfaced online. The latest set of purported Android 4.4 KitKat screenshots comes courtesy ZDNet which reveals the Android version running on the tablet as 'Key Lim...
Rumored Nexus 5 Spotted in New Leaked Images Revealing the Side and the Rear Panels The rumored Nexus 5 has been leaked again in new purported images revealing the rear and sides of the device. The new set of images, which come courtesy of Anton Kuznetsov, a Google+ user, are of slightly lower resolution than the previous leaked images, bu...
Nokia Lumia 1520 Specifications Leaked Ahead of Official Launch Just few days ahead of its expected official launch, the full specifications for Nokia's rumored Windows Phone 8 phablet, the Lumia 1520, have supposedly been revealed. If the leaked details about the alleged Lumia 1520 are accurate, it will confirm the det...
Google Gem Smartwatch with Google Now Google , following the lead of Sony and Samsung, seems all set to launch a smartwatch alongside the Android 4.4 KitKat platform and the rumored new Nexus smartphone on October 31, if a new report is to be believed. 9to5google reports that the search engine ...
Nexus 5 Image Leaked, Shows Camera and Styling The much-anticipated successor to the Nexus 4 has made another appearance on the Internet. The latest leaked image comes courtesy Spigen, a case-maker that has posted an image of the expected Nexus 5, revealing the rear panel. Spigen has posted the image to...
Samsung Galaxy S5 to Launch in January 2014 A new report by Korean website, Naver, predicts that Samsung will also refresh its flagship smartphone offering sooner than expected. The report suggests that Samsung is preparing to launch the Galaxy S5 smartphone in January due to disappointing Galax...
LG G Flex Curved Screen Smartphone Leaked in Press Render After announcing that it has started production of curved smartphone displays, LG's rumored 'G Flex' curved display smartphone has now surfaced online in the form of press renders. Alleged press renders of LG's new 'G Flex' phone have appeared on Engadg...
Rumor: Nokia and HTC Working on Dual-SIM Windows Phone Handsets There’s no denying that dual-SIM smartphones are popular in certain parts of the world – especially China. These smartphones may not be very popular in the US, but they have strong demand in developing countries. We have heard rumors about dual-SIM WP8 h...
Apple Expected to Launch a Redesigned Macbook Air in 2014 Apple introduced new Macbook Air at WWDC earlier this year. The tablet came in two versions: 11.6-inch and 13.3-inch with Intel’s Haswell processors. A new report suggests that Apple may introduce a redesigned Macbook Air with Retina display in 2014 along w...
Nokia Lumia 2520 Leaks in Cyan Color Nokia Lumia 2520 has seen its fair share of rumors. It was rumored that the tablet will make an appearance on Verizon in October. Recently, Nokia also posted another teaser of its upcoming Nokia World event on October 22nd where the Finns are expected to un...
Android 4.4 Screenshots Leaked Below are some of the leaked screenshots of Android 4.4 KitKat.
Google To Make Tablet Optimized Apps More Visible in Google Play Store Starting 21st November Finding apps optimized for tablets in the Google Play Store can be a hassle as it doesn’t show them in a way App Store does for the iPads. However, it seems everything is about to change as Google announced on the Android Developers Blog that it will make c...
Sony to Focus on Japan and Europe for Smartphone Sales, not US Sony is becoming a popular name in the Android world, but the company has yet to make its mark in the US, one of the largest smartphone markets in the world. Sony unveiled a number of popular handsets in the past including Sony Xperia Z, Xperia Z Ultra and ...
Verizon Samsung Galaxy S4 Mini Render Leaked After dropping the image of T-Mobile Sony Xperia Z1 and Galaxy S4 Mini for Sprint and AT&T , the notorious leakster @evleaks posted another image, and this time, it’s Verizon Samsung Galaxy S4 Mini. But, how do we know? Well, it’s pretty obvious, just ...
Sony Xperia Z1 f with 20.7 megapixel camera unveiled Sony has finally taken the wraps off its latest smartphone, the Xperia Z1 f which is a mini-variant of the flagship smartphone, the Xperia Z1 . The device has been introduced under Japanese operator NTT DoCoMo's winter smartphone line-up, and is expected t...
iPad 5 Spotted in High Resolution Leaked Images Sonny Dickson, the Australian teen who made a name for himself by repeatedly leaking images of Apple's iPhone 5s before its release, has posted a series of high-resolution images of Apple's upcoming tablet. The fifth-generation iPad can be seen in what are ...
Samsung Galaxy J Unveiled Samsung has taken off covers from its new Galaxy J, believed to be a Galaxy S4 smartphone variant for Japan. The new Galaxy device will be heading to NTT DoCoMo as a part of Japanese operator's winter smartphone line-up. The Samsung Galaxy J is expected t...
Samsung Galaxy S4 Active LTE Version Surfaces Online It looks like Samsung is planning to introduce a Snapdragon 800, LTE-Advanced version of the Galaxy S4 Active, the ruggedised (water and dust resistant) version of the company's flagship smartphone, the Galaxy S4. The documents suggest that the Galaxy S4 Ac...
Leaked Knox Document Shows Android 4.4 Upgrade for Samsung Phones A new report has revealed that the Android 4.4 KitKat firmware update for Samsung Galaxy S4 mini, Galaxy Mega 5.8 and Mega 6.3 might be rolled out soon. Sammobile has obtained an image of the internal document for Samsung's security suite, Knox, that allege...
