The government doesn't build roads. Private contractors do. She's making the assumption that with out government we wouldn't have roads. We had roads long before the state started collecting taxes to have it done. Lets assume we stopped collecting taxes for roads. We would still have roads due to market demand. Granted most of them will probably be toll roads but in either scenario we're still paying for them. At least with toll roads we have some decision in which ones we pay for. We'd be paying for the roads we use the most. "You hired workers the rest of us paid to educate." Another assumption, that every one went to a public school while ignoring everyone who's been home schooled or went to a private school. Public schools are nothing more than statist, indoctrination camps for children. Kids are being conditioned to be mindless, unquestioning slaves to authority. To not step out of line, not think for them selves. The creators of the public school system about a century or two ago wanted workers in their plants smart enough to do the job but dumb enough not to think for them selves or question authority. "safe in your factory because of police forces and fire forces" I didn't realize that company's hired local police to work at their factories. Last I checked, most companies hired private security companies to guard their private property. In most situations the police aren't going to protect you. By the time they show up to the scene of the crime, the crime has already been committed. Cops are glorified clean up crews. You want protection, than learn self defense. Most human beings want to live in peace. Any security people demand can be provided for on the free market. As for fire departments, depending on where you live most of them are volunteer fire departments. "You didn't have to worry that marauding bands would come and seize everything at your factory..." Actually we do. They're called the IRS. They're a legalized version of the Mafia. They threaten to kidnap us and throw us behind steel cages if we don't pay for their "protection" services. Government has a monopoly on force. That's all they're good at.
