The argument is founded on the assumption that the citizenry should be undyingly grateful to father government for benevolently providing for their needs, without which they would never have achieved so much. The premise is simply wrong. First and foremost, the roads are already bought and paid for. They are an infrastructural feature which was paid for with the taxes of the people (a questionably just model) and I note that the producers (such as those who build factories) pay a much greater amount into those roads because they make more. The maintenance of the roads is bought and paid for with more of those taxes. To argue that we should be eternally indebted to the government for providing these roads which provide continuing value is like arguing that we should be eternally indebted to the construction workers who built the factory in the first place. It was a contract. It is paid for. End of story. Even so, the factory owner does continue paying his taxes, so what are we complaining about? Second, as + Nathaniel Dube points out, the government didn't provide any of this. All the government did was reap taxes from the public, take a little off the top for themselves, and decide where the rest goes. If they weren't doing it, then the people would get it done anyways, and it would be cheaper because we'd be cutting out the middle man. Oh, and Obama did say "you didn't build that". That did not come from the GOP.
+ Marcus Schuff Agreed, but let's give credit where it is due. The two wolves and a lamb quote is from Benjamin Franklin. + Douglas Boehme That comment has no value; it merely sabotages the credibility of those of us who disagree with her.
+ Paul Pennell As to this most recent financial crash, I would note that the government was setting the rules for who could get mortgages, not the banks. Due to government pressure, banks were not permitted to deny bad loans that they would never have made on their own. Banks like making money, see, and economic recessions are bad for making money, so banks by nature will avoid them. The Clintons actually had some boasts on their website before the crash hit, bragging about how they had succeeded in helping the lower class by getting them accepted for loans they had no hope or dream of paying. That quote was removed after the crash, to pave the way for their propaganda campaign that the greedy corporations had preyed on the poor unsuspecting lower classes, saddling them with debts that they couldn't pay. Apparently that propaganda was fairly successful in masking the truth, since there's still so much misinformation out there. + David Huff don't give him so much credit. That's not an ad hominem attack, it's pure name-calling, which ranks even lower (the dead bottom) in the hierarchy of disagreement.
+ Paul Pennell Please forgive me if I don't take you at your word simply because you work at a bank. I imagine you were more concerned with doing your daily job than analyzing the laws and politics involved in lending policies, unless that was your daily job, but I think it was not, or you would be more aware of what was going on. Found after about two seconds of Googling: A quick overview; not a whole lot of info here, but enough to get the gist: Much, much more info:
+ David Huff Oh, that's OK. Bad argumentation happens on both sides of the issue. Surely you meant to call out those who name-call for your side as well as those who name-call against.
+ Paul Pennell Oh, certainly. We should take the word of an individual on a social network who makes a claim with his sole credibility being that he "work[s] in the banking industry" over the publications of a fortune 500 company in the finance industry and a very well-sourced and thoroughly documented publication by an individual on his blog.
+ Paul Pennell OK, well here's the thing. This is the point in the debate where you have to point out why my sources are invalid and provide evidence of your own. I'm afraid that "It's not true, it's all a lie!" doesn't cut it. Your claim that larger banks "thought they could get away with it" is unsubstantiated, and it contradicts your position anyways. Why did they think they could get away with it? They figured they were big enough to absorb the hit when the loans collapsed? If so, they knew the loans would collapse, which means they wouldn't have taken them in the first place because they want to make money, not lose it when bad loans default. If there's one thing I can trust a bank to do, it's to try to make money. Banks make money by making loans and later collecting interest. Banks lose money by making loans that later default. The only reason to make a loan that has a high probability of defaulting is because of outside pressure, and if that happens, then the bank will want to sell that bad mortgage off as soon as possible, so it's going to sell to whoever will buy it (more likely a big bank than a small one, or alternatively, a GSE). Oh look... that's what happened.
