Sony Partners With Twitch.tv Today - Much unlike Nintendo, Sony are clearly willing to embrace the new world of livestreaming video games. Today, and for today only, they have partnered up (read: given a lot of money to) with Twitch.tv, and all broadcasts will be going out ad-free between 9AM PST and 9PM PST. Well, that’s mostly true, as there will [read more](Visited 12 times, 12 visits today)The post Sony Partners With Twitch.tv Today appeared first on Twinfinite: Vi...
"The Last of Us Has Ruined Games for Me" - “The Last of Us has ruined games for me” My roommate uttered that as he finished Uncharted 3: Drake's Deception, let’s call him Zack. After finishing a brilliant game such as The Last of Us, it's hard to follow that up with just any game. Now, I have my own quibbles about Uncharted 3 and am pretty very [read more](Visited 47 times, 38 visits today)The post "The Last of Us Has Ruined Games for Me" appeared first on Twinfinite: ...
Games With Gold Program "Ongoing" - Sony has garnered a substantial amount of goodwill with PlayStation Plus since it began, and Microsoft, slowly but surely, followed suit announcing their own Games with Gold program during E3 this year. The program was initially announced as a limited-time offer to thank Xbox Live Gold members. Today, through their Xbox Wire Microsoft announced that the [read more](Visited 12 times, 12 visits today)The post Games With Gold Program "O...
The Stanley Parable Review C'est N'est Pas Un Review - What is the Stanley Parable? It's a question I left PAX wondering to myself, and it's a question that I still have after beating the game. And yet, I don't mean that question in either a literal or philosophical sense- if that makes any sense. Literally, it's a first-person narrative driven "adventure" game, to the [read more](Visited 3 times, 3 visits today)The post The Stanley Parable Review C'est N'est Pas Un ...
Twinfinight We can't play Minecraft to save our lives - It started out like any other day in Minecraft land. The cows were mooing, the pigs were oinking, and the miners were crafting. Unfortunately for us, this would not be just any other day. Things go downhill quickly on our first day as we attempt to build a simple shelter and survive the harsh night. [read more](Visited 18 times, 18 visits today)The post Twinfinight We can't play Minecraft to save our lives appea...
GTA Online Diaries: Stupid Fun with Friends - Everyone knows about Grand Theft Auto Online's shaky launch, but I'm here to talk about the fun I've been having with it since actually being able to login with all my buddies and take to the streets of Los Santos together. Rockstar's games, especially the GTA series, always grab my attention for a much more extended period of [read more](Visited 14 times, 14 visits today)The post GTA Online Diaries: Stupid Fun with Friends...
How to Make Beyond: Two Souls a Good Game Gaming Happens - I'm not saying it was terrible, but Beyond: Two Souls definitely wasn't good. I'd say forgettable is the right word. So I decided to make it my mission on Gaming Happens this week to explain ways that Beyond could have been a great game. I wanted to ensure nothing like this ever happens again. Ever. Beyonce: Two Souls, [read more](Visited 11 times, 11 visits today)The post How to Make Beyond: Two Souls a Good ...
Let's Call It A Comeback Reviving Dormant Series - Each one of us has felt the loss that comes with a loved game series dying out on us. A lack of sales, favorable reviews, or even just interest can all play a roll in getting a series put out to pasture, rarely, if ever, heard from again. While some series are better off going [read more](Visited 22 times, 22 visits today)The post Let's Call It A Comeback Reviving Dormant Series appeared first on Twinfinite: Video ga...
DRIVECLUB Delayed - First, the Watch Dogs delay, and now DRIVECLUB. Launch games are having a less than stellar week. Today, Shuhei Yoshida, President of SCE Worldwide Studios, took to the Playstation blog announcing that DRIVECLUB will be delayed until early 2014. Reasons for the delay you ask? Well, Shuhei had the typical PR response: SCE Worldwide Studios and the team at Evolution Studios have made the [read more](Visited 14 times, 14 visits today)The post DRIVECLUB...
Holy TV Spot Batman - One of the first games to kick off this holiday season is Warner Bros. Interactive Entertainment's Batman ™ : Arkham Origins. The new game by Warner Bros. Montreal studio will be putting players in the shoes of Bruce Wayne as he ascends into the role of Gotham's Dark Knight. With its October 25th release date steadily approaching Warner [read more](Visited 5 times, 5 visits today)The post Holy TV Spot Batman appeared first on Twinfinite: Video gam...
Rockstar Serves Up Some Patch Medicine - Rockstar promised a patch for the buggy, mess that is Grand Theft Auto V: Online about a week ago, and today they kept good on that promise. A required title update is available for both PS3 and Xbox 360. If' you're still playing GTA V: Online, and have not moved on to the new hotness that is Pokémon Y, you can [read more](Visited 1 times, 1 visits today)The post Rockstar Serves Up Some Patch Medicine appeared first on Twinfinit...
iOS Gets First Ever FTP D&D Title - Acronyms! Just today, Wizards of the Coast announced that iPhones, iPads, and iPod Touches will be getting the first ever free to play Dungeons & Dragons title. Titled Arena of War, the turn-based RPG sends you through the Forgotten Realms to do what you do best. Veterans of the popular franchise will find all the lore and riches they have [read more](Visited 1 times, 1 visits today)The post iOS Gets First Ever FTP D&D Title appeared...
South Park: The Stick Of Truth Gets Even Better - One of my most anticipated games of this year (besides Beyond: Tow Souls) is without a doubt, the new South Park RPG being developed by Obsidian and South Park Studios. Everything about it has my full attention, from the Mario RPG-esque battle system to the trademark humor the controversial and award-winning TV series is known for. Ubisoft [read more](Visited 6 times, 6 visits today)The post South Park: The Stick Of Tru...
Tropico 4 Apocalypse DLC Is Adorable - Nobody can deny the impact Tropico has had on the whole management genre. Playing as El Presidente and turning your little block of land into whatever you want. It has enjoyed success enough to spawn three sequels and now the latest in the franchise is getting downloadable goodness. Titled Apocalypse, the newest addition to Tropico 4 has players doing [read more](Visited 3 times, 3 visits today)The post Tropico 4 Apocalypse DLC Is...
Buy Ratchet & Clank: Into the Nexus, Get Quest for Booty Free
Twinfinite is two! CRAZY! - Holy snapsh, where does the time go? Apparently, away, because it's been two years since I started Twinfinite. I wanted to make a special video recounting the past year. Let me tell you a little story about how Twinfinite came to be. Most of all, though, I just wanted to give my sincere thanks to [read more](Visited 25 times, 25 visits today)The post Twinfinite is two! CRAZY! appeared first on Twinfinite: Video game news, reviews, opinions, ...
Diablo III: Reaper of Souls Heading to PS4, Playable at BlizzCon
inFamous: Second Son Limited and Collector Editions Detailed
Zynga Co-Founder Moves On - Zynga has been a social gaming powerhouse since launching their first title over six years ago, with massive hits such as FarmVille and Words With Friends, and this year has brought multiple changes from within the company. In July, Don Mattrick, known for his work at both EA and Microsoft, took over as Zynga's new CEO. It looks [read more](Visited 1 times, 1 visits today)The post Zynga Co-Founder Moves On appeared first on Twinfinite: Video...
OMG HD Zombies Hitting The Vita - Laughing Jackal, developers behind one of the top-scoring PSP games on Metacritic, OMG Zombies is releasing a full-fledged HD upgrade to Sony's latest handheld. the gameplay stays true to the OG version, with shooting zombies, exploding heads, chain reactions, and power-ups, but now there's more. With completely redrawn graphics to scale with the Vita's native resolution, [read more](Visited 3 times, 3 visits today)The post OMG HD Zomb...
Twinfinite On The Go - Hello, everyone! Mona here to introduce a new YouTube series that I will be doing every Wednesday (with the exception of today) called Twinfinite On The Go! You read it right, on the go! We will be going out into the real unsheltered world to talk to people and ask them their opinions on any [read more](Visited 3 times, 3 visits today)The post Twinfinite On The Go appeared first on Twinfinite: Video game news, reviews, opinions, and community..
Full Bore: The First Dig Review - I had first heard about Full Bore through it's successful Kickstarter campaign. The low dollar amount plus its developer, who cut his teeth with Arc System Works, really turned this into one of those titles to watch coming down the pipeline. Well the pipeline is here and we get to see what this small team [read more](Visited 5 times, 5 visits today)The post Full Bore: The First Dig Review appeared first on Twinfinite: Video game news, ...
Hulu Plus Now Available on the 3DS - Popular video streaming app, Hulu Plus, is now available for download and use on the Nintendo 3DS. The app went live this morning, and those of you who already have accounts and get straight into using it, and those without can give the service a try with a free one-week trial. The app comes years [read more](Visited 1 times, 1 visits today)The post Hulu Plus Now Available on the 3DS appeared first on Twinfinite: Video game news, r...
Ikaruga Greenlit for Steam, Some Hope for Humanity Yet - Last month, fan-favorite shmup, Ikaruga, silently went up on Steam Greenlight. Fans of the game were baffled as to why such a fantastically solid shooter from a relatively prolific developer, Treasure, had to go through these avenues just to see release on Steam. Either way, all fans knew was that the game needed to be voted [read more](Visited 1 times, 1 visits today)The post Ikaruga Greenlit for Steam, Some H...
Boogerman Team Takes to Kickstarter for 20th Anniversary - Boogerman (Sega Genesis) creators Mike Stragey and Chris Tremmel have taken to Kickstarter to fund a 20th-anniversary HD reboot of the franchise for PS4, PS Vita, and Wii U consoles, as well as PC and Mac platforms. The game would be an all-new adventure featuring the most vile superhero to flatulently burst onto the video game [read more](Visited 10 times, 10 visits today)The post Boogerman Team Takes to Kicks...
Payday 2 Demo And Pre-Order DLC Available Today - If you didn't pre-order Payday 2 and want to get your hands on the bonuses that came with the pre-orders, this is for you. Developer Overkill is releasing the Lootbag DLC today for both PS3 and Xbox 360 for $4.99. The DLC includes: Military red dot weapon sight available for use on all rifles and [read more](Visited 4 times, 4 visits today)The post Payday 2 Demo And Pre-Order DLC Available Today appeared first on Twinfi...
November Second is Soda Saturday - Snowrunner Productions has declared Nov 2nd, 2013 to be "Soda Saturday", in correlation with the public full-version release of their bizarre cult-hit simulator Soda Drinker Pro (PC), featuring a fully-stocked beverage-fountain of new simulation locations, Oculus Rift support (for a truly immersive soda-drinking experience). Soda Drinker Pro is the first of what is sure to be [read more](Visited 12 times, 12 visits today)The post Nove...
New Contrast Trailer And Pre-Order Bonuses Revealed - When our very own Matthew Kim got a chance to play Contrast at PAX Prime, he spoke glowingly of it. Today, developer Compulsion Games released a new trailer highlighting a track from the soundtrack, House on Fire performed by jazz singer Laura Ellis. Another bit of news about the game released today was that PC gamers [read more](Visited 3 times, 3 visits today)The post New Contrast Trailer And Pre-Order Bonuses Re...
Cosmic Star Heroine Funded on Kickstarter - There's a lot of fun to be had in the shiny new 3D RPG worlds we're exposed to on a regular basis these days. But do you ever long for the likes of Chrono Trigger and the original Phantasy Star? California-based Zeboyd games (studio behind Cthulu Saves the World) recently funded their Kickstarter project Cosmic Star Heroine which they promise will bring players [read more](Visited 1 times, 1 visits today)The post Cosmic Star ...
Disappointing Sales for Splinter Cell, Rayman - With the recently announced delay of Ubisoft's Watch_Dogs, the company has lowered their expectations for the future after an already disappointing fiscal year. Both Splinter Cell: Blacklist and Rayman Legends underperformed at market, though to exactly what degree was rather unclear. After reevaluating their expectations in order to account for losses, Ubisoft changed their predicted earnings from $1.94 billion to [read ...
Preorder for PS4 Games Now Available Through PS3 - Another console generation means another barrage of things to preorder. If you're sitting there with your consoles paid off, still itching for another preorder fix, Sony may have just solved all of your problems (well, maybe not the whole compulsive buying thing). Sony recently announced that PlayStation 4 titles are going to be available for [read more](Visited 1 times, 1 visits today)The post Preorder for PS4 Games N...
Halo 3 Now Free For Xbox Live Gold Members - Starting today, Halo 3 is free to download for Xbox Live Gold members. Halo 3, along with Might & Magic: Clash of Heroes, are the latest free games offered via Microsoft's Games With Gold program, which has been putting out 2 free games a month from this past July through December 2013. While I personally [read more](Visited 1 times, 1 visits today)The post Halo 3 Now Free For Xbox Live Gold Members appeared first on Twinfin...
Borderlands 2 First Headhunter Pack Gets Release Date - Gearbox Software has announced that the first of several "Headhunter Packs" for Borderlands 2, TK Baha's Bloody Harvest, will release next Tuesday, October 22. This add-on pack, available for $2.99 via Steam, PSN, and Xbox Live will pit the players against hordes of zombies and other ghoulish monsters for the familiar T. K. Baha from the [read more](Visited 15 times, 15 visits today)The post Borderlands 2 First He...
Next-Gen Gamers New Super Luigi U - Next-Gen Gamers is a feature where I explore the world of gaming from the eyes of my kids – literally the next generation of gamers, raised in a house that promotes playing together and sharing our time! It’ll look at games that appeal to kids more than adults, as well as those that are great [read more](Visited 13 times, 13 visits today)The post Next-Gen Gamers New Super Luigi U appeared first on Twinfinite: Video game news, revie...
Why I Love Game Dev Tycoon - Hello, hello, hello, lovelies. I'm back to discuss yet another game that I frigging love currently and think you might love, too, if you just gave it a chance! This time, I tackle ten reasons why you should play Game Dev Tycoon, the ultra amazing management sim indie game extraordinaire (I know, such a long title for [read more](Visited 31 times, 31 visits today)The post Why I Love Game Dev Tycoon appeared first on Twinfinite: Video game ne...
Panzer General Online Enters Closed Beta - In anticipation of its full release, Ubisoft has launched a closed beta for its upcoming free-to-play Panzer General Online. This game is a browser-based, tactical tank combat title set in the World War II era. This new iteration also contains a card trading system which will allow players to customize units and fight a land [read more](Visited 2 times, 2 visits today)The post Panzer General Online Enters Closed Beta appeared ...
Harvest BOOM Professional Farmer 2014 Announced - Get ready for some EXTREME farming. Simulation game developer UIG has just announced Professional Farmer 2014, set to be released by the end of November 2013. According to UIG's press release, this game will RIP IT UP with features such as a detailed career mode, seasonal shifts, and multiplayer deathmatch realistic visuals and mechanics. This [read more](Visited 13 times, 13 visits today)The post Harvest BOOM Profess...
Sony Partners With Twitch.tv Today - Much unlike Nintendo, Sony are clearly willing to embrace the new world of livestreaming video games. Today, and for today only, they have partnered up (read: given a lot of money to) with Twitch.tv, and all broadcasts will be going out ad-free between 9AM PST and 9PM PST. Well, that’s mostly true, as there will [read more](Visited 12 times, 12 visits today)The post Sony Partners With Twitch.tv Today appeared first on Twinfinite: Vi...
