The Sony #XperiaZ1 #XperiaZUltra and the #SmartWatch2 are headed to the U.S.
The Maxthon Cloud Web Browser is now available on the Windows Phone platform
#Facebook for #iOS has been updated to version 6.6 with comment editing, photo comments and more
Dell Venue 8 Pro The Dell Venue 8 Pro is the Windows running sibling for the Dell Venue 8 . The device features an 8 inch display, 32GB of internal storage, a 5 megapixel camera, a secondary 1.2 megapixel camera for video calls and is powered by a quad-core Intel Atom proce...
Dell Venue 8 The Dell Venue 8 is a tablet which runs Android 4.2 Jelly Bean . The device features an 8 inch touch display, 16GB of internal storage, and is powered by an Intel dual-core Atom processor with 2GB of RAM. The full Dell Venue 8 specifications follow: (Comi...
Dell Venue 7 The Dell Venue 7 is an affordable tablet which runs Android 4.2 Jelly Bean . The device features a 7 inch display, 16GB of internal storage and is powered by an Intel Atom processor with 2GB of RAM. The full Dell Venue 7 specifications follow: (Coming Soon)
HP Chromebook 11 The HP Chromebook 11 is a portable laptop which runs Google's Chrome OS. The device features a 11.6 inch display, 16GB of internal storage, and is powered by a Samsung Exynos 5 Dual processor. The full HP Chromebook 11 specifications follow: Announced - Re...
HP Split x2 The HP Split x2 is a Windows 8 tablet with an attachable keyboard dock. The device features a 13.3 inch touch display, up to 500GB of internal storage and is powered by a 4th generation Intel Core i series processor with up to 8GB of RAM. The full HP Split...
HP ENVY Quad LEAP The HP ENVY 17 Quad LEAP is a laptop which runs Windows 8.1. The device features a 17.3 inch full HD touch display, up to 2TB of internal storage, optional NVIDIA GeForce GT 740M graphics and a 4th generation Intel Core series processor with up to 16GB of ...
HP ENVY Recline The HP ENVY Recline is a All-in-one which runs Windows 8.1. The device features a 23 inch full HD touch display, up to 1TB of internal storage, NVidia GeForce GT730A graphics and is powered by a 4th generation Intel Core i Series processor with up-to 16 GB ...
Check out these new coupons for + Android and #Windows tablets from + Dell
The Windows 8.1 update is now available as a #FREE download for Windows 8 users.. Find out all you need to know about the update including how to download it today
#Facebook for #Android version 3.8 beta has received yet another update... Find out what's new
+ T-Mobile has introduced the Alcatel #OneTouchEvolve #OneTouchFierce and the Samsung #GalaxyLight to its device lineup
Samsung Galaxy Light The Samsung Galaxy Light is a mid-range smartphone which runs Android 4.2 Jelly Bean . The Galaxy Light specs include a 4 inch touch display, 8GB of internal storage which can be expanded through microSD, a 5 megapixel rear camera, a secondary 0.3 megapixe...
Alcatel One Touch Fierce The Alcatel One Touch Fierce is a mid-range smartphone which runs Android 4.2 Jelly Bean . The One Touch Fierce specs include a 4.5 inch touch display, 4GB of internal storage which can be expanded through microSD, a 5 megapixel camera capable of 720p HD v...
Alcatel One Touch Evolve The Alcatel One Touch Evolve is an entry level smartphone which runs Android 4.1 Jelly Bean . The One Touch Evolve specs include a 4 inch display, 4GB of internal storage which can be expanded through microSD, a 5 megapixel camera and a 1GHz single-core Me...
Check out this detailed video comparison between the Samsung #GalaxyNote3 and the Samsung #galaxynote2
Check out this detailed video comparison between the Samsung #GalaxyNote3 and the Samsung #GalaxyS4
Check out this detailed video comparison between the Apple #iPhone5c and the Samsung #GalaxyS4
Check out our detailed review of the + Nokia #Lumia521 the + T-Mobile variant of the #Lumia50
How to fix a bricked Lumia Windows Phone using Nokia Software Updater for Retail
Wondering how to take a screenshot on your Mac? There are several keyboard combinations that can be used to take screenshots in your iMac, Mac mini, Mac Pro, MacBook Air or MacBook Pro running OS X
The Fresh Paint for Windows Phone app has been updated to version 1.0.3282.1 which several new features and improvements, including a new pencil, SkyDrive integration and Front-facing camera support
Angry Birds Go is coming to #Android #iOS #WindowsPhone and #BlackBerry on December 11... Check out the trailer and stay tuned for more
The Sony #XperiaZ1 #XperiaZUltra and the #SmartWatch2 are headed to the U.S.
Nokia has scheduled Nokia World 2013 for October 22 in Abu Dhabi and we know its time for some new announcements from the company. Several rumors and reports which have been circulating over the last few days expect plenty of firsts from Nokia during the event. - See more at: Stay tuned for our #InnovationReinvented coverage
Apple has scheduled an event for October 22, where the company is expected to unveil their iPad 5 and iPad mini 2. Stay tuned for our coverage
The Facebook 3.8 beta for Android has received its third update, with several bug fixes and performance improvements. Make sure you are running the latest beta for the best experience.
The Preview for Developers app for Windows Phone 8 allows you to get early access to pre-release builds of #WP8
Microsoft has revealed the new features which will be available with Windows Phone Updated 3 #GDR3 Here is all you need to know
Here's all you need to know about the brand new #HTCOneMax
HTC One Max The HTC One Max is a phablet which joins the One Series alongside the HTC One and the HTC One mini . The HTC One Max specs include a 5.9 inch (1080p) full HD touch display, up to 32GB of internal storage which can be expanded through microSD, a 4 megapixel...
BlackBerry 9720 The BlackBerry 9720 specs include a 2.8 inch touch display, a portrait QWERTY keyboard, 512MB of internal storage which can be expanded through microSD, a 5 megapixel rear camera and an 806 MHz processor with 512MB of RAM. Despite being a new device, the Bl...
Check out this detailed video comparison between the Apple #iPhone5s and the Motorola #MotoX
Check out this detailed video comparison between the Apple #iPhone5s and the Motorola #DroidUltra
Check out this detailed video comparison between the Apple #iPhone5s and the #HTCOne
