Sony has revealed its second-generation attempt at kickstarting a smartwatch market: a $200 Android-powered wrist-computer. The 1.6-inch Smartwatch 2 is a revision of Sony's first model, which went on sale six years ago to a less than enthusiastic response. The watch is slaved via Bluetooth 3.0 or NFC to a phone and tablet running Android 4.0 and vibrates on the wrist when new information is uploaded. Read more:
Samsung has released its latest gadget, the Samsung Galaxy Gear smartwatch. Tech reporter Sal Rodriguez reviews.
Adidas has joined the smart watch race. The Adidas smart watch boasts GPS to track your speed and distance as you walk, run, or stagger about on your exercise routine. It has a heart rate sensor to monitor your exertion, giving you feedback based on the data it records. In the US it will cost around $400.
Sony has revealed its second-generation attempt at kickstarting a smartwatch market: a $200 Android-powered wrist-computer. The 1.6-inch Smartwatch 2 is a revision of Sony's first model, which went on sale six years ago to a less than enthusiastic response. The watch is slaved via Bluetooth 3.0 or NFC to a phone and tablet running Android 4.0 and vibrates on the wrist when new information is uploaded. Read more:
Google reportedly set to unveil its own smartwatch Codenamed Gem, the watch is almost complete, according to 9to5Google. But could even Google liven up a market that has yet to truly take off? Read more:
The first digital watch, which debuted in 1972, was the Pulsar manufactured by Hamilton Watch Company. "Pulsar" became a brand name which would later be acquired by Seiko in 1978. In 1982, a Pulsar watch (NL C01) was released which could store 24 digits, making it most likely the first watch with user-programmable memory, or "memorybank" watch. With the introduction of personal computers in the 1980s, Seiko began to develop watches with computing ability. The Data 2000 watch (1983) came with an external keyboard for data-entry. Data was synced from the keyboard to the watch via electro-magnetic coupling (wireless docking). The name stems from its ability to store 2000 characters. The D409 was the first Seiko model with on-board data entry (via a miniature keyboard) and featured a dot matrix display. Its memory was tiny, at only 112 digits. It was released in 1984 in gold, silver and black. These models were followed by many others by Seiko during the 1980s, most notably the "RC Series": During the 1980s, Casio began to market a successful line of "computer watches", in addition to its calculator watches. Most notable was the Casio data bank series. Novelty "game watches", such as the Nelsonic game watches, were also produced by Casio and other companies.
