Sony's $200 smartwatch works with Android phones - Sony has released its new SmartWatch 2 for Android smartphones as well as two new smartphones - Sony Xperia Z Ultra and Xperia Z1 - in the U.S.
Sony's $200 smartwatch works with Android phones - Sony has released its new SmartWatch 2 for Android smartphones as well as two new smartphones - Sony Xperia Z Ultra and Xperia Z1 - in the U.S.
Samsung to debut smartphone with curved display - Samsung has officially announced that it is ready to debut the first smartphone with the curved screen - Samsung Galaxy Round - soon.
Baseball demos location tech with Apple's iBeacon - Apple's new iPhones with iOS 7 can now boast with an improved GPS tech called iBeacon. The new feature is tested with MLB.
BlackBerry slashes jobs in face of $1B 2Q loss - The ripe days of BlackBerry are over. The company plans to restructure to become a niche player. Its competition with Android, iOS did not fare well.
Ahead of the Bell: Apple - Apple's higher pricing and lower production rates are going to slow iPhone sales.
First Person: New Gadgets, Apps at SF Tech Show - SF Tech Show has been awaited by tech fans for a year, and now they can look at the best samples of tech from all over the world.
Sony and Samsung Unveil New Gear - Sony and Samsung unveiled new devices in berlin. The IFA 2013 saw detachbable camera lenses from Sony and smartwatch from Samsung.
1st US-made smartphone just as cheap to produce - The fear that the production of Motorola's Moto X phone in the USA will be costly are wrong as shipment will drive the price down as well as cheaper components.
Jesta to pay refunds, $1.2M to FTC on cell charges - The FTC has proved that Jesta Digital added unwarranted charges to consumers' cellphone bills. The company will pay refund to consumers and $1.2M to FTC.
BlackBerry cuts 100 jobs at Canadian HQ - BlackBerry continues to struggle. The company had to fire 100 workers at its HQ in Waterloo, Canada amid dropping popularity of BB OS.
Google Mappers Turning Heads on Fla. Beaches - Florida beaches are to come to Google Maps soon as the company takes panoramic photos of the state's entire coastline.
Apple dominates July's most popular handsets - Apple's iPhone 5, 4S, and 4 dominate smartphone sales in the UK. Samsung Galaxy S4 has lost one position being overtaken by iPhone 4.
Cradle and App Turn Smartphone Into Biosensor - Researchers of the University of Illinois, Urbana-Champaign, have developed a smartphone app that combines with a cradle to analyze allergic substances.
Moody's issues credit warning on Nokia - Moody's has warned Nokia that the company may be downgraded again and lose its Ba3 rating amid drop in sales.
AT&T revenue up, profit down as costs rise in 2Q - AT&T has revealed its Q2 results - revenue has risen, but profit declined on rising costs. iPhone continues to dominate activations.
Nokia Q2 sales fall by 24 pct, misses expectations - Nokia has revealed its Q2 sales and revenue. The results are worse than it was expected. Stephen Elop is positive, though.
AT&T introduces option for faster phone upgrades - AT&T wants to compete with T-Mobile, introduces a new cellphone upgrade system - AT&T Next.
Nokia lifts lid on Lumia 1020, O2 nets UK exclusive - Nokia continues to amaze: the new Nokia Lumia 1020 boasts with a 41MP camera. O2 has come up with a deal already.
O2 urging Britons to 'be more dog' ahead of 4G launch - UK carrier O2 pushes the envelope to make Britons more tech-friendly. The ad campaign's purpose is to help them wake their inner 'dogs.'
Samsung Galaxy Note 3 could arrive in September - Samsung Galaxy Note 3 is likely to hit shelves in the first days of September. The rumor is spread by Android Geeks.
Nokia buys network operations from Siemens - Finnish smartphone maker Nokia has announced that it will purchase Siemens network operations for $2.2bn in Q3 2013.
Ultrapixel Camera Technology – What makes it special? - What exactly is an “Ultrapixel” camera technology? Earlier this year, Taiwan’s HTC Corp unveiled their latest smartphone flagship with ultrapixel camera in Malaysia. Mobile consumers are wondering about the latest craze on the HTC One.
Vodafone Gets Ready for Next Apple iPhone Release - UK's carrier Vodafone gets ready for next Apple iPhone release. The company has included the device called the iPhone 6 to its inventory.
What's the Best Mobile OS in the World? - Best mobile os in the world? That's the most asked question by smartphone users, who choose from different mobile platforms.
Nokia unveils new metal-body Lumia smartphone - LONDON/HELSINKI (Reuters) Nokia unveiled a lighter, metal model in its Lumia smartphone range, as it tries to catch the eye of buyers to close the huge market lead of rivals Samsung and Apple Inc in the lucrative handset... Read More
B&N to add Google Play app store to its Nook HD - NEW YORK (AP) — Barnes & Noble is teaming up with Google to vastly increase the number of apps available on its Nook HD tablets. The bookstore chain says it will add Google's Play app store to its 7-inch Nook... Read More
Tim Cook Announced the iPhone 5S Launch to Happen till the End of the Year
New LG Optimus F5 Phone 2013 Launched with 4G LTE Support - LG Optimus F5 is a new LG phone 2013 with 4G LTE support. The device has mid-range specs, but its support of LTE networks makes it a great choice.
Nexus 4 with LTE Is Likely to Hit the Shelves in May - Nexus 4 with LTE, 32GB of internal storage capacity, and Android 5.0 Key Lime Pie is rumored to be unveiled at Google I/O Developers' Conference in May.
T-Mobile's Trade-in Program Extended Ahead of Release Date of the iPhone 5
AT&T Company Launched 2 Great Campaigns - AT&T company is engaging customers with new sustainability initiatives: two great compaigns have been launched to save nature.
Start every day with a smile and get it over with. ~W.C. Fields "Like It"
Asus Innovative PadFone 2 Specs - Asus PadFone 2 Specs demonstrate that the device is a great alternative to carrying a smartphone and a tablet at a time.
Several iPad 5 Specs Revealed - iPad 5 specs are still rumored. The tablet will be iPad mini-like, with slimmer bezel and thinner screen. Some think that it will use IGZO screen technology.
Your mind will answer most questions if you learn to relax and wait for the answer"Like it"
A Quick Review of HTC One Features - A review of HTC's flagship smartphone HTC One Features. The characterize feature of devise is it the Qualcomm processor.
Follow your bliss and the universe will open doors where there were only walls. "Like It"
Nexus 5 Phone Is on the Way - Nexus 5 Phone is on the way, it is expected that the latest version of that device will receive new smart camera mode
New Galaxy S4 Brief Review - New Galaxy S4 has made the news recently. Samsung's flagship smartphone has incorporated all the technology advances.
