You sound like Android and Me now.
So were they lol and we'll never forgot all those fake rumors they posted. Haha.
Sense is the best UI, but what was HTC thinking with the One Max. It's literally exactly the same specs as the One, except for the fingerprint reader and micro SD card slot.
Good job Sony. Give an exclusive to the smallest carrier. Even if it is my favorite one..... Still would be surprised if it's out before the end of the year.
You also still have the bad reputation for T-Mobile a lot of people were burned with their old "unlimited" plans where they throttled you after like 2gb. Then their coverage is the other thing. It's great for me, but not everyone. AT&T actually helped T-Mobile turn themselves around from that failed merger.
You should have your review done already, you've had it for a few hours already :P If you need our review template, I can send it over.
I actually wanted to get the 5C and compare it to the Note 3....lol
Keith wants to keep it clean I see haha
You should have your review done already, you've had it for a few hours already :P If you need our review template, I can send it over.
Good job Sony. Give an exclusive to the smallest carrier. Even if it is my favorite one..... Still would be surprised if it's out before the end of the year.
You also still have the bad reputation for T-Mobile a lot of people were burned with their old "unlimited" plans where they throttled you after like 2gb. Then their coverage is the other thing. It's great for me, but not everyone. AT&T actually helped T-Mobile turn themselves around from that failed merger.
Xperia Z1, Xperia Z Ultra and Smartwatch 2 finally come to the US unlocked Sony has already come out and said that they are not focusing on the US market right now. Which is why their devices haven't made it here in a timely fashion. But the Xperia Z1, Xperia Z Ultra and Smartwatch 2 are now available unlocked.
Gold iPhone 5s referred to as the 'Kardashian phone'? Normally I don't share iOS news since I'm an android guy. But this was pretty funny. Apple employees have been referring to the gold iPhone 5s as "The Kardashian Phone".
Damn + Samsung USA !! Talk about marketing. All the ads except one on our site are for the Galaxy Note 10.1 - 2014 Edition
I have both note 3, 10.1 and Gear right now for review from Sammy
Already did the Note 3 and Gear lol, Just got the 10.1 yesterday so haven't done a review yet haha
It's not up to me. I'm just an editor, I have nothing to do with the development. But I've asked them for one many times before. We are on pulse, currents, Google news and a few others that you can follow us on though.
Hangouts on iOS gets Google Voice Integration + Droid Life found something interesting. It looks like Today's Hangout update for iOS brings Google Voice integration, and it's incredibly easy to use. Now where's our update Google?
+ Elias Ortega guess you missed the whole "no hardware and no news" coming out of that event news from this morning?
Galaxy Gear. Most of the notifications you can't do anything with unless you use your phone. What's the point? You should have just read my review :-P
Gmail doesn't even work. You get an email, cool! You go to open it and you're told "to read more pick up your note 3" ugh. For me it just wastes the battery on the Note 3 being tethered all day.
Galaxy Note 10.1 - 2014 Edition coming with $50 Amazon Gift Card Right now Amazon is offering the Galaxy Note 10.1 - 2014 Edition for the normal price, but they are throwing in a $50 Amazon gift card, which is pretty awesome. You can buy it here:
Insiders: 16GB and 32GB Nexus 5, no 3000mAh battery option A few weeks ago we had heard that there would be a 16GB Nexus 5 with a 2300mAh battery and then a 32GB version with a 3000mAh battery, which is the same size as the G2's battery. Some of us thought it was BS, but then we remembered what Motorola has been doing with their DROID lineup for the past 3 years. Although, no some insiders have come out and said that it will be just a standard 16GB and 32GB version. No 3000mAh battery. -
Nexus always have garbage battery life. Which is why I'm not getting one. No fun charging your phone 2-3 times a day if you're someone that actually uses your phone.
+ Graham B battery would still suck. Android needs battery optimization badly. Battery on stock Android is terrible compared to CM or another AOSP ROM on the same device.
+ Michael Macauley that was one of the hoaxes that Android and Me posted last year. Google didn't directly say anything about Project Roadrunner.
Yep he did. Vic also said they are working on their Cameras. To be close to DSLR quality. I'm just not sure the camera will see much of a difference now. I think we'll see more in 5.0.
Who cares? If you want a removable battery get a samsung device. THey are the only ones left still doing it. I'm getting a Note 3 instead of Nexus 5, not for the removable battery, but the huge battery that comes with it. The removable battery doesn't really matter to me since I haven't had one in a couple of years.
I like Samsung's stuff, I'm just not a hardcore fan and want to see competition between them and other oems
Nexus 5 packaging photo from Underkg.com just got these from the web site p.s site admin deleted the post that includes these photos so quickly, Source(which is not available now) : p.s2 i am not sure that these photos are real
+ Rene Medina Nexus 4 got a full review about 3 weeks before Google announced it. So not the worst. This is also what we call "controlled leaks". Just about all the leaks for the Moto X were controlled leaks, where someone from Motorola was leaking the stuff intentionally.
Yeah I don't get it either...
Surprised the logo isn't over the Nexus logo lol
Don't think it's wishful thinking. More of an lol image.
+ Gabe Tinge have you not seen the G2? They have three logos. One at the top on the front, that's not even centered. So yes it could be there, especially since the Nexus 5 is basically a G2.
Only Nexus you'll get on Verizon is a Motorola phone. Or the Nexus 7 which still isn't certified.
Presenting the Nexus 5!
+ Terry Boccarossa this is from Google's site. It's also on the Play Store right now
Nexus 5 appears in the Play Store Confirms 16GB version for $349, but nothing else. You can't even buy it....damnit!
Read the link in the post, and you'll see why I say it's the 16GB version.
Look at the end of the link when you click on the Nexus 5. It says black, 16gb. Which is part of every link for every device in the play store.
It was in the Nexus 4 and Nexus 7, last year. I didn't check this years lol
Remember benchmarks really don't matter. What does is real world experience. Also this is Exynos 5 Octa, not Snapdragon 800.
Wifi version is Exynos 5 Octa. The LTE is Snapdragon 800. This is the wifi version.
Yeah, duh! It's just like the Exynos 5 Octa in the Galaxy S4. Which is exactly what I said. I don't care about benchmarks, the S4 killed the One on benchmarks but lagged and the One didn't.
Not all. And I guess you didn't read the rest of the comments.
They aren't technically mine. These are all review units....lol. My personal device is still a Nexus 4 for now. But the way the Note 3 battery has impressed me compared to the Nexus 4, that might be my next phone.
+ Elizay Pierre-Louis why do people buy the Nexus 4 and Nexus 7? Pretty much the same situation. Also i guess you didn't read the part where these are review units. I don't own these.
I don't normally use tablets, only use them to review stuff. My Nexus 7 hasn't been used in a couple months.
I keep it around for testing purposes. I just don't use it daily. Or else I wouldn't have bought it lol
The future of confectionery has arrived… www.kitkat.com #AndroidKITKAT
There are hints about every day in October.
Or you could just check out + Android Headlines posts. Since we wrote them well before Engadget did. We were first.
This is a Quick Question for everyone, What is your Favorite Social Media Platform and Why? #SocialMedia #FavoritePlatform #GooglePlus
LG G Pad 8.3 Launches at Best Buy today starting at $349. Hits other Retailers on Nov 3rd Today, LG has launched the G Pad 8.3 in the US. It's available at Best Buy right now for $349. Which I think is the perfect price point for a 8.3-inch tablet. By comparison the Galaxy Note 8 is $399 and the Nexus 7 is $229. Putting the G Pad 8.3 almost right in the middle. As far as specs go here's what the G Pad is featuring: - Processor: 1.7 GHz Quad Core Qualcomm® Snapdragon™ 600 - Display: 8.3-inch, Full HD IPS (1920×1200 pixels/273 ppi) - Memory: 2GB RAM, 16 GB eMMC ROM; microSD Slot up to 64 GB - Camera: 5MP AF BSI - Battery: 4,600 mAh Li-Polymer - Operating System: Android Jelly Bean 4.2.2. - Size: 216.8 x 126.5 x 8.3mm - Weight: 338g It's also got all the features of the G2, along with some very thin bezels. For those looking to pick it up from Best Buy, the link is below. LG G Pad 8.3 white: LG G Pad 8.3 black:
Don't know. They only said Best Buy today. And other retailers on Nov 3rd. I think it's priced exactly where it needed to be. The Note 8.0 is $399 and the Nexus 7 is $229, putting the G Pad 8.3 right in the middle.
Swiftkey updates to v4.3 and Unifies their Apps Today, the + SwiftKey team launched v4.3 of their app. This is the biggest update since Swiftkey Cloud was introduced in 4.2. Which was a pretty awesome feature. Now the team has unified their tablet and phone apps and have also added a few new keyboard layouts. Swiftkey is by far the best keyboard on Android....in my opinion. - #Swiftkey #android
Verizon announces Q3 2013 Numbers Verizon added over 1.1 million new customers and raked in over $30 million in cash. That's $7.1 billion in profit as well. So things are looking good for Verizon, despite everyone saying "we hate Verizon" doesn't seem to matter as more and more people are jumping on Verizon and throwing money at them.
I hate them because I had LTE in my area last year, but this year it has not been here at all. Went from 4 bars of LTE to barely 1 bar of 3G. I even told them that T-Mobile and Sprint has better signal here than them. Still didn't get them to fix it. Luckily I only deal with them while reviewing phones and tablets.
Couldn't tell the dropped any.
Windows 8.1 now available for download! If you're currently running Windows 8, this update is free and can be downloaded through the Microsoft store. You can find out more information about installing it here
It shouldn't erase it unless you're using a MSDN subscription. The update isn't available for me yet
It's a 3.62GB update....damn. Lol Samsung's Touchwiz is bigger than that isn't it? haha
I may reformat my laptop, Its been running really slow lately, and luckily everything I need to keep is on Drive
Galaxy S4 LTE I-9505 gets Android 4.3 update Android 4.3 starts rolling out to the unlocked Snapdragon 600 version of the Galaxy S4. Hopefully carrier versions will get it soon.
Galaxy Note 3 suffering from random restarts and boot loops? I haven't experienced this on mine, but it looks like some are having issues with random restarts and boot loops on their Galaxy Note 3. Have you?
At least the battery isn't blowing up....oh wait they did make the Galaxy S4 didn't they :p
That new #Tigers lineup really worked out well! A. Jackson went from not getting a single hit all series, to getting on base at every at bat. Now it's a best of 3-series. This is gonna be good! #ALCS
It's about time we saw some offense though. Pitching has been outstanding, from both sides. Peavy was a little off though.
Yep, Leyland knew what he was doing! Now we just gotta get Prince Fielder hitting balls out of the park lol
Yeah I'm waiting on Miggy to hit a grand slam or at least a Homer. He's due for one.
We added the ability to migrate your iPhone contacts and calendar to the Moto X (from Motomaker.com). There is a long way to go, but its a start... Hope folks who are transitioning from an iOS device find it useful. More info here: https://motorola-global-portal.custhelp.com/app/answers/prod_answer_detail/a_id/96362/p/30,6720,8696
After using the Galaxy Note 3 for a little over a week. The DROID Maxx seems so tiny. Like it's an iPhone that can actually be used by heavy users....lol
I do too, but hate Touchwiz and the Maxx's battery is insane. Off the charger for 7 hours almost 2 hours on screen and only 83% left.
The battery is fine, except on days I need to use it heavily, sometimes it can't make it through a full day for me. It seems like it's not as good as the Note 2's was though.
the battery life on teh Note 3 is good, it's just not as good as I thought it would be. When I reviewed the Verizon Note 2, I was able to get 2 full days on LTE. On this AT&T Note 3, I'm able to get about 15-18 hours on LTE. And with Gear connected, it's about 10-12 on LTE.
There are so many great phones out there. That's what's awesome about Android. If you don't like a particular phone, there's a hundred more to choose from.
really wasnt a comparison though .
KitKat website will have a Countdown to Android 4.4 We still don't know the actual date it's being announced. But it was found in one of the Javascript files on android.com/kitkat that there is a countdown timer for the Android 4.4 event. Hopefully it'll got live very soon, I don't know about the rest of you, but I want some KitKat!
I want some real KitKat goodness. Not the chocolate stuff :P
wait, Apple has an event? Isn't there enough iCrap that disappointed people already this year? lol
Anker 13000mAh External Battery Pack on Sale for $36.99 Right now Amazon has the Anker Astro E4 13000mAh external battery pack on sale for $43.99 ( ). But there's a coupon code you can use to save another $7. Here's the coupon code: BDDL6ZN9 Make sure to use that at checkout! It's a pretty great deal, especially if you're playing a lot of Ingress.
Last time I checked 13000 was more than 10000.
Galaxy Note II Owners can have Air Command and Other Galaxy Note 3 Features | #Android #GalaxyNote2 #GalaxyNote3 #features #AirCommand
Yay! I joined the cool kids club #aviate
Only been using it for a few minutes, but so far it's pretty nice. Love the cards UI.
right now I only have it on the Note 3, which is probably why it looks cartoony :P I haven't put it on the Droid Maxx yet, because I just got it so putting it through it's paces for my review.
T-Mobile's Alcatel One Touch Evolve and Fierce get pricing and availability Yes Alcatel One Touch Evolve and Alcatel One Touch Fierce are real names of phones. The Evolve will be for $29 down and $3/month for $24 months while the Fierce is $19 and $6/month for 24 months. The One Touch Evolve is available today while the Fierce will be on sale in T-Mobile stores on Oct. 23rd. Some great looking mid-range devices. Great to see T-Mobile offering some great mid-rangers for those that don't need/want the latest everything.
This T-Mobile #Uncarrier commercial gets the company in trouble This #Uncarrie commercial from T-Mobile shows off phone theft, to advertise their JUMP Program. Well it looks like some people didn't like that. According to the New York Attorney General “This ad is more than tasteless: These robberies often turn violent and have resulted in severe injuries and multiple deaths,” What do you think? Is this ad tasteless?
Samsung offering free replacements to those with battery issues on the S4 Now I haven't used the Galaxy S4 in a few months, but when I was reviewing the S4, I didn't notice too much of a battery issue. But it seems like there's a pretty big one since Samsung is now offering free replacements to Galaxy S4 users. Have any of you experienced battery issues?
Samsung announces R&D in Mountain View, CA Samsung has announced a new R&D camp for Mountain View that should be opening up soon. So now they can wave to Google and Motorola.
Name a manufacturer that can update phones quicker than Samsung besides Google (they don't really count since they make the code lol). They all suck at updates. Samsung has done a lot for Android, just like HTC and Motorola have. LG and Sony, not so much.
Not really defending.but if your going to talk shit about one manufacturer that does things the same as others, you have to talk shit about them too. Samsung isn't the only one with plastic phones or crappy update schedules or a terrible skin.
I still am critical of them lol. Still hate Touchwiz, but it doesn't lag on the Note 3 like it did on the S4 so maybe they heard me haha
Hard to tell. They don't bring their phones over until they are outdated. None of the OEMs have a good track record for updates.
Is October 18th the New Announcement Date for Android 4.4 KitKat and the Nexus 5? | #Android #October18th #KitKat #Android44
Ya you can actually see the screen unlike the iPhone 5Same
LG's new ad taking aim at the small iPhone screen and the "slow" Samsung devices LG is bringing out all the stops with the G2. They have a few new ads out that are making fun of the size of the iPhone along with how "slow" Samsung devices are. Great to see another company doing good marketing for a great device.
+ Stuart Kerrison side by side, the G2 is actually still faster then the Note 3. I have both of them right now. They are both fast, but G2 is a bit faster. Probably because their skin isn't so heavy.
+ Colin Null no its not bro. Not on the G2. Maybe on older devices, but not the G2
No its not. It has LTE. At least that's what amazon's listing says
