Eye docs are the worst. Isaac's last appointment took us two hours for him to see him five minutes. Ridiculous.
Still has the stinger!
That is so amazing and bright!
That's out of this world cool.
Got a good chuckle on this one. I may swipe it and do one for writers, publishers, editors, agents
But there are a lot of pics of her working in the garden. So confused. (Not.) My father had an acre garden every summer. I have picked my fair share of green beans, pinto beans, corn, okra, squash, watermelon, cucumbers, peppers, tomatoes, and canned them, too. I wish I could do the same today. If a kid had to work as hard as I did as a kid, they'd call social services.
Oh, we pulled by hand in the Kansas sun. For hours. An acre is one huge garden. And we used a hoe, too. But my Dad worked as hard as we did.
Yes, on weekends, we went to my grandparents where they had an acre garden and every kind of fruit tree and bush you can think of. I made my hands raw picking blackberries, raspberries, grapes, cherries, peaches, plumbs. Fell off a high ladder once onto a bucket. Ouch did that hurt. We wore buckets around our necks. It was never an option. It was just expected.
My grandma was the same way. No rabbits. Chickens. And beef. And milk. And canned everything from juice to fruit to veggies to stew.
Please don't show this to my family. My son and husband play the Uke...
OMG that is soooo funny and adorable.
I agree with Dorothy. Less angry bird here. A kinder and gentler Pedro.
You're breaking my heart with all these car videos, Pedro. Oh the ache.
It's the ad that's brilliant. Not the Jeep. Although, I do like the look of Jeep.
That's the dumbest concept yet.
That's why it's one of the dumbest concepts ever. Besides, the Cadillac demographic doesn't care one twit about the environmental effects or economy. It's idiotic. Who are these people? Way out of touch.
You may be right on the coasts. I'm not in touch with their philosophies as much since I'm in middle America. Here we don't see as much environmentalism. What we want are jobs. And coal means jobs. Petrol means jobs.
