Sony now lets you pre-order PS4 games from your PlayStation 3 Sony wants to make it easier for US PlayStation 3 owners to get themselves ready for the launch of its next-gen console next month. Earlier today, the company rolled out an update for the aging console that makes PlayStation 4 games available to pre-order ...
Amazon gently hints this might not be the best time to buy an Apple TV When we were kids, our mom told us never to take Amazon listings as evidence for anything . That retailer, she'd say, is so big and complex that its stock decisions can't be used to learn about new products. Still, the fact that Amazon's French and Germa...
Xbox One and PlayStation 4 make AMD profitable once more AMD is profitable again. After over a year of substantial losses , the chipmaker managed to pull in a profit of $48 million for the third quarter of 2013, on an improved $1.46 billion in revenue. Needless to say, that's very good news for the troubled ...
DRIVECLUB Update SCE Worldwide Studios and the team at Evolution Studios have made the difficult decision to delay the release of DRIVECLUB and DRIVECLUB PlayStation Plus Edition until early 2014. DRIVECLUB will be a truly innovative, socially connected racing game, but th...
Sony now lets you pre-order PS4 games from your PlayStation 3 Sony wants to make it easier for US PlayStation 3 owners to get themselves ready for the launch of its next-gen console next month. Earlier today, the company rolled out an update for the aging console that makes PlayStation 4 games available to pre-order ...
Netflix will experiment with DVD-style extras for originals, Android app gets UI tweaks Netflix made a couple of interesting announcements today, the first of which should be most pertinent to the Android users amongst you. The streaming video company has updated its app for the Google mobile operating system with a revamped interface that ...
Xbox One won't support real names yet, but all games now get dedicated servers Like Sony , Microsoft wants to give its online community the option to use real names to promote a friendlier and welcoming Xbox Live space. However, today Microsoft announced that those thousand of friends you can now have will for now, only be identifie...
Paradigm Monitor 11 Speaker System An immensely satisfying speaker system with both music and movies. Canadian speaker manufacturer Paradigm makes a bewildering variety of loudspeakers. Its offerings top out at around $9,000 for a two-channel pair of Signature S8s—remarkably sensible consi...
Play PS4 at Select Retailers Starting Today Hard to believe we’re less than a month away from PS4’s launch on November 15th. Exciting! If you just can’t wait to get your hands on a system, I’ve got good news. Starting today, we’re rolling out PS4 demo kiosks to stores nationwide. The initial wave ...
TiVo Premiere update coming with improved Netflix app, HD wishlists TiVo's Premiere Fall Updates are about to roll out, and according to Zatz Not Funny , it'll bring some joy to streaming video users. The biggest change for most Premiere 4 or XL4/Elite owners will be an updated Netflix app that should be less painful to us...
Vizio debuts its Co-Star LT Stream Player, an $80 set-top box for HDTVs Today, Vizio announced its followup to last year's inexpensive Co-Star Stream Player : the Co-Star LT. While you won't get the same full Google TV experience the Co-Star supplies, this humble set-top box may be enough to suit your needs as it offers 1080...
Flower, flOw, Sound Shapes, Escape Plan Coming to PS4 Hey, this is Nathan Gary over at Sony Santa Monica with some great news for PlayStation fans. For years, the team here at Santa Monica Studio has been pushing the boundaries of gaming with small, innovative games. Now, some of our best titles are making the...
Flower, flOw, Sound Shapes, Escape Plan Coming to PS4 Hey, this is Nathan Gary over at Sony Santa Monica with some great news for PlayStation fans. For years, the team here at Santa Monica Studio has been pushing the boundaries of gaming with small, innovative games. Now, some of our best titles are making the...
If you missed the show on SirrusXM, you can listen to it here. Check out The Man Cave Cinema on the Humble and Fred Radio show talking about Home Theater technology an other interesting stuff ;) Here is the show... I had a great time and the boys and girls treated me extremely well. Please leave some comments and let...
Netflix updates Android app with faster, smoother navigation Netflix for Android is getting a much-needed tune up. In an update that's beginning to roll out , Netflix is removing the lag and stutter that's long plagued its Android app, and turning into an appropriately snappy experience that performs as well as you'...
The Man Cave Cinema on Humble and Fred Radio.com Here is the promotion video that I did this morning! I had a great time with everyone talking all things Man Cave.
The Man Cave Cinema goes live on SirrusXM. Looks like your truly will be on Humble and Fred Radio.com talking about all things Film, Home Theater and Video Games with the boys. If your a SirrusXM subscriber you can tune into the show at 7:00am EST on channel 168 to listen, or listen to the podcast t...
“Perfect Day” TV Spot Debuts, 30 Days Til PS4 Hello PlayStation Nation! The entire team has been hard at work preparing one of PlayStation’s biggest launches ever — PS4 . We can certainly feel the excitement mounting as we get closer to November 15th. On behalf of the entire team, we are extremely ex...
Must See HDTV (October 14th - 20th) Pacific Rim is finally coming home on Blu-ray and in 3D, complete with a special effects showcase ready to give your A/V system a proper workout. Directed by Guillermo del Toro it's visually one of the most impressive movies we've ever seen, and is accom...
Sonos announces the Play:1, its most affordable wireless speaker yet Sonos has been selling its wireless speaker system for the home for years, but generally, its products have been out of the reach of many consumers just looking for an easy way to listen to the music on their phones or streaming services without having t...
Canada might force cable providers to unbundle TV channels Canada's government may soon require cable and satellite providers to unbundle TV packages, letting customers choose each channel they want individually. "We don't think it's right for Canadians to have to pay for bundled television channels that they ...
Best Buy opens up 2nd round of Xbox One 'day one' preorders Microsoft's Xbox One. (Credit: CNET) For those who didn't nab a "Day One" edition Xbox One, retailer Best Buy is running another round of preorders ahead of the console's launch next month. The retailer on Monday said it has "limited quantities" of the c...
The Drop: New PlayStation Releases for October 15th, 2013 The makers of The Walking Dead episodic game series return with their latest efforts in player-driven narrative. Prepare yourself for The Wolf Among Us, a five-episode series that debuts this Tuesday. Set in the Fables comic universe, The Wolf Among Us ta...
Netflix said to negotiate with US cable companies for set-top box app Netflix is in talks with several US cable companies with the aim of making its video streaming app available on set-top boxes, according to The Wall Street Journal . The report says that Netflix's discussions with US operators, including Comcast and Sudde...
Zen Pinball: Doctor Strange Table Coming in December Click here to see the full gallery The greatest powers of the occult, both from our own world and the darkest dimensions in existence, are combining their forces to take over Earth. And only one man can stop them – Doctor Strange, the Sorcerer Supreme! W...
Steam Machines to get test driven at dev conference Valve has announced it is holding a developers' conference to drum up interest for its new Steam Machines . Revealed back in September, Steam Machines are Valve's take on the games console - with myriad manufacturers making their own gaming variants using...
Hulu has a new CEO to replace interim boss and drive company forward It's easy to describe a company with an interim CEO as directionless, but that's exactly what Hulu has been over the past few months. Operating under the stewardship of Andy Forssell, Hulu was close to being bought for a mooted price of over $1 billion ...
Bose gets touchy-feely with sound and its new streaming speakers Celebrating a rather successful push into the portable speaker space with products like the SoundLink Mini , Bose has set its sights on the home streaming market. Competing directly against Sonos and its recently leaked Play:1 speaker , the new SoundTouch ...
Unu Android-powered 'entertainment hub' tablet ships in November for $200 As things often go with such products, the Unu tablet/game console/home entertainment center combo is a bit delayed. The Android device, which was originally scheduled to ship this summer, is now set to hit select retailers and online stores beginning nex...
Google TV reportedly being phased out in favor of a new 'Android TV' brand It's been a quiet year on the Google TV front — the company's biggest portal into the living room was barely a presence at Google I/O this past summer , and now we're getting an idea why that was the case. According to a report from GigaOm , Google plans ...
Nintendo UK online store opens its doors with enticing 3DS offers Nintendo has opened the doors of its sparkly new UK online store today , which is a sort of Mario-themed Amazon selling Wii U , Wii and and 3DS consoles as well as a tonne of games. In fact, the store plans to sell every new Nintendo game, including a load...
Aereo pushes back Android TV streaming app launch to October 22nd Considering that the launch of its Android app was meant to happen last month, it's no surprise to see Aereo push the date back by a few weeks. The broadcaster-baiting online TV service will now launch on October 22nd, in all areas where Aereo has coverage,...
Vevo outfits Samsung Smart TVs with native app, HD music videos and more in tow Perusing music selections in video form with Vevo is about to get easier for owners of Samsung Smart TVs . The streaming content provider has announced an app that brings HD music videos, live performances and other original programming to those displays a...
GTA V smashes several Guinness World Records (Credit: courtesy of Guinness World Records, Rockstar Games) Grand Theft Auto V's success over the past month has been huge, but according to Guinness, it's also been groundbreaking. Guinness on Tuesday announced that Grand Theft Auto V has set six world re...
Panasonic reportedly ending plasma TV production by end of March 2014 Even though Panasonic denied it back in April , it appears an earlier rumor of the company halting its plasma TV line might turn out to be true after all. According to Japanese business outlet Nikkei , the electronics firm hopes to get out of the plasma bi...
