What,!!! I didn't even realise these were coming yet, big kudos to Sony, ill be trading in my trusty NEX-7 for one of these babies for sure!!! What do you think!!
At 10:30 p.m. Pacific, you can watch live video of the Comet ISON, as seen from wide field telescopes in the Canary Islands. From our perspective on Earth, the comet will appear to be very close to Mars -- just 1 degree apart. #space #science
Join + Juan Gonzalez and + Lotus Carroll this Saturday at 9:30PM Central as we hang out, have a few drinks and talk travel photography with panelists + Michael Bonocore , + Hillary Fox , + Vincent McMillen , and + Jordana Wright . You can view the show right here on the Event and ask questions of our panelists during the show. In addition, we'll unveil the 3 winners of the Drink and Click™ September Challenge: "Famous Landmarks or People of Your City". Thanks to our fantastic prize sponsors: + SmugMug , + ViewBug - Photo Contests , and Xume Adapters We'll also see some great photos from all of our panelists and I'm sure there will be plenty of laughs, so please RSVP here now and then join us this Saturday night! Hope to see you all watching. * * * More information about Drink and Click™ Subscribe to Drink and Click™ on YouTube: Join the + Drink and Click™ Community: Questions? drinkandclick@gmail.com
Best water park in a communist dictatorship ever?
Google's stock surpassed the $1,000 mark for the first time, helped by strong third-quarter results: The stock had never been higher than $928 in regular market trading since Google went public at $85 per share nine years ago. [Photo: Getty]
Another great music video shot on the iPhone 5S. What a great phone!
Morning light streams through the trees as Fry Creek flows into Pumphouse Wash. Nikon D7000, Sigma 10-20mm f/4. 7-frame panorama, HDR. See it larger on SmugMug:
#HappyHour ! Cozy up after work with a warm Apple-Ale Wassail flavored with allspice, cinnamon, cloves, and cardamom:
Google+ Hangouts for iOS: phone calls, animated GIFs, and more Today we're updating Google+ Hangouts for iPhone, iPad and iPod Touch. The new app includes the recent Android improvements ( ), as well as some new goodies for iOS: - You can now make calls to phones from the iOS app, and calls to the US and Canada are free! You can dial internationally too (with super low rates), but you'll first need some calling credit: google.com/voice/m/credit . - If you're a Google Voice user, you can make and receive calls from any of your iOS devices with today's update. Outgoing calls will come from your Google Voice number, and incoming Voice calls can be answered from Google+ Hangouts. - Incoming messages will no longer stop your music. Instead of interrupting your groove, Google+ Hangouts will now temporarily duck your music, then crank the volume back up. - Aaand… animated GIFs will now play in-line. Today's release contains lots of features based on your feedback (seeing who's reachable right now, early integrations with Google Voice), but we're always working to make the app better. So give the new version a go ( ), and let us know your thoughts! #googleplusupdate
FOGHORN MALFUNCTION: One of the foghorns on the Golden Gate Bridge malfunctioned and blared continuously early Friday morning. Read more: One Twitter user posted, "Is there some sort of 2 a.m. #foghorn concert in SF tonight? Either that or someone passed out on the horn. 20 minutes without a pause now."
Democratic Development Film A short film about Democratic Development with and by the MOOC community from the course Democratic Development by Larry Diamond Lovisa Inserra, a Swedish filmmaker and participant in Larry Diamond's Democratic Development MOOC, was inspired by the amount of international participants Larry Diamond was reaching and the level of their involvement and engagement in the class. Lovisa took the initiative to collect and share participants' thoughts on, and hopes for, improving, strengthening and/or establishing democracy.
Trees are beautiful and ornate this time of year. This one is a hickory loaded with nuts. The orange leaves and blue sky are complimentary, the clouds provide light framing and make the branches appear to stand out. 'Beautiful Ornate Tree Hickory Against Blue Sky' Nikon D5100, ISO 200, f/5.6, 1/1000. Enjoy my entire collection of fine art nature photography at www.rollosphotos.com . https://www.facebook.com/rollochr https://twitter.com/ChristinaRollo #autumn #color #nature #photography
#WaltDisney #Hollywood Via The Academy Motion Picture Arts and Sciences (AMPAS)- The Oscars
Cultured #butter h/t + culture, the word on cheese
Your welcome + Linda Dean - let me know how it works out btw for a culture you can use plain yogurt
Scored 15/15 helps that it was multiple choice
For that one It helped to have watched the Coen Brothers movie
#7things to help you survive the BART strike! Some quick tips to help you get around. Watch them. Share them. Keep on moving! More details at www.abc7news.com
Happy Friday! Heres a classic recipe for you today Spaghetti with prawns & rocket big love #jamieoliver
El Salvador has one of the toughest anti-abortion laws in the world. A side-effect is that women who suffer miscarriages are sometimes suspected of inducing an abortion - and can even be jailed for murder.
Alvin Ailey American Dance Theater Matthew Rushing preforming Pas de Duke Lois Greenfield photographer
Malori a tree climber and feels that if boys can do it she can too....
If you've been anxiously awaiting to see what's next for Apple's iPad or iPad mini, you won't have to wait much longer. Apple will host its second event of the season Tuesday, Oct. 22, where it's expected the company will unveil its latest iPad models. To chat more about what to expect from Apple next week, join +Mashable for a MashTalk Google Hangout Friday, Oct. 18 at 2pm ET . Editor-in-Chief +Lance Ulanoff will be joined by Tech Editor +Pete Pachal and Senior Tech Analyst +Christina Warren for a discussion on what we'll see from Apple. Do you have any questions or comments about Apple's upcoming event? Share your comments or tweet them using the #MashTalk hashtag. #apple #ipad #technology #hangoutsonair
Dock of the Bay China Camp State Park, Marin, CA
Did The Sun Do a 360 While NASA Was Away?! Here's what the sun looked like while we were away. These images were captured from Oct. 1, 2013 through Oct. 17 by NASA's Solar Dynamics Observatory (SDO). On Oct. 2, the sun appears to spin completely around its axis, but of course it was really SDO that did the 360. SDO rolls around its axis twice a year to help calibrate one of three instruments aboard SDO -- the Helioseismic and Magnetic Imager. The roll helps scientists remove optical distortions from the images and so precisely determine the boundaries of the sun's horizon, or "limb". Accumulated over time, such data shows whether the sun's sphere changes in concert with the 11-year solar cycle, during which the sun moves through periods of greater and lesser activity as evidenced by the changing frequency of giant solar eruptions. Credit: NASA/SDO/AIA #solar #sdo #nasa #space #sunpix #sun #360
The last one from my trip to Rannoch Moor... gloaming light over the moor onto Buachaille Etive Mor... Check out more images on www.davidmould.co.uk
1.8-million-year-old skull shows humans' family tree may have fewer branches than some believe, scientists say: (AP Photo) "Danny DeVito, Michael Jordan and Shaquille O'Neal are the same species." - David Lordkipanidze, Georgia National Museum
A brew that’s literally out of this world? Delaware pub offering a beer that it says contains lunar meteorite dust.
