Sony's trio of inter-compatible gadgets, the SmartWatch 2, Xperia Z1 smartphone and the Xperia Z Ultra phablet, is now available in the United States: #sony #smartwatch #smartphone #phablet
This event is going to be EPIC! Plan on joining us January 8th and 9th if you are in real estate, sales or business development! #BYTY
Join us this Saturday at Fiesta Gardens for food, music, culture and fun! #DiaMuertosATX
We've heard of several boards and brokers across the nation consider doing the same, but Austin didn't just make this snap decision, there's a lot of history behind it:
Sony's trio of inter-compatible gadgets, the SmartWatch 2, Xperia Z1 smartphone and the Xperia Z Ultra phablet, is now available in the United States: #sony #smartwatch #smartphone #phablet
Join us Saturday, October 19th for awesome food, music and fun! Get your tickets online today!
Interesting read
Aaaah yeah, Austin makes another list!
Another reason I love + moo.com ... speaking of, I need to order more cards!
Yup - it's getting to be that time folks! Who wants to explore some of these with me?
Be sure to catch this tonight! Should be spectacular!
Do you participate in virtual events? Have you ever done a virtual conference? Here's one for you happening tomorrow.
Do you use hashtags? If so, how do you use them?
Facebook is preparing to roll out a new shared album feature that will allow multiple users to contribute to a single album - FINALLY!!
Scotland Yard has launched an investigation into new claims that Diana, Princess of Wales was murdered by a member of the British military.
Have you added Instagram into your social media marketing mix? Did you know you can also take video through Instagram now too? Contact me to learn more.
Not sure how your business can use Pinterest? Contact me to show you how or check our website to see our Pinterest class schedule. www.schmoozenetworking.com
A sad story, but one that must be told over and over.
Are you doing the Top 5?
Am so excited for this movie!
Have you tried any of these? Are you still using it?
Anything by the + Krisstina Wise is awesome!
For you readers out there, here's a great list of must reads.
