Sony has announced a pair of full-frame CSCs this morning - and we have both available to pre-order right now! Read all about them here
We love bringing you news, reviews and lots of great deals and we hope you enjoy what we do. If you do, we'd really, REALLY appreciate a minute of your time! You can vote for us in this year's Pixel Trade Awards - but hurry as it closes today! Click here to vote
#Fuji has just announced the X-E2 Compact System Camera! Read out hands-on preview to see what's new:
Panasonic has just announced its smallest Micro Four Thirds camera to date, the Lumix #GM1 . It's teeny! Read our hands-on preview here
New DSLR! Nikon has announced a brand new DSLR this morning, the D5300, and there's also a new addition to its Nikkor lens range in the shape of the AF-S Nikkor 58mm f/1.4G. We had a play with the new DSLR yesterday - see what we think of it right here:
Sony has announced a pair of full-frame CSCs this morning - and we have both available to pre-order right now! Read all about them here
Fancy a new lens for your DSLR for under £60? Why not try the quirky Lensbaby Spark? Read our full review here
Thinking about shooting the deer rut this month? Make sure you read Tom Mason Photography's tips on how to get the most out of it! Click here to read the article
Pssst! Want to win one of these? These are the official Nikon lens tumblers and we're giving 30 of them away! T&Cs apply. Click here for more details and to enter
Do you enjoy portraiture or fashion photography? Want to learn how to capture images with flawless lighting? We've got a workshop coming up in a few weeks where you can learn just how to do that! Click here for more details Image: Jon Gray
Giles Babbidge is back with the third part of his series on shooting motorsports! Click here to read the article
Capture your best autumnal images yet with these ten tips! Click here to read the article
New DSLR! Nikon's full frame #D610 arrives with a range of improvements over its D600 predecessor. Read what's new here
Here's the new Pentax K-3 - and we got our hands on it! Read all about it here
Did you win the #winwithwex Sunrise/Sunset competition? Find out here!
Fancy shooting somewhere a bit different this autumn? Tom Mackie shares ten of his favourite landscape locations around the country where you can get some cracking autumnal shots! Click here to read the article
Have we served you well this year? Voting for this year's Good Service Awards is now open! If you've been satisfied with our service, we'd really appreciate two minutes of your time - thank you! Click here to vote
Look what we've got in stock - Canon's latest PowerShot G16! Click here for more details
Our #winwithwex 'Silhouettes' competition is now closed - thank you to everyone who entered! While we decide on the winners, why not enter October's competition? The theme is 'Black and White'. For more information and terms and conditions click here:
Hi Joao, we'll have these within the next week or so. Thanks, Matt
Fancy winning a #Canon EOS 6D and 24-105mm lens? You have until 5PM to enter our competition - so hurry! Click here for more details
Hi Ashik, The results will be made available within the next two weeks. Thanks, Matt
Looking to buy a high-end compact camera? Not too sure what to go for? Well, you've come to the right place! Josie Reavely compares the latest models. Click here for more details -
We're absolutely thrilled to have been awarded Best Retailer, Best Specialist Retailer and Best Online Retailer at this year's Gear of the Year Awards. Thank you so much to everyone who voted for us!
Exciting news... starting from today we're giving you 10% off ten of our favourite Canon lenses, from macro, pancake and kit-lens replacement options right through to L-series telephoto zooms! Click here to see which lenses are included and to get the voucher code you'll need at the checkout:
Ever enter your images into competitions or submit them to stock libraries? Want the best image quality possible? Then make sure you don't make these 7 common processing mistakes!
Don't know your UHS-1 from your UDMA? Need a new memory card but not sure which is best? Read our complete memory card buying guide to find your perfect card - and get 20% off your next memory card purchase!
Hi Roger, Manufacturers don't generally state how many times you're able to safely format a card but all the evidence suggests that you should be able to do this many hundreds of times - if not more - without any issues. Matt
New CSC! #Fujifilm has added the X-A1 to its award-winning X-series line up of cameras, as well as a new XC50-230mm f/4.5-6.7 OIS lens. Click the link below to find out more.
Confused over whether to get an f/1.8 or f/1.4 version of a lens? Wondering how changes in camera technology are affecting what's important when considering a new piece of glass? Jon Tarrant looks at all you need to consider when buying a new lens, from cost and weight through to optical performance. Click the link below the read the article.
The Samsung Galaxy NX is the first CSC to offer both 3G/4G and Wi-fi connectivity, and runs an Android OS. But is it any good? Josie Reavely finds out in her full review.
Fancy joining us at this year's London Fashion Weekend and shooting a show from the photographer's pit? Click the link for further details and to apply. #LFW #Canon
Pre-order the new Olympus OM-D E-M1 and you'll be entitled to claim the new HLD-7 grip worth £189 absolutely FREE! Free grip via redemption. For more information click here #omd #em1 #olympus
Olympus has announced a brand new flagship camera this morning, the OM-D E-M1. We spent some time with a sample of the new model - see what we think in our hands-on preview! #om-d #em-1 #olympus
Need a new set of legs? The Giottos Silk Road YTL range of tripods have a clever Y-shaped centre column that promises to reduce overall weight and size while remaining sturdy. + Tom Mason looks at two of its members, the aluminium YTL 9353 and carbon fibre YTL 8384. Click here to see what he thinks!
And the winner of our Andy Rouse Air Show ticket is.... Mr K. Cleaver! Congratulations, you'll be off to the show on Monday! Thank you to all who entered
Nikon has just announced the Coolpix P7800, which carries on from where the P7700 left off and adds an electronic viewfinder. What do you make of it? Click here for more information:
Sony has officially announced its new QX10 and QX100 modules, which can be used either on their own or in conjunction with a smartphone via NFC and Wi-fi. The QX100 (pictured) features a 25-100mm lens and a 1in sensor, while the QX10 increases this to 25-250mm but with a much smaller sensor. What do you think? Let us know below!
Fancy getting this close to nature without having to fork out for a super telephoto lens? Then maybe you should try using a hide instead! + Tom Mason explains how
We have a ticket to give away for our Air Show with Andy Rouse next Monday - click below for more details!
Just a week left until our September Air Show with Andy Rouse! If you haven't booked your ticket yet grab yours now:
Thanks to everyone who entered the August Google+ #winwithwex competition! We'll be announcing the results shortly. We've just opened up September's competition with the theme: SILHOUETTES You can enter up to three of your best photos for a chance to win: 1st Prize: £100 Wex Photographic Voucher 2nd Prize: £50 Wex Photographic Voucher 3rd Prize: £25 Wex Photographic Voucher Read more about how to enter the competition and find the terms & conditions on the Wex Blog via the link below. GOOD LUCK!
Congratulations to Tom Stainer who has won third place and a £25 Wex Photographic voucher in the #winwithwex 'Transport: From A to B' July photography competition! Congratulations Tom!
Hello Here is my third entry into the +Wex Photographic July transport competition titled: Last glider flight of the evening #winwithwex
