Game over Nikon and Canon. Sony have released two mirrorless full frame cameras. The Sony NEX cameras were already awesome but today's (long expected announcement) takes it to a level no one else is at. I shoot all my video on my Sony NEX 5n. That video quality would have required an insanely expensive camera a few years back. These new camera bring absolute pro video (and photos of course) to an affordable price. Hands on with the camera here: Thoughts from pro photographer + Trey Ratcliff (who had already ditched his Nikons for a NEX): And a review from mirrorless expert + Steve Huff #NEX #Sony #camera
Game over Nikon and Canon. Sony have released two mirrorless full frame cameras. The Sony NEX cameras were already awesome but today's (long expected announcement) takes it to a level no one else is at. I shoot all my video on my Sony NEX 5n. That video quality would have required an insanely expensive camera a few years back. These new camera bring absolute pro video (and photos of course) to an affordable price. Hands on with the camera here: Thoughts from pro photographer + Trey Ratcliff (who had already ditched his Nikons for a NEX): And a review from mirrorless expert + Steve Huff #NEX #Sony #camera
Reading + Alistair Helm 's post I was shocked at how few young people are in real estate in New Zealand. Less than 6% of agents are under 30 years old. And only 17% are under 40. It's playing to the stereotype, but it makes me wonder if that's why the industry in this country is so far behind the ball in online marketing. Older people obviously can get up to speed with online marketing (and I know some that have) but plenty of them also try and stand in the face of change. I see huge future potential coming from combing the experience of years in the industry with tech savvy marketing. I'm 28 and I've had a great time working with older clients who are keen to change. That's helped me make the decision to move my consulting work from helping all service businesses, to focusing on real estate. So much potential for social/inbound/content marketing to promote real estate agencies. It's exciting! #realestate #newzealand
Real estate has a massive amount of traffic online. Real estate agents can get in front of it by following solid search marketing principles. 1. Optimise your site for local searches in your area. 2. Produce good content that real people will find useful. There's a lot more you can do to promote your company online, but those basics will get you a long way. I'm pretty happy with the traffic growth we've brought to my client's site over the last four months... #realestate
I liked this analysis of how Kiwis and Americans care about sports. Our passion is all at a national level, while theirs is at a local or city level.
Why wouldn't TradeMe cash in and go with a per listing fee for property listings? Once you have the dominant portal you can hold everyone to ransom if you want to. #realestate #newzealand
Fun dig at advertising. Picking on Apple or tech in general?
I know, same here! Definitely a good partnership for KitKat and I imagine it will do all right for Android too.
Loved this first episode of the show about start ups...
One of the best...
If you have a TV, you need this...
I want a 13 inch tablet. I just don't want it to be an iPad.
Brands used to be built by marketing which gave a presentation. Now brands will be built by marketing that works the room.
Oh yeah... "The victories complete a stunning global domination for New Zealand rugby at the highest levels. "New Zealand now owns the World Cups in 15s and sevens in both men's and women's divisions. They also hold the world series crowns for sevens in both the men's and women's games."
Yeah, that downside crossed my mind.
Apparently the Yellow Pages still has purpose...
Maybe the future is with Atom, not Haswell...
I'll take the same thickness for longer battery life.
This is the phone I want...
Yeah. I think the One will win between the Google editions, because only geeks are going to buy the Google edition. Galaxy sells more based on the marketing of their brand but the One gets better reviews for the hardware.
The power of one tweet! Check out what it did to the stock market.
It's time for some better marketing, you guys!
"Not only does the book lose value as the size gets smaller but it loses value as the users die off." Umm, yeah.
I was wanting to read something like this...
No, it's yum and peanut butter is gross. It's hard to describe to someone who's never had it. It's a yeast spread, with quite a strong flavour. And scroll down to "Americans can't get enough Marmite"
Was the destruction of the Death Star an inside job?
If I was having a customised phone today it would have the HTC One's hardware, the Nexus 4's software and the iPhone 5's camera. Is the Galaxy S4 the best compromise?
What should I use instead of Reader?
Thanks, Dale. I was going to go looking for this. ;)
Another reason why G+ beats Facebook...
This could have a big impact, but I don't think it will work out...
