Sony shares first official ad for the PlayStation 4 Sony’s madmen ad brains have put together a series of lookie-likey sets and costumes, one of which will likely remind you of a favourite game or genre, and has their actors sing “Perfect Day”.
Why Robin Hood is a psychopath Toby Venables’ second novel for Abaddon Books is Hunter of Sherwood: Knight of Shadows. In it Robin Hood is a cold blooded killer and Guy of Gisburne the hero. Intrigued by the concept – everything you know about Robin Hood is a lie – Geek Native asked Toby to comment. Why make #RobinHood the bad guy?
Forget pumpkins for Jack-o’-lanterns; go stumpkins! Do you know we're not quite sure how the original Will-o'-the-Wisp or Jack of the Lantern lights? Gourds were the earlist planet domesticated by humans but perhaps Jack-o'-lanterns were first carved from turnips as the #Halloween practise probably started in the Highlands of Scotland. It's not the container that matters.
Gory Attack on Titan models Kaiyodo is a Japanese model company that specialises in figures and garage kits. It tends to focus on anime but its range includes King Kong, Godzilla and some other licenses. They've also doing well in the race to bring official Attack on Titan models to market. In Japan these gory models will be sold via vending machines.
Koto no ha no niwa: Garden of Words review Garden of Words is a beautiful short, only 47 minutes, anime from Makoto Shinkai. It is a film about rain and feet.
Bad lip-reading Game of Thrones in Medieval Land Fun-Time World We've a combo; bad lip-reading in Game of Thrones and the whole drama re-imagined as "Medieval Land Fun-Time World" comedy.
Can you spot the cosplay? Or are you distracted? You'll recognise Margaery Tyrell from the Game of Thrones. You'll see two attendees in the background and be aware of all the photographers in the foreground. The question is; can you spot the main cosplay?
10 trillion years later: A Drifting review Our hero is an Android called Luna. She has escaped the end of the Universe by being cast out into space, left to drift and sleep until the Universe started again. In Drifting the Universe is cyclical; it starts, ends and starts again.
Wizards without Coats: Surprise! Oh, those wizards. Imagine arming the group's fighters with some party bags along with instructions to leap out from behind the bush. "Surprise!"
Monte Cook & Bruce Cordell team up for The Strange RPG Kickstarter The Strange makes use of multiple words - called Recursions - and characters change when they travel from one to another. Later on, some characters might even be able to create their own Recursions.
TradeCraft Bonus: Five impressive dice bags The following five dice bags all ship to the UK. That means if you're in Britain and you want a really great #dice bag then you can start here. The good news? Many of these shops ship worldwide!
Hell No: The sensible horror film Not coming to a cinema near you. Not confusing you with illogical and daft choices. Not filled with people with the survival skills of an 8-bit Space Invader. Hell No is not a film you need to wait until Halloween to watch.
Onyx Path partners with Nocturnal Media to buy Scarred Lands As it happens Sword and Sorcery Studio was an imprint of White Wolf that was created to publish d20 and OGL titles. It's perhaps not that much of a surprise that both Onyx Path and Nocturnal Media are interested. The two companies have jointly purchased the rights to the Scarred Lands fantasy setting.
Tales of Xillia's Pocket Watch trailer Namco Bandai will release Tales of Xillia 2 in Europe in 2014 for the PlayStation 3. To help the game along we've this English dubbed trailer.
Celebrate 75 years of Superman This two minute plus animation is from Bruce Timm and Zack Snyder. In it we get 75 years of #Superman in a showcase of his styles, themes and enemies. The animated short will premiere on the Man of Steel Blu-ray edition.
Sony shares first official ad for the PlayStation 4 Sony’s madmen ad brains have put together a series of lookie-likey sets and costumes, one of which will likely remind you of a favourite game or genre, and has their actors sing “Perfect Day”.
Zombies, the Getaway and a TV ad Every now and then a TV ad makes its way to Geek Native. This is for a brand called “DieHard”. It’s not a name I recognise outside the movies but I enjoyed the ad – especially the role of the guy and the role of the gal. It feels appropriately modern too me.
Tianxia: Blood, Silk & Jade for Fate Core rocks Kickstarter It takes a remarkable video to get attention as an RPG Kickstarter pitch these days. That’s why you should watch Vigliance Press’ video above. Check out the art by Denise Jones. This Kickstarter has been a while coming. Geek Native first covered Vigliance’s plans in January.
The dangerous Predator tree British deviant artist Simon Patel is the talent behind this impressive wood carving. We're not talking about a small dragon whittled out of a branch here. We're talking a scary, full-faced, Predator carved into a tree trunk.
Irregular Reconnaissance: Anime #2 The Irregular Reconnaissance column at Geek Native takes a quick look at serial geeky things. This is the anime branch of the series and it’ll catch you up with the viewing of Geek Native HQ along with notes on where you can tune in.
Super Mecha Awesome Go!: A Review of Apotheosis Drive X Apotheosis Drive X is a 144-page PDF from Machine Age Productions, designed for the Fate Core system. While ownership of Fate Core will add depth and breadth to the gaming experience – providing expanded character options and game running advice – Apotheosis Drive X includes all the essential rules you need to play and direct the game.
Female Dean, Sam and Castiel Rule 63 states that forever male character fandom has created a female version of him. The rule applies to #Supernatural too. The debate might have been whether you were a Dean Girl or a Sam Girl and whether Castiel has lured you away but now the debate may be which of the Supernatural girls looks the best.
Steampunk Pumpkins for everyone Normally Mel makes steampunk jewellery and home decor but she's noted a current obsession in making steampunk Halloween decor. We all benefit as a result.
A look at Guillermo del Toro: Cabinet of Curiosities Despite the impressiveness of all the photographs it’s the text content of the book that is most valuable to me. It is here we get the insight into the director’s mind. The Cabinet of Curiosities is co-written by Marc Scott Zicree and Guillermo del Toro himself.
A review of Shadows Over Innsmouth Shadows Over Innsmouth is one hellishly good collection. Authors include Kim Newman, Ramsey Campbell and even Neil Gaiman. The book begins with the original The Shadow Over Innsmouth by H.P. Lovecraft.
Short Film: Night of Little Dead This is a little known classic from Halloween 2011. It's only had 50,000 views which is remarkable given the quality corn on display here and the all star line-up.
Let’s go steal a... : A Review of The Rogue’s Guide to Capers The Rogue’s Guide to Capers is a short, focussed 6-page PDF supplement for Pathfinder, written by Frank Gori, and published by Tricky Owlbear Publishing.
Gritty real world fairy tales Artist Rachael Wise has a B.F.A. from Savannah College of Art and Design, cooks, watches crime shows and birds. Over on her Tumblr she's shared some real world and rather gritty fairy tales. They're dark enough to share.
Short film: Keloid In the near future countries have become dependant on a network of artifical intelligence devices. As man wages war so does AI come to the machines of war. Political hierarchy divides society into factions and AIs gain ground as efficiency becomes everyone's goal.
Hero-glyphics and other ancient Egyptian geek culture art Pop over to Josn Ln’s Society 6 page if you want to order up some professional qualitry prints of these hero-glyphics.
Will you have Fae Nightmares? This is a Urban Fantasy that blends some celtic fae legends with North American myths and lore. In other words, native American mythology contributes as much to the battle of the fae courts as European stories of red caps, trolls and fairy knights.
Drawing Dark Souls II: Into the Light Dark Souls II is due out in Europe in March 2014 for the PC, Xbox 360 and PlayStation 3 from Namco Bandai. To accompany the computer game Rob Williams and Andi Ewington are writing a graphic novel called Dark Souls II: Into the Light. Simon Coleby is doing the art.
Short film: Record/Play This is a clever and adult sci-fi love story. It begins with what might at first appear to be a sci-fi angle we’ve seen before, with a Walkman with unusual abilities and a man determined to use them correctly but there’s a twist.
Short film: Half-Life – Raise the Bar This is one day in which the workers at the Black Mesa Research Facility wished they had stayed at home for. Sometimes pulling a sickie is a good move. There’s also a crowbar, the game’s iconic weapon, looking for its home.
Sinister Flukemen from the X-Files Flukemen spawned first in the decommissioned hulk of an old Russian freighter that took part in the disposal of material from Chernobyl. It is a genetic freak that spreads by biting victims and infecting them with a flatworm.
Threat Tree Analysis: A Review of Exotic Encounters – Treants Before the menace of angry Ents in Middle-Earth, you had girls and boys following trails through the woods, falling foul of wolves and cannibalistic witches. The forest features in tales as something primal and foreboding, a dark and powerful places that at once holds threat and possible sanctuary.
Want You Gone ft. Peter Hollens and Joe Penna Joe Penna, aka Mystery Guitar Man invited Peter Hollens over to his YouTube channel to cover the ending track from Portal 2.
Music video: Ores Katy Perry has a single called Roar. Ores is a spoof of said song. It's a Minecraft spoof. These guys are certainly more successful than my first Minecraft adventure in which I wandered off, got lost and only survived the night by clinging to the top of a mountain as to stay out of the way of the beasts below.
Hi-tech, easy and awesome Halloween costumes An easy and clever way to turn your smartphone into a Halloween costume. You can buy the prepared shirts over at Morph Suits and there's an app to download for the effects.
Thief gameplay trailer Master Thief Garrett finds himself in a City on the brink of revolution. There are layers of conflict between Baron Northcrest and Orion who appears to lead the poor. Thief is due out in February 2014 for PC, PlayStation 3, PlayStation 4, Xbox 360 and Xbox One.
Wizards without Coats: Knick Knacks More troublesome than a deck of many things? Surely you jest? Beware the bag of knick knacks!
