Meet Sony's new mirrorless cameras, the A7 and A7R.
Meet Sony's new mirrorless cameras, the A7 and A7R.
Are you in need of professional video production services? Give us a call today so we can discuss your needs!
If you're an adventurous photographer that needs a camera that will hold up in rough conditions, the Nikon 1 AW1 is everything you need. Being waterproof, shockproof and freezeproof allows this camera to dive as deep as 49 feet, survive drops up to 6.6 feet, and work perfectly fine in temperatures up to 14-degrees F. Get yours for $799.95.
After Nikon released the D600 a year ago, they have released the much-improved D610. With wireless photo sharing, 1080p video capabilities and a faster frame rate, this camera is perfect for your video production needs.
Did you know that virtual tours for properties are videos that can increase the conversion rate of your Realtor Listing website? Read more to find out more on how to utilize a video in the real estate industry and save money.
Have you ever wondered on how to increase your online sales? Read below to find out how!
Here's a hands-on review of the Sony QX100.
Indigo is a New York City creative production studio, working across numerous channels and categories. If you're in need of video editing or any video production services, give us a call today to discuss your production needs!
The GoPro HERO3+ is the perfect camera for those action seeking photographers. For $100 more (set price at $300), the black edition comes with 30% more battery life, high frame rates, and a 20% more compact body.
If you're in need of an ultra-wide lens, the Nikon AF-S Nikkor is the perfect fit for your Nikon. Albeit a bit pricey ($1,080), it does provide outstanding center sharpness.
Give us a call for all your video production needs.
Nixon has designed the first waterproof, interchangeable lens camera in the industry - the AW1. The great thing about this mirror less camera is that you can use it with any Nixon 1 series, but it will only remain waterproof if you use a AW11 or AW10 lens. You can pick yours up with both lenses for $1,000, or with the standard AW11 for $800.
Whether you're in need of commercial projects, entertainment projects or corporate projects, Indigo Productions does it all and much more. Give us a call today at (212) 765-5224 for all your video production needs!
Are you looking to improve your mobile device' photography? The Sony QX Camera will do just that.
Are you in searched of the best video production services and video creating in New York, Chicago or Los Angeles? Give us a call today to discuss your production needs!
If you're a photographer who takes the majority of your shots in the great outdoors, the Olympus OM-D E-M1 is the perfect camera to help ensure you take the perfect shot.
Comparable to the Panasonic Lumix LF1, the Leica C Type 112, designed by Audi, comes with a 7x optical zoom, built-in WiFi, the ability to take portraits and landscapes, along with a quick autofocus. The Type 112 has a mid-September release date and a price range of $699.
Are you interested in creating a Web Commercial but you lack an experienced and professional director? Do you want a talented and creative director to translate your concept into a visual reality? Call us at 212-765-5224!
Are you trying to find viral success? If so, Sony's new HDR-MV1 offers a four-way toggle for changing settings, built-in WiFi, and automatic Audio Lip Syncing. This device is set to drop just before Christmas for around $300.
Are you in need of a world-renowned video production company in New York? Contact Indigo Productions today at 212-765-5224 to discuss your video production needs! #videoproduction
Panasonic's new 64:9 ultra-wide camera system is perfect for sports analysis given its ability to capture an entire sporting event with four 16:9 cameras. #videoproduction #panasonic #indigoproductions
Does the Canon 70D have the best autofocus on the market? #videoproduction #canon #indigoproductions
Expected to be released in 2014, the Fujifilm Instax Mini 90 prints photos in 10 seconds and comes with a rechargeable battery. The asking price is to be around $210. #videoproduction
Coming in October with an asking price of $550, the Canon G16 is connectible with Wi-Fi and is smartphone friendly. #videoproduction
Are you tired of being the guy (or girl) who has to take the photos at family events but are never in them? Well, the Panasonic Lumix DMC-G6 has a feature where you can include the photographer in the photos by iPhone. #videoproduction #panasonic
Are you in need of an experienced Video Production company? Indigo Productions is a New York City-based video production company that operates across numerous media channels and creates dynamic motion pictures for some of the world’s most admired companies and people. #video #videoproduction #newyork #photography
Smartphone cameras seem to be getting better year after year. The Galaxy S4 Zoom is ordinary Android, yet it's half camera, half mobile with a 10x optical zoom. If you're dedicated to photography, this phone is for you. #videoproduction #photography #camera
There are rumors floating around that Sony's planning to release the DSC-QX10 and DSC-QX100 lenses on September 4 for your smartphone. The lenses come with a built-in sensor and a Wifi/NFC wireless connection.
If you're looking for a way to record your everyday life, using Canon's Vixia Mini is a great start. The Wi-Fi enabled camcorder is slim enough to fit in your pocket, and weighs only 5.6 ounces. By having a built-in Wi-Fi, the Vixia Mini is able to share videos to other wireless devices.
Although VidCon hasn't been around very long, the four years and running conference offered 5 helpful tips for online video production.
Are you looking to shoot a TV commercial, or a fundraising video? Or, perhaps, help with script writing? If so, contact Indigo Productions today for all your video production, creative services, and digital media needs!
The Panasonic Lumix GX7 brings an old-school feel to the camera world, and comes with a 3-inch touchscreen display, an electric viewfinder, and built-in WiFi.
Aside from the 41-megapixel camera in the Nokia Lumia 1020, the best feature is its manual focus.
This pen-shaped camera has the ability to shoot 1080p full HD videos while storing videos and photos in a built-in micros SD card. The pen also comes equipped with a USB terminal so you can plug it into your computer.
Have you been searching for the best DSLR (digital single-lens reflex camera) camera for videography? If so, here's a list of highly recommended cameras.
Searching for a vehicle recorder? Look no further than the Genius DVR-FHD590. The best part about this device is that it acts on its own, meaning that once your vehicle is shut off, the device saves the recordings before powering off.
When it comes to video production, having High Quality Audio should be at the top of your list of importance.
If you're the owner of an iPhone 4/4S or iPhone 5, then you're going to love the iZZi orbit. Thanks to Peripheral Motion Lock Technology, the orbit offers three high-quality optical lenses that are changeable at your convenience.
When it comes to video production, multiple people working on the same project find it difficult to share large files back and forth through the internet. With Adobe Anywhere, those problems are now a thing of the past.
When coupled with Samsung's 45mm 2D/3D lens, and the already 3D Still and Movie Recording capabilities, Samsung's NX2000 brings an element of realism to movies and photos unlike any other. They can also be enjoyed on 3D television sets.
