A slew of Sony devices hit the US, Xperia Z1 included Nowadays marks the launch of many new Sony devices on the US market, namely the Sony Xperia Z1, Sony Xperia Z Ultra, and the Sony SmartWatch Two. The 20. 7MP Xperia Z1 flagship is to buy in Sony's on-line store for $649. 99, though this version doesn't have...
MediaTek MT6592 octa-core CPU goes through AnTuTu Back in the heat of the summer MediaTek announced the world first true octa-core processor. Dubbed the MediaTek MT6592, it features eight Cortex-A7 CPU cores utilizing the 28nm manufacturing process and is able to run them all simultaneously. Now that the M...
Samsung Galaxy S5 rumored to feature an eye-scanning sensor Hot on the heels on the rumors from the past week, an additional bit of data emerged, potentially shedding light-weight on the specs of the upcoming Samsung Galaxy S5. Reportedly, the next generation of the well liked smartphone can include and eye-scanning...
Qualcomm VP: Apple A7 chip is a marketing gimmick One of the major features of the recently announced Apple iPhone 5s is the company's own A7 chip and its 64-bit nature. However, according to Qualcomm's senior vice president and head of marketing Anand Chandrasekher, the 64-bit architecture of the A7 chip ...
Samsung said to release the Galaxy S5 in January Consistent with Korean media outlets citing sources within Samsung, the Galaxy S5 can see its official announcement in January next year. The sooner than anticipated unharness is dictated by the disappointing sales of the Galaxy S4. It seems which despite t...
Samsung Galaxy S5 rumored to pack 14nm Exynos 6 chipset A report in Korean media has emerged, potentially shedding light-weight on the CPU of the however to remain revealed Samsung Galaxy S5. Reportedly, next generation Samsung Galaxy S smartphone can pack an Exynos Six CPU along with 14nm design and 64-bit assi...
A slew of Sony devices hit the US, Xperia Z1 included Nowadays marks the launch of many new Sony devices on the US market, namely the Sony Xperia Z1, Sony Xperia Z Ultra, and the Sony SmartWatch Two. The 20. 7MP Xperia Z1 flagship is to buy in Sony's on-line store for $649. 99, though this version doesn't have...
Android 4.4 KitKat and Nexus 5 to go official on October 28 The official title for Android Four. Four - KitKat - was created official a whilst ago, however back again then we got no unharness day or function details. Last year Google announced the Android Four. Two and Nexus Four on October 29, thus many nurses expe...
