Welcome to the smartphone war arena Sony #Z1 and Sony #UltraZ ! "The Xperia Z Ultra is available from today at Sony's online store at $649.99 for the HSPA+ version and $679.99 for LTE." "The Xperia Z1 is available in HSPA+ form only at a price of $669.99. Arguably Sony's finest Android handset to date, one of the marquee features of the recently launched Z1 is that 20.7MP Sony G-Lens camera on the rear. " #xperia #seoexpertindia
Yeah, because #hummingbird has recently changed the SEO landscape. Your SEO agency must be well-rounded enough to adapt to these changes. #seoindiafirm
All things #selfie ! Find out what started it, where, when and how did it go viral. You must be asking yourself by now if taking selfie shots would do you any good. #socialmedia #seoagencyindia
Twitter and Comcast collaboration. How will this revolutionize the way we use twitter and TV at the same time?
Welcome to the smartphone war arena Sony #Z1 and Sony #UltraZ ! "The Xperia Z Ultra is available from today at Sony's online store at $649.99 for the HSPA+ version and $679.99 for LTE." "The Xperia Z1 is available in HSPA+ form only at a price of $669.99. Arguably Sony's finest Android handset to date, one of the marquee features of the recently launched Z1 is that 20.7MP Sony G-Lens camera on the rear. " #xperia #seoexpertindia
A couple of months ago, we've seen how aggressive Microsoft was in stopping the "scroogled" attacks of Google Mail. Now, + Econsultancy gives us insights on the effects of new #Gmail tab on our email marketing efforts. #emailmarketing #seoresellerindia
Oopss! The link didn't show up on the status box. Anyway, here's the link
Sunday Circle Share of Awesome... :: A big HELLO to all the new Plussers I met over the past week--and a few I reconnected with. (If you see this in email or as a notification, you're in the circle.) In the main, these folks are engagers, not passive consumers , so do add them if you're looking for interesting conversations here on G+. Also, feel free to share this publicly. Spread the love! If you're using the G+ mobile app, this may not work correctly, because circle sharing doesn't seem to be implemented right For last week's share: richij.com/g/5C9NKN3uJDu
Phablets are the ultimate media phones, I'd say. It has everything that a user will need; SMS, multimedia composition and editing, internet browsing, and greater performance. #phablets #technews
So we constantly read articles about ways to build a brand online. Well, this time we actually did it, and I'm not just going to talk about it, I'm going to show you how we did it! +Gamers Bay: is now a thriving force on Google+, which consists of both a Community and corresponding page with close to 9,000 members and followers across the board, that are now the driving force of the online games section of our largest website. The site itself is integrated in many ways with the community and page, and as you will see, it was our ability to integrate social channels with the site itself that drive our brands PCTECHAUTHORITY and Gamers Bay on Google+. Many Thanks + Sigmund Joseph Solares (co-founder of Gamers Bay!) and + Rebel DeW (Lead moderator and content contributor to Both Gamers Bay and PCTECHAUTHORITY).
Time to shine! This article might help you with your blogging activity. Tips from your top #SEO India company.
Off the usual topic. I thought I might share this because this article is very informative related to the most recent #US government shutdown.
A large group of scientists and researchers is working to develop the fastest computer known to man that would operate much like the human brain. The computer in development would be 1,000 times faster than even the fastest ones we use today. #computer #brain #innovation #technology
Interesting article by + Moz . Ultimate guide to Google Penalty Removal. + lewissellers "This guide is mainly for people who’ve specifically received a penalty for unnatural links warnings. To find out if you’ve received a penalty for unnatural links, simply log in to Google Webmaster Tools and use Google’s new ‘Manual actions’ tab to see what type of penalty you have." Let us help you deal with your Google issues. Visit our best SEO India company at #seo #penaltyremoval
Nothing beats word of mouth as an effective sales and marketing approach. Oh, and referrals too. #seotips #seoservicesindia
"An online content whether it be a blog or a video may go viral in its own way and for some random reasons, depending on how the online community appreciated it." So what are the ways to make a blog post go viral? #seoblogindia #viralmarketing #share
Meanwhile, in Googlandia, "Ilya Grigorik, a Google developer advocate, announced last night a small tweak Google made to the mobile search experience that will speed up the mobile search experience on mobile Safari and Chrome by 200-400 milliseconds." via + Search Engine Land by + Barry Schwartz
With the new introduction of #Hummignbird - social signals become ever so important now, especially #Google + How to grow your #GoogleCircles and attract followers - the step by step guide -
Search Engine Optimization is the backbone of internet marketing besides having a website. As an internet marketer, it is your mission to optimize the website of your client and place it on top of Google search or Bing. #seoprocess + Webygeeks Technologies Private Limited is the #bestseoindia
Find out the latest social media marketing practices @ If you think you need help in this aspect for digital marketing, please check out our SMO packages @ #smo #smopackages
Learn the best methods of implementing semantic markup into your SEO strategy.
I'd like to share some good news for search engine users! Learn how you can take advantage of Google's latest search engine algorithm update. #hummingbird
This post relates to the newest "Merchant Quality Guidelines Update" + Matt Cutts talked about at the SXSW in April. - Now dubbed the "#Zebra Algorithm Update" has trampled through the #eCommerce SERPS What is the Google Zebra Algorithm? Dubbed codename “Zebra” – this set of the algorithm updates targets the eCommerce shopping community. Before the implementation of the Knowledge Graph and #Google Zebra Algorithm update, we used to have more organic listings or trusted sites in our search results. Now that’s not the case. - Read the full case finding here and how to prepare your site - https://widgetware.com/news/the-rise-of-the-google-zebra-algorithm/ There's no section for eCommerce Optimization - Maybe we should start one?
Biggest Change By #Google In Search Algorithm Since 2009: Meet #Hummingbird , The new search algorithm, sitting behind the results now, is the biggest change Google has made after “Caffeine” in 2009. Hummingbird is primarily focused on processing search queries as a complete sentence faster than before and to result into much more connected answers based upon their index ranking.
Via Forbes Tech News "This recent college grad found a job using her dad's LinkedIn account " It seems that you can definitely make use of your social media profiles to find better opportunities.
Galaxy S3 and Note 2 to get updates with Gear support by year's end Right now if you want to use Samsung's new smartwatch, the Galaxy Gear, you'll need a Galaxy Note 3 or Galaxy Tab 10.1 2014 Edition to go with it. That's because only those devices feature the built-in "Gear Manager" app that...
Improving RAW-to-JPEG conversion on Google+ We've supported full-size photo backups for almost a year now, and as a result many of you have been storing your RAW images on Google+. Of course: any time you view RAW files we convert them to JPEGs -- to optimize the file size, and keep the service fast. Starting today, and thanks to + Nik Photography , our RAW-to-JPEG conversion is now significantly improved. RAW images from more than 70 different cameras will look better as a result (full list below), and we’re tuning additional models over time. Try uploading your own RAW image, and let us know what you think! From there you can edit the JPEG copy as much as you'd like with our new editor ( ), and download the original RAW file whenever you want. #googleplusupdate - Canon EOS: 100D, 1000D, 1100D, 1D Mark III, 1D Mark IV, 1Ds Mark III, 1Dx, 20D, 30D, 350D, 400D, 40D, 450D, 500D, 50D, 550D, 5D, 5D Mark II, 5D Mark III, 600D, 60D, 650D, 6D, 700D, 7D, M - Canon Powershot: G12, G1X, S100 - Nikon: 1 J1, 1 J2, 1 J3, 1 S1, 1 V1, 1 V2, Coolpix A, D300, D300s, D3000, D3100, D3200, D4, D40, D40X, D5000, D5100, D5200, D600, D700, D7000, D7100, D800, D800E, D90 - Olympus: OM-D E-M5, PEN EP1, PEN EP2, PEN EP3, PEN EPL3, PEN EPL5 - Panasonic: LUMIX DMC GF1 - Sony: Alpha 700, NEX-5, NEX-5N, NEX-6, NEX-7, NEX-C3, NEX-F3, RX1, RX100, SLT Alpha 55, SLT Alpha 77, SLT Alpha 99
#NewGoogle is here! Read report here via + Search Engine Watch
It is a necessity for every online start up company to have a decent web-based platform. Our web designed services are best recommended for clients who want a professionally-designed website for their brand. Please visit our site @ for more information. #webdesignindia #ecommercesolutions
Danny Sullivan yesterday confirmed that Google is moving to make secure search the default for everyone - this means that your Analytics program would no longer be able to provide Organic Search Keyword Traffic data from Google. Only Paid Search Keywords would be available.
Thinking of buying a tablet as an alternative gadget to PCs? Microsoft had recently re-launched Surface as a way to experience PC on a tablet. Read the full article here: #responsivewebdesign #tablet #microsoft
Do not have the ability to predict if your SEO is coming to a disaster? #searchengineland has figured out some effective ways to avoid those potential mishaps early in the campaign. Read full article here: For excellent #SEO service, Webygeeks could be the one you're looking for: Request quote now @
Thank you + Tom Schulte the the opportunity to submit this guest post! "When you’re a women in any kind of leadership position, your success largely rises and falls on your ability to be tough, persistent and courageous. Your paycheck depends on your ability to overcome rejection on a daily basis and not be stopped by what people think. Being meek and gentle doesn’t usually fall align with the qualities of a super leader; however, from experience I knew that if Anna was going to be a true leader in her field we would have to find a way to soften her approach without breaking her passionate spirit. There is nothing wrong with being a strong, passionate, driven personality, but it is wrong when those qualities end up hurting other people as collateral damage." #Linked2Leadership
3 Ways to make sure you are using the Best Practices For Instagram Marketing! 1. Show the Personal Side of the Company 2. Engage Users 3. Respond Read more: photo via thesocialrobot #instagram #marketing
Curious about the important role of responsive web design and mobile SEO in your online marketing efforts? Learn more here!
