Small camera, big dreams: Sony's full-frame Alpha 7 & 7R are here to kill your DSLR | The Verge Great specs for a small lightweight travel camera. Ah, but the price is a killer for the novice. Also read the comments on the post for some opinions about features of the camera. + The Verge @verge #photography #Sony #travel #camera ---------------------------------------------- EQUIPnTRIP will soon launch an online community for outdoors enthusiasts who independently travel and camp. Membership will be FREE and we'll kick off with 100 Foundation Memberships that will attract benefits as the community grows. We'll announce registrations are open via our newsletter so if you want to be a Foundation Member then you're welcome to subscribe to the newsletter here .
Quick & Healthy Caravan & Camping Recipes - FREE quality eBook | Big4 Holiday Parks This FREE and quality eBook has lots of recipes that are ideal for campers and caravanners. + BIG4 Holiday Parks @BIG4HolidayPark #camping #CampCooking #recipes #meals -------------------------------------------- EQUIPnTRIP will soon launch an online community for outdoors enthusiasts who independently travel and camp. Membership will be FREE and we'll kick off with 100 Foundation Memberships that will attract benefits as the community grows. We'll announce registrations are open via our newsletter so if you want to be a Foundation Member then you're welcome to subscribe to the newsletter here .
Missing 72 year old hunter survives on squirrels for 19 days stranded in a forest | The Inquisitr Hat tip to + Paul Kirtley @PKirt for highlighting this post on Twitter. + The Inquisitr @theinquisitr #survival ---------------------------------------------- EQUIPnTRIP will soon launch an online community for outdoors enthusiasts who independently travel and camp. Membership will be FREE and we'll kick off with 100 Foundation Memberships that will attract benefits as the community grows. We'll announce registrations are open via our newsletter so if you want to be a Foundation Member then you're welcome to subscribe to the newsletter here .
Small camera, big dreams: Sony's full-frame Alpha 7 & 7R are here to kill your DSLR | The Verge Great specs for a small lightweight travel camera. Ah, but the price is a killer for the novice. Also read the comments on the post for some opinions about features of the camera. + The Verge @verge #photography #Sony #travel #camera ---------------------------------------------- EQUIPnTRIP will soon launch an online community for outdoors enthusiasts who independently travel and camp. Membership will be FREE and we'll kick off with 100 Foundation Memberships that will attract benefits as the community grows. We'll announce registrations are open via our newsletter so if you want to be a Foundation Member then you're welcome to subscribe to the newsletter here .
Land Rover completes world-first hybrid expedition | gizmag Some impressive statistics on the expedition, including 36.5 mpg (6.4 L/100km). Not bad for a large vehicle that was often travelling in rough terrain. + Gizmag @gizmag + Land Rover #LandRover #4WD #4X4 #hybred #overlanding #expedition ---------------------------------------------- EQUIPnTRIP will soon launch an online community for outdoors enthusiasts who independently travel and camp. Membership will be FREE and we'll kick off with 100 Foundation Memberships that will attract benefits as the community grows. We'll announce registrations are open via our newsletter so if you want to be a Foundation Member then you're welcome to subscribe to the newsletter here .
Mobile Internet Satellite for Your RV – Campskunk’s Experience | Roadtreking Campskunk's know what he's doing setting up a satellite dish to get Internet access but it still takes him 15 to 20 minutes. This post talks about the fine adjustment required to get reception and the tools you can use to assist. The post is well worth reading if you're considering satellite Internet when you're on the road.. + Mike Wendland @roadtreking #RV #satellite #Internet ---------------------------------------------- EQUIPnTRIP will soon launch an online community for outdoors enthusiasts who independently travel and camp. Membership will be FREE and we'll kick off with 100 Foundation Memberships that will attract benefits as the community grows. We'll announce registrations are open via our newsletter so if you want to be a Foundation Member then you're welcome to subscribe to the newsletter here .
Tourism Australia MD, Andrew McEvoy, resigns after 4 yrs with successful campaigns & social media expansion under his belt. + Tourism Australia @TourismAus @andrewmcevoy #tourism #Australia ---------------------------------------------- EQUIPnTRIP will soon launch an online community for outdoors enthusiasts who independently travel and camp. Membership will be FREE and we'll kick off with 100 Foundation Memberships that will attract benefits as the community grows. We'll announce registrations are open via our newsletter so if you want to be a Foundation Member then you're welcome to subscribe to the newsletter here .
Grey caravanners contribute millions to regional Australia | The University of Queensland "Grey Nomads describe the over 55s who are doing the big loop of Australia over several months with their caravans. New research shows that another group has been overlooked in previous research. "Grey caravanners" typically travel in groups and do short trips of up to a few hundred kilometres from home. They contribute financially to the communities they visit when travelling. Grey caravanners also have strong social networks and are often members of caravan clubs who travel together and support each other. When completed the research will be essential reading for local tourism authorities that wish to attract grey caravanners to their communities.. @uqnewsonline #research #GreyNomads #caravan #GreyCaravanners #Australia ---------------------------------------------- EQUIPnTRIP will soon launch an online community for outdoors enthusiasts who independently travel and camp. Membership will be FREE and we'll kick off with 100 Foundation Memberships that will attract benefits as the community grows. We'll announce registrations are open via our newsletter so if you want to be a Foundation Member then you're welcome to subscribe to the newsletter here .
Byron's - Introduction To Dutch Ovens | Byron Bills A great website covering all aspects of cooking with a Dutch Oven. #DutchOven #campOven #cooking #camping -------------------------------------------- EQUIPnTRIP will soon launch an online community for outdoors enthusiasts who independently travel and camp. Membership will be FREE and we'll kick off with 100 Foundation Memberships that will attract benefits as the community grows. We'll announce registrations are open via our newsletter so if you want to be a Foundation Member then you're welcome to subscribe to the newsletter here .
Human behaviour when setting up camp. Do you make it a solo or team effort to pitch your camp? | ExplorOz Forum thread An interesting range of approaches to pitching camp are discussed in this forum thread. Some folks prefer to do it themselves whilst others make it a team effort. What's your approach? + ExplorOz @ExplorOz #camping ---------------------------------------------- EQUIPnTRIP will soon launch an online community for outdoors enthusiasts who independently travel and camp. Membership will be FREE and we'll kick off with 100 Foundation Memberships that will attract benefits as the community grows. We'll announce registrations are open via our newsletter so if you want to be a Foundation Member then you're welcome to subscribe to the newsletter here .
“Stupid Simple” – Simplification of Gear as Means of Complicating the Outdoors | Wood Trekker + Ross Gilmore gets us thinking about achieving the right balance of gear for you. You can have multi-purpose gear and improvise but don't take it to the extreme where you actually complicate your outdoors experience. + Wood Trekker @WoodTrekker2010 #outdoors #gear #equipment ---------------------------------------------- EQUIPnTRIP will soon launch an online community for outdoors enthusiasts. Membership will be FREE and we'll kick off with 100 Foundation Memberships that will attract benefits as the community grows. We'll announce registrations are open via our newsletter so if you want to be a Foundation Member then you're welcome to subscribe to the newsletter here .
+ Joshua Hocieniec Good practical approach Joshua. I like that. I love bushcraft and I'm thankful there are some true experts around who we can learn from. When I'm camping or backpacking I usually want things to be quick and simple which often translates to modern, e.g. lighter.
EQUIPnTRIP will soon launch an online community for outdoors enthusiasts. Membership will be FREE and we'll kick off with 100 Foundation Memberships that will attract benefits as the community grows. We'll announce registrations are open via our newsletter so if you want to be a Foundation Member then you're welcome to subscribe to the newsletter here .
5 Ways to get Electricity in the Bush | Snowys Blog A useful post that discusses the pros and cons of the various methods of supplying power when camping. + Snowys Australia @Snowys_Outdoors #camping #electricity #power #solar #generator #battery ---------------------------------------------- EQUIPnTRIP will soon launch an online community for outdoors enthusiasts. Membership will be FREE and we'll kick off with 100 Foundation Memberships that will attract benefits as the community grows. We'll announce registrations are open via our newsletter so if you want to be a Foundation Member then you're welcome to subscribe to the newsletter here .
Using a Tarp with Your Tent - Stay Dry While Other Campers Get Wet | Get Out With The Kids In Australia a tarp also affords additional protection from the sun during hot weather. It offers a shaded place to relax and for children to play without getting sunburnt. It's common to see tents erected under tarps with an air gap between the tarp and roof of the tent. The tarp offers the first level of protection from the sun. Any breeze helps to dissipate much of the heat that penetrates the tarp, making for a much cooler temperature in the tent. @GetOutKids #camping #tarp ---------------------------------------------- EQUIPnTRIP will soon launch an online community for outdoors enthusiasts. Membership will be FREE and we'll kick off with 100 Foundation Memberships that will attract benefits as the community grows. We'll announce registrations are open via our newsletter so if you want to be a Foundation Member then you're welcome to subscribe to the newsletter here .
*Bacon Weave S’mores | DudeFoods.com S'mores is not a well known term or food in Australia. By all accounts it is sweet - think chocolate and marshmellows. Then I came across this post describing Bacon Weave S’mores. On first thought I wouldn't think that sweet tasting chocolate and marshmellows would combine well with the taste of bacon. Well there must be something in the mix of flavors because if you Google "Bacon Weave S’mores" there are lots of hits. I can only assume it is a popular S'mores variant in the US. Can any of our US friends please comfirm that? @DudeFoods #camping #bacon #smores ---------------------------------------------- EQUIPnTRIP will soon launch an online community for outdoors enthusiasts. Membership will be FREE and we'll kick off with 100 Foundation Memberships that will attract benefits as the community grows. We'll announce registrations are open via our newsletter so if you want to be a Foundation Member then you're welcome to subscribe to the newsletter here .
15-Minute Camping Meals | CampingBlogger Following the links at the bottom of the post to some other easy camping recipes. @campingblogger #camping #CampCooking #meals #cooking #food ---------------------------------------------- EQUIPnTRIP will soon launch an online community for outdoors enthusiasts. Membership will be FREE and we'll kick off with 100 Foundation Memberships that will attract benefits as the community grows. We'll announce registrations are open via our newsletter so if you want to be a Foundation Member then you're welcome to subscribe to the newsletter here .
Vehicle selection & preparation for a trip to Outback Australia | Rita's Outback Guide The Australian outback is a remote and unforgiving environment. Vehicle selection and preparation are important risk mitigation considerations. Rita's post addresses many of these considerations. + Australian Outback Guide @ritasoutback #Australia #outback #4WD #4X4 ---------------------------------------------- EQUIPnTRIP will soon launch an online community for outdoors enthusiasts. Membership will be FREE and we'll kick off with 100 Foundation Memberships that will attract benefits as the community grows. We'll announce registrations are open via our newsletter so if you want to be a Foundation Member then you're welcome to subscribe to the newsletter here .
Steroid abuse on Everest - a case study | BMC Steroids are used for the prevention and treatment of high-altitude illnesses. However, these agents can cause signiﬁcant side effects, as they did in the case study that can be downloaded from here . @Team_BMC #health #steroids #MtEverest ---------------------------------------------- EQUIPnTRIP will soon launch an online community for outdoors enthusiasts. Membership will be FREE and we'll kick off with 100 Foundation Memberships that will attract benefits as the community grows. We'll announce registrations are open via our newsletter so if you want to be a Foundation Member then you're welcome to subscribe to the newsletter here .
The end of the Land Rover! | The Land Rover Blog Production of the Land Rover Defender will cease in December 2015 after 67 years production. Many outdoors enthusiasts cut their 4X4 teeth driver a Land Rover, including me. It will be a sad passing of a iconic 4WD. + The Land Rover Blog @LandyBlog + Land Rover @LandRover #LandRover #4WD #4X4 ---------------------------------------------- EQUIPnTRIP will soon launch an online community for outdoors enthusiasts. Membership will be FREE and we'll kick off with 100 Foundation Memberships that will attract benefits as the community grows. We'll announce registrations are open via our newsletter so if you want to be a Foundation Member then you're welcome to subscribe to the newsletter here .
The Happy Camper Top 10: Best Camping Gear of 2013 | Explore Magazine Product 7 on the list, the Nemo Transform Tarp™ 12x12 gets my vote as a versatile product. It's sold out so I assume it's been a popular product. @explore_mag #outdoors #camping #gear #nemo ---------------------------------------------- EQUIPnTRIP will soon launch an online community for outdoors enthusiasts. Membership will be FREE and we'll kick off with 100 Foundation Memberships that will attract benefits as the community grows. We'll announce registrations are open via our newsletter so if you want to be a Foundation Member then you're welcome to subscribe to the newsletter here .
The Four New Features in Google Maps That Make Travel Easier | Skift It's too easy to be complacent about Google develops - there are so many of them. These four features in Google Maps app will be a great help to travellers. Note the last feature is only available in the US at the moment. + Skift @skift + Google Maps #maps ---------------------------------------------- EQUIPnTRIP will soon launch an online community for outdoors enthusiasts. Membership will be FREE and we'll kick off with 100 Foundation Memberships that will attract benefits as the community grows. We'll announce registrations are open via our newsletter so if you want to be a Foundation Member then you're welcome to subscribe to the newsletter here .
Useful Overlanding Links to Forums and Other Practical Information | Landcruising Adventure The Landcruising website has a wealth of overlanding information from Karin-Marijke and Coen who have been on the road in Asia and South America since 2003 in their Toyota Land Cruiser BJ45, @landcruising #overlanding #Landcruiser #4WD #4X4 ---------------------------------------------- EQUIPnTRIP will soon launch an online community for outdoors enthusiasts. Membership will be FREE and we'll kick off with 100 Foundation Memberships that will attract benefits as the community grows. We'll announce registrations are open via our newsletter so if you want to be a Foundation Member then you're welcome to subscribe to the newsletter here .
Is your preferred apparel company a member of the Sustainability Apparel Coalition? 100+ companies are members of the coalition. See the list of members here The coalition has developed version 1.0 of the Higg Index which is a tool to measure the environmental and social performance of apparel and footwear products. Read more about the index here @apprlcoalition#apparel #clothing #footwear #sustainability ---------------------------------------------- EQUIPnTRIP will soon launch an online community for outdoors enthusiasts. Membership will be FREE and we'll kick off with 100 Foundation Memberships that will attract benefits as the community grows. We'll announce registrations are open via our newsletter so if you want to be a Foundation Member then you're welcome to subscribe to the newsletter here .
Hammock Camping Overview | Just Jeff's Hiking Page This page provides a good overview of hammock camping for beginners but there are lots of links to more detailed information as well as suppliers of hammocks. #camping #hammock ---------------------------------------------- EQUIPnTRIP will soon launch an online community for outdoors enthusiasts. Membership will be FREE and we'll kick off with 100 Foundation Memberships that will attract benefits as the community grows. We'll announce registrations are open via our newsletter so if you want to be a Foundation Member then you're welcome to subscribe to the newsletter here .
Tourism identified as one of Australia’s five 'super-growth' industries | TravelDailyNews Tourism will will help drive Australia’s prosperity over the next two decades. It is Australia’s largest service export, generating A$96 billion in spending from both international and domestic tourists, and contributing A$41 billion (2.8%) in GDP. More than half a million people are directly employed within Australian tourism and a similar number indirectly. @TravelDailyNews #Australia #tourism ---------------------------------------------- EQUIPnTRIP will soon launch an online community for outdoors enthusiasts. Membership will be FREE and we'll kick off with 100 Foundation Memberships that will attract benefits as the community grows. We'll announce registrations are open via our newsletter so if you want to be a Foundation Member then you're welcome to subscribe to the newsletter here .
Friction blisters: prevention and treatment | BMC @Team_BMC #blisters #health #backpacking #hiking
A Guide To Cold Weather Winter Camping | Hiking The Trail + Hiking The Trail @HikingTheTrail #camping #winter
While visiting Mahane Yehuda Market in Jerusalem with Taste of Israel we met Uzi-Eli. He may very well be the happiest man I've ever encountered. With smiles, laughs and plenty of massages, I was the guinea pig at the front demonstrating along with him. VIDEO: #TasteofIsrael #UziEli #Happy #Laugh #Jerusalem #Fun
Melbourne Remote Control Tourist It’s here, it’s a first in Australia and it’s being hailed as a great new concept to attract visitors to Victoria – the Melbourne Remote Control Tourist Launched by Tourism and Major Events Minister Louise Asher on 9 October 2013, the Melbourne Remote Control Tourist, which runs from 9-13 October and is designed to engage with consumers by providing an opportunity to explore the depths of Melbourne’s experiences before they visit, live and in real-time. The campaign offers visitors the ability to ‘Go before you go’, whereby consumers can direct real people in Melbourne (the Remote Control Tourists) to be their eyes and ears in the city. Full story:
The Nessmuk Trio – An Outdated Concept? | Wood Trekker Another great post from + Ross Gilmore . Make sure you also read the comments. This comment sums it up nicely, Great post, Ross. You do a nice job of both paying attention to tradition, and questioning it when it is in danger of becoming dogma that doesn't make sense anymore. + Wood Trekker @WoodTrekker2010 #bushcraft #Nessmuk
Yep, multi-function tools for me too, where possible. I like + Ross Gilmore 's writing. He has the knack of going deep on a topic, challenging the status quo and in so doing draws out some great comments from his readers.
New mosquito repellent makes you "invisible" | Australian Geographic The repellent is not sprayed on your skin, instead, it is sprayed around a person to create a bubble of protection. I wonder how effective it would be when there is a slight breeze. Commercial availability is still a ways off as more field tests and toxicology tests are necessary to ensure it is completely safe before it is made available to the market. + Australian Geographic @ausgeo #Australia #mosquito #repellent ---------------------------------------------- EQUIPnTRIP will soon launch an online community for outdoors enthusiasts. Membership will be FREE and we'll kick off with 100 Foundation Memberships that will attract benefits as the community grows. We'll announce registrations are open via our newsletter so if you want to be a Foundation Member then you're welcome to subscribe to the newsletter here .
Taking Good Care of Your Compass | Seattle Backpackers Magazine In this post, Blake Miller, owner of Outdoor Quest discusses how to care for your compass so that it continues to operate accurately. + Seattle Backpackers Magazine @SeattleBackpack #compass ---------------------------------------------- EQUIPnTRIP will soon launch an online community for outdoors enthusiasts. Membership will be FREE and we'll kick off with 100 Foundation Memberships that will attract benefits as the community grows. We'll announce registrations are open via our newsletter so if you want to be a Foundation Member then you're welcome to subscribe to the newsletter here .
Toileting in the Bush! | Snowys Blog Product options for toileting when camping. + Snowys Australia @Snowys_Outdoors #camping #toilet ✁---------------------------------------------- EQUIPnTRIP will soon launch an online community for outdoors enthusiasts. Membership will be FREE and we'll kick off with 100 Foundation Memberships that will attract benefits as the community grows. We'll announce registrations are open via our newsletter so if you want to be a Foundation Member then you're welcome to subscribe to the newsletter here .
Base Layer Clothing Selections | Outdoor Quest + Blake Miller #clothing #winter #camping #backpacking
Fuel4 bio-ethanol gel is a smokeless, non-toxic and environmentally-friendly cooking fuel | Fuel4 An interesting fuel to consider for backpacking. @TheFuel4 #backpacking #fuel #stove #cooking ---------------------------------------------- EQUIPnTRIP will soon launch an online community for outdoors enthusiasts. Membership will be FREE and we'll kick off with 100 Foundation Memberships that will attract benefits as the community grows. We'll announce registrations are open via our newsletter so if you want to be a Foundation Member then you're welcome to subscribe to the newsletter here .
Packing for Packrafting | Forrest McCarthy This is a very informative and long post about what gear you need for packrafting. The comments are also worth reading. @ForrestMcCarthy #packrafting #packing ---------------------------------------------- EQUIPnTRIP will soon launch an online community for outdoors enthusiasts. Membership will be FREE and we'll kick off with 100 Foundation Memberships that will attract benefits as the community grows. We'll announce registrations are open via our newsletter so if you want to be a Foundation Member then you're welcome to subscribe to the newsletter here .
