Sony announces the new A7, A7R, and RX10. Stay tuned for pre-order information! #sony
Anyone shooting football this weekend? Here's a POV video of a college football photographer trying to get the best shot
Here's the group from our Pocono Area Waterfalls Photo Excursion last Saturday. Everyone enjoyed their trek to capture some amazing waterfall images. Stay tuned for some great images captured on this excursion!
Sony announces the new A7, A7R, and RX10. Stay tuned for pre-order information! #sony
Here is Becky Pischl, winner of our Reading Phils Photo Excursion Contest, with her winning image as an 11x14 Canvas Print and instructor Val Hoffman
Say "Hi" to the staff of our new location in Virginia Beach! They had their Grand opening this weekend. #vabeach
Stop by our new location in the @ShopsAtHilltop in Virginia Beach! No Sales Tax this weekend! We're in the former Ritz location #vabeach
Time Lapse of one day during the Tent Sale at our Charlotte, NC location in September
Great article on Rediscovering Inspiration in photography. Keep your creative juices flowing as the weather gets colder via @TamronUSA #tamronusa #photography #inspiration
It's the Grand Opening of our Virginia Beach location! Cash for Cameras and No Sales Tax on camera purchases!
Enter your best photo from the 2013 Carolina BalloonFest for a chance to win a Tamron 18-270mm All-In-One Zoom lens from Cardinal Camera & Tamron.
It's the Grand Opening of our Virginia Beach location! Cash for Cameras and No Sales Tax on camera purchases!
Enter for a chance to win a 70-300mm VC Tamron Lens! @TamronUSA
We'll be at the Haverford Township Day Festival tomorrow. Stop by our booth for some great coupons and a chance to win a Canon SX280, 16x20 Canvas, Gift Card, or Cardinal Club Membership! See you there from 10am - 3:30pm.
Congratulations to Linda Sbuttoni, our Salem, NH location's Photo of the Month for October. Taken with a Canon SX50.
The sign is up at our new location in Virginia Beach, VA!
Don't let ur gear let u down. Tamron Rebates will save u up to $100 on top of the line lenses from now til Oct 31st
Check out these photos taken 125 years ago with a Kodak 1.
Congratulations to Vlad Voloshinov, winner of the Old New Castle Photo Excursion Contest. He wins an 11x14 Canvas!
Slow Motion is the rage right now. So here's a video of cute kids tasting different foods for the first time. #slowmo
It's not just a vid of puppies running, this is a vid of puppies running filmed w/ 52 GoPro's. Cue Matrix effect!
Want to know what it's like to soar like an Eagle? Thanks to a GoPro camera, you can! #gopro
Cool time lapse from the Tent Sale at our Charlotte, NC location. Shot with a #Sony NEX-6 and the Time Lapse app.
Check out these great images shot by customers during our Longwood Gardens Photo Excursion in August.
It's almost time for fall colors! Keep track of the leaves changing in your area courtesy of the @USForestService.
Join us for a morning photographing in the Riverside Park’s Boat Basin in New York City. #nyc #photography
Football season is upon us. Here are some tips to get great shots during the game.
Check these great photos taken by those who attended our Reading Fightin' Phils Photo Excursion on August 22nd.
Join us for a morning photographing in the Riverside Park’s Boat Basin in New York City.
Congratulations to Becky Pischl, winner of our Reading Fightin' Phils Excursion Photo Contest!
Check out our Salem, NH location's July Photo of the Month. Congratulations to 8 year-old Brayden Massaro who captured this great image...
Check out these great fireworks images from some of our associates!
