Whilst there has been a bit of buzz surrounding Sony’s rumoured mirrorless camera models over past months, the company finally revealed on Wednesday that they would soon be launching their A7 and A7R digital cameras. Sony has claimed that these new models will be the world’s smallest full-frame interchangeable-lens cameras.
Whilst there has been a bit of buzz surrounding Sony’s rumoured mirrorless camera models over past months, the company finally revealed on Wednesday that they would soon be launching their A7 and A7R digital cameras. Sony has claimed that these new models will be the world’s smallest full-frame interchangeable-lens cameras.
An in depth investigation performed by Ars Technica has revealed that Samsung appears to be artificially boosting their Galaxy Note 3’s benchmark scores using a high-power CPU mode that only kicks in when the device runs popular benchmarking apps. #samsunggalaxynote3
Press release details and a promo video for Sony’s QX100 and QX10 smartphone-compatible lens attachments were accidentally leaked online by the company, sending many in the technology realm into a frenzy.
The 10 most frequently used apps regularly utilised by the 969.49 million smartphone users around the world. Whilst some of the contenders may surprise you, it goes without saying that the top 10 are dominated by communication and social media apps.
On August 12, the team at Blackberry announced that they have formed a special committee to explore ‘strategic alternatives’ for themselves. Whilst they said that they are trying to “enhance value and increase sales in order to accelerate Blackberry 10 deployment”, they have also noted that these alternatives could range from joint ventures to the sale of the company. #blackberry #news
It has recently come to light that Apple’s US Patent No. 8,497,987 for “Image capture using luminance and chrominance sensors” actually describes a unique multi-sensor camera system that can be used in portable devices.
Huawei and Telstra have teamed to create Australia's fastest and slimmest smartphone known as the ASCEND P2! #australia #smartphone #telstra #huawei
Looking for a new mobile phone game to pass the time with? Why not try out one of the most popular ones this week? #androidgameweekly
The great thing about Mozilla OS is that users aren’t locked into the Mozilla platform because their web apps can be accessed through the internet browser on any smartphone. #mozilla #news
Samsung has announced three new devices in its ATIV line that runs on Windows 8 and Android side-by-side!! #samsung #Windows8 #android
The new ClubSport model is available in three variants ClubSport, ClubSport R8 and ClubSport R8 Tourer. Already, there has been too much information leaked and spy photos of undisguised development have done the rounds on the web.
Have you seen the NEW CLUB SPORT MODEL lately? Australia’s leading performance car manufacturer- HSV has released the full details of its new CubSport models.
The entire BMW 5-series diesel range is expected to reach the showrooms by September 2014. If you are willing to spend then this new 5-series BMW is certainly one of the smartest buy for all the car lovers.
Hello Car Lovers Good News Coming Your Way.. BMW has revealed its updated 5-series diesel range with more efficient engine and modern styling.
GOOD NEWS FOR ALL THE CAR LOVERS BMW has revealed its updated 5-series diesel range with more efficient engine and modern styling.
HOLA! Car Lovers.... Check out Exclusive review of The new 2014 BMW 5-Series. It comes with more efficient engine and modern styling. Read full Review..
Good Morning Car Lovers Check out exclusive review of The new 2014 BMW 5-Series. It comes with more efficient engine and modern styling. Read More..
#Australian Scientists Develop Printable A3-Sized Solar Cells. Read all the Latest Technology News on
#Apple Releases MacBook Air Flash Storage Firmware Update 1.0 for 2012 #MacBook Air. Read all the Latest Technology News on
Australia’s leading performance car manufacturer- HSV has released the full details of its new ClubSport models. HSV has also announced the introduction of a new “SV Enhanced” option to be available exclusively on its R8 models. #Cars #carshow
Australia’s leading performance car manufacturer- HSV has released the full details of its new ClubSport models. HSV has yet to announce pricing for the Gen-F range. Read Complete Review Here + Latest Products Info
Australia’s leading performance car manufacturer- HSV has released the full details of its new ClubSport models. Some of the biggest make-over for ClubSport is the standard fitment of a raft of new technologies..Check out the complete Review Here + Latest Products Info
Australia’s leading performance car manufacturer- HSV has released the full details of its new ClubSport Model. Check Out the Full Review of 2014 HSV GEN-F Clubsport on + Latest Products Info
Australia ranked 41 out of 98 nations for its Internet speed. Internet speed across the country was decreased by 23% over last 12 months.
Russian billionaire looks forward to create substance-independent mind by 2045 Read more
