ok, I am impressed. the image quality looks great, the size is super, and the flexibility is insane as you can probably get an adapter for almost ANY lens in the world to fit on the Sony E-mount.
"Why? Because the RX10 has a number of features not seen together before now in a small camera. It has a built-in 3 f-stop ND filter, clean HDMI feed for outputting to a monitor or external recorder (via micro-HDMI socket), zebras (settable from 70% to 100%) and peaking for focus and exposure assist, a mic input and optional XLR audio jackpack, a headphone jack and an OLED electronic viewfinder." wow. this could be a real nice doc/journo kit.
Don't go into great detail describing places or things. – Elmore Leonard "In unscripted stuff particularly, I've seen a tendency for editors to use a whole bunch of b-roll at the beginning to describe a place. It's kind of like the editorial equivalent of four pages of describing the weather and town instead of actually getting to the story. It's so much better when a place or thing is built through a character experiencing it."
here's how one person uses a gaming keypad to enhance his post-production/editing experience.
ok, I am impressed. the image quality looks great, the size is super, and the flexibility is insane as you can probably get an adapter for almost ANY lens in the world to fit on the Sony E-mount.
More tools for making DCPs is a good thing... looks like this one is 149 Euros. Resolve 10 has DCP support now. Which one will be the indie filmmaker's standard?
Have you tried Smoke yet? Do you already use it? Alexis Van Hurkman has a new book out for you!
Happy to have been part of 3 successful campaigns. Thanks, Kickstarter. And thank you supporters and fans!
Think you have the chops to be a DIT? Read this series.
So the theater experience could get worse... Yikes.
I'm going to take this MOOC. Want to join me?
THIS software will save your butt. I once lost a whole SD card of expensive shots due to card failure and spent over 14 hours buying and trying every data recovery software and in the end this was the ONLY one that even worked and all the shots were saved.
awesome insights about indie filmmakers growing their craft
Our local premiere is taking place at the 14th Sound Unseen Music+Film Festival November 13-17th, 2013! Tickets go on sale October 18th. Get ready to join the party...
excellent editing makes this "demo" video of the new GoPro really sing. the life moments captured are extremely impressive, too. although I had a "Grizzly Man" fear in those lion shots...
After hearing anti-gay comments from the head of Barilla, one mom is taking action and urging her favorite grocery store to drop the brand. Join her:
if you need to play video files, and I mean most ANY video files, you should have VLC in your toolbox. I give them bonus points for the Discworld codename.
bittorrent bundles. could be killer, I think. + Sheri Candler , thoughts? #vod #torrents
Where TargetTicket differentiates itself (so far) is that (1) it incorporates reviews from Common Sense, which is great for parents (2) it has parental profiles so kids don't watch adult content (3) they offer a decent sale/discount section (4) you can use your Target card. Target is a household name many families trust. I'm sure they have to be thinking about in-store promotions. And with DVD sales shrinking, why not do this? It makes sense. #VOD
yeah, smart move to team up with them.
Capture One Pro 7 is an excellent tool for working with raw images. Now that it supports Cinema DNG, I'm eager to grade some footage as the toolset and image quality in C1P is super good. I hope the speed can keep up with 24 frames per second, though!
At TFC, we work really hard to educate filmmakers about their realistic distribution outcomes, especially in the overcrowded digital space. This page illustrates considerations you should take into account BEFORE asking for money and picking up the camera. Please read it! #digitaldistribution #digitalaggregation #independentfilm
Whether you’re an uninitiated Sundancer or a seasoned Festivalgoer, click out these 6 Tips On #Sundance Tix!
Yes, we are premiering at Flyway Film Festival! We love this fest, it is local, and you should make a point of attending to get the real-world Flyway experience. Plus, there is lots of pie.
Resolve 10 looks killer good. Very impressive stuff. Thanks to the TAO of Color newsletter for the link (you do subscribe, right?).
A good starting article about NBC moving from their current 42TB editing system to a 1PB (petabyte) 4k-ready system.
love this idea and want to see more of it
have you explored these "hidden" items in your Creative Cloud subscription? the digital publishing area could be quite useful.
Love this cheeky article. Lots of sane advice buried within!
I have really been wondering why something better hasn't been built in the past year. This appears to be why. I am embarrassed to use their online screeners, if I can even get them to work.
very nice reel for a colorist. or anybody for that matter.
Matt and Jeremy under the marquee.
I'm pretty eager to try this multi card reader and see how well it performs with simultaneous transfers.
This might well be your new documentary camera. Good specs, abilities and price.
