The new full-frame Sony A7 and A7R really look like they will be game changing cameras. I had a chance to play around with an A7, here are some photos from the brief time I had to shoot:
The new full-frame Sony A7 and A7R really look like they will be game changing cameras. I had a chance to play around with an A7, here are some photos from the brief time I had to shoot:
+ Damien Parker The AF system on the A7 I think will be more effective than the A7R, though I will compare them when I have both full production models side-by-side. The A7R's main advantage is the sturdier body (though in all honesty, the A7 already feels rock solid) as well as the removal of the anti-aliasing filter, and of course the 36MP sensor. If you don't need these features though - to be honest, few will - the A7 is be ideal. You can, as far as I know Sony make Circular Polarizers for their own lenses but not NDs, but it's easy enough to just buy a third-party one anyway as long as you know the filter thread size.
Thanks + Simon Wilson - just to clarify, I'll be completing the local review once I get a final product from Sony. This is just a preview and hands-on
Another idyllic view from the European coastline. #italy #oceanphotography
+ Elia Locardi I miss it so much. Hope you had an amazing time and can take a trip back soon.
Rediscovering the joy of long exposures. #venice #italy #longexposurephotography #whataview #longexposure
How does a photographic artist use a smartphone to recreate a series of iconic images? I speak with Rex Dupain (son of famed Australian artist Max Dupain) about mobile photography Filmed and edited by + Dave Cheng
Improving RAW-to-JPEG conversion on Google+ We've supported full-size photo backups for almost a year now, and as a result many of you have been storing your RAW images on Google+. Of course: any time you view RAW files we convert them to JPEGs -- to optimize the file size, and keep the service fast. Starting today, and thanks to + Nik Photography , our RAW-to-JPEG conversion is now significantly improved. RAW images from more than 70 different cameras will look better as a result (full list below), and we’re tuning additional models over time. Try uploading your own RAW image, and let us know what you think! From there you can edit the JPEG copy as much as you'd like with our new editor ( ), and download the original RAW file whenever you want. #googleplusupdate - Canon EOS: 100D, 1000D, 1100D, 1D Mark III, 1D Mark IV, 1Ds Mark III, 1Dx, 20D, 30D, 350D, 400D, 40D, 450D, 500D, 50D, 550D, 5D, 5D Mark II, 5D Mark III, 600D, 60D, 650D, 6D, 700D, 7D, M - Canon Powershot: G12, G1X, S100 - Nikon: 1 J1, 1 J2, 1 J3, 1 S1, 1 V1, 1 V2, Coolpix A, D300, D300s, D3000, D3100, D3200, D4, D40, D40X, D5000, D5100, D5200, D600, D700, D7000, D7100, D800, D800E, D90 - Olympus: OM-D E-M5, PEN EP1, PEN EP2, PEN EP3, PEN EPL3, PEN EPL5 - Panasonic: LUMIX DMC GF1 - Sony: Alpha 700, NEX-5, NEX-5N, NEX-6, NEX-7, NEX-C3, NEX-F3, RX1, RX100, SLT Alpha 55, SLT Alpha 77, SLT Alpha 99
From the most recent + CNET photo walk in Melbourne, tips and tricks from + My Nikon Life ambassador Rocco Ancora. Learn how to take better architecture photos with his top tips. Check out the shots from the photo walkers themselves: Thanks to everyone who attended!
Hey there Melbourne! Come join Rocco Ancora and myself as we photo walk around your fine city. Places are limited so please register to enter:
Thanks to everyone who attended the CNET photo walk on Saturday. Here are the photos and a video wrap of the day! Shout outs to + Natalie Ralston + Michael Sutton + Jason Ruth + Myles Kalus + Mark O'Callaghan and everyone else who made it
+ Michael Tucker absolutely, just send me the airfare! ;)
Panasonic has just launched the GX7. I've been lucky enough to test it out for the past two days on Fraser Island. Here are some sample shots, more to share soon.
Shooting on location yesterday in Sydney. Shot on the Samsung Galaxy S4.
+ Justus Tan Yes but I gave it some tweaks in Snapseed too. + Karl Byriel Thanks
Come join me for a fun day in Sydney as I host the second CNET photo walk where you can test-drive the new Olympus Pen E-P5!
Sorry + Karl Byriel hopefully next time we can do another city!
+ Michael Sutton Getting tech to look into it.
+ Michael Sutton I have it on good authority that it should be fixed now. Sorry for the inconvenience
Google Play Music All Access lands in Australia and New Zealand, the first countries to get the service outside of the US
Do you know a great ice skater or BMX biker based in Sydney? Looking to recruit some fun people for a video shoot on CNET. Get in touch!
Photos by the wonderfully talented + JK Blackwell from a day in the park.
Cat napping with + JK Blackwell Shot on the Canon 100D.
Thanks + Keith McInnes - it was lots of fun, but there were still a few shots that I really did need a tripod/large sensor camera for. Only control I had for all the shots was dialling in exposure compensation, ISO and a scene mode.
Just had a wonderful experience interacting with Touchy the human camera. He's appearing around Sydney until Saturday, find out the dates and locations here: https://www.facebook.com/touchycamera More about Touchy here:
One of my favourite spots to photograph. Now in auto awesome!
This is all that's left of my Impossible Project Polaroids. Not even a year after exposing them, they have been lost almost completely. The one that is still intact is a Polaroid from expired but "real" Polaroid stock. So disappointed, but lesson learned - don't shoot anything valuable on Impossible Project film without first scanning/saving it for posterity.
+ JK Blackwell Yeah, that one is from the real Polaroid film, one of the last frames I took on 600 film before I ran out of the official stuff.
My latest feature on mobile photography is now live on + CNET Featuring + Michael Baranovic and more!
I'm searching for a rabbit!! All shapes, sizes and colours. Please share this with anyone in Sydney with a rabbit who would like to be photographed by me!
Does the new Auto Enhance work on a regular, properly-exposed photo? Time to find out...
Looks like there's a little saturation boost, and a tiny touch of sharpening.
+ Paul Gunther true! From what I've seen it works best on mobile shots, basic enhancements. Adding a touch of HDR-like processing, contrast, curves, red-eye removal...
+ William Watt That's pretty good. Did you create the sunset GIF with the Google tools too? It's great, however you made it!
I take a closer look at the new Olympus Pen E-P5. This was a pre-production model, so I can't share any of the high-res photos unfortunately. If you have any questions you want me to cover off in the full review later down the track, let me know.
No official Australian price yet + Alexander Kesselaar but it's looking to be around the $1499 mark with a viewfinder/kit lens configuration from what I've heard.
Canon Australia has cut prices on a range of imaging products at the end of April. Are we really at price parity with overseas though?
Was sent this cute video from someone called Action Panda today. Pretty sure it's a Sony campaign from the Action Cam mention, but it's totally cute and worth sharing. Plus, pandas makes everything better.
Sony is at it again with new ads for the NEX, with the controversial tag "DSLR Gear, No Idea". Not sure if these ones are as successful as the first ones though. What do you think?
If this actually becomes real and works at 24fps, wow. Game changer.
Taking photos from space. How cool is Chris Hadfield? Wish my SLR could float in weightlessness as easily as this.
+ Keith McInnes Of course, let's go to space! + Michael Sutton we actually tried planning out how we could send a camera up into the stratosphere (at work) but the costs were a bit too high and time... oh the time it would take. Definitely a pet project kinda thing.
Hahaha just delete them... I can't!
Probably the most in-depth video tutorial I've done so far. A closer look at focus stacking - what it is, why you should do it, and the end result. Plus, delicious pie!
+ chris walsham That is so annoying, I hate that error message. Sometimes a restart works for me, otherwise this thread might help. Sounds like a graphics card issue. Also make sure to update everything
+ chris walsham Photoshop is not the only tool you can use though. Maybe try this one
Straw poll: are the terms "mobile photography" and "photography" one and the same to you? Does it matter to you what device is used to take a photo?
+ Stephen Lord Guess I should have been more specific and said "Photos taken on a mobile telephone" or "Photos taken on a traditional camera" + Paul Gunther Not at all cheating, I have to admit I have done that myself too. (PS, nope, still broken!)
+ Michael Sutton I am still keen to know if anyone actually thinks that way though. From what I can see the community here embraces all forms of photography. Guess I might be asking in the wrong place ;)
+ Daniel Shortt It has been done - and there is demand. Sometimes it seems you need to shoot what the client desires, rather than your own aesthetic:
Freelensing is when you take the lens off the mount and hold it in front of the camera, tilting it back and forth to get some nice selective focus - kind of like a tilt-shift lens on the cheap! Silly name, but a fun technique. Here's my guide on how to do it.
+ Gretchen Chappelle Sad I couldn't make it. In the end stayed up behind at radio (I now do Saturdays) and by the time I was done it would have been too late to catch everyone.
Now this is what I call a lens. + Dan Chiappini 's 200mm f/2 on a Canon 6D. Monster hood, monster lens!
This is such a cool concept! A little robot for your smartphone, fully programmable. I like its face too.
Hi + Damien Parker you can find my impressions here:
Slightly less excited about the Instagram-inspired Socialmatic camera now that Polaroid has branding rights. Especially if the prints are anything like the digital Polaroid quality.
Let's just say the "new" Polaroid-branded products haven't exactly been inspiring + Karl Byriel
Everyone who's pitching to #ifIhadglass with elaborate reasons is really just too scared to say "If I had Glass I'd take over the world". Right?
+ Daniel Porter Good point. I just hope someone has referenced this intro from Pinky and the Brain: Pinky and The Brain Intro
+ George Torouno I know. This isn't my actual pitch... just an observation. Though if anyone wants to give me Glass I won't say no.
If you have ever had a photo used elsewhere online without permission, this is for you. An in-depth look at photographers, copyright and your photo rights.
The second part of my chat with + Elia Locardi is up. Elia talks us through digital blending and the process of creating an HDR image from a number of different photographs.
+ Damien Parker The AF system on the A7 I think will be more effective than the A7R, though I will compare them when I have both full production models side-by-side. The A7R's main advantage is the sturdier body (though in all honesty, the A7 already feels rock solid) as well as the removal of the anti-aliasing filter, and of course the 36MP sensor. If you don't need these features though - to be honest, few will - the A7 is be ideal. You can, as far as I know Sony make Circular Polarizers for their own lenses but not NDs, but it's easy enough to just buy a third-party one anyway as long as you know the filter thread size.
Thanks + Simon Wilson - just to clarify, I'll be completing the local review once I get a final product from Sony. This is just a preview and hands-on
