HOW TO RESET YOUR SONY ERICSSON SECURITY CODE TO DEFAULT HOW TO RESET YOUR SONY ERICSSON SECURITY CODE TO DEFAULT FOLLOW THIS STEPS I used XS v3.1 Software with DCU60 Cable that come with the Phone Download XS v3.1 at google 1: Switch off your Phone. 2. Run XS .exe on your PC After Downloading. 3. Open XS ...
How to Easly Run Android Apps , games And whatsapp on Your Pc Hi If you have been limited to use some mobile phone app simply because you don't have a smart phone or because you don't want to spend too much on phone bills, this short tutorial will show you how you can easily install and use any mobile phone applicat...
How To Browse Flawlessly With Mtn Using Sandwich VPN How To Browse Flawlessly With Mtn Using Sandwich VPN Hmmmm, those who are lucky enough to be rocking the Open Vpn settings are already testifying and if you want to enjoy it, go premium. Anyway, have got an alternative to Open VPN which is SandwishVPN. Th...
Video: BBA The Chase Star 'Beverly Osu' Dancing Davido's Skelewu Name: Video: BBA The Chase Star 'Beverly Osu' Dancing Davido's Skelewu By: LINZ Video Comment: Must watch! Former BBA housemate, dancer and model ‘Beverly Osu’ took her time to serve a steamy dance routine to Davido’s smash hit single Skelewu. Boasting d...
Pele Modina 1[Yoruba Movie] Name: Pele Modina 1[Yoruba Movie] By: JINZ Video Comment: Orisa Alaka is a Deity which hates false accusations against ones neighbor. Ojo (Sanyeri) commits adultery with another man's wife (Pele Modina) and swear innocence before Orisa Alaka. In other n...
Pele Modina 2[Yoruba Movie] Name: Pele Modina 2[Yoruba Movie] By:LINZ Video Comment: Orisa Alaka is a Deity which hates false accusations against ones neighbor. Ojo (Sanyeri) commits adultery with another man's wife (Pele Modina) and swear innocence before Orisa Alaka. In other no...
Etisalat Is Back On Ucweb Here is the cheat but not downloading it is better than none. IP= 41.223.145,230 port= 80 APN= etisalat on UC handler frontquerry= buy.etisalat.com.ng# choose Real host = uc6.ucweb.com
Get upto 300mb on Your Airtel sim with Just #300 [working on all airtel sim card] Airtel claim to be the secured but i tell u when they fall ,its always fatal. Few days back ,our admin posted on a thread how to get 340mb for #200 ,but the badnews about this trick is that it doesnot work on all airtel sim. However ,today DON_PHEZTURZ Brou...
ETISALAT BACK AND BETA ON TUNNEL GURU ETISALAT BACK AND BETA ON TUNNEL GURU i am very happ to tell you Etisalat is back on tunnel guru and blazing faster than ever before. Just go web - tunnel . com/ ng /go . php redownload the tg 2.4.0.0 use same settings as before and feel d magic. SERVER ...
Pics: Seal & Heidi Klum kiss as they reunite for daughter's birthday Friendly exes. Their seven year marriage ended early last year and things kinda turned nasty between them after Seal claimed Heidi cheated on him with 'the help' but it seems the parents to three children have put their differences behind them as they we...
Jay-Z, Chris Martin, Timbaland take public transport to gig at O2 Jay Z, Timbaland, and Coldplay lead singer Chris Martin surprised commuters by taking London commuter train to their gig at the 02 arena in L ondon on Saturday night. His manager Ty Ty and Atlanta Records executive Michael Kyser were also with the group. ...
Dakore Egbuson Akande and hubby expecting baby number 2 A visibly pregnant Dakore Akande co-hosted the Nollywood Movies Awards which took place on Saturday night October 12th. Dakore, and her husband, Olumide Akande, already have a 2 year old daughter. Big congrats to them.
Lagos governnor Raji Fashola comes to the aid of ailing Pa Kasumu Great news for ailing veteran actor, Kayode Odumosu popularly known as Pa Kasumu, who has been battling with serious liver and heart related ailments for a while now and in desperate need of N12m. According to a report by Encomium mag, Lagos State Gover...
Hot FM's Amaka Udeh's white wedding photos Hot FM Abuja presenter Amaka 'Fresssh' Udeh married her beau Victor Onyeagoro aka DonVic of Lambada Entertainment on Saturday Oct. 12th at Christ Liberty Mission World wide. The Reception held at Oneal event center. Happy married life to them. More phot...
How To Know Original Phones Using Manufacturer Codes How To Know Original Phones Using Manufacturer Codes Mobile phone manufacturer has hidden secret in each of there device, only use them when needed and they do not necessarily share with customers. It is best to know some of this codes so you can easily con...
Nigeria Becomes Third LargestUser Of Facebook In Africa; 36th In The World Nigeria is the third largest user of Facebook in Africa in the latest ranking of countries using the social interactive site on the internet by the World Bank. Tagged African Facebook Users in 2013, the figures as at March, 2013, showed Nigeria having 5...
HOW TO BROWSE ON FACEBOOK WITH ANY TYPE OF PHONE LIKE NOKIA TORCH PHONE ON [MTN] HOW TO BROWSE ON FACEBOOK WITH ANY TYPE OF PHONE LIKE NOKIA TORCH PHONE ON [MTN] Simply dial *510# and fill out the information there- *your phone number/email address/fb username *your facebook password ??note- this works on mtn only
HOW TO RESET YOUR SONY ERICSSON SECURITY CODE TO DEFAULT HOW TO RESET YOUR SONY ERICSSON SECURITY CODE TO DEFAULT FOLLOW THIS STEPS I used XS v3.1 Software with DCU60 Cable that come with the Phone Download XS v3.1 at google 1: Switch off your Phone. 2. Run XS .exe on your PC After Downloading. 3. Open XS ...
DownloaD PlayBOX TV Player Packed With Over 1000 TV Channels DownloaD PlayBOX TV Player Packed With Over 1000 TV Channels PlayBOX TV Player is a recommended app for TV enthusiasts who want free access to a wide OS Support: Windows XP | 7 | 8 | Server 2003 | 2008 64bit -selection of the best broadband internet TV. It ...
DownloaD Chris TV With Over 2000 TV channels and 600 radio stations DownloaD Chris TV With Over 2000 TV channels and 600 radio stations ChrisTV Online Free Edition - Watch and Record free Internet TV with ChrisTV Online! - best program for viewing TV on your PC - developed by Chris P.C. srl - Worldwide live radio and te...
How to hide files on Android phones. I was just playin with my phone dis mornin when i noticed this..... Do u know that u can also hide files on Android phones just lyk the java phones? If u dnt believe it,just try this out. I did it on my tecno p3...so there is assurance dat it'll work on oth...
How to Get More Than 1GB on Your Etisalat Sim Using Facebook Etisalate is On Point again with their Free MB, It all about the facebook bundle. You Can get upto 1GB With this New Etisalat Bundle tweak. All You Need to do is to type FBM TO 229 FREE AND U WILL BE GIVING 20MB. You will Receive a message After Some minute...
HOW TO PLAY OLD NES GAMES ON YOUR PS2 Remember the good old days when we use to play mario,remember how hard it was to defeat that dragon,remember that ''ibilomakusi'' tone in stage 2,and ''ogorogoro no good oh'' when mario dies. Well thanks to those dudes over at psx-scene who ported the fceul...
Airtel 2 in 1 Blackberry Subscription For Windows, Mac, Android, iPad And iphone Airtel 2 in 1 Blackberry Subscription For Windows, Mac, Android, iPad And iphone Airtel Blackberry Subscription 2 in 1 promo can be used for your Windows/Mac Pc , Android , iPhone or iPad. The promo gives 1 subscription for free if you subscribe for a dual ...
Eitsalat Free Browsing With Opera New Handler 5 Cast Eitsalat Free Browsing With Opera New Handler 5 Cast Etisalat free browsing using Opera 5 cast or Opera 5 Mega work for all Opera 5 compatible device. Configure you device using etisalat custom access point for free browsing on opera handler. Download Opera...
Ife Ojiji 1(Sudden Love) [Yoruba Movie] Name: Ife Ojiji 1(Sudden Love) [Yoruba Movie] By: LINZ Video Comment: Bode & Lamide were dating during their service year. On one of Bode's visit to Lamide's lodge, he comes across Oro festival which made him loose his sight. Bode & Lamide then lost cont...
Ife Ojiji 2(Sudden Love) [Yoruba Movie] Name: Ife Ojiji 2(Sudden Love) [Yoruba Movie] By:LINZ Video Comment: Bode & Lamide were dating during their service year. On one of Bode's visit to Lamide's lodge, he comes across Oro festival which made him loose his sight. Bode & Lamide then lost conta...
Evil Agenda 1[Nollywood Movie] Name: Evil Agenda 1[Nollywood Movie] By: LINZ Video Comment: A dysfunctional family discovers secrets about themselves. Okay nice movie though the movie has lots of issues , I mean the movie have lots of strange stuff abeg ohhhhh that family needs some h...
Evil Agenda 2[Nollywood Movie] Name: Evil Agenda 2[Nollywood Movie] By: LINZ Video Comment: A dysfunctional family discovers secrets about themselves. Okay nice movie though the movie has lots of issues , I mean the movie have lots of strange stuff abeg ohhhhh that family needs some h...
New Video: Supaakos - Steady Buga New artiste Supaakos makes his first official appearance after a collaboration with Yung6ix. Here’s bringing “ Steady Buga ”, an Afrohop/Afropop continental music to the table, which is awesomely assisted by a Squareball Adasa directed video who is known to...
Photo: Cassie shares intimate bedroom pic of herself and Diddy How three women don't mind sharing one man is amazing to me...Kim Porter is the main chick, then Cassie, then there's the other baby mama he was spotted with last weekend, Sarah Chapman. Meanwhile, the music mogul has made it very clear that he's nowhere ...
See close up photo of Rihanna's new traditional tattoo Jeez! Why would Rihanna do this to her hand? Painful to look at...
Karen Igho blasts Yvonne Nelson, tells her to go get her boobs done Apparently Karen Igho is one of the many who does not believe that Yvonne Nelson was hacked. She took to twitter to tear the Ghanaian actress apart..choi! Check out her Tweets below..... Karen later deleted her tweets and jokingly claimed she was was also...
Between BBA host Ik Osakioduwa and his wife, awwww see love... You have to have a really understanding wife who knows you well to post a pic of you with another woman and say she's fine. And IK's wife agreed with him... Haha. Awwwww...sweet! It's nice to see a young couple joke around like this...
Veteran actor Pa Kasumu in dire need of N12million for treatment Nollywood veteran actor Pa Kasumu is presently fighting for his life as he's currently battling heart and liver diseases. He's been in and out of hospital since 2009 and is in dire need of N12millon to solve his heath issues. He told Goldmyne TV: "Ever s...
Missing episodes of Doctor Who from 1960s found gathering dust in a cupboard in Nigeria Aba boys in action? Lol. Nine long-lost episodes of Doctor Who, which have not been seen since the 1960s, have been recovered after they were tracked down gathering dust in a store room in Nigeria , Daily Mail UK reports: T he discovery of the episodes i...
'I'd love to have Genevieve as my wife' - D'banj says in new interview D'banj told me something so sweet in confidence about Genevieve, but nah, sorry I can't spill... hehe. It's nice to hear him say he would love to marry her. I wish he'd just stop saying it and just do it. He granted an interview to reporters on Wednesday ...
New Video: Rio - Take Your Order Oshionebo Raphael popularly known by his stage name Rio starts out big as he presents the audio and video to his MKAY produced single titled Take Your Order . Watch the video above and continue to read more about the artist more pix and video below... Rio, ...
Karen had breasts implants because of lumps found in her breasts' her PR claims Karen Igho's PR team released a press statement today claiming that the BBA winner got breasts implants many years ago because of lumps found in her breasts - this is in reaction to a tweet from Ghanaian actress Yvonne Nelson's twitter handle during the ...
Oluchi Orlandi covers the Independence Issue of Mania magazine Lovely cover...
JUMIA is the first African company to win the World Retail Award J UMIA , Nigeria’s #1 shopping destination, won “The Best Retail Launch of the Year” at the World Retail Congress in Paris on Wednesday. Through this distinction, JUMIA is the first African company to have won the most important retail award worldwide. Th...
