Sony's $200 smartwatch works with Android phones Sony's is working on a smartwatch because Android phones is making one and it cost more than with phone and the watch . SmartWatch 2 is designed to complement a phone - specifically those running Android 4.0 or later. Sony promises three to four days of ba...
US Army plans 'Iron Man' armour for soldiers This is a good idea why beacause its is better for the army they can destory the terrisots in Iqua . what can stop the war . It is calling on the technology industry, government labs and academia to help build the Iron Man-style suit.They trying to be the ...
Snapchat hack secretly saves images using app Snapchat rose to popularity as an app that allows people to share pictures, safe in the knowledge they would delete themselves after being viewed. Because the hacker want to keep your picture for nuffin
Sony's $200 smartwatch works with Android phones Sony's is working on a smartwatch because Android phones is making one and it cost more than with phone and the watch . SmartWatch 2 is designed to complement a phone - specifically those running Android 4.0 or later. Sony promises three to four days of ba...
Boosting skills essential for tackling joblessness and improving well-being, says OECD The survey shows that high quality initial education is an important predictor for success in adult life. But countries must combine this with flexible, skills-oriented learning opportunities throughout life, in particular for working-age adults. The result...
How will you prepare yourself for a profitable future? i do believe you can own your life choices. In life and world
First computer made of carbon nanotubes is unveiled The first computer built entirely with carbon nano tubes has been unveiled, opening the door to a new generation of digital devices.
CHEETAH - Fastest Legged Robot The Cheetah robot is the fastest legged robot in the World, surpassing 29 mph, a new land speed record for legged robots. The previous record was 13.1 mph, set in 1989 at MIT.
Instagram to start allowing ads in US photo streams i dont think they should put ads on instagram .
A government shutdown: What could it look like? 1.) It look like nobody is working at this time . 2.)its affect my dad, aunt , uncle and cousin. 3.)yes im affect because im looking for a job.
A government shutdown: What could it look like? 1.) It look like nobody is working at this time . 2.)its affect my dad, aunt , uncle and cousin. 3.)yes im affect because im looking for a job.
Google Expands Its Boundaries, Buying Waze for $1 Billion google is buying waze for 1 billion dollar to get a maps better.
US websites suspended after federal shutdown 1.) its affect me because im trying to get a job this year. 2.) yes
A Surge in Growth for a New Kind of Online Course 1.)I like to learn is vision and writing on a whiteboard and smartboard. 2.) I like to learn with other students and online classes 3.)in class is better than online classes. 4.) CourseTalk 5.)
Google Alters Search to Handle More Complex Queries 1.) the new codename for Google's new search-engine algorithm is hummingbird 2.) 3.) the different system search engine is old engine t he k nowledge graph introduced last year, understands the meanings of and relationships between things, people and pl...
How Israel's Biggest Drone Could Take Out Iranian Nukes I think that Israel is the biggest Drone and the united state of america have the smallest Drone in the world .
Apple Touch ID fingerprint tech 'broken', hackers say The hacker is hacking iphone 5s with a fingerprint . Hackers claim to have broken Apple's iPhone 5S Touch ID fingerprint recognition sys...
Empty F-16 jet tested by Boeing and US Air Force Two US Air Force pilots controlled the plane from the ground as it flew from a Florida base to the Gulf of Mexico Boeing suggested that t...
Apple fingerprint tech raises 'privacy questions I think that Senator Al Franken is worried about are how well customer fingerprint data will be protected and kept private.
Math of Popping Bubbles in a Foam Berkeley Lab researchers mathematically describe the complex evolution and disappearance of foamy bubbles I think that math is teaching that in object you can use by math . computer science teaching bout bubbles for math .
UK games developer Blitz Games Studios shuts down Blitz company is not selling good proudct and video games . like sponge bob squarepants, sherk,and mickey mouse that why they not sellin...
Tube cleaners refuse fingerprint clock-in, union says they think that fingerprints is good for phones and all technology .
