Sony goes release crazy in US this week - It's a big week for Sony. Well, it is if you're in the US at least, as the company has released three of its high-end devices in the country recently. The list includes two major new additions to the company's line up, the Xperia Z1 and Xperia Z1 Ultra. Both the smartphone and phablet have... Read more The post Sony goes release crazy in US this week appeared first on .
ICYMI: Nexus 5, Sony's charge and Samsung's eye-scanner - Today's video talks about new Nexus 5 leaks, Sony's rumoured one hour battery charging, and Samsung's rumoured Galaxy S5 eye-scanner.The post ICYMI: Nexus 5, Sony's charge and Samsung's eye-scanner appeared first on .
Apple touch patent regained, much to rival's dismay - Apple has regained its invalidated multi-touch patent, meaning the company is set to go to town on a bunch of rivals. The Apple touch patent could prove to be a bit of a sore point for a few companies in the months to come. The late Steve Jobs announced the multi-touch tech along with the... Read more The post Apple touch patent regained, much to rival's dismay appeared first on .
BlackBerry Z10 and Q10 begin receiving BB10.2 update - If you're one of those increasingly rare BlackBerry owners, then you may be interested to hear that the BlackBerry Q10 and Z10 are both beginning to receiving their BB10.2 updates although it's currently only reported in Singapore. BB10.2 brings in quite a few updates over the BB10 OS, with the ability to set multiple... Read more The post BlackBerry Z10 and Q10 begin receiving BB10.2 update appeared first on .
Sharp Chop-Syc is a cutting-edge chopping board which uses a touchscreen
Need money for an iPhone? One Chinese couple allegedly sold their daughter
Hulu Plus for Nintendo 3DS now available - This one is for those of you who reside in the US, given Hulu Plus isn't available here in the UK or anywhere else really but if you're a US-owning Nintendo 3DS owner, then you've now got a new use for that 3D-touting portable gaming console. As of today you can now access Hulu... Read more The post Hulu Plus for Nintendo 3DS now available appeared first on .
Smart Media Player from Samsung looking to topple Apple TV - Not wanting to be left behind in any one area, Samsung has announced its answer to Roku and Apple TV the Samsung Smart Media Player. Basically it's a box that will run the company's Smart TV interface. The kicker? It's price. The box is retailing for $150, which is $50 more expensive than the... Read more The post Smart Media Player from Samsung looking to topple Apple TV appeared first on .
Lenovo considering buying BlackBerry - After one Chinese company turned down the possibility of buying BlackBerry, another could have just come to the rescue. According to the Wall Street Journal, Lenovo has signed a non-disclosure agreement with BlackBerry to give Lenovo the chance of looking at BlackBerry's finances a little closer. The WSJ hasn't disclosed sources and it's not the... Read more The post Lenovo considering buying BlackBerry appeared first on .
Nexus 5 gets posted on Google Play, taken down already - If there's any doubt in your mind that the Google Nexus 5 is coming, then now is about the time to expel those doubts as it's already made its way to the Google Play Store, albeit for a short period of time. The Nexus 5 was listed for $349 and featured a 1080p 4.95-inch display,... Read more The post Nexus 5 gets posted on Google Play, taken down already appeared first on .
Charging could be done in an hour with Sony's next Xperia - Battery life and charging remains one of the biggest flaws in smartphones today. We have incredible power stuffed into these handsets, but it comes at the cost of usually around eight or so hours of battery lift. That makes overnight charging a must. Sony could be changing all of that with new wireless charging tech... Read more The post Charging could be done in an hour with Sony's next Xperia appeared first...
Q3 earnings report is good for Google, not as much for Motorola
Eye scanning tech coming to Galaxy S5? - We're only just introducing fingerprint scanners into our smartphones with Apple's iPhone 5s and the HTC One Max, but Samsung literally has its eye on the next big thing eye scanning. AndroidSaS reports that the Korean manufacturer will be including eye scanning tech in the unannounced Samsung Galaxy S5. Take it with a pinch... Read more The post Eye scanning tech coming to Galaxy S5? appeared first on .
France sees iPhone price hike - Bad news for Apple fans in France the company has increased the price of both its iPhone 5s and iPhone 5c in the country. It's not the biggest increase the range of models have risen anywhere from 10 to 18 euro. Previously iPhone 5s prices were at €699 for the 16GB, €799 for... Read more The post France sees iPhone price hike appeared first on .
Google, Apple are the world's most in demand employers - It's been a good season for tech companies in terms of lists. Firstly, Apple was crowned the planet's most valuable brand, overtaking Coca-Cola after 13 years, and then Microsoft was named the most inspirational brand. Now it's Google's turn, as the company has be named the most in demand employer out there. The LinkedIn-made list... Read more The post Google, Apple are the world's most in demand employers appea...
Nokia Smartwatch revealed in patent posting - Every man and his dog seem to be developing a smart watch these days, and Nokia is definitely considering the idea according to an application to the Patent and Trademark Office. The concept put forward by Nokia seem to be a more modular style smart watch, with what looks like a small version of the... Read more The post Nokia Smartwatch revealed in patent posting appeared first on .
Twitter to take on Facebook Messenger with standalone Direct Messaging app
I.C.Y.M.I. 012: Adidas Smartwatch, Acer W4 and App money - It's time for I.C.Y.M.I! Today's video talks about the new Adidas Smartwatch the Acer Iconia W4 and app revenues.The post I.C.Y.M.I. 012: Adidas Smartwatch, Acer W4 and App money appeared first on .
LG G Pad 8.3 now available through Best Buy - It may be unknown exactly what day the LG G Pad 8.3 will be arriving in the UK, but US users have just gone and received a bit of good news it's available today. The 8.3-inch tablet is currently being listed on Best Buy's website for an extremely low $349.99, so if you feel... Read more The post LG G Pad 8.3 now available through Best Buy appeared first on .
Tesco launching its own 4G service for £2.50 extra a month - As of today Tesco Mobile users can enjoy 4G connectivity. That is if they're willing to at an extra £2.50 onto their contract a month. Anyone on a current Tesco Mobile contract can access the super faster network, which uses O2s own network. That means right now it's limited to London, Leeds, Bradford, Birmingham, Coventry,... Read more The post Tesco launching its own 4G service for £2.50 extra a month appe...
Adidas announces Android smartwatch for use with miCoach - Adidas' miCoach app does big business for the company, and it's about to take it to the next level with its very own smartwatch. The fitness giant has announced the Adidas miCoach Smart Run smart watch. More than a bit of a mouthful, isn't it? The new device obviously isn't positioned to compete with feature-complete... Read more The post Adidas announces Android smartwatch for use with miCoach appeared first ...
App revenues total $15.5 billion in 2013 - Apps are big business. No, wait, hold the slow clap, we have some figures on app revenues in 2013 for you. IHS has reported that app business will be worth $15.5 billion by the end of the year. Specifically, that's how much money will have actually been spent on or in them. Some 85 percent... Read more The post App revenues total $15.5 billion in 2013 appeared first on .
Cheaper iMac inbound next year? - It's easy to talk about success when it comes to Apple both the iPhone and iPad have sold incredibly well for years. But that company's Macs don't quite see the same popularity. It's fair to say that sales have been behind a bit in recent years. A cheaper iMac could bring about and end... Read more The post Cheaper iMac inbound next year? appeared first on .
Acer unveils Iconia W4, update to the poorly received W3 - We had heard inklings that Acer was working hard to improve its ill-received Iconia W3, and today those inklings turned out to be true with the company officially unveiling the Iconia W4. The biggest difference you'll notice straight away is the screen, Acer has kept the resolution at a rather low 1,280 x 800,... Read more The post Acer unveils Iconia W4, update to the poorly received W3 appeared first on .
Samsung Galaxy Round may just be a testbed for things to come
Windows 8.1 now available - Microsoft has begun rolling out a major update to the Windows 8 operating system, with the long-awaited Windows 8.1 upgrade. The download is available from the Windows Store right now, with Windows 8 users getting it for absolutely nothing. Windows 7 users can also go and get the update, but will have to pay $120... Read more The post Windows 8.1 now available appeared first on .
Apple raising App Store prices yet again - If you live in Japan and are a frequent visitor of the App Store on iOS or Max OS X, then be prepared to find yourself with a slightly larger bill as of today. Apple has begun emailing users warning them of a price hike which is being done in order to combat a falling... Read more The post Apple raising App Store prices yet again appeared first on .
Nexus 5 release date set for October 30 - The Nexus 5 hasn't yet been officially announced yet, with that due to take place later this month although that won't stop us from speculating about a possible release date. According to Amazon Italy, the Nexus 5 could go on sale on October 30, given that is the date a protective case for the... Read more The post Nexus 5 release date set for October 30 appeared first on .
Galaxy S4 Zoom heading for AT&T according to leak - If the Lumia 1020 isn't thick enough for you, and you want something that is essentially a camera with a smartphone built-in, then if you're in the US and on AT&T, then you will not have to wait much longer. According to a leak provided to us by evleaks on Twitter, the Samsung Galaxy S4... Read more The post Galaxy S4 Zoom heading for AT&T according to leak appeared first on .
Facebook for Windows 8.1 arrives ahead of schedule - It has been an app that everyone has been asking for, but Facebook for Windows 8.1 is now officially available in the Windows Store. As of today, you'll be able to peruse your Facebook Wall without the need to use a third-party solution or using the Facebook website on either a Windows 8 PC or... Read more The post Facebook for Windows 8.1 arrives ahead of schedule appeared first on .
Nokia goes back to cyan with Lumia 1520 - We're going for to start this off by saying we're rather sceptical about this leaked picture of the Lumia 1520. Whilst it aligned with what we've seen of it before, the image seemingly shows Nokia returning to its Lumia roots with a cyan option. The reason for our apprehension is the source a previously... Read more The post Nokia goes back to cyan with Lumia 1520 appeared first on .
I.C.Y.M.I. 011: Apple event, iPhone 5c and the HTC Amazon phone
Apple Campus gets the go-ahead from Cupertino City Council - Apple's Spaceship campus won't have to wait long before it begins breaking ground with the City Council of Cupertino officially approving all permits for the site. The plan for the campus was first unveiled by Steve Jobs, who once said of the building: "It's a little bit like a spaceship landed… It's curved all the... Read more The post Apple Campus gets the go-ahead from Cupertino City Council appeared firs...
Maintenance updates inbound for Xperia Z1, Z Ultra - A few software upgrades are inbound for the Sony Xperia Z1 and Z Ultra. These over-the-air maintenance updates aren't going to include support for Android 4.3 but do have some big improvements of their own. Firstly, the Z1 will see is few updates to its camera, mostly to do with system stability. Some codes have... Read more The post Maintenance updates inbound for Xperia Z1, Z Ultra appeared first on .
iOS 7 users reporting motion sickness, one in four of them - iOS 7 comes with some impressive new features, but for one in four iOS 7 users, it may also come with a motion sickness side effect. According to a poll from uSwitch, 27 percent of iOS 7 users have reported experiencing motion sickness due to the animations present in the OS. The problem was first... Read more The post iOS 7 users reporting motion sickness, one in four of them appeared first on .
Galaxy S5 to be dust, water resistant? - If you're looking for a Samsung phone that's able to take a bit of a beating then the Active series has already been designed for you. That could be changing with the rumoured Galaxy S5. Reports coming out of Korea are suggesting that the latest flagship model will come back with both water and dust... Read more The post Galaxy S5 to be dust, water resistant? appeared first on .
Podcast: HTC One Max, Apple iPads and GDR3 - It's that time of the week, it's podcast day and this week do we have something special for you. We almost weren't able to deliver you this week's podcast after consecutive technical issues in the What Mobile studio, but thankfully they are now all sorted and we have some exciting things for you to... Read more The post Podcast: HTC One Max, Apple iPads and GDR3 appeared first on .
Amazon phone could be built by HTC - Amazon has enjoyed a lot of success with its Kindle tablet line, but the company is yet to move into phone handsets. We recently heard rumours that such a device could use a 3D display, and now reports are coming in that HTC could be building the Amazon phone. The Financial Times has been told... Read more The post Amazon phone could be built by HTC appeared first on .
