Want another phablet besides the Note 3 and One Max? Well, Sony's Xperia Z Ultra might be another option for you! The massive phone is now available unlocked in the US directly from Sony! As a recap, this beast comes with a tablet-like 6.4-inch display, a quad core Snapdragon 800 CPU, 8MP rear shooter and Android 4.2! Besides the Ultra , other Sony products like Xperia Z1 and _SmartWatch 2 is also up for pre-order. Now, do you love or hate a phone of such massive proportions?
Lenovo introduces the A10, its first Android-powered convertible laptop
+ MD Anderson Cancer Center and IBM Watson are teaming up to help #EndCancer . More on today's announcement:
NVIDIA's Gamestream, the evolution of Shield's PC streaming tech. We go hands-on:
Chinese scientists have found a unique way to connect to the Internet. In order to use Internet, signals will be sent via light bulbs instead via radio wave signals. This method may cause a stir in the world of internet. Professor of Information Technology in Fudan University in Shanghai Shi Nan said about it that, " if instead via radio frequency this work is done via light signals to do the same thing, then one watt LED bulb can connect 4 computers to the Internet. " According to Shi Nan, Head of the team who performed this new search, LED bulb fitted with microchips can cause data rate of up to 150 megabits per second ,more than the average broadband speeds. Britain's University and Edinburgh's Harald Haas named this technology "Li-Fi". Being Light Communication and on the lines of Wi - Fi it got its name Li- Fi.
Another day, another #rumor that #lenovo is planning an #acquisition
Someday, machines could bleed like we do. IBM is working on a liquid battery to power computers, inspired by the way blood powers your brain:
The world's first Quad HD display smartphone, Vivo Xplay 3S is to be launched soon. Looks excellent by the design, and the pixel density is a whooping 538 PPI.
Fantastic picture! "Last month, Nimoy ventured to Coney Island, New York, where he posed for a photo with Patrick Stewart and Ian McKellen. Nimoy captioned the twitpic: “At Coney Island. One Spock and two Sirs. LLAP.” " Read more --> Picture source and courtesy of www.startrek.com
Bionic Man, made of prosthetics and artificial organs, will grace the streets of Washington, DC tomorrow
Want another phablet besides the Note 3 and One Max? Well, Sony's Xperia Z Ultra might be another option for you! The massive phone is now available unlocked in the US directly from Sony! As a recap, this beast comes with a tablet-like 6.4-inch display, a quad core Snapdragon 800 CPU, 8MP rear shooter and Android 4.2! Besides the Ultra , other Sony products like Xperia Z1 and _SmartWatch 2 is also up for pre-order. Now, do you love or hate a phone of such massive proportions?
Ready to go on assignment with a National Geographic Photographer and Photo Editor? Change is the only constant in this world. It happens everyday, so fast that sometimes the human eye cannot register it. This is when the power of photography stands out: We're able to document and preserve moments of change. Our Your Shot community celebrates the power of photography every day, and to continue that celebration we're inviting you to go on assignment to capture change with Photo Editor Sadie Quarrier and National Geographic Photographer Cory Richards. Find out how to become part of the Your Shot community and join the assignment: Before the assignment ends, watch our live Hangout on October 16 at 1 p.m. EST (5 p.m. UTC) with Sadie and Cory to talk about what photography means to them and how you can get involved with Your Shot. Post your questions below using #LetsExplore .
Unauthorized Access Backdoor found in D-Link router Firmware Code. Just by changing the user-agent in a web browser a user could bypass the security on the device. Read more :
AMOLED vs LCD - Which do you prefer? Read on to learn more about the differences:
Introducing the HP Chromebook 11, designed and built in partnership with our friends at + HP . It has all the speed, simplicity and security benefits you've come to expect from a Chromebook, with unique design elements that makes it easier to get stuff done. And all for $279. Look for it starting today in the US at + Best Buy , + Amazon.com and + Google Play and in the UK at Currys, PC World and more. It will also be coming to other countries in time for the holidays. Find out more on the Chrome blog: #chromebook #foreveryone
The Debian project is pleased to announce the second update of its stable distribution Debian 7 «wheezy»
Are more Earths out there? Astronomers have spotted water-soaked asteroid remains outside our solar system for the first time:
#Mozilla released version 1.1 of its #Linux-based #Firefox OS operating system, adding MMS support, push notifications, and performance improvements. Meanwhile, Telefonica, Deutsche Telekom, and Telenor announced plans for launching Firefox OS phones in South America and Europe, following “very successful” early sales.
When good intentions go bad - gadget recycling, and Ghana's troubling gadget wasteland.
1976, this trailer introduced Star Wars to the world... and look at those mindblowing effects!
Watch Fight! Rolex Daytona vs. Samsung Galaxy Gear. If you could wear only one of these two watches today, which one would you put on your wrist, and why?
Valve: "NVIDIA has done a ton of work to optimize its GTX GPU series on Linux."
Scientists accidentally created these strange two-dimensional quasicrystals in their lab.
Spec by Spec breakdown of the Nexus 4 vs. Nexus 5. This info is based on the leaked manual and FCC filings. Originally published by Droid Life here.
+ Samsung Mobile 's Galaxy Gear marketing is very clever. Here's the next video: Samsung Galaxy Gear: A Long Time Coming . And part 2: Samsung Galaxy Gear: Evolution .
It's the premiere episode of Googlicious on CNET! Nexus 5 graphics benchmarks leak out, the Galaxy Note 3 and Galaxy Gear go on sale this week and Google Glass hits the road.
#iPhone Fingerprint scanner hacked again; Flaw allows attacker to hijack Apple ID Read & Watch Demo : #Security #TouchID
