"Sony's RX10 combines big zoom and big sensor into 'the one camera to do everything'"
I love that people choose beauty over pure functionality like this. Made for Walking: The World's Most Aesthetic Footbridges
After hanging the new bike lift and then putting together my new bed, I took a break out by the river. Nice!
Cool little pulley system to lift the bike up and out of the way.
"Sony's RX10 combines big zoom and big sensor into 'the one camera to do everything'"
I am loving the biking and hiking trails that start just outside my door. I explored two of the connector trails that hook up to the Neuse River Trail. Nice rides but a bit hilly--good for days I want more of a work-out. Also explored more of the trail that runs along Falls Lake--it just gets nicer and nicer the farther on it I go.
"After 6 months of Paleo" This has happened to me a few times. I really need to go buy some new pants.
Despite it being a rainy, cool, cloudy day, after unpacking more boxes and putting together more furniture, I needed to get out. I walked from my condo across the bridge over the Neuse River and started hiking a 3 mile loop trail along Falls Lake. It was utterly delightful!
I finally have internet access and phone service at my new condo at River Mill, Wake Forest, NC. After packing a 14 ft. van (with the help of my brothers, Charlie and Robert), Charlie and I drove to Raleigh, NC and unloaded. Between building new furniture, unpacking boxes, and exploring the area, I'm beat by the end of each day. What an adventure! (More pics to come as I transform this place into my home.)
The four food groups (when you are trying to eat everything left in the kitchen before moving to a new state).
Rod Stewart returns to his folk roots in this version of Mandolin Wind. Take a 70's break.
My sister's heirloom tomato garden is still giving abundantly.
This guy's story matches mine, as long as I stay away from the processed carbs: "Finally Achieving My Greatest Unattained Goal | Robin Nixon: Top-selling author & publisher"
Blue Ridge Parkway in Virginia and in North Carolina (around Asheville). Some trails around Asheville including the trail down to Skinny Dip Falls and pictures of the falls. Pictures of the Neuse River Trail in Raleigh, NC. Pictures of River Mill, the 1855 mill converted into condos, one of which I am moving into. Pictures from inside and outside at the North Carolina Art Museum including one pic from the restaurant inside the museum where I had a wonderful lunch.
Time for some classic Bruce! This brings back memories of seeing him in concert during the Born To Run tour at the Spectrum in Philly. He's such a story teller.
"The single biggest drag on the U.S. economy."
Love seeing this kind of success. Personally, I've lost over 25 lbs so far: "Paleo Success Story – I have gone from XXXL to M shirts and from a 44 waist to 30 waist…"
This is my food plan. Care to join me in greater health? Try it for 21 days or for the rest of your life.
: "What if surfing was your job?"
One Question That Could Change Your Life for the Better
I related to much in this as I too ponder "where is home."
Ah, yes, an ongoing theme in my life. Luckily I have The Work of Byron Katie now to help me get it all sorted out. Still, this is a very insightful article into what many of us experienced throughout childhood and beyond. #depression #TheWork #dabrowski
Wow, an intelligent, quiet movie I quite enjoyed. Haven't seen a movie like this in some time. It's nice to see they are still being made.
Hope for the world!
The voice within is what I’m married to. All marriage is a metaphor for that marriage.
Took a fragrant walk in the very lush and green Landis Woods today. Very refreshing.
Playing with the new Auto-Awesome feature on Google+ which automatically merges a series of photos to make an animated gif. #AutoAwesome
Testing the Panorama function on my new Google Nexus 4 phone. Pretty cool! Click on it to move up and down and all around.
And the office today, with a little bit of rain.
"Accept Dependence" What are you dependent on? Isn't that wonderful? Read the article and find out what I mean. "Like runners in a great relay race, you hand the baton each day to the you who wakes up the next morning."
"Could an app replicate the placebo effect?"
This has been proven to work in India already. I think eventually people will see this is not communism but simply practical and a win-win for all.
One of the most hilarious things I've seen in a while. Truly LMAO! What a world we live in...
