Sony Xperia M review Sony Xperia M - Design It's no real surprise that the glass front and back panels on the high end Xperia phones have been swapped for a matte plastic body in the Xperia M. It's closer in look and size to the Xperia L . But the arched back is more subtle on...
Sony Xperia M review Sony Xperia M - Design It's no real surprise that the glass front and back panels on the high end Xperia phones have been swapped for a matte plastic body in the Xperia M. It's closer in look and size to the Xperia L . But the arched back is more subtle on...
Stock Android (JellyBean ) 4.1.2 for for your Xperia U Stock Android (JellyBean ) 4.1.2 for for your Xperia U Screenshots: All features should work like camera fm radio wifi etc Changelog: V6 - rom is compatible with all mods for Xperia P (toggles, settings app etc.) - illumination bar fixed (thanks to NoobC...
Upgrade Sony Xperia P LT22i to Official Android 4.1.2 Jelly Bean Firmware [6.2.A.0.400] Now what are you waiting for? Go ahead and experience all new JB on your Xperia P LT22i. Disclaimer : Steps given in this article are risky & can cause damage to your device. You should not try to attempt these things if you are unaware of it. Please follo...
Download Latest Google Apps (GApps) for Your Android Device Download Latest Google Apps (GApps) for Your Android Device Google Apps (or GApps as they are commonly referred to) is a service from Google providing independently customizable versions of several Google products under one name. Most of the applications ca...
Lite | Super Fast | Stable New Room For Xperia U THIS IS FOR UNLOCKED BOOTLOADER ONLY! Rom Features: Android 4.0.4 Built on the CM9 Xperia Z Ultra Theme & cm9 modded Theme Fast Ever,Smooth Ever and stable Ever ! Excelent Battery Life which Handel Hard Use . Removed unnecessary applications to increase you...
MIUI 4.0.4 V5 FOR Xperia U ~185mb free ram so its amazing Rom Features: Android 4.0.4 Based on Cm9 kumquat ~185mb free ram so its amazing Lite , Fast , smooth & multitasking Long Life Battery Build Prop Tweaked Frameware Modded & Tweaked Multi-Language 65 world language Gapps Included Miui Keyboard Free Ram And P...
how to install the officiall Android 4.0.4 for Sony XPERIA U ST25i a) first of all, check your firmware version (if you already have the newest one, you do not need this tutorial) b) download and install latest Flashtool from link c) download also android 4.0.4 link for Sony XPERIA U ST25i Place firmware in correct ...
family of the year
