Water and dust proof Smartphones: Sony's XPeria Z's major USP (Unique Selling Point) is that it is both dust and water resistant! Perfect for clumsy people who live in really dusty surroundings. So, Sony unveiled a mobile that survives water and dust, but STILL no-one has thought to release...
Will.i.am and Brian David Johnson talk 'Wizards&Robots' Music maestro, and tech enthusiast/innovator Will.i.am has finally combined his love for technology and science-fiction. This week, he attended New York's Comic Con, as he showcased a new graphic comic series titled: 'Wizards & Robots', that he produced al...
Latest FAIL Video: 'Worst Parking Exit Ever' video has become the latest FAIL video to go viral with over 70,000 views on YouTube, in just two days. Watch a lady struggle to get out of a parking exit, causing congestion for other drivers. ...
Dell Venue 8 Pro: Yesterday, Dell unleashed their latest tablet, compatible with Windows 8.1; the first tablet equipped with Intel Bay Trail Processor, a higher-performace processor. This tablet runs using Intel Atom Z3740D - capable of running at a speed of 1.8GHz. Dell'...
Apple Keynote September 2013: If you missed last month's Apple event you can catch it here - or on YouTube. This comes ahead of Apple's upcoming event next week, 22nd October. According to London's Metro Newspaper, Apple's new iPad, Macbook, Mac Mini or OS X Mavericks could all be laun...
Couple sold a baby for iPhone: A young couple in China are reported to have sold their baby daughter for £5,000 in order to buy an iPhone. The stone-hearted couple, identified as Miss Zhang and Mr Teng, had anonymously advertised the deal in newspapers, claiming that once the baby was bo...
Anki: Toy Racing Anki Drive, a new racing game, has been launched today. The game is similar to its competitors - aka 'Hot Wheels', and 'scalextrics', but Aki Drive mixes robotics and consumer-grade artificial intelligence. Anki Drive will go on sale from next week, at th...
Facebook's new privacy rules: One of the biggest social-networking sites has been dominating topics of conversation when it comes to technology... Facebook is now allowing teens to share their posts publicly for the first time, if they so wish. However, new users will have their profil...
Tosh.0: Tosh.0 is an American programme where a comedian shares the funniest, craziest and most talked about videos that go viral. It was streamed on YouTube 'cause it's THAT GOOD! The video above is the 6th episode from Season 1. Join, Daniel Tosh as he uncovers...
Windows 8.1: It's TIME! Microsoft's new update is now available for download, in the form of Windows 8.1. Existing Windows 8 users will receive a notification when they visit their Windows Store, informing them that they are entitled for the upgrade, that will give the...
Korean Tourist Police: South Korea have unveiled their very own bi-lingual Tourist police named after the infamous viral craze: 'Gangnam Style'. This police force can interact with just about any tourist. They are ready to help any tourist, 'cause they know how difficult it is to...
Army of Robots: China are developing an army of Robotics, watch 'em go - above! Robotics and Artificial Intelligence is always expanding, this video shows you how robots will change our society, by the next decade. Everybody knows that China lives...
Underwater WiFi: Researchers from University of Buffalo, New York, have tested an "underwater wi-fi" network located in a lake. Results of this test can allow them to determine whether they can develop "deep-sea internet". The team predict that such technology could be use...
The future of technology: Bored? Check out this BBC documentary based on the future of technology. The programme is an hour long, and was aired up to 3 months ago, but it's really interesting! This documentary, 'Technology Of The Future' delves into the wonderful world of technology...
Google Smartwatch: CNET have revealed that Google may have a Smartwatch in its pipeline! According to reports, 9to5Google revealed: 'Google Now may be at the forefront of the new watch and tie in with your Android smartphone.' Speaking of the gadget, 9to5Google said: 'The Sm...
Water and dust proof Smartphones: Sony's XPeria Z's major USP (Unique Selling Point) is that it is both dust and water resistant! Perfect for clumsy people who live in really dusty surroundings. So, Sony unveiled a mobile that survives water and dust, but STILL no-one has thought to release...
New Technology: 2013 is flying by! Here's a YouTube video dedicated to the best New Technology that the biggest tech giants have brought us... & the year hasn't even ended yet!
ASDA 3D Printing: 3D printing is going global; so much so, that a UK supermarket chain, ASDA, has begun allowing customers to print in 3D, in store. Check the video out!
Video Of The Week: This is the latest video to go viral, and when you watch it you'll see why! Videos go viral for one of many reasons, random, funny, crazy, ridiculous and sometimes cute... This one's deffo cute! Two dogs help a baby to learn to crawl -- all together now: ...
Video Of The Week: This is the latest video to go viral, and when you watch it you'll see why... Videos go viral for one of many reasons, random, funny, crazy, ridiculous and sometimes cute. This one's deffo cute! Two dogs help a baby to learn to crawl -- all together now:...
How 2: CNET News Presents: Tips on how to look after your laptop's battery... Laptop batteries never last as long as retailers say they do, right? Well - now, they WILL last. This video will help you look after your lap...
How to: CNET News Presents: Tips on how to look after your smartphone battery... Smartphone batteries are probably the dumbest invention, right? Well - now, they don't have to be. This video will help you make the most of your Smartphone's battery...
Amazon book blunder Online retailer, Amazon, has been forced to remove many abuse-themed e-books from the company's infamous Kindle Store. Although Amazon has finally taken down many books, reports claim that many still remain. This move comes after a recent report publishe...
Robots: In honour of Wizards & Robots -- here's two videos dedicated to the lovely world of Robotics:
GTA V: Gameplay For those of you who actually have a life outside of gaming... Here's what you're missing if you haven't purchased or played GTA V yet. What am I saying? I'm sure you have, 'cause it is that good. Friends of mine abandon their livelihoods and become gremlin...
Samsung Galaxy 5 According to Korean website, Naver , Samsung have experienced a slowdown in sales for recent months. Therefore, Samsung being Samsung, they're planning to rush out their latest Samsung Galaxy 5 model, in an attempt to boost the company's sales. Naver report...
Facebook: NO PRIVACY Facebook has recently lifted and removed its privacy settings. Now, it's easier than ever for someone to search for you, even if you have set your profile to 'private'. This feature allows all users to be found through the site's search function. Prior to ...
Ultrasound chip and gesture control: Pretty soon, gadgets will be fitted with an Ultrasound chip that allows users to control their mobiles without even touching the screen! According to BBC: 'The technology works via an ultrasound chip that uses sound waves to interpret hand movements.' In a...
iPad 5 Leaked: Today, I'm treating you to a YouTube video about Apple's latest iPad 5's leaked images...Its' colour is out of this world, literally - Space Grey. This video is courtesy of YouTube channel, unboxtherapy .
WSJ: Will.i.am The legend, Will.i.am , speaks to WSJ (Wall Street Journal) about the inspiration behind EKOCYCLE, the recycling venture that he co-founded with Coca Cola.
RED and Jony Ives: Jony Ives has manufactured a special edition camera, Leica M, that's been manufactured to raise money for RED charity. RED charity, founded by U2's Bono, will host an auction in New York on November 23, as a way to raise money for Global Fund to fight Aids,...
BBC: the changes The BBC is ready to launch its new channel, BBC One +1, giving viewers another chance to catch-up on their fave. shows an after after their aired, without logging on to BBCiPlayer. It seems like its all change at the BBC as they're also planning to improve ...
Nexus 5: The latest model in LG's Nexus series is the eagerly anticipated Nexus 5; with 16GB of memory, it's expected to be a HUGE success, with a great battery to match! Great news for prospective customers, the 16GB model will come at a price of $299 - cheaper tha...
BBC Coding Initiative: BBC, has today unveiled plans to get the WHOLE of the UK into coding! Whether you're home, business and school. This initiative is expected to begin as early as 2015; 30 years after BBC started a push to make computing mainstream by putting BBC Micro comput...
Fifth State - The Movie: If you enjoyed 'The Social Network' and 'JOBS' (trailer) then you'll love this! WikiLeaks explained...
LG Curved Phones: It wasn't long ago that Samsung revealed its plans to release a curved phone... Above, you can watch the conference where the phone, Youm Flexible OLED, was first showcased at CES 2013. Now, South Korean tech giant, LG, has just announced plans to begin sel...
Coding: This is a video of a homeless, American man who learned to code in just 4 WEEKS! If a homeless man can do it, what can you do? Courtesy of Business Insider and i.am.angel .
