Sony Xperia Z Ultra officially available from today The Sony Xperia Z Ultra is officially available from today in the Netherlands and Belgium. This high-end 6.4-inch smartphone is primarily focused on entertainment. see this video here Sony Xperia Z Ultra The Sony Xperia Z Ultra is a relatively large smart...
Sony Xperia Z Ultra officially available from today The Sony Xperia Z Ultra is officially available from today in the Netherlands and Belgium. This high-end 6.4-inch smartphone is primarily focused on entertainment. see this video here Sony Xperia Z Ultra The Sony Xperia Z Ultra is a relatively large smart...
BBM for Android: new version available for beta testers BBM for Android is now a soap opera where many GTST viewer jealous, but there now seems to be a new build for beta testers available. BBM for Android BBM for Android would be launched almost two weeks ago, however, threw a spanner in the leaked version. The...
Samsung Galaxy Note 3 in sales, in line for a phone (and smart watch) Today the Samsung Galaxy Note 3 officially on sale. To celebrate, Samsung and Vodafone have devised a fun action for the early birds: wit...
BBM until next week at the Google Play Store The launch of BBM would take place last Saturday, but unfortunately for the millions of people waiting so that was not. Head of BBM at Bl...
Oppo N1: fast Android smartphone with rotatable camera The Oppo N1 has just been officially announced and is a more than interesting smartphone. Besides the fact that the first ' CyanogenMod s...
Rollout BBM for Android stop put, leaked version causes problems It was a ' thing ' for Saturday, finally we could use it. BBM on Android devices the plan was that at 13.00 local time the rollout would ...
Galaxy SIII - How to root galaxy s3 easily Match what I promised yesterday that I would share with you on how to root the Galaxy S3 I9300 , and now I will give a tutorial, so I hop...
NVIDIA Tegra is note-tablet for $ 200, sells these do not Android Tablet .- NVIDIA has so far done a lot for Android on tablets. In the acclaimed Nexus 7 was the chipset from NVIDIA that provided...
Galaxy S3 - About Binary Counter on Samsung Galaxy S3 About Binary Counter on Samsung Galaxy S3 .What is 'Binary Counter'? Samsung memory 'counter' to determine whether the device is ever in ...
Galaxy III - Android 4.3 for Samsung Galaxy S III surfaced on photo Android 4.3 is officially announced last July and we all know by now that this will come. Include the Samsung Galaxy S III and Galaxy Not...
Galaxy S3 Freeze - Here a solution to overcome the galaxy s3 freeze Galaxy S3 is the many who get freeze? open Facebook freeze, turn on wifi / mobile data freeze, and so on Like the already known with SDS ...
Nexus S - secret dialer code Nexus S i9020/i9023/M200 Are you one who uses the Nexus S? If Yes, You Have to Know that there is a hidden code in the Google Nexus S, The code is very beneficial...
BBM for Android coming September 20 BBM for Android , the BlackBerry Messenger application will go live September 20 according to the latest rumors. This step BlackBerry hop...
Acer Liquid S2, high Acer with 800 Snapdragon chipset Acer Liquid S2 the biggest news in our opinion is the launch of the Acer Liquid S2. At last we see of Acer a device that can take the top...
Android 4.4: ' announcement KitKat and Nexus 5 comes on October 14 ' The story behind the dessert names Android versions is quite interesting. When working on a new Android version Google gives the new code ...
BBM for Android leaks, probably September 18 launch BBM for Android is the only product worldwide BlackBerry still manages to attract attention. This pioneer in sending &#39;free&#39; messag...
