Sony launches full-frame Alpha 7 and Alpha 7R mirrorless interchangeable lens cameras Sony has launched two new mirrorless cameras, the Alpha 7 and Alpha 7R, which it claims to be the world's smallest full-frame interchangeable lens models. The Alpha 7R camera features a 36.4 (effective) megapixel 35mm Exmor CMOS sensor, the highest resoluti...
New Gadget Lets You Charge Your Smartphone On Fire New Gadget Lets You Charge Your Smartphone On Fire With the delicate technology we have nowadays, it seems that the gap between outdoors and the world of circuits and codes has grown exponentially. It appeared that man could never enjoy the great outdoors w...
THE NOBLE PRIZES IN 2013 The Nobel Prize in Physics 2013 The Nobel Prize in Physics 2013 was awarded jointly to François Englert and Peter W. Higgs "for the theoretical discovery of a mechanism that contributes to our understanding of the origin of mass of subatomic particles, and ...
Sony launches full-frame Alpha 7 and Alpha 7R mirrorless interchangeable lens cameras Sony has launched two new mirrorless cameras, the Alpha 7 and Alpha 7R, which it claims to be the world's smallest full-frame interchangeable lens models. The Alpha 7R camera features a 36.4 (effective) megapixel 35mm Exmor CMOS sensor, the highest resoluti...
Android 4.4 KitKat teased again by Google ahead of launch in an attempt to build hype about Android 4.4 KitKat, the latest iteration of its mobile and tablet operating system, Google has released a teaser image that gives another glimpse of the Android KitKat logo. Google posted the image to its Google+ page, with...
India beat Australia by 9 wickets to register 2nd highest run-chase in ODIs Welcome to the coverage of the 2nd ODI between India and Australia from the Sawai Mansingh Stadium in Jaipur. SCORECARD Team India notched up the mammoth total of 359 runs at the loss of just one wicket and with 39 balls to spare against Australia. Rohit Sh...
The Nokia 888 Concept Phone Here is yet another concept phone by Nokia. It’s called the Nokia 888
BCCI announce venues for West Indies series - Sachin Tendulkar to retire at Wankhede The Wankhede stadium in Mumbai, Sachin Tendulkar‘s home town, has been selected as the venue for his 200th Test, his last. The iconic Eden Gardens in Kolkata will host Tendulkar’s penultimate match of his career and the first Test of the 2-match series agai...
Microsoft unveils third Windows Phone 8 update with large display support, more Microsoft has finally announced the much-anticipated third update for Windows Phone 8. The company also mentions that the new update will be rolled out in the coming weeks and will be continuing for some months depending on the carrier and phone models. How...
NSA collecting contacts from personal email and IM across the world: Report The U.S. National Security Agency collects hundreds of millions of contact lists from personal email and instant messaging accounts around the world, including many from Americans, The Washington Post reported on Monday. The collection program intercepts em...
Leeches Used As Medicine This Indian doctor and his wife practice Ayurveda and as part of their form of medicine, they use leeches to help patients.
A blueprint for restoring touch with a prosthetic hand New research at the University of Chicago is laying the groundwork for touch-sensitive prosthetic limbs that one day could convey real-time sensory information to amputees via a direct interface with the brain. The research, published early online in the Pr...
Revised Time Table is released just now for jntuk-university for 1-2 Btech and MBA-MCA like us fb
Josh Fortune Square budget Android smartphone launched at Rs. 2,999 or 48.995 $ Josh Mobile has launched the Fortune Square smartphone for Rs. 2,999, which is the company's cheapest Android phone offering. The Josh Fortune Square comes with a 3.5-inch display with 320x480 pixels resolution and is powered by a 1GHz processor (unspecifie...
First data storage system more than 5,000 years old Prehistoric CDs! Scientists have discovered the world's "very first data storage system" - 5,500-year-old clay balls unearthed in Iran that were used for record-keeping in Mesopotamia. The clay balls, often called "envelopes", excavated in the 1960s, were m...
Samsung Galaxy S5 to be launched in January 2014: Report Samsung recently unveiled the Galaxy Note 3, its flagship phablet that boasts of top of the line specifications, overshadowing the Galaxy S4, the South Korean electronic giant's flagship smartphone that was launched earlier this year. Now, a new report by K...
Beer In Space: 11-Year-Old's Tiny Brewery Will Fly to Space Station Astronauts plan to make a cosmic beer on the International Space Station, thanks to an 11-year-old from Colorado in the US. Michal Bodzianowski's 15-cm-long microbrewery was designed to test the effects of making beer in space, and won a trip to the Space s...
Qualcomm's brain-inspired chip: Good phone, good robot This month, chipmaker Qualcomm opened up about its progress and goals in work on a brain-inspired chip architecture. The results are impressive. Computers that can mimic the human brain pose a challenge that attracts many computer scientists. While some peo...
King of Speed: 3.5L V6 EcoBoost Has Record-Setting Day in Day(Ford) Ford EcoBoost Ford on the track
do you know how the horror movies are taken ???(today's top video )
'Bionic man' walks, breathes with artificial parts Gentlemen, we can rebuild him, after all. We have the technology. The term "bionic man" was the stuff of science fiction in the 1970s, when a popular TV show called "The Six Million Dollar Man" chronicled the adventures of Steve Austin, a former astronaut w...
Delicious irony: iPhone 5S and iOS 7 plagued by Blue Screen of Death iphone-5s In the most incalculably ironic twist of fate ever devised by the computer gods, the iPhone 5S with iOS 7 is afflicted by a bug that results in a random Blue Screen of Death (BSOD) and then a complete reboot. While the iPhone BSOD lacks the mumbo-...
