So yeah, the Sony A7 & A&R, predictably I'm being hammered with requests to review them, both in DDTV and on my personal channel. I HAVE been hands on with them a couple weeks ago in a secret briefing, and I WILL be reviewing them. Meanwhile, over on the Digidirect facebook (UGHFACEBERK!!!) There's a GIVEAWAY happening!' "Sony’s amazing new assault on the full frame mirrorless interchangeable lens camera market has arrived! Introducing the new Sony A7 and A7R interchangeable lens cameras! The FULL FRAME A7 is available in 2 versions, the 24MP A7 & the monster 36MP A7R. Check out the specs for these 2 powerhouse offerings from Sony on our digiDIRECT website here – A7 A7R AVAILABLE FOR PRE-ORDER NOW! HOW TO WIN A SONY A7 1: SHARE THE digiDIRECT A7 FACEBOOK POST TO WIN A SONY A7 (to be drawn as soon as we have stock) 2: COMMENT UNDER THE FACEBOOK POST TO LET US KNOW YOU HAVE DONE SO 3: Must LIKE the digiDIRECT page to be eligible "
So yeah, the Sony A7 & A&R, predictably I'm being hammered with requests to review them, both in DDTV and on my personal channel. I HAVE been hands on with them a couple weeks ago in a secret briefing, and I WILL be reviewing them. Meanwhile, over on the Digidirect facebook (UGHFACEBERK!!!) There's a GIVEAWAY happening!' "Sony’s amazing new assault on the full frame mirrorless interchangeable lens camera market has arrived! Introducing the new Sony A7 and A7R interchangeable lens cameras! The FULL FRAME A7 is available in 2 versions, the 24MP A7 & the monster 36MP A7R. Check out the specs for these 2 powerhouse offerings from Sony on our digiDIRECT website here – A7 A7R AVAILABLE FOR PRE-ORDER NOW! HOW TO WIN A SONY A7 1: SHARE THE digiDIRECT A7 FACEBOOK POST TO WIN A SONY A7 (to be drawn as soon as we have stock) 2: COMMENT UNDER THE FACEBOOK POST TO LET US KNOW YOU HAVE DONE SO 3: Must LIKE the digiDIRECT page to be eligible "
Sigma 60mm f2.8 DN - MY new lens! - DigiDIRECT TV Ep 046 This week on DDTV, a #Sigma 60mm f2.8 DN review. The latest lens to be added to Blunty's personal gear collection is this fast prime from Sigma… but does it live up to the recent Sigma hype? Lets find out… "Sigma's AF 60mm f/2.8 DN Lens is a prime lens compatible with Olympus Micro 4/3 cameras offers a 90mm focal length equivalent in the 35mm format. This type of lens is a mid-range telephoto length lens with superb characteristics for portraiture" Sigma AF 60mm f/2.8 DN Lens for Micro 4/3 - Black Sigma AF 60mm f/2.8 DN Lens for Sony NEX - Black Missed "Sigma 30mm f2.8 for M4/3 REVIEW - AMAZING LENS! - DigiDIRECT TV Ep 025"? - Sigma 30mm f2.8 for M4/3 REVIEW - AMAZING LENS! - DigiDIRECT TV Ep 025 Offering a maximum aperture of f/2.8 provides shallow depth of field and makes this lens effective in low light. The minimum focus distance on this lens is 50.04 cm and its maximum magnification ratio is 1:7.2. A newly developed linear auto focus motor provides accurate ad quiet focusing which is ideal when shooting video. With Special Low Dispersion (SLD) glass elements and glass molded aspherical elements, this lens minimizes chromatic aberrations for sharp, high resolution images. A seven-bladed diaphragm creates an attractive blur in the out of focus areas. Key Features - Olympus Micro 4/3 cameras - Telephoto Prime Lens - 35mm Focal Length Equivalency: 90mm - Aperture Range: f/2.8-22 - Minimum Focus Distance of 50.04 cm - Special Low Dispersion Glass - Internal Focusing System - Linear Motor for Accurate and Quiet AF
instax mini 90 Neo Classic, Want one? - DigiDIRECT TV Ep 045 This week on DDTV, from Blunty's Adventures at "The digital Show", A preview of the exciting new "instax mini 90 NEO CLASSIC" an instant camera from FujiFilm designed and created for "serious" photographers to have FUN with Missed Episode 38 with the Instax Mini 8 review? - Instax Mini 8 review, "hack" & tips - DigiDIRECT TV Ep 038 "The #instax mini 90 - designed with a classic look The #instaxmini90 offers advanced features, such as bulb and double exposures, that are attractions of traditional analog cameras and offer an enhanced capability to capture light creatively. The instax mini 90 is also equipped with new functions and features like macro mode and high performance flash, making this an instant camera for every photographer developed under the concept "NEO CLASSIC." "
QuadCopter with Stabilised GoPro Gimbal! - DDTVpc - DigiDIRECT TV Ep 044 This week on DDTV, from Blunty's Adventures at "The digital Show", taking a look at the DJI Phantom Quadcopter with GoPro Hero Mount "The DJI Phantom Quadcopter Drone is a remote controlled, four-propeller quadcopter with a removable GoPro camera mount for capturing breathtaking POV footage from high vantage points" ready-to-fly right out of the box and it includes the remote control unit and receiver, which gives the device a transmission range of up to 300m. The Phantom also features an intelligent Naza-M + GPS multi-rotor autopilot system, which supports two flight modes and a failsafe function that will automatically trigger the device to land safely when control is lost. The Phantom can reach horizontal flight speeds of 10m/s, as well as vertical speeds of 6m/s. Plus, the included lithium-polymer battery supports up to 15 minutes of sustained flight time. The Phantom also offers low voltage protection, which will blink the integrated LEDs red when your battery is running low. It will also land automatically if the power levels get low enough. The LED indicators also provide orientation of the Phantom for safely flying it at night.
+ Grant Cassar The rules are all in the video description on youtube
So naturally I am inherently ineligible for the DDTV Photo challenges... AND this is far too "ordinary" for this months food brief... but I just cooked it and it is SO DELICIOUS... so LOOK AT IT! Japanese Curry. I am quite good at making it
This is EXACTLY the same type of curry you see often in anime. It's very popular in japan.
Served like this it's generally just called Curry rice, aka karē raisu. There are many variations.
I always seem to forget how impossibly busy shiz gets this time of year... especially so this year, as along with all the usual camera stuff hotting up in the lead in to the "holiday season", but all the gaming stuff revving up. The next batch of new camera geat I'll be testing should be the new Sony stuff, got a meeting with them in a few days. Along those lines; here's a snap #SOOC from my #RX100 from when I was in #Melbourne last weekend (for #TheDigitalShow ) - Hoping Sony let me wander away from the meeting with a #QX100 , really interested to see how that beastie folds into the world.
No Tangle, No Dangle, Go Strapless! - DigiDIRECT TV Ep 042 This week on DDTV, from Blunty's Adventures at "The digital Show", taking a look at the Peak Design Capture Camera Clip System
It's time again... #Canon #70D Full Review - DigiDIRECT TV Ep 040 This week on DDTV, Blunty reviews The #Canon70D DSLR Camera, with the 18-135mm STM f/3.5-5.6 Lens, and the Sigma 18-35mm F/1.8. Missed the Canon 70D Hands-on review in Ep 032?' Canon EOS 70D Review - Hands-on & 60D comparison - DigiDIRECT TV Ep 032 Or theCanon 70D Video Test - with Sigma 18-35mm f1.8 and full Servo AF?; Canon 70D Video Test - with Sigma 18-35mm f1.8 Canon EOS 70D Body only; Canon EOS 70D with 18-135mm STM f/3.5-5.6 Lens; The Canon 70D features a 20.2 megapixel APS-C CMOS sensor and DIGIC 5+ image processor to provide high-resolution images and excellent low-light sensitivity Key Features - 20.2MP APS-C CMOS Sensor - DIGIC 5+ Image Processor - Dual Pixel CMOS AF with Live View - 3.0" 1,040k-Dot Vari-Angle Touchscreen - Full HD 1080p Video with Move Servo AF - Built-In Wireless Connectivity - 19-Point All Cross-Type AF System - Continuous Shooting Rate Up to 7 fps - ISO 100-12800 (Expandable to ISO 25600) - Scene Intelligent Auto Mode
This week on DDTV, the "Slow Shutter" photo-challenge entries reviewed, and launching the the next of our monthly Photo challenges, #DDTVpc10 #DDTVpc9
The Walk is ON!!!! Check out todays video! + Scott Kelby kicks off the Worldwide Photo Walk for this October 5, 2013.
This week on DDTV, Blunty reviews #Fujifilm #Instax Mini 8 Instant Film Camera and throws in a "hack" and handy hints & tips. #instaxmini8
My Portrait Snapped by Rafy at DigiDirect on my #RX100 when we were testing out a new #Kinotehnik Viewfinder accessories the store just got in. The viewfinder if you're curious; The optics were really nice... Snaps on magnetically too. figure I'll grab one for a future DDTV review ep.
#Panasonic #Lumix #GX7 Review - DigiDIRECT TV Ep 037 This week on DDTV, Blunty reviews The #PanasonicLumixGX7 The #PanasonicGX7 Mirrorless Micro Four Thirds Digital Camera is a compact digital camera that includes a 16 megapixel Micro Four Thirds Digital Live MOS sensor and Venus Engine image processor to produce high resolution images with excellent low-light sensitivity to ISO 25600 Tests and sample images and video were taken with the new 20mm f1.7 Mark II Lens (which is a Kit lens option) and the Panasonic Lumix G X Vario 12-35mm f/2.8 Asph. Lens
This week on DDTV, Blunty reviews the new, groundbreaking, #Sigma 18-35mm F/1.8 DC HSM Art Lens. The Sigma 18-35mm 1.8 DC HSM is the first wide-angle to standard focal length zoom lens to achieve a large constant aperture of f/1.8. Designed specifically for APS-C sized sensors, the Sigma 18-35mm 1.8 DC HSM is truly a benchmark product.
Head's up BTW, there's kind of a big ol' nifty sale happening at the store starting today... I mean... just look at how many damn exclamation points they're using, you know they're serious yo! ;)
This week on DDTV, the "Scale" photo-challenge entries reviewed, and launching the the next of our monthly Photo challenges. #DDTVpc9
It's true that there were a couple other very well executed entries... + Lex Schulte won not only for a nice execution and crisp, simple clean, idea, but also because it's just a wonderfully joyful image... it makes me smile.
A few sample shots from my time with the new Olympus M.ZUIKO DIGITAL ED 75-300mm f/4.8-6.7 mark II lens (Review of which is todays DDTV episode, soon to follow this) #olympus #telephoto + Olympus AU
There's no sharpening etc added in post... just some fiddling with the colours. So this is a fair representation of the sharpness SOOC.
This week on DDTV, a review of a GREAT camera backpack… the Acme Made Montgomery Street Backpack....
#lowlightphotography - 2 second exposure, hand-held in free-space? Insanity? naaah... Totally easy thanks to the #OlympusEP5 's 5axis image stabilisation. I shot this expecting to crash into the limit of the stabilisation technology, was gobsmacked to find it came out near perfect. I teh <3 it. Of course, practice with a good solid stance and correct posture help enormously too.
DigiDIRECT TV Ep 032 Blunty gets a hands on review with the #Canon EOS #70D (and a quick preview of the #Sigma 18-35mm f1.8 lens, the world's first F1.8 constant aperture zoom lens…) Canon say the new EOS 70D will be a "game changer"… lets find out In this week's episode of DDTV.
I'm looking forward to putting the 70D though its paces. I've been using the 60D for three years, and it's nice to see Canon actually moving forward for a change instead of treading-water wrapping slightly different cameras around the same old sensor & focus tech. The 70D is something properly new and innovative.... especially if you like shooting video.
This week on DDTV, the "SELFIE" photo-challenge entries reviewed, and launching the the next of our monthly Photo challenges #DDTVpc7 #DDTVpc8
In this episode of DDTV Blunty reviews the The #Rode #SmartLav , a lavalier microphone for your Apple or Android mobile device that is designed to deliver high quality audio recording. "Rode smartLav Lavalier Condenser Microphone for Smartphones"
FYI BTW... at the King St store this Thursday, from 4pm-7pm, the store is hosting a #Canon Professional Lens Preview Event... The main featured product will be the apparently incredible Canon EF 200-400mm f/4L IS USM 1.4x Extender Lens. The Professional Imaging team from Canon will be in store during the event to answer any questions and to offer advice and tips around Canon Professional Imaging products including super telephoto lenses and EOS 1DX. This is the first event of its kind in Australia and not one to be missed. RSVP to ensure a hands on experience with the rare and incredible EF 200-400mm lens. A full range of Canon super telephoto lenses will also be in store for demonstration during the event. https://www.facebook.com/events/457018851056207/
Contrast of colour and form. #PentaxQ
New DigiDIRECT TV ep is live! "Lensbaby Spark Review - Cheap #Lensbaby Fun - DigiDIRECT TV Ep 029" In this episode of DDTV blunty reviews the Lensbaby Spark. "The Lensbaby Spark 50mm f/5.6 Selective Focus Lens is is an affordable, perfect entry level into the Lensbaby world and will set you on your way to experimental, creative and stunning selective focus photography"
This weeks DDTV is a review... A lens, but can you guess what lens? Here's the hint;
Well well well… #Pentax just announced a NEW Q model, with a 52% bigger images sensor & al! Meet the Q7. Colour me VERY intrigued.... and eager. I adore my original #PentaxQ Among other refinements Pentax says the new 1/1.7-inch backside-illuminated CMOS image sensor offers 60% better signal-to-noise ratio compared to the smaller 1/2.3-inch BSI chip used in previous Q-series models. Also a new body-cap lens... that should be fun too +
The PERFECT Camera? - DigiDIRECT TV Ep 028 What is the PERFECT camera? What is the best camera? What would constitute the worlds best camera for you?
+ Lex Schulte OR a more creative way to use a mirror to get the shot ;)
This week on DDTV, an aussie exclusive first look at the new Sigma 120-300mm F2.8 DG HSM OS Sports Lens... Sigma's 120-300mm F2.8 DG HSM OS Sports Lens is the first lens designed under Sigma's new Sports line of lenses, making it well-suited for fast-moving subjects such as wildlife, nature, aviation, racing, and other similar situations
From the Sigma 120-300 f2.8 OS preview event thingy at the Sydney CBD DigiDirect store yesterday + Blunty - DigiDIRECT #Sigma
In at DigiDirect Sydney store to check out the shiny new (and only one is Ausssieland) Sigma 120-300mm f2.8 it's a beast!
TIP, btw, I got that directional flare form the lights by swiping my thumb across my iPhone lens ;) - not all smudges on your lens are detrimental, sometimes you can use it for a bit of extra something-something
This week on DDTV, #Sigma 30mm f/2.8 DN Art Lens for micro four thirds #Review … it is one of the best value lenses you can buy for the micro four thirds system! … or any camera system actually… it's absurdly good value!
I don't want to comment on any particular entries (at least not while the #DDTVpc6 is still running) ... but I wanted to take a moment to day you guys are doing some damn fine stuff
This week on DDTV, answering a viewer email question on if and how to use a #GoPro camera to make vlogs and the like for youtube…
Naturally I'm ineligible... but I had some fantastic light this morning, which made me think of #DDTVpc6 of course...
+ Hans G Bäckman No, I mounted a CCTV c-mount lens to the Nikon 1 with a simple lens mount adapter.
