I've had my hands on the new Sony Alpha 7 and 7R cameras. read my first thoughts on the new full frame compact system cameras here...
Photography Cover Photo Selection – October 16, 2013 Jurassic Falls, Iceland © + Jay Patel This week's Nik Photography Cover Photo is brought to you by professional photographer, + Jay Patel . He travels around the world, capturing beautiful images such as this one. Check out more of + Jay Patel 's work and be sure to circle him on Google+! -- There are so many creative and wonderful images enhanced with the Nik Collection that we wanted to make sure everyone gets a chance to see them! We will be posting a new Cover Photo each week. If you would like to be considered, please follow these guidelines: - Post an image on your G+ page - Dimensions 2120 x 1192 pixel image (horizontal) - Mention the Nik product/s that you used - Add #nikcoverphoto in your description - Image should not be watermarked If you are selected, we will contact you for the image so that we can post it as a Cover Photo on our Nik Photography G+ page and give you proper credit. Thank you from the Nik Google+ Photos Team
Me with the new Sony Alpha 7 (it's not that big... neither are my hands... i swear)
10 Basic Tips To Make Sure Your Stock Images Are Accepted Many stock photo libraries, such as iStock, offer incentives for those photographers with a higher acceptance rate. So is important to make sure as many of your images are accepted as possible.This is especially true when you are starting out and are eager ...
I've had my hands on the new Sony Alpha 7 and 7R cameras. read my first thoughts on the new full frame compact system cameras here...
A few images taken with the Sony Cyber-Shot QX100. Interesting little camera - though you need to watch the battery life on your phone/tablet! Shame it can't shoot raw images. Look out for the full feature on the camera in Amateur Photographer Magazine - 19th October issue www.amateurphotographer.co.uk
I had a chance to use the new Canon EOS 70D - here are my first thoughts
Such as shame, but sadly a sign of the times
Daily Mail does it again! Is pressing a filter in Photoshop really newsworthy? I think they look awful. What do you think?
