Sony Xperia Z1 is headed to T-Mobile Just today we were talking about how Sony doesn’t seem to have any big plans for the US or Chinese markets , and then this happens. ‘This’ being the fact that the Xperia Z1 is headed to T-Mobile. Sure, that’s not the biggest carrier in the country, so th...
AT&T to Introduce $5 Per Day 250MB iPad Data Passes, $25 3-Month 1GB Data Plan AT&T senior vice president Charlie Penrose today announced that AT&T plans to introduce a new $5 daily 250MB data plan for tablet users who want to use cellular data occasionally, reports AllThingsD . Penrose announced the news at today’s GigaOM Mobilize ...
Some Galaxy Note 3 Users Encountering Boot Loops If you’re planning on picking up the Samsung Galaxy Note 3 for yourself, it seems that there have been a recent bout of complaints about the device, of which a proper resolution to the problem has yet to be discovered. According to some of the reports, some...
Android 4.4 KitKat Could See October 28th Release Date Much has been said as well as done about the upcoming Nexus 5 as well as the upcoming Android 4.4 KitKat mobile operating system. The thing is, we have already seen both appear on a video, not to mention that earlier this morning, we reported that it could ...
Motorola Unveils Web Tool To Help iPhone Users Make The Switch Given that the smartphone market is starting to become saturated in some regions, creating newer and better phones sometimes isn’t the only answer, but providing customers with an easy method to jump ship could help, and that’s what Motorola appears to be d...
Consumer Reports Find That iPhones Are “No Match” For Motorola’s Droid Lineup When it comes to choosing a smartphone, many factors are taken into consideration, such as hardware features, software features, price, brand loyalty, and etc., but for those looking for a little guidance, a recent Consumer Reports has suggested that when i...
HTC desire 709d released in china For those of you who happen to reside in China, here is something that might just interest you if you are a huge fan of all things HTC – the HTC Desire 709d. The HTC Desire 709d does seem to shape up to be a China-only handset, and it remains to be seen whe...
Samsung s4 zoom for AT&T According to an information given to us by @evleaks there is going to be a samsung s4 zoom released for the at&t .The 16-megapixel Galaxy S4 Zoom can be said to be an interesting mixture of the Samsung Galaxy Camera as well as the Samsung Galaxy S4 Mini. th...
Amazon's new phones only for prime subscribers Thanks to a report, it was suggested that Amazon’s own Android smartphone could have been designed by HTC, and with HTC making some pretty decent phones, why not, right? Well now the rumors are shifting slightly and while HTC is still the company that has b...
Samsung Galaxy Light announced by T-Mobile USA T-Mobile USA has officially announced a new Android smartphone made by Samsung. It’s called Galaxy Light and, according to the carrier, it will be one of its cheapest LTE handsets ever. Sadly, exact pricing details haven’t been revealed. The Galaxy Light sh...
Samsung Galaxy S4 has swelling battery problem, free replacements offered. But what about Galaxy S3? Not only is it not selling as well as anticipated , but the Samsung Galaxy S4 has another problem – swelling batteries. Yes, it appears that an unknown number of S4s are affected by this, and people are either seeing their batteries literally grow larger...
Vivo teases Xplay3S – world’s first 2K (2560x1440px) display smartphone The first Android smartphone with 1080p (1920x1080px) display was launched late last year, by HTC. Almost 12 months have passed since then, and Full HD displays today are not a novelty anymore. Every self respecting Android flagship has to have one. Now it...
Three HTC Amazon smartphones in the making? Amazon’s long-rumored smartphone might be ready for a commercial launch sometime in 2014. Last we heard, Amazon was working on two smartphones, but now a new report has it that the company is planning to introduce three handsets. According to Financial T...
LG G Pad 8.3 officially launching in the UK and Ireland soon LG has announced that its G Pad 8.3 would be available in the UK and Ireland “in the run-up to Christmas.” It looks like the tablet will be released in Ireland first, where customers should be able to find it starting the end of October. As previously repor...
Sprint and Vodafone UK confirm that they’ll carry the HTC One Max Earlier today, when HTC officially introduced its One Max phablet , it didn’t provide exact details on what carriers would sell the device. However, Sprint and Vodafone UK have both revealed that they’d offer the new One. According to the British carrier, ...
12 inch Apple and Samsung tablets rumored again New rumors coming out of Taiwan are reaffirming that both Apple and Samsung are currently developing large tablets that feature displays of around 12 inches. As previously mentioned, Apple is seemingly working with Quanta Computer to manufacture its large i...
HTC One Max finally announced, will be launched globally this month HTC has officially introduced its long-rumored One Max phablet – one day earlier than we’d expected. With its 5.9 inch Full HD display, the One Max is the largest Android handset HTC has ever made, measuring 164.5 x 82.5 x 10.29 mm, and weighing 217 grams...
Nokia Lumia 1520 full specs, more pics leak A lot of images of Nokia’s upcoming Lumia 1520 have leaked already. And we more or less know a lot about its specs – 6” display, Qualcomm 800 CPU, 20 megapixel PureView camera. But some things – like battery capacity, overall size and weight, etc; – have be...
LG G Flex renders reveal really curved display. AT&T and Sprint might launch the smartphone soon LG may not announce its first smartphone with flexible display until November, but it looks like we can already take a peek at the handset. Engadget ha posted a few renders that seemingly show the upcoming smartphone, expected to be officially called LG G ...
Nokia’s Lumia 2520 tablet may reach Verizon on November 17, priced at $499 On October 22, Nokia is holding an event in Abu Dhabi where it’s expected to announce no less than six new devices . One of these has long been rumored to be the Lumia 2520 , the Finnish company’s first tablet. It was said to be a ten-incher, and it wil...
Sony Xperia Z1 is headed to T-Mobile Just today we were talking about how Sony doesn’t seem to have any big plans for the US or Chinese markets , and then this happens. ‘This’ being the fact that the Xperia Z1 is headed to T-Mobile. Sure, that’s not the biggest carrier in the country, so th...
Sprint’s Samsung Galaxy Mega 6.3 appears in press render Samsung announced a Galaxy Mega 6.3 for Sprint back in August , when the device’s versions for AT&T and US Cellular were also unveiled. Both A&T and US Cellular are already selling the Galaxy Mega 6.3, but Sprint has yet to release it. It looks like it’s...
Samsung Galaxy S4 Mini for AT&T and Sprint pictured Samsung’s Galaxy S4 Mini is coming to the US soon – not only via AT&T (as previously rumored), but also via Sprint. Two versions of the S4 Mini, for both AT&T and Sprint, have been pictured today. AT&T’s S4 Mini appears in pink, but this doesn’t mean that’s...
Samsung may have pushed Galaxy S5 launch to January due to poor SGS4 sales Compared to any other Android vendor, Samsung’s flagship Galaxy S4 sales are great: 20 million units sold in the first 2 months. Many millions since then. And yet, persistent rumors that S4 is a disappointment for Samsung, with sales seriously missing inter...
HTC One Max is huge and heavy. Full specs confirmed We already knew that upcoming HTC One max will be a big phone. With 5.9” display, it can not be anything but huge. But its still hard to appreciate One Max size until you see it live, in someone’s hands. Well, now you can: In addition to this live pic, full...
Dual SIM LG G Pro Lite gets official LG has officially announced the G Pro Lite – a new Android handset that was first seen a couple of weeks ago. The G Pro Lite resembles the LG G Pro (already available around the world) – but only in terms of size and overall aspect, since it’s not a hig...
Android 4.4 for Sony Xperia Z1 rumored to come in November, Android 4.3 for Xperia SP in December Google is expected to introduce the next version of Android, 4.4 KitKat, sometime this month. That will happen alongside the launch of the LG Nexus 5, which will be the very first phone to be powered by KitKat. But what about other handsets? Well, they’ll n...
Note 3 available on verizon now Finally the Galaxy Note 3 is available on verizon for a price of $299 with a 2 year contract
Google tv changed to android tv Google is planning to ditch the “Google TV” name of its not spectacularly successful entertainment product in favor of “Android TV,” which is what Google TV devices will apparently be known as in the future. The move is not yet officially confirmed by Googl...
LG G2 available for pre-order on Sprint The LG G2 has been available on T-Mobile, Verizon and AT&T for a little over a month, although you Sprint subscribers who have been waiting for your taste of the powerful Android smartphone have unfortunately been left in the dark. Last we heard, Sprint was...
Twitter for samsung tablets released other android tablets next Twitter for Android Tablets will first be available on Samsung tablets, starting today with the Samsung Galaxy Note 10.1-2014 Edition, and it will come to other Android tablets by the end of the year. We worked with Samsung to include a few unique features:...
Microsoft paid $100,000 to a security researcher According to the news Microsoft has paid out the promised $100,000 to a UK security researcher who managed to discover methods to get through the security defenses that have been built into Windows 8.1 Preview, which is the most recent version of windows op...
HTC one max full specs leaked In a tweet by steve hemmers he leaked an image of the HTC one max full specs sheet According to the image these are the specs of HTC one max :- Android 4.3 jellybean 1.7 Ghz quad core cpu 2GB ddr2 Ram 16GB , 32GB , 64GB internal memory (option) Externaly e...
HTC sense 5.5 leaked Yesterday images for HTC sense were leaked by android revolution hd many features of sense were removed as they are present in Android 4.3 itself Android Quick Settings - now you can re-arrange the content of the QS panel. Improved HTC keyboard with possibi...
Archos Gamepad 2 announced Archos has now officially released their new tablet " Archos Gamepad 2 " which is a sucessor to the game pad It has these technical specs :- 7 inch IPS display (1280 X 800 pixels) Android 4.2 Jellybean 1.6 Ghz quad core A9 cpu 2 GB Ram Quad core mali 400 GP...
Motorola two new devices Droid quantum and X-play phablet [Rumor] According to our chinese resources there has been a rumor that Motorola is developing two new devices one of these devices is a project called " Droid Quantum " which is said to be the sucessor of the last flagship device motorola droid ultra there have be...
nokia to continue with symbian till 2016 According to a tweet by +Eldar Murtazin nokia rather being abandoning the meego and symbian by the end of this year have announced that they will be supporting the symbian os till 2016 and would keep its apps in their nokia store . Nokia unsupported these...
Samsung Galaxy round (SM-G910S) released Shortly after all the rumors about this device on the internet Samsung released this phone officially . unfortunately it is currently available in korea only for about $1000 company has not said a word about its device releasing internationally. This device...
LG nexus 5 price leaked The world anxiously waits for the next generation Nexus smartphone to be announced, but as of now there has been no official confirmation of an upcoming launch. However, this doesn’t mean that the rumor mill will stop churning. The latest one brings us the ...
HTC One Max Confirmed To Get Fingerprint Scanner, Says WSJ The Wall Street Journal has reported that HTC is all set to show off the HTC One Max that will arrive with an integrated fingerprint sensor, although it remains to be seen whether this particular combination of the fingerprint sensor as well as a generous d...
Samsung Galaxy S4 Mini And Galaxy Mega To Receive Android 4.4 KitKat There has been a bit of sniffing around done, where an internal Samsung KNOX document did point to the South Korean manufacturer’s plans to roll out Android 4.4 KitKat to both the Samsung Galaxy S4 Mini and Galaxy Mega in due time. This would come about aft...
