interesting
interesting
We took a look at the 10 countries with the most Internet freedom in the world: #internetfreedom #internet #charts
if a pizza has a radius 'z' and a depth 'a' that pizza's volume can be defined Pi*z*z*a. goo.gl/k5M95
I've taken a few trips to Death Valley in the last few months. This shot was from a three weeks ago... We got some brilliant sunshine peaking through the clouds and lighting up this mountain just as the sun was going down. If you look closely, you can see some tiny dots of people out in the salt flats of Bad Water Basin. This place is huge! Did you know you can look at G+ pics at a larger size if you maximize your browser to take over the whole screen? First, click on my photo. Then click space bar. Now, on a Mac (chrome or Safari) click the double arrow in the upper right corner of your browser. The picture will show up huge with no borders on top. On a PC , maximize the browser (IE, Firefox or Chrome) and then click F11 to erase the top border and look at the pic on a black screen. Just click F11 to return to normal browser mode. Note: If you like my photos, they'll all look better at a large size like this... There's 16 megapixels of detail you won't see when it's small.
The primary difference between North and South Korea
Day 8 - Bird Nest and the Story of the Kite On Day 8, I woke up feeling weak maybe due to the side effect of the Chinese Medicine. I decided to visit the Lama Temple but finished around 3 pm, rather than visiting another temple, I wanted to go back to the Bird Nest to give another try. This was my 3rd trip to the Bird Nest, the first time it was so windy I barely could take any photos, second time it was better but the water was not calm enough to have a reflection, I wanted to have a photo with the reflection so I would go again although it is a bit far from my hotel. I got there too early, it was only 4 pm and I would need to wait almost 3 hours before I could take a sunset or night photo, I had nothing to do but to sit and listen to my iPod. All of a sudden, I wanted to fly a kite. Every time, when I visited the Olympic Park, I was approached by sellers for kites with long tails, I have not flew a kite for years and I am not sure even if I know how to...but somehow, I love kites, maybe because of the story I read when I was a kid by the famous Chinese writer Lu Xun, he wrote of the story of the kite. His family was living at Beijing at the time, and that one day he had intentionally broke the kite his younger brother was trying to build because he thought it was a useless game for children with no ambitious. But somehow, this incident remained in his mind and years later, he remembered that day in the long forgotten spring in that far away old home and the sad look on his brother's face, he felt so bad and bought it up to his brother asking for his forgiveness, but to his surprise, his brother replied, " Did something like this happened?" the look on his face was like he was talking about a third party, someone not related to them. The incident has been totally forgotten, no resentment whatsoever, how could one ask for forgiveness? Lu Xun could only felt sad..Some how this story left a very deep impression in my mind, maybe because I too, feel like the author, that sometimes I remember something for years but the other person had already forgotten completely about it, or something I put a lot of importance in but to the others, it actually means very little. It brings to mind of my childhood years in that long forgotten spring in the faraway home, that I had a good friend, a British girl by the name of Jennifer, one day I had asked her to go outside to play with me secretly without telling my family, I bought my Pekingese with me and we had wandered into the hills and got lost. That day, we were suppose to go and watch a children movie that Jennifer had wanted to watch very much, but when we eventually returned, it was too late for the movie. My family had been looking all over for 2 little girls with a Pekingese. Trying to protect me, Jennifer said it was her idea to go out to play and she never blamed me for making her miss the movie she wanted to watch so much...at that time, I did not say anything, I did not apologize and I did not thank her, I also did not tell my family it was my idea to go outside...I was only quiet. But I remember very clearly this incident, and many years later, I wish I could have a chance to thank Jenny for what she did for me, to tell her sorry that I made her missed the movie, those are words that I have never spoken and wish I had, perhaps life is like this, that we are only given one chance to tell the other person how much we appreciate them and how much we care. That summer, Jenny went back to UK, I heard later from my father that her parents have gotten a divorce and I had never seen Jenny again since...so wherever you are, Jennifer, my first best friend, thank you and I miss you....but maybe she has already forgotten all about the incident and me..... #reflectionweek
Oahu Vacation Well, it wasn’t really a vacation. It was work. Hard, wet, slogging work. Don’t let this picture fool you. Okay, you can let it fool you a little bit… This is about the only sun I got the whole trip. 90% of it was me being extremely wet and rather physically and emotionally drained. Things were so wet, in fact, that they declared part of Hawaii a disaster area! I was there for about a week with + Tom Anderson , and he was so excited to show me his second home… he had big dreams of fancy-free days, taking photos on sunny beaches… be we had very little of that… However, I did my best to produce a lot of images while there.
I so want to do this now.
