Sony Xperia M 4.0 inch Bluetooth smartphone - Specs, Features, Price and Availability Feel the lightning speed performance of Dual-core power which gives you blasting performance and speed without draining your power bank. Plus the presence of Snapdragon S4 Plus asynchronous, which means each core is powered up and down independently. So you...
Sony Xperia M 4.0 inch Bluetooth smartphone - Specs, Features, Price and Availability Feel the lightning speed performance of Dual-core power which gives you blasting performance and speed without draining your power bank. Plus the presence of Snapdragon S4 Plus asynchronous, which means each core is powered up and down independently. So you...
CloudFone Trill 400QX Dual-Battery Android smartphone - Specs, Features, Price and Availability CloudFone mobile manufacturer has twist its latest phone that can cater a swappable battery and it also support a dual battery in one device. From midrange to high-end model s are the problem of it are the power bank that can sustain a longer life in using ...
Samsung Galaxy Light 4.0 inch Ice Cream Sandwich phone - Tech Spec, Feature and Avaialbility Samsung Galaxy Light is powered by Android 4.2.2 mobile OS under the hood. Powered by quad-core 1.4GHz Samsung processor paired with 1GB of RAM and 8GB of internal on-board storage and microSD card slot for those who require more storage space and require. ...
LG G2 is now available in Globe Plan 1799 bundle with unlimited LTE surfing LG Mobile Philippines together with Globe has recently announced the availability of LG G2 out of the shelve. Raul Macatangay, head of Globe Postpaid said, - LG G2 ans its amazing features are best paired with the Best-Ever mySUPERPLAN, the first fully-cust...
LG Optimus GJ Waterproof 4.7 True HD display phone - Specs, Features LG Optimus GJ is a waterproof version of LG's top-shelf phone LG Optimus G. it has a certification under IPX7 means, it can stay underwater as deep as 1 meter for almost 30 minutes. A slightly taller and thicker than the Optimus G and rubberized coating pla...
Diamond V7 Starmobile's thinnest dual-SIM 5.7 inch phablet, Specs, Features, Price availability Starmobile Diamond V7 is a mid-range phone of Starmobile packs modest set of configuration in and out of the shelve. Packs with 5.7 inch multi-touch screen display boosted with scratch resistant Dragontrail glass which makes more sense for local market in t...
Cherry Mobile LIFE affordable Android Jelly Bean,Specs, Features, Availability and Price Cherry Mobile LIFE equipped with dual-SIM/dual-capability phone, shielded with 4.0 inch WVGA 800x480 pixels resolution) display with 233ppi. Comes in an ultra-affordable Android phone that sport a modest hardware and software configuration in and out for en...
Motorola Moto X 4.7 icn OLED display technology - Specs, Features The Motorola Moto X doesn't premiere with promises to be the most powerful device on the market. Instead, it strives to attract the most attention, relying on several intriguing assets. First off, it comes with nearly completely stock software on board. Unf...
Acer Liquid Z3 Phone Specs, Features The smartphone is powered by Android 4.2 Jelly Bean operating system and packs a 1 GHz dual-core processor, 512MB of RAM, 4GB of internal memory and microSD card slot for memory expansion (up to 32GB). It also sports a 3.5-inch capacitive touchscreen displa...
Alcatel One Touch Hero Technical Specification and Features The Alcatel One Touch Hero offers an upgrade from the Scribe HD in just about every department. Starting off with the looks, it’s nice to see that this time around Alcatel has done the display justice – we’re looking at a giant 6-inch IPS panel running at 1...
Nexus 7 2013 Tablet Specs, Features Nexus 7 is great for gaming, and with favorites like Prince of Persia and Riptide GP 2, you can tilt, tap, and touch your way to the top. The brand new Play Games app lets you track your achievements, play with (or against) gamer around the world, and disco...
Motorola DROID Maxx Smartphone, Specs, Features One of Motorola’s new Android devices for Verizon is the Droid Maxx and like the Razr Maxx, the phone is touting its crazy long battery life as its differentiation for other phones on the market. But, with quality devices on the market like the HTC One and ...
HTC One Max Official released, Specs, Features and Price HTC One Max is a 5.9 inch Super LCD3 capacitive multi-touch screen display, 16M colors and 1080x1920 pixels resolution. Sporting with Qualcomm APQ8064 Snapdragon 600 Quad-core 1.7 GHz Krait 300 processor paired with Adreno 320 GPU, 2GB of RAM, 16/32 GB of o...
LG G Pro Lite Phone Specs, features and price launch LG G Pro Lite equipped with stylus pen, dual speakers, dual SIM and comes in a modest configuration, ultra-narrow bezel and removable 3,140mAh battery are among its other features. The dual-SIM model has capacitive touch keys with dedicated Hot Key for swit...
BlackBerry 9720 Smartphone Tech Specs and features The BlackBerry 9720 boasts aesthetics similar to the company's Curve series. It features a full physical QWERTY keyboard and a 2.8-inch touchscreen display with a 360x480 pixels resolution, boasting an image density of 214PPI. The device runs BlackBerry 7 O...
HTC Desire 601 Smartphone Spec's features When the Desire 601 was pulled from under the sheets, we did think we were looking at a tweaked version of last year's One X. Fortunately, the trickle-down of features from the premium brand means that the phone gets BoomSound – comes in a dual stereo speak...
LG Optimus F6 Smartphone Specs, Features The Optimus F6 sticks to the basic design principles that LG has used on previous mid-range devices, and while it may not grab your attention the F6 is a good looking device. It is more rounded than the Optimus L9 it replaces, but the two devices share many...
LG Optimus L1 II Smartphone details Specs and features The LG Optimus L1 II features a 3-inch QVGA display with a resolution of 240x320 pixels. The handset is powered by a 1GHz Qualcomm Snapdragon processor with 512MB RAM. The handset runs on Android 4.1.2 Jelly Bean. There is 4GB of internal storage that is ex...
ZTE Blade IV Specs and Features This device comes with a 4 inch of screen size with a resolution of 480 x 800 pixels along and with a Pixel density of 233 PPI. This device is powered by a Qualcomm MSM8225Q Quad Core Processor which clocks 1.2 GHz and a 1GB of RAM. This device has got the ...
** This device comes with a 4 inch of screen size with a resolution of 480 x 800 pixels along and with a Pixel density of 233 PPI. This device is powered by a Qualcomm MSM8225Q Quad Core Processor which clocks 1.2 GHz and a 1GB of RAM. This device has got the ...
Xiaomi MI3 Smartphone As all the Xiaomi phones, Xiaomi Mi3, which is a very high customization of the Android system, it looks completely different from the base Android system. It has a very good quality level of details and makes some functions easier than in a normal Android,...
Xiaomi MI3 Smartphone As all the Xiaomi phones, Xiaomi Mi3, which is a very high customization of the Android system, it looks completely different from the base Android system. It has a very good quality level of details and makes some functions easier than in a normal Android,...
Motorola Droid Ultra Specs details The Droid Ultra supports Verizon's CDMA network, the AT&T HSPA+ network (oddly enough), foreign HSPA+ networks on the 900 and 2100MHz (but not 1800MHz) bands at speeds up to HSPA+ 42, and Verizon's LTE network on 700MHz only—for now. A firmware update will ...
Samsung Galaxy Note 10.1 Tablet Samsung's goal with the Galaxy Note 10.1 2014 Edition is to bring productivity on tablets to a whole new level. Last year's Galaxy Note 10.1 brought split-screen mode that gave users two apps to work with instead of one. The stylus brought the content on sc...
BlackBerry Z10 Smartphone The Black Berry Z10 is the first handset from the company formerly known as RIM, now renamed Black Berry to run its new operating system BlackBerry 10, and there's much more on the line here than simply making a few pennies – arguably the company's survival...
MyPhone latest 5.0 inch Phone coming soon - MyPhone Agua Vortex Unstoppable FORCE! Tag line of the newest update of MyPhone phone which is now posted on it official Facebook Fan page – build with alumin...
Apple iPhone 5c a cheaper choice - Specs, news, release date and features iPhone 5c has the things that made iPhone 5 an amazing phone and more, including the innovative features such as A6 chipset, iOS7, 8MP iS...
Apple iPhone 5s - Technical Specifications and Features A new whole expereince for the mobile industry up to the latest innovation, Apple continues its journey by making life simplest thing to c...
