This isn't to say that Government can't be overreaching and punitive, taking far more out of the economy than it takes to actually provide necessary services. Do some research, and see what percentage of GDP the government usurps today, compared to, say, any other time in the post WW II era. You're not greedy, nor unwise if you question government's wisdom, its' ability to manage money, its ability to establish spending priorities, or its unquenchable desire to grow and bloat.
Gabriel, whats the McCarthy reference? He simply went after spies who were in the government....and he was proven right years later.
Nathaniel, well stated. And the owners of the factories CONTINUE to pay for road maintenance through user fees, and tolls. The roads WOULD be built without government, because they're needed. There are successful private road projects in this country today, that provide needed infrastructure to society and profits to those who build them. That "P word" isn't a dirty word. its the historic incentive to do a job efficiently and well -- something the government's never been very good at. Need an example? How about the post office? Losing money hand over first, while private outfits like UPS and FEDEX thrive. A better example? New York City Off Track Betting is the only bookmaking operation in the world that LOSES money.
Stefan, I generally don't argue with the unread/uneducated, but I thought I'd provide a public service by embarassing you into learning what your propagandists have failed to teach. McCarthy believed there were communist spies in the government. Period. He was right. Read about the Venona project below. Or google on it and read whatever source you choose. Anything other than the daily worker (probably a staple of yours, along with Huff Po) will explain what that project was. In a nutshell, we had cracked Soviet communication codes, and enjoyed reading their secret documents carte blanche from the WW II years right through 1980. In those communications was indisputable proof McCarthy was right. His targets, like Alger Hiss and the Rosenbergs were GUILTY AS SIN. But he did not reveal the source of his knowledge, because doing so would expose our knowledge of the codes to the Soviets, thus denying the intelligence motherlode we would enjoy thorough 1980. Fortunately, he was able to achieve convictions without needing that evidence, which wen't cold until Sen. Daniel Patrick Moynahan (D-NY), a liberal lion, read them in classified documents, and DEMANDED they be made public. They obviously validated McCarthy's position, and proved that he was sent to his grave keeping a secret he would have been (personally) better off to reveal. He did not, because his patriotism dictated that the interests of the nation in continuing to read Soviet communications was more important than his vilification by the left.
Clayton, you're 100 percent correct. Can you imagine our founding fathers dumping tea in boston harbor and fighting the revolution barefoot and in rags to establish a country that confiscates half of a man's earnings? Why bother? They probably had a better deal than that from King George.
