Future Sony smartphones could could recharge wirelessly in just a... - - shared from Taptu
qCraft: Quantum Physics In Minecraft We built the Quantum A.I. Lab to explore the potential of quantum computing, and figure out what questions we should be asking. One question is clear: Where will future quantum computer scientists come from? Our best guess: Minecraft. Millions of kids are spending a whole lot of hours in Minecraft, not just digging caves and fighting monsters, but building assembly lines, space shuttles, and programmable computers, all in the name of experimentation and discovery. So how do we get these smart, creative kids excited about quantum physics? We talked to our friends at MinecraftEdu and Caltech’s Institute for Quantum Information and Matter and came up with a fun idea: a Minecraft modpack called qCraft . It lets players experiment with quantum behaviors inside Minecraft’s world, with new blocks that exhibit quantum entanglement, superposition, and observer dependency. Of course, qCraft isn’t a perfect scientific simulation, but it’s a fun way for players to experience a few parts of quantum mechanics outside of thought experiments or dense textbook examples. We don’t even know the full potential of what you can make with qCraft, but we’re excited to see what Minecraft’s players can discover. You can download qCraft now as part of the Tekkit, Hexxit, or Feed The Beast Unleashed modpacks, and find out more at www.qCraft.org . #qcraft #minecraft
Enbridge tar sands pipeline threatens Great Lakes - - shared from Taptu
This is why I never go hiking.
#atheist #atheism #godless #science Via what the fuck does this have to do with atheism!? (beat you to it)
More of you need to play this. Seriously.
Whomever player 7118 is they need to go eat a bag of dicks lol. Mofo keeps beating me.
One more #badassaward This one goes to + Daryl HULK Ivey . He's a fearless romantic bad ass. This guy had the courage to leave everything behind and start over with the woman of his dreams. Not a lot of people have that much faith and loyalty. I'm really proud of you big guy. It's about time!
The powerhouse #badassaward Goes to + Glen Barney this dude never stops taking care of the people he loves. He's got an amazing code of ethics and he's an I. T. hero. Go fourth and be epic
Lol no problem. I blocked you and deleted you. Asshat.
Some asshole was all "I'm going to mute you for the day". I took care of it for him lol.
The intellectual #badassaward Goes to + Captain Jack He likes to debate. It's his thing and I'm pretty sure he considers it to be right up there with sex. This guy has a hunger for new information and has a never ending passion for truth. If you fuck with him I'll kill you. No really.
The good hearted #badassaward Goes to + Matthew Konnagan He's a soft hearted guy who just happens to be single by the way. If you're looking for a dude to worship the ever living shit out of you and appreciate your affection then this is the guy you need. You're welcome.
The massive tallent #badassaward Goes to + Robert Best This guy can swap between music and flashing rom's like a boss. If you happen to be in a room when he walks in and hear dull thud noises from the ladies in the crowd, I wouldn't worry. It's just the panties dropping.
The social #badassaward Goes to + Bobbi Jo Woods this chick is so bad ass it hurts. She's a strong social presence and there's a reason why. She's got a huge heart and an even bigger smile. She can fit in with just about anyone and she's one of my favorite people here.
The rising star #badassaward Goes to + Dominic Vicchairelli and + spyroth rizzlon These guys hold massive potential and are truly bad ass for continuing to fight for their rightful place in the world. Keep going guys and prove the fuckers wrong.
Spiritual #badassaward Goes to + Alvin Stearns . This man is capable of deep introspective thought and has the ability to make anyone feel instantly loved and accepted from any distance. He's charitable and kind in a way that separates him from the rest. Enjoy your spiritual bad ass award!
Parenting #badassaward Goes to + Tim Shinn , + Matthew Hicks , + Jess Lageson and + Michelle Shinn . These people show us that parenting doesn't always have to go by the numbers and that having kids doesn't automatically make you boring. Go fourth and be awesome.
I was in the shower and had a sudden thought. You are never too old to be a bad ass and being bad ass doesn’t always mean you have to wear black everything and be a fucking dangerous person. I know a lot of bad asses here who shine for one reason or another. I figured since I had a slow day today I'd just go ahead and make awards for the people I think are epic bad asses. I'll hash tag the posts #badassaward You sexy sexy sexy bitches.
My Friday Morning Gif Winner! Because this guy is doing it right. #gif
So Ubuntu Touch has hit a stable release – but should you install it? As the release day enthusiasm dies down, is Ubuntu Touch worth wiping your Nexus device for? We've given some reason why it might not be a good idea.
Future Sony smartphones could could recharge wirelessly in just a... - - shared from Taptu
ACLU sues feds for hiding NSA spying from terror defendants - - shared from Taptu
Did you know Google Now could do this?..
Nothing reminds you that you're never off the clock as a mom like a puppy who's shit herself in her crate at 2am in the kid's room. Sigh
Why I love my dogs and have 3
Fucking sciatica man. I'm lucky that it only acts up maybe once every few months but did I ever fuck it up today. I hate it when people know you hurt like a bitch but they wanna ask your opinion about stupid stuff and talk to you anyway. Fucking Bruce suddenly becomes a social fucking butterfly tonight and meanwhile I feel like I have a knife somewhere just above my right ass cheek ripping all the way down my leg. Fun! Hey at least when it goes numb it doesn't hurt as much anymore! Then I can drag it behind me like a drunken pirate!
Dawwwww I'm fine guys. Hey my cold is almost gone so that's a plus! Much love in return + Glen Barney
Tha Mahjong icons Made these a while back...and since im in the process of updating it i wanted to share them with you, just grab them free with the coupon code "serenity" to enter at checkout... tonight only!
#FastFood may seem cheap, but a new #UCBerkeley report says the fast-food industry costs American #taxpayers nearly $7 billion annually because its jobs pay so little that 52 percent of fast food workers are forced to sign their family members up for public assistance. Learn more at . #foodstamps #poverty #minimumwage
The drug that causes people to think they are a walking corpse: .
DON'T DO IT! IT'S SOOOOOO A TRAP! Also you'd needs an Irish Coffee for that shit, and lots of them.
