Are you ready for the second gen of Sony Smartwatch?
Check out these restaurants that will scare you of some ghosts!
NASA also has something for Halloween! Read on!
After being spotted together again inside an SUV, subsequent reports about the Khloe Kardashian and Lamar Odom cheating troubles seem to indicate the two have reconciled, HollywoodLife reports.
After all the buzz that Apple made with its new smartphones, the iPhone 5s and iPhone 5c, fans of the giant tech company just can't get enough of the rumors spreading about the iPhone 6 release date, features & specs.
Dancing With The Stars season 17 week 5 followed a tearjerking theme of 'Most Memorable Year.' This led to the revelation of the most dramatic stories behind the celebrity contestants and ended with Christina Milian eliminated, which shocked viewers, OnTheRedCarpet reports.
Through the years, numerous movies have been made that portray the journeys of astronauts in space. Now NASA is hoping the new George Clooney film Gravity will help boost the interest of the public in space activities.
Here are some foods you may want to consider as food for the brain:
Here are some of the ways how music can lift your spirits and inspire you to do more with your everyday life:
Are you ready for the second gen of Sony Smartwatch?
These apps will keep you and your friends well entertained this coming Halloween!
If you are well versed with various Internet sites, then it is best to discover the scariest Web sites for Halloween 2013. Check them all out here:
Total Travel Yahoo repoted Air India is conducting an investigation after one of its passengers discovered worms in his mid-flight snack. Read more here:
Will you upgrade to the iPad 5 or settle still with your iPad 4?
When they come out, what is your choice? iPad 5 or iPad Mini 2?
Another real life story of a Yemeni child bride. How can we help stop such cases especially when the child brides or also called as death brides suffer gravely from abuse of their husbands?
Al Gore's new headquarters in London will be powered by NASA's fuel cell technology? Read more about it here:
Are you an HTC One or a Moto X fan?
If you are an iPhone 4s winner, will you upgrade to an iPhone 5c?
After the paparazzi pic taken of the couple recently together inside an SUV, does it mean that the Khloe Kardashian and Lamar Odom cheating issues are already over?
As shocking as when he was first chosen for the Christian Grey role, Fifty Shades of Grey Charlie Hunnam is reported to have dropped out of the huge film adaptation due to a very hectic television series schedule. Now the question is who can be the possible replacements for the hot role of the erotic book series?
Tropical Storm Octave has reportedly gained strength, clocking sustained wind speed of 65mph. Reuters reports that it won't cause any harm on land -- it will fluctuate and eventually weaken by Monday.
Which horror series will you watch as Halloween horror marathon this October?
Do you 'The X-Files' should have a third movie on the big screen?
Glee Season 5 Cory Monteith Tribute Episode Replay Video and Recap: The Most Tearjerking Episode of Glee For All Time
News has been spreading like wildfire online with the iPhone 5s and 5c release date in India confirmed to happen on November 1. According to DNAIndia, the release is in line with the rest of the launch dates of the new Apple iPhones in other parts of the world.
NASA has lost another of their pioneer astronauts, as Scott Carpenter passed away at age 88. The former astronaut, author, fighter and loving husband and father died due to complications after having suffered from a stroke last September.
The UK Sex Box Show concept did not easily appeal to others who are not comfortable with the idea of couples discussing how they had sex in a box located inside the television studio. Most of those took their reactions to the Twitter universe expressing how much they found the show extremely weird. Check out here:
As part of his preparation for the highly coveted role of Christian Grey, Fifty Shades of Grey Charlie Hunnam commits to looking at his best in the suits to come.
Samsung launches its first-ever smartphone that comes unique with a curved display screen, the Samsung Galaxy Round.
NASA's Juno was the fastest spacecraft to flew by the Earth, with a speed of 12,000kph. According to The Register UK, it mysteriously switched into "safe mode."
After dealing with possible divorce and cheating issues, Khloe Kardashian and Lamar Odom are finally seen together!
The Institute for Astronomy of the University of Hawaii has recently released its discovery of an unknown planet spotted cold and lonely without any sun.
If you're still confused up to this point on which smartphone was best released this year, here is a quick guide that you can refer to:
If you're a bookworm, you'd love this article!
