Im pissed. Now im gonna get killzone.. which i was going to get anyways. So Killzone and BF4... oh well hopefully they make the game even better. Maybe they learned something from GTA online.
I know. Well there will be some free games.. Just not Watch dogs. :/
What are you 6? + Miguel Quinones So your xbone and ps4 will be under the tree.. O_O
+ Carlos Mercado yeah most of the them are multiplayer... except DC Universe.
+ Miguel Quinones I can wait till Titan fall next year. None of those games are appealing to me.. sorry.
+ Carlos Mercado there is hope..
LOL!! + Carlos Mercado I have all those pre-ordered as well.
+ Alex Roque another incentive for killzone: SF is free dlc the whole cycle of the game.
+ Alex Roque Capcom needs to press the reset button completely, and Square Enix isn't to far behind.
Thats true. Im pretty excited about the game. Im still messing with Arkham City.
Every time I see this I say the same thing.
Its the parents. I cant blame the games man. Where the fuck did he get the gun from? Thats a bunch of horse shit. My kids been playing Metal Revengeance and I have 2 samurai swords right in front of his room. You dont see him showing up to school slicing kids up. Its the parents. Some people should breed.
WTF? That guy is part of the foot clan?
+ Carlos Mercado yeah the controls are odd. I played both PC and PS3 versions. And I barely unlocked any powers on the PS3 version to tell you if it all works. But yeah I dont know. The game gets better later on when you start doing raids. Im waiting for the PS4 version to get back into it.
+ Carlos Mercado damn that sucks. And they are supporting this game still. Sucks that they havent addressed this.
+ Carlos Mercado I agree on that one. Thats why I try and do beta's to make sure I really want the game. Even though I did pass on DCUO when it came out I will give it another try in a couple of months.
I should go back and play it again.. nah maybe next year. GTA is around the corner and I need to get back to Dragons Crown. I took a break with the Killzone Mercenary beta. My only issue with Deus Ex was the bosses. I felt they were a bit easy.
Yeah it does. I hope they make another one.
