I believe Google Music's highest setting is for 320kbps.﻿ https://support.google.com/googleplay/answer/1391343?hl=en ﻿ And when you're in good coverage or Wi-Fi, you can pin (sync) music to your device for when you're in poor or no coverage areas.
+ Ricky Cash I've been a nexus user 3x (Galaxy Nexus, Nexus S, Nexus 4). I'll admit that having the ability to swap batteries was a nice inconvenience sometimes when I had the GN and NS. But as the Android OS gets more efficient with battery usage and with increases in battery capacity, that "nice inconvenience" becomes less necessary. When I got my Nexus 4, I feared I would need to find a wall socket every hour just to keep my phone alive, but for the past 8 months, I've still been impressed with its battery life (and I'm generally an efficient user anyway), and with the overall experience of the phone, I've had very few issues with it compared with any of the other phones I've had (Nokia 3595, Blackberry Curve 8300, Blackberry Curve 8900, Blackberry Bold, HTC EVO 4G, Galaxy Nexus, Nexus S)
+ Ricky Cash I'll admit too, that out of convenience, I do have a Wireless charger on my desk at work (and on my bedside table next to my bed for overnight charging). Not out of need, but out of the cool factor and because I can, since the Nexus 4 can wirelessly charge. I have the Panasonic QE-TM101-K Black Qi Wireless Charger Pad. It's rather nifty, it has a charging coil that moves to your phone wherever you set it on the pad. But when it comes to weekends, when I generally am out of the house and not near a charger, my battery life shines.
Some people like the look of iOS 7 (I'm not one of them). But... By making Android look like iOS, they can meld the aesthetics of iOS with the reliability and extensibility of the Android platform, while also retaining the best mobile Google experience. For these sick-in-the-head people, it's a win-win opportunity.
Facebook flavored ice cream? Why would they create a flavor based on the fusion of the taste of old phlegm from the back of your throat and server room dust cakes? Sounds unnecessary. Was bad enough people started naming their kids after Facebook...
