Sony's eagerly anticipated full-frame ILCs, the A7 and A7R finally debut -- at reasonable prices Note how the sensor barely fits within the confines of the E-mount. Want it fast or want it fine? Sony gives you the choice, introducing not one but two full-frame interchangeable-lens cameras after years of rumors and anticipation. The new A7 series -- whi...
Sony's eagerly anticipated full-frame ILCs, the A7 and A7R finally debut -- at reasonable prices Note how the sensor barely fits within the confines of the E-mount. Want it fast or want it fine? Sony gives you the choice, introducing not one but two full-frame interchangeable-lens cameras after years of rumors and anticipation. The new A7 series -- whi...
Android 4.4 KitKat: What we expect about the announcement, specs, and release date of Google's next OS At a casual glance, 4.4 KitKat looks much like the current version of Android. The next version of Google's platform, Android 4.4 KitKat, is set to arrive any day now. After three helpings of Jelly Bean, we would hope that the Nestle-inspired build should p...
Libratone Loop wireless AirPlay speaker also plays well with Android and Windows devices The $499.95 Loop is a wireless AirPlay speaker that features interchangeable covers. Libratone, the company that brought you the cylindrical Zipp, has given birth to another wireless speaker. This one's circular and appropriately called the Loop (I would ha...
HTC One Max is bigger, not better (hands-on) HTC is the latest major phone maker to jump on the massive-handset bandwagon with its new HTC One Max. Echoing devices from rivals Samsung and Sony, the One Max bears a gargantuan 5.9-inch screen yet manages to hold on to some of the smaller One's metallic ...
Gorgeous Sonos Play:1 hits the sweet spot The good: The Sonos Play:1 is a stylish and exceptionally well-made wireless speaker, especially for the price. It offers the full Sonos experience, with support for most key services (including Spotify, Pandora, Rdio) and super-reliable wireless stream...
Making sense of Apple supply chain rumors A 12-inch MacBook coming? Good supply chain analysts offer a credible snapshot of what they see happening in the supply chain at the moment. Critiquing Apple rumors has become a sport. But it may help to understand just what the "supply chain" variety of ru...
Feature-filled and fun to use The good: The Panasonic Lumix DMC-ZS30 gets you a lot of features in a compact body including a 20x zoom lens, 3-inch touch screen, Wi-Fi for remote control of the camera as well as easy sharing, high-speed and full HD movie capture, and GPS. Photo qual...
Smartphone apps to make you (Americans) smarter Hey America, you got a second? We need to talk. It turns out we're not doing so well in literacy and math compared to most of the developed countries in the world. We also may not be as knowledgeable about our world as we think we are. According to this art...
A fitness tracker tour de force The good: The Fitbit Force makes it easy to track steps, sleep, and calories. Its wrist-strap design is lightweight, comfortable to wear, and also functions as a watch.The Force syncs wirelessly over Bluetooth, and Fitbit’s solution provides plenty of w...
Best portable mini Bluetooth speakers Designed for outdoor use, the UE Boom is a water-resistant model that delivers very big sound for its size. They're small. They're portable. And they're breeding. Yes, the mini wireless Bluetooth speaker has come of age, and it seems as if every week we see...
Nest Protect hands-on: Wi-Fi, app-powered smoke detector rethinks home safety for $129 price Nest's modus operandi is to reimagine the boring, annoying, or dysfunctional white-label products around your house. Two years ago, the startup sucessfully tackled the thermostat and upended the industry with a model that programs itself by tracking your ...
Dell's new XPS 13 packs power, the 15 gets an incredibly sharp screen (hands-on) XPS 13 Dell says its XPS 13 is the thinnest, lightest ultrabook ever built and with a 0.7-inch thickness, I wouldn't soon argue that point. The body is black inside with a silver finish on the outside, and is made from reinforced carbon and aluminum. Packed...
A fast camera, but not for pixel peepers The good: The Canon EOS 70D 's new sensor delivers excellent autofocus performance and the camera itself is quite fast. Its design is reasonably streamlined and the feature set appropriately tailored to the target market as well. The bad: The image qua...
Smarten up that green thumb Weep not for summer, plant lovers -- smart gardening is here. I've compiled a list of some of my favorite smart gardening products to help you move that outdoor garden to your kitchen counter. Some of these items are so intriguing, you might drop the trowel...
They look cheap but sound good The good: The Sol Republic Jax in-ear headphones deliver good sound for a relatively modest price. They also fit comfortably and have a tangle-resistant flat cord, and there's an Apple-friendly inline remote with microphone for making cell phone calls. ...
Design duel: iPhone 5S takes the Moto X The 5S: The iPhone still has a killer design. It's not easy to design a good-looking phone. A quick comparison between the iPhone 5S and Moto X shows why. While beauty is subjective, some designs are clearly better than others. The HTC One is gorgeous by mo...
Sony's camera in a can frustrating to use The good: The Sony Cyber-shot QX10 at its core is a good point-and-shoot camera with photo quality that's better than you'd get with most smartphones. Connects easily with Android devices with NFC. Available platform-agnostic API allows app developers t...
When your watch is a camera: Samsung Galaxy Gear is like Glass on a wrist An attempt at a wrist-selfie. "Excuse me. I just wanted to ask: did you know I was taking a picture of you with my watch?" This is what I asked a barista at a coffee shop near work, because, moments before, that's exactly what I did. Wearing a black-and-ste...
Samsung takes on Sonos with the Shape Wireless Multiroom audio system Wireless audio systems are notoriously tough to get right, and while many have tried (and some are still trying), Sonos is arguably the only company that has truly succeeded. Samsung is the latest company to try its hand at the wireless audio market, ...
Vertu Constellation: A $6,300 leather-clad Android phone (hands-on) Have you recently struck oil? Won the big bucks in the lottery, or sold your 40 percent stake in Apple? Well do I have the phone for you. It's the Vertu Constellation, an Android phone with a ludicrous $6,300 price tag. It'll be available from Vertu's site ...
When form smothers function The good: The Samsung Galaxy Muse is small, relatively affordable, and designed to pull music from a handful of Samsung smartphones without a computer intervening. The bad: The controls are impossible to use by feel alone, and are often infuriating in...
Dell's new XPS 13 packs power, the 15 gets an incredibly sharp screen (hands-on) Dell's new performance-minded XPS laptops get Intel's latest processors and, in the case of the XPS 15, an incredible screen. Both models launch with Windows 8.1 XPS 13 Dell says its XPS 13 is the thinnest, lightest ultrabook ever built and with a 0.7-inch...
A better Beats The good: The new Beats Studio headphones are lighter, sturdier, and better-sounding than the original Studio headphones. They offer a comfortable fit and active noise cancellation, which works well but not great. The noise cancellation is powered by a ...
A portable gaming PC that deserves a better screen The good: The Maingear Pulse 14 offers customizable high-end parts in a reasonably slim, colorful case. Unlike some other compact gaming laptops, it includes plenty of ports and generous SSD/HDD combo storage. The bad: The 1,600x900-pixel display is l...
Create the perfect parallax wallpaper in iOS 7 iOS 7 adds a new interactive layer throughout the operating system. It can best be seen when looking at a wallpaper on your home or lock screens. When you change the viewing angle of your device by tilting it in any direction, any graphics present on the sc...
Powerful new Note wields mightier pen skills The good: The Samsung Galaxy Note 3 has a gorgeous and massive screen, screaming quad-core processor, and refined S Pen skills. It also has long battery life, makes clear calls, and takes great pictures. The bad: The Note 3 is expensive, large, and it...
Facebook expands Graph Search to let you search status updates Facebook Graph Search, the social network's natural language search engine, is maturing in a way that will help it live up to its original promise of freeing all past and present content from the confines of News Feed. Starting Monday, the engine will enabl...
2013 Paperwhite is subtly better, faster The good: Amazon has improved on last year's excellent Paperwhite e-reader with a faster processor, more responsive touch screen, and a better integrated light that's brighter and whiter and displays more evenly across the screen. Pages also refresh les...
Take that, hackers! Quasar IV boasts hackproof Android greatness QSAlpha Quasar IV takes a stab at advanced Android security. The subject of cell phone security haunts every major mobile player, but non...
20x zoom compact for those who crave control The good: The Fujifilm FinePix F900EXR has hobbyist-targeted features like manual controls, direct access to settings, and raw captur...
Samsung's teased curved phone may not be what you think Flexible displays like this one from LG are exciting future tech. If Samsung's reveal of a forthcoming smartphone with a curved screen se...
Affordable sound bar that's serious about sound The good: The Pioneer SP-SB23W offers outstanding sound quality for a sound bar, particularly when it comes to the blend between the ...
Valve fires up SteamOS, its bid for living room PC gaming Game developer and digital distributor Valve has already seen massive success with its Steam portal -- so much so that it is wrapping tha...
Valve fires up SteamOS, its bid for living room PC gaming Game developer and digital distributor Valve has already seen massive success with its Steam portal -- so much so that it is wrapping tha...
Valve fires up SteamOS, its bid for living room PC gaming Game developer and digital distributor Valve has already seen massive success with its Steam portal -- so much so that it is wrapping tha...
Valve fires up SteamOS, its bid for living room PC gaming Game developer and digital distributor Valve has already seen massive success with its Steam portal -- so much so that it is wrapping tha...
Same look, small screen, big potential The good: The iPhone 5S delivers an improved camera, a nifty fingerprint sensor, and a next-gen CPU and motion-tracking chip. Appl...
Same look, small screen, big potential The good: The iPhone 5S delivers an improved camera, a nifty fingerprint sensor, and a next-gen CPU and motion-tracking chip. Appl...
