Once upon a time, because of a catastrophic event in my life, I lost my entire life. The car that drove my life broke down. I was so lost deep down 7 meters below the biggest darkness hole that you could ever think of, that I couldn’t even see myself or anyone else. ‘Time’ passed. I needed a “Jump Start” … - For as long as I can remember, I have always been protected by the “Unknown” … The ‘Unknown’ rescued me. A “Special Someone” came to my life. However, it didn’t jump start my car, but it did jump start my mind, my heart, my soul, and my life. On an instant, I was “Loved Back to Life” … This song is dedicated to all the ‘Special Someone’ in the world. jar + Celine Dion -- + Columbia Records + Sony Music Canada + Columbia Records UK + Sony Music Africa + Sony Music Australia + Sony Music Belgium + Sony Music Czech Republic + Sony Music Entertainment + sony music france + Sony Music Finland + Sony Music Entertainment Greece + Sony Music Germany + Sony Music Entertainment Hong Kong + Sony Music Entertainment Indonesia + Sony Music In + Sony Music Italia + Sony Music India + Sony Music Japan International + Sony Music Korea + Sony Music MY + Sony Music Moldova + Sony Music News + Sony Music Nashville + Sony Music Norway + Sony Music Philippines + Sony Music Czech Republic + Sony Music Russia + Sony Music Entertainment UK
If your sky is cloudless, take a look at the Moon, and then, call your love one. -- Si tu cielo esta claro, mira la Luna, y despues, llama a esa persona que amas. jar
If today you find yourself with “10 Seconds” of emptiness (nothing to do), please send some ‘thoughts of love’ to the people of: India, Japan, and the Philippines. They were hit hard recently with a mother nature: Cyclone, Typhoon, and an Earthquake. (Thank you, on behalf of them). jar -- Si porsiacaso (de repente) hoy te encuentras con un vacio en tu interior (sin nada que hacer), toma ese vacío y llénalo de ‘pensamientos de amor’ y mándaselo a la gente del país de: La India, Japón, y a el país de las Pilipinas. En estos momentos están pasándola mal por unos fuertes Ciclones, Terremotos, y muy Mal Tiempo. (Si lo haces, gracias. Si no lo haces, gracias también). jar
Si porsiacaso (de repente) hoy te encuentras con un vacio en tu interior (sin nada que hacer), toma ese vacío y llénalo de ‘pensamientos de amor’ y mándaselo a la gente del país de: La India, Japón, y a el país de las Pilipinas. En estos momentos están pasándola mal por unos fuertes Ciclones, Terremotos, y muy Mal Tiempo. (Si lo haces, gracias. Si no lo haces, gracias también). jar
This song is dedicated to ALL ‘Special Someone’ in the world. -- p.s. She is a Diva. She is my Diva. jar + Celine Dion -- + Columbia Records + Sony Music Canada + Sony Music Entertainment
Boss’s Day … Remember to behave and be extra nice with your boss today. Ok ok Ok ok ok ok ok….BUT nothing!... I don’t want to hear it. Just be nice. jar -- Día de los Jefes ... A portarnos bien hoy, y hacerles caritas lindas a las Jefas y a los Jefes. Ok. Nada de quejas, nada de cuchicheo, nada de aumento de sueldo. Ta-To-Hablao? ... Cambio y fuera. jar
Once upon a time, because of a catastrophic event in my life, I lost my entire life. The car that drove my life broke down. I was so lost deep down 7 meters below the biggest darkness hole that you could ever think of, that I couldn’t even see myself or anyone else. ‘Time’ passed. I needed a “Jump Start” … - For as long as I can remember, I have always been protected by the “Unknown” … The ‘Unknown’ rescued me. A “Special Someone” came to my life. However, it didn’t jump start my car, but it did jump start my mind, my heart, my soul, and my life. On an instant, I was “Loved Back to Life” … This song is dedicated to all the ‘Special Someone’ in the world. jar + Celine Dion -- + Columbia Records + Sony Music Canada + Columbia Records UK + Sony Music Africa + Sony Music Australia + Sony Music Belgium + Sony Music Czech Republic + Sony Music Entertainment + sony music france + Sony Music Finland + Sony Music Entertainment Greece + Sony Music Germany + Sony Music Entertainment Hong Kong + Sony Music Entertainment Indonesia + Sony Music In + Sony Music Italia + Sony Music India + Sony Music Japan International + Sony Music Korea + Sony Music MY + Sony Music Moldova + Sony Music News + Sony Music Nashville + Sony Music Norway + Sony Music Philippines + Sony Music Czech Republic + Sony Music Russia + Sony Music Entertainment UK
p.s. It didn’t jump start the car because I no longer need it, because now my life FLY. jar
I am “Catching Fire” … -- Please don’t call the fire department…. + The Hunger Games -- Lionsgate + Lionsgate Movies + Lionsgate Action + Liam Hemsworth Jennifer Lawrence, Josh Hutcherson
I would like to give a Hi5 to “Slacker Radio” for their latest update to their streaming radio mobile app. I love it…love it…love it. -- Felicitaciones a “Slacker Radio” por la ultima actualización que le hicieron a la aplicación de celular de música de ellos. Me gusto... me fascino, y me encanto. jar + Slacker
p.s. I hope that the ability to move the app to the sdcard is coming soon. jar
How many times have you said “Thank You” today? … If one or less, you are in the wrong frequency. If two or more, you are on the right path, or where you should always be. jar -- ¿Hoy, cuántas veces has dicho tu "Gracias"? ... Si una o menos, estas en la frecuencia equivocada. Si dos o más, estas en el camino correcto, o en el lugar donde siempre debes estar. jar
To: All the Atheist in the world. From: an Atheist. -- (p.s. The greatest Atheist (Human Being) that I have ever seen in my life. My up most respect for her. jar). Super Soul Sunday -- OWN: Oprah Winfrey Network, + OWN Canada: Oprah Winfrey Network Oprah Winfrey + Diana Nyad
Happy ‘Hari Raya Haji’ to all my muslim friends, and to the Muslim World. jar
Great people always look at their current life, and the life around them, and ask themselves, “Is there more to this?” … If there is the slide feeling that there may be, they will go and find it (That’s why they are Great). … No matter what people say, just because of that, I give credit to Christopher Columbus. -- Happy Columbus Day Everybody!. jar
If you have ‘chosen’ your “special one” … this one is for you. -- And “Yes” … I choose you. jar
The craziest & most special Marriage Proposal that you would ever see. -- La Propuesta de Matrimonio más loca, pero a la misma vez, la más especial que vas a ver.
Feliz Día de la Raza (Diversidad Cultural). Happy Day of the Race (Cultural Diversity). jar
Today I took my heart and drowned it in the shower of love of Romeo & Juliet. The shower of “Love” is what it is; Magical. I’m so grateful for living it. And I hope you too. jar -- Hoy tome mi corazón y lo hundí en la lluvia de amor de Romeo & Julieta. La lluvia de “Amor” es así como algo Mágico. Estoy muy agradecido de haber estado debajo de la lluvia. Y espero que tu también. jar + Romeo & Juliet -- + Relativity Media + Swarovski Entertainment, Amber Entertainment, Echo Lake Pictures
“International Day of the Girl Child” … Make sure you give some extra love, kisses, and hugs to your little girls today. It is their Day. jar -- “Día Internacional de la Niña” … No te olvides de darle un poquito más de amor, besos, y abrazos a tu pequeña niña hoy. Hoy es su Día. jar
The Great Wall of China, a Piano, a Cello, an Asian Percussion, and The PianoGuys. = Amazing View, Amazing Sound, Amazing Everything. jar + The Piano Guys
This has to be the MOTHER of all TVs. jar -- Esta tiene que ser la MADRE de todos los TVs. jar Samsung TV -- Samsung, + Samsung Canada + Samsung Mobile USA + Samsung Mobile France + Samsung Mobile + Samsung Camera
Do you have WiFi? … This is how you should secure it. (Very Important) +Google
I don’t know the language, but I am going to be honest. The “message” made me cry. ... Boy! she really was ‘deeply’ happy. She really was. jar -- Voy hacer honesto: El idioma no lo entiendo, pero el “mensaje” me hizo llorar. ... Waoo! verdaderamente ella estaba feliz, ‘profundamente’ feliz. jar
Sometimes, when we want an answer to a question, instead of first asking to the “One” that knows it all, we go and ask the people close to us that we ‘think’ know it all. When in fact they know nothing at all. …. Ask to the One (first), stay quiet, observe, and listen. Then, LISTEN again but with your soul. And your answer will be right there. jar
A veces, cuando queremos la respuesta a una pregunta, le preguntamos primero a esa persona (cercana a nosotros) que ‘dique’ lo sabe todo (cuando en realidad no sabe nada), en vez de preguntarle primero al que lo sabe todo. Al que lo sabe todo, se le pregunta primero. Después, uno se queda callado, uno observa, y uno escucha. Después, se tiene que volver a ESCUCHAR, pero con el alma. Y ahí, estará tu respuesta. jar
A veces, cuando queremos la respuesta a una pregunta, le preguntamos primero a esa persona (cercana a nosotros) que ‘dique’ lo sabe todo (cuando en realidad no sabe nada), en vez de preguntarle primero al que lo sabe todo. Al que lo sabe todo, se le pregunta primero. Después, uno se queda callado, uno observa, y uno escucha. Después, se tiene que volver a ESCUCHAR, pero con el alma. Y ahí, estará tu respuesta. jar
Sometimes, when we want an answer to a question, instead of first asking to the “One” that knows it all, we go and ask the people close to us that we ‘think’ know it all. When in fact they know nothing at all. …. Ask to the One (first), stay quiet, observe, and listen. Then, LISTEN again but with your soul. And your answer will be right there. jar
First Rock song I fell in love with (back in 1994). I will also confess that this was the first hollywood actress that put my senses out of place. ;-) jar -- p.s. he mess-up badly…. I want to slap him (just a little bit). jar + Bon Jovi -- + Island Records + Island Records UK
This has to be the smartest engineer in the world. -- Creo que este es el ingeniero más inteligente del mundo. (Photo Credit: Interesting Engineering)
Back in the days when I didn’t own a GPS, I took a trip to New York City on my car. I got really really really LOST. I had to pay the toll like 27 times. But I will say this: I rather pay the toll 100 million times, than getting LOST in space like this… Holykaw!!. jar + Gravity -- + Warner Bros. Pictures + Friends of NASA + NASA's Kennedy Space Center + Warner Bros. Pictures Sverige + Warner Bros .Pictures Latino America + Warner Bros. Pictures España + Warner Bros Belgium + Warner Bros. Pictures - Danmark + Warner Bros. DE + Warner Bros. France + Warner Bros. Italia + Warner Bros. Pictures Latinoamerica + Warner Bros. Pictures México
Happy World Teacher’s Day! -- Friends: No matter what the subject is; Remember: A Teacher always teach ‘life’ to you. jar
Happy World Teacher’s Day! -- Friends: No matter what the subject is; Remember: A Teacher always teach ‘life’ to you. jar
No matter what you do: Water and “Frying Oil” ... Traffic and “Peeing” … they just never get alone. jar -- No importa lo que hagas: El Agua y el “Aceite de Freír” … El Trafico y los “Pipis” ... nunca se van a llevar bien. jar
p.s. the little girl at the end, is actually the little boy. -- nota: la niña al final del video, realmente es el niño.
The problem with love when it comes to us is that we simply give it all. But at the same time, that “giving” is what makes it and makes us COMPLETE. jar
The problem with love when it comes to us is that we simply give it all. But at the same time, that “giving” is what makes it and makes us COMPLETE. jar
BlackBerry is “On” (p.s. I really love that “Time Shift” feature with all my heart. jar) -- Este BlackBerry esta “D-K-Che” (nota: Me fascina la opción de “Time Shift” cuando tiras fotos. jar) + BlackBerry
p.s. It didn’t jump start the car because I no longer need it, because now my life FLY. jar
