Sony has just released a $1699 full-frame that accepted adapted Pentax lenses. Is this the type of camera that Pentax should launch? https://www.pentaxforums.com/news/sony-a7-first-affordable-pentax-full-frame.html
Sony has just released a $1699 full-frame that accepted adapted Pentax lenses. Is this the type of camera that Pentax should launch? https://www.pentaxforums.com/news/sony-a7-first-affordable-pentax-full-frame.html
Over 100 ways to save on Pentax gear- check out these deals!
We're giving away two Pentax K-50 DSLR kits! Enter in a matter of minutes:
Looking for the latest K-3 discussion? Check out our Pentax K-3 forum!
Get $315 in free bonus items with the purchase of any Pentax K-50 kit at Adorama. Check out this exclusive deal!
Hundreds of users have already pre-ordered a K-3 at B&H- have you? Get yours today and receive a free SanDisk 32Gb SD card:
The silver ones will be gone by then ;) Otherwise not a bad plan.
Alongside the K-3, Pentax has launched a new weather-sealed 55-300mm lens with HD coating:
One of our members goes hands-on with the Pentax K-3. Check out this preview!
The Pentax K-3 has just officially been announced! Check out our detailed preview of this exciting flagship DSLR:
Check out the fantastic submissions that won our recent post-processing contest!
Curious about the Pentax K-3 specifications? Here's a complete list of rumored specs:
More photos of the Pentax K-3 have surfaced:
K-5 II/s owners: there's a new firmware update out for you!
The theme for our October photo contest will be "astrophotography". Be sure not to miss it if you enjoy shooting the night sky!
Another photo of the Pentax K-3 surfaces:
The ultimate travel tripod: check out our review of the Sirui T-025x!
A new photo of the Pentax K-3 has recently made its way onto a Japanese web site. Could this be the one?
Just announced: the winners of last month's "Red" photo contest!
Enjoy birding? Don't miss our September photo contest for a shot at some great prizes!
Help us select the winners of last month's "Red" photo contest- voting closes in 5 days!
Looking for a nice mid-range DSLR? Check out our review of the Pentax K-50!
The Pentax MX-1 has recently dropped in price by $50:
Just posted: check out our in-depth review of the Pentax Q7!
Here's how the winning photo from our "Sky" photo contest was made!
Have you heard of the lens turbo, an accessory that makes your lenses faster? Here's it being used with Pentax lenses!
New firmware is out for all current Pentax DSLRs: grab it here!
Looking for hands-on reviews of Pentax gear? Check out or in-depth reviews!
Just posted: try our post-processing challenge for this week!
We may have found the ultimate travel tripod: check out our unboxing and first impressions of the Sirui T-025x
Want to stay on top of the latest Pentax reviews and tutorials? Don't forget to check out and subscribe to our Youtube channel!
$50 savings on the Pentax WG-3 waterproof are back this month (USA)!
Just announced: 50% savings on the Topaz Adjust photoshop plugin
Just posted: check out this member tutorial on RAW black and white conversions from the Ricoh GR!
Don't forget to enter in our September "Birds" photo contest for a shot at some great prizes!
The Pentax WG-3 is one tough camera! Take a look at this video to see what it can withstand during a day at the beach:
Save big on the Pentax K-5 II and IIs this month with this $200 instant rebate!
Help us congratulate forum member slowpez for winning our July "The Sky" photo contest with the photo below!
