nex-7 was good. the snag is that you can get four eos-m's for the same price. I'm not sure what kind of photographer you are matters too much. There's just too much personal preference involved. I don't really want to debate that or use "should" or "need" phrases. FF E-mount lenses will be rare at first since most E-mount lenses will crop for the nex-7, and later they'll probably be expensive because when you walk up to the counter asking for "full-frame E-mount" that's a very specific request from which the seller already knows you chose the most expensive body so they'll charge you discriminatorily. You can still use nikon/canon/leica/... adapters if you will give up autofocus, since those old film lenses cover full frame, and many are excellent and cheap-ish. I'm having lots of fun doing that. To me this is the virtue of mirrorless: adapters + fun. I also use manual flashes. You can get a Yongnuo sony-to-manual flash adapter and pixelking/yongnuo remotes, then use them with whatever flash, like older nikon ones or Metz or whatever cheap stuff you can find. Exposure is totally manual. useless at a concert, but if "event" means photographing your friends it can work---ceiling bounce, for example. this announcement frustrates me because I'd probably buy one, but I just bought a used nex-7 on ebay a couple weeks ago. i've not read the article, but this camera has been much-anticipated.
ok, i read that link 0a. adapter manufactured by "ebay" is $7 each. metabones EF is autofocus (impressive) but nikon F-mount looks manual-focus and still $100. wtf! 0b. metabones nex-ef: $400. canon eos-m: $230, efm-ef $110 (and still autofocus because it's all canon): $60 cheaper than metabones, and you get a whole camera for free. For an extra $70 you can get 22mm f/2.0 lens of decent quality. for me high prices takes the fun out of it. Granted it's not full-frame, though. thanks for pointing out metabones since i've never seen cross-mfgr af before. 1. a7r price, wtf! It's like the pixel in that I'd be a little embarrassed to be seen with it because people would know I spent so much money. 2. i kept waiting for the "computational photography" part from the title, but he does not describe anything legit. for example, some canon video cameras will do continuous HDR where they shoot every odd frame over- or under-exposed, then use motion estimation to yield a stream of hdr frames at the full frame rate. face recognition autofocus is not a "new level" of anything and is not why people have been anxiously awaiting this camera's release. so...dumb article. basically the only information is "full frame" and the price. 3. of those lenses, 55mm f/1.8 is the only interesting one, and i bet it's overpriced compared to EF- or F-mount 50mm f/1.4 when it should be cheaper because it's easier to make. The non-full-frame e-mount has some fast, short zeiss "touit" lenses shared with fuji x that I would want for themselves, but this camera seems mostly interesting for using older mirror-full or leica-mirrorless lenses through adapters since the non-full sensor wastes some of the old lenses' light. i also like the idea of ff + old lens, but the opportunity cost of $2.2k + $0.4k is so high. you could probably try eos-m, nex, and fuji-x---3 cameras!---for that price, with manualfocus adapter rings to share lenses among them. you could get nex-5 + nex-vg30 both. you could get one absurd lens, like canon's 85mm f/1.2, or (ASPH version costs too much, but the older one you could get).
