Press Release: Sony Announces A7 & A7R Full-Frame Mirrorless Cameras Sony has announced the A7 and A7R, both of which are mirrorless interchangeable lens cameras. What makes these new cameras different from the rest of them is that they each feature full-frame sensor. That makes these the smallest, lightest full-frame camera...
Review: Peak Design PRO Plates - ARCAplate, DUALplate, MICROplate Discount: As a follower of 1KIND Photography, you are eligible for a special 10% discount on ALL Peak Design products. Details are at the end of this review! Overview : ARCAplate® – a revamped version of Capture’s standard plate, works with most ARCA-type t...
Press Release: Nikon Releases 58mm f1/4G Lens In addition to the new announcement of the Nikon D5300 camera , Nikon also announced the new Nikkor 58mm f/1.4G lens. Nikon already has a 50mm f1.4G so releasing a 58mm is an odd focal length for a new f/1.4 prime lens. Other than the obvious 8mm difference...
Press Release: Nikon Announces D5300 Camera Nikon has announced the replacement to the Nikon D5200, the D5300. The D5300 comes with WiFi connectivity, shoots 5fps, has a 39-point AF system and has a new sensor which is 24.2 Megapixels. With this new sensor they have removed the OLPF or optical low pa...
Press Release: Nikon Announces D5300 Camera Nikon has announced the replacement to the Nikon D5200, the D5300. The D5300 comes with WiFi connectivity, shoots 5fps, has a 39-point AF system and has a new sensor which is 24.2 Megapixels. With this new sensor they have removed the OLPF or optical low pa...
Press Release: Sony Announces A7 & A7R Full-Frame Mirrorless Cameras Sony has announced the A7 and A7R, both of which are mirrorless interchangeable lens cameras. What makes these new cameras different from the rest of them is that they each feature full-frame sensor. That makes these the smallest, lightest full-frame camera...
New Sigma Art 24-105mm f/4 DG OS HSM Lens Listed on Sigma’s Website Sigma lists their latest addition to the “Art” line on their homepage. Planned release date was September 2013 for Canon but we're now in mid-October. So no word on actual release date or price for the lens. Sigma writes: Access the full power of your camer...
Review: Peak Design PROpad for Capture Camera Clip Discount: As a follower of 1KIND Photography, you are eligible for a special 10% discount on ALL Peak Design products. Details are at the end of this review! Overview : The Peak Design PROpad is an accessory for the Capture camera clip that is compatible wi...
Press Release: Nikon Announces D610 Camera Nikon has just announced a replacement to the D600 in the way of a D610. If you haven't heard, D600 has issues with oil on the sensors. However, Nikon has not officially acknowledged the issue but is this Nikon's way of admitting there was an issue? Maybe, ...
Review: Eye-Fi Mobi WiFi SDHC Memory Card for Mobile Devices (iPhone, iPad or Android) Overview : The Eye-Fi Mobi Wireless SDHC Card connects your camera to your Android smartphone/tablet, iPhone/iPad via extremely simple setup and instant connection so your best digital photos & videos are instantly saved and ready to share. With state-of-th...
New Yongnuo Triggers & Flashes "Fully Compatible" with Canon RT System Yongnuo has announced the first third-party flashgun and trigger compatible with the Canon 2.4GHz E-TTL system. The YN-E3-RT is an aftermarket flash trigger pitched by the Chinese manufacturer as an alternative to Canon’s own ST-E3-RT. A compatible flash mo...
Deal: Canon USA Mail-in Rebates Canon USA has started a new mail-in rebate program, below are the most popular lenses included in the rebate. The rebates will last until January 4, 2014. Canon EF 24-70 f/2.8L II ($300) B&H Photo | Amazon Canon EF 16-35 f/2.8L II ($200) B&H Photo | Amazon ...
Review: BRNO dri+Cap Kit Dehumidifying Caps for Canon & Nikon Bodies and Lenses Overview : There's finally a convenient way to protect your sensitive cameras and lenses from excess humidity and ambient relative humidi...
Press Release: Nikon's AW1 is World's First Waterproof Interchangeable-Lens Digital Camera Nikon today introduced the world's first rugged, waterproof and shockproof compact system camera with interchangeable lenses. Compact on ...
Rogue Safari DSLR Pop-Up Flash Booster for APS-C Cameras Weighing in at only 2 ounces, the Rogue Safari DSLR Pop-Up Flash Booster from ExpoImaging attaches to your DSLR camera's hot shoe and inc...
Deal: Nikon D600 Digital SLR Camera Body Price Drop Adorama currently offers several free accessories with the purchase of a Nikon D600 body : If you remove those accessories from your cart...
Review: Hejnar Photo Point and Shoot Arca-Swiss Quick Release Plate Overview : Quick Release plate for small P&amp;S cameras and other lightweight equipment. Features : 1.5 inch long 0.8 inch wide 5...
