Sony's eagerly anticipated full-frame ILCs, the A7 and A7R finally debut -- at reasonable prices Sony's eagerly anticipated full-frame ILCs, the A7 and A7R finally debut -- at reasonable prices Starting at about $1,700, Sony finally introduces its long-awaited full-frame interchangeable-lens compact, along with new full-frame E-mount lenses. 3jte...
Dell's Windows 8.1, quad-core tablet now on sale Dell's Windows 8.1, quad-core tablet now on sale Intel's quad-core Bay Trail processor powers Dell's new 8-inch tablet -- one of the first devices up for sale with the chip. more 3jtechnews.blogspot.com
MSI's W20 3M Tablet gets a long name, surprisingly light body MSI's W20 3M Tablet gets a long name, surprisingly light body The MSI W20 3M Tablet runs Windows 8, has an 11.6-inch screen, but is surprisingly light for its size. more 3jtechnews.blogspot.com
iPad Mini 2: What we expect regarding the price, specs, and release date of Apple's next iPad Mini iPad Mini 2: What we expect regarding the price, specs, and release date of Apple's next iPad Mini Will a Retina display finally make its way into Apple's smallest iPad? Here are our best pre-event guesses. ...
Official Android 4.3 Download for Samsung Galaxy S4 (GT-I9500) Now Available Official Android 4.3 Download for Samsung Galaxy S4 (GT-I9500) Now Available Samsung kicked off the deployment of Android 4.3 Jelly Bean update for Galaxy S4 (GT-I9505) yesterday and rumors suggested the upgrade would be available for the non-LTE version on...
Download Now Grand Theft Auto 5 Patch 1.04 to Solve GTA Online Issues Download Now Grand Theft Auto 5 Patch 1.04 to Solve GTA Online Issues Grand Theft Auto 5 has just received patch 1.04 designed to solve the many different issues that are plaguing the GTA Online multiplayer mode, such as disappearing cars. GTA 5 came out on...
Surface Phone 2 Concept Device Emerges Online Surface Phone 2 Concept Device Emerges Online Redmond-based software giant Microsoft has been long rumored to plan the launch of a Surface Phone, something that did not happen so far, but that might become a reality now that the company bought Nokia. While ...
Apple Discovers Potentially Serious Flaw with MacBook Air SSDs Apple Discovers Potentially Serious Flaw with MacBook Air SSDs Apple has discovered an issue with the solid-state drives in a particular batch of MacBook Air models shipped last year. A firmware update is now available to correct the problem, while users wh...
AOL dethrones Google at top of video-ad rankings AOL dethrones Google at top of video-ad rankings With CEO Tim Armstrong's biggest takeover -- Adap.tv -- in the fold, AOL edges ahead of Google in ComScore's listing of the biggest video-ad properties. more 3jtechnews.blogspot.com
Windows 8.1: should you upgrade? Windows 8.1: should you upgrade? Welcome tweaks and new features in this free OS update, but not a game-changer more 3jtechnews.blogspot.com
Windows 8.1: Should you upgrade? Windows 8.1: Should you upgrade? Welcome tweaks and new features in this free OS update, but not a game-changer 3jtechnews.blogspot.com
Microsoft's Windows 8.1 arrives: A look back, and ahead Microsoft's Windows 8.1 arrives: A look back, and ahead Microsoft's latest version of Windows, 8.1, arrives today. CNET takes a look at what came before it, and what's still ahead. more 3jtechnews.blogspot.com
Windows 8.1: New features, but same problems Windows 8.1: New features, but same problems Microsoft fixes some complaints about Windows 8, such as the lack of a Start button, but the features likely won't change buyers' opinions. more 3jtechnews.blogsp...
How Microsoft Ruined Patch Tuesday’s 10th Anniversary How Microsoft Ruined Patch Tuesday’s 10th Anniversary This month, Microsoft and the Windows user community are celebrating the 10th anniversary of Patch Tuesday, an updating cycle started in 2003 and supposed to provide consumers across the world with fixes...
AMD Outs Catalyst Legacy Graphics Driver Version 13.9 – Download Now AMD Outs Catalyst Legacy Graphics Driver Version 13.9 – Download Now SHARE: Adjust text size: - The version is compatible with Microsoft’s Windows Vista and 7 OSes AMD has made a new variant of its Catalyst Legacy graphics driver available, namely ve...
Sony's eagerly anticipated full-frame ILCs, the A7 and A7R finally debut -- at reasonable prices Sony's eagerly anticipated full-frame ILCs, the A7 and A7R finally debut -- at reasonable prices Starting at about $1,700, Sony finally introduces its long-awaited full-frame interchangeable-lens compact, along with new full-frame E-mount lenses. 3jte...
Apple updates Java, removes Java plugin Apple updates Java, removes Java plugin Apple is progressively moving away from supporting its in-house developed Java runtime for OS X. more 3jtechnews.blogspot.com
Toyota Corolla update shows nice styling, connected tech Toyota Corolla update shows nice styling, connected tech It may not be much of a driver's car, but the new Corolla looks good both inside and out, gets high fuel economy, and features Toyota's Entune connected tech system. 3jte...
Meenova adds a microSD reader to Android devices Meenova adds a microSD reader to Android devices Need extra storage for your HTC One or another seemingly unexpandable smartphone or tablet? This little plug-in reader offers an elegant solution. more 3jtechnews.blogspot.com
LG's Failed Attempt to Mock BlackBerry on Facebook Backfires LG's Failed Attempt to Mock BlackBerry on Facebook Backfires BlackBerry has been moving on thin ice for quite some time now and lots of companies are trying to have their shot at the Canadian company. Such an attempt was recently made by South Korean handse...
Here's Why AMD Mantle Won't Work on Microsoft's Xbox One Consoles Here's Why AMD Mantle Won't Work on Microsoft's Xbox One Consoles Just a short time ago, Microsoft broke hearts all around the world when it said that the AMD Mantle API would not be supported by its Xbox One console. Now we know why, and it's not really su...
iPad 5, iPad mini 2, Mac Pro Launch Dates Leaked iPad 5, iPad mini 2, Mac Pro Launch Dates Leaked The Frenchies at MacG have gotten their hands on the release dates for Apple’s up and coming iPads and Macs, following the (still rumored) October 22 event next week. Apple next week will reportedly introduce...
Samsung Galaxy Round Unboxing Video Shows Display Is Not Flexible Samsung Galaxy Round Unboxing Video Shows Display Is Not Flexible Officially unveiled last week, Samsung Galaxy Round, the world’s first smartphone to feature a flexible display, has just gotten its first unboxing video, which shows that the screen is not t...
How to Run Internet Explorer on Mac OS X How to Run Internet Explorer on Mac OS X The last official Internet Explorer for Mac is no longer functional since the release of OS X 10.7 (Lion), and it’s a huge pain in the neck, including from a security standpoint. Update: installingVirtualBox version ...
How to Get Old Yahoo Mail Back How to Get Old Yahoo Mail Back Yahoo’s new mail is annoying a lot of people. Part of this is because people don’t really like it when changes this big happen overnight, while another part can be blamed on all the bugs that have been reported over the past w...
Xbox One Multiplayer and Online Features Detailed in New Video Xbox One Multiplayer and Online Features Detailed in New Video Microsoft has just posted a brand new video about its Xbox One next-gen console, showing off the different multiplayer and online features that will debut alongside the new device, from its upgr...
New Nexus 5 Photos Leak Ahead of Official Launch New Nexus 5 Photos Leak Ahead of Official Launch New photos allegedly depicting the upcoming Nexus 5 smartphone are now available for your viewing pleasure, just before the phone’s official launch event, which could take place as soon as today. The new set ...
Android 4.4 KitKat: What we expect about the announcement, specs, and release date of Google's next OS Android 4.4 KitKat: What we expect about the announcement, specs, and release date of Google's next OS Rumors suggest that Google will come clean about Android 4.4 by the end of the month, even as early as October. Here's what else people are saying. ...
Windows and HTC jump into jumbo phones Windows and HTC jump into jumbo phones The bulky HTC One Max goes up against Samsung's Galaxy Note 3, larger Windows phones are on the way with latest update, and Sonos' new speaker includes a free network bridge. more ...
Microsoft gives devs early access to Windows Phone builds Microsoft gives devs early access to Windows Phone builds The company looks to boost Windows Phone apps by giving developers access to operating system updates before they're released to the public. more 3jsportsnews.blogspot.com
HTC One Max: Removable cover, but no removable battery. Why? HTC One Max: Removable cover, but no removable battery. Why? The lack of a removable battery on HTC's new phablet is a missed opportunity. CNET explains why HTC made the call to keep its battery sealed. more 3jtechnews.blogspot.com
Windows Phone 8 supersizes with quad-core, phablet support Windows Phone 8 supersizes with quad-core, phablet support Microsoft's operating system makes Windows Phone phablets a reality with a new interface fitted for humongous screens, and support for quad-core CPUs. 3jtechnews.blogspot.com
Windows Phone 8 Update 3 goes big for phablets (pictures) Windows Phone 8 Update 3 goes big for phablets (pictures) The latest update for the mobile operating system from Microsoft adds support for larger screens and other design enhancements. more ...
If you are one of those people that grew up with games such as Kings Quest or Broken Sword, you will definitely savor Headup 3jtechnews.blogspot.com
Just as promised, Redmond has started delivering updates for Windows 8.1 RTM workstations before the new operating system hits the market on October 18. 3jtechnews.blogspot.com
Apps crash twice as often on the iPhone 5S, compared to the iPhone 5 and iPhone 5C. 3jtechnews.blogspot.com
The tighter supply could be intentional as Apple preps the phone for launch in more than 25 additional countries, according to analyst Gene Munster. 3jtechnews.blogspot.com
If you are selling or donating your old Mac, be sure to secure your data and properly set it up for the new owners. 3jtechnews.blogspot.com
The evidence continues to pile up that we could see the next Nexus as soon as next week. South Korean case maker Spigen says the "revolution" is upon us. 3jtechnews.blogspot.com
After its CEO said an Android app was possibly coming in September, the cloud-based TV provider says it will release one in public beta later this month, available to members in the seven markets where Aereo operates. 3jtechnews.blogspot.com
After its CEO said an Android app was possibly coming in September, the cloud-based TV provider says it will release one in public beta later this month, available to members in the seven markets where Aereo operates. 3jtechnews.blogspot.com
