Sony Xperia C Announced in India for Rs. 21490 After Sony Xperia Z and Z1, Sony has released its another smartphone in Indian market named Sony Xperia C.Xperia C is priced at Rs. 21490 for India.Sony Xperia C was originally announced in June. It runs Android 4.2 Jelly bean operating system.It has 5-inch...
Android 4.3 update is now available for Samsung Galaxy S4 I9505 After many rumors, finally Samsung has released official update for most popular Samsung Galaxy S4.New update for Samsung Galaxy S4 is Android 4.3 Jelly Bean. Update is not currently available in all country.It is currently available in Germany and will be ...
Sony Xperia C Announced in India for Rs. 21490 After Sony Xperia Z and Z1, Sony has released its another smartphone in Indian market named Sony Xperia C.Xperia C is priced at Rs. 21490 for India.Sony Xperia C was originally announced in June. It runs Android 4.2 Jelly bean operating system.It has 5-inch...
Facebook Official Application for Windows 8.1 : Download Now Microsoft is finally ready to release windows 8.1, comes with new apps and features.Facebook has released its official Windows 8.1 app today with Windows 8.1 launch.New Facebook is fully compatible with Windows 8.1 and its user interface. This new applicati...
Download Microsoft Security Essentials 2014 Microsoft Security Essentials is a free Antivirus provided bu Microsoft for windows based operating system.It is all in one anti virus and require minimum space for installing.You don't need to upgrade it every time. Microsoft has announced the latest versi...
Windows 8.1 is coming,Ready for Download !! As Microsoft promised, Windows 8.1 will launched on 18 October and free available for Windows 8 users.Windows 8.1 is a next upgrade for Microsoft Windows 8.So,are you ready for download windows 8.1? Windows 8.1 will launched on 18 October but windows 8 use...
Official Twitter App For Android Tablets Released : Download Now Twitter has finally released its latest application for tablet.Twitter is a one of the most popular social networking site and has never had an Android tablet application, until now.But finally Twitter has released optimized app for tablets. This new app is...
Microsoft updates Outlook.com app for Android Microsoft released its update for its Outlook.com app for Android.Microsoft released its last update in May and now yesterday Microsoft has released its new update.Outlook is the Official Microsoft Outlook.com app gives you the best mobile interface for you...
Quick Heal Antivirus Pro 2013 with 4 Months Product Key Quick heal is one of the leading antivirus software program.Quick heal is most trustable antivirus program because of its reliable and high performance protection against threats. Quick heal 2013 Antivirus pro is comes with such a modern anti-theft tools an...
Download Windows Defender Offline Update 9 October 2013 Windows Defender is a built in Antivirus Program in latest Windows based Operating system such as Windows 7 and Windows 8.You don't need to install other Antivirus program against viruses and malwares. Microsoft has released new update everyday for Windows ...
Nokia's Storyteller app for Windows 8 : Images leaked Recently, Nokia Cell Phone Business was bought Microsoft in $7 Billion.It is expected that after this deal, They will launch some new devices.As expected, Nokia's next press event known as Nokia World, is scheduled to be held October 22nd in Abu Dhabi. Here...
Chromecast is now available for international users Chromecast is a Wireless Streaming device looks like a USB pen drive which can play your favorite Songs, Videos and Movies from YouTube, Google Play Store and Other Cloud Storage.Chromecast was released in July 2013. At the time of released, Chromecast was ...
Faktory JB 4.1.2 For Xperia X8 The Faktory JB Team wants to bring the users the best X8 ROM for the day-to-day quickly and effectively with extreme performance.It is a best ROM for day to day use and has new features that increase your phone performance. Features: Integrated Achep ICS la...
Faktory JB 4.1.2 For Xperia X8 The Faktory JB Team wants to bring the users the best X8 ROM for the day-to-day quickly and effectively with extreme performance.It is a best ROM for day to day use and has new features that increase your phone performance. Features: MiniCM10 and CM10 Andro...
iOS 7 Custom ROM for Xperia X8 As you know that iOS 7 has recently released for all the iPhone devices.iOS 7 is one of the most innovative operating system but it is quite similar to our android operating system.In iOS you can see notification bar,multitasking apps,home screen,lock scree...
A Complete ebook Collection for C++ Programming C++ is a programming language. It is known as an intermediate-level language, as it comprises both high-level and low-level language features.It has object oriented features such as classes.C++ was Developed by Bjarne Stroustrup in 1979 at Bell Laboratory. ...
Skype Released for iPhone and iPad : New iOS 7 User Interface Microsoft is updating their all apps available for apple devices for iOS 7 compatibility.Skype which is most popular video calling application, has updated for iOS 7.After many changes, finally Microsoft has released a Skype for iPhone and iPad. Image Sourc...
Krrish 3 Official Game is now available for Windows Phone and Windows 8 Krrish 3 is a official game inspired by Bollywood movie Krrish.Krrish 3 is a upcoming movie coming this Diwali.Therefore, the Krrish 3 team has announced Krrish 3 official game.It is now available for free download for Windows Phone and Windows 8. Krrish 3 ...
Increase Your Facebook Likes using JavaScript Today i have found one more interesting trick to increase your Facebook Likes.Social Networking sites like Facebook and Twitter plays an important role to increase your traffic.You can increase your Facebook likes using JavaScript. Visitors just need to cli...
Facebook SDK for iOS 7 : Download Now Recently Apple has released its next iOS 7 operating system for iPhone and other Apple devices.It was very necessary to make new tools that support iOS 7.So for Facebook developers Facebook has released its new version of SDK. Facebook has announced SDK 3.8...
Nexus 5 Official Service Manual leaked Saturday night,there was a biggest leak.Official Service Manual of upcoming Nexus 5 has been leaked on the internet.Nexus 5 is a first smartphone which comes with Android 4.4 KitKat as promised.All the specifications and details of Nexus 5 has been revealed...
Battlefield 4 Beta is now Available For PC, Xbox 360 And PS3 : Download Now Battlefield is one of the most popular game in the world.A few days ago, Rockstar has released GTA V and now EA has announced Battlefield 4.Battlefield 4 is an upcoming first-person shooter video game from EA Games.It is a next version of Battlefield series...
