#delete4 I have looked at this several times; I agree with + Nev Nels . Did you have the opportunity for a different POV or was this a grab it while you can?
#save8 Full screen and then zoomed in the image rocks! + Nev Nels After the vote would you please identify the "messy spots" from processing that I am not seeing.
+ Jason Zollan I'm glad you did a save. Did you look at the image really large? If you make it larger than life there are so many lines and curves to follow and the depth to go down into. Not to say you still might find it boring; just a suggestion.
#save3 I think it is lovely; the center might be a bit sharper.
+ Max Kotchouro Mornin' Where exactly was the POF since it is on an angle and not straight into the center? Was it the tiny center dot?
I guess the problem is that the eye expects the very center to be the sharpest, and because of your extremely limited DOF it isn't the sharpest.
#delete7 The bee is more than good; the rest of the image meh! Wrong moment regarding the chosen flower/composition.
+ Max Kotchouro #delete2 The building is great and well exposed; the flare is too distracting and blanks the sky and distracts the eye. It is one thing to say you like shots against the sun; it done well it can be quite dramatic. Are you also saying that you intentionally put lens flare into your images, AND that you do not consider them a distraction?
I think it is very level; on the level I think it is level.
+ Max Kotchouro I'm never questioned that you added it in post.
Agree there is no lens flare; there is sun flare or perhaps there is another technical term for what the hot light at the lower left corner of the dome as we look at it. I misspoke calling it lens flare; it is some type of flare.
Then it is a winner regardless of the votes. We can't please all of the people all of the time.
You are very welcome; thank you for the compliment. For me, what this is all about are the delete critiques that I agree with; not the save critiques that I, of course, appreciate. TLB is the only place on the internet in a social media context where the critiques are in the main direct and meaningful. About 50% of the time I agree with the delete comments; here in the current image I have in the Pool I agree that the sky could be reworked - it is not tilted! Because I agree with the deletes about 50% of the time whether or not an image receives 10 saves, and whether or not my Public Post goes big time; I find myself either immediately reprocessing or saving the comments for later reference. The is a great educational fun game if you keep an open mind and thick skin. Cheers,
#delete4 Ditto + Oleg Perejogin + Jennifer Adkins the grass line isn't a problem; the pole is straight.
Yes, if it is a distraction from the story; no if it adds to the story and does not detract from the composition.
#delete all works except for only a partial window on the left; include all or none. as posted it is an intrusion into the frame.
#delete7 The first building on the left seems to be the sharpest; perhaps intentional to use the horizontal lines to rive the eye into the center. If that is the intention, the tiny cropped bit in the extreme left should have not been there as it is a distraction; crop in a drop from the left to fix that. Again on the extreme right if you had cropped in just a bit more and eliminated the sliver of entranceway that would eliminate a another distraction. Finally, I do not like the sun flare (?) in the trees; easy to deal with either with a Grad or bracketed shots and manual blending.
