+ Frederick Van Johnson Totally agree with you, there is more inventiveness with mirror-less cameras over Dslr's. Its the main reason I feel that so many photographers are switching to mirror-less, professionals included. The consumer wants a beautiful looking camera - one of the reasons why I s'pose you are seeing cameras in so many different colours these days The Dslr's by tradition are boxed in on their design. It will be a slow death, my friend. Great show again.
Great show again guys... It wouldn't surprise me if Sony dropped the Alpha series cameras and concentrated on the NEX and RX series makes sense to me! Interesting you commented on Nikon and Canon how quiet they've been - I think they are a little lost with the mirror-less up take... Sony wanted to break the Nikon and Canon hold and I think they are making roads along with the Fuji, Olympus and Panasonic guys...
Hi + Frederick Van Johnson - Listening to TWIP 327 now... I'm from London and I gotta say there really isn't a major problem photographing in London now. A lot (all) of the police have been well versed on what street photographers can and cannot take... It's the security guys of buildings that invariably cause the problem, as they don't appreciate that a photographer can take an image of 'their' building from a public position! From my experiences I see many photographers around london from all countries around the world. I have never had a problem in London (or any other city in the UK for that fact), you just gotta respect peoples space and ask, after all asking isn't marrying!
I've gotta ask this question + Doug Kaye and + Frederick Van Johnson "Don't you think this is where Nikon went wrong with the Nikon1 system?" To me the RX1R has some Nikon J1, 2 and 3 striking resemblances in body design and size! So Nikon could have put a full frame sensor in their 1 system. But they worried too much about losing market share on the Full Frame DSLR kits!
Now come on + Frederick Van Johnson sit still for a moment. What was it + Doug Kaye said "the best camera is the one that comes out after you have bought one"!
Oh no that's another one to add to the list then.. I wanted him to say to you enough Frederick I think he is a bad influence hehe...
Me too I have serious reservations re Facebook issue of using images... All my images generally are uploaded via a blog site (wordpress) using IFTTT.com. As a point in passing, do you think my images are covered against mis/reuse by Facebook?
+ Darlene Hildebrandt IFTTT.com If This Then That - is a service that sends multiple posts - example post to tumblr then on to wordpress then to blogspot then to flickr the facebook etc etc... + Frederick Van Johnson gave me the tip off...
Great show...Tell me + Frederick Van Johnson why do your eyes always light up when + Valerie Jardin starts to talk about her FUJI X100s... Valerie why not the Fuji X-E1 for an interchangeable lens camera. Nice to see + ron brinkmann back and congrats Ron.
+ Frederick Van Johnson when I picked up the X-E1 I just knew it was the camera for me. You said this in the programme today it's all about a feel you get for the camera. It's why I originally chose Nikon over Canon although I know you didn't get a choice using the Nikon range initially. I think though you will love the x100s.
Hi + Michael Murphy I've never used fixation but heard good comments and I know that's where Grays of Westminster send their Nikon repairs to - hope it helps good luck...
