We're keeping the GH3 for video assignments for now. It still far outweighs the E-M1 in that department.
How long did they give you with the three cameras? I'm not overly struck on the appearance but the specs look promising.
As we are sure you all know by now, the Sony A7 and A7r have been made official! The question we ask is: will a full frame sensor be enough to get DSLR users to switch? What about the lens line-up, and what could Sony improve in the future? #sonya7 #sonya7r #sonyfullframe
Panasonic's newest camera, the GM1, is definitely an interesting addition to the Lumix collection, as it is the smallest, lightest and most compact MFT camera to date. But could they have picked a worse date to announce it on? #panasonicgm1
Panasonic's newest camera, the GM1, is definitely an interesting addition to the Lumix collection, as it is the smallest, lightest and most compact MFT camera to date. But could they have picked a worse date to announce it on? #gm1 #panasonicgm1 #lumixgm1
As we are sure you all know by now, the Sony A7 and A7r have been made official! The question we ask is: will a full frame sensor be enough to get DSLR users to switch? What about the lens line-up, and what could Sony improve in the future? #sonya7 #sonya7r #sonyfullframe
Our Fujifilm X-M1 review is out! Image quality is top and guaranteed as we know how great the X-pro1 and X-E1 are (same sensor). But what about the rest? #fujixm1 #fujifilm #fujifilmxm1
+ Yael DEFAYE We shot RAW+JPG. In terms of IQ I'd say they're pretty close but I prefer the Fuji results especially regarding colour rendering. And yes, Fuji lenses are much better.
Nick, a complete beginner to photography, takes the Olympus Pen E-P5 out for a spin around Lake Como. Here are the images he produced! #olympus #olympuspen #olympuspenep5
As promised, here is our first Panasonic GX7 gallery taken at Lake Como in Italy! Heather's brother was visiting from Canada, so we were very fortunate to have the wonderful weather that we did. Have any of you ever visited this part of Italy? What did you think?
The sun setting on the streets of Como, Italy. #lakecomo #italianlakes #x100s #fujix100s
Who could have imagined Steve McCurry as Sony's representative for its new Xperia Z1 smartphone? It seems that even the professionals are taking an interest in smartphone photography these days. #stevemccurry #smartphonephotography
The Fuji X-M1 and the 16-50mm meet the Reggia di Venaria Reale, one of the grandest palaces in all of Italy! #fujixm1 #fujifilm #fujifilmxm1
I first fell in love with the Panasonic Lumix 35-100mm f/2.8 back at the Milan Photoshow in March 2013. Now, six months down the road, it has become a vital tool for every kind of photography I do, from wedding to event to even landscape. To read more about this great lens, check out our full review! #lumix #panasoniclumix
+ Tom Nguyen Haha touche. It's an awesome lens and I'm sure you can find it second-hand these days. It'll take something really amazing for me to replace it.
For anyone interested in how the E-P5 compares to the GX7 in terms of ISO performance and stabilization, we've written up a comparison!
We finally got our wonderful GX7 a couple of days ago in exchange for my last DSLR, the Nikon D700. (No regrets!) Yesterday we made a low-light comparison (ISO and stabilisation) between it and the E-P5, and the GX7 definitely wins for ISO performance!
+ Kent Forrest I have an adaptor for Nikkor lenses but haven't tried it yet on the GX7. I often use Nikkor glass with my gh3 for video and they give very nice results. I have been using MFT cameras for almost a year now, work included. That's why I have no regrets - my D700 was only gathering dust
Despite the rain and clouds, we had a great time testing out the #panasonic #lumix #gx7 at the Venaria Reale near Turin! We even fit in a low-light comparison against the Pen E-P5, and the results were quite surprising!
Worried about depth of field with the Olympus OM-D E-M5? Don't be. #omdem5 #olympusomd #olympus #microfourthirds #em5
Taken with the GH3 last June in Tuscany.
Good suggestions. I don't like it as much in B&W but I agree, I should crop out the eye.
"The Return to Innocence" Some of my favourite portraits taken with the #panasoniclumix #gh3 back in June.
Finally some concrete news about the two new Sony Full Frame NEX cameras! And that Fuji X-Lovers festival sounds like a lot of fun...too bad we're nowhere near Tokyo. #fullframenex #fullframemirrorless #fujixe2 #fujifilm #sonynex
We took the Fuji X-M1 out for a spin this evening to quickly try out the autofocus with the 27mm pancake lens attached. All we can say is that the news is good! #fujixm1 #fujifilmxm1 #fujifilm #27mm
While we were in Wales this past summer, Mathieu took it upon himself to complete a personal photography project with the X100s. He was inspired by the lovely and interesting vendors at the Machynllyth market, and went on to photograph about thirty street portraits of them. Here you'll find the best of that selection. All photos were edited using Rebecca Lily's wonderful Pastel presets! #fujix100s #fujifilmx100s
+ David Whittley Are you looking at the website on a mobile phone or are you looking at it on a computer? I agree that it is a problem on mobile devices if you place the widgets on the left side of the website, and it is something we need to resolve. Also, I'm curious, does the website take a long time to load with your internet connection? It takes much less than 8 seconds on ours.
Thanks for checking all the different browsers + David Whittley . We had a look into blocking sidebar widgets for mobile yesterday but the general implication is that it could create problems with the code of our website. Plus it wouldn't decrease the time it would take the site to load. We'll investigate the option of creating "desktop version" as you said. Thanks for the heads-up!
Our two Canadian friends enjoying themselves in the #langhe of #piemonte Italy. Taken with the #omdem5 and the #lumix 35-100mm.
Taken the other day in the Langhe region of Italy with the OM-D E-M5 and Lumix 35-100mm.
Thank you, Eric. Yes, it was her first time in that part of Italy. The views were stunning!
She's arrived and she's a beauty! (Though the box is a little beat up. :P) #fujixm1 #xm1 #fujifilm
Thanks + David Whittley , we plan to go out shooting as soon as possible.
We'd be very interested in testing both side-by-side. I don't know when Fuji Italia will have an X-A1 available for us to try but we can ask. So far I like what I see on the X-A1!
I'm excited to announce the release of my brand new eBook, ZEN PHOTOGRAPHER: Turning Your Passion into Focus . It's an 81-page collection of essays and photographs that are designed to ignite your imagination, inspire creativity and generally fill your brain with rock solid tips, insight and advice - advice that will bring new fire and motivation to your photography. It will also save you time and prevent you from making many common mistakes as you travel along on your own photography path. Get ZEN PHOTOGRAPHER here at a special introductory price:
We never thought Amazon would discount the GX7 so early on in the game but it seems they've knocked $100 off the price! Not only but there are lots of new deals on Sony and Olympus lenses/cameras. This is definitely a good time for mirrorless fans!
Only two or three years ago, many professional photographers never would have dreamed of using compact cameras for casual photography, let alone professional work. Fast forward to 2013 and we now have a number of compacts which are quickly approaching the quality of low-end DSLRs, two of which are the Fuji X20 and Sony RX100M2. Check out our comparison of these two compact marvels here! #sony #fujifilm #fujix20 #rx100m2 #rx100ii
The sky was on fire last night! Taken out of the car window with the E-M5.
The number of professional photographers who use Fuji X cameras on the job is growing day by day. Be sure to hop over to our newest post to meet ten of them! #fujifilm #fujix #fujixpro1 #fujix100s #fujixe1 #fujiusers
Do you agree with our selection of the best mirrorless cameras for professional photographers? #mirrorless #mirrorlesscamera #mirrorlessphotography #professionalphotographer
Yes, those are two excellent choices. I can't wait to see what the various brands will bring out in 2014!
To conclude our rolling hands-on coverage of the OM-D E-M1, we leave you with an account of our day at Castle Leslie accompanied by a number of backstage photos and interesting shots that don't belong elsewhere. As you will see, Olympus really does know how to hold a proper press event and treat its guests well!
Hi everyone. I thought you might be interested in our latest hands-on report with the E-M1, this time regarding AF/C-AF with 4/3s and Lumix lenses. Let me know what you think!
Besides ISO performance, another aspect many of you were interested in was the S-AF/C-AF performance on the #omdem1 with 4/3s and #lumix lenses. Though we didn't have a lot of time to test these two aspects thoroughly, we were pretty impressed with the results. What do you think – is the E-M1 in the same playing field as a DSLR?
When we saw that #OlympusEurope had a prototype of the new M.Zuiko PRO 40-150mm f/2.8 on hand, we knew we just had to get our paws on it! Here are our thoughts along with a quick preview of C-AF on the E-M1 with a #Lumix lens... Is the 40-150mm a lens you'd be interested in? #microfourthirds
For the first time in a very long time, every single main #mirrorlesscamera brand has an announcement up its sleeve! September and October are going to be two very good months... Which announcement excites you the most? #photography
The E-M1 and GX7 have been announced to rave reviews. What do Micro Four-Thirds users need next? Read the first part of my take on the state of MFT here:
One of the most gratifying and enjoyable moments of our day in Dublin was the informal interview we held with three #Olympus managers at the event. They kindly took 30 minutes out of their schedule to answer some of our questions about the E-M1, the new PRO lens line-up and the future of Olympus. Here's what they had to say! #omdem1 #olympusomd
Hey everyone! I hope you don't mind if I share our first hands-on article with the E-M1! It talks about low-light performance (ISO and stabilisation) and includes some comparisons with the E-M5. Cheers!
Yes they are. I doubt I'll ever have to use 2 seconds, but it is a comfort to know I can go down to 1 second and not worry too much about my image being in focus.
Well, after two days in Dublin with the amazing #olympus crew and the new #omdem1 we are tired but extremely happy to have met so many great people! Though we are still halfway from home, we wanted to share our first hands-on review all about how the E-M1 performs in low light conditions. Enjoy! #omd #microfourthirds #em1
Cheers Tom. Have you had the chance to try the camera?
Do you use the E-M5 with the additional grip? If so, the E-M1 is about the same size as the E-M5 with the grip attached. I found the ergonomics just perfect. That said, the E-M5 does a bang-up job and an upgrade is far from vital. I didn't realise you were writing a book, sounds like a great project!
How long did they give you with the three cameras? I'm not overly struck on the appearance but the specs look promising.
How long did they give you with the three cameras? I'm not overly struck on the appearance but the specs look promising.
