Xperia C Launched By Sony In India Xperia C Launched By Sony In India Sony company has officially launched the smartphone in India for a price of Rs 21,490. The Xperia C sports a large 5-inch display. It is powered by a 1.2GHz MTK6589 quad-core processor, with 1GB of RAM. The dual SIM phon...
Airtel has acquired 100 per cent stake in Wireless Business Services Airtel has acquired 100 per cent stake in Wireless Business Services Airtel today announced that it has acquired 100 per cent stake in Wireless Business Services (WBSPL), a company founded by US chipmaker Qualcomm which holds 4G BWA Spectrum in Mumbai, D...
Airtel Launched Talktime loan option and Mobile charging vans for Odisha Users Airtel Launched Talktime loan option and Mobile charging vans for Odisha Users Airtel has come forward to help victims in the cyclone affected areas of Odisha to stay connected with their family and friends. Airtel have deployed over thousands of mobile c...
For Festival Season Karbonn launched new four smartphones For Festival Season Karbonn launched new four smartphones K arbonn has launched four new smartphones for the festive season – A16, A35, A90, A99. All four devices are Android-based and support dual SIMs (GSM + GSM). The Karbonn A35 is the most expensive ...
Hugh Jackman is now Micromax new brand ambassador Hugh Jackman is now Micromax new brand ambassador M icromax has now signed up a new brand ambassador, and the choice is rather surprising. In what could be called a coup, Hollywood A-lister Hugh Jackman has come on board to endorse the company’s upcoming...
Reliance Launched an International Roaming Pack Awesome America Pack Reliance Launched an International Roaming Pack Awesome America Pack Reliance Communications (Rcom),today announced the launch of an International Roaming Pack Awesome America for its post-paid GSM customers. This new international roaming pack will al...
Vodafone Installs Insta Network to help in Odisha Vodafone Installs Insta Network to help in Odisha Vodafone has installed an ‘Insta Network’ in record time in Chhatrapur in the Ganjam district where the sites were down since Saturday (12th October) afternoon. With ‘ Insta Network ‘ an instant and portab...
Samsung Galaxy S4 OS update is now available Samsung Galaxy S4 OS update is now available Android 4.3 Jelly Bean update is now starting to roll out to Samsung Galaxy S4 (GT-I9505). The update was promised to users last month and is right on time to meet the October date, even though there is still ...
Xperia C Launched By Sony In India Xperia C Launched By Sony In India Sony company has officially launched the smartphone in India for a price of Rs 21,490. The Xperia C sports a large 5-inch display. It is powered by a 1.2GHz MTK6589 quad-core processor, with 1GB of RAM. The dual SIM phon...
Microsoft Windows 8.1 officially released Today By Microsoft Microsoft Windows 8.1 officially released Today By Microsoft Microsoft Windows 8.1 officially released Today By Microsoft, numbered at 8.1, is now globally available. Anyone using Windows 8 will get an automatic update to the newer version of the operatin...
True Unlimited Plan 575 and 725 Launched By BSNL Broadband True Unlimited Plan 575 and 725 Launched By BSNL Broadband India’s largest Broadband service provider Bharat Sanchar Nigam Ltd (BSNL) today announced the launch of two new True Unlimited Broadband plans for Rs.575 and Rs.725 for its customers in Surat SS...
BlackBerry smartphones Festive Offer BlackBerry smartphones Festive Offer BlackBerry will be offering limited period exclusive offer on BlackBerry 10 smartphones for BlackBerry Enterprise Service 10 (BES10) customers in India. BES10 customers can now purchase BlackBerry Q10 smartphone at jus...
iPhone 5S and 5C Offered By Airtel & Reliance iPhone 5S and 5C Offered By Airtel & Reliance Airtel and Reliance has today announced that it will be offering iPhone 5S and iPhone 5C in India to customers beginning November 1, 2013. Airtel customers can visit selected Airtel Retail Store for pre-regis...
iPhone 5S and 5C Offered By Airtel & Reliance iPhone 5S and 5C Offered By Airtel & Reliance Airtel and Reliance has today announced that it will be offering iPhone 5S and iPhone 5C in India to customers beginning November 1, 2013. Airtel customers can visit selected Airtel Retail Store for pre-regis...
Vodafone Launched AppStar Contest for Apps Developers Vodafone Launched AppStar Contest for Apps Developers Vodafone India today announced the launch of Vodafone AppStar – an annual mobile app developer contest to encourage local adoption of mobile Internet by focusing on the developer ecosystem. This is a g...
MTNL will Invest to Improve Mobile Network Coverage and 3G Speed MTNL will Invest to Improve Mobile Network Coverage and 3G Speed India’s first 3G Mobile and Data service provider Mahanagar telephone Nigam Ltd (MTNL) has geared up to upgrade its current 3G Network into IP-based next generation 3G network with 6-fold sp...
Idea Cellular Now Have unified license for seven circles Idea Cellular Now Have unified license for seven circles I dea Cellular got a unified licence for seven circles by the Department of Telecom (DoT). The company has now piled in licences for Assam, West Bengal, Kolkata, the North East, Tamil Nadu, Jammu a...
Idea Cellular awarded Got unified license for seven circles Idea Cellular awarded Got unified license for seven circles I dea Cellular got a unified licence for seven circles by the Department of Telecom (DoT). The company has now piled in licences for Assam, West Bengal, Kolkata, the North East, Tamil Nadu, Jamm...
Government of India said to telecom operators Keep Mobile Network Running via Intra Circle Roaming in Odisha, Andhra Pradesh Government of India said to telecom operators Keep Mobile Network Running via Intra Circle Roaming in Odisha, Andhra Pradesh In order to ensure seamless connectivity in cyclone hit areas, DOT has asked all telecom operators to share available infrastructur...
Google updating their terms of service Google updating their terms of service T he latest announcement from Google talks about the changes in its Terms of Service. The company will be modifying the terms, which will be officially put forth on November 11. The few changes that the company plan...
Nokia Lumia 2520 Windows tablet leaked Nokia Lumia 2520 Windows tablet leaked company will be taking the covers off its new Lumia 1520 phablet and Lumia 2520 Windows RT-based tablet, and rumour mills haven’t stopped yet. This time around, evLeaks has tweeted a press render of what looks like t...
iPhone 5s crash when apps running iPhone 5s crash when apps running W hile Apple claims that the iPhone 5s is the fastest device from its kitty, there are reports that say apps on the new 5s model crash more often than seen in the previous generations of the device. According to the mobi...
HTC increase its outlets retail in India under six months HTC increase its outlets retail in India under six months HTC recently said it will be adding about 3,000 outlets in the next six months. The company, which currently has about 3,500-4,000 retail outlets, will also be strengthening its service delivery n...
Aircel Also Launched Unified Data Tariffs 1 GB Data at 128rs for 3G and 2G Customers Aircel Also Launched Unified Data Tariffs 1 GB Data at 128rs for 3G and 2G Customers Aircel today announced the launch of for its 3G and 2G customers across the country.New Unified Data Tariffs will offer complete flexibility to its prepaid customers t...
Nokia and HTC working together on dual SIM Windows Phone Nokia and HTC working together on dual SIM Windows Phone A recent report in Windows Phone Dang tells us that both HTC and Nokia are working on Windows Phone devices that will mirror this functionality. Reportedly, these dual-SIM phones will support dual st...
Airtel launched MyPlan for Its Postpaid Customers Airtel launched MyPlan for Its Postpaid Customers Airtel will now allow postpaid customers to customize their bill plans according to their unique preferences. Airtel myPlan customers will have the freedom to create a plan in just 3 steps. Customers can ...
Google Launchpad Says Nexus 5 and Android KitKat will be launch on October 15 Google Launchpad Says Nexus 5 and Android KitKat will be launch on October 15 According to TechManiacs , some developers present at the boot camp around the workshops and networking events have been told that the launch date for both Nexus 5 and Andro...
Smashing Post And Tweets On Facebook And Twitter after Sachin Tendulkar retirement announcement Smashing Post And Tweets On Facebook And Twitter after Sachin Tendulkar retirement announcement F or anyone who grew up in India in the 1990’s, there was no greater pleasure than to watch Sachin Ramesh Tendulkar bat with his trademark finesse and almost-t...
Nokia Lumia 1320 leaks Nokia Lumia 1320 leaks N okia seems keen on pushing out as many devices this year as is possible. A new leak from the prolific tipster @evleaks has now shown that the company may be working on a new device titled the Lumia 1320. Intriguingly, the handset c...
Facebook Introduces new features that page owner can track their page Facebook Introduces new features that page owner can track their page F acebook has announced that it has rolled out a brand new version of Page Insights for admins to be able to track their post and page performance better as well as provide them with mo...
GTA 5 Made New Seven Guinness World records GTA 5 Made New Seven Guinness World records G rand Theft Auto 5 is proving to be one of the biggest games of the year less than a month after its release. Guinness World Records announced that GTA 5's launch made quite a few records—seven, to be precise—...
MTNL Mumbai invites its Customers in Consumer Education Workshop 2013 MTNL Mumbai invites its Customers in Consumer Education Workshop 2013 Mumbai’s number one Broadband and telecom service provider Mahanagar Telephone Nigam Ltd (MTNL) today invites its Mobile, Land-line and Broadband customers in Mumbai circle to participa...
MTNL Mumbai invites its Customers in Consumer Education Workshop 2013 MTNL Mumbai invites its Customers in Consumer Education Workshop 2013 Mumbai’s number one Broadband and telecom service provider Mahanagar Telephone Nigam Ltd (MTNL) today invites its Mobile, Land-line and Broadband customers in Mumbai circle to participa...
Raise Your Voice To alive Symbian OS Raise Your Voice To alive Symbian OS Since Nokia cancelled all firmware updates for their Symbian phones & Microsoft probably has no intention to keep Symbian OS, because they are concentrating on Windows Phones, I HEREBY WOULD LIKE THE RELEASE OF SYMBIA...
Spice launches Androidland retail stores in India Spice launches Androidland retail stores in India S martphone maker and mobile retailer Spice has launched Androidland stores in India. It now has two outlets – one in Koramangala, Bangalore and the other at The Great India Place Mall, Noida. These multi...
HTC launched Desire 500 in India HTC launched Desire 500 in India T aiwanese smartphone manufacturer HTC has finally launched its latest smartphone in the mid-range segment, the Desire 500, for Rs 21,490 in India. The company has announced that that device can be picked up in retail sto...
BlackBerry introduces Cloud service for BlackBerry, Android and iOS BlackBerry introduces Cloud service for BlackBerry, Android and iOS B lackBerry may not be doing too well as far as the devices segment goes but the company still seems to have retained enthusiasm for mobile applications and device management apps. The c...
Amazon launched mobile shopping app for Indian Android users Amazon launched mobile shopping app for Indian Android users A mazon was last seen in the news when its Appstore officially came to India back in May. The company, looking to capitalise on the booming mobile market in the country, has now launched its mobi...
Datawind launches three new tablets in India Datawind launches three new tablets in India D atawind, better known as the maker of the Aakash tablet , has expanded its tablet lineup in India with three budget devices. The company has launched the UbiSlate 7Cx, UbiSlate 3G7 and UbiSlate 9Ci. The 7Cx...
Datawind launches three new tablets in India Datawind launches three new tablets in India D atawind, better known as the maker of the Aakash tablet , has expanded its tablet lineup in India with three budget devices. The company has launched the UbiSlate 7Cx, UbiSlate 3G7 and UbiSlate 9Ci. The 7Cx...
Datawind launches three new tablets in India Datawind launches three new tablets in India D atawind, better known as the maker of the Aakash tablet , has expanded its tablet lineup in India with three budget devices. The company has launched the UbiSlate 7Cx, UbiSlate 3G7 and UbiSlate 9Ci. The 7Cx...
