Sony has made one of their boldest moves yet, with the announcement of a pair of full-frame mirrorless cameras. The Alpha 7 and 7R are identical, except for the sensor and autofocus systems. Both have a very rugged, weather-sealed body plus a high resolution EVF and LCD. More details are available in our first impressions review!
Race weekend about to begin at + Thunderhill Raceway Park .
Sony has made one of their boldest moves yet, with the announcement of a pair of full-frame mirrorless cameras. The Alpha 7 and 7R are identical, except for the sensor and autofocus systems. Both have a very rugged, weather-sealed body plus a high resolution EVF and LCD. More details are available in our first impressions review!
The hike up Tumalo Creek took us above the snow line from the last snow storm. There was still evidence of the cold weather system in the form of little drifts of snow and icicles around the waterfalls and cascades along the creek.
These are the remnants of an Indian Shaker Church in The Dalles. There was a big storm brewing that morning, and I was lucky enough to snap a few shots before it hit us.
I was surprised that these buildings are just sitting there. No marker to indicate that they are historical. Not sure if they are on public land or on the property of the motel next door. And it's obvious that people party here occasionally.
My last video from the September SCCA race weekend at Thunderhill. Another mixed class race. I started first in class, lost 2 spots when I got bogged down behind a car in another class. Got both spots back before the end of the first lap and led my class for the rest of the event to take home my 3rd class win for the weekend. The last lap is notable because a weld on the exhaust system broke on the last corner of the last lap of the last race of the weekend. Talk about a lucky break...
Lower Proxy Falls in the Cascade Mountains west of Bend, Oregon. This lush fall drops 226 feet, cascading over moss-covered basalt to a shallow pool.
Wow. If you like driving at all, and you want to drive better, you need to watch Allan McNish break everything down to the fundamentals. He talks about racing, but the majority of what he says is applicable any time you're in a car. Allan McNish Talks Racing Skills - /SHAKEDOWN
I'll do whatever it takes to get a photo.
Smith Rock, with the Crooked River flowing around it, and the Oregon Cascades in the distance.
Operation Freedom Paws is a terrific non profit organization that helps people with PTSD and dogs in shelters. Watch the program to find out how they do it. #dogs #PTSD #veterans #nonprofitorganizations #doglovers #servicedogs #dogtraining
Panther Creek Falls near Carson, WA It rained the first 4 days of our trip to Oregon. After getting soaked for 3 days hiking in the rain, we took a break and drove down the Columbia River Gorge and did the tour of the Bonneville Dam. After that we headed across the Bridge of the Gods to the Washington side and stopped in Carson for what turned out to be a tasty lunch. I was reading a travel guide that Diane picked up at the local museum and in it, they mentioned Panther Creek Falls. So we drove out to there and braved the elements on the short hike to the falls. Turned out to be well worth it.
Thanks, + Mitul Shah . It is a lovely fall and it does surprise you with it's size. Proxy Falls (off the McKenzie Scenic Byway) is similar to this, but even larger. I didn't do the scramble to the pool. It was pouring down rain for the 4th day in a row and we were slipping and sliding just hiking down the path to the view platform. I figured there was a better than even chance I would end up swimming if I tried it.
Another race from the SCCA event at Thunderhill in September. It was raining during qualifying and I had no rain tires, so I qualified on slicks in the rain. As a result, I started 7th in class. By the end of the first lap, I was leading my class. I didn't even realize I was leading at the end of the race, I thought there was still one more car from my class in front of me.
That's exactly what happened. In fact, someone told me I won and I said, "No way, I know I didn't pass all the cars that started in front of me". Turns out the guy I thought was in front of me had to start from the back because he wasn't on the grid in time.
It's harder to keep track of your position in multi-class racing. You're often surrounded by cars that you aren't racing for position, but you have to work your way up through them to pass a car in your class. Or they might be passing you to get to a car in front of them. With this group, it's particularly confusing because nearly half the field is Miatas, but they are running in 5 different classes. A few of them are quite a bit faster than the Spec class.
Continuing our tour through Oregon, here's a photo of South Falls in Silver Falls State Park. This was the scene as we arrived at the park. The morning fog was clearing, and the rising sun picked up the mist hanging in the trees. #Oregon #waterfalls
A few miles west of Bend, Oregon is Tumalo Creek, part of the watershed that feeds the Deschutes River. This beautiful creek has a number of falls, some of them just a few steps from each other. The largest of them is Tumalo Falls, with a height of 30m.
Glass imagery is getting quite good, but I don't think I could keep my head still for the 30 secs it took to get this exposure.
It can definitely be improved upon. The sky was overcast that day. When you do go back, don't stop hiking here. There are at least 10 more falls above this in the next 2 miles, including a couple of beautiful double falls.
Another interesting video using Google Glass. This is from the Houston Zoo showing how they perform examinations on venomous snakes safely.
Just got back from a week in Oregon. We had a great time hiking through this beautiful part of the country. This morning, we stopped in Silver Falls State Park about 15 miles southeast of Salem. This was the view we had on the hike down to South Falls as the mist was clearing.
+ Jubal Prevatte Yes, the falls here are amazing. I'll share some more photos soon. Unfortunately, we only had time to visit a few of them because we had to catch a flight out of PDX in the afternoon.
+ Melina M Yes, my photo. I'll have some more to share from this trip soon.
+ J Rudy State Parks are still open. National Parks are closed, although we had no trouble getting into them on this trip.
2nd Spec Miata race of the weekend. I started 5th, lost a couple of places at the start, and then fought my way up to the podium and a 3rd place finish. Fastest lap of the race also netted me the pole for the next race. BTW, the camera shake is due to both rear wheels being out of balance (one by 3.25 oz and the other by 5 oz). I thought it was going to shake my teeth right out of my jaw.
This is the first new sports car I've seen in years that I would seriously consider buying. Yes, there are some cool supercars I would love to own, but there's no way I'm shelling out north of $200K for a car.
DCT is the future, Jeff.
+ vint cerf may not be the world's most interesting man, but he's right up there.
I had one heckuva weekend at the + SCCA San Francisco Region regional race at + Thunderhill Raceway Park . Had the fastest time in both warmup sessions despite the rain and being out on slick tires. Came home with three ITA Class wins, plus a pole in Spec Miata and a 3rd and 4th place finish. Worst finish was 12th, and that was after an off that put me at the back of the field. Here's one of the ITA races. Got bottled up at the start and had to race my way back to the front of the class to take the win.
+ Viet-Tam Luu Saw your car in the tires in 14 during Group 5 qual. Not a pretty sight. Have you decided whether to fix the Evo or start a new project?
+ Úlfar Erlingsson I cut out a couple of laps when I was chasing down the next pack of cars. Just a little editing trick to make the transition smooth and keep viewers interested.
No, Mr. Benmosche. The uproar over bonuses was a reaction to investment bankers like you pillaging the American Dream after setting fire to it. The uproar over bonuses “was intended to stir public anger, to get everybody out there with their pitch forks and their hangman nooses, and all that–sort of like what we did in the Deep South [decades ago]. And I think it was just as bad and just as wrong."
Bryan Cranston from "Breaking Bad", Jim Parsons and Kunal Nayar from "Big Bang Theory", and others give Glass a go at the Emmys.
At + Thunderhill Raceway Park for the SCCA regionals. Supposed to rain tomorrow. Should make qualifying very interesting.
Reminds me of the times that I've had flying dreams. It feels so liberating to be soaring around. Until reality sets in and you realize you're only dreaming.
The engine in this Miata was running a little rough. A few bits were found to be in the wrong place. Should be an easy fix.
I can haz the warm?
You know you are of a certain age if you remember these The only one I've never heard of is #4. #ns
Hiring a "turnaround" expert seems like a bad idea. It's not like Microsoft is in danger of going under any time soon. Microsoft needs a product visionary to re-energize the company with a new mission that isn't just "beat the competition and protect the cash cows".
A Message From Felipe Massa... "From 2014, I will no longer be driving for Ferrari. I would like to thank the team for all the victories and incredible moments experienced together. Thank you also to my wife and all of my family, to my fans and all my Sponsors. From each one of you I have always received a great support! Right now I want to push as hard as possible with Ferrari for the remaining 7 races. For next year, I want to find a team that can give me a competitive car to win many more races and challenge for the Championship which remains my greatest objective! Thank you all. Felipe" #f1
Fernando and Kimi are both aggressive drivers who don't give an inch on the track. And I think they are both extremely talented, just look at how much performance they've each been able to wring from their respective cars compared to their lesser teammates. If Kimi does go to Ferrari, I expect to see contact between teammates.
I think Alonso and Raikonnen are both capable of challenging Vettel in an equal car, but Ferrari and Lotus have just not had the pace this year.
Looking forward with some trepidation. Please don't disappoint me, Ronnie.
Marty Brounstein has been a friend and mentor of mine for many years. He recently wrote this biography of a Dutch couple who risked their own lives to save the lives of Jews threatened by the Nazi regime occupying the Netherlands in WWII. He will be giving a talk at the East West Bookshop on Castro in Mountain View at 7:30PM on Sep 26. He's a wonderful speaker and this is a remarkable story of courage. If you're in the area, I hope you'll take the time to come see him talk.
I wonder if they've ever been to Thunderhill? I know they've filmed at least one segment at Willow Springs in Southern California.
With the Bay Bridge getting all the love, thought I'd post a photo of the Golden Gate. Maybe a little different perspective...
A little chuckle for the software engineers out there...
Trying to avoid F1 spoilers on G+ is like trying to avoid getting bugs on your windshield on a late summer day. Must not look...
ZAP Xebra. Clearly ZAP saw the Reliant Robin and said to themselves, "Wow that car is such a model of good handling and stability. You know how we can improve that even more? Make it taller and give it a higher center of gravity!"
+ Alexander Gee You're going to need a roll cage if you track that car, because it will spend more time on its roof than it's wheels.
And this car has 4 wheels...
Kings Canyon National Park Looking northeast from Panorama Point across Hume Lake into the canyon and the mountains beyond.
