Sony Xperia Z1, Z Ultra and Smartwatch 2 arrive to the U.S. Sony might not be upping its game in the United States anytime soon, but that’s not stopping the Japanese giant from continuing with its regular strategy of releasing many of its mobile devices directly for sales in the states through its website and via se...
Paranoid Android releases official 0-Day GAPPS package, promises always up-to-date apps As you might already know, flashing a custom ROM is a great way to make the most out of your Android device. Unfortunately, the experience isn’t always a straightforward one and requires time, patience and a little know how. Arguably one of the biggest inco...
Sony Xperia Z1, Z Ultra and Smartwatch 2 arrive to the U.S. Sony might not be upping its game in the United States anytime soon, but that’s not stopping the Japanese giant from continuing with its regular strategy of releasing many of its mobile devices directly for sales in the states through its website and via se...
Rumor: Google smartwatch coming “sooner rather than later,” to pack KitKat / Google Now functionality A new rumor says that Google is working on a Google smartwatch, which should be launched “sooner rather than later,” according to a source familiar with the matter. The device will reportedly be “heavy” into KitKat / Google Now functionality,” although spec...
Android 4.4 KitKat to have “default SMS app;” developers advised to get their apps ready Google on Monday advised SMS app developers to get their apps in order for the arrival of Android 4.4 KitKat, which will let users select their “default SMS app.” The company did not reveal when Android 4.4 KitKat will be released, although it did say it’s ...
New hands-on Nexus 5 images, Android 4.4 KitKat screenshots leak We think we have a pretty good idea about the specs and features of the upcoming Nexus 5, but on the software side, there’s still a fair amount of confusion about what Android 4.4 KitKat will bring to the table. Today, we have two new leaks to add to our al...
Would you buy an iPhone if it ran CyanogenMod? The CyanogenMod team caused quite a stir when they announced that they’d be taking their hobby of providing custom Android ROMs to the community, and going full time as Cyanogen Inc.. This was all made possible by Cyanogen and his cohorts raising a whopping...
Android 4.4 KitKat build KRT13 shows up in Phandroid.com web logs Today was a good day for Android 4.4 KitKat leaks. First, we saw new images where the Nexus 5 posed for blurry cam pictures, next we saw screenshots leaked, showing us glimpses inside the latest version of Android. Now, while digging through our web server ...
Blackberry Messenger for Android coming in “days,’ says executive Blackberry Messenger for Android was supposed to launch near the end of September, but an unfortunate series of events caused that launch to be halted. If you don’t remember, a version of the app leaked with a big that put a ridiculous amount of strain on B...
Google updates its mobile Search app with a useful tip calculator The Google Search mobile app is a powerful tool and now the company has made it even better by adding a tip calculator to its laundry list of features. The tip calculator can be initiated by either a voice command or typing for example “What’s the tip for X...
Facebook announces Facebook for Android alpha testers program When beta simply isn’t close enough to the bleeding edge, alpha testing comes along to slash its way into the hearts of those who must be among the first people to get the latest features. If you’re one of those people and you’re a user of Facebook, you’ll ...
A little backstory on the Android logo The Android logo, in my opinion, deserves to go down in history as one of the greatest ever. I have never seen any other brand draw as much positivity as the little green robot does for the platform, and has certainly played it’s role in helping the operati...
Full Timescape apps (Root Not Needed) Hi all As you all know that Sony replaced the Timescape app with Socialife on them new devices, but for me I still like Timescape So here is all apps needed to get full Timescape on your Tablet Z. Download From Attachment, extract it then install all apps...
KitKat leak shows tweaked but familiar Android interface Will Google announce KitKat and the Nexus 5 next week? Maybe. Is the latest leak enough to hold you over? Probably not, but here it is anyway. This is purported to be Android 4.4 running on the upcoming Nexus 5, and if it seems to look a lot like Jelly Bean...
Dead Space™ v1.1.41 The sci-fi horror masterpiece DEAD SPACE has finally arrived on Android! Dead Space™ play.google.com.ea.deadspace_row This stunning vision of the Dead Space franchise is truly a landmark in mobile gaming. Featuring hardcore gameplay and a rich audio exper...
MADDEN NFL 25 by EA SPORTS™ v1.1 An experience 25 years in the making! MADDEN NFL 25 by EA SPORTS™ play.google.com.maddenmobile2014 EA SPORTS delivers the most authentic NFL football experience to date for Android smartphones and tablets with MADDEN NFL 25. Build your Ultimate Team of NF...
NBA JAM by EA SPORTS™ v01.00.43 BOOMSHAKALAKA!!!! NBA JAM by EA SPORTS™ v01.00.43 play.google.com.nbajam_na_wf Jam with your favorite stars from all 30 NBA teams in over-the-top, high-flying, 2-on-2 arcade basketball just like you remember it – and like you’ve never seen before! NBA JA...
Plants vs. Zombies™ 2 v1.4.2 The zombies are coming… back. It’s about time! Plants vs. Zombies™ 2 play.google.com.pvz2_row The sequel to the hit action-strategy adventure brings the fun to tablets and touchscreens. Join Crazy Dave on a crazy adventure where you’ll meet, greet and def...
FIFA 14 by EA SPORTS™ v1.3.0 REAL PLAYERS. REAL TEAMS. REAL LEAGUES. Welcome to the most authentic football game for Android smartphones and tablets! FIFA 14 by EA SPORTS™ play.google.com.fifa14_row Feel the excitement of every pass, shot, and tackle with new touch controls. Plus, li...
Where's My Water? 2 v1.0.0 Get ready to join Swampy, Allie, and Cranky on their NEXT exciting adventure! Where's My Water? 2 play.google.com.wheresmywater2_goo The sequel to the most addicting physics-based puzzler from Disney has finally arrived. Where’s My Water? 2 launches with ...
NBA 2K14 v1.0 NBA 2K14 is the latest installment of the world's biggest and best NBA video game franchise. NBA 2K14 www.amazon.com.nba With more than 38 Sports Game of the Year and "Best Of" mentions last year on console, 2K14 is set to rule the virtual hardwood on Ama...
Star Wars: Tiny Death Star v1.0 From Disney Mobile, in partnership with LucasArts and Nimblebit, the makers of Tiny Tower, comes an all-new mobile game about everyone’s favorite space station, STAR WARS™: TINY DEATH STAR™! Star Wars: Tiny Death Star play.google.com.tinydeathstar_goo Ami...
Sony still doesn't care about U.S. smartphone market Of all handset makers producing Android smartphones over the last few years Sony is the one who has yet to really take a crack at the U.S. market. Even the months following the rebranding and new focus have yet to yield much on our home turf. Looking ahead ...
Nexus 5 design, Android 4.4 KitKat features detailed in new photo leak; LG-D821 gets second Bluetooth SIG sighting New photos allegedly showing the Nexus 5 running an Android 4.4 KitKat version have hit the web, while the LG-D821 handset has received certification from the Bluetooth SIG… again. Second Bluetooth SIG sighting We have already seen the LG-D821 hitting the B...
Nexus 5 design, Android 4.4 KitKat features detailed in new photo leak; LG-D821 gets second Bluetooth SIG sighting New photos allegedly showing the Nexus 5 running an Android 4.4 KitKat version have hit the web, while the LG-D821 handset has received certification from the Bluetooth SIG… again. Second Bluetooth SIG sighting We have already seen the LG-D821 hitting the B...
Location settings getting a makeover in Android 4.4 KitKat If a new rumor is to be believed, Android’s location access screen is getting a makeover in the upcoming Android 4.4 KitKat update. The news comes by way of Android Police , where the site has recently received screenshots of the new changes. As you’ll se...
Xperia Tablet Z Touch Blocker (Android 4.1/4.2) Touch blocker is an app by Sony which disable the touch screen on your device, that helpful if you're underwater Tested on both android versions; 4.1 & 4.2 Screen Shots: Quote: ATTACHED FILES com.sonymobile.touchblocker-1.apk - [Click for QR Code] (1.11...
Wallpaper Template for Xperia Tablet Z Here is a Wallpaper Template for the Xperia Tablet Z running Android 4.1.2 (Jelly Bean) with the tablet's stock User Interface (UI). To match the Xperia Tablet Z's screen pixel-for-pixel, wallpaper images should be sized 2880 x 1920 pixels. The dimensions (...
Best Buy offering the Moto X for just $99 with contract Some Android users absolutely want the latest and greatest devices, regardless of the price. Others are budget conscientious and will gravitate to mid-range or budget handsets all in the name of saving some cold hard cash. Why settle when you can have the b...
Pathetic Microsoft asked Samsung and Huawei about dual-booting Windows on Android devices Last week, a new rumor surfaced claiming that Microsoft was attempting to convince HTC to bring Windows Phone to their Android devices as a second option. Now new details have arrived by way of Mobile Review’s Eldar Murtazin, who claims that Microsoft also...
Nexus 5, Android 4.4 KitKat to really be unveiled on October 15? A new rumor floating around is saying that Google will unveil the Nexus 5 – or will it be called Nexus 4 (2013)? – alongside Android 4.4 KitKat on October 15. But is that really so? Word on the street is that the October 15 announcement date was slipped dur...
HP announces a new 11-inch Chromebook Google’s Chrome OS is still ticking as a new major OEM has announced a new laptop with Google’s browser-based operating system. Simply dubbed HP ChromeBook 11, this 11.6-inch laptop has a resolution of 1366 x 768 — it’s not nearly as good as the Chromebook ...
Instagram update introduces photo straightening, Android app is almost up to speed with iOS version Hot on the heels of Twitter’s exclusive announcement earlier this afternoon, is Facebook-owned Instagram announcing (on Twitter, ironically) that they’ll soon be pushing out a sizable update to the Google Play Store later today. The latest update is said to...
Sony Xperia Z1 f (Mini) official: Snapdragon 800 and 20.7MP camera inside a bite sized shell Tales of a smaller, more easily pocketable Sony Xperia Z1 have been rumored around the internet almost as long as the full sized model. This Sony Xperia Z1 Mini as it was known (Honami Mini) was said to be big on specs, while small in overall stature. Today...
Google Updating Android Apps En Masse Ahead of KitKat Android users will find plenty of updates on their handsets ready to be installed today. As Google prepares to launch the Android 4.4 KitKat version of the mobile operating system, numerous members of the core apps are receiving new features. Here’s a look ...
Best remote access apps for Android Although smartphones and tablets are quickly replacing conventional computers, the complete switch has yet to be made. This is because there are still many tasks that can only be performed on a desktop computer. For this purpose, we sometimes require remote...
Twitter announces tablet-optimized Android app, but you’ll need a Note 10.1 (2014) to use it Back in September, Samsung took the wraps of the Galaxy Note 3, the Gear and the Note 10.1 (2014). At that time, the company also (unintentionally?) gave us our first peak at a new version of Twitter , one that was actually optimized for tablets. Fast-fo...
7 best file manager apps for Android File managers are an essential part of any operating system. Whether you’re browsing files in Windows or Android, there is always a need for a way to look at the files on your devices. To meet this need, there are a lot of file manager apps. Which ones are ...
SuperCell’s Clash of Clans finally hits the Google Play Store After an extremely lengthy wait, the hugely popular strategy game Clash of Clans by Super Cell, has hit the Google Play Store. The game has already garnered millions of downloads on the Apple App Store and the time has finally come for the game to be enjoye...
